1 AV'dSiXM'S EXPONENT 21 I ful rim nf Km ma'' .inltti iuuuilT - rnrt - - rrs . a priv-It is the w,..j.i, f,;i. great firstsecretary! being wua u. ''111)" these associations, It n iiiuiv.; , ii.u ilege to belong-to-. and our. late President Bathshcba W. S. ilth ' ALPINE STAKE the sisters only realized the blessings de" rived .from then) they would eagerly" seek having Ieen personally acquainted with all. We find very little Written about d The quarterly conference of to join. .1 am proud of these gatherings of them tlie Alpine Stake of Zion convened in the our sisters." She remembered well an article the women. They do not" figure as largely Third Ward Chapel of. American Fork, President Young once asked her to write in history as do the men, but theii goIl deed are recorded in the book of life. She July 21st, 1911. Morning session opened that it might be recorded pertaining to the heard the Prophet Joseph deliver all of his Insinging, "Come Let Us Anew." Prayer gathering "ofgrain, taking care of the poor, was led by President A. J. Lvans. Continued building granaries and various other duties, last sermons, remembered distinctly the time he was being guarded from his eneby singing, "Softly Beams the Sacred lie said 1o get counsel from the brethren in that f the Local PresiMav the mies, the terrible cloud that hung over the the taking care of the grain. Dawning." Several dents were called upon to report their reLord preserve and take care of each of us city the time of the martyrdom. I prav that will bless you to work for the dead spective wards, after which President Re- that we ma.y live to be examples to the the Lord as well as the living and live lives that are becca Standring gave a brief report of the world is my prayer. Saints." worthy the name of Latter-da- y Brother John II. Davis favored the ConAlpine Stake. She said we are just as unitPresident Standring bore testimony to ed as we possibly can be; in unity there is ference with the beautiful hvmn, "O Mv that which had been said. 'T feel thankful strength. V feel our inability, bur Yc pray Father' Benediction by Bishop John K. Hindley. that my Heavenly Father has strengthened continually for aid and strength to perform me this day and that I have been permitted this great work that has been placed upon Conference adjourned until 1:30 p. In. to partake of the Spirit of this Conferenec. us. We arc very' pleased to welcome our I love this work and can beloved President Emmeline I). Wells and safely say thai Afternoon session commenced by singing. have never opj)osed any principle of the Hoard. Susa V. one of the General Prayer led by Brother William Southwick. want Gates here today. May the Lord give us Continued Jrv Gospel or any man in authority. ReLet "Now Us singing, God has given me to do the power an outpouring of His Spirit in this ConferPresident ;A. J.. Kvans compli- to use joice." and say the things that will exalt and purify ence that we may have great cause to re- - mented the sisters on their looks. J good joice i my prayer. Your faces bear evkfence to me that you are us all. May the Lord bless you. my dear tir-lives to meet again Sister Gates was mir t speaker. lives 6 Latter-da- y Saints. Spoke to sisters, and spare your living in another Conference." taking three topics to speak upon, her first us about chilstrict over our keeping guard The Saving of Wheat. The great signifiSister E. J. T. Roberts thanked the Sissee that thev are not out late hours. dren; cance of this request or counsel given ters of American Fork for the nice lunchare buggy riding preunprotected. They to us by Our 'Prophet, lirigham Young, eon served in the building at the noon hour, cious to us even more than some of us' rehas certainly developed our hearts, Tt is not atalize. Sister Ruby Thornton, another of making it much easier for the sisters to a selfish movement but purely for others. tend Conference. Second topic. Collecting a Library for the our. returned missionaries from the Northern President Chipman rejoiced in the testifelt she that blessed was States, with many Sisters of the Relief Society. Commence mony borne this day, for the beautiful for a foundation With the Church Work. great privileges and opportunities. Her resinging, readings and everything that had in the Relief in work sponsibility Society We need to read 'more and enlighten our. Let us trust in the Lord and been said the field had mission, shown her the great He will minds; seek knowledge that we can impart guide us in our paths. need of these it is wonderorganizations, it to others. Third topic,. The Exponent. After the closing hymn, benediction was This is published the Relief Society ful how the Lord will bless us when we Jacob The testimonies this pronounced by Counselor Harriermonths. and should be encouraged more bv mir humble- ourselves. and conference adjourned for three sisters. There is not one line written in this .morning have given me a greater deter Sina Chipman, woman's paper but what iV an uplift. Let mination to live a good life, to do some of ... Secretary the good things these sisters have done. I us encourage and sustain things in our homes. I do humbly and incerelv want to be remembered for the good things pray that God will bless our two venerable done in my life. Sister Susa Y.Gates said, HOLDS BIG JUBILEE. presidents, Sisters Wells and Standring. "These enthusiastic speakers, the lady miswho arc permitted to be with us today. I sionaries carry with them the only Spirit All suffragists within reach of New .York am thankful for the privilege of hearing that can bring reform among the immoral-it- v Associaof the world. Let usTiot forget the rev- were summoned by the National their sweet voices again. It has been an tion to take part in a monster celebration ot erence due the Priesthood and appreciate the California inspiration to me alimy life to hear the victory at Cooper Union our mission as women and never depreciate testimonies of the noble women of God. night.-"'f- t was arranged to display the Grant that they may live long to do good being born a woman. ' It was said of Pres- new six-stbanner for the first time and Only Remembered by what I have pdent Young that he once predicted that no to introduce the new .six-stbuttons. 'Pop-DieDone' was beautifully rendered-b- y Brother man that ever faltered in the performance were ordered to make the hall John 11. Davis of the First Ward of Amer- of his duties will ever stand at the head of look enough like a real California mesa arrangeican Fork. Sister LaPriel Gardner of Amer- this Church, and I feel that I can predict' ments having meen made to have all the ican Fork, a returned missionary from the the. same of 'our women in aspiring to beand viNorthern States, said: "I cannot give ex- come the elect lady. The Genealogical So- suffrage organizations of New York their cinity represented on the platform by pression to the gratitude of my heart for ciety has been organized to help oiir people. a brass will set your hearts to do this work respective officers and banners, and this blessed privilege of having gone forth hand engaged. Invitations to speak were in my weakness and humility to proclaim you will find ample time to attend to .your Shaw, the truth to those 'who are in darkness." She family duties. This has been given to me accepted bv Rev. Anna Howard : Miss made many beautiful. comparisons from the as a mission and to teach it to the people president of the National Association New the Bible testifying of the truthfulness of our and urge them to see to it, there is so much Harriet May Mills, president of York State Association ; Mrs. James Lees religion. "May we ever keep the teachings of this work to be done and so few that are Laidlaw, chairman of Manhattan borough of the Prophet Joseph Smith burning in our doing it. for the woman Suffrage party : Mrs HarA reading entitled Only a Girl." breasts and that God lives. i my prayer." Womgiven Sister Emmeline B. Wells. President of by Sister Justesen of the Third Ward of riot Stanton Blatch, president of the en's Political Union ; Mrs. Gerberding. and the Relief Society, throughout the world; American Fork. bv Sister Fern Mrs. Marv Austin of California and Isaac Singing .was our next speaker. She felt very Vance, "The "Songs My Mother .Used to-Stevens of Denver. pleased to meet with her sisters in the AlSing." We were privileged to have our pine Stake. "When I first came into this beloved President Sister Wells talk to us Mrs. Lees, Mayor of Oldham in England, .house I felt the inspiration of the Holy again Her remarks continued on4hedays has long been the most beloved citizen ol Spirit. It is here in rich abundance. I have of Nauvoo and of the lives orthe great always loved the Relief Society since the meii-- and women pf our Church. There that place. She increased her popularity still; further during the recent, labor troubles; days of Nauvoo. Sister Eliza R. Snow are very few ieft who knew the Prophet. when she succeeded, bv her personal exer- .brought with her the records from Nauvoo The .women, who served and waited upon tions. in bringing about a settlement of a which proves tlrat this association was never him are few and far between.' Wre honor strike which had tied up all the" street cars discontinued since its first organization, she their memone?: She eulogized the beauti- - for. five davs. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. ' . ; i. 1 1 -- forty-secon- - . t -- I I J , tr - - all-goo- ar ar .If-yo- - . -- ; , , s 