'h. - WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A 'M'" ' ' TEMPLE jbr u- - to be rVatient always, QXi m love a helping hand, in fiU-- , here to walk in meekness, strength to do Thy work, ;nv evilr : Thqu'lt defend us ---- If u( trust in Thee, oh, Lord. near us, feel Thy presence u (.d lu Thine Let Thy That we THE PROPHET'S BIRTHDAY. ' On this day" long years ago -- to-obo- -- v customs.- " , - Since 1845 I have been the w ife of President Ileber C. Kimball by whom 1 have had' nine children, five sons and foir daughters; have lived hr the same house with other sincerely, hSV.W'T - , .Your $istc'r ;in ' ' v-;- . v 'thcGosilv-'-:---;'- ' LU CY W . , K I M I'.A L L AN EVENING WALK. Aw !y from nierr'v. dancim: throner.. To where the hill slopes Vise ami fall, To search for wild (lower s, hidden oft 'Mid sage brush gray,- with taste like gall. The" rosy-gloof sunset lends A charm of brightness to the scene; - w Then purple twilight gently bends And "so (tens Xaturt's gayer mien. , The silence round was almost felt Save when the plaint of lonelv bird Broke out, or distant marksman's gun The sleeping mountain echoes stirred. The first we found were lilac cups -- That clustered io'w, upon the ground, Then tall and slejider stalks rose up' With delicate, blossoms crowned. his family," ha veloved them'as dearly as my owir sisters, until it became Daisies clothed grace, necessary as our children, began' to grow up Sego buds, and waving grass around us to have1 separate homes. Everv Were severed from their resting place And gathered in one clustering mass. moiner nas ner own mode ot ..government and as children grow in years 'it is. more But queen.' of all the flowers there Was lily, wild, and lily fair, pleasant to have them under tlie immediate face so pure", and vest so white. With dictation of their own mother. I can truth Type of infioceiice blest and bright. fully state, however; that there' i less room for jealousy where w ives live under the. same A stone was rolled from off a place Where drops of pure spring water fell. roof. They become interested in each othAnd there beneath a tiny stream er's welfare: they love the other's children; A lizard drowned in shallow well. besides, in my experience I find the children " themselves love each other as dearly as the Oh. would that evil thought and deed Could die beneath a stream of good revives. children of one mother. In sickness, it has That springing up. to nobler, been a pleasure to minister to those in need Higher aims would lead! f of assistance. 1 w ill sav here. too. that it is Like Blue Bell sought, we could not find, " a grand school. You learn self control, Arc mortals' wishes, seldom few; it brings out the nobler traits of our .We slight the sweets already found e new. for seek And fallen natures, "and teaches us to study and something always Annie Kay Hardy. subdue self, while we become acquainted with the peculiar' characteristics of each othWOMAN'S ONWARD MARCH. er. There is a grandopportunity to imIt is only by contrasting the position of prove ourselves and the lessons learned in a women fofty years ago with that which they few years are worth the experience of a lifeoccupy today that an adequate idea can be time for this reason, that you are better preobtained of the great advance they have pared to make a home happy. You can easmade. They have had to fight, it is true, ily avoid niany unpleasant features of do for every inch of the road they have won. mestic life that through inexperience you otherwise are unprepared to meet. The study fust as they are being opposed, today in their demand for the vote by the prejudice of human nature is a grand study. ' Ileber C. Kimball was a noble, whole-soule- d and selfishness of men, so they have had to son of God and was as capable of face hostility in their demand, to be allowed educational opportunities and lovimr more than one woman as God Him-se- lf to share ' to work 'in professions and occupations is capable of loving all His creations. is. v Sister Vilate ' Murray Kimball, first w;ife .which men had monopolized. That work of Heber C. Kimball, was one of the noble not yet finished, but' many of the bulwarks' have been broken' down. Medicine is a prowomen of the earth. She. was' dearly beloved fession now open to women, but the doors of by his wives and children as well as by all law are still barred again stt hem. The latest who intimately knew her. Too little has masculine presence to be thrown open Jo a been said of her exemplary life. She-w- as is the delegacy to the Wesleyan ministering angel to those in distress, ever. women Conference. ' The matter was considered by ready to aid 'those who had not been so fortunate as herself in regard to the comforts last year's Conference, and it was referred of life. She never seemed so happy as while toMhe' District Synods for their consideradistion. It is reported that twenty-fou- r seeking to' make others happy. Every year in favor of women "being it was her custom to invite all the family to tricts have, voted dine at her table and insisted that it. was Jier admitted to the Conference and ten against the change;' The Conference considered this privilege to .wait upon and'make them happy decision last week,: and ultimately decided and comfortable. In' her lasf sickness she by 179, votes to 153 to alter the constitution expressed her regret that she could no long-women. er have the pleasure of seeing the family, to- ;of the Conference5 so as to.admit That vote shows that a good proportion of gether as she had been in the habit of doing. the leading Wesleyan Methodists are still in On one occasion, as she had done,in,former of ancient ideas; about women, the years, she answered, "You must excuse me, but bondage it is significant of the trend of modern ... as our own family has grown so large that' bethought that such a conservative bodv as by the time I visit them all I want to shows the the Wesl cyans should have adopted the pro- This the jounds again' gin nosed change. London Christian Commonhusgood feelings she cherished towards her ' members-o- The Modern Prophet came And magnified the Word of God,. He made the Gospel plain. Revere his natal day, ' Loving thoughts have sway. Hi- - noble life twixt joy and strife Made great his name for ave. eye-lik- e with-modes- t -- His life was short but full of zeal ln to the martyred end. He struggled on to do God's will. And boldly did defend he Word' he came to bring. O loudly let us sing! 1 'Twill save us all. both great and small, It is a - -- to - ' 'Light the Truth discern, Peace forever be with us, eternal life may gain. Emilic Mqeser. , htA a feeling of jealousy it was a source of com-forrme. We were as sisters to each ather. Iti this I actedin accordance with the will of God. Not for any .worldly aggrandisement, not for the gratification of the flesh;' How can it be said that we accepted this principle for any lust ful desires ? 'Preposterous. This would 1k utterly impossible. But? as. L said - before.- we accepted - it- a command, of God, to establish' a principle that would benefit the human family and emancipate them from the degradation into which they had fallen through their wi;ked 7 be satd of her Hamttc one of her nf . x 1'hy Spirit 'lead aiul guide us, 'J'cu is us to be true and kind. Ut l;i u vr;j. accepted'that order of marriaw House vjdt thou draw nigh, j,t( iliy grace divine attend us 'h)c we labor through the day. In Thine ' 43 glorious thing! O'er foiy score years now it has been And Ttrr tnr- - Wtrfk- - goes Or, Inert ased each year by honest souls Who'll join with us in song. Hail the glorious day c December twenty-threOur Pjophet's day we'll love ahvay, e. v Throughout eterntiy. Hattie C. Jcnson. LUCY WALKER KIMBALL. Autobiography. self-deni- al, . (.Continued from page 34.) , Prophet Joseph Smith often referred feelings that should exist" between nnds and wives. He said men should beware how they treat their wives, that they The to the -- were given them for a also said . ' holy-purpose- , and he . many should awake on the morning of the resurection sadly disappointed for they, by transgression, would have neither 'wives nor children, for they surely would be taken from them and given to those who should prove themselves worthy. President Joseph Smith taught me the principle of plural jnarriage which, after much serious thought and prayer for many mouths, I became convinced that the principle was revealed from heaven, and on the first day of May, 1843, T consented to be- the Prophet's wife, and was sealed to c"e him for time and all eternity at his own house by Elder William Clayton. t I have but one regret which is Today that I have not been a more worthy representative of the principle of plural mar- nage, and that I have npt lived a more perfect life. can also state that Emma Smith waspresent and did consent to Eliza and pmily .Partridge"; r also. Maria and Sarah Lawrence being sealed to her husband. This had from the Prophet's own mouth; also the testimony of her niece,' Hyrum Smith's driest daughter (my brother Lorin's wife) as well as that of the children. young ladies; named band's wives and I ja . , l ' . . -- -- . Too much can- - wealth. . ' : 4 ...... 