 ELTON YOUNGBLOOD Grand Junction, Colorado Tape No. 74An interview by Richard Gibbs and Greg Brolin July 22, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground 1 Changes in Ore Buying Policy 2 A.E.C. Exploration Program. 6 Granting Leases. 11 Government . . 15 Lawsuits Against the A.E.C.... 22
 Th.is. is an interview for the University of Utah and California State College, Fullerton, Uranium Industry Oral History project. Greg Brolin and Richard Gibbs are interviewing Mr. Elton Youngblood at the Atomic Energy Connnission Compound, Grand Junction, Colorado, on July 22, 1970.Y: "Right. I've been in the program for seventeen, eighteen years, and a lot of things go by you in time.B: Mr. Youngberg, as a means of introduction, would you please des- cribe your position here with the A.E.C. and give us a little back--a little of your background.Y: Well, I joined the A.E.C. in 1930--in 1952, in September, andspent one year at headquarters as a mining engineer in the Div- ision of Raw Materials, working with Jesse Johnson. In September, 1953, I transferred to Grand Junction as technical assistant tothe manager, which position I filled for one year. Then, following that I was Director of the Mining Division for about a year and a half. In 1956, I became Assistant Manager for Operations, which position I've served since that time. This position involves the direction of the technical divisions, exploration, mining, milling, and procurement activities for the Connnission in the Western United States. I graduated from the Montana School of Mines and MiningEngineering in 1937, professional engineering and practiced engineer- ing in Oregon and Washington and filled various positions in industry for about ten years. I also worked during the war years as a min- eral economist in the United States Tariff Connnission in Washington,D.C. for two and a half years.
 B,: Mr. Youngberg, what were the factors involved in the abrupt change in ore buying policy back in '51?Y: That was before I joined the Connnission. I presume you're referring to the rather substantial increase in price that occurred at that period to time?B: Uh huh. A Circular Six.Y: Yeah--well, I believe Cicular Five revised--there's Circulars One, Two, Three, and Four, which had affected things variouslyin regards to bonuses and what not, bonuses and other fringe benefits. Back in Circular Five as revised came out in 1953. But, prior to that they started increasing the price and to stimulate production and exploration. It was obvious that a price increase was necessary to get private enterprise to work and to get a--to get the proper incentives for mining and ex- ploration, they increased the price on several occasions to come up from a rather low price to practically almost double it, Ibelieve. They established a price of three-fifty a pound, plus fifty cents development allowance which made essentially a four dollar price. This is actually what got the program off onto a free enterprise basis. The money required by industry, or the incentive for industry to invest in uranium exploration miningrequired a price in this range. This actually became the base price for almost ten years. It was quite successful in stimulating2
 Y: exploration and development of our domestic uranium resources.It was done by private industry on this basis. In .fact, I think this is probably the key to success was involving private enter--- prise in the exploration and development of our domestic resources. I don't believe you'd ever accomplish this with any government program, with government expenditures directly into the program. That certainly would not have accomplished the goals.B: You feel that the government couldn't have carried out a program that could have been as successful as a private industry program?Y: I'm sure it would not have. In fact we see this in foreign govern- ments which are socialized, exploration and development of foreign governments which are socialized, exploration and development of foreign resources, and they are not accomplishing a purpose through government programs. The capital required is just not available from tax sources to--to develop their domestic resources as itwouldn't have been from ours. If we'd have had to go to the tax sources for money required to develop domestic resources we'd have never gotten it.B: Was the primary concern of the government at this time getting as much top quality and top grade ore it possibly could in the shortest amount of time?Y: Well, at that time we were willing to get any kind of material. We did not have the raw materials available in this country. In fact, as3
 Y: late as '51 even, we were looking at--hoping to be able to produce two or three thousand tons of uranium a year from domestic sources and this was a--an optimistic goal. Of course, as you know, we built up our procurement to about seventeen thousand five hundred tons a year. This we never thought possible from our knowledgeof our domestic resources, up to that date.G: What do you attribute th.at--this knowledge--why do--what do you feel is the reason behind this knowledge? Why do you--why did the govern- ment believe that there was so little reserves?Y: Well, there was very little known. In fact we knew very littleabout the nature of occurrence of uranium in the earth's crust. It was a mineral that had never been looked for. We knew practically nothing about it, on a world-wide basis even as to the nature ofthe way uranium occurred. In fact we had no knowledge that it occurred in sedimentary type deposits as this country has found itto occur. The only major deposits that we knew about was Chicalobic type deposits which are a hydrothermal type of deposit in Africa and the--or the vein type of deposits in Canada--Great Beat Lake. These are the kinds of things that we started to look for. The fact is, it took four or five years before we began to realize that you couldhave extensive sedimentary type deposits. We knew about the, of course, the sedimentaty type uranium-vanadium ores, but even today in the Uravan Mineral Belt, they occur in rather small deposits, ahundred thousand ton deposit of six pound ore is a big deposit. We did not realize that you could find multi-million ton deposits like4
 Y: we're finding in Grants, New Mexico and then in Wyoming. We hadnot realized that these type of deposits could even occur. In fact, we know of no other place in the world where they occur, but weknow they can occur. In fact, they probably occur in the Argentine.They should occur in other parts of the world, but they haven't been found yet. Well, I shouldn't say they haven't been found because in Niger in Africa, the French have come up with somethingthat looks very similar, but they've just begun to explore and exploit them. In fact, the French C.E.A., The French Atomic Energy Commission, got the idea of looking for these deposits from observing ours.The main reason we underestimated, we didn't know they could occur this way. Factors from our domestic industry venturing out into new geologic settings or habitats that led us one step at a time; we moved into these and found out they did occur. Of course, the Big Indian deposits were probably the first ones we saw that we reallybegan to recognize that they could occur in these types of occurrences. Big Indian deposit in Utah. Of course, this relates to Charlie Steen's discovery.G: Uh huh. What do you feel is the reasoning behind the lack of in~est- igation into the Shinarump and Chinle deposits--the formations?Y: You mean earlier?G: Uh huh.Y: Well, think it was ignorance of the fact that they did occur, in this size. Of course, we got into the Chinle deposits only by accident in5
 Y: looking at the outcrops of the Triassic in the Big Indian which were under land. The Triassic has never been fully explored. Theyseem to be somewhat lower grade, marginal, than prices willing to pay, but this may not be s-o in the long run. Of course, Charlie Stein drilling for the Triassic found the Chinle by accident. There is no question about that.G: During this period of the early years when you--when you came here during '52--no, during t53, how many people were involved in the A.E.C. exploration program?Y: Oh, I have forgotten exactly, but there were several programs going on. One, the A.E.C. had a contract with the U.S. Geological Survey and they probably had a hundred or more involved in the Colorado Plateau exploring basically the salt wash deposits, the Colorado Plateau uranium deposits. At the same time we had another program looking a little further out with the A.E.C. in which we had an exploration division. A group here in Grand Junction which was being directed by the Raw Materials Group out of New York, which probably had another eighty or ninety people involved. Now, in addition, the New York Group in '53 had programs and offices inSalt Lake City; Spokane, Washington; Bakersfield, California; Phoenix, Arizona; and Grants, New MeKico; which they were looking at, the Delta Limestone deposits, and in Rapid City, South Dakota, pretty well scattered throughout the West. So the program, the total program was probably several hundred geologists involved in the total search at that time on the A.E.C. staff. Probably, there6
 Y: about four to five hundred people involved in the search in about 1953. This has been built up as a program starting back in about'48 or '49, it got built up into a major exploration crew. Ofcourse, on top of this, too, our procurement activities and price,this is rapidly attracting a large number of independent prospectors, some professionals, a lot of them untrained, and some professionals-- in the search for uranium. So I presume there were several thousand people actively engaged in the search for uranium in the early fifties.G: With the success of the program there was a curtailment of exploration by the A.E.C. and what would you attribute that to?Y: Well, I think this goes back to strictly a military requirement had been met. I think .this was recognized in a speech by Jesse Johnson in October--about 1957, I think--if you would look you would find it. Either October of '56 or '57, I'm not sure of the date. You'llfind that he first indicated, and I believe it was '57, that we were meeting our military needs and we could see that we were going to have procurement that would meet all our military needs or practically,we were going to be in excess of our needs. And therefore, thiswas aámulti-million dollar program running three and four hundred million a year at the peak. This was something certainly that the government couldn't continue, and we had to put a ceiling on it,and phase it back down to something that we could live with. Of course, there was another objective running through this whole thing. That was the peaceful use of atomic energy and we had created amajor industry that was the base for peaceful uses, and I mean7
 Y: basically, atomic energy or electric power. This, I think, was anticipated perhaps as much as five or ten years earlier than it's turning out to be. So after creating an industry at high cost for military with government funds where you didn't probably want tokill it and lose this investment. So this program instead ofcutting it off as many programs have done and collapsing-the whole industry, we moved into a downgrading o:f our procurement activity, trying to maintain a procurement base, that would maintain this industry to carry over into a peaceful, a peaceful use. This has been one reason we have seen this reduction, but leveling off through the period of the sixties basically, although our procurementstarted to cut back in 1958. Then we put a ceiling on it, and then we've leveled the procurement down over the years. In fact, we sawwe weren't going to be able to keep alive on the program that we had projected I think to end in 19--about '66. So we got into a 'stretch- out program' and stretched our program out and reduced our level ofour procurement without increasing our obligation into four moreyears, I guess. Till about--we're just ending it--1970. It ends the end of this year, which is the end of the 'stretch out program' which was to bridge that gap of the military program to a peaceful uses program to have a uranium base and supply for our nuclear power program.G: Do you feel this stretch-out program was successful?Y: I think it--yes, I think it was. I think unless we had done that, we would not have a private industry--private industry could not have bridged the gap. The investments we had made in developing a uranium program would have been practically lost. Investments in mills, and8
 9 Y: plants, and mines would have went down, and industry could not havebridged this gap on its own. We'd have had to re-establish every- thing, at a high cost again, because the technology would have tended to have gotten lost, the plants would become obsolete and been scrapped, and we would have had to start all over again. Of course, from a different technical phase. ~ut we'd have had to re- create our basic investment into establishing new production, so .B: Speaking--earlier we were speaking of exploration, and I was wondering, did many of the A.E.C. geologists or field people ever make anylarge discoveries?Y: No, I don't believe we can say that. There were no large discoveries made by either the U.S.G.S. or the A.E.C. in our program. I think, in my mind, the major discoveries were made by private industry through our help or buying and setting programs for private industry. I think we provided clues and technical background for some of these dis- coveries, but no, we did not make them. In fact, we cut off our pro- gram fairly early in drilling in exploration. Now the U.S.G.S. limited their program to the salt wash deposits by nature which were not bigin themselves. Although we extended--! think that this did extend and did provide background for the private industry in the Uravan Mineral Belt to go out and explore. We took, we did get out ahead of themin the Uravan Mineral Belt and showed what could be done by drilling, to extend their deposits and extend their production phase in theUravan Mineral Belt. But when you're--and we in the A.E.C. (this gets into a land withdrawal activity) did move out and point out areas of
 10Y: favorability for private exploration, which we finally closedoff mainly because private industry (which we were hoping would happen) became so aggressive in exploration, the minute we moved to an area that looked favorable to us, they immediately staked it up and started drilling on their own. Of course, this is exactly what we wanted, because we wanted private investment, not govern- ment investment. In fact, they got so aggressive, we could not plan a program because the minute we moved in, they were right benind us and were staking claims. Before we could get the land withdrawn, it was staked up and they were already exploring. So we did have a beneficial program in that respect. But in time,as I pointed out, they became so aggressive that our field geologists could hardly move and we would move back out. This was our purpose anyway. We did not want to invest our money in discovery. We, I think, provided the incentive for exploration. We moved out, the private industry did the job, which was very fine. I think this is the way it should have been, and the big discoveries, in a way, came after we pulled back and got out of the exploration business on ourown and provided only the general geologic research, geologic con- cepts and this sort of thing. Because discovery had become a burden to us and private industry, as you might well imagine--it was govern-ment founded, and getting back to a problem that came up--we withdrew our lands to prevent a windfall to an individual. But in doing that we created another problem. We found the discovery in our hands, so we had to lease it out, and the minute we get into this area, we get in and get in the role of private enterprise, freely operating. Butwe could see this, so this is why we pulled back from withdrawal,
 Y: restored as much land as we could and got out of the exploration business because we did not want to compete with private industry. In fact, we have forty square miles withdrawn to date that we had not been able to restore because we do have uranium reserves thatwe discovered, or the U.S.G.S. discovered~ that we are now attempt-ing to get into a leasing program to get it back into private hands to complete the exploration and the production from these mines.To some degree this became a hindrance rather than a help and that's why we pulled back. Because we really, I don't think, wanted it.We wanted it in the hands of private industry. So we've still got problems of getting it back into the hands of private industry to produce it. In fact, we never entered into any mining programs except as one experimentally, one on our own, and that was for a very short duration.3: Un huh. You speak of--pardon me--of the leasing. Now at the time of the uranium program was being established, two alternatives were being weighed for granting leases; one being competitive biddingand the other, well, the commission, or the panel in charge of granting the leases would take into consideration the applicant's experience and financial stability. Now why was competitive biddingnot chosen?Y: Well, the reason we got into selective selection goes back in history. We withdrew these lands and then in the early stages in the late forties and early fifties, we coult not get anybody interested in these lands to even take them on. We had to go out and solicit11
 Y: people to take one of these leases, to get them to go in and mineit. In fact, the major mining companies--we couldn't even interest them in it. Skidmore, our number one lessee, was not an outstand-ing miner at the time; he was a rancher and a bean farmer. We hadto encourage him to take on one of these leases, and they became demonstration projects in fact. Now he was quite successful withthe lease as we had hoped, and the second one was the same way, and the third. As time went by it became apparent to others that this wasa very economic type of an operation and in five years we had more demand for leases than we wanted to give out. The situation changed from one for stimulating people to take them to one of people begging to get them. Of course, when you move from one end of the spectrum to the other, later then, it is obvious that you should be in a competitive position. We began to get all kinds of complaints.When people want what you got, it's quite different than when they didn't--weren't too interested in what you had to offer. It became very difficult to manage and supervise a selection of a lessee. When we started this was the only way we could get it going. Whenwe ended were were obviously in a position where we should offer a competitive bid. That's no question about it. In fact, I was in- volved deeply in a management of a leasing program at that time andI was certainly glad to see a competitive situation develop and that's the way it should be. Although it came about at about the time whenwe were moving into the overproduction stage so by the time we got into a competitive regulation which was Circular Eight, which is still in effect, well, we didn't want to lease it. We didn't want to put12
 13 Y: out any more leases, and we never actually implemented, althoughit looks like we actually may at this--within the next few monthsmay be implementing that circular on a competitive basis. But itwas a very difficult thing from the administrative side, to administer. A leasing program should obviously be competitive. But that is notthe way it started. We started in one situation and found ourselves in the other. And we got many complaints about selection of lessees, and obviously any program where you select a lessee, when you havea number of applicants it's very difficult, in fact, it gets im- possible to select between you and you and probably equally as good, and you try--probably the only thing you can do is. to use your judgement in selecting the man you thought would do the best job. This is very difficult, because obviously there might have been ten people who could have done a good job and the guy who didn't get the lease always thought he was the best man, so you are always in trouble. Of course, this kind of a method of leasing had to end.It was fine when we started. In fact, it was the only thing we could do, but when we wound up, I guess the only thing to do was to cease to issue leases on a selective basis because-these were valuable leases and a lot of money involved. Selecting any one person getting in, you couldn't defend it really any longer. So it ended.B: Well, in the end now, wasn't a situation created which was similar to that which would have been apparent with competitive bidding?What I'm saying, is large companies, like U.S.V.C. getting a lease when they would subcontract maybe eight or nine, to eight or nine
 E: independent miners? So in other words we were--you were creatinga situation that was similar to what may have been created if com- petitive bidding had been used and private industry had also employed sub-contractors? Isn't that true to a certain extent?Y:Well, I'm not quite sure I can answer your question. Actually with regard to--and this goes back again to a situation developed. In order to get millers to produce concentrate for us and to get in- centive to get into the milling business, we actually--substantial blocks of ground were given to Union Carbide and V.C.A., and also to Climasá, as leases to get them to invest in plants and provide themwith a production base for their plant investment. We were wanting the yellow cake in the worst way because we were buying it all over the world and we wanted to establish a basis at home. This was in- centive also to get mills. Now, what they in fact did is what you said. They in turn sub-leased these back to get production and theybecame on a selective basis, they selected their sub-lessees whichwe had nothing to do with. But actually, subsequent to that period we did lease individually, a number of leases to individuals to supplement production. We had requirements in milling contracts that they had to take this ore and treat it in preference to perhaps some- thing else they may have had. We bought the yellow cake from the mills. So there was--we were buying the end product all the time then so they had an--actually a guaranteed market. The miller and the miner both had a guaranteed market. Of course, this made thewhole system work. I'm not sure that I really answered your question.14
 Y:It got rather complicated and detailed what was going on.We were wanting yellow cake. We didn't want ore, we wanted yellow cake which had to go into the production chain for atomic weapons. This is what we were after. In the early days we had to have it atalmost any price, and we were in an arms race with Russia, and we had to have it. We had the Korean War going and we had to have a national defense system built up. We weren't near as choosey about what we paid for the end product as we are today.Was it possible for the mills to decrease the prices paid to the miners or were the ... ?No, it was not.Or were the minimum prices put on . . . ?Minimum prices were put in our milling contracts and they had to pay these prices. This was a requirement of the milling contract. That's right. They had no choice.Did the government ever consider building its own mills?We had one mill of our own at Monticello, which we operated partlyas a demonstration plant and partly as a, in the early days, to get production, to get an investment and get milling facilities established. We operated this for a number of years and closed it down again, wewere not interested in being in competition with private industry.In fact, this gets into private enterprise again. Private enterprise,B:Y:B:Y:G:Y:15
 Y:in our experience always could produce materials cheaper than the government could produce it itself. Our plant, for several reasons, was a demonstration plant in the early part. One where we're chang-ing in technology very, very rapidly in those days. So we were amorti- zing improvements over very short periods of time. Again, we could never manage a milling facility as cheap as private enterprise cmulddo it. We didn't have the flexibility to operate to make change ona timly basis to do the things necessary to get economy that you could get through private enterprise.Once it had been established that the United States did indeed con- tain large ore reserves and large bodies of lode--contained consider- able ore, how did this affect government purchasing policy with re- gards to foreign ore?Well, we immediately stopped extending any contracts we had and to phase out foreign procurement. Actually all foreign procurement has been phased out since I think about 19--I can't be sure--'62 or '64at about this period of time, all foreign procurement was phased out, but again, in order to get foreign governments and their private enter- prise, particularly in Canada and South Africa to make the investments they had to make, we had to give long enough term contracts that they could make the capital investments and amortize their plants and facilities and get their money back with a profit. So, you couldn'tmake one year contracts. You had to make five, six, and ten year con- tracts, in order to establish an industry in those countries. We had to run them out, and we did, although we have been criticized for this--forB:Y:16
 Y: giving those long term contracts. But if we hadn't done it, we couldn't have had the products. So, this had to be done. When we did see it, we did phase them out. Of course, theG:'stretch-out' program only applied to our own and--maintenance of an industry only applied to our own industry. Canada'shad to do the same thing in Canada but with Canadian funds, not American funds. South. Afri.cans h.ave done the same thing. They've had to get into 'stretch-out' programs with their own funds, not ours. They have done this, of course. Not probably as extensively as we have but--so Canada has inventories of yellow cake th.at the government has bought. South Africa does too, just to maintain their industries during this interim period between the military programs which is basically support of the free world and this involved Great Britain. A.E.C. and the combined development agency was a secret pact between Great Britain and the United States to finance development of foreign production and South Africa and Portugal and Australia, whichwere developed with U.S. funds and funds from Great Britain. These countries really control the proliferation of the atomic weapons through the pool of these agencies and the technology. The French were not involved here.Now you mentioned that the A. E. C. was. criticized for stretching out these programs. Now I realize that many of the independent miners have damned the A.E.C. for being incompetent. What areyour feelings on that matter?17
 Y: Well, of course, any government agency always gets always damned for being incompetent. Of course, they always make these comments probably in light of not knowing all the problems that the A.E.C. was faced in making the deci.Sions that they had to make. I thinkwe were damned for going abroad, for making these foreign procure- ments programs abroad. Of course, the policy makers were having another problem which was the defense of the United States andthe free world and they weren't about to gamble that versus pro- curements in the Uravan Mineral Belt for the small miner. Theyfelt they had to do this. They made the decisions at a time whenall the facts weren't available. I'm sure if we knew all the ans- wers, they--probably the decisions would have been quite different. Certainly they--I'm sure the policy makers didn't buy from Canada because they wanted to but because they felt they had to do this in order to provide the raw materials necessary for our defense. It turned out that we could have procured a lot closer to home. Weknow this now, and once we found this out, we did not extend our programs. But, this had to be done at the time. At least theyfelt it had to be done, and I'm--it would appear that they wereright in 1948 and '49 and up to as late as '51, '52, '53, and perhaps'54. In '54, '55, '56, and '57, this--our resource position be- came--began to become apparent. These policies began to change. But contracts you can't change on short notice. You're going tohave to live with them.18
 B: To what extent was. there government control over the uranium industry on the Colorado Plateau?Y: Well, I guess it was es.s.entially complete in that we were thesole buyer. If you want--when you control the market, I guessyou essentially control the industry, and since you're the only buyer, I guess we were in control. We were in control to theextent that we set the price, we negotiated for the production,we paid for all the plants out of our negotiated contracts, weset the production rates.. I suppose the control is complete when you are a monoply, which we were. We were a complete monopoly essentially, actually, until oh--this most recent buying programby private industry which started, what, '56 and '57. We were essentially a monoply until that time. Any time you're a monoply, you're going to be criticized. There's no question about it. Because any time you're dictating what you do and which at leastthe producer feels he's. being dictated to by the buyer, which we were, you're always going to be criticized about how you managethe program. We were a monoply and we did have complete control. Not because we wanted to, but that was the nature of the situation. Actually we're moving out very rapidly. In fact, at the end of this year, from the standpoint of production, we will be completely out of it. Of course, we were--many of the small producers werewishing we were back in becaus.e we, in many respects, we took a paternalistic view towards these people and carried them along for years.. But now it's free enterprise and we're not there to19
 Y: protect them from markets, or disabuse in the markets, or assuring them they've got a market with a plant which we did for many years. Actually this year we have a paragraph 13 on our stretch-out program which says any producer otherwise not having a market on the program will buy ten thousand pounds each six months--it's going. They're just out of a market. They must compete and this is rather difficult. In fact, many of the small producers will be gone, simply because they can't compete in a free world in a dome.stic situation.B: On the subject of security restrictions, during the '49 to '54 period, what type of information was not available to the in- dependent miner who would come to the A.E.C. and ask for information?1Y~available. Our production information in regard to quantities was not available because they were withholding it for military reasons because we were not in a good position, so we were not advertising to the Iron Curtain countries what our--how serious our position was in regards to the supply that eased as time went on. As we become more comfortable, obviously, I suppose we finally began to feel that we were in a better position thanthey were and we might let them know it in a few ways, but actually, it was not available. Now technology was available to our contractors. In fact, we had large research programs. TheWell, I think all military requirements information was notsecurity facilities were mainly to keep the technology away from20
 21 Y: the Iron Curtain countries. But we were trying to spread itas rapidly as possible to our own producers. So, I think any- thing, production, technology-wise, would enhance production by Iron Curtain countries were this security information known.But it was not withheld from the people that had the need toknow, within our own country, because we were trying to makefree enterprise work. So, this type of technology information certainly was available to them. But, of course, they were obligated to maintain security in their plants. I'm not sure I'm really answering your question but this is--practically all infor- mation was security information but not on a need-to-know basis.It wasn't security to the government. It was only security for-- private enterprise had it available to them on a need-to-know basis.B: Prior to 1954, it seems that an issue of great concern to the mining industry was the conduct of operations on land that was governed by oil and gas leases. Can you elaborate on this?Y: Well, I would have to look a little bit back in history, butoil and gas leases at one point in time were not open to mineral entry. The Commission through the joint committee got legis- lation passed to get them open to mineral entry so they couldbe taken under the mining laws rather than being leased under leasing programs by the Commission. This is another policy within the Commission to move everything to private enterprise.
 Y:We wanted to keep out of this leasing programs, removinglands--to make all lands possible, available for mineral entryunder the mining laws. by private enterprise. In other words,we did not want to get into leasing programs or administrationof these lands or control of--direct government control of the production from these lands. which you had to get into if theywere not open under the mining laws. Now, this is also true ofsome coal lands for multi.ple usáe. We opened--got some of the coal lands available also to mineral entry--to get title in the handsof private enterprise. Now, as you probably know by reading, all uranium was withdrawn for use by the government. Theoretically, we could have prevented any private enterprise from taking any uranium, but we didn't. The policy was always to move and make availableto private enterprise, the exploitation of the uranium. We, the policy makers thought this was the most efficient way to get thejob done. I think it's right. I don't think there's any question about it. We never would have done the job as a government agency on: a leasing program or a control that would inhibit private enter- prise from operating in the usual manner.Has. the Atomic Energy Commission ever been the object of any lawsuits?Oh, yes. I think mostly in the area of some of our milling con- tracts, I think in one cas.e the lack of granting a contract on several occasions, where we did not issue contracts. This cameB:Y:when we were trying to cut back our procurements; they had claimed22
 Y: we had an outstanding offer to buy all uranium produced. We didn't feel that we did, and that we had to give contracts.We were sued, I think, on two occasions for this reason. Ithink one is the Northwest laws.uit, and one by Cotter Corporation, and I'm not sure I'm complete on all of these. On one other occasion, we were sued for lack of payment for vanadium in theore, and this was by Industrial Minerals and we lost that case. They felt we should have paid and bought the vanadium production. We did not want the vanadium production and we felt that we did not have an obligation to, but the courts decided we should have so they got paid for it. The vanadium went in the tailings and we didn't want to pay them for the cost of doing it, because we were stockpiling it and there was no use and no sale and it was just another burden on the taxpayer. They felt our circulars apparently required that we should have done this and we didn't. Of course, that's the way the suit went and we paid it. That was the reason for not doing it but apparently the courts felt wehad made the offer and that we should have paid for it, so we had to. That is the only case we lost in regard to our circulars.We have been sued on several other occasions for people feeling that we were not fulfilling our offer on our circulars. I think this is the only one that I can recall that we lost.G: I have just one last question. Do you think that the Atomic Energy Commission has fulfilled its purpose?Y: In total? Well, that's probably beyond my position to answer.23
 G: What about just here in the Colorado Plateau, as far as pro- duction and resources go?Y: I would think and I think the Conmission might think so too, because we have not extended our procurement program--we have fulfilled our purpose insofar as our military needs, which is the only reason for getting here. We've highly fulfilled our purpose in terms of establishing industry that is the base for providingthe uranium resources for peaceful uses. I'm thinking of nuclear power in this. We've created a basic industry which seems to have the vitality to meet our future uranium needs. Now, as you know, we do have a program and a continuing one and that's why I putin the qualification, and I think that the Commission is con- tinuing its office as a group to evaluate our production capabil- ity and the status of the industry, to see whether or not, as time continues, that we have accomplished our goals in this area. That from the standpoint of people uses, to what extent does the govern-ment need to, or may need to get into research, development, technology, and also to, in another area, as the owner of a sub- stantial surplus, how it should be disposed on the conmercialmarket without upsetting private industry. To do this you need to know what the competitive situation is, what the economics are. So you don't necessarily get in again and dump into the marketplacea lot of uranium and substantially hurt the private enterprisethat we have created. In other words, we've gone this far with this amount of money is no reason why we should move in and dump in the24
 Y: market surpluses of uranium and put our production down and cripple our industry. Also--also we need in this area--we need to evaluate the world's resource position and competition with our domestic industry. Because we now, as you know, have an embargo on imports and if we were to let down this barrier pre- maturely, foreign governments which we know have excess supplies may dump on our market and do the same thing we would do if we would dump our--our surplus of material and hurt the--hurt our-- our uranium economy. And so I think these are several areas in which the Commission is vitally interested in the two problemsthey're going to have to solve in time is the disposal of stocks and open up the country for imports. in competition with our own industry we've created. So there is a need for an evaluation group, an economic evaluation, the status of our domestic industry. Whether or not our resources are developing at a rate which will meet our projected needs for nuclear power. Because these arelong term problems and when the problem's here, it's probably too late to do anything about it because there is at least--probably at least a ten to fifteen year lead time involved, which you can see if you keep studying the problem, that you've got a problem, you haven't got a problem. If you don't work on the problem tenyears in advance, the problem arises, you can't do anything aboutit. So, this is one reason for the continuation of this office asan evaluation group. So I don't think our role is probably complete- ly gone, but our paternal role probably has, undoubtedly has.B: Okay, thank you very much.G: Thank you. "25