 TONY PESTOTNIK Price , UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project No 24July 3, 1982American West Center University of UtahMarriott Libaray Salt Lake City, Utah
 TONY PESTOTNIKJULY 3, 1982Table of ContentsBackground InformationThe 1922 Mine StrikeWorking Conditions In The MinesMiner ' s Camp Baseball LeagueLouise Pestonik's Background InformationExperiences with Dr Needles and Other Company Doctors 46 Impressions of Carbon County Coal Mines 53 Differences Between Early and Current Mining Practices 571717 23 36
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH TONY PESTOTNIK ON JULY 3, 1982 IN P R I C E , UT AH. THE INTERVIEWER I S NANCY T A NIGUCHI.TONY PESTOTNIK I S THE OLDER BROTHER OF LOUIS PESTOTNIK J R . , WHOM I HAVE ALREADY INTERVIEWED. TONY WAS BORN IN SCOFIELD IN 1911 AND WORKED FOR A NUMBER OF YEARS IN SUNNYSIDE, UTAH AND I S AN ARDENT MEMBER OF THE UNITED MINE WORKERS OF AMERICA.[TONY PESTOTNIK'S WIFE, LOUISE, IS ALSO PRESENT]NT The records will go into the Coal Mining Archives there at the University of Utah, the transcript of this If there is a time you want to stop and think or anything you can ask me and I'll turn it off, it doesn't have to run continuously. But it's easier to put it on a tape to get what everybody said Now, you wrote down that you were born in Scofield in 1911TP Yes, ma'amNT Where did your parents come from?TP: Well, my mother came from Germany and my dad came fromAustria.NT Yes, which part?TP And they were married over there You mean in Austria?Where in the hell was it? They talk quite a bit aboutLoubon and all but that's all I know, you knowNT Y es, was your mother German?TP My mother was German, she was full blooded German.NT And where was she from in Germany?TP Well, I couldn't tell you that either, you know, I neverdid, I can't remember where she said LP: I don't know if Bruce might know that TP No, I don't think so
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982LP:TP:NT: TP: NT: TP:He doesn't know it either. You were born in Winter Quarters.I was born in Winter Quarters on the 25th of June, 1911 and when I started school and when I was six years old, all I could speak was German.Really?That's right.So your father spoke German too?The way I understand it, mother was telling me they had quite a courtship going I guess because when Dad wanted to say anything, to tell my mother anything he would have to tell her father and he would tell her in Austrian because he could speak both languages you see. Mother likewise, if she wanted to tell my dad something he could speak German too you see.So it had to all go through her father?So it all had to go back through her parents you know.(Laughter) Back and forth, that was quite a courtship I would imagine. Then Mother she learned the Austrian language and when they came to this country she learned the Austrian language and then the English language but she forgot German but then when we were kids that's allshe spoke to us was German.But she spoke Slovenian later.Yes and then we'd speak what little we knew you know andNT: TP:LP: TP:2
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982we don't speak much now anyway, just a few words.NT: Where did your parent's meet?TP: In Germany. My dad and her father were working togetherin a coal mine in Germany you see and that's how theymet.NT: How did they know to come to Winter Quarters or even toAmerica?TP: Well, when Dad, he came first and then he went and sentfor my mother's parents and her and then they all threecame to this country. It was 1902 when they came over. NT: Where did they come to in this country?TP: To Winter Quarters, they came directly to WinterQuarters.NT: How did they hear of it?TP: I guess through some other concern you know, that theyneeded people to work in the mines and they worked in the mines back there you know and that's how they got into Winter Quarters up there.NT: How long did your family stay in Winter Quarters?TP: Oh, we lived off and on back and forth in Scofield and Dad worked down there in the Kinny Mine, he worked in the UP Mine down at Scofield and he worked at Winter Quarters because he was pretty well known and he was an awful hard worker and that ' s the reason that he never had no problem getting a job up there you see. Then Mother and Dad were3
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982married. They got married and they lost their first boy that was born, he was stillborn. Then my sister Mary, she was next, there was five of us, three sisters and two brothers, three girls and two boys. We lost a sister and a brother.NT: Oh, that's too bad. How long did you stay up in that area?TP: Well, we left Scofield when I was about nine years old, nine to about ten, I would say ten years old when I left Scofield and then I worked down on this county all the time, I never did go back up there. I never did work in the mines up there.NT: When you left Scofield, where did you go?TP: When we left Scofield we moved to Spring Glen.NT: Spring Glen doesn't have a mine. (Laughter)TP: No, then we were down there, I imagine oh, ten years orso and Dad and I , then I started working in Castle Gate Number Two with my dad in 1926. Boy, everything was pick loaded, I mean contract work done with a shovel, you know, pick and shovel is all there was, there is no machinery or nothing like that. Mules and horses in number two and from number two we was transferred over, we asked for a transfer to number three and I drove mules and that in number three .NT: When you came to Spring Glen what did you do?4
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: I was going to school down in Spring Glen.NT: What did your father do?TP: My dad he was working in the mine, he worked, oh, heworked in Gordon Creek, Consumers, and all those places up there in Spring Canyon and I wasn't quite sixteen when I went underground.NT: Did your mom work too?TP: No, she didn't, no, heaven's no. Those days there werevery few women working.NT: Well, some had boarding houses and some--TP: That's right.NT: But your mom didn't?TP: No.NT: When you came in 1926 to Castle Gate were you at allworried because there had been that big explosion in1924.TP: No, Dad and I worked there, you see the first explosionwas 1924. NT: Right.TP: And the second was 1928.NT: Were you caught in that one?TP: No, there was no one in the mine at that time when thatone blew open. I was sick, I had the queasy and I was--we went up at the same time with my dad when he was going to work that morning and my sister Mary was delivering up5
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982Widow Creek Canyon right up the top and when we stopped the car there. I was going to see the doctor anyway and I was sick and like I say Dad was going to go to work but she come out and she was laughing and hollering there and crying and she said that the mine had blown up at four o'clock that morning you see. They [were] shooting the shots on the switch from the outside to prepare coal underground you see. They had everything hooked up and then the fire boss would be outside and then he threw the switch and that would set them off inside, you see. That's the only way they show up there for quite a few years.NT: What kind of mine was the Castle Gate Number Two or Number Three, was it gassy or was it wet?TP: Number Two was very gassy, you bet, along the walls, we called them ribs you know, the old timers we call them ribs but they are actually the walls of the face you know and there would be water along there and it would boiljust like water on tea kettle from the gas comingthrough, you bet.NT: How did you feel about having to go to work in that mineas opposed to another?TP: Pretty scary at times, you bet, pretty scary at times andthey tell me that before that, before they brought these electric lamps in they were using, they had carbide6
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982lamps, if they were drilling a hole or anything like that they could hear this hissing in there and they would take their light and put it on there and it would just blow the flame clear out like that. (Laughter)NT: Oh!TP: You bet, you bet.NT: When you went in it did they have the electric lamps? TP: Oh yes, we had the battery lamps then.NT: How was your family effected by the strike of 1922?TP: How were they effected, well in the strike of 1922 wewere in Scofield. NT: You were?TP: Yes, in 1922. Well, there was nobody working then.NT: So what did you do?TP: No, excuse me, we lived in Spring Glen I believe at thetime of the 1922 strike and then it would work, there would just be a few men working which they called scabs, you know and that's about all. Then they'd bring these different organizations to try to come in and organize our union and things like that. They had one at National, hell they had barricades and everything else, fences andjust like acres down there, fenced in and put people down there and living like they were animals you know.(Chuckle)NT: What do you remember personally about 1922?7
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: Oh, I hardly think 1922 and I can reelect with that, tell me, you know.NT: What did he say about it?TP: Well, he said it was about, let's see now, let me see ifthat was 1922 when we lived clear up to Scofield, I'm pretty sure it was 1922. From Winter Quarters, there was a sheriff up Winter Quarters I believe it was by the name of Dougherty, Dokerty his name was and he came down and that was it, 1922 he came down to Scofield and when their train came in to pick up the payroll for the men that were working up there and hell it opened up just like war, there was firing shots and everything and practically knocked his horse out from under him. But the horse stayed alive until he got up to cross the line up to Winter Quarters and the horse died. He never did get hurt, he had a bullet proof vest on it and everything but they did shot the horse and killed the horse. Then there was like this here, like Mr. Jarvey he was sitting on the porch but that wasn't close, that was in the back of thestreet where he lived and all this went on in the Main Street and the way he was firing, he got hit in the shoulders, just sitting on the porch there. I can remember that well because that's where we is up at Winter Quarters at that time. Then all these guys, all the people from Scofield, like over in Kinny, there was8
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982a few men working there and my dad never did go to work during the strike or anything like that. Hell, then they brought the militia in and heck if we wanted to go fishing or anything like that we'd have to go down to their office and they'd give us a permit because they had guards, you know, in and out you know and if we went fishing we would have to go at a certain time and at a time that was on your permit and you had to be back at the time that was on that permit. You bet, it was bad there for a while you know, until they kind of got settled down.NT: The national guard then was even in the town of Scofield? TP: Oh yes, they lived right down there, they had their tents , horses , and everything right there, the m ilitiadid, you bet.NT: How long after that did you go down to Spring Glen?TP: Well, then we moved, then right after that, I believe itwas around 1923 because we lived in Castle Gate and in Spring Glen in 1924 when Castle Gate blew up the first time.NT: What do you remember about that?TP: Of Castle Gate, I don't, I just knew about the explosionis all but I do remember 1928 that there was nobody inthere at that time .NT: Where was your father working in 1924 when Castle Gate9
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982blew up?TP: Up in Consumers, he worked at Consumers at that time. NT: What was your dad's name?TP: Louie. That's junior here that we have now and his namewas Louie too.NT: What was your Mom's name?TP: Helen.NT: What was her maiden name?TP: Holmgritz.NT: Holmgritz.TP: Yes, Holmgritz is her maiden name.NT: Have you got any other family around here besides youknow, your brother and that? TP: No.LP: Yes, you got family here, you got your sister.TP: Oh, my sister Mary B. Jack, yes, my sister and Helen. NT: Have you got any cousins or any aunts and uncles?TP: No, nothing around here that I know of, they are all backin Detroit.LP: You have a sister in Montana.TP: And a sister in Montana.NT: How come you got all these relations back in Detroit? TP: I can't remember just what year they left Hiawatha. Theylived at Hiawatha for--my uncle, he worked at Hiawatha and I can't remember just what year they would--him and10
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982his son in law and that. They all went back to Detroitand a whole bunch are back there.NT: Do you think they are ever going to come out this wayagain?TP: No, oh heaven's no. My uncle Nat is dead and I got threecousins back there and they're all bachelors and thegirls are married. All three bachelors living together. LP: They are in the automobile business.TP: Yes, they work for Chrysler and all them places that havean automobile factory there.NT: So after you went to work at Castle Gate, how long wereyou there or did you just go--TP: In Castle Gate, well we worked Castle Gate until about1928, the fall of 1928 and then Dad and I went to Spring Canyon and from Spring Canyon, we were at Spring Canyon and I landed about four months, about four or five months and then from Spring Canyon we went to Standardville. We were trying to make a living up there but you couldn't so, in the fall of 1930, yeah, the fall of 1929 rather around September, we went to Hiawatha in the 1930s. Then we worked up there oh, hell I worked up at Mohrland until, what time was it, we got married in '38 and we left, it was that summer or that fall that we moved in 1938 was that we transferred over to Hiawatha. Let's see we transferred to, they shut Mohrland down, they shut11
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982that mine down and transferred over to Mohrland to Hiawatha and then we worked at Hiawatha until about 1943 and that ' s when my sister Marry, her husband got killed up there and that kind of scared me out so I quit in July of 1943 and then we went to Midvale and we were working out there during the War and all that. Then in 1947 I came back to Hiawatha and worked there another year and then I quit there and I went to Kaiser in 1948. I stayed up there at Kaiser until I retired in 1974.So you ' ve been to most of the camps around here. You bet, you bet.You missed Kenilworth.NT :TP:NT :TP: I have, we weren't up Kenilworth, I never did work inthat mine and some of the mines up at Spring Canyon I never did work and I never did work in the Wattis or anything weird like that.LP: Tell her how you had to work when your dad first took you in the mine and you had to use the pick and shovel.TP: Oh, that's all there was in that, pick and shovel, if that shovel wasn't working you wasn't making nothing, that's all, you wouldn't make none. They didn't pay for anything. Like when you went to work into a mine, you know, in them days it was contract, everything you had you had to buy everything, you had to buy your machines, you had to buy your car, you had to buy your drills and12
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982all that. You had to pack all that in and if you quit you packed it all and they never hauled nothing for you. You was just like a mule, you packed everything in and out when you left. Then you had to buy your own powder in the mine and if you, say like if I went to, likely we went Spring Canyon up there was contract work and they'd give you this one and they called it rooms and cross cuts you know. The room is where they go straight ahead and these tributaries that they take off they called cross cuts from one room to another for air you know, to circulate your air in there. They'd put in the room and when you first started in there you maybe spent in there, worked a couple of days. You would just go in there and work from eight and nine hours to prepare to get your coal ready to load, you know. That was all free; you give all that away. You never got a dime for it and if you had, some rails to extent your track or something like that you'd have to go steal rails and stuff like that, the company would give you spikes, maybe three or four spikes and you would make damn sure that you used them too. Hell , you bet , we'd steal the ties and take ties and steal jumper rails and everything like that, you know.NT: Where did you get them from?TP: You'd say to the next place and see if your neighbors,you ' d call them neighbors or something like that had a 13
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982pair of rails there and you would keep your eyes on them and if he didn't use them and you needed them then you'd steal them you know and he would do likewise to you.NT: Was there ever any hard feelings between miners?TP: NT: TP:Oh yes, there would be hard feelings, yes.It sounds like it would be.Then you'd have to do your own tumbler. You'd done allyour own tumbler and you'd drill all your own holes and you'd make all your dummies and you'd have to take magazines from horne, your newspaper and make your dummies and get everything prepared and fix up old and they'd come in and shoot it for you.Was this system the same in all the mines?All the mines were the same in those days, yes. As long as contracting, you know. It was all contract work, they were all the same.Who was it that would give you your room assignment, where you were going to be?Pardon.Who was it that would tell you where in the mine you were going to work?Oh, the boss, the boss would take in you in there and he would say, "This is it . "Was it the foreman?The mine foreman. They would call it the mine foreman andNT: TP:NT:TP: NT:TP:NT: TP:14
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982a pillar boss. They called it a pillar boss. That's all they had, just the two bosses and then they had the Super[intendent] and he was outside and he was head over the whole works and that was it.NT: What did the pilar boss do?TP: Well, he would go around and check. The pilar boss whenyou say these, you mine these rooms out and then on your retreat they call them pillars you see and then he was the one that was in charge of all that. Now, to take them outright, how to take them outright to get a decent cave and things like that you see and he would watch pretty close on that, how you recover the gold you know.NT: What were the foreman's responsibilities?TP: He would go around and hell he had the responsibility of the whole mine. He would have the haulage and all that to take care of you know. Track layers and all the stuff, hehad all that he had to take care of.NT: How did the miners get along with the bosses under thecontract system?TP: You would only see the boss once, once in the morning. Ifhe had something to tell you he'd tell you and if he didn't you'd see, that's all you'd do is see him and never say nothing, maybe say hello or something like that. But Spring Canyon was bad, that was a bad mine up there. You never got anything for nothing. You drive15
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: TP:NT: TP:NT: TP:these rooms and these cross cuts and you'd take the weight you know, you'd take the coal out and the weight comes on and crushes the coal and it makes some of this coal sluff off. To say in the face where you were working would be a solid face and maybe you couldn't pick another pound of coal and maybe you need five or six hundred pounds to finish loading the car. All this coal was back there and it was free coal you know, they call that free coal but that belonged to the company, that wasn't yours. If you drop your car down and to finish maybe put that five or six hundred pounds in there and the boss mine foreman would catch you he'd fire you. They'd fire you. They wouldn't give you nothing, nothing you earned everything you made.But only Spring Canyon was like that.Well, that was the worst one that I know of, yes. That was the worst one that I know of went in.Who owned that mine?Well, the Spring Canyon belonged to hell, what was the name of that? I don't know what the hell his name, theSpring Canyon, that's what they called it.Were the other mines as strict as that?Yes, they were strict but I would say Spring Canyon. Well, it all depends on who your super[intendent] was or what kind of a mine foreman you had, the super mine16
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982foreman was like that then it would be all the same yousee .NT : Yes right , so when they were close then they made it realstrict .TP: Then it was hard on the men, you bet, they were hard onthe men and they'd back each other up to where you couldn't do nothing. They never had no work and the men never had no backing or nothing like that you know, you'd just take your bucket and go out an that was it.NT: Was the foreman sometimes closer to the miners than the super[intendent]?TP: No, I didn't find one closer to the miners them days. Nobody. No, I never did find one that way.NT: When did they stop having contract work?TP: Well, near as I can know of, when they stopped havingcontract work was when we was in Mohrland when they organized the union. That would be in 1933. But then there was still some contract, there was contract work and would you say company coal, they had these loaders start coming in. But when they went fully, fully in the machinery was in, I believe we was in Hiawatha then and I believe it was in the 1940s. It was in the 1940s when they went to all these joy loaders.NT: And up until then it was pick and shovel?TP: There was two sections, there was two entries of these17
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982joy fives, they called them 5BU's and they were on the contract, they were still contract, you see and the men were on contract but when they first got these two joys in they contracted them throughout the different men, to say the operator, helper and motormen and then the company paid them contract wages but it was making good money because they had the machinery you know. Then years back like that in Iowa we went to work one morning and they were living up at Spring Canyon and I mean when we were working up at Spring Canyon and I went to get my lamp and they refused to give me my lamp and I said, "Why?" He said, "You've got to go home." He said, "You loaded some rock yesterday and you got to go see the Super[intendent] and get a slip from him before you can come back to work." So I went home and I went up to see the Super[intendent] in the afternoon and he chewed me out and he told me that before he would give me a slip I had to go over to the tipple and see how much rock I had loaded and when I got over there I was shocked. The kind of scale, they had the rock that I had loaded sacked in a little bag, about a bag about that big and they had one of these store scales over there on the tipple and you lost your shift and you lost the car that you loaded and you had to go get a slip before you go back to work. We went back to work the next morning and he had done the18
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: TP: NT: TP:same to my dad. He sent him home and so we quit there and left.And all that for a little bag of rock, about a foot high? Yes ma'am, I bet there wasn't twenty pounds in there.Do you think maybe they were trying to get rid of you? No, no, because when you shot the place, you got the coal out, in those rooms in the cross cuts you'd take all the coal out you know and peel off at the bottom and your bottom is rock. There would be just a skiff of rock that would stick to the coal and you couldn't get it off and you would load that out and that's what they docked you for. You would lose a whole car. They wouldn't give you a pound for that and you lost the shift and you lost the car and everything.That's terrible.(Giggling) You telling me boy, you telling me!How many trips are you making a day if you were lucky? Well, if you were good and lucky I loaded, well Dad and I, my dad like I say was a hard hard worker and that's when the company shot the coal down and all you had to dois go in there and load it. They was paying fifty-eight cents a ton to do that.That's terrible.(Laughter)How many tons could you load in a day?NT: TP: LP: TP:NT: TP: NT:19
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: Well now, I was just coming to that. There was many a day I can remember Dad and I loading as high as eighteen to twenty-one cars. Those cars would hold three tons and tomake a whole three ton you know they would have to put side boards on them and then you would chunk them up besides that, put chunks aside and then fill all that in. You'd be lucky if they gave the full three ton.NT: Yes.TP: Because the company would steal maybe a ton or half a tonfrom every car. So you figure, oh I'd say go ten cars ashift that would be thirty tons of coal.LP: And all that by hand.TP: And that all by hand, you better believe it was all byhand. You never had no machine to put it in you bet andthat was fifty-eight cents a ton.NT: Did you have to buy your powder at that company store? TP: No, that's when the company shot them.NT: That's when the company shot them.TP: But that's still cheap coal.NT: No kidding!TP: Fifty-eight cents a ton when Dad and I were loading coalfor them.NT: What years would you say that would be?TP: That would be in 1927 and 1928.NT: How many days a week were you working then?20
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: Probably one, two days at the most.NT: How did things go? What were the good years and what werethe bad years for a day's work?TP: Your summers would be awful slow like I say, maybe youwould be working one day a week or two days but then in the falls starting in September you'd probably get two and three days a week which would be wonderful you know, but then days if you made a dollar or had you had a dollar you know, you made good money back but you had to work, you earned it, boy, every bit of it.NT: What about when you went to Mohrland, how often were you working?TP: Well, Mohrland was when we first went over there we worked about three days a week.NT: TP:In the winter?In the fall of the year and then with myself, you see my dad and I were always mostly worked together but in the fall then and in the spring of the year I would get laid off. Then they would rehire me again maybe in the latter part of September and I'd work maybe one or two or threemonths and then they'd lay me off again right after the first of the year.But they would keep your dad working?Then my dad would be on, yes.How come they kept your dad and laid you off if you wereNT: TP: NT:21
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982partners?TP: Well I was a single man you see and he was a family man. NT: So they would keep the family man?TP: They would keep him on, yes they kept him on, it waspretty good that way.NT: Would he find another partner then?TP: Oh yes, they would have somebody else working with him,you bet. Then over in Mohrland I got on and I was working in the mine there and from there I went nipping and I stayed on the haulage for quite a few years then and then I went to run a motor. When I went nipping, when I went nipping we had--if I can remember correctly, we had thirty-five diggers and we had four entries and you'd run your legs off for eight hours and I was making $5.28 a day. (Chuckle)NT: Were you the nipper for all four?TP: For all four entries, you see, I had the one motorman yousee, just the one motor, Tony Lucko and I and, he was a motorman and he was a motorman and I was a nipper and we had the four entries and we had the thirty-five diggers and none of your switches had a throw on it. You had to kick every one of them or pull them by hand and you coupled all the cars and you put all the safety chains on and you coupled all the cars and cut them off and everything and you divided them up you know and there was22
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982two men working in a place, two cars at a time and then in an hours time you would go gather them up and give them two more and you'd run your legs off for eight hours for $5.28 a day!NT: Was this at Mohrland?TP : That was in Mohrland you bet. NT: What were you doing in a--?END OF S I D E ONEWhen you played ball, who did you play for?TP: Each camp had their own team, there was a team in Hiawatha and we had Mohrland, we had our own team and Huntington had theirs and we just played amongst the group. Castle Dale had theirs and San Pete had theirs and each one was maybe, we had a dime or a quarter we'd put in and buy enough gas to where we could get transportation to go play in these different towns youknow.NT: So that's what all the guys in the camp were doing in thesummer when there was no work?TP: That's about it.NT: What position did you play?TP: Catcher, I was a catcher, I        catcher all the time. NT: So you played for Mohrland first I take it?TP: I played for Mohrland first, yes.NT: Who organized the team there?23
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: Just amongst a group of us , that ' s all. All of the single men we would all get together and we would all go down there and practice and then they chose the best ones of the bunch and you had your team that way. We wouldn't play for nothing. We would all play for nothing, you know. We were just tickled to death to do something.NT: Did you get any support of any kind from the company? TP: No, they wouldn't support us. Oh, the welfare up there maybe would buy us a bat or a ball and give us a ball or something like that once in a while to play with. (Chuckle) Because the men that worked in the welfare bought those bats and stuff like that because they had a team too with the kids and the younger fellows didn't, you know. So we would go watch their ball games and ifthey knock a foul ball or something like that we would go find that ball and we would keep it for ourselves, you see . (Laughter)LP: But the welfare that you're talking about isn't like being on welfare.NT: No, no it's the miners welfare fund.TP: The miners you know, and then like during Christmas timethey would give you a bag of candy, the family and things like that you know. Not like this welfare, they would get rid of this welfare that people are on now.NT: I know what you ' re talking about, the welfare fund. But 24
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982when you were working in the winter didn't you pay intothe welfare?TP: Yes ma'am, I paid a dollar a month, a dollar a monthyou'd pay into it.NT: But when they laid you off then you couldn't have any? TP: No, you were off then but then when it come around likeat Christmas, that welfare was paying, they would give you one show a week that would be free and that would paid through the welfare and they would have a free show once a week which would be pretty good for people who didn't have anything to do and very few of them had a radio or anything in them days and go to a picture show or something like that would be amusement anyway, you know.NT: Did you have electricity up at Mohrland?TP: Pardon.NT: Did you have electricity?TP: Oh yes, we had all that up there. You didn't have to payfor any of that either. That was included with your rent. NT: Oh, it was and the water and everything.TP: All that was included with the rent.NT: What about gardening?TP: Gardening, you had a little garden if you wanted to goinside the house and Dad would always have a garden and he loved to work in the garden but I didn't care to farm25
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982in them days either. (Laughter)LP: But you learned after we were married.TP: You bet, you bet.NT: Who were some of the kids that you played with when youTP: NT: TP: NT:TP:were up there at Mohrland?Do you know A lbert V ogrenic?I ' ve already talked to him.And Harry V ogrenic.I haven't talked to Harry but I understand Albert and his brothers all play.Joe Vogrenic and Joel, Pete and Jake were all ball players.Yes.NT:TP: And Johnny Clausum.LP: Remo.TP: Remo Spigarelli and Cecil Spigarelli, I played with allthose boys and Mike Herianus and all them fellows.NT: Did you have any other sports that you played besides? TP: You had to make your own fun them days. You had to makeyour own, you didn't have what they have today.LP: Yes, but you played tennis.TP: I played tennis and then the company finally put in atennis court over at Mohrland and we played tennis over there and I played horseshoes and things like that, you know.26
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: When you were traveling around to these different games, who drove or how did you get there?TP: Well, I don't know Joe Vogrenic he had a car and they had a car and then they'd pick us up and we'd have to get a couple of cars to take a bunch of boys you know. Each one would chip in for so much gas and stuff like that and that ' s the way it was. In those days it was the good old days .NT: Where did you go to school?TP:NT: TP:NT: TP: NT: TP:NT: TP:I went to school at Hiawatha and I went to school Winter Quarters and I went to school at Scofield and I went to school at Spring Glen. I quit school at Spring Glen and that ' s when I went to work with Dad.You went to school at Hiawatha though you said.When I was in Hiawatha, you see we were in Hiawatha and then from Hiawatha then we moved back to Spring Glen again you see.When did you go to Hiawatha at that time?Oh hell that was--How old were you?I can remember that I was in the forth grade, so I would be about ten years old then. You see when we left Scofield, that's where we moved to was to Hiawatha.I see.Then from Hiawatha to Spring Glen and then from Spring27
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: TP: NT:TP:NT:TP:NT:TP:NT:TP:Glen up to Mohrland. Isee.That's how it was there.How were the living conditions in Spring Glen, where did you l i ve , did you build your own house or rent?No, we rented but the rent wasn't too high in them days you know, it was around $20 to $25 a month. That was hard to come by too you know, money was hard to get too.I bet. Well, when you got up to Mohrland then did the company assign you a house?They would rent you a house up there, that rent was cheap in them camps just like they are now. Were up at Hiawatha here a few years back but I can't remember the rent, maybe ten to twelve dollars a month which is cheap you know.Did they let you rent whatever house you wanted or did they tell you?No, there's people in there, you would have to go look around and see what you'd want, you know, different houses up there and different houses have different prices on them. The bigger the house, the more money you know.(Laughing) What a surprise! So they didn't, you know, all the Austrians in one part of town?Well, they had the camps named that way. In Hiawatha, now28
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982in Mohrland they had Centerville and that was mostly Greeks and that up there and then they had tram town were mostly Italians and that lived up there and then they had a Noms where we lived.LP: That was in Mohrland.TP: That was in Mohrland you know.NT: Yes.TP: They had the Noms and they had a mixture up there andthen all the so called LD's and all that were down in town you see. They wouldn't mix with us, that was a good camp though everybody had gotten along swell over there in Hiawatha.NT: But people made it by choice where they were going to live. The company didn't say you have to live on the dock?TP: They'd get whatever you was, that's where you would live, you know, in different places, what nationality and whichever.NT: And you chose up or the company chose?TP: Well, they would tell you which houses to go see.NT: Oh I see, you can look in this section and that's all. TP: If you were LD or something you would go down this end oftown and look around or if you were Greek or whatever you would go up there and look around. That was the same in Hiawatha too. They were divided up like that too.29
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: So they told you what part of town you could look in? TP: Ohyes,yes.NT: Oh, I see.TP: (Laughter)NT: Now, what was it like in Mohrland when the Unions came to organize in 1933? what do you remember about the union organization?TP: That ' s when Roosevelt , that was during Roosevelt's administration and then we organized the union up there and from there on it started getting better and better and better all the time.NT: How was it first organized, were the guys able to come in and talk freely?TP: Oh yes, they let them come in. Well, like I say the nationalists and this one organization by the name of the National Union, they wanted to organize us first. They would come up and talk to us and have these rallies and things like that and then the United Mine Workers come in and they all went for the United Mine Workers and that ' s how the United Mine Workers organized out here .NT: So you mean the company let the union speakers come right into town and talk?TP: The company had nothing to do with it once the company give us the go ahead to join the union and that's what it was .30
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: So in Mohrland there was no trouble?TP: No trouble, no trouble whatsoever. One went to the UnitedMine Workers and everybody joined the United MineW orkers.NT: That's good.TP: No way.NT: Yes, that's good.TP: And that was the same way in all these other camps. Theydad--all those camps were United Mine Workers then. Now, you know you got a bad mixture and you got the organized mines and you got the non organized mines which makes it real bad, you knowNT: When did the local come into Mohrland? Was it in 1933 or later on?TP: The uh, union?NT: Yes.TP: I think it was 1933 that it came in. I'm pretty sure thatit was 1933.NT: And what, did everybody join up or did they not--?TP: Everybody had to join.NT: Oh, they did.TP: Everybody had to join the union, you bet, before youcould get your charter. You see, everybody had to join the union and so we all signed at one time and then you got your charter arid that was it.31
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: Did they have any Blacks working at Mohrland? TP: Blacks?NT: Negroes .TP: You bet, up at Mohrland they did, yes.NT: Were they in the union too?TP: All of them, you bet, it didn't make any difference,creed1 color and nati onality .NT: Did they have any at Hiawatha?TP: Wel l , the only ones that I knew was in Hiawatha was afterthey shut Mohrland down from Hiawatha over from Mohrlandover to Hiawatha.NT: But before that they didn't?TP: They didn't have any Negroes over there.NT: What about Japanese?TP: They had Japanese over in Mohrland and Hiawatha both andWest Hiawatha they had Japanese.NT: Was there ever any racial trouble in any of these camps? TP: The negroes amongst themselves you know, that's aboutall, yes. You know, have party or something, maybe one step in the other guys wife or something like that and they would shoot one another or something like that, that's the only trouble that I know of.NT: Were there, now I know that in some of the camps they used to have prize fighting too, like Jack Dempsey was around .32
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: There was some in Kenilworth that I know of and I don't know of any of them being up there at Mohrland.NT: What about at Hiawatha?TP: I can't remember them being out there either.NT: It was mostly just baseball was the big sport?TP: Baseball was mostly the big sport those days, yes, andgoing into different camps and play in different camps,Sunnyside and places like that.NT: When you went to a different camp to play, did you havea lot of spectators? TP: Oh yes.NT: How would they get there?TP: The spectators, they were mostly the whole town wouldcome in you know, you wouldn't have nobody--say if we Mohrland played Price you wouldn't have, maybe one or two from Mohrland come down with the team and you would have all these others you know. Hell, we all got along good and you know, I never had no problem that way.NT: Who umpired for these games since you guys organized it yourselves?TP: What, baseball?NT: Yes.TP: Oh yes, we just organized amongst, like I said it wouldbe younger fellows.NT: How did you get your umpires, if you went and played33
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982Price.TP: If we went to play Price we would have our umpire comefrom or town and they'd have theirs too you know. We would go in there and it was the one that would get in there you see.NT: Well, how would you decide which umpire you were going to have?TP: Well, most generally we would say you'd always choose your own you know.NT: Well sure but how would you get, I mean if you were playing Price then you had to have a Price umpire is that how i t worked?TP: Yes, they would choose somebody from down there who was umpiring down here you know.NT: Would that make a difference for the game?TP: Sometimes. (Laughter) Sometimes , you bet.NT: Did you ever have bad feelings then after the game?TP: Oh, you always have bad feelings when you loose you know. NT: Yes, that's true. Well then when you got older did youever play on a company team?TP: No, I quit playing ball after we got married. That wasway before I even got married that I played ball . LP: Yes, I was going to say.TP: I never didn't do anything after we got married. LP: You didn't play ball. We didn't have any facility.34
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: I played tennis, I played tennis some but that's about all.NT: After you were married, in particular, what did you do on the days off that you weren't working?TP: Helped my wife around the house mostly. LP: Yes or work out in the yard.TP: Make a garden and things like that.LP: Work about two days a month.NT: That's all?TP: That's it and you were lucky if you got two days a month.In 1938 when we were married in June we never had two cents to buy a two cent stamp so she could write to her people.LP: Get a dollar payday.TP: That's all. They would have to give you a dollar paydayregardless.NT: And that is what you'd get?TP: That's right and we bought everything from the companystore and I don't care how much you owned the companystore they would still have to give you that dollar. NT: Big deal! (Laughter)TP: Yes, you bet.NT: Mrs. Pestotnik where are you from?LP: I'm from Midvale.NT: And how did you meet your husband?35
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982(Laughing) Quite a romance. Well, he had his appendix out and I knew his sister and so she called me and asked me if I would go out and see her brother, he was at the St. Mark's Hospital. So I did and I don't know if you call it love at first sight or attraction or whatever but three months later we were married. But in the meantime Mohrland seemed such a long distance, I thought it was clear at the end of the world and so we just wrote letters because you didn't have a phone or anything. So in three months I only saw him twice, the night we got engaged and one other time. We were married then and we had our forty-forth anniversary June 12th. So in spite of not a long romance we're still together which is quite a feat nowadays.the farm. I was an orphaned when I was five, by the time I was five, so my brother and his wife raised me so that's the only mom I had. He had a big family of his own, he had six boys and one girl.NT: How much older is this brother than you?LP: Well he, let's see. When I was born he was about fourteenor fifteen and he's no longer living, he's been deadLP:Yes,itis. You bet.NT:TP:NT: What were your folks doing in Midvale?LP: My brother worked in the metal mines and they worked on36
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982since 1956. But we grew up in a poor, you know, we werepoor by all standards, my brother had--TP: During the depression it was rough for everybody.LP: You know the depression and even before that they hadtheir own big family and so it was hard for all of us but we made it fine, you know, we didn't have the luxuries but we had love and we always had plenty to eat which sometimes makes you wonder how they ever managed really.NT: What kind of metal mine was he working in?LP: Up in Bingham. Not the Kennecott or anything but you know, there was the Apex and Lynan and then he worked in the Lark Mine but he was injured real bad and had a very severe injury ---?--- in 1929 I think it was he got hurtin the mine and so he was laid up for a long long time. NT: But you said they had a farm too?LP: Well, in later years when he couldn't find a job in themines anymore, he got hurt real bad and he lived on a farm and I guess farming was his first love really, my brothers, and it was a way of keeping us all feed really.NT: Where did your family come from originally?LP: My family, my mother and dad were from Yugoslavia but Iwas born and raised in Midvale.NT: W hat's your maiden name?LP: Gridlitch, Louise Gridlitch.NT: When you said that you lived up in Midvale for a time, is37
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982that right?LP: That was after we were married, that was during the warin 1943.NT: So why did you move up to Midvale in 1943. LP: With the mines.TP:NT: TP:NT: LP: NT: TP:NT: TP: NT: TP: LP:Like I said, my sister's husband got killed up at Hiawatha and that kind of scared me off and so I quit in 1943 and went to Midvale, that was during the war.What were you doing in Midvale?I worked at a Gallinite plant up there on 33rd South, they was trying to extract aluminum out of some kind of clay they were getting in the southern part of Utah, here. They had a plant up there. I was only making 89 cents an hour there.Oh, that's terrible! (Laughter) Oh, my gosh. We really were on the high wages.Yes.Yes,you bet. They don't make any $100 a day them days. is what I say, there is not a man alive or living is worth $100 a day.ThisthatIt'sThat's for sure and they don't work like we had to work. Of course now a $100 doesn't mean what it use to mean. No, that's true, that's true.a little hard to imagine that's for sure. (Chuckle)Oh, I think they're worth that to go underground. 38
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: NT:TP:NT:TP: NT: TP:Underground I would say, you bet, you bet.If you work underground I would say even a $100 wasn't too much.If you take these power plants right today there is men down there making a $137 a day and plus subsistence. I don't see it.Sure makes it rough for everybody else that's got to live in the same economy.That's why were paying all that high living costs. That's true, when was it that you quit going underground? I quit underground in 1952, 1951 and 1952, I was working for Kaiser. I asked for a job because when I--when we lived at Midvale I worked for this cannonade plant for about, I think I worked there for about eight or nine months. Then I decided to go for a little bit more money and me and this fellow that worked down there, we went to California. My wife was living in Midvale, my wife and daughter. I went to California where I was making, I thought I was making real good money down there, I was making $1.04 an hour (Chuckle) and I was working for ten hours a day in the shipyards down there.Yes.In the meantime I was waiting for a shift or something like that for the next day work, the first thing in the morning I would get up early and I would go up to thisNT: TP:39
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982John Dewey Welding School and I learned the trade of welding. I worked down there in the shipyards and then I got acquainted with this lead man who was a welder's foreman down there. He asked me one day if I would like to go out shooting studs and that was for the welders anyway, that ought to be bolt about like that and on the end it had powder and stuff and you would put it in a gun and put it up there and pull the trigger and stick that on you see and the electricians could put their wiring on that. I did that for maybe about a month and then they asked me one day, he asked me, "You're going to that welding school, John Dewey's Welding School." I said,"Yes." He said, "How do you like that?" I said, "Pretty good." I said, "I'm doing pretty good on it." So then I went down to Anaheim and I passed my plates and he asked me one afternoon, I took the steady afternoon shift because I was going to school in the morning. He said, he asked me one afternoon if I would like to go do some welding for him and I said, "Sure, sure . " From then on , I just, then I come back to the mines and I worked likeI say at Hiawatha for an operated loader up in there for a year and then I quit there and then I went to operate in the loader in Kaisers and I was in there, I said 1948 and now I come out at 1950, 1951 or 1952 is when Seimore Kaiser had and they was running their coal over in40
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982Sunnyside's Tipple and that belonged to Utah Fuel. Then Kaiser bought the whole works out, I think it was either 1951 or 1952 when he did that. I was still underground, I worked underground for about six years for Kaiser and then I transferred and I went to the welding outside and then I retired in 1974 of July and we were with Kaiser twenty-five years and nine months.NT: Good, that's good.TP: That was a nice company to work for I thought, I liked towork for them.NT: What makes a company a nice company?TP: Treat their men right. The way I look at it, you know, ifa man want's something they'll either do it for them or tell them they can't. A lot of them come and needs are kind of tight and stuff like that and if you need something they won't get it for you and you got to get by the best way you [can] and it makes it hard for you and you can't do a good job if you wanted to for the company, you see. That's what makes it harder because I really enjoyed working them. They treated me nice and good and all that and so a person don't mind working for people like that.NT: What happened with your dad, I know you partnered him for a long time.TP: Well, when I went on the haulage you see and I went41
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982nipping up there and then he was still loading and he was still on a contract and then a few years after that they cut out all that contract and put them on different jobs. My dad would help them on the track and timber and stuff like that you see. That was a day's pay then. Probably, maybe, you see I was nipping, I was getting $5.28 a shift and evidently that's about what he'd get.I see.That's only one day or two days a month.Goll, that's terrible. Now long did he live, your father?NT:TP:NT:TP: My dad was seventy four when he died. NT: So he lived long enough to retire.TP: You bet he did.NT: That's great.TP: Yes, he'd probably been alive longer than that if he'd a-LP: Yes, but he had to retire earlier because of his head injury remember.TP: Yes, he had an injury up there. No, Dad retired when he was sixty-five years of age hun. He went to work one morning and murmured because he had a head injury and he got that head injury but he went to work and Bernard Christenson told him that he didn't have to work anymore because he was sixty-five years of age and he could go on social security. He put that up here, you see, that he42
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: TP:didn't have to work anymore. Hell, after that he just nothing but sit on the porch.I bet he enjoyed it.He just sat around, sit around, he should exercises that you know but he just kept sitting there and then my brother Roy he went and built this home here for him right next to us and he would help in the garden and my dad enjoyed that. He enjoyed garden work and everything before but I don't know whether it was on account of the injury that affected him or anything like that, he wouldn't do a tad, nothing. Lloyd would go tell him to and sprinkle the lawn and he said, "Let it dry up." He wasn't going to do it.Don't put that in your recording.Huh.I told her don't put that in her recording. Oh no.But how was his head injured?LP:TP:LP:TP:NT:TP: Well, it was just before quitting time and he was comingdown with a motor a man trip and the car jumped a track and hit this timber and they call them cap pieces, it sits on top of the timber and oh they're about like that, the cap pieces and then put a wedge in there and that's support, that's the roof support. Then a car went and knocked this timber out and a cap piece threw over and43
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982hit my dad right in the back of the head like that yousee. NT: Oh!TP: Oh, he was in bad shape for a long time. It probably did effect him some you know.NT: Which mine was that at?TP: Hiawatha.NT: And did the company do anything about it?TP: The company has compensation and they paid youcompensations. Which wasn't very much, maybe nine to eight, ten dollars a week or something like that if it was that much you know. Free doctor, the company had their own doctors and things like that.NT: When was your dad hurt, how old was he? TP: Oh heck, he got hurt.LP: We were in Midvale.TP:LP: TP: LP: TP:No, we weren't in Midvale because I was here and I was working up at Hiawatha and I helped him back him on a stretcher down at the hospital and I was there when Dr. Needle sewed him up.I know but I was living in Midvale. We were married then.I said I was living in Midvale, Sandy and I.Yeah, that's right, that's right, that was in 1947. That was 1947 when he got injured.44
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: And you helped to pack him down?TP: Yes, see I was on a motor, I was nipping then and we hadto stop there. One entry come this way and the other corning down this way and they stopped and the stopped the first thing I seen was that ambulance, they had an underground ambulance in a car, you know covered up and all that, they called it the ambulance. Then the one guy come to me and told me that my dad got hurt and he said, "What should we do?" I said, "Take him out." The man trip was there and I said, "Get him out of the mantrap." Which they did and they said you on going and I said, "I'll go with him and I went down with him and helped packed him in the hospital and everything."NT: Who was the doctor down there?TP: Dr . Needles.NT: Needles. (Laughter) What a name.TP: That was his name, Needles. He was a needle all right andhe never would give that poor man anything and his headwas split right open back here.NT: And he just went in there.TP: He didn't give him anything. He just started sewing onhim. I put my finger in my ears because my dad wouldholler so loud, boy, it hurt.NT: Did Dr. Needles stay very long at Hiawatha?TP: Well, he was there about a year wasn't it, Dr. Needles.45
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: TP: NT: TP:I don't remember, not too long.Then Dr. Dodson came after him.I guess nobody missed Dr. Needles too much?No, and hell I had quite a problem with him and then in the meantime. Well, I did get hurt too up there, I got hurt up there when he was still there . I was a drilling , helping them drill on the 7AU and I was operating the drill and the drill hit the roof and we were drilling top coal. You see up in Hiawatha the coal seem is pretty thick and they take out eight feet and then maybe leave about eight more, eight or nine feet of coal above that, your roof. I was drilling that top coal and the drill was going to start a hole up there and they had the 7AU sets on the big arm, you know, you put it where you want it. I barred down on it and the coal broke lose and hit it and it flipped me up and pinned me against the arm and the handle of the drill and it broke a rib. I don't know if I broke one rib or what but every time I breathed I could hear it pop. Dr. Needles, he was the doctor and it took me, I guess it took me about three hours to get down to the hospital.Why so long?Well, you had to get from one motor, to the motor of the entry where we were at and he'd take you down on the parting and you'd have to wait until he'd get a trip madeNT: TP:46
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982up. Then the main line motorman would come in and then he would take it from there down and then another motorman would come in and take a picket there and take it outside. Then he would put it on a rope and drop it down the tram .NT: So you were up in King I?TP: I was up there in Hiawatha yes, where the tramway was.LP:Then they called down and Ray Thurmond was waiting for them when they came down and I would have to get on different areas, they never had me bandaged or nothing you know. Hell, when I got down to the hospital, Dr. Needles, he asked me what was the matter with me and I told him I said, "I think I got a broken rib." I said, "Every time I breathe it pops." He listened to it and he said, "Yeah, you got a musical chest all right."(Laughter) And he put a wrap up with tape, oh four inch adhesive tape and when he was doing that I looked at the floor and the whole floor just started to whirl like that and I told him, I said, "Boy, Dr. Needles I don't know if I'm getting sick but that floor is sure starting to whirl." Boy, he dropped that tape and went into to other room and he brought me a glass, half a glass of water, it looked like water but I'm--END OF TAPE-- wouldn' t be right or wrong. 47
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT:Well, what we're going to do though is transcribe it and then I go over the transcription and if there is anything you want taken out I do it, so don't worry about it, that's part of the job. But how did you get pleurisy from breaking a rib?Pardon.company doctor here but the head of the doctor was Dr. Pugh in Salt Lake City for Utah Fuel Company for U.S. Fuel, he was the head doctor and then they had these other doctors, assistants you see of these camps. That was the same problem that they had with my dad. Dr. Needles, he sewed him up and everything but he didn't take care of the wound and my dad kept getting worse and worse and worse and his face and headed to slough. So I was working there and I went down there one day and the mine foreman, Bernard Christenson told me that Dr. Pugh was in town. You'd see, he'd come down once a month from Salt Lake. You see, these assistants they had. I said,"Oh good, I want to see him." He said, "Well, I ' ll tell him that you'd like to see him. " So he called up and told him that I wanted to see Dr. Pugh and he said, "AllTP :NT: How did you get pleurisy from breaking a rib.TP: Well, it wasn't taken care of right, that's why.NT: Oh, wonderful .TP: You see they had the company doctor, they had your48
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982right, I'll be here so long." So I went up to see Dr. Pugh and told him about my dad because my sister was working for Dr. Pugh in Salt Lake City, for his wife you see.NT: Y es.TP: Then I went up and told Dr. Pugh about dad gettinginjured like that and what Needle had done, had just sewn him up and all that and he had quite an incision in the back of his head and I told him his condition was, he was getting yellow and his head was starting to swell and he said, "Well, I'll make sure that I get up to see your dad before I go to work. " Before he leaves town. So I went to work and they told me that when Dr. Pugh come up there, Dr. Needle brought him up there and he was with him you know. He looked at my dad and they said they went up one side and down the other of Dr. Needles. He asked him, he said, "Have you been checking on this man every day." And Dr. Needles hadn't you know and he told him he hadn't and boy he sure chewed him out. All they said that Dr. Pugh got his knife or scissors and just cut a suture where he went and sewed him up and he said that puss just brokeright open. Then he told Dr. Needles, he said from now on you check this man once a day and I believe to this day that my dad had a fracture.NT: Oh, I guess.49
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: I'll bet he did.LP: They didn't x-ray him did they?TP: Never did x-ray him or they never did x-ray me when I hadmy chest and the same thing happened to me, I got worse. I wasn't getting any better with this broken rib and Dr. Pugh happened to come in town and come down and I went to see him and that ' s when Dr. Pugh asked Dr. Needles he said, "How many ribs did this man have broken." He said, "I don't know." He said, "You mean to tell me that you didn ' t x-ray this man?" He said, "No." He said, "I didn't x-ray this man." Dr. Pugh says to me, he says, "You got pleurisy."NT: How did your sister get the job with Dr. Pugh's wife? TP: Well, she was, like she got acquainted with people in Midvale or something like that. Oh no, Dr. Pugh come out, that's what it was and he said that they was looking forNT:TP:a girl to work, to do house work you see. So my sister, she went to work for him and she worked him for a couple, two or three years I believe. In Salt Lake they had big homes. Dr. Pugh had a big home in Salt Lake and she worked there for quite a while.How did that care you were getting at Hiawatha compare with the way they did the doctors back in Castle Gate when you were a kid? Was it the same?Each company had their own doctor. Dr. Long was in Castleso
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982Gate and then there were different doctors in different camps and in Mohrland there was a doctor by the name of Dr. Sorenson that was over there. Hiawatha and then Scofield and Winter Quarters, Dr. Bash was a doctor up there. You know, there was different doctors all over.NT: Did they change pretty often?TP: No, they was--now like the company doctors did, you know,more or less they were just practice you know in these camps, you know, they were just practitioners I would say. Now if there was any surgery like I had my appendix taken out or tonsils taken out they would send you into Salt Lake and Dr. Pugh would do all that you see. These here would just--LP: I think they were general practitioners. They were all medical doctors, you know they were all licensed.TP: They were all licensed, yes , but they were just doctors , that's all.LP: But they weren't like specialists like we have nowadays. TP: Specialized now, everything is specialized now. Then like I have my appendix taken out in 1936 and I had to go toSalt Lake. I had to go to Salt Lake and the company paid for all that you know and then I had my tonsils taken out and they paid for all that and things like that.NT: What about before the union carne in? TP: That was before the union carne in.51
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: In 1936.LP: I thought you said the union came in 1933.TP: It was still the same that way, when the union came inand after the union came in were still the same.NT: It was? So did they ever have you go to a doctor inPrice, did they have any specialists down here?TP: Not that I can recall of them, no, I never did.NT: You always had to go to Salt Lake?TP: Always to Salt Lake , yes , if you worked for the company,you know. They would send you up there and they'd payyour expenses in and back and send you into Dr. Pugh. NT: And he was U.S.?TP: He did all the surgery over there, yes.NT: Which hospital was he in?TP: St. Marks.NT: Oh, that's right and that's how you two met. (Chuckle) TP: Yes. He was a good doctor too, I liked him very much. NT: Now when people go up to Salt Lake for treatment, do theystill go back to St. Marks, would you?TP: I do, yes. I have two doctors that are working out of St.Marks Hospital and that was in ---?---.NT: Would you ever go to another hospital 1ike LDS orUniversity Hospital?TP: I haven't been in any of the others, all St. Marks arethe only ones that I ' ve been in. I had my appendix taken 52
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982out there and then in 1974. I had my knees operated onand that was in the new one in St. Marks. NT: How are your knees doing?TP: Pretty sore , they get awful sore sometimes .plates in my left knee holding it together. NT: Was that a mining accident?TP: No arthritis.NT: Oh, that ' s too bad, that's really too bad.I got threeWhat's your major impression of working in the coal mines in Carbon County, what do you remember most out of a wholelifetime?TP: Oh, hand loading mostly and holyjork. I enjoyed that andoperating the loader and things like that. All mine wasin the face, all my work was done in the face.NT: Did you like working in the face?TP: I do like working, mostly in development work.NT: Why did you like that kind of work?TP: Development work because it was a lot safer, I alwaysthought that development work was safer than cover work. Even when I was operating a loader, development work I liked it a lot better then pillar work because you're taking the coal out and putting none back in, you know. You were always afraid of caves and stuff like that and balances, especially pressure and that's what a balance is, is for pressure and I always did like development53
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982work better.NT: Now when you're doing development work don't you haveproblems sometimes with the bounce?TP: Well you do but you don't have to worry too much aboutthat because you got all that support behind you, yousee.NT: That's true. Did you ever want to leave the face, I meanwhen you were younger leave the face and work outside? TP: No, no, I was satisfied right in the face, I was satisfied. Even running the motor I kind of missed being in the face too and then you were always then away from it. Then when I run the motor I was running, when I was nipping, I was nipping for ---?--- on a big run but then when he went to the outside haulage motor then I took his motor over and I run that motor for awhile. Then after that then they laid off all the diggers that you contract went to all day's pay and then I went to pull coal off ajoy loader with the motor.NT: And that was all up at Mohrland?TP: That was done at Mohrland, yes. But then in Mohrland Ialso got off the motor up there in Mohrland and asked for something to hire, want more money you know in them days and I went from there to a 7AU and I was helping on a 7AU and then I've been around Joy so long, like I mentioned this here mine foreman by the name of Bernard54
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982Christenson, after I got hurt on that 7AU then he would, I talked to him, I told him that I thought that I was around them joy loaders long enough to where I would be entitled to go help on one, which when I went back, that's where I went, helping on a joy loader. Well, I wouldn't say I went to helping, he treated me so damn good that he would give me operators rate to even run themotor you know, he was real good to me. NT: That's nice.TP: Yes, I liked him very much.NT: Now he was the boss at Mohrland, right?TP: He was the boss at Hiawatha.NT: At Hiawatha. Then did he retire from Hiawatha or did hego onto another place?TP: No, he was transferred, we were all transferred. We wereall over at Mohrland were transferred over to Hiawatha you see when they shut that at Mohrland down. Then he was one of these fellows that was working on these company joy loaders, like I say that five, they were on contract you know and then later on they got his papers and he was the mine foreman. He was a good man and I liked him very much. He was a good worker, a .hard worker. He was crazylike the rest of us. (Laughter)NT: Did it make a lot of difference if your foreman hadpreviously been a miner?55
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: Oh yes, quite a bit of difference.NT: Like what kind of difference?TP: One would want you to do this or say if you wanted to doit and you could see an easier way, if he had it in his way that he wanted to do it his way that's the way you would do it, you wouldn't do it the easy way you would do it the way he told you to do it.LP: Yes, but she meant that if he had--sometimes it's hard for him to hear.TP: I'm hard hearing a little.LP: If he had been a miner previously he understood yourconditions a little bit better when he became a foreman because he was a miner too so he knew what kind of condition you had to work under.TP: That's right. Then it's another thing here like the Vernard, he was a hard worker and you know, like some of these younger fellows wouldn't want to hurt themselves or something like that and he didn't care much for them boys and he wanted, he liked the hard workers, he wanted the crazy fool just like he was , see . (Laughter)NT: That's what made him crazy, huh?TP: You bet.NT: Ah, that's good. Did you ever want to be a foreman?TP: No, they asked me to be but I was to hotheaded, I believeI would have fired them all and quit myself.56
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: Where did they ask you, which company?TP: Well, up there in Sunnyside for one, they asked me andVernard asked me up to Hiawatha. He told me, "Why don't you go get your papers and be the boss?" So I tried it once and I gave it up. If I don't like something I just tell them about it that's all.NT: (Chuckle) What do you think is the biggest difference between mining when you started and mining today?TP: Well, machines is what your big difference is and that they don't want to do anything nowadays, that's what bothers me.NT: Do you think the machines contributed to that?TP: You bet. Everybody wants to be an operator. (Laughter) NT: Well sure, sure they do.TP: NT: TP:Everybody wants to be an operator.Sure they do.I know I had one fellow up there at Hiawatha and I was operating a loader up there and they hired this man out and they put him with me as a helper. He watched me and I don't think he was with me for more than an hour helping me and that's when we was loading from a loader into the shovel car. He watched me load out about three shovel cars and then I got the pick or something and was trimming the top or something and then the shuttle car happened to come in and he said, "I'11 load this one, you57
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982know." I just had to come out and tell him, you got to learn how to be a helper before you can be an operator. He worked there three days and helped me three days and went to another mine and went in as an operator.(Laughter)NT: Oh, my gosh.TP: There you go, that's the way it was.NT: Doesn't that kind of destroy your safety if you got aguy--?TP: That's right. You have to watch the man all the time andon these joys, you know, they have the cable in the back, they have the cable back and that's the helper's responsibility to watch this here cable to where it don't get caught in the caps. They called them caps, they have drags on there. If they just flub up and don't take interest in it, they are to get in there and then you run over the damn cable and that's what makes it bad. They all want to be operators.NT: What's the best mine you ever worked in?TP: The best mine I ever worked in was Hiawatha.NT: Why?TP: Good, real good roof conditions. Real good roofconditions up there. The worst one I worked in wasKaisers. NT: Really.58
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982TP: Yes ma'am.NT: Why was that so bad?TP: That is all cap rock. The difference in the rock wasHiawatha had a sandstone top and that was a hard rock and Kaiser's was all shell, , shell rock and it had to be all-- when we was working Kaisers if you took out about eight feet of coal, eight or ten feet of coal and we'd have to put in three cross bars, a bar going across and two legs coming down like that because it would break up all the time and come down.NT: Which mine was it that you were working at out at Kaiser? TP: I worked Number Two.NT: Number . Two.TP: Y es.NT: I understand that there is different coal on the different lines.TP: Well now it is just different. Well, they do all this pinup work, you don't have to worry about timber or anything, now it's all pinup work.NT: When did they start using the pins for the roof?TP: Oh hell, they started using pins about 1955 or something like that, 1956, that's when they started using pins, I'mpretty sure or it could have been later, you know. Remember all that, what year, you know, would be pretty hard to remember all that.59
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: Yes, that's true. Well, before we end this interview is there anything else that you would like to add?TP: No, I think I've covered it pretty good from what I can remember of it, you know. I think I've covered it pretty good.NT: Sounds like it's been quite a busy life for you.TP: Oh, I enjoyed working in the mines, oh, some of the mines, especially the mine at Hiawatha, I really enjoyedthat one.NT: That's good. What about the living conditions inHiawatha, were they as good as at the mine? TP: Pardon.NT: The living conditions at Hiawatha, how were they?TP: They were good. You know, you just drop by, that's all. NT: Yes, that's right. Well, thank's a lot I think I better-- TP: Don't mention it. (Break)NT: You're telling me that if you help them load their coal? TP: Yes, you know, just to finish up you know, maybe theylacked maybe five or six hundred pounds or something like that that we didn't want to take, to where they have one quarter empty or something like that, you know and we'd help them hurry and chunk it up and throw a little coal in there to make it look nice, you know.NT: Sure.TP: Then like I say on the mine, they never say anything to60
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT: TP:NT:TP: NT: TP: LP:TP: LP:us. They were ticked to death that we would give them a hand and then in Mohrland on the Monday morning it would come in a little package and it would either be ten packages of gum in there and when it come around Christmas they would get themselves hankages from Japan and they would give us each one, something like that and some candy and stuff like--they always did that, treated us real good.They must have really appreciated your help though? They did, they appreciated it boy and you know we didn't have anything to do with it. We could have sat there and waited for them to do it but we pitched in and helped them you see and they appreciated what we'd done.I think you're right about Mohrland being a camp where everybody pitched in.You bet.It really sounds like it. Do you miss the camp life?No, we did, we did in Hiawatha, we both liked Hiawatha. No, I didn't like Mohrland. You see, I lived just in small towns--I did because I was over there quite a while.But this camp life was new to me and it was totally different than anything I had experienced although we lived in Bingham which was, you know, a friendly camp when I was only in the forth grade. I mean everything was61
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982totally new to me, you know, being married and adjusting to your whole new surroundings and everything but then when we moved to Hiawatha I really liked it and I didn't really know how much I liked it until we moved back to Midvale and our daughter was four then and I didn't realize that it was so totally different to move back.TP: We just lost our daughter a year ago.Even where you were raised you know.It will be a year ago tomorrow, on the 4th that we put her away in the cemetery.She was the only child we had.I would never trade though living in the camps for living in the city. I wouldn't even like to go back. I don't really like Price the way it is now but I liked it theway it was and you know. I don't know, I'll always think of it as my home. I 1iked the people and I think everyone's friendly but I think in the mining camp you learned that people are so friendly and their hospitality and everything was so great that oh, I just really missed it, you know, even though I had lived in Midvale all my life.Hell, everybody worked together you know.It was such a friendly town. We had so many friends andLP: TP:NT:LP: Anyhow--TP: LP:TP: LP:(Sigh)62
 TONY PESTOTNIK JULY 3, 1982NT :Y e s .everything. So I liked the coal mining community and I think it's really great. I don't like the town the way it is now, t his traffic drives me crazy but you know, it is your home and you do care about it. But I've seen your name in the paper a lot, you do a lot of research.END OF INTERVIEW63