 CLARENCE D. ROGERS Blandingá, UtahAn Interview BySuzanne Simon and Dorothy ErickUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-148July 27, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 27, 1970Tape #1:The Last American Indian War . 1"Fatalities" From That War . . . 8 Migration to Blanding and the Ditch .......... 11Homesteading and Stock Raising.Catching Mavericks ........ .Branding and Marketing .....¥.Modern-Day Ranching .................. 24 State and Federal Grazing Policies .......¥ .. 27 His Start in Ranching . .The "Red Calf" Incident. . . . . . .. John Rogers and Sheep Raising ..... . Prospecting and Staking Claims.Late Prospecting ....... .Outsiders: Geologists and Surveyors. Placer Mining on the Colorado.Lake Powell ........ .The Discovery of Rainbow Bridgáe . Zane Grey and Prof. Gregory . . .¥ 30¥ ¥ 32¥ ¥ ¥ 35 38 43 46 50 52 ¥ ¥ 54 63¥ . . 14 17 22
 Hovenweep and Other Ruins ....... . Zeke Johnson ...... . ........ Massacre Near White Canyon.The Death of Posey .....Clarence D. Rogers, Humorist ¥ .66 70 73 75 80
 THE FOLLOWI NG I S AN INTERVIEW WITH CLARENCE ROGERS, CONDUCTED BY DOROTHY ERICK AND SUZANNE SIMON AT BLANDING, UTAH ON JULY 27, 1970. [THIS IS PART OF THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]SS: Mr. Rogers, we'd like to have you tell us who you are and something about yourself, your background and--if you're not afraid to tell us, when you were born.If you're not the deputy sheriff I don't mind telling you some of these things. I was born in Bluff, Utah. First I'd better tell you my name--it's Clarence Rogers, and I was born in Bluff, Utah on June 19, 1906. That was just at the time when they were starting to make ranches and thinking of making a town on Black Mesa, where Blanding is now. Before I was a year old, my father moved his family up here where at that time he had been working up here on the scrub preparing his land, his farm, to bring hisfamily up here to make his home. In 1907 when I was less than a year old he moved his family up here and I have lived here ever since then. I've been a rancher and a stockman all my life. I've worked with cattle and other kinds of livestock practically all the time. By doing that I became quite well acquainted with the canyons and the mountains and the trails and the waterholes of San Juan county. So I was well acquainted with the canyon areas and the areas outside the town as I believe any one manCR:
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1living here today. And then along through the years I saw developments. I didn't get in on everything. The last Indian war in the United States was fought here in and around Blanding in 1923. I was just a big kid but I was very much interested in that and I got all the information I could when the men would come in after they'd been out all day. It was all very interesting. So I watched the country develop. I think it's been a wonderful time to live. A wonderful time. We've gone from the horse and buggy days to cars and airplanes and into the atomic age. And I think it's been a very wonderful time to live. I've enjoyed it very much. I've especially enjoyed working with livestock all my life. Horses, cattle, sheep and everything. It's been a very wonderful time in the world to live.ss: I was going to ask you, you mentioned this isn't uranium, but you mentioned the Indian wars. Perhaps you could tell how that affected you and the development of that a little first.CR: Well, when the settlers first came here they were a little b it ornery. Anyway, especially with the settlers around Bluff and later on when this town wasdeveloped the Indians used to come around here. Sometimes they were nice and peaceful, but as a rule2
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1they were a little bit ornery, and as a rule they liked to steal. They liked to kill cattle for the meat, they liked to kill sheep. They liked to rob ranches then when the people weren't there. Theyliked to rob the sheep camps and they really were kind of ornery. There weren't enough settlers to offset them at that time, so the settlers took the attitude that they'd rather feed them than fight them. And it went that way--of course that's an old Mormon tradition anyway, and it went that way for years and years. The Indians didn't seem to get any better and they seemed to think that they had the upper hand and they could kind of help themselves to what they wanted to. They had a little skirmish in and around Bluff. I believe it was in the year 1915. They called it the Poke and Posey war. They had quitea little skirmish down there. There was one cowboy form Colorado who was killed. One of the Indians shot him in the middle of the forehead right about 300 yards away. This cowboy was hiding from--he was crouching down behind a thistle or tumbleweed and the Indians saw him up there. He must have been an expert shot because he got him right in the middle of the forehead. Now the Indians kind of got off that skirmish. It didn't help matters any. They were kind3
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1of smart alecks after that. This is the Ute tribe I'm speaking of. Now they were pretty ornery from then on, and along about then, 1923, there were two boys who were pretty smart alecks: Sallap's boy and Joe Bishop's boy. They robbed a sheep camp and burned out a bridge between Blanding and Bluff and then butchered a calf that belonged to my father. They were brought into court for that. They had it planned beforehand; I think what they were going to do because old Posey, he came to court with them telling them what to do because he was the leader of the gang. Poke wasn't were at the time. Poke was over around the Ute mountains at the time. If Poke had been here I think things would have been a little different because he was much more of a general than Posey was and knew how to handle things a little better, but he wasn't here at the time and Posey was next in line as Peke's first lieutenant, and he didn't have the capability of organizing that and carrying on things like Poke did. So if Poke would have been here things would have been different. They brought these boys to court--and I'm sure it was planned--Posey brought in a horse that was considered among the Utes to be a race horse. He brought it there I'm sure for a purpose. Prior to court these4
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1Indians were put into the custody of my brother John. He was the deputy sheriff and he took care of these Indians prior to the time that they had court. But the day that they held court my brother had to go tend the cattle, and my brother turned the Indians over to the sheriff to take them to court and he mounted his horse and went up north of town to seeabout some cows. The court proceedings went okay until it come time for the noon recess. The sheriff said, "Come on you boys, I'11 take you to dinner." They went out of the schoolhouse; court was held in the basement of the schoolhouse, and when they left they went outside to where their horses were tied up. Horses were the means of transportation in those days, and when they got out there Joe Bishop's boy kind of pretended to be sick. He had a stick and he was using it for a cane and he was kind of walking on it and when they got out by the horses the sheriff told them to get on his horse. He was quite sullen and quite reluctant to do what he was told, and I believe he struck at the sheriff with the club he had. Then the sheriff pulled his gun, and as I remember the story--this is my own thinking, when I was just a boy--old then, around seventeen years of age--but this is the way I remember it. It's been a5
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1long time 'cause this is now 1970 and this was in 1923. But the sheriff pulled his gun on the boy then and the boy made a lunge at the sheriff and the sheriff pulled the trigger but the gun didn't go off. The boy jumped on this horse, which was considered a race horse by the Utes and started to run up the street. The sheriff took after him, he jumped on his horse and took after him. As they went up the street the sheriff, I guess--I'm getting a little bit ahead of my story, but as the Indian boy jumped on his horse the Indian grabbed the sheriff and took the gun away from him and then he jumped on his horse and went running up the street. As they were running up the street this boy running in the lead turned around with the sheriff's six shooter and pointed at the sheriff, pulled the trigger, and that time the gun went off and shot the sheriff's horse in the breast. The Indians went off the what we call Westwater, a little canyon west of town. That's where they always camped and rode through camp and headed south. The sheriff didn't have a gun, so he went by his home as they were racing through town to get a rifle to takewith him. Of course at that time the Indian boys got quite a bit ahead of him and he didn't know which way they went. Later on as quick as he could he called on6
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1some men and they took up the trail at the Indian camp and found out which way they went, and they followed their horse tracks and caught up with them later. If you want the story of this I have it written down by my brother who was deputy sheriff at the time. So unless you want to follow through with this I can give you that story as it is written.SS: That would be wonderful.CR: My brother told it to my niece and she wrote it downand he sent me a copy. After I got a copy, after I read it I went to my brother and told him "John, some of those things in that story are not just like they happened." He said, "Is that so?" And I said, "Yes." and he said, "Well, let's look at it." So we read it over together and when we got through we had notes all over the margin of the papers. We got through and he said, "Why don't you take this and write it up according to the notes of the papers?" Which I did and it made it just a little bit more in detail and a little different than he had it originally. But he agreed with what I suggested to him there and he agreed to the corrections that I suggested to make and the additions. He agreed to all of them and said "Yes, that's right, that's true." So the story I have now is his story that we kind of went over7
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1together and wrote up.ss:CR:ss:CR:ss:CR:While you were just talking there you said that the horse was shot in the neck. Did it kill the horse?No, it went kind of in the breast of the horse and it didn't kill the horse. I don't think it even slowed him down. It hit him in a place that wasn't vital and didn't hurt the horse much.About how many Indians were in court that day? Were there a large number?I would guess that there were between six and ten. Probably, I couldn't say the exact number, but there were a few others that had to be in court that day. Was this usual? When they had any trouble did they come in a bunch to view things that were going on? Usually several came with them together that way, usually not a big crowd, but several of them around together. Like that. It's kind of funny that during this Posey War, as we call it, there were only two casualties, my brother's horse and a Ford car. Theywere the only casualties on our side.How did the Ford car get done in?Well, after the Indians made their break and got away, they made their way south from Blanding and a posse, as soon as they could get together, took up the tracks and followed them down that way. TheySS: CR:8
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1followed them about five miles and were on the east side of the road. Then after the posse caught up with and exchanged shots with them, the Indians left their position in an old abandoned farm house and they went over west, over near the highway. During that time there were a few of the other men who had heard about the break and they wanted to help. Addison Black hada Model T Ford, a little four-door car, one of the first ones brought into Blanding. There were about six or seven men with him. There were four men sitting in the back seat and three men in the front seat, I believe, and they were driving down the road towards Bluff about five miles below town. All at once a shot rang out and they heard a thud and the driver started to speed up a little. The men didn't want the driver to speed up because they figured they were in Indian territory and they didn't want to speed up. So they started piling out of the car as fast as they could with the rifles in their hands andstarted to look at something they could shoot at. They looked at the car and this shot had when it hit the car went right through the upholstery, right behind the four men. About six inches behind four men. Of course the car was moving, and the Indians didn't quite give the car enough lead, but if he had9
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1the bullet would have gone through the four men instead of the car. So the car was killed.SS: Well I'd like for you to tell us something about the preparation--oh excuse me, before we go back to that, Dorothy has something, one more question about the Indians.DE: I was just wondering if these Indians spoke any English? How much did they [speak]?CR: They spoke a little bit of broken English. I think more of them spoke English than the whites did the Ute language. The Ute language is a very hardlanguage to learn and very few people around here had learned to talk it. There are a few that picked up a few words but not very many. On the other hand there are a lot of people around here who learned to speak Navajo language, and some spoke a little and some spoke it fluently, but there are very few people who learned to speak the Ute language. But the Otes picked up enough English so that they could conversewith them there.SS: Well, if we're going back any more, then you werehere because of your religious beliefs? Is thatright? Actually?CR: Well, I guess you could say that. The town wasfounded by LOS people, and they usually run into 10
 CLARENCE ROGERS #1groups and started towns in places right along with their religion.SS: Was this part of your family and their reason for being here?CR: Yes, I was here because my father moved his family here to live.SS: Along those lines I was going to ask you--a number of the people that I have talked to have moved up here to Blanding from the original settlers at Bluff, and you were mentioning about how your father made preparations to move the family up. Could you tell me how that movement took place? Were there a number of families that transferred up to Blanding from Bluff at one time or did they just do it as one family decided to?CR: More or less just a family at a time. They knew beforehand the number of families that were coming so that they could get their affairs straightened around. They knew beforehand that quite a few families were going to move here. They come more or less one at a time. My father and Walter C. Lyman, I guess, had as much to do with getting the ditch out here as anyone did, and when they got the ditch out here from the Blue Mountain, that's when my fathermoved his family up here when they could get the 11
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1water up here. There were about three families here; about three or four families were already here. Then other families came one at a time as they could arrange their affairs and dispose of their property where they lived. There was many things to do; theyhad to have horses and wagons mainly, and so theywould come more or less a family at a time.ss: Can you tell us about the digging of the ditch? I guess you weren't old enough at the time, but youCR:must know stories from you father.I've heard my father tell stories about it. They were making the ditch out at the Blue Mountain out of the creek they called Johnson Creek. Of course they had to bring it around grade along the ridge about six or eight miles north of Blanding. There was a high ridge or canyon wall there of course, they had to keep it high up there on grade and the cliffs to get it out on the mesa. The ditch was disrupted at several times. At one time nearly all the men working on theditch were called to a mission. The mission was a two-year mission to England. So the ditch preparation just sat at idle. Sometimes men would just come up here and work on it when they had time and means to work on it. Of course the men who worked on it had to expect to get some of it when the water came through.12
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1But when they got down there coming out of the canyon on Johnson creek, high on the ledge there was no dirt there on the ledge for them to make their ditch. So they had to make a tunnel. I heard my father a time or two--they started at both ends and they didn't have the surveying tools. They had only asense of direction and they worked at both ends. Because of lack of direction equipment, they didn't come together head on, they came together side by side. After they got together. My father told me he was in the tunnel from one end and Walter Lyman was in the tunnel from the other end and he said they would tap on the wall so they could tell where they were. So then they could tell when they got even with each other. They then dug toward each other, drilled towards each other, put in a round of shots to blow a hole through, and connected up the two tunnels. It wasn't too long after that that water fist came out on the Mesa. The first year the water came out on the Mesa it just ran down a little ways on the Mesa and they didn't get much good out of it except a little drinking water. Prior to that time they had carried their drinking water out of the Westwater spring. The first year the water got down on the Mesa it dried up, but from then on the next year and the following13
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1year they had water for their crops. From then on they enlarged the ditch and brought a larger stream down and they finally got to raising some real good crops here.SS: This was about when?CR: Well, I'm not very good with dates, but that wasprobably around 1905 or 1906. That would be close. SS: They didn't try digging any wells?CR: I don't believe they drilled any wells at that time,but from that time on, every family dug a well on their own land for their own use. They would dig a well about five or six feet in diameter and they would have to go down ten or fifteen feet in order to get water. Of course then it was just enough for a little stock watering and household duties. But it would tie them over from the time the ditch dried up to the following spring. It would tie them over. Just about every family had a well on their place.SS: Well, you've said you've been a stockman and--okay, Dorothy has another question.DE: Well, you said you came up here--was there any home- steading?CR: Yes, that 0 s the way people got their fields here at that time. My father homesteaded here after they'd laid out the town and they could have known where14
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1that was. His homestead started at the south edge of the city limits, about 3/4 of a mile from the city limits south, and that's the way all the people took their land at that time they homesteaded it. They made a filing.SS:CR:How much land did you get with this particular homestead?My father's particular field was close to 120 acres at the time he got it. He didn't know how many acres he'd have, but at the time they kind of decided among themselves that one man would get this and one man would get that strip, and they kind of made their lines. After the lines were made a little later on it was surveyed and it turned out he had close to 120 acres in the strip he chose.Now by homesteading, they didn't have to pay for this land?No, they had to pay a filing fee. They had to filewith the Land Board and they were required to do so much work in it every three years. They did the amount of work, then the land was patented and it was given to them.SS:CR:SS: Well, when did you get interested and involved with stock raising?CR: Well, I believe about the day I was born. As far back 15
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1as I can remember I was interested in livestock. As my father started building up his herd on his ranch he developed a pretty good cattle herd. As a small boy I can remember going out and helping with the cattle. Now the older boys, my older brother and their fellows, kind of took care of the cattle. They let them go on the range and I used to talk my brother into letting me go with them. That was just about every time that they went out. As far back as I can remember from a very young age, I was interestedSS:in cattle.You mentioned a brother--how many were in your family that did this?CR: Well, my father had seven girls and five boys. All but one of them lived to a ripe old age. In fact, most of them are still living today. But outside of my brother John and myself, my other brothers didn't care as much about livestock as we did. We worked all throughout our lives at it and my other brothers worked at helping out in the farming and other things. When they got married they turned to other things to make a living. Mostly there were just thetwo of us who spent much time at it, stayed with it. SS: What kind of cows did you start with?CR: Hereford cattle. In those days the Hereford cattle16
 CLARENCE ROGERS #1weren't near as good as they are now. We went toimproving them right away and went to making better cattle out of them. The predominant cattle in the county was Hereford cattle.SS: When you first started were there any wild mavericks around?CR: Not when they first started, but later on there got to be quite a lot of maverick cattle in the country. There's quite a lot of tree country between what we call the winter range (that was the open country where there weren't a lot of trees) and the mountain range where they took them for summer (there was a lot of cedar and pinon trees on the mesa). This is the place where cows like to go that were a little bit wild, where they could evade the cowboys and getin trees. Over the years they got to running in them trees and they would have calves in the trees. The calves would be raised in these trees and they got to be wild right to start with. A few years later there got to be quite a lot of them. We'd refer to them as the cowboys, that was a group of men that was a little older than I was at the time, but they had more experiences with the dogged cattle. Every winter when the snow got to be over a foot deep they would make a project of riding off to these trees where the17
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1wild cattle run to catch them and take them off to market to sell them. It was quite a lark to catch the wild cattle in the trees; you had to be a good cowboy to do it and know how. You also had to have a good horse who knew how to do it, too. The horse was just as important as the cowboy. Everybody couldn't catch those wild cattle. Even if he had a good horse,everybody couldn't catch them because you have to have a good combination of a good horse and a cowboy who knew how to ride fast in the trees.SS: Did you ever get in on one of those wild cow [hunts]? CR: Yes, I got in on it a little bit. When I got big enough to do things like that it was on the end of the days of wild cow catching. But I did get in on ita little bit and it was quite a bit of fun, too. You would be riding along as fast as your horse could go. It was dangerous if a limb got in your way, you would just have to brace and hope the limb broke before you did. Yeah, it was quite a dangerous game. But on the other hand both the cowboy and the horse had learned to weave around through the trees as they were running and they tried to keep the cattle in sight. However, as soon as the cattle knew you were there, they'd start to run. They knew you were there 50 to 100 yards away, before you got to them, so they18
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1would take off on you and you wouldn't know. They would run until you got up to where they beensleeping and you wouldn't know they had run until you got up to where they had been sleeping. You would see the tracks where they were running and then they would have quite a start on you. The man of course, he would put the spurs to his horse and he would run the tracks until he got up inside the dust or in the cattle, one or the other. Then he would forget the tracks and either take after the dust or the cow, one or the other, whichever he saw first. But the horse and the man both would learn to see their way through these trees and get up to that cattle. Then the man would have a loop made in his lasso and he would try to get it on one of the cattle. The cattle by this time would split up and each one would go in a different direction. Each cowboy would go after a different critter, and maybe that's the last they would see of each other until they got to camp together that night. Then they would tell their stories of how many they caught and how many got away from them. What happened and one thing or another. But the time you got ready to throw a rope on the critter, why a long limb on a tree would snatch that rope away from you. So that rope would be--they19
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1always had that rope tied solid to the horn of the saddle so the rope didn't get clear away, and you still had one end of it left. Then they would have to coil that rope in and it takes him 100 yards or so that they would have to coil that rope, and they were still riding. They would coil it in and they would watch that cedar tree limb so that it didn't snatchit away again and try to get close enough again to in some way get it on the critter. After they got it on the critter it wasn't all that easy because the cattle were strong and they were hard to handle. So the cowboy then had to try and give the rope a flip over the critter's back and get the rope down around his heels and then put his spurs in the horse and run in the opposite direction. So that the rope tightened around the critter's heels to throw the cow. They tried to throw them real hard, almost so as to knock the breath out of them so that after that cow hit the ground the cow couldn't get up until after the cowboy had got off his horse and run back and got a hold ofher. Usually they tried to get hold of a hind leg, because usually if you can get hold a hind leg you can get her over on her side and get her down. If you have the experience, that is. So they tried to get ahold of the hind leg. (break in tape)--a little20
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1short rope, pegging sting or hog rope they called it. They usually carried it on their waist and they moved around while they still had this cow down on its hindlegs. They would still try to get around this cow while they could get around to the front legs so that they could tie her down so that she couldn't get up. A good horse that knows its business will keep that rope tight, so it will help keep that cow down. All horses, especially when they're just learning, won'talways give you very much help. After that, the next process, every cowboy keeps a 1ittle short saw in their little scabbard on their saddle. He would get that little short saw--fifteen, sixteen inches long, then he would get the saw and saw the critter's horns off so he couldn't get the horse and kill him when you got to handling later on. A lot of times instead of sawing the horns off close to the head, they would saw them off and leave stubs about two or three inches so they could put the rope in these stubs. Then they would get on their horse and move the critter to the closest tree that they could get to and tie him up to the tree and leave him there for a day or two. Of course the cow jumped out and try to get away, but after a day or two they would quit doing that and they learn to give to the rope. Well,21
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1they just would leave them there and let them sulk or let them stay there untii they quit fighting the rope. About three or four days later they would come up back there and lead the critter out. If it happened to be a great big old five year old steer that was bigger than a horse, they would let it standthere longer than they would a smaller critter. A cow or a yearling after a day or two they would just stand her up and they would lay it down near camp. They usually would have a little canyon there, a box canyon, that sides were perpendicular like this. The critters couldn't get out and they would build a high rock fence on each end so they couldn't get out of this narrow canyon. (tape garbled) big enough bunch to teach them to drive. Maybe they would find a few general cows running in there and then they would drive them to the canyon until they taught them to handle and turn. Then they would pull the bars down and start to town with them.SS: Were they--would they brand them or ear mark them?CR: Some of these cattle, if they happened to be cattle that were gentle when they were little, they already had the brand on. If they were raised up there in thetrees, they would be called mavericks and they wouldn't have a brand. If the cowboys happened to22
 CLARENCE ROGERS #1catch a yearling calf that was with a cow and he knew who the cow belonged to, they would put the same brand on it, but if they didn't know who they belonged to or if they didn't know they were mavericks or had no way of knowing where they comeSS:from, they would divide them up later.You mentioned that you went back to camp every night. How long did these roundups take? Did they vary?CR: It varied at times. It could last ten days to two weeks, sometimes a month. Quite often that kind of roundup would last three or four weeks.SS: Then where would you take them to market them?CR: They would be brought to town and held in a corral or field until spring. Then they would take them out to Colorado and sell them up there. Our market at thattime was mostly Colorado.ss: Well, you still don't have any railroad that comesinto Blanding?CR: No, no, the cattle were trucked out to market. A lotof them still go to Colorado, some go other placesalso. They are trucked out now.ss: Where in Colorado did you take them at that time?CR: Well, up to Dolores, Colorado, at that time quite abit.ss: Was there a railroad spur that came in there?23
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1CR: Yes, there was a railroad there and they wouldusually sell them to some of the ranchers there and the ranchers would usually fatten them before they sent them to market. Then they could put them on railroad and ship them when they wanted to.ss: I understand that the freight was so high that it was almost prohibitive?CR: Yes, they really didn't get a lot out of them once they paid all the expenses.SS: What kind of prices did they get on the head?CR: Well, it varied to start with. The price was quite low and it kept coming up. It started at five cents a pound and then it started going up to fifteen and twenty cents and it's been rising gradually most ofthe time since. Of course there's been a slump and it's dropped back down again. But most of the time there's been a raise in the price of cattle.SS: Well, now you were saying a while ago that the horse was just as important as the cowboy in these wild cow roundups. Do you still use horses at all?CR: Yes.ss: How do you manage your herds now?CR: Right now there aren't very many wild cattle in thecountry, and they are handled a little more than they used to be and they are rounded up and driven from24
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1the winter range to the summer range.SS: Now tell me where the winter range is.CR: The winter range is usually in this area and usuallyin an elevation of 3000 to 6000 feet and the summer range is at an elevation above 6000 up to 8000, 9000 feet.SS: And the canyonlands are your summer range?CR: No that's another range.SS: The canyonlands?CR: Then winter range, and then you take them up there inthe summer.SS: Now I understand the government pretty well controlswhen you take them and how many. Is that right?CR: That's right. Each man is now permitted to run so many on the forest and that's all he's allowed. Also the BLM issues a permit to each man for so many. To begin with, if one of us came in, it just depended on how many he wanted to run. The first came in and started to regulate the mountains, and still on the winter range they could run as many as they wanted to and it was still open range. Later on they came in, Ibelieve it was in the thirties, the BLM--Bureau of Land Management--moved in and took over things. They issued permits and they give the men who were running their own range at that time a preference. They25
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1issued permits according to how many they were running at the time and they set up a number of years they called priority years. Whatever a man ran in those priority years, that's what they got a permit for. Of course, later on the BLM decided that the range couldn't handle that many and they cut everybody down the same percentage and cut their number down to fit the range more or less.SS: Have you thought this has been a good policy?CR: Well, yes, it's been a good policy. At that time, they thought it was quite dictatorial, but theythought that they were giving too heavy a cut, more than they should've done. I think it's been a good thing because the range is better than it would have been. It would've been in a lot worse shape than it is now if they didn't have the government control.SS: Did the cattlemen have any say at all in this? Any representation?CR: The cattlemen have what they call an advisory board, a group of men elected by the cattlemen which meets with the BLM and helps them decide these things. At the time, and I guess still to a little extent they think the government's officials are a little dictatorial. So they don't think they have quite asmuch say as they should have. But still they do have26
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1an advisory board which can meet with them and talk with them and discuss these things.SS: How is the advisory board chosen?CR: They are elected by the cattlemen.SS: And you join the association if you wish, is thatright?CR: Yes. You join the association if you wish to. On theother hand, whether you join or if you don't, the BLM and the forest service are running the ranges anyway. But we've always had the cattlemen's association here and they've always elected officers. We¥ve elected the required number of men to the advisory board for the BLM and we've elected the required number to the advisory board for the Forest Service. We elect them in our general meetings. We're having a cattlemen's association meeting on the 9th of August. By the way, the state association meeting is being held here the same day this year. So it will be quite an important meeting because the state officials, organization officials are coming down to hold their annual meeting here in Blanding this year.ss: Where do they usually meet?CR: We usually meet in the high school building orsomething like that.ss: Does the state meeting rotate from county to county27
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1 each year?CR: No, the officials set it up where they want to, and it's usually in Salt Lake. The state officials designate the place. This year they've designated Blanding for their annual meeting. Our association will put on a little barbecue and make arrangements for a place for meeting, or for a barbecue, and we'll have a barbecue and then go on a tour the following day. We're going to take a tour and go on and look at some of the ranges that have had grass planted on them and see some of the sights at the same time.SS: Now you mentioned the ranges that had grass planted-- who planted this grass?CR: On what we call the winter range (that's the part that the BLM has jurisdiction over) the BLM takes the responsibility of it, and usually the man who uses the range cooperates with some help or equipment or something. Usually they work jointly, together, but the BLM is in charge and is responsible for it and sees that it's done. Then, of course, the same thing in the Forestá [ServiceJ¥ In the Forest [ServiceJ there has been a lot of grass planted in the forest, and the Forest [Service] takes responsibility of getting that done. But it's a joint responsibilitybetween the Forest [Service] and the cowboys, between 28
 CLARENCE ROGERS #1the user of the range and the Forest Service. They both help a little on it.SS: You mean in cost wise or just in manpower?CR: Well, the government agencies pay most of the cost,the cash outlay, but the user of the ranges puts up manpower and sometimes other things to cooperate with it and they also agree to take care of reduction in the number of users they have on it until the grass is established. It was quite interesting here a few years ago, I was acquainted with a man at BYU, his name has slipped my mind now, but he was a professor at BYU and he heard about this wild cow catching downin San Juan [County]. I became acquainted with him through a boy of mine that was going to the "Y" and he got me to set up a deal for him with these old time cowboys that were still living at that time, for him to come down and meet them. He brought a tape recorder and we went right out here on the rims of the canyons where this wild cow catching took place and these old timers that done a lot of it just sat there and told stories for an hour or two and then we'd move to another area and the old timers would tell old stories again. He got quite a few stories from those fellows who had done actually done most of this, quite a bit of this cow catching here in this29
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1country. He called it The Wild Cows of San Juan and he wrote a book about it besides his tape; he wrote up a story and he got it published. It's really quite interesting to get some of these actual experiences from the men who were there.SS: Now you said that you got right in on the tail end of that part of the cattle business? How did you manage your herd once you were established on your own?CR: We'd tried to keep our herd tame and we tried to keep our herd from these trees where they go wild. So we drove them around a little more and drove them from range to range a little more than we'd done previously to that. We drove them more, handled them more and corralled them more and things. We tried to keep them from going wild. So now there are very few wild cows on the ranges anymore.SS: Well, have you always had your own herd and been more or less independent, or have you been with some of the bigger cattle concerns that have run cows in this area?CR: Well, to start with, when I was a kid, I worked with my father's cattle. Later on I bought a little bunch of cattle from a man who ran a little out on the ranges here that had a winter permit and summer permit like I've been telling you about. Then later30
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1on after that, I bought another outfit that was a little bigger. So I really built up my own cattle herd. But also during the lean years before I had many of my own, I worked for some of the other outfits. I got some real good experience. I workedSS: CR:for one of the big outfits in the county for awhile, I got some real good experience there.What were some of these companies?Well, this one is the TY outfit because TY was their brand, but it belonged to Scarf and Somerville. So I worked for the Scarf and Somerville outfit and then I worked for (tape garbled). Then it was so big it wasn't run by one outfit, it had to be run in three different groups, and I worked with Al Scarf's cattle on the south end. It was very interesting. With a big outfit that way, you really learn how to handle cattle.Did you buy cattle from him then when you started up? No, I never did buy any cattle from Al Scarf. My father did; he bought some cattle from Al Scarf. Al Scarf, of course, was one of the biggest cattlemen of San Juan [County]. He built up a big herd.This Somerville, you mentioned, was his partner?Yes, he was a partner in the latter part of his years. I might tell you a little experience dealingSS: CR:SS: CR:31
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1with the natural bridges. I wasn't there, but this Al Scarf story was told to me. Al Scarf was riding up there, I believe, at the time, and he had several cowboys with him. In the winter they made one of these projects of catching wild cattle like I told you, and right here near Natural Bridges there's alot of tree country and lots of wild cattle country. There are quite a few wild cattle that run in there, and these cowboys were camping under one of the bridges down there, and they camped there in that canyon so they have feed and water for their horses. Feed and water are quite scarce in the country where you can get enough for horses to eat when you're working them, you know. That's the reason they were camping in that canyon where the natural bridges are, so that they could have feed and water for the horses and themselves. Then each day they would go out of the canyon, up on the mesa there and hunt for the wild cattle and catch them. Tom Jones was working for Scarf that winter. One day he rode right through some trees and discovered some cows and they took off, of course, as quick as they could run. The cowboys each picked him out a separate critter and took after him.Tom Jones started after a red bull. There weren't very many off-colored cattle in the country at that32
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1time, but there happened to be a red yearling bull in the bunch and Tom thought to himself, "That little bull ought to be easy to catch, not used to running like some steer or cow that's used to running. I'lljust catch him right quick and tie him up and jump on my horse and go after the herd and see if I can't catch me another one of the herd." That's what he did, and before too long he had his rope on this little bull, and they're lots easier to handle than a big wild steer or a big wild cow. It didn't take him too long to throw him, and he didn't stop to cut off his horns like he would a big one, he just put his tie rope around the horns of that little feller and he tied him to a tree and jumped on his horse and away he went after the herd again. He caught up with them and he caught a big one there and he spent the rest of the day handling this big steer that he caught. Well, about one or two days later he said, "I think I'll go get that little red bull and bring him down to this canyon." They had all prepared to hold these wild ones where they couldn't get away. So he went up there after that little red bull and he discovered that when he was chasing that little red bull the ground was frozen. It was in the winter, there wasn't any snow on the ground, but the ground33
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1was frozen and the trees were thick. There were lots of little arroyos around there and they all looked alike. He couldn't follow his horse tracks and he didn't know where that was, but he crisscrossed back and forth through the trees there all day long tofind that little red bull. These cowboys have quite a sense of direction; they usually can ride right back to any hidden area. Anyway, but he rode there all day, crisscrossed back and forth where he ought to be, but he couldn't find him. The next day some of the other fellows went with him and they said, "Well, we know where that is and we'll show you." They went up there and they hunted al1 day. They didn't find the bull the third day. They all went up there and criss-crossed back and forth and they didn't find the bull. Well, a few years later, Al Scarf was riding down through the trees there alone, not thinking muchabout anything like that and he ran into a little pair of horns tied to a tree. Just the skull and the skeleton, that's all that was left.SS: He never did make it to the dinner table, I guess.CR: All that hunting for that little red bull and they couldn't find it. But my brother was quite experienced with wild cows, my brother John, and hewas considered one of the fast men in trees. They34
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1used to call them "fast in trees" if they could catch a critter quite quickly. They referred to them as"fast in trees." My brother John was called "fast in trees" and he could catch them pretty good and he had a pretty good horse. He had a big stout horse; it wasn't a very pretty horse, but that horse turned out to be one of the best tree horses there was in the whole country--he really liked to catch them. The cows might be laying down in thick trees and the cowboys went riding along there and hunting for them and the cows would hear them coming and they would jump and run and this horse would sense this. Before the cowboys could, he'd know it. When they jumped and ran he'd either hear them or something, but immediately that horse would take off on the run before his rider knew that they were even getting close to the cows, but he did have one real good wild cow horse. He got quite a bit of experience. One day he was chasing a big steer and they came to a ledge that was about 12 to 15 feet high, and down under the ledge it was real rocky down there, but the old steer jumped over and kept right on running down the country. My brother had pulled up and went back around. That steer had probably got such a lead on him that he'd got away, but he thought, "Well, if35
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1that steer can go over there I can," so he touched his horse with the spurs and he gave him his head and he said there was just enough of a spot to put four horses feet in down there in the rocks. [There were] rocks all over there, but there was one opening that was just big enough for a horse to put four feet in, and the old horse just lit there and the next jump took him out over the boulders and over and out intothe open and it wasn't long till they caught the steer down there. But a fellow has to take chances and be willing to let his horse run.ss: What do you use to work the cattle? Quarter horses? CR: Yes, mostly quarter horses. They seem to be about as good or the best breed of horses that we can get towork with them, with cattle.SS: You mentioned earlier that you had raised or dealtwith sheep as well as cows. Can you tell us somethingabout that?CR: Well, it seems (tape garbled) started trying to getinto the livestock business was during the bad times in the late twenties and the earlier thirties. Quite hard times, money was scarce it seems, so it was easier to buy a few sheep than it was to buy a few cows. So I began working trading for sheep and buying for sheep here and there and trying to build up a36
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1little herd. I got them built up to a few hundred head and then I sold them and put the money into cows because I was interested in them. Also during that time we used to take a job anyplace that we could getit. Jobs were scarce and money was scarce and we needed a little cash. So I worked for two or three different sheep outfits for a few months at a time just for the wages in order to get a few dollars to buy groceries or buy the kids some clothes or hold together what few cows we did have.SS: But you never were as interested in the sheep as you were in the cattle?CR: No, I never was.SS: So many times you read about an area that has so manysheep and cattle in it and there's a lot of rivalry between the sheepmen and the cattlemen. Was that evident in this area?CR: Not very much. The fellows got along good together. Some were fellows that had cattle later on and some were fellows that had sheep, sold their cattle and bought sheep. So there wasn't much rivalry there; there wasn't much trouble between the sheep and the cattlemen. They drew lines and respected each other'slines. They got along pretty good; not much trouble. SS: Well, when you were--how did you work your interests37
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1into mining or minerals, rather, prospecting?CR: Well, of course, about the only minerals you had here that really amounted to much were uranium and vanadium, and there wasn't any chance there was oil in the country. There wasn't any chance for individuals to get in on the oil deals that took too much capital and too much deep drilling to get the oil. When the vanadium-uranium was first discovered here I was riding the range here at the time and I had cattle up at North Elk where quite a lot of the number of good mines were found. I thought, "Well, I ought to get in on that and get me a little cash if that's possible." So I got me a geiger counter--and I'm not a geologist, and I don't know about the formations of the earth, but I did learn to recognize two formations that uranium and vanadium are foundin, and those are the Shinarump formation--the nameof the other one slipped my mind now. SS: Morrison?CR: Morrison, that's it! You're a geologist, aren't you? But those two formations--the Morrison and the Shinarump--are the two formations that are predominantly where the uranium is found. I learned to recognize them by sight and I knew kind of wherethey run in the this country, and especially the 38
 CLARENCE ROGERS # 1ranges that I was running at the time. So I got a geiger counter and we went to Cottonwood and went around these ledges with a geiger counter hunting for a place where it would show through. We found two or three places where there was a slight reaction on the geiger counter and we staked it.SS: Who is we?CR: There were two or three other fellows with me at thetime--there was Alvin Jones and Seth Gunrey and then my boy was with me. He'd go with me part of the time and we'd go around these ledges with the geiger counter. After that one trip I'd go around alone quite a bit of the time. Our first trip out with the geiger counter we found two places that got a slight reaction and we staked it. Later on we leased these claims out to some fellows who were willing to work them and went back in there and wasn't--(truck passes)(END OF S I D E ONE OF T A P E ]39
 [ T H I S I S S I D E T WO O F ] A N I N T E R V I E W W I T H C L A R E N C E R O G E R S , CONDUCTED BY DOROTHY ERICK AND SUZANNE SIMON, AT BLANDING, UTAH ON JULY 27, 1970. [THIS IS PART OF THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.JSS: What were the names of these two places?CR: King George and King James were the names of these two places, these claims that we staked up atCottonwood.SS: Can you remember why you named them as such?CR: Well, I think because we--my boy, I've got a boynamed James and one of the other fellows had a boy named George. We were trying to think of a name for the claims and we wanted something quite pronounced, and we thought it ought to be a king or queen or something, so we just settled for the names of our boys. Put King James and King George in front of it. Kind of funny. Kind of drastic or something. Later on I went out from my camp and went around the rim with my geiger counter hunting for some--trying to get a reaction. In those days we didn't stake unless we were quite sure there might be a chance there, and if we found a place that reacted on the geiger counter, we'd stake it. If it didn't react, we wouldn't stake it. Shortly after that people just started to blanket stake everything whether they got a reaction or not, but in those days, we weren't staking unless we got a40
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Breaction on the geiger counter. This particular day, I went around the rim of my canyon, south of my cabin--I had a nice cabin on the mountain. On horseback I took my geiger counter one afternoon and went around that rim. I never got any reaction on the geiger counter, so I didn't stake anything. Justshortly after that, just a few days after that, some of the Shumway boys went right around the same place where I did and staked the mine which they named the Payday. It turned out to be one of the biggest mines there. I went right over it, only 10 feet too low and that's where I didn't get any reaction on the geiger counter. But I went on around the mountain. A few day later on the opposite side of the mountain over there, I was looking at a place. I thought it looked like a place where there ought to be something there. The earth was a different color and all, so I went over and I got a very slight reaction on the geiger counter and didn't think it was enough to be worth bothering with, but anyhow, I staked a claim and there was a little ore taken out.SS: Well, did you mine this yourself?CR: No, not too--I didn't mine it, I just leased them outto other people.SS: What was that other claim across from the Payday? Can41
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l B you remember?CR: ss:CR:SS: CR:SS: CR:SS:CR:Right now I don't remember the name of it.Well, okay. You mentioned--what time of year does this entail?Oh, let's see, that was--! can't give you the year right now, it was in the forties.Approximately in the middle forties?Well, I think prior to the mid-forties, in '43 orI 44¥This was before they had the metal reserves?Metal reserves was early '50s, mid '50s, early '40s, mid '40s.Right. Had this any effect on--had you heard anything about this?No, no, I never heard anything about that at that time. It wasn't in those days; we didn't stake unlesswe found a place that showed a little reaction on the geiger counter. We didn't stake unless it was worth staking if we didn't get it.ss: You said you leased these--do you remember who you leased them to and for how much? Did you get royalties?CR: Yes, we really couldn't--these fellows came from New Mexico up here named Ransom. We leased these claims to the Ransom brothers and I thought at the time they42
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bwere very foolish to lease them because they had to build a road for so many miles to get up to them through a sand wash. It was real hard to get up there. I thought it was real foolish to lease themand go to work on them not knowing if there is anything there and go on building that road for so many miles to get up there. But it was just a little while after they started mining that they were in pay dirt and it paid off for them. We got a royalty out of it and later on we sold the place.SS: Who did you sell them to?CR: I'm becoming quite forgetful.SS: Was it an individual or a big company?CR: An individual.SS: Well, there were some Ransom mines.CR: Now that's these mines, the King Edward and the KingJames mines. Later they were called the Ransom mines. SS: These people were from New Mexico?CR: Yes, I believe that they were.ss: Now, did you do any prospecting later on?CR: I did a little after that. I staked a few claimsafter that, but they didn't pan out. I sold a claim or two after that in a good area close to other mines for a little bit.SS: Did you form any uranium companies with anyone else? 43
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCR: SS: CR: SS:CR:No.You were strictly independent?Just independent.I'm very interested in the activities that were going on in the White Canyon and the Red Canyon areas. Did you run cattle in those areas?No, I never did run cattle down there. But the big mine down in White Canyon for years and years was considered a big copper mine. There's an old cowboy by the name of Jacob Adams, he was a partner with Al Scarf down there in White Canyon. One time he owned that and he would've given anything in the world to come up with something out of that mine. He thought it was copper there. He looked for copper, and it was just a few years after he died that they discovered uranium there; one of the biggest uranium mines in the country down there.SS: Would that be the Happy Jack?CR: Yes, that's the Happy Jack. This old cowboy thatworked there for years thinking it was a copper mine, I bet he turned over in his grave 20 times when they found that rich uranium ore down there in that place. He spent a little money and he hired a few men to gothere and run a tunnel back in.SS: Did you have any desire to mine or to try and get the44
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l B ore yourself?CR:No, I never did have any desire to get the ore at all. I was busy with my cattle at the time that this was going on. I just took a little time off while I was up there with my cattle to go prospecting and stake a few claims.Well, did it--was it more profitable than the cattle? Yes, for the time spent, it was. It gave me--I got out of the uranium a big boost to pay cattle off. Well, did you go down, did you get in on the extra bonus by any chance?No.You didn't do any of that?No. I thought a bird in the hand was worth more than a bird in the bush, so I cashed in and got the cash and paid off my cattle with it.Well then it changed your way of living a little bit? Yes, it did.Was any of the rest of your family interested in getting in on the uranium boom?No, they didn't do anything about it.So many people were spending up with the uranium stocks and the uranium fever as it was called. Did itSS: CR:SS:CR: SS: CR:SS: CR: SS:CR: ss:get in on your family in any way?CR: No, not at all. I was quite skeptical about those45
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Buranium stocks. The stocks that you speak of were quite--went to nothing. The people who bought stockin the most of that lost their money. I had one thing in mind, taking a sure thing and paying my cattle off. I'd seen so many men here in the country that owed money on their cattle, so that when hard times came they lost their cattle because of it. I had one thought in mind, every cent I got ahold of I put intomy cattle and then payed it off.ss: Then the uranium did what you wanted it to?CR: That's right. It did what I wanted it to. Theseuranium stocks didn't tempt me at all.SS: Did you get to meet other people that came into townor were there many people who came into town becauseof the uranium?CR: There were quite a few people who came into townbecause of it. Quite a few from other states and I got to meet a few people, not a lot. I was busy with my stock, and if I wasn't on the mountain tending my livestock up there, I was down here cutting hay and putting up to feed them in winter. Even in winter, I didn't get to see a lot of them that came in.ss: Did many of them stay, or did they pass through?CR: Not too many. They didn't stay long. They were looking, trying to get a hold of something, hoping46
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bthey could get a hold of something. They knew pretty well where the best pay dirt was and the local people had most of that. There weren't too many from outside that stayed too long. There were a few, but not too many.SS: Were these outsiders really willing to work?CR: Yes, the ones I knew were willing to work and theyworked really hard at it.ss: How did it affect the town?CR: Well, it made some payrolls that the town neededpretty bad, and of course when you have a payroll, grocery stores and the other places do better. People eat a little better and wear a little better clothing. It did help things out quite a bit better. It helped out the stores and everything, I think. After this uranium boom came on I was always sorry I didn't study geology because there's a geologist, quite a noted geologist who spent some time in this country, his name was Gregory, Professor Gregory. He spent quite a little time at different times in this country. I had the privilege of being with him out on a trip down the White Canyon country for a few days. Since the uranium business came up I was always sorry I couldn't have been with him more and studied the formations more. It was good to have been out with47
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BProfessor Gregory for a few day like that.SS: Were you acting as his guide?CR: Yes, and his packer. I got my horses and my packs toget him around. I've used my horses and my pack outfit quite a number of times to bring in the cash to help out with my business, like going out with surveyors and things like that. These maps that you see now, the country requests maps to show elevations and everything in all these places. I worked with that survey crew for two or three summers and acted as a guide and also packer with horses and pack outfits with them. So I got to help make that map. But it was really interesting working with the surveyors making the maps.SS: Well, were they interested in uranium also?CR: No, they didn't know anything about it at the time;they strictly worked with making the maps.SS: Were these the topographical maps for the government? CR: Yes.ss: How many men would be in a crew like that?CR: About 10 surveyors and about 10 helpers. Somewhere inthat neighborhood. Some of the times more, some of the times less. The first summer of all I went out with a man by the name of Ranta, R-A-N-T-A, and we put up triangulation stations that summer for them to48
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Buse in their surveying to survey in the following summer. We put up triangulation stations to be used to see if they were right and they would check with these triangulation stations to check their work. We put them on high hills or high parts of the mountains, in different places so they could see themfrom a long ways off. They would check into them while they were doing their surveying; they would check back into the triangulation stations and that helped them in their elevation work on these topographies. But that was a good experience.SS: When you take a large group into a rugged area like that, do you figure you can live off the land a little bit?CR: We take all of our food, we don't even try to live off the land. We take all of our food with us, but for water. That's the reason I was the guide because I knew where the water holes were. I was quite well acquainted with it. (tape garbled)ss: Did you know about (tape garbled) out in White Canyon? (tape garbled)--working for the Atomic Energy Commission?CR: No, I--(tape garbled)ss: Did you know any of those working at that time forthe AEC?49
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCR: (tape garbled)--I met a few that came through there. ss: Was it Pace by any chance?CR: No. Speaking of mining down here, you know thatthere was a lot of placer mining down here on the Colorado river done at that time? After Lake Powell started to form, I got me a boat. I've still got it, it ' s down on Lake Powel1 now. I went up to these placer mines in my boat and there's an old scraper there which they used to scrape gravel into the sluice with sluice boxes. It's kind of eroded away and the tunnels are gone out of it, but the old scraper's still there. I put that old scraper in my boat and Ive got that scraper here now in the lot. Old slip scrapers that were used to punch the gravel into the sluice boxes down on the Colorado River. I'd like to put it in a museum if the town gets one. Ithink it should be put in a museum and kept.ss: That's quite a relic.CR: It's something you don't see anymore, and this onewas pretty well eroded away, but it's still a slipscraper that was used in placer mining.ss: So you recall just where you found it?CR: I don't know the name of the placer mine I got it by,but it was several miles down below Red Canyon.SS: Now this would not have been accessible except by50
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCR:water?Or on horseback. These placer miners went in by horseback to get to the placer mines. I've been down there to several of the placer mines on horseback prior to this time. So all these placer miners could get there on horses.Are any of these areas inaccessible by horse, I mean are there any places where you couldn't get to by horseback out here?Well, there are lots of canyons with perpendicular walls and there are a lot of places that you can't get into and can't cross them. But you can go up or down a few miles and if you know where the trail is,you can get in or get across them. About all of them. Then you can get where you want to go?Sometimes you have to go quite a ways around, but you can get there if you know these trails. There are only certain places where the trails cross these canyons. But if you know where they are you can get to most any place you want on horseback.SS:CR:SS: CR:ss: Well, Lake Powell has now covered up much of this area.CR: Yes, it's covered up these placer mines and lot of these other things.SS: The depth of Lake Powell will vary from time to time. 51
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCR: SS:CR:Yes.And sometimes these will be visible and other times they w ill be covered?Well, I don't know whether these placer mines will ever be visible again or not. They were quite low down, you know. That's a lot of water above them, so I don't know if the lake will be drained down enough to show these placer mines again.There have been many articles on the pros and cons of the advisability of Lake Powell. Have you heard that around here, or what is your opinion on that?Well, my opinion is that it's one of the best things that's ever happened to the country in a lot of different ways. It means a lot to stabilize the water in these lower states with irrigation. Arizona and California, it's given them a lot of extra water at the right time of year when they need it, so it's done a lot for them. Of course up here in Utah, we can't use any of the water for farming or anything like that, but it's made one of the greatest recreational areas like that in the whole world. That lake is just fantastic. I've been going along the shore of the Colorado River on this side in a lot ofplaces by horseback before this dam was made and since it was made I've been in a lot of places in mySS:CR:52
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bboat. Up inside the canyons and around it'sfantastic. It's one of the finest things that's ever happened, not only to the people of this country, but the people of the whole United States to have an enjoyable visit. An enjoyable time there, it's just fantastic. You just don't hardly believe what you see down there sometimes in some of those places.--Comein, Reva!--You'll see it there, and now we've got one of the best in the whole world. I have to believe that. I wouldn't back off to anybody in saying that that's one of the best recreational places in the whole world for sightseeing, for boating, for fishing, it's a wonderful thing to have, I'll tell you.SS: Well, according to the map, there were places where the uranium outcroppings were showing. Do you know anything about that?CR: Yes. There were a few places where there was quite a bit of the shale formation showing down there along the river down there in places where it shows up. The uranium shellings were there, but they never found enough to amount to anything. They spent quite a bit of money prospecting there in places, but they never got any returns there. That doesn't mean there isn't any there, but they didn't find anything that was53
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bworth much. By deep dri11ing and other means, we might have found something there, but the prospects weren't too good for that.SS: Well, you know this has been a most enjoyable interview and we certainly do appreciate it. Is there anything you would like to add now? We are kind of out of questions.CR: Well, I might say that Rainbow Bridge is one of the nicest things in the country, and a trip to Rainbow Bridge is interesting. By the way, I went to Rainbow Bridge in 1932 on horseback, I believe it was, and went cross-country a lot of the way. We took some people from Cleveland, Ohio, and it was quite an enjoyable trip across there.SS: how long did it take?CR: Eleven days.ss: THere and back?CR: No, just the one way. Eleven days one way and thenthe people that we took down there had a car come down there and they left us and we come back by ourselves without them. We took a shortcut and it didn't take so long.SS: This was a part of you pack and guide service?CR: But that was a very enjoyable trip and we got a lot of experience out of it. We forded the San Juan River54
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bdown there, and that could've been quite a lot of trouble. It rose two feet while we were down there. While we were crossing it and just after we crossed, there was a big cloudburst there on the slickrock on the river. We had some experiences, and we could have had some bad ones there if we had been a little bitSS:CR:SS: SS:CR:later. But that was an enjoyable trip across the mountains down to Rainbow Bridge.Then most of the work that's been dome here had been done by people who have lived here and/or have experience in and around this area?Yes, I think so. The first white man trip to Rainbow Bridge, I've been quite interested in that because I was acquainted with a number of the characters who took the first white man trip to Rainbow Bridge.Why don't we stop it? (break in tape)Are you ready? You were going to tell us about some of the early explorers or some of the people that were here early.I was just thinking of the first white man trip to Rainbow Bridge. I know several of the men. The old Indian that first found Rainbow Bridg.e first, I've known him as long as any man I can remember. He's a native of around here. He's lived around Blanding here as far back as I can remember. His name is Jim55
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BMike and he's the man who found Rainbow Bridge thefirst time. A lot of people disagree with that because Nobchob Begay has been given that credit for finding Rainbow Bridge, and they put his plaque down there on the mall near the bridge. But it's not true, it's absolutely not true. I've known this story as far as I can remember, and I've known this old Indian Jim Mike that found the bridge and he showed it to Nobchob Begay and Nobchob's father. A few years later John Weatherall was taking a man, either Cummings or Douglas, it was two men at the same time, I believe. They were both working for the government. I'm mixed up now as to which one was Douglas and which one was with Weatherall. I'm mixed up as to which one was with Weatherall or which one was with Dan Perkins, anyway, their names were Douglas and Cummings. John Weatherall, the famous guide was taking one of them in there and he was going to get Nobchob Begay to guide him in. The other man, Dan Perkins from Blanding was taking him in and he was taking old Jim Mike as a guide to show him the way in. Like I stated, Jim Mike was the first modern man to see Rainbow Bridge, and he showed it to Nochob Begay and Nochob Begay's father. But John W eatherall got Nochob Begay and made arrangements to guide him in.56
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BSo John Weatherall, he claimed that Nochob Begay found the bridge and he gave him credit for it. Of course the Park Service took the word of John Weatherall. Nochob Begay, as far as the Park Serviceis concerned, that's the way it is, but that story is absolutely not true. The old man that found it is an honest, honorable Indian, and I've know him as far back as I've known anybody. If you girls would like to meet him, I'll make arrangements for you to do so and you can talk to him about it.SS: That would be very wonderful because we have another girl with us who is very interested in Indian culture and the Indian people around here. That would be a real thrill.CR: Of course Jim Mike is áa friend of mine like Nothchobbygay is a friend of John Weatherall and I'd 1ike to see Mike get his just dues. I had been wanting to take him on a return trip to Rainbow Bridge, and I did this about a month ago in my boat. I took old Jim Mike to Rainbow Bridge and he is almost 100 years old--he doesn't know how old he is, but he figures he is right about to 100, and by adding things up that I know about, he's right close to 100 now. He went in my boat and then took the hikeup the canyon beyond the boats to Rainbow Bridge with 57
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bme. This summer I had some kids with me from BYU who wanted to ride along and go up to Rainbow Bridge with me and hear Mike's story. I hope Jim Mike can get hisjust dues from it.ss: How did he like seeing it with the lake there? Ordoes he get around much anymore?CR: No, he doesn't get around much anymore, he gets up totown about once a week to buy groceries, but he enjoyed it and he enjoyed the hike up there. He went slow, like an old man would, but he enjoyed it and got up there. I was out on a trip with John W eatherall and John W eatherall is a great guide and a famous guide and a good man to be out and about with. I was out on a trip with him one time for 30 days. I wasn't working with him, but I happened to be out with him. I got to thinking an awful lot of John W eatherall, and I'm happy that I did become acquainted with him and that I was out on the trip with him because I learned a lot and I was happy about it. He took this man there, it goes, again, I can't remember is he had Douglas or he had Cummings. Now I've got a story of that it was written by Neil Judd and it was published in Arizona Highways three or four years back, and I loaned it out or else I would check it out and see for sure which man58
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCummings had or which man John Weatherall had or which man Dan Perkins had. But, anyway, John Weatherall left Oljato with this man, and on the way up there he knew the general direction to go; he knew you had to go around the north side of Navajo Mountain along next to the San Juan River and he knew you had to circle the mountain in order to get back through and around there to Rainbow Bridge. He knew that much about it. On the way he was going to go past Nochob Begay's camp and pick this boy up to guide him in. When he got to Nochob Begay's camp, Nochob Begay was out looking for horses and wasn't there, and so he told the boy's father that he'd be going on and that when he came in he should take up camp and follow later, "You tell him that we'll be going on and for him to take our tracks and come and catch up with us. " So, right at the same time Dan Perkins left from over here with the other man; they'd both heard of Rainbow Bridge and they wanted to go see and report to the government if it was as big and wonderful as they'd heard about, you know. So while they were in the area, they thought they'd go to Rainbow Bridge and find out what was there. It was just a coincidence that they ran into each other nearthe point of Navajo Mountain and they went in 59
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Btogether. Jim Mike was with the one party and Nochob Begay was supposed to be with the other party. Now in writing this story up, Neil Judd, he was with the Weatherall party and he wrote this story up. Hestates in there that Nochob Begay was the man that guided them in, but later on in the story he says that Nochob Begay didn't catch up with them until they were almost at the bridge. Now if Nochob Begay didn't catch up with them until they were almost at the bridge, who guided them through that labyrinth of canyons and over those rugged mountains to get them there and that rough country around Navajo Mountain to get them there? Well, it was Jim Mike that guided them in, he was the only other one there that had been to Rainbow Bridge. Also, Neil Judd had a picture of the two groups going to Rainbow Bridge and Jim Mike is there with his long braids hanging down his shoulders, but Nochob Begay isn't in the picture. Neil Judd says himself that Nochob Begay didn't catch up with them until they were almost to the bridge, and so Mike would've had to guide them in then.SS: Who took the picture?CR: I assume it was Neil Judd, but I'm not sure aboutthat. I knew of these stories long before Neil Judd wrote this article for a magazine. I knew them60
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bbecause I knew Dan Perkins and talked to him about it. I also talked to John Weatherall about it, like I said, on the pack trip out in the canyons for 30 days with John Weatherall. We were out with a man from New York named Bernheimer, and I talked to John Weatherall about that trip and I've talked to DanPerkins about that trip. I've talked to this old Jim Mike himself about how he found Rainbow Bridge and how it was done. I am thoroughly convinced that Jim Mike was the first modern man to see Rainbow Bridge and he showed Nochob Begay and Nochob's father. Jim has told me that many times and I've know him, I've bought sheep from him, I've traded horses with him,and I've found him to be a very honest, honorable man and I thoroughly believe his story, what he says about it. I would like to see him get his just dues someway. These students from BYU told me when I let them go on that trip with Jim Mike and me, when Imade the return trip with Jim Mike to the Bridge, that they would write it up and get it published at BYU and make it known around there and put it in their library and so forth.ss: Where is Jim Mike now?CR: He lives about ten miles south of Blanding. ss: on the reservation?61
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCR: ss:CR:ss: CR: SS: CR:SS:On the Ute reservation down there.That would be wonderful if we could set up a time. Is there any particular time?Well, I think we could go down there and catch him home at any time.In the daytime?In the daytime.Would you have some time during the day?Yes, I 'd take some time in the day. If I could get somebody to write up Jim Mike's story, I'd take the time so they could see him and do that.I think that we [should] get together with Kathy, if that would be alright. You wouldn't mind taking her too, would you, because she had worked with the Indians?That'd be fine.That would be really exciting.I'm looking forward to that myself.Okay, can you remember any other experiences?CR~SS:CR:ss:CR: Well, I remember that trip to Rainbow Bridge. It wasone of the finest pack trips that I ever took in my life. We enjoyed that immensely and we pretty well had to swim the San Juan River the way it was. Our horses were able to wade it, but another inch deep and they'd have had to swim. But we all got across62
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Balright and got some good experience out of it at the crossing there and all. It's very interesting country around the northeast corner of Rainbow Bridge. There's a very interesting place down there a few miles before we get to the Bridge right on the side of Navajo Mountain that we call Surprise Valley. I believe it's the place that Zane Grey called theSurprise Valley, I believe it was in the Riders of the Purple Sage that he mentions Surprise Valley. I believe that that's the Surprise Valley that he talks about. He was there to the Bridge, I believe it was in 1913, and I think it was there that he was picking material for Riders of the Purple Sage and he speaks of Surprise Valley. Zane Grey's name is in a crack, a crack about 14 inches wide between some rocks down there at Rainbow Bridge. It's kind of hidden; there aren't very many people who've seen it. His name is in a crack between some rocks there at Rainbow Bridge.SS: What was that date? Do you recall?CR: No, I don't recall, but I believe it was 1913. SS: Then it was the early part of the century.CR: Uh-uh.SS: This pack work and all, did it help you in knowing all the formations and did it help you when you went63
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l B prospecting?CR:Yes, I'm quite interested in different formations around, and I was never around people like geologists who knew them, but I heard the names of some of them and I'd ask, "Which is this one? And which is this one?" I learned to recognize only a few of them, and the two to three that I did learn to recognize in this area, it did help in knowing how to look for uranium. I spoke a while ago of going down White Canyon with Professor Gregory. He discovered and named what is known as the Navajo sandstone, that formation. He'd never seen áit before until he'd come to this country. He'd never seen it before until he'd come to San Juan County, and he named it Navajo sandstone.This is a white sandstone?Yes, a smooth whitish stone. [Editor's note: It can appear to be many different colors such as tan, orange, white, grey, pink, brown or yellow depending on its location and the time of day.]Where was Dr. Gregory from?I don't know where his home town was. At the time I knew him he was working for the government. He was quite a man. I wasn't with him very long, just a fewdays, but I enjoyed him.SS: CR:SS: CR:64
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BSS: Well, we want to thank you again. This has beenCR:SS:CR:SS:CR: SS: CR:SS: CR:delightful.Wel1, it was for me too, because I enjoy talking about San Juan County.We do appreciate you taking the time and giving usthe information. We'11 look forward to our meeting with Jim Mike.Fine. Well, I think we could set it up in the next day or two. In fact, if we went down there any day we could catch him down there.Do you think it would be better in the morning or afternoon?I think it would be better in the morning.Okay.'Cause he might go to Bluff or he might go to Blanding to a store. It'd probably be better first thing in the morning.Okay, thanks again.But this county is chalked up with canyons, that's why they made Canyonlands National Park in San Juan County is because there are so many chalked up canyons here. I know where these canyons are and where these trails cross them and where the waterholes are, the springs, the places like that. I've been over most of it on horseback and I know65
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bwhere the water holes are. You kids ought to see some of the interesting places while you are here. There are places that ought to be--if they were back in some eastern state they'd be with little spots around--they'd made a state park if they were back in some of the eastern states. In the flat country out here there are big and deep caves with Moqui ruins in them and three lines of defense in that cave where they've made fortress walls in order to protect themselves against the enemy. Then you kids know about Hovenweep out here on the Utah-Colorado border?SS: Y es.CR: Well, you haven't been there though?SS: No.CR: Well, it's a small canyon, it's not very colorful,kind of a grey canyon, not very deep with--there are tar houses built around the head of it, and it's my opinion that they were built to live in, but also a fortress to guard the water because water's so scarce in this arid country that he who controls, owns thewater holes controls the surrounding country. So if they built a fortress around the water hole and protect the waterhole, they controled the surrounding country because of it. That's my opinion why they had these fortresses and these big round tower houses66
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bbuilt around that waterhole, that canyon up from Mesa Verde. Not Mesa Verde but Hovenweep. Well, out west here about 25 miles there's a place similar to that,it's got the water holes and it's got the tower houses built around it but the canyon is so much bigger and so much colorful that it's a lot better, more beautiful. It's just a lot better setting although it's a lot more similar to Hovenweep. It's so much bigger and the rock is more colorful, more red and the canyon is so much deeper and wider, in my opinion, it's way ahead of Hovenweep.SS: Is it part of a state park?CR: Oh no, it isn't anything nobody knows about. Therewasn't anybody who knew anything about it until I started showing people a few years ago. After that they got a road out that way, it's about a mile or a little more off the road. There wasn't hardly anybody who knew about it outside of cowboys until I started showing people, and now the people I've shown it to have taken their friends and those people have taken their friends, and now there's a few people who have seen it. The BLM discovered it just two or three years ago but they haven't done anything about it. It is a real interesting place. Around these tower houses at the head of the canyon and that67
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bwaterhole, why you can stand all night and see on the cliff and a half a mile on the other side of thecanyon. It's a big, wide canyon, you can see Moqui houses way down there. You could, I've never been down to the Moqui houses, way down there, but it's a huge, colorful canyon.ss: What kind of a road goes out there now?CR: Just a jeep road that you can go there with your car on out Highway 95 on the road, the one that goes across there to Hanksville, goes to Halls Crossings and out to there, you can go out there on that road for about 25 miles and then you need a jeep to godown and turn off the road down there.SS: Well, if it's not more than a couple of miles thenyou could walk in, couldn't you? CR: Oh, yeah.SS: Is it to the left of Highway 95 or to the right?CR: It's to the left going out. But it's really interesting and there's another place out here. áThere's a big, deep cave that's got three lines of defense in it that the ancient people have made inthere. It's a huge cave and it goes back so far that it's just pitch black back in there. They've got one fortress wall right out the mouth of the cave and the enemy has to come up a steep hill, and these people68
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bthat lived there are behind this wall with their bows and arrows and their tomahawks and it doesn't look to me as though the enemy has much of a chance. They've got this wall built across there and the central partof the wall is built up with mortar, with mud, with lookholes pointing in every direction--sideways and down and every direction so that no matter where the enemy comes in, they can look through one of the holes and get their arrow on them. Then both ends, the one is laid up with rock just loose and then you go back in the cave and part of the cave goes to the north and part of the cave goes to the south and there's a wall that goes across each one of them and there's a fortress wall that goes across each one of them--and when they get back in there they're in complete blackness behind a rock wall and the enemyis coming in with the skylight and they've got them in the crossfire. It's the best defense I've ever seen in the country, and I 've seen a lot of placeswhere they've built fortresses and things for defense, but this thing in that cave is the best I've seen anywhere. It's a cave that very few people have seen up until a few years ago and then very few since then.SS: Where is it located?69
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCR: It's out here at the head of what they call Butler'sWash. It's out here about 16, 17 or 18 miles.SS: Well, this is certainly historical country.CR: It is. Here quite a number of years ago there was aguide here by the name of Zeke Johnson. He used to guide people out here in to some of these areas and I got some of my training from him, too. He took a fellow, I think, from the University of Utah, an archaeologist, and he took him around digging to different ruins and caves and mounds and other places. I'm inclined to believe that that man--I can't remember his name now--but I'm inclined to believe that Zeke Johnson took him there because thefirst time I went in there I saw where someone had been there and had sawn off a piece of this old mud. I believe it--they gave the carbon test to establish the age of it, and someone had sawed it off. I don't know of anybody else who had done it except that man that was with Johnson a few years back. Zeke was pretty well acquainted with all these canyons, and not only acquainted with them, but still having that man with him. They explored and hunted more places, and because that wood was sawed off and a piece taken, I think that they were in there, looked arounda little and took a piece of wood out. 70
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BSS: Did Zeke Johnson have a son called Zeke Johnson, Jr.? CR: Uh-huh.SS: Is that person around here?CR: No, he lives in Salt Lake. I don't think he spends a lot of time in Salt Lake. He travels quite a bit; he goes down around Phoenix in the winter and he had two or three racehorses, kind of slow racehorses, but he takes the racehorses and goes around the track quite a lot. So I don't think he spends a lot of time in his home in Salt Lake anymore.SS: Was this Zeke Johnson around here at the time of the uranium boom?CR: No, Zeke Johnson had died by then.SS: No, I meant Zeke Johnson, Jr.CR: Yes, young Zeke, he was working for the Red Ranchesover here in La Sal about the time the uranium boom was on. His wife was cooking down there at what they called the Big Indian--the vanadium mine down there at Big Indian out south of La Sal. Zeke Johnson Jr. was working for Charley Red on Red Ranches. His wife was cooking down there and somebody there discovered that there was uranium down there. A lot of the boys staked claims down there and some of them staked some claims for Zeke's wife, and it was the right one and she made a lot of money out of it. That's the reason71
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bnow why he can take his racehorses and follow the tracks.SS: What was his wife's name?CR: Margaret. Yeah, I knew Zeke Jr. real well; we went toschool together and rode the ranges together there. SS: Then he would be an interesting person to talk to ifwe found him? CR: That's right.ss: Someone did say that he was down around Scottsdale, and I was wondering if you had any address on him?CR: Well, the only address I've had down there--I don't have it, but it'd be very easy to find, and that's a trailer court near the racetrack. When he goes down there he has a trailerhouse, he goes to the racetrack. He stays there and takes care of his horses and--SS: Would his wife go with him, or is she still alive? CR: Yeah, she usually goes with him.SS: That would be one good way of tracking him down. CR: Well, are we all done now?SS: I think so.CR: You could get his phone number out of the Salt Lakedirectory telephone book and his address too, Iguess.SS: Oh, that's a good idea.72
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCR: Maybe my wife remember his address there. I don'tremember whether we've got it or not. I 've been to his place there in Salt Lake, but I don't know whether I've got it written down or not. I haven't seen or heard of him for a year now so I don't know where he is right now. He might be in Salt Lake for all I know.ss: We can do some checking then. I'd forgotten about that, you're right. Now you were going to tell us about an Indian massacre in White Canyon.CR: It was one of the early day Indian skirmishes in the county. I don't know where it originated out here in Colorado, but it was cowboys from around Cortez and Dolores thrown in with some of the Army that came here from Ft. Lewis in Colorado. They went after these Indians, and the Indians came west trying to get away from them. They came across into Utah and then across just south of Monticello and south of the Blue Mountains and then went up over Elk Mt. and went clear across Elk Mt. to the west side and off down the south side and right up to the top. There's a perpendicular ledge up there with just a little wedge for a trail to go through. They set up an ambush andwhen the soldiers and the cowboys went up there, the Indians opened up with everything they had, killed73
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Btwo of the soldiers and the rest of that posse retreated. They went back down to the foot of the hill, soldiers, cowboys and all. That night theIndians went down there with their dogs and set their dogs on them where these two men were shot. They set their dogs on them and got their dogs to kill them. These men are buried out there now, and they're buried right out alongside the road. Boy scouts went out. At first the cowboys pulled out some old dead trees and made a 1ittle fence around the graves, later some Boy Scouts from Blanding, from Troop 13, went out there and put a fence around it. A little later the state road men who were working [on the] road out there put a little better fence around out there so the graves are marked and there's a fence around them with a little story telling who they are and how they ended up there. But a few years ago, I came into possession of a story of what happened there by someone who was there, and tonight I'm going to give you a copy of it, that story. I had some copies made up, and as long as I was making some copies for myself, I thought I'd make up a few more because I like to have them for people who were interested in it. I also gave a copy of it and a copy of the Posey written by John D. Rogers to the74
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BMonticello library and to the Blanding library. I'rn going to give you people a copy tonight.SS: That's wonderful.CR: For you to preserve for history or whatever you liketo do.SS: A copy will be made for the library of the Universityof Utah and the library at Fullerton state College at Fullerton so that there'll be two documents that will be kept on record from the one that you give us.CR: Well, if somebody like you people don't put them in libraries and keep them, pretty soon people will forget about them and they'll all be gone.ss: That's why we're here tonight.CR: It's a fine thing. These things are historical, andit's a fine thing to preserve them for that purpose. SS: That's right, they're important.CR: I ¥ve been--I don ¥t do much about it, but I ¥ve beeninterested in it, and so both of our libraries in this [county] have copies of it ¥cause I figured that after I'm gone and the papers I've got are burned up and destroyed, still there might be a copy in the library.ss: That's wonderful. You were going to add on another part of the story of the Posey War.CR: Yes, it's just a little bit that followed after the 75
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bwar was over. During the war, one of these boys that broke jail was killed and old Posey was shot in the hip pocket and about two weeks later he died from the wound. He hid out in the canyon and died from the wound. Well, at the time, quite a few men from aroundBlanding knew where these men were buried right near where they died. Quite a few of the men, the cowboys and others knew where the graves were, but over a period of time and lapse of years and lapse of memory and other things, why we don't exactly know where the graves are. About every year either we get on our horses--and we know within a few rods of where the graves are, but we can't find them. After Posey was buried, he died of his wounds, but after he was buried, he was dug up three times by interested parties to see for sure that it was Posey that was dead because the cowboys weren't safe riding the ranges alone as long as he was alive. After that war, different ones wanted to be sure that he was dead, so he was dug up three times by groups who wanted to know for sure that it was him. But now the people that are still living that did see the grave have forgotten where it is and can't find it. We make pilgrimages about every year to hunt for it. It wouldbe a tragedy if we found it because that would do 76
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Baway with our pilgrimage to hunt for it, so I hope we never find it. This way we can go out and hunt each year.That's kinda like that red bull calf.Yeah, we do enjoy taking a trip out there and hunting for the grave, but the men who saw it disagreed about which grave he was buried by. They know he's buried by a rock on the side of a hill. We know he's buried, we know where he died, he died in a little cave and we know where that cave is where he died, but theSS: CR:SS: CR:exact spot where he's buried we don't know which rock it's by. One man says it's by this rock, another say's it's by this one.Have they tried to dig?Yes, we've dug by al1 the rocks. By one rock they said he was buried by I dug up a skull, but I'm sure it wasn't Posey's; it was older than that. I have the skull that I dug up up there, but I'm sure that it wasn't Posey's, it was an ancient skull that was there.SS: Well, you've got a lot of rocks in San Juan county. I'm sure you can keep digging for a long time.CR: There are really a lot of rocks. I'11 show you a picture of Posey.SS: That would be wonderful. 77
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l BCR: I'll show you two pictures of Posey, how about that? SS: Was he considered a renegade?CR: Yes--I'11 be right back, where we can see a littlebetter. SS: Okay.CR: Let's see now, some of them have disappeared. I had one group of pictures right there and they've disappeared. I had them yesterday. Well, I was just showing a fellow last night a picture of Posey that was right there. Well, I'11 let you be looking at these. There's a picture of myself and a couple of my nephews. There's one of my hunting pictures. There's me.SS: Oh boy!CR: There are some more hunting pictures. Here are somepictures of Posey that I have. Here's Posey's head and here's his body. This is after he'd been buried a few days and they dug him up and took his picture. This man is Leland Brigg; he lives here in Blanding. The picture's not very plain, but it's the best we've got. Here's his head here and his body comes along here, and these are the men behind him that dug him up. He was dug up three times and pictures were taken twice of him. That's his face right there.ss: He must have been dug up a relatively short time 78
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l B after his death.CR: Yes, just a few days. I'11 see if I can find that picture of him as a young man. I showed it to a fellow just last night. It was right there. I told you all the bad things about old Posey, but the old fellow had some good in him anyway. I recall one timewhen there were some cowboys riding up Cottonwood Wash one time and they ran into a group of Indians that included Posey and Joe Bishop's boy, the renegade that was killed in the Indian war and some of the others. Some of the young bucks who thought that they were pretty tough and some of the others and when they saw these cowboys, the young bucks rode up to them and surrounded them, and the cowboys seeing that they were outnumbered were very meek and docile, of course. One of these Indians, Joe Bishop's boy, rode up and hit Corey Perkins over the head with his quirt, and then as Corey kind of raised his arm to deflect the blow, the Indian pulled his gun and shoved the barrel into Corey Perkins' stomach and said, "I'm going to kill you," and made some remark about it. Quickly old Posey ran his horse over there between Corey Perkins and Joe Bishop's boy with such force that it knocked the Indian's horse away and it stopped him from killing him. Then he told him they79
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bcouldn't understand his language, but he could tell that he told him to put that gun away and leave these men alone. So when Posey wasn't on the warpath, there were times when he was a pretty good Indian. Later on I became acquainted with Posey's oldest son and he was a very fine Indian, very respectful of people and he never was a troublemaker. His name was Just Posey. He never did cause any trouble, he was a good, honorable person. He was a good Indian, I was wellacquainted with him. I bought sheep from him and traded horses with him and had him work for me. I've had old Posey's grandson's work for me and they were very docile and not troublemakers at all. Both Posey's son and his grandson were very good to be around and they were good workers.SS: That's fine.CR: Somebody ought to put a good word in for old Poseyonce in a while. He wasn't bad all the time. Now we've been talking about uranium mining and uranium claims. Now maybe I should have stated that when we stake a uranium claim, we have to have a piece of paper that's called a--ss: Claim notice?CR: Claim notice. That we have to put up there and thenwe have to put up the four corners. On this claim 80
 CLARENCE ROGERS # l Bnotice it just states that we're making claim to this certain area of ground. I'11 read you one of these claim notices just so that you can know how it's donein San Juan county. It goes this way:We, the undersigned men of worth do this day locate and claim the whole damned earth. We claim all air and sunshine, too. All the way up to where the sky shines blue, we claim all oil and gas as well from the top o' the sagebrush down to hell. We settle all difficulties with Colt .44 and re-locate to 'til Hell's no more.I think that's only used in San Juan county. Now just to let you people know what kind of character this is you've been interviewing here tonight, I'd 1ike to read you a little thesis that my grandson made when he was asked by his teacher in the sixth grade to write a story of their most unforgettable character. This is what my grandson came up with and handed in to his teacher for his assignment. A day or two later, when he got it back, his mother noticed it laying on the table and sent it to me, and I think it's quite descriptive of this unforgettable character:My most unforgettable character is in close relation to me. He is a kind man toward me but81
 CLARENCEROGERS # l Bnot just toward me, he has feelings like you or me but probably more so. Again, he can be meaner than anybody you hope to know. His cheery disposition is hardly ever changed unless someone's careless actions make him to. Although he has many good things about him, he haslearned many bad, but funny habits. He is a nuisance, you can't do anything without him nosing around. Once my sister had just baked a cake. She left it for a minute and when she came back, it was gone. Everybody knew who took it, but he never confessed and we finally found it underneath the cookie jar. He is a civil defense manager in San Juan County, Utah. A farmer and cattle raiser, an LDS member and much more. He probably won't be a civil defense manager because he is a Republican and there are manywho aren't. His name is Clarence D. Rogers. While he was young, he helped to fight the last Indian uprising. His family was the third family in Bluff and the second in Blanding. He is my grandfather.SS: Okay, thank you, Mr. Rogers.[END OF INTERVIEW]82