  LEE SHUMWAY Blanding, UtahAn Interview BySuzanne Simon and Dorothy ErickUranium History Project Tape No. 135July 20, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 T ABLEStarted Prospecting. First Uranium Found .. Location of Claims . . Balsely Buys Uranium. Early Mining ..... VCA Mill in Monticello.OFCONTENTS. 1. 1 2 2 3 5 AEC еееееееееееее5Ore Production ProcessShinarump in White and Red Canyons.Ruggedness of Country . .Start Process to Separate Copper From Uranium Dealing with VCA ............... .AEC BonusHigh Cost of Moving Equipment Into Mining Area. Influx of Boom Time Greenhorn Promoters. Successful M iners.Hazards of W eather and T errain7911 . 12 13 14 16 . 17 . 19 . 25
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY SUZANNE SIMON AND DOROTHY ERICK WITH LEE SHUMWAY ON JULY 20, 1970, IN BLANDING, UTAH FOR THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.DE: Mr. Shumway, Lee Shumway?LS: That's right.DE: How did you happen to go into prospecting?LS: Oh, there was an Indian, or a Mexican that found someuranium out here in Cottonwood, so I went out and stakedsome claims there and prospected the country from that. DE: About when was that?LS: In 1931.DE: Had you ever done any prospecting before then?KS: Yes.DE: Had you found gold?LS: Y es.DE: And what interest then did you have in uranium?LS: Before we found that you mean?DE: Well, when the Indian came back and said he'd foundsomething.LS: I never had seen any uranium up until that time. MyDE: LS: DE:LS:brother, A, knew what it was. He had seen it before. He knew it was uranium so we went out and staked a bunch of claims.What was your interest in it at that time?I just had an interest in the claims that we staked. Did you work these claims?Y es.
 LEE SHUMWAYDo you know where, can you explain where they were located?In Cottonwood, 13 miles west of Blanding.Were they all in one area?Yes, all together.Were you, you and Harris staked some there together didn't you? The East Blank claims.Harris and I staked some of the claims and A. and Seth staked some but they was all checking with each other, all together. Eventually sold them out as a group.What were you doing before you, while you were staking claims, doing your prospecting? Was this a full-time operation?Wel1, we done some mining during the time we was prospecting. It was, at that time there was a sale for high grade uranium. Anything that run more one percent uranium, we was mining that at the same time.You were mining for someone else?SS: He bought the high grade that you took out at Cottonwood? LS: Uh huh. If it was high grade uranium, why he'd buy the uranium and pay for the vanadium that was with it.DE:LS: DE: LS: ss:LS:DE:LS:DE:LS: No, for myself.DE: For yourself?SS: Who was buying ore back in ... ? LS: Mr. Balsely down in Moab.2
 LEE SHUMWAYDE: Was he the only one that purchased from you?LS: Yes, at that time, yes. He had connections back inPhiladelphia. He sold the ore back there and theyprocessed it for different uses.DE: Was it really worth their while?LS: Oh yeah. It was worth my while, but we didn't make verymuch money on it, but it was building up, was earning something. We were making a living and learning something at the same time.SS: What was it like to start out in those early days? Was there road in back there in Cottonwood? And how'd you get the ore out?LS: Well, we built a road in there to start with and we hauled it out with a pickup. And we hauled some out one time with a team and wagon. We couldn't get to it with anything else. Rough country.DE: Did you ever use dynamite?LS: Yeah. Had to use dynamite all the time.DE: Did you do your own placement of dynamite?LS: Yes. Our own drilling and our own powder work.ss: I guess you were using hand steel in those first days,weren't you?LS: To start with we did.SS: Who did you sell those Cottonwood claims to?LS: A man by the name of Hunter, lived over in Castle Dale.3
 LEE SHUMWAYAnd he sold them to a man by the name of Garwood, multi millionaire in Los Angeles.SS: And did Garwood manage them himself?LS: Well, he had a man by the name of Kimberly that coming infrom the mill. Garwood furnished the money for the milland Kimberly operated the m ill.SS: That was down close to Cottonwood wasn't it?LS: It was right in Cottonwood where they put the mill. Thatwas later on. That was oh, about '37 or '8.SS: What kind of ore were you taking out of Cottonwood? Wasit carnotite or..? LS: Uh huh.SS: And how did it run?LS: When we put it through the mill why they was aftervanadium, that's what they was getting then. It averagedabout two percent.SS: Then, did they, how long did that mill last? Did it lastinto the time when they were buying for the uranium?LS: No, it didn't last very long. It burned down. They built another and it burned down and they build another and theprocess didn't work and they tore it down.SS: Sounds like kind of hard luck mine on the mill there. DE: Is this the ruins or remains that is seen today outthere? LS: Probably.4
 LEE SHUMWAYDE: Part of it?LS: All that cement work is, is where it was.DE: And after they tore that down there was no more mill atall, ever.LS: No, by then VCA built a mill in Monticello and hauled allthe ore to Monticello.DE: That was a little more distant to haul it though. Didthat make an inconvenience?LS: Well, it yeah, it made it inconvenient but it was betterthan the mill that they had there wasn't the process they could make anything out of anyway. It was about the only alternative.DE: You said they were taking just the vanadium out at this mill at Cottonwood. Would the residue or the tailings then be left right there?LS: Yeah, the tailings left there and later on when Atomic Energy started buying uranium why they shipped the tailings out. Processed it somewhere around Monticello I think.DE: Who did you say was buying that?LS: AEC.DE: AEC?LS: Was paying for the ore, the uranium part of it.DE: But you mentioned someone before that was doing the processing.5
 LEE SHUMWAYLS: That was VCA, Vanadium Corporation of America.ss: Then where did, after you found the claims at Cottonwood,where was the next place you went out prospecting?LS: The next one we staked was in Montezuma.SS: What claims were up there?LS: This was carnotite ore same as this out here.SS: Do you remember the names of the claims?LS: Well, there was one of them that was Midway and one ofthem that was Cottonwood and oh, we had another one, 20claims I guess out there.SS: What strata were those, what were the outcroppings there?Were they Morrison or--?LS: Yes, they were Morrison, salt wash formation forMorrison.ss: And what kind of ore was your ore there? Was it as richas Cottonwood there or... ?LS: Well, it was pretty close to the same grade. It averagedabout 20 hundredths uranium and two percent vanadium. DE: And at that time you were interested in the vanadium? LS: To start with vanadium was what we was hauling out andlater on when AEC bought uranium, we sold them.DE: Did you join the producers group?LS: Producers?DE: Producers. Uranium Producers of the Nation? You remainedindependent completely.6
 LEE SHUMWAYLS: Y es.SS: Did you do any of the ore producing up there yourself? LS: Yes. Well, we just start with, later on we leased them. ss: It's hard for us to ask you just what you, how youproduced the ore because we don't know enough about the mining business. Why don't you tell us, you know, just what you did to get the ore down and out and how that worked.LS: Well, the ore would show in a vein formation on the rim and we would start in on that and drill holes usually eleven or thirteen holes. Till we decide a face we want to break, drill two holes in the center close together and we'd drill them a little further apart around that and clear around the outside as far out as you wanted to go, and shift these holes in the middle was usually six foot holes that were drilled. Shoot these in the middle and that would break a hole and the heat on the outside would break the other rock into that and then we'd clean that out and break back six feet and clean that out and do the same thing and go on back and keep going backuntil the tunnel was about where you wanted it. That was the process that was used to break the ore out. And to start with why we used wheelbarrows, shoveling it in wheelbarrows to clean it out and dump it in a pile and then shovel it into a truck. And later on why we got7
 LEE SHUMWAYcarts to put a horse on and haul it out that way and then we got shuttle buggies with engines on to pull it out. And we got loaders to load it with. After awhile it got so we didn't have to work anymore.SS: When you did that drilling early on, what did you use? LS: Well, to start with we used what we call a single jackhammer, drilled it and when we did that why it only drilled holes about three feet deep. Later on we got aircompressors, jet camera and then we drilled bigger holes. SS: In my reading I've seen a churn drill referred to. I haveno idea what that is. How does that work?LS: Well, that's a drill we used to use, we always used it in mining and we used that to be on the surface. It's a long drill that's ten twelve feet long and two men take hold of it and lift it up and down, chip rock off of it andmake a hole and went down that way.ss: And you used that for locating your ore bodies?LS: We could if it wasn't very deep. We didn't ever do thatthough. We never used one. I think some of them did. If you had ore that was close the surface then you could do that and shoot the stuff off the top of it.DE: Now this was all before the use of the geiger counter? LS: Yeah, yeah it was quite awhile before the geiger counter. SS: You learned to read the formation, didn't you? I meaneverybody didn't know that, did they? 8
 LEE SHUMWAYLS:SS: LS:DE: LS:SS: LS:SS:LS:No, yeah I knew the formation, where to look for it and what formations it would come in.How did you find that, by trial and error or...?No, just by prospecting. Well, I prospected formations,then I got some geology books and learned the names of the formations out of the geology books and by prospecting why I identified them.Then you were your own schoolteacher?Uh huh. Yeah I went to the school of hard knocks--good college.Then what area did you get interested in after Montezuma? Well, we went down into White Canyon and Red Canyon--that country. That was Shinarump formation down there, different type or ore, just uranium ore, didn't have vanadium.What other minerals were in combination with the ore there?Copper, quite a lot of copper, a little gold and a little silver. We prospected quite a lot on the reservation. We got a lease down there. The ore after you cross the river on the south side of the river, is the same formation, Shinarump formation the ore is carnotite ore--uranium,vanadium both. On this side of the river is just uraniumore.ss: And what were the claims that you had down on the9
 LEE SHUMWAY reservation?LS: Well, just a lease that we had there. I forgot what we called it. It was up on the hill there by Gouldings.SS: Gouldings Trading Post?LS: Uh huh.DE: Wasn't that Whirlwind?LS: Well, we had a claim just down by Whirlwind, one of themwas. It was a school section had some ore on it and we leased that and the one that we worked was out by Gouldings. We leased on down what they call Whirlwind. We eventually sold out, sold the lease out. We didn't work it ourselves.DE: And who was your good leases?LS: Well, my partners you mean?DE: To you, from whom did you lease these mines.LS: The one that we mined we leased from the Indian tribe andthe other one was a state lease, from state land, UtahState.SS: That was a school section?LS: Y eah.SS: And how is that ore down there? I mean what percent didit? If it was carnotite it would have had uranium and vanadium. Was it pretty rich?LS: Yeah it was, that that we mined by Gouldings, there wasn't so very much there but it was real high grade. It10
 LEE SHUMWAYrun, some of it run over 4 percent i n uranium. I don 't know what the name was. It was real high grade vanadium.SS: Who did you sell that to?LS: SS: LS: DE: LS: SS:Balsely.Balsely. This was still pretty early then huh?Uh huh.Now were these deposits outcroppings again?Yes. Uh huh.Well, if we can go back just a minute to the claims that you had in Red Canyon and White Canyon. Talk a little bit more about those if you can. I've got a few names down here that I think you were in on. The Copper King and the Copper King #1.Yeah. We had some, but there was so many prospectors down there later on. We was the only ones to begin with, later on there was so many that they might have called them anything.Did you have any trouble with claim jumpers down there? No.I mean once you had a claim staked down there would youhave any trouble keeping it?No. It was several years before anybody else claimed it.LS:SS: LS: SS:LS:SS: And, how did you get in back there? That's so far overthat way.LS: Well, there was an old wagon road that went down there.11
 LEE SHUMWAYBegin with it went over the old Mormon road that come up through there and went down into Comb. Go down at Comb and follow that and down in there. You could get in there but it was tough country. And to do lots of walking.I guess you had to pack everything in there that you would need, huh?Yeah, yeah. We'd go down and stay for awhile at a time. It must have been quite a chore getting back in there to do your assessment work.Yeah. Yeah, it wasn't a very easy life down there.You and Harris had an option on the Happy Jack for awhile didn't you?Yeah. Yeah we lost two hundred dollars on it.(laugh) What made you take the option on it?Well, we had an assay on it high in uranium and copper. It ran six percent uranium and 24 percent copper and we took the ore out and left all the places we knew of that might buy ore and they said that they couldn't process that type of ore. They couldn't get separate the copper from the uranium. And it looked pretty discouraging, so we dropped the option. And Cooper and Bronson picked it up. They picked it up to mine the copper. They thought they had a little cab and truck and they rode down thereand started hauling copper out of it. By then they see the picture and they took the copper to the mill in SaltSS:LS: SS:LS: ss:LS: SS: LS:12
 LEE SHUMWAYLake and they assayed it for uranium. High in uranium and AEC wouldn't let them sell it for copper. So Lewis started working on a process to separate the copper and uranium. They got that worked out and you know the story how it turned out.SS: Yes, that's quite a story. When did, did you ever sell any ore to the pilot, the VCA pilot down there?LS: Yeah. We sold them some.DE: Did you ever have any other dealings with the VCA?LS: Y eah.DE: Can you tell us about them?LS: Well, how much do you want to know about it?SS: Well, do you feel the VCA paid you fair prices?LS: No, they didn't pass any prices down there. They gave us30 percent of what the ore was supposed to be worth andthat's all we ever got out of it. (Telephone)DE: I was wondering if you dealt directly with anyone in theVCA? Personally yourself did you have a go-between?LS: Well, we dealt, we made deals now and then with Denny Viles who was in charge of it then and we was personallyacquainted with him and dealt with him most all the time. We'd drill a field down there at least, they quit offering it. They used a lot of the Happy Jack ore. Lot more than they did any of mine.ss: What alternative did you have if you didn't sell to VCA 13
 LEE SHUMWAYthere, where did you ship that White Canyon ore?LS:ss: LS:SS:LS: ss:LS:SS: LS: SS:We couldn't ship it at the time. There wasn't any place that could process that type of ore.I see.That's the reason they had that pilot mill was to see if they could find a way to process it.Well was--the Happy Jack ore had a lot of copper in it didn't it?Yes, it was the same type of ore as what we had.But why would they buy from the Happy Jack and they didn't buy from the rest of you?Well, they bought, they stopped buying from the Happy Jack for awhile and then the Happy Jack was producing so much ore and they was only half as far away as we was and we sold our claims there about the time they were--And who did you sell them to?Philip Bill Sitton.Did he start producing ore out of them or did he have to wait?LS: Well, it wasn't very long after that, until the AEC started buying the ore. They worked out a process for it and they started buying it right soon after that.SS: Then Sitton was able to sell directly to the AEC?LS: Yeah, uh huh. He didn't ever sell any ore to that pilotm ill.14
 LEE SHUMWAYDE: LS: SS:LS:SS: LS: SS: LS:SS:LS:Did you work for Sitton?No, no we had other property. We didn't work for him. Were you prospecting after the AEC started offering the bonus for the used ore, used ore bodies, over what wasit--two percent?I believe it was in the '2Os they paid ten thousand dollar bonus for 20 tons of 20 percent.Yeah that's what it was.We never did find 20 tons of 20 percent.It probably was there, huh?Yeah, there's some real good claims. Some of those claims still are good ones. Never have been worked out.Did AEC help you very much, were they helpful with drilling and some things?Well they done some drilling on some of our property but it didn't exactly help us. If we kept this property out in Cottonwood it would have done. We'd already sold that. They done some drilling on Montezuma. They didn't find much ore and what they did find is still there. It neverhas been mined.SS: They weren't drilling in the right places was it?LS: Well, either that or else there just wasn't any ore. Theyfound one pretty good body of ore but it never has been mined.DE: Did their geologist or their scouting help you in any 15
 LEE SHUMWAY way?LS:DE: LS: SS:LS:DE: LS: DE: LS: DE: LS:DE:No, not in particular. They, it was mostly experimental with them. They didn't know theirselves whether there was anything there or not. They was experimenting.You don't know of anyone else they helped then?No.Well, after White Canyon and Red Canyon where did you prospect?Oh, we, upon Shay Mountain, we done some work there. That was my brother Glen and I done that.Was this during the rush of the uranium?Yeah, it was, I forgot when it was, about '51 or '2?So you were really looking for uranium at this time?Y es.And what did you find?Oh we found quite a lot of showing. It eventually turned out that it was spotted. There wasn't very much ore there.Did it have to be of a certain perspective amount, to beable to make it worth your while without going into a lotof equipment?LS: Yeah, yeah it was always a lot of expense to have to goto start with expensive equipment. It'd cost ten thousanddollars to get a loader up there, to get to it.DE: Some people started their own companies to sell stock to16
 LEE SHUMWAYget the money to do this.LS: SS:We'd never сdo that. We just stayed independent.Well, with a lot of these claims would you say that you might have been able to make more out of them if you had the capital to, to put into them? Say, if you could have built a road into White Canyon and shipped your ore out early--well I guess there it wouldn't have done you much good because of the, they didn't have the processamenable to it yet did they?We built a road to this one place on Five Points, and shipped it down to the pilot mill. We still couldn't sell the ore. We already had a road to it and the ore was showing and they couldn't sell the ore. All we had to do was just mine it and haul it out and we hauled a bunch of it down to the pilot mill and that was what we hauled before we sold it out.You said we.Harris and I went together.So what, when you couldn't sell your ore then what didLS:DE: LS: DE:you do?LS: Well we just set on it until we haul some to the pilotmill and then we sold the claims out right after that-- that particular group in White Canyon, White Canyon country. Some of it was on Elk Mountain.DE: Did you have to do any other kind of work while you were 17
 LEE SHUMWAYwaiting out this period of nonsalable--?LS:DE: LS: DE: LS:SS:LS: SS: LS:Well we had these other mines in Montezuma and we was working them.Then you always mined?Yeah, since 1931.What were you doing before then?Oh about everything. A lot of trapping, hunting, prospecting, everything.I wanted to ask you if you had any dealings with the boom time greenhorns that came out? The people that showed up in the early '50s of the uranium boom then?Yeah, there's hundreds of them.What'd you think of them?They come in and talk millions and they didn't even have money enough to buy a meal. There was a lot of them, they knew somebody that had some money and they thought if they could come in and get hold of a claim then they could be a go-between and make money theirselves bydealing with the person that had the money and then us. Well, they was all kinds, crooks and shysters. Trying to make some kind of a deal. [Thought] they could make some money out of it when they didn't have any to start with.SS: How many of them would you say were ready to go out and sweat for 12 or 14 hours a day to make it? Were theremany of that kind or--?18
 LEE SHUMWAYI don't think there was any of them.They were monthly interested in promoting or--Yeah, they just promoters.Were you ever approached by these people?Y eah.What kind of deals did they want to make?Well, they'd want to postdate a check. I remember one time I had five thousand dollars in the house of rubber checks. There wasn't one of them that was ever any good. But, give them an option for just a few days on checks like that. Because the first place a slim chance the check was good and so we didn't give them a very long option because we didn't want the property tied up. During the time of this option was there any ore being taken out?No. Not by them. If we was mining claims we keep on mining.Can you think of, it would help us if you could remember names of people that might have come into the business about that time.Do you mean that located claims and started mining?something. Other than the fly-by-night.LS: There's so many fly-by-nights I can't remember any--mostLS: SS: LS: DE: LS: DE: LS:SS:LS:SS:LS:SS: Uh huh.DE: That were really meaningful, if they really did19
 LEE SHUMWAYof these companies and individuals that did make a go of it come in a little later, about the time we sold out or a little later so I didn't have any direct association with them. So I don't remember, of course Philip Sitton he made a go of it. He was mining at the time we was. And Mr. Balsely down in Moab mining at that time. Some more people down in Moab made a go of it. This one Wheeler, Joe Wheeler is one of them.SS: Now were these people, such as Joe Wheeler prospecting before the uranium or were they coming in after the uranium time?LS: Well, I think about all of them after the uranium got where it was worth something then they started prospecting. Some of them prospected. Some of them already had some mines. Mr. Balsely already had some mines.SS: How about the people that, oh, say lived around here, that were farmers or whatever. Did they all take a whirl at prospecting after uranium got to be--?LS: No, they, they was quite a lot of that worked in the mines out here at Cottonwood and around. Weren't many of them that done any buying. Outside of our family, Seth and the boys, and son-in-laws mostly. Our boys was too young at the time and when they got old enough why thingshad kind of died down and they didn't want to do that20
 LEE SHUMWAYanyway. They wanted to go to school. They all went to school.DE: Had you always lived here as a youth growing up?LS: Uh huh.DE: Were you here because of your religion?LS: Well, my father come here when I was four years old. He'sa cattleman, a farmer, rancher. I growed up till I was 16 years old, I guess, farming and cattle raising. I liked prospecting better than doing that.DE: Had you known other prospectors that made you decide you'd want to go into prospecting?LS: No. I don't know, it seems like I just naturally adapted to that kind of work. I got, had an affinity for ore.SS: Did you feel like that when you were out prospecting, did you have any kind of sixth sense about finding the ore?LS: No.SS: Or you just knew where to look.LS: Well, I knew the strata to look on and of course itwasn't all ore on that strata but I knew the formation to follow, to find it. I walked, well, I don't know how far I walked. I used to figure if I made two [and a] half anhour I'd be a millionaire.SS: Did you ever have any close calls with the weathergetting the best of you or rattlesnakes or broken bones out by yourself or anything like that?21
 LEE SHUMWAYLS: No, no roam. I--what you might call something like that.I was climbing up a cliff that was perpendicular, had some old shelves on it. I thought I could climb to the top of it--about 50 foot high--I got halfway up and found out I couldn't go on up and going down the cliff is a lot harder than it is going up. It looked like a long ways down. So I quit looking down. All I done was step back from where I come up and made it all right. I was alone.DE: Did you usually prospect alone?LS: Well, partly. We'd have a campsite and if we was in a newcountry why we might each go in a different direction following the strata. One way and one the other way. Iwent alone quite a lot of the time.DE: How long would you stay out on prospecting tour?LS: Oh, usually a week or so.DE: What did your family think about your going intoprospecting? LS: I don't know.SS: Maybe we better ask the other half that question.LS: Y eah.MS: Oh, I thought it was all right. I didn't object in anyway.LS: Well, it was kind of slim picking for awhile but in thelong run it was a long way ahead of any thing else I could run.22
 LEE SHUMWAYDE: Then you were very active then during the era from 1948on?Y eah.Do you remember anything about the little town that came together out there in White Canyon. Wasn't there kind of a settlement there around the mill?Well, there was people that worked there that, a lot lived at Hite and later on why somebody built a store and there was a settlement there at Fry Canyon.I believe the people's name that had the White Canyon Trading Post was Free. Does that ring a bell?Free lived, they had a trading post down in Mexican Hat or one man did. He might have had another one down there too. I remember that name at Mexican Hat.You wouldn't happen to know where they are now?No, I wouldn't know anymore.Did that ever get to be much of a settlement out there? No, there's just a store and I don't know. I haven't been down there for several years. Last time I was there,there was probably a half dozen houses.LS: SS:LS:SS:LS:SS: LS: SS: LS:MS:SS: There are some permanent houses out there then?LS: Yeah. They have a little store there.SS: I guess the school was for the children. The people thatThey had a school there at one time.worked out to the mill must have had their families out 23
 LEE SHUMWAY there then.LS:SS: LS:DE:SS:LS:Well, they was working some at mining, just over the hill there a couple of miles or so. They lived there by the store and travelled back and forth.The AEC had some kind of a camp at Fry Point didn't they? They did for awhile. They had a stockpile of ore down there by the Happy Jack. They stockpiled a lot or ore there and hauled it away.Would the children of the workers for the AEC be going to that school too?Probably, I understand that most of the AEC people lived in trailers. Is that--?They had a bunch of trailers down there, but they didn't stay in them a whole lot of the time. They, I don't know just what the deal was, but I know one time when we was down there we stayed in the trailers. Most everybody in there staying overnight, when we happened to be there.Where did those AEC employees come from? Were they localSS:people or out of state?LS: Most of them was what the AEC sent in here from otherplaces. It was, this mill over here in Monticello operated the mill there. But for their field work I don't know there was very many, if any, though of local people.DE: Now you're talking about going over to White Canyon and this was during the uranium era, so-to-speak. Did you use24
 LEE SHUMWAYthe airplane as a source of locator?LS: No, no I never did.DE: You used the trails and the foot power?LS: Yeah, I used the shank boys--feet. (laugh)DE There were places you could get into with your feet thatyou couldn't get into any other way.LS: Yeah. That was about the only way to get in most of it atthat time.SS: What time of the year did you do most of yourprospecting?LS: Oh, usually on the fall and spring. Get down there summertime and the gnats are so thick. That's how one claim gotit's name.DE: I was going to ask you about that. How did you get tonaming those claims? And did your names that you hadgiven carry on when you sold it or leased it?LS: Yeah, they still call it the same name. This one claim known there. They're still mining it. Well, maybe they'renot now. They was a year ago--mining it, we called WM. A and I was together when we located that one and the reason we called it WM because we had one claim we called gnat claim and gnats were so thick we could, we called it the Gnat claim and we got around there why the gnats wasworse then they was at the Gnat claim so worse than that, to make it short we called it WM. (laughing)25
 LEE SHUMWAYDE: There has to be a reason, right. Did you ever get snowedin down there?LS: Not quite, almost did. We got, started snowing in themiddle of the night. Fletch Bronson and Joe Cooper was down there and they was camped a ways from us. We told them we ought to get out of there, so they got up and we started out and when we got out, in 15 miles I guess from where we was at, the snow got about 6 inches deep and her car broke down. Loaded all the stuff in our vehicle and that was when we got down on the old Mormon trail. Sot the stuff in our vehicle. We got down into Comb just sun up. Oh, 30 miles I guess. It's a wonder ours didn't break down too. But it held together and got out.SS: Did you ever get cornered by any of the flash floods they have out here?LS: Well, they didn't bother us much. Of course it didn't matter much anyway if we had to wait a few hours why we prospect while we waiting something.DE: Well, down in the Cottonwood wash where they do have flash floods, your mining is right at the very bottom there. Did you have any trouble losing much in there?LS: We had troubles with floods. Sometimes if we knew a flood was coming we'd have to leave early. And sometimes have to wait for a flood to get back to work or something. It bothered some. Not a whole lot.26
 LEE SHUMWAYDE: Was your equipment that you had in there, did you usuallyget it out of the way?LS: Yeah, we'd just wait for the--SS: Well, if there's not something else you want to add rightnow then I think--we're kind of running out of time. Would you very kindly consent to another skull session here one of these afternoons?LS: Yeah. I guess I think I can work enough to make another. SS: Okay fine.DE: Thank you indeed.[END OF INTER VIEW]27