 VAL TURRI Helper, UtahAn Interview ByJohnson and A rriola (no given names)Carbon County Oral History Project Tape No. CC-7February 8, 1972Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsFebruary 8, 1972Tape #1:Coming to Carbon County in 1920s . 1 Strikes, Accidents , and Celebrations 5 Unions and Company Stores 12 Prohibition 16 Immigration Woes . 19 Lodges ; Decline of Carbon County 26
 THE FOLLOWING INTERVIEW IS WITH MR. VAL TURRI ON FEBRUARY 8 , 1 9 7 2 A T H I S HOME. [ T H I S I S P ART OF THE CARBON COUNTYORAL HISTORYARRIOLA. I AMARRIOLA I S THEJ AND A. THE OTHER WOMEN IN THE BACKGROUND, I PRESUME, IS MRS. TURRI AND WILL BE ABBREVIA TED MTV .]PROJECT . THE INTERVIEWERS ARE JOHNSON- ASSUMING JOHNSON I S THE MALE VOICE AND FEMALE VOICE AND THEY ARE ABBREVIA TED WITHJ: Mr. Turri when were you born? VT: Tyrol, Austria.J: Where and when, what year? VT: 1897.J: How long did you stay there?VT: Well, I was serving in the war and after the war Icame over to this country. J: When?VT: In 1921.J: What did your father do when you were in Austria?VT: Oh, we had a little farm there, I was working in ablacksmith shop.J: When you came over to a--you came over on a boat tothe United States?VT: Yes, I came across the ocean. One afternoon, on the14th of June and I got in on the 4th of July. I wassixteen days in the water.J: Do you remember anything that happened on the boat,any instances, what were your feelings? VT: Oh, I was sick.J: Were there a lot of people on the boat?VT: Oh yes, it was a big boat, President Wilson is the
 V ALJ: VT: J: VT: J: VT: J: VT:TURRI # 1name of the boat. Yes, there was a lot of people there. One got put off too, he went over.Did you come by yourself?Yes.Where did you land in America or the United States.I landed in New York on the 4th of July.What did you--Do when I came here?Yes. What was it like?Ah, it was pretty strange to me. I didn't know nobody and I couldn't speak the language, it was pretty tough. When you go into a strange country and you don't know anybody and I had an uncle up here in Latuda but I didn't know him until I got here, I never saw him over there. I went to work for him up there in the store for about four years and then I went into the mine and I worked in the mine from 1925 'till 1962. I got hurt twice in the mine and I was scared to go back so I got a job outside in the shop. When I came here Helper was nothing down here, there was wooden sidewalks just, oh, we used to call it the Helper Hotel down--! had a, the railroad's got it now, what do they call it?MVT: The Avalon? VT: No. The YMCA.2
 V AL TURRI # 1 MVT: Yes.It was an old building that was a John Skerl is in there now, Mutual Furniture, the Bank, Motel and that's about all and the rest was all shacks and the other side of the street was all railroad houses and they moved the houses out I guess and they built those buildings they got there now. Going up the canyon there was hardly no road, up and down the wash to go up to the mines.J:VT: Oh some was pretty nice camps and some there was justold shacks, a lot of bachelors up there. There used to be about 5,000 people up in that canyon in them days and now it's nothing.A: Did you move this house from Latuda.VT: Yes.A: How long did you live in Latuda.VT: Forty-five years. We moved out in 1966 when theyclosed the mine down.A: When did you met your wife?VT: Oh about 1922 or '23. They were owning the boardinghouse up there. (pause) I think I was the oldest man up in that canyon up there. I mean, you know I stayed there that long, forty-five years, I don't think there was anybody else that stay that long.3VT:What was the mining camps up the canyon like?
 V AL TURRI # 1MVT: How about Jack Wilson he was there quite a long time,John Stannish(?).VT: Oh, he might be dead, I don't know.J: Were there many places where you could go, like forentertainment?VT: That we could go, dance?J: Yes, dance halls?VT: Yes, they had a dance hall up in Mutual, they had onein Rains, and they had one in Standard. In Latuda we used to go into the school house and dance. Down in Spring Canyon, I think we used to dance in the church there, I don't know, I've never been in there.MTV: They all had show halls.VT: Yes, they had the show halls oh, they had plenty ofentertainment. There was no cars in them days hardly,just a few cars.MTV: Sleigh riding in the winter.A: Were the people friendly when you first came?VT: Oh yes, people was nice them days. Everybody helpeach other and it was friendly. MTV: More sociable.A: Going back, was the part of Italy where you were born, during the war did it ever change hands, Austria rather, is it now--VT: After the First World War Italy took half and the 4
 V ALA: VT:A: VT: A: VT:A: VT:A:VT:TURRI # 1rest belongs to Austria. That part there was some talk German and some talk Italian.Which do you speak?Oh, I speak both languages, Italian and German. My hometown was the last town that talked Italian and then they next town talked German.Were your parents both Austrian?Yes.Did they come across to America with you?No. They were both alive when I left and I never saw them no more.When you left were you going to go back?Yes, I was feeling to go back in about three or four years but I never could make enough money to go back. With your money did they give you scrip or did you have regular money up at the mine?Well, those guys there was no credit in the stores so they had to give scrip. You know if I didn't pay the bills every payday the store won't give them no credit so they had to go up and get scrip if they was broke. But then after the union came, oh a few days after that they couldn't give scrip no more, the company couldn't give no scrip out.Were you ever involved in any of the labor strikes?A:VT: Yes, there was a strike up there. I wasn't working in5
 V ALTURRI # 1the mine in 1922 they had a big strike and they had all that trouble. They had the militia every year and they killed--right over here where the tunnel comes out, the Utah Railroad, they killed a Marshal from Standard. He was firing up the engine and they had some strike breakers on the train. When the engine came out of the tunnel all the strikers they were standing up from the bridge to far, some guys started shooting and they killed this Marshal. So they sent for the militia right away and they just patrolled the canyon day and night on horseback, they didn't have no car. Then in 1933 there is a strike. Oh, there are a few small strikes that didn't last very long. Then in 1933 is when they organized the UnitedMine Worker. They chased all those miners that you want to sign up in there, the United Mine Worker-- chased them all out of the canyon up there. Took them down here in the bullpen in Price.Was that mostly Greeks?VT: Well, that was in 1922 when all the Greeks was--welleverybody was out on strike, maybe a few guys working in the mine and there was a few farmers that they brought over from San Pete and some from the reservation over here. They tried to break the strike but they never did, the Greeks made it.6A:
 V AL TURRI # 1A: Was there a doctor up in the Latuda camp?VT: Yes. They had a doctor from the Latud, Rains andMutual and down in Standard they had a doctor and Spring Canyon had a doctor and they had a dentist up there, old man Fehring, you remember him don't you? He used to live right over here in the drug house.MVT: Where these negroes live in that house there.A: How long ago was that?VT: He got killed down here at the crossing, that was twoor three years ago.MVT: It must have been three or four. He was real ornery.But he wasn't when he was up in the canyon.VT: He was a dentist up there and he used to come up two or three times a week, he had an office here in Helper. He used to drive up there and take care of those miners and then he worked on their teeth. You know, they didn't have no cars to go up and down themdays.A: They used horses all the time?VT: Well no, there were a few cars but not many.MVT: They used stages.VT: Labori and Luke Carmoni, there was three that used torun the stage up there. They used to come up, I don't know, four or five times a day I think and take people up there and when somebody want's to come down7
 V ALTURRI # 1they used to bring them down. Did they have a post office?J:VT:J:VT:J: Yes.VT: No, they just took them over to the truck, a littletruck.J: Was there a main line to the train?VT: Well, the coal trains used to come up.J: Did they have any passenger trains at that time?VT: Well, they had one and it was Utah Railroad that hadone car on the train, a passenger car. It used to come up to Standard and then back down here to the bridge up here and then he went over to Hiawatha and he was just a one passenger up and down and a little freight and express.J: Did many people ride it?VT: Oh, there was a few who ride it. (pause) It used tobe pretty rough up in that canyon there in the wintertime, a lot of snow, they had a lot of snowslides up there.MVT: Was it in '26 that we had the big snowslides that killed two?VT : 1 9 2 7 .A post office in every camp. Did a wagon, did it bring-- The mail?8
 V AL J: VT:A: VT:J: VT:J: VT:TURRI # 1Was there a sheriff or law in the camps?Yes, Standard used to have a marshall and Latuda had a marshall, it was Frank Dalpaiz' father.Dr. Douglas?Frank that works in the post office. His father was marshall there in Latuda. I don't think they had any up above in those other camps.Was it hard to keep the law?Oh, it was pretty rough up there them days, you know there was a lot of fighting but the sheriff used to come up once in a while and help the patrol.Did you make or grow your food up there?Oh, nothing, maybe a little garden in the summertime, a little lettuce.MVT: Well, they had stores; every camp had a store.J: Did they get the food from around the area, thestores?VT: Yes, they used to buy potatoes from the farmers andmeat . They used to, the meat wasn't inspected in t hem days like it is now because the farmers there they used to kill a beef and deliver it around the stores and even up around the houses, if you want a piece of meat. They used to cut you off a piece. It wasn't like today, some of those farmers used to come with wagons with a few radishes, a few onions, potatoes,9
 VAL TURRI #1and apples. Some used to come up at Salsys(?) at this time of the year.J: So did they have many celebrations in the camps together?VT: Yes, they used to celebrate on the 4th of July and every camp had a ball team and they used to play ball up there in the canyon there. Most of them were playing up here by a steel bridge over on the other side of the bridge there was a nice little ball park and it's still there.A: Where is it?MVT: Do you know where the steel bridge is up there northof the canyon?VT: Well, the Utah railroad.MVT: Do you know where Elegante's live?A: Uhuh.MVT: You don't know the anything up the canyon then.A: No, not too much, up which canyon?VT: Spring Canyon.A: Clear up past the bridge way up there?MVT: By the bridge there.A: Yes, I've been there before .MVT: Do you know where the railroad goes across the town? A: Uh huh.MVT: Well, it's in that area.10
 VAL TURRI #1A: Oh, yes. (Break) That's all I wanted to know. Even sodid you join any of the Italian organizations at all? VT: I belonged to the Italian Lodge, yes.A: The Columbus one?VT: Yes. I was suppose to be down to the meeting tonightand I never thought of it, but that's all right.J: Was there a newspaper in the camps?VT: No, they didn't have no newspaper, there used to bethe Tribune but that's all.MVT: Oh, Latuda at one time had the junior high schoolthere?VT: Yes, Latuda had a--MVT: They had a school and Latuda had junior high.VT:In the case of Standard, Raines, and Mutual they used to come to school there in Latuda. They are all nice school houses up there in the canyon in them days or nice buildings all built out of rocks, nice ones, Peerless, Spring Canyon, Standard, Latuda and Raines there was no schoolhouse in ---?--- that was right up close.When there was cave-ins or floods how did the people, you know, react to them? Would they help one another? You mean if they had any accident in the mine?J :VT:J: Yes.VT: Well, when they had an explosion the people used to11
 V ALTURRI # 1get kind of excited all right, you know. We ---?--- inside and there was a man get killed in there sometime they don't even know it outside until they brought him out. (Pause) Ah, they killed a lot of men up there in those mines.Well, how many hours a day did you work in the coal mines?J:VT: We used to work eight hours in the mine and then they cut it down to seven hours from-- (break) the men used to leave at five after seven in the morning and he used to come outside at 3:30. They had to be outside at 3:30.J: Did you get paid by the hour or by how much coal?VT: No, when I was doing coal by hand we were all contract to get so much a ton. Those guys I was working company work, they used to do so much a day.Then they took all the contracts away and everything was, the company pay so much a day. I loaded coal in there for $5.00 a day. (break) When I first started in the mine was for $7.20 a day then they cut the wages down to $5 . 00. I worked on one of those machines that used to pay you $6.00 and the operators used to pay you $10.00 a day. (INAUDIBLE PORTION OF TAPE) --Italian. The only ones you don't see work in the mine are the Jews. I never saw a Jew around a12
 V AL TURRI # 1 mine.A: Were there many Jews around here?VT: No, there was this, what was his name? Loewenstein,had this clothing store there where Mutual Mere is now, that was a clothing store and they had one down in Price and they sold that building, they took that building down now, there was two brothers or cousins and those are the only Jews that I know around here.MVT: There were a lot of foreign people working in the mines?A: Was there a lot of problems--when the union came in, was it hard for the unions to get in because everybody was foreign and there were so many different languages for them to get to all the miners?VT: No. It was hard because there was two union, there was the National Mine Workers and the United Mine Workers and all those guys there belonged to the National Mine Workers, they chased them out of their camps. They took them all down and put them in a bull pen down there. Then they organized the United Mine Workers, that's what the companies wanted anyhow. So they all come back again, they all went to work. They signed up with the United Mine Workers.A: Di d the Unions help very much, di d they impr ove 13
 V ALTURRI # 1conditions or anything? The Union?Uh huh.VT:A:VT: Oh yes. When we had no union they used to treat uslike slaves in the mine. The boss came in and if you didn't talk just right to him he would say, "Take your bucket and get outside, you're fired." Oh those companies they used to mistreat the miners them days.[END OF S I D E ONE]MVT: ---?---VT: They used to go into the mine and load coal and ifthey found a piece or rock in the car when you dumped it they used to take a ton off, they didn't pay you for one ton. The second time they take the ore(?) car, they don't pay you for the ore(?) car, maybe a couple of little pieces of rock and the third time they used to say, "Take your bucket and go outside,we don't need no rock."A: Just for a piece of rock? How would the company knowif you didn't buy groceries at the company store?VT: They know, you have your name right there in the office and they check with the stores to see if yougo in there or not.A: Then how did the other stores do business? VT: You mean down here in town?14
 V AL TURRI # 1A: Oh, there was only one store up in Latuda, were theyowned the company?VT: There was nine stores up in the canyon, nine grocerystores, there was two in Peerless, one in Spring Canyon, two in Standard, one in Latuda, one in Raines, and two in Mutual. But Mutual they had two stores but they were both private stores, the company didn' t have nothing to do with it . Raines was a company store and Latuda was a private store but Standard and Spring Canyon they was company store and one in Peerless. This Square Deal store down here, it used to be up there in Peerless.A: Was it a company or private store?VT: It was private, the Square Deal. But the company hada store there too. (INAUDIBLE PORTION OF TAPE)A: Did the same family own it? In the mining camp there was never a camp without a public store and a privatestore? MVT: Yes.A: Well, then how did the--I don't understand how the private stores did business .MVT: Well, people used to buy just the same--VT: We used to go and buy anyhow.MVT: They just didn't let them know about it. (Chuckle)VT: There was in one in Spring Canyon and Standard they15
 VAL TURRI #1used to holler if they didn't go in the store. They have to go in and buy something. (INAUDIBLE PORTION-- TAPE FADES IN AND OUT)MVT: Union did away with that.VT: --come in here and they couldn't do that more, theminer could go and buy anyplace they wanted to.J: Did they have any churches?VT: Yes, they had a--MVT: The LDS had churches.VT: The LDS had churches in Spring Canyon and Standard. MVT: Right. Mr. Reed used to be bishop up there.VT: Yes, in Raines. I told her he had. I used to go toStandard.MVT: That was the only church, the LDS.J: Did they have any set way of government in the miningcamps?MVT: No, I wouldn't say so.VT: A what.MVT: A set way of government . (Long Pause)A: Another thing I wanted to ask is were there problemsbetween--did you notice a lot of problems between the different groups, like the Greeks, Italians, and that?VT: Oh no, they all got along. There was, oh in 1922 they had those three K's here you know, the Ku Klux Klan16
 VAL TURRI #1is that what they call it? They used to have a little problem there but that was in 1922. They used to burn a cross over here over by the cemetery someplace, over in those hills. And they always used to form a circle around up here in this hill on Sunday night, every Sunday.MVT: The Ku Klux Klan and then the other side was--VT: Well, it was called fun, they were doing it just toburn the circle.A: What was the circle for, just the same as the cross? VT: Yes. But then that one died out right away. That one,a black boy, I think he shot the marshall up in Castlegate and they took him down and hung him down here between Price and Wellington.A: By that big tree?MVT: Uh huh.VT: Yes, it was that gang there that done it.A: MVT: J :It was what?The Ku Klux Klan . (pause)Is there many people that made wine or things like that?VT: Oh yes, years ago. The Italians and Austrians they all used to make wine.J : Did you used to make wine?VT: Yes, I used to make wine. I used to buy--they sent in17
 V ALTURRI # 1grapes in boxcar loads. I used to buy half a ton or a ton and make a little wine and everybody was making wine. It was all right if they didn't sell it, nobody said anything but when they start to sell it then they got in trouble.What would they do them if they caught them selling it?J:VT: Oh they used to come with an axe and bust the barrels.MVT: Then they would fine them .VT: Then they would fine you about, what was it $299?J: Was there many people getting caught?VT: Well, there was those guys that was bootlegging, theyused to pick them up once in a while .J: When Prohibition came, was there still a lot ofpeople making wine?VT: During Prohibition they used to do it. I wasn't herebefore Prohibition; when I came here it was Prohibition already. I remember it was Prohibition and I got off in the boat in New York and I was so dry but they wouldn't sell us no beer in the boat after they got into the United States water. That water you couldn't drink that in the boat you know, it tastes rotten. So I got off of the boat and there was a guy selling this near beer they cal led it , and18
 VAL TURRI #1I opened this bottle of beer and I tried to drink it,gosh, that was rotten stuff, I couldn't have donethat.A: How long were you in New York when you got there?VT: I got in New York during the night sometime and I gotoff of the boat, about oh six or seven o'clock in the morning and at six o'clock that night I left New York and got on the train. It took me four days and four nights to come up here in Helper.A: Was it hard to get through emigration, was there any problems?VT: No, I had all my papers, passport and everything, boy they check you when you come into this country. You have to have everything right or else they'11 send you back.A: Do you still have your passport?VT: Yes, I still got it.A: Could the class use it to make a copy of it becausethings like this, I've never seen a passport?VT: It's down in the bank.A: Yes, because if you have any old papers or anythinglike that.VT: That's all I have left when I got here was thepassport.MVT: Well, he had some things but they had a fire up there19
 V AL TURRI # 1and he had his suitcase there and it got burned.VT: Yes, and I lost my whole thing up there. Besides the passport, and I had a suitcase, I had all those papers in there and they caught on fire out there in the shack and they burned up.A: If you couldn't speak English how did you get from-- VT: New York to Helper?A: Well yes, but just in New York from the ports to therailroad station.VT: Oh, they pick you up a taxi, there was a taxi thereand they take you to the railroad. Then the immigrant was, they got guides, you know, that would take you around. There were four or five of us and there was these two guys that came over there in a taxi cab driver you know and he told us to go with him, you know to the (bus store(?)), I didn't understand what he wanted. He took us around the building there and had this car there. So we all got those all in the car and they start to ask for the money you know, I didn't know what he wanted. There was one guy there and he was telling us that he had been over here, I didn't know anyone in this country I asked, 11What did he say?11 He said, 11I don't know.11 I said, 11Well, you've told me you've been in this country here many times, can't you understand a ,word?11 He said, 11No, I20
 V ALTURRI # 1don't understand anything . " So we finally found out that he wanted $6.00 a piece from us to take us to the railroad depot. Well, when you're a greenhorn and you don't even know the language what are you going to do, we gave him $6.00 apiece. He took us down to the railroad depot and we found those other guys that were on the boat with us and they asked us, where we was? I said, "We came in with the taxi." Those guys they took us around New York to show us that it was a long ways, you see, to go to the depot and the other guys they only paid ten cents on the streetcar.(Laughter)Oh no, that's terrible.A:VT: When you don't know the language they do a lot ofthings to you and then they call you dumb foreignersyou see.A: Well, when you got to the railroad station did youhave your ticket or did you have problems with that? VT: I had my ticket from my hometown to Helper, I boughta ticket from my hometown right here.A: Did you have any problems getting the right train oranything?VT: No, I got on the train in New York and I changedtrain in Chicago. There was a taxi that picked us up and took us to the train and that took us right to21
 V AL TURRI # 1Helper, I never changed train no more and when I got in Helper I was hungry. I didn't know they had a dining car on the train.A: Oh. You went all that way with no food?VT: Yes. I had half a dozen donuts and a cup of coffee in Chicago. I don't remember what it was but I think it ---?--- but in the night I woke up and I didn't have no pullman neither, and nobody in the car and so I looked out the window and they was all in this cafethere in the depot. So I went over there and I motioned him to give me a cup of coffee and he give me a cup of coffee and a donut. That coffee was so hot I couldn't drink it right quick you know and by that time they said, "All aboard." So I got up and I left the coffee and the donuts there and walked over into the train.A: But there was a dinning car on the train?VT: They said there was but I don't know, I never seenA: VT:A:one.Well, wasn't everybody else eating?I don't know when they were going back and forth what they were doing, I don't know.That's terrible. Did your uncle meet you when you got there?VT: No, I got off down here in the train and I was 22
 V ALTURRI # 1suppose to send a telegram from New York but he never got the telegram. So I got off and asked a guy down there if you know Marcadia(?) and he told me no. So I told him, I says he's got a brother-in-law here in Helper and he runs a hotel, that Flaim Hotel down here. "Oh yes, I know him" he said, "oh, he lives way out on the other side of the mountain." "It's wayup?" I said, "God, where am I going to go now?" You know when I got off the train and I saw that ledge over here, I thought it was a hell of a country. So he took me up to the hotel and so they call him up and they come down with the truck and then we went home up there. It was dark when we got up there and the next morning I got up and I went outside and I saw those two mountains one on each side there and if they told me I would have to stay there for forty- five years, I don't know what I was going to do.Did he have a house or did you 1ive in a boardingA:house?VT: This same house here, the first night I slept righthere in that room there.A: Who's that in that picture? MVT: That's his mother and father. A: In Austria?MVT: Yes.23
 V AL TURRI # 1J: Was the house as big as it is now?VT: Yes.MVT: Only ---?--- same size but it didn't have a bath.Did you come in the summer or the winter? In July.A:VT:A:VT: From where I was born? A: Uh huh.Were the winters much different?VT: No. We got a lot of snow there, really close to the mountains too. We had a lot of snow there in the wintertime, three or four feet of snow, some winters we had to go on the roof and shovel it off.A: So it wasn't too hard to adjust to the weather or anything?VT: No, the climate is about the same as here.MVT: In his hometown they had mountains.A: Did you bring this with you?MVT: No, some fellow that went over brought him that. A: This is nice.MVT: You see, they have mountains just like here, all the trees.A: This could be right around here.MVT: Uh huh.VT: That's one of the old castles there you see.MVT: You hear about the castles, that was one of the24
 VAL TURRI #1 castles.A: It's real nice, I like it I really do. (pause) Did you ever have any relatives or anyone come over, after you?VT: No. I only got a brother and a sister left, I had two sisters and two brothers and one sister she die about seventeen years old. I got a brother younger than me and he got killed in the World War I. So I got one left over there but he was just a kid when I left.A: Have you seen him again?VT: No. (INAUDIBLE PORTION OF TAPE) Carbon County used tobe a rough county years ago. A: In what way?VT: Well, there was all kinds of nationality and a lot of those strangers, it used to be loaded with hobos you know. They jump off the train and then they go around and work a couple of days and get in a fight and move and take off. They used to go in the store and buy clothes to go to work and then they work two days and then they take off. They just work enough to buy overalls and a shirt and then they go.A: Did they work in the mines?VT: Yes , they worked in the mines .A: What did they do for equipment, I thought that youhad to buy everything from the mine? 25
 V AL VT:J: VT:J: VT:TURRI # 1Well, in the mines they used to collect when they go and get the time check you know, they used to give them the check and they had to go to the store and cash it, so they couldn't get away.Was there many organizations?Well there used to the Moose Lodge, Kapee Lodge, and Odd Fellows, but they are all gone now. They still got that Moose Lodge in Price and the Italian Lodge and the Austrian, they had a lodge.What did they used to do in the lodges?Well, they had socials, you know, they used to go once a month maybe--in fact the Moose Lodge they would just play with social and they would down here and they used to have their meetings there over at that friendly tavern that's now upstairs. They would have parties there have lunch and then dance.MVT: Some of the organizations had benefits for sick benefits or something too .VT: Yes.MVT: You know, if they got sick they used to pay them, ofcourse they had to pay dues.VT: The Moose Lodge used to have--if both parents diedand left the kids, orphans you know, they used to send them to Moose Haven back east someplace and they used to raise those kids and educate them and learn26
 VAL TURRI #1them a trade and they just do all right.When was that?In the Moose Lodge. But when was it?A:VT:A:MVT: Well, I think they still do that don't they?VT: I guess so. Now a few parents died and left your kid,the Moose Lodge used to take you and send you back to the Moose Haven, they had those homes there and the schools and they used to educate those kids there and when they grow up they see that they got a job.MVT: A family from Latuda went one time, and the mother went too.VT: Yes, that was--MVT: I remember they had four or five children and thefather died and they took them all back east somewhere where they have these homes and when those kids grew up they came back.VT: All those lodges, they all had members there, you know, if they are in trouble. (Pause) Now today, Carbon County's forgotten. Nobody mentions Carbon County on TV or no place, they never mention Carbon County, they never give you weather reports, once in a great while they will mention Helper or Price will have snow or--A: Was Carbon County one of the biggest places in Utah? 27
 V AL TURRI # 1VT: No, there are a lot of counties over there that arebigger than Carbon County, isn't there.MVT: Oh, I imagine Salt Lake down here is bigger but they employed a lot of men from Carbon County at one timewhen all those mines were open.VT: When they had the railroad you know?MVT: The Roundhouse?VT: The Roundhouse down there and they had all thosesteam engines, they had to have, they had all those steam engines that they used to put on train to push it up over the Summit. Now, it took men to take those big trains up, those diesel engines. Years ago there was break man, fire man, and engineers, every engine had two men and they all lived here in Helper just about. And that Roundhouse I don't know how many men they employed down there, a lot of men. In all those coal mines now, what they got, three mines here or four. Standard's used to employ four or five hundredmen at the same time that Spring Canyon, Latuda a couple hundred men, Raines a couple of hundred, Mutual and Raines, three or four hundred men. So there is nothing left. That's all there is in the Carbon County now is a few pensioners like me that brings the payroll in.MVT: That's a lot of men in Helper I'll tell you. 28
 VAL TURRI #1 (Chuckle)A:I can't picture Helper big, I came here about six years ago and I've only seen pictures where they used to have the old Helper Arch, "Welcome to Helper"--[END OF TAPE]29
 cc--7 Carbon County Oral History Project TURRI, VALFebruary 8, 1972 - Helper Utah Recorded by Johnson and A rriolaSubjects: Coming to Carbon County in 1920s, Strikes, Accidents, and Celebrations, Unions and Company Stores, Prohibition, Immigration Woes, Lodges; Decline of Carbon County.