 SERGE GOLIAN Santa Ana, CaliforniaAn Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-195June 28, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
  
 Table of ContentsJune 28, 1970Tape #1:Childhood and MIT ................... 1Radar in Britain. . . . . . .Jerry-rigged Devices ........ .Battle of Britain ......... .The War in Germany and the Far East.Paratroopers. . ........... 18 German Research on the A-Bomb and Rockets . . . . . . . 21 Cosmic Ray Research . . . . . . . . . . . 24 switching to Atomic Energy .............. 27 Problems With Atomic Energy .............. 29 Submarines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32 Nuclear Testing in the Pacific. 35 Radiation Shielding . . . . . .Experience With Radioactivity.The Bomb in Hiroshima .....Danger of Reactors .................. 49 Public Perception. . ............. 52 The Environment and the Cold War . . . .Earthquake Theory and Radioactive FoodWaste Disposal . . . .. 4 . 7 9 . 13¥ 40¥ 43. 4657 59 62
 
 Benefits of Nuclear Power in Space .......... 64 Isotopes for Pasteurization .............. 69 Cost of Plants. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71 Medical A pplications. 73 Agricultural Applications ............... 75 Radioactive Dating. . .............. 77 Neutron Analysis and the Navy. 80 Future Applications ..... . ¥ ¥ 83
 
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH SERGE GOLIAN CONDUCTED BY CLARE ENGLE ON JUNE 2 8 , 1 9 7 0 AT SANTA ANA, CALIFORNIA(FOR THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1].CE: Thank you, Serge, for taking time to talk with me tonight. I appreciate your time. Before we begin talking about atomic energy and your work with the field, in the area, will you tell me something about yourself, where you were born, where you were raised and educated?SG: Well, I was born in Tashkent. At that time it was Russian Turkistan. That's about as far away from the ocean as one can get, but I spent most of my earlier years in China, Manchuria, a little bit of Korea, and I eventually came over to the United States.CE: Why were you in China?SG: Well, my father died at a very early age, when I wasonly three. My mother remarried an American.CE: Who was living--SG: He was with the Standard Oil Company of New York.CE: Living in China?SG: Living in China.CE: I mean--SG: Working in China at the time. Well, it was justnatural that I came over here to go to school then. CE: But you lived in China for--SG: Twelve years, about twelve years.CE: Oh.
 SERGE SG:CE: SG:CE:SG:GOLIAN # 1And eventually went to, after graduating from the University of Chicago, on my way to the doctorate which was interrupted by World War II, eventually went to work first for the Naval Research Laboratory, that was after the war. During the war, I spent most of my time at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and their radiation laboratory, working with radar problems. I had my choice at the time of going to work either on the atomic flight program or the radar program, and I chose the latter, even though my mentor at the University of Chicago, Arthur Compton, wanted me to go into the nuclear field. I felt that I could best serve my purpose by working on something which would come to fruition before the war ended.Now you have a degree in physics, is that right?I have a degree in physics; most of my doctorate work was in physics, and I never got my doctorate.But after having graduated from college you went intothe military?No, I was working at M. I. T. , the M. I. T. Radiation Laboratory which was an office of the--it was a--hmm, what was the name of the thing? O.S.R.D., Office of-- I don't remember the actual nomenclature now, it wasa research development which worked on all the 2
 SERGECE: SG:CE: SG:CE: SG:GOLIAN # 1scientific problems of the war, including radar and--And this was when? Approximately 1940?'41. I was then sent overseas to O.S.R.D., and thenworked out of O.S.R.D. in London.Well, what did you do for M.I.T.?Well, that was primarily in the area of getting radar going for the United States.For wartime purposes.Yes, that's right. The war had already started, and I was immediately given the choice of going to either M. I. T. or going into the program, working on the development of the bomb, although that was completely secret at the time.CE: But SG: Oh, CE: But SG: No.you did know that they were going to-- yes.you weren't with the Navy then?CE:SG:CE:Because the Navy was interested in atomic power, were they not, preliminary research in that regards?The Navy I don't believe was interested that early in atomic power for propulsion of ships. That came, I think, a little bit after the war. There was interest, but no active work going on.What did you do on your radar project?3
 SERGE GOLIAN #1SG: Well, on our radar projects, we developed all sortsor methods for not only the actual development of radar itself, but for the applications of radar for special purposes, some of which I participated in were blind bombing and control from a distance, beacons. One of the problems with beacons was that we had ships going over--we've got ships in the air, I mean aircraft, going over into Germany from England and we could not track them very far when we had already started radar, especially if they were a small craft like fighter aircraft. What was required at the time was a beacon, and in the beacons in this case is a device which--once you interrogated it, t~e beacon would send out a lot of powerful signals so then you track the aircraft all the way into Germany knowing its position all the time. There are many applications, and I was primarily sent over there for special problems of the invasion. When the invasionwas over I was supposed to come home.CE: Now, where were you sent specifically?SG: We worked out of the office of O.S.R.D. attached tothe embassy in London, but we joined forces with the United Kingdom Laboratory which was up in Worcester, England. That was the Telecommunication Research Establishment, I believe. The British used us for4
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1their early development of radar, and they were first on the field. We probably did more to introduce S- band radar and things like that, but the British had a rather crude version of radar working in a veryearly state of the war. They had to.CE: But they invited you? Did the British invite theAmericans--?SG: This was a cooperative effort.CE: Then why would it have been done there, since theywere literally under attack?SG: Yes, but we had our main laboratories scatteredthroughout the country, the principal one at the University of Ashlands was the M.I.T. Radiation Laboratory. When the development got to the stage where they were getting to the point of application, they had to get closer to the point of action. Many times we also would introduce things into actual warfare long before they were fully developed, nicely painted. They were literally screwed right into the aircraft and used in the operations. So we had to have people that worked with the armed forces, and a sort of liaison could supply both the technology and the military aspects, put them together into actual operations to fulfil specific requirements.CE: Did you go by yourself? Were you alone, or did you go 5
 SERGESG:CE: SG:GOLIAN # 1as a member of a team?Oh, no, we had a--I believe the name at Melbourne, at the Telecommunications Research Establishment we had a branch, a small branch which is the B.B.R.L., the British Branch of the Radiation Laboratory of M.I.T. It sounds very technical.It wasn't very large; we had two or three quonset huts located in a beautiful boys' school up in the northern hills. But the British end of the laboratory was quite a sizeable venture. Later on when the channel had been crossed, then, in keeping with the purpose of being near the action, we created another branch which was the Advanced Branch of the British Branch Radiation Laboratory which was now in Paris; a Branch of the British Branch of the Radiation Laboratories and so on. [Laughter] But we generally did not travel in large groups, we were lone wolves as it were in uniform.You were in uniform?CE: SG: CE: SG:Yes.As a member of the Navy?No, no, it was a peculiar sort of situation. We were primarily in uniform so that we would not be shot as civilians, because we were often--I had been in back of the enemy lines on occasion.6
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1CE: You were less of a target in uni for m?SG: No, no, no, not that, not the question of being lessof a target, but not a spy. You have militaryprerogatives which you are not in uniform.CE: I see. And you say you stayed longer than youanticipated?SG: Well, I was sent over, I was required by GeneralVandenburg to come over for a special problem, and it was stated that I would be back to M. I. T. in the course of a month and a half. Well, I did come back, but a year and a half later.CE: Why did you stay?SG: Well, one thing lead to another, and there were noend of problems to be tackled. They were usually quick response problems--sometimes we only had two days to work it out--all connected to radar. There would be problems thrown at us from all parts, mostly the Air Force. For example, in General Cusade's case he wanted some--he was going and he required special equipment then which just had to be jerry-rigged and built and screwed into the aircraft so that we could keep an accurate tab on exactly where positions were so that the bombing would not go astray.CE: You had production facilities at hand.SG: Well, these were not productions, we just built them7
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1ourselves; these were practically built in basements. They were often not pretty, but they were useful, and often more useful than the ones that are produced at great length and fully tested, because we could adapt them. This was--I believe we picked up this technique from the British. Generally they did not have the time or the money or the manpower to afford the rather luxurious way in which we approached the technical problems of the military.But you could mass produce them to the point--CE:SG: We never had to mass produce them.CE: You didn't--you had enough to--SG: No, no, they were in ones and twos, they were veryspecial devices that--for example in the invasion, all that was necessary was for the lead planes to have these special devices on them, or for two or three lead planes. In fact, I personally put them into the lead craft of the invasion forces. So we didn't have to do any mass production, in fact, we could afford to build them and solder the tubes right into the sockets so they wouldn't pop out. It was a one shot affair, and when the invasion was over, we didn't care what happened to them. It was for a one day only operation, but they had to be working thatday.8
 SERGE GOLIAN #1CE: But they did.SG: They did.CE: Were you in England during any of the seriousSG: CE:SG:CE:SG:invasions?What do you mean by serious invasions?Well, when London was bombed, for instance, were you there?Yes, I was there when the V -ls, V -2s--in fact whenever we were in London we would always get aninside room, hopefully, not an outside room.Because if the building were bombed, the outside rooms would go first?Yes, it wasn't generally--if it hit on the building, that was something else, of course, but what usually would happen (and chances were really relatively small that it would be your particular building, but it did happen once) , it would hit, it was mostly fragments from an explosion. The explosion wouldn 1 t be right at the building, but fragments from the explosion would, and they would get through thewindows.How would you react? How did you feel about it? Do you remember your feelings?CE:SG: Well, as a matter of fact, yes. I remember some of it, and the V-ls I believe was a much more serious9
 SERGE GOLIAN #1problem psychologically than the V-2s, because the V- ls were slow, relatively speaking, craft. I don't remember now, but perhaps 400 miles an hour. This is- -it's a small aircraft as it were which would eventually come down and explode. That meant of course that they heard them coming, and knowing they were coming and wondering if they were destined for you or not, you worried for about the length of time that you could hear them, which was quite a long time. Whereas later on the V-2 weapons were quite different because they came in at, oh, I believe their actual landing was something like 3600 miles an hour. They came in so rapidly that you would just not hear anything, they hit and they exploded and then you were warned that a V-2 was on the way after the explosion. So, the effect, the psychological effect of the V-2 was I believe, much less. At least in my case it never bothered me as much as the V-1, because with the V-1 you would have the alarms and the loudspeakers would say, "Flying bombs on the way, take cover, take cover."CE: Where?SG: Well, there were many places to take cover, andusually the nearest one where I was, the nearest one was the subway. The subways were quite crowded.10
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1CE: Especially--SG: But by the time you got to the subway, usually one ortwo of the things had exploded. They often came in bunches; the V-ls were cheap weapons, very cheap weapons, I saw a number--they were approximately $2,000 apiece, considerably less than the V-2 which is a fabulous early long range rocket. So they could afford to launch a lot of them, but not knowing the winds and all the conditions they were often missing the target, and so you would find out that on this particular day they were all heading say, southwest wind, or something like this. It was--I believe that it did a lot of damage to the British by stoppage of work, the V-ls that is; it interfered with the normal way of life.CE: And this went on for how long?SG: Well, the V-ls had limited range, and it went on--Idon't remember when they actually started coming, but it went on until the launch sites near the channel had been overrun. The Germans then made a serious attempt to continue in the operation by launching from the air. They had a surplus of a rather slow obsolete aircraft; I think it's the Heinke III, and they would mount these V-ls on there, and they would fly low over the channel. We already now had radar11
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1that prevented radar pick-ups, and at the appropriate moment, they would rise up and they would launch the V-ls from high up to London. This created for a time, a serious problem, but it was eventually overcome by a number of approaches. The British, and I believe even the Americans too, would go along, find the V-ls, and tip the motor through the wings. CE: Oh, really?SG: Yes, just tip it over.CE: But didn't you say they exploded upon--SG: No, they didn't explode. They exploded upon hittingthe ground. There was also a tremendous concentration of anti-aircraft throughout the country at the time, and I don't know really how effective it was. There were occasions they were hit, but you had to have almost a direct hit to damage them. There were a number of barrage balloons attempts; you just had a mass of array of wires that hung from barrage balloons that would change the path of these or damage them. There were a number of attempts to counteract the approach of these. But the V-2 was a very serious weapon because you had no warning, practically no trackage at all, it was much too fast.It would go up to almost--well, I believe, up to 70 miles.12
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1CE: The Germans developed these during the war.SG: Oh, yes. Well, Von Braun was very instrumental inthis, that Peenenmunde up on the Baltic.CE: Do you know him? Have you met him?SG: Yes.CE: Tell me about it.SG: Well, I don't know if I can tell you very much abouthim, we're not, we just barely worked together at White Sands. At that time I had already joined the Naval Research Laboratory, and I was sent out to White Sands to initiate, to help initiate a program. The Navy had obtained a number of V-2s from various sites in Germany after the war.CE: This was after the war that you joined the naval--SG: During the war, in fact I roamed around in several locations in Germany during the war where I saw parts of V-2s; they had a habit of producing parts in different locations, and as a matter of fact, at Nordhausen I remember a great concentration ofnothing but tail sections of these V-2s. They werebeginning to produce them in some quantities.CE: How did you ever get into Germany during the war?SG: Well, we were at the back of the line. Justoccasionally by accident I was in front. CE: Inadvertently.13
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1SG: Inadvertently. You could usually tell by it gotCE: SG:rather quiet, and instead of the signs saying--at first on the roads it would say "Road cleared of mines." As you got closer to the front they would say "Road not cleared at the edges," or something like that, and eventually it would say "Achtung leiman," you knew that you were getting rather close.You didn't deliberately then--No, I was not involved in any of these programs; there were of course many who were. I knew some of them, but I myself was not. When I got in back of the lines it was completely inadvertently, and I got out of there as fast as I could.Your talents were needed elsewhere.But actually, of course, the front was rather a--one hardly knew where it was sometimes.Nebulous.It was rather nebulous, yes. I ended, when the armistice was signed I guess I was in--where was that--oh, in Weinmeier, which was pretty close then to the other end of Germany already.CE: SG:CE: SG:CE: Then you were sent home after the armistice was signed?SG: Well, then I was sent home to begin conversion to the far East operation. I was scheduled to eventually go14
 SERGE GOLIAN #1over to Manilla to do the same sort of thing.CE: W asn't the progress you had made in England transferred there?SG: Not necessarily. You see, most of these, the main laboratories were working like beavers on all sorts of developments in radar, but the applications were often a little different depending on the actual nature of the war, and the war in the Far East was much different than the war in Europe. The problems were different.CE: Differences of what kind?SG: It wasn't just different. It was the nature of thewar, I mean, what your opponents were doing, what kind of operations were involved, and you just had to have different kinds of approaches. See radar, I'm afraid that most people think of radar as just one device; it's many devices, there are many aspects of radar, locational radar, beacon radar, very accurate radars for altitude and very, very many aspects of radar. I was not involved at that time, but I was quite familiar with many of the things that were going on at the time with the nuclear program. My mentor at the University of Chicago was of course Dr. Compton, and he had me go over into the Manhattan Program, and many of my friends had moved over into15
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1the Manhattan Program. My reasons for not doing it was that I thought that the war needed some rather quick action, and I didn't believe that the development of the bomb was a quick action. In fact, I was somewhat surprised when it actually went off before the end of the war, at least before the end of the one war.Well, after you left England--So, after I left England I went back to the radiation laboratory to convert to going over to the Far East, and it turned out that by that time the war had changed character and it looked like--This was when?Oh, I guess it was in 145; this took place in 145. This by the time that--Before August 6th, however?Huh?Before August 6th, however.CE: SG:CE: SG:CE: SG: CE: SG: CE: SG:Well, let's see, I forget my dates now--The bomb.Oh, yes, on June 6th, 1945 was the date of the armistice in Europe. So after that I began coming over to M. I. T. again to convert, but never did goover because eventually the character of the war had changed and it looked 1ike it was not required any16
 SERGECE: SG:CE:GOLIAN # 1more to set up the same sort of procedures we had used in Europe.Were you relieved?Not necessarily, no, I was sort of looking forward toit; it was quite a challenge solving the problems. I'm not saying I was sorry, but I really was looking forward to it.But then the war ended and you went to work for the Naval Research Lab?SG: Yes, at that time M. I. T. was going to disband--not M.I.T., but the M.I.T. Radiation Laboratory which was a laboratory set up for a very specific purpose of supplying, really a liaison between the requirements of the Department of Defense and all the scientific laboratories, the research laboratories of the country. Dr. Lee B. Bridge of course came back to Cal Tech, and before the disbanding of the laboratory each one of us had certain aspects of radar under our belts. We were required to write up a report which became the basis of the--I forget, about a twenty- five volume book which is surprisingly enough stillCE: SG:used--Where can it be found, in what--?Oh, in many libraries, I've noticed them in many libraries, at M.I.T., the Rad Lab Series on Radar.17
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1CE: The Rad Lab Series on Radar.SG: It's about twenty-five volumes, and we were allassigned pieces of this. The requirement was, you can go, but before you go you've got to hand in your piece.CE: Your term paper.SG: Your term paper, well, yes.CE: So you did, and the title of yours is what?SG: Oh, no, I supplied pieces of one, which is one of thevolumes which was on beacons, and I supplied certain parts of that, because very early in the development or radar at M.I.T., I decided to go into--one requirement that was very badly needed was a portable beacon, for specific purposes some of which--for example, beacons which were carried by the very first paratroopers that jumped into Europe. These had not been developed at this time, so once I started this development and completed it, I suppose I spent really most of the war really trying to really having these used in various ways.CE: Explain the function, I'm interested in knowing how someone who's parachuting into an area could use this device.SG: Oh, well, that was very easy, the pathfinders of-- let's say that we had aircraft that would go in with18
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1paratroopers. Now the body of paratroopers in many, many aircraft--in fact the day of the invasion I believe there were over 1,000 aircraft carrying paratroopers. The pathfinders, however, would reallybe the very, very highly trained people who would know the terrain. They would just practice and practice on this one specific mission. They would go in, establish a site for other aircraft to come in and deposit paratroopers you see, to build up the units. Now the pathfinders were a fairly small group then, and if you would equip them, let's say in my particular case, equip them with a beacon in such a way that they would actually be on his person when hejumped and when he landed he set this up and then he went about his business. The beacon would stay in operation and the other aircraft, the main body, would come along and would know exactly where that spot was. They could see the beacon, because they had radar and they would use that radar to get a response. On their screens, they would get a little blip with a code on it that would say that it was the 82nd Airborne Division.CE: And the code is what?SG: Well, the code was merely some sort of numbers on itwhich would identify that particular beacon. 19
 SERGE CE: SG:CE:SG: CE:SG:GOLIAN # 1But the significance of the code would be--Merely to say who it was where, what it was, to identify that this was number 1, number 2, number 3, so on.But the point I'm trying to establish is that the enemy--because there was a code, could not determine where--Oh, no, that code was not a secretive code at all. Well, then why wouldn't the enemy be able to determine where they are also?Because it was a question of being somewhat like just in advance of the enemy. It was not that the enemy couldn't do this had he put his mind to it, but my purpose in being over there was--there was an earlier beacon which the enemy knew very well existed and had on occasion captured some of them. But if they were ready to compromise this, you see, in the invasion, then we would immediately switch over to this new wavelength, and this was an S band microwave beacon, the others were not microwaves which we were pretty sure the Germans did not have yet. It was an insurance, and the coding--But was it effective?Oh, yeah, yes. Well, I guess I cannot say really that it was effective; it was an insurance, and it worked,CE: SG:20
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1but whether it was needed who knows? All these things put together made a success of the operation, but whether any one of them was absolutely essential, Icouldn't say.had been pretty well softened up on the day of the invasion and they were not really in good shape to respond by the kind of action that we had anticipated as being possible. This--it wasn't just used there, it was used in slightly earlier invasions down in Sicily. There were various areas of technology that were handled in just this method. There were some people that were over there, and as a matter of fact there was a mission, I don't know if you've ever heard of it, the Alsose Mission which was looking at what the Germans were doing in developing the bomb. As a matter of fact everybody--when the V-2 first landed I had been up at the 8th A ir Force Headquarters, and the word, everybody was rather suspicious that the Germans wouldn't throw what was obviously a very expensive device like the V-2 at us, unless they had something to go with it, like a super bomb, ann everybody held their fingers crossed,because that would have been the end. 21Y ou're being modest.CE:SG: No, no, I'm being honest, because the Germans, they
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1CE: Because you knew that they were working on a superbomb, too?SG: Well, it was not--the fact that uranium fission couldeventually lead to an explosion device was fairly obvious, this didn't take any genius to see that. To make it practical, that was something else. It was not until after the war that we learned we probably didn't have too much to fear from the Germans in this regard. Their attitude towards the conduct of technology and science was a little different from ours, and the fact that the leader, the fuhrer of the group that was entrusted with trying to develop the bomb had said this was the way to do it; everybody had accepted that. It couldn't have happened in this country, and he was going down the wrong road. Now, of course, later on, there was an argument that states that they did this on purpose, they didn't want to develop the bomb and so on. I'm not going to enter into this--CE: Did Von Braun say this?SG: No, this is not Von Braun, Von Braun was strictly--hewas a very young man and he was very instrumental in getting the V-2s going and other rockets up in the Peenenmunde, but I don't believe he had anything to do with the nuclear device. I believe people 1ike22
 SERGE GOLIAN #1Heisenberg was an extremely capable physicist but probably slightly on the wrong track as far as getting a bomb going. They were trying to get off the bomb, but on somewhat low priority.CE: Now we're at the end of the war and you're going to the Naval Research Lab?SG: Yes. Well, at that time, I always liked a bit of excitement, and at that time it looked like there was going to be an opportunity then that there were these V-2s coming across and there was going to be a summer camp to operate these V-2s and get them going. The Naval Research Laboratory was given the role of using these rockets for experimental purposes as far as general science was concerned. They were not primarily interested in developing rockets for rocket's sake at the time. So I was given the opportunity of instrumenting some of these front ends of these rockets. As a matter of fact, I chose cosmic rays because it was a golden opportunity to get them high enough. I had been doing my thesis under Dr. Compton on cosmic rays, and of course the limits were as high as a balloon could go or on top of say amountain, like Mount Evans for instance where I spent a number of months setting up at 14,200 feet in Colorado, but it was a golden opportunity for getting23
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1up high; mainly we hoped for about a hundred miles. I became involved in that program.CE: T ell me about cosmic rays.SG: Well, I don't know, of course the origin of cosmicrays is something that's still somewhat in doubt. We don't know quite where they came from. There are certain rays, and they can't be solar and cosmic at the same time, but they're named solar cosmic rays, but these are not the very, very highest energy ones. The highest energy ones we don't know where they come from. But nevertheless they' re mostly charged particles of enormous energies coming from all directions and hitting the top of the atmosphere, creating a number of secondary particles which come to earth. It's a very complicated subject because there are very, very many forms of particles. Each particle may have many kinds of different--a broad spectrum of energy, and the weakest energies cannot go anywhere and the highest energies can penetrate right to the depths of the deepest gold mine throughthe air.CE: What is your thesis then? What was your thesis?SG: Oh, my thesis was--I had been working with Dr.Compton who had been very instrumental in getting a lot of the cosmic rays programs going, and I had been24
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1working on east-west asymmetry to why there was a difference between the number that came from the east and that come from the west up at high altitude. Butthese cosmic rays, at the time, they were a very valuable part of physics if for no other reason, we had no other way of getting at high energy particles. Later on, it became possible to generate particles at first in a couple of hundred thousand volts range, and eventually in the million volt range, and then inthe billion volt range, and so on.accelerators that the--I guess the first one in this country was when we got off about one billion volts energy. The energy that an electron would have if you accelerated it with the potential difference of one billion volts, which is a lot of high energy, see. That would be the velocity and energy it would have if it had got through a potential difference of one billion volts. This became possible at Brookhaven National Laboratory in Long Island where we built the first. The name of it was the Cosmotron. As a matter of fact, it's from cosmic energy, you see, Cosmotron, and that achieved energy through the total energy of two billion electron volts. As a matter of fact, IAnd why did it become possible?CE:SG: Because of the development of various forms of25
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1went to work on that program, like it was getting along. Iyou know, i t 1ooked had left a research laboratory after about three years, and then spent about two years advocating as a matter of fact, onthe cosmic cause.CE: What would be the ultimate use for a device such asthis?SG: The cosmotron? Well, the whole of nuclear, the wholearea of the interaction of particles is very basic to all of physics, the core of the atom, and the atomic particles they're in, their interaction and the understanding of this whole process and the phenomena and how matter is built up. One of the basic tools is the interaction, is the use of particles to interact. Cosmic rays are very interesting phenomena, but they leave something to be desired: you can sit up there and wait for one to come along, whereas in the device like the cosmotron, you can produce a couple of years' supply in one fell swoop, and under much more controlled conditions. There will be an area along in time to come in which cosmic rays cannot be displaced because they are just too high in energy. We can talk about a billion volts, but we begin to get into trouble when we try to hit a trillion, but cosmic rays think nothing of trillions, and quadrillions,26
 SERGECE: SG:GOLIAN # 1and quintillions. They are particles which have enormous energy in the cosmic radiation, single particles, that we will never be able to really achieve or. earth. It would just take a device that would be so fantastically enormous in size and power and so on, even on the cosmotron, which is now a very small device, comparatively speaking, there are devices which are much bigger now.Twenty-five years later.Yes, but this is--I forget when it actually went into operation now, at that time it was of course juststupendous, but now it's just passe. As a matter of fact, Brookhaven itself has a much larger one. The cosmotron, I don't know whether it's being disbanded or not, but it's really considered quite passe.What did you do for National Research Lab, what was your assignment there?National Research?Naval, excuse me.Oh, Naval, well at the Naval Research Lab, I originally went down there to work on various programs, but they were primarily on the upper atmosphere and cosmic rays and the use of V-2 rockets and so on, and as a sort of a sideline I got interested in some atomic energy problems. That wasCE:SG: CE: SG:27
 SERGE GOLIAN #1before going to Brookhaven, and at Brookhaven of course, they had--while working at the cosmotron I also paid a considerable amount of attention to nuclear problems concerned with reactors, reactor safety and so on.CE: You said you went to White Sands.SG: Well, White Sands was not--from Brookhaven, it wasCE: SG:CE: SG: CE: SG:from the Naval Research Laboratories, White Sands was implementing the actual launching of the rockets. When they would get an experiment ready, or when there would be a V-2 ready, we would match them up and fly the whole experiment. It was a rather unified affair, not 1ike the present day. Vast numbers of people would go out and hunt for the pieces,recovery, and so on, we did it all.Why?Well, it was a very limited budget, a fantastically small budget.But the AEC had by then--The AEC was not really involved in that part of it. Oh, not at all?No, no, not that part of it. The AEC--well, I'dbetter backtrack a little bit. organization, of course, and interested in particles as such,28The AEC was a large they were always because you never
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1knew what the next step of atomic energy was going to be. For example, while we tend to think of the reactor as being the device which the AEC is entrusted with basically, that everything is for the purpose of either the production of power orgeneration of electricity by nuclear means, or for the military purposes of nuclear weapons, or a number of other ways in which you can use atomic energy.CE: Research.SG: We are after all, hopefully seeking everywhere in theadvanced world. As a matter of fact, a new way of generating power, the fusion method which offers a great number of advantages compared to a reactor, the normal thermal, either thermal or fast ordinary nuclear reactor which leaves a rather drastic trace of itself in the way of fission products that are highly radioactive objects that must obviously be disposed of are dangerous in many senses if not properly attended to. Eventually of course, there's another aspect of nuclear power that must be kept in mind. The supply of uranium and the supply of fission products, not fission products, but fissile materials, and other things besides uranium can be used--there are forms of barium that can be used and so on. These are stil1 1imited; we can run out of29
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1them, and we can run out of them in a relatively short time, there's just not an infinite supply of highly of usable fissile material. But the objective of fusion power is to use say deuterium. Now deuterium is a form of the hydrogen atom, and this occurs in such vast amounts that you if you had a going thermonuclear power plant now, you would have very little worry about the future.CE: Is this a natural element?SG: Yes, that's a natural element, and it's--for instancethere's a great amount of it in sea water, that great amount of it. It's small when compared with the natural hydrogen, but there's enough of it there so that it would be really very useful. It's a natural element, you'll find it for example in the battery of your car; you'll find deuterium along with the ordinary hydrogen in the water. In the water, there tends to be a certain concentration. So there was always a kind of interplay between the Atomic Energy Commission and other groups in the fringe areas as it were, when dealing with particles or cosmic rays or whatever, there would always be interest and they'd always be interested--in fact I remember one time at Brookhaven a joint venture between the Atomic Energy Commission and the O.N.R., Offices of Naval Research30
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1in which they lent us a carrier that we could take down to the Caribbean to fly cosmic ray experiments down at the Caribbean. I was at Brookhaven at the time but I went on that particular expedition. So all during the course of this time I learned a fair amount about atomic energy generally, in fact to the point where when I came back to Washington the second round experience at the Naval Research Laboratory--I came back after to the Naval Research Laboratory, I knew enough about it then to--I was asked to teach reactive physics at George Washington University one year and I was asked to keep on doing that, and I bowed out from a teaching position, it's terrible. It took a great deal of time; in fact I was gone about ten hours for every hour lecture.CE: But you were still employed by the Naval Research Lab?SG: By the research lab, yes, and eventually it looked like--of course the Navy now was already in the business of trying to produce nuclear power for propulsion. There were many strange problemsdeveloping. It looked like the Naval Research Laboratories were going to be involved. Now I'm not talking about the main body of the effort under Rickor, but I'm talking about fringe problems in the31
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1 area.CE: This New World, the Hewlett book to which I was referring mentioned that the Navy was interested in research in the thirties, in the late thirties, and that's one reason they were very receptive to the people who suggested that the bomb could be developed.SG: Yes, well the Navy--the Office of Naval Research was very effective in getting a great many areas of science first into the application stages that were eventually--they supported a vast amount of research. Some of the most amazing early research was done at places like Naval Research Laboratory, some of the early radar forms; which were developed as a result of ásomebody noticing that when an aircraft flew by over there it changed a certain distribution of energy; they were in computers, many aspects of technology. I think the Navy was very good in this in the early days of pushing the frontiers of science,hopefully toward--not necessarily you had to be tiedto a specific defense problem.CE: Would they foster--?SG: But they fostered a great many things. They veryearly pushed these aspects and they were foresighted enough to see that propulsion was feasible, and from32
 SERGECE:SG:CE:SG:CE: SG:GOLIAN # 1a military standpoint was invaluable for say, submarines, which could not--before they had the nuclear power--could not keep submerged, and when they came up they were very vulnerable.Because of the prolonged need for oxygen, the lack ofit?Well, oxygen we still need, but right, recharging the batteries and things like that you see, we have to breathe still. But--well, many things. Of course the other thing is, you see, you can go round and round the world as it were without requiring any addition of fuel. You don't have to resurface to your nearestsubmarine tender and draw your allotment of fuel, as it were, you see?Have you seen any of the submarines, the nuclear powered submarines or--Oh, yeah, I've seen a number of them, I've been on submarines. In fact, I'm an honorary submariner, which one becomes after having twelve dives.Oh, is that right?But when I was with the Naval Research Laboratory we were often sent on cruises of various kinds, primarily to be acquainted with the problems of the Navy so that we would often spot ways in which we could be useful, before it was suggested. So I did33
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1have a chance to be on carriers and submarines and all sorts of aircraft of various kinds. But the Naval Research Laboratories, as I say, decided to enter a program of building its own reactor.Now this was after the war?CE:SG: This was after the war. And also now, there was goingto be a requirement for nuclear weapons testing which was not going to be possible to fulfil in this country. The weapons would be very large; one could not fire them in Nevada, and so the Navy was charged with part of the responsibility, a great deal of responsibility for the nuclear weapons test.CE: Why, since the Army was in charge of the Manhattan Project, and the Navy seemed to have been left out?SG: Well, the Navy I think--of course, I'm not an expert of the whys and wherefores here, but the nuclear aspects of the development were of course in the Atomic Energy control by now, and it was obvious that when one had to perform overseas that the very vital part of the effort would be a navy effort. One had to explode a weapon somewhere in the far Pacific, onehad to instrument it, one had to have many ships. It was rather obviously a Navy problem, you see, to get all this put together as it were, the task force a Navy task force. Now the way it usually operated was34
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1that there was a Navy task force but there were civilian members of the task force. Los Alamos always played a very key role, Los Alamos Laboratories of the AEC, but the Navy also had quite a large role. So simultaneously I guess we decided to enter the, to build our own reactor and to play a strong role in the development of test procedures of nuclear weaponsover in the Pacific. Now, another reason I would say this, because of our experience with the V-2s and having to start up from scratch almost, in White Sands, instruments, develop diagnostic equipment for testing all sorts of effects, you see, it was somewhat a natural to be called upon to do the same for a weapons test overseas, you see. There were many reasons 1ike this. The task force that went over there, of course, was a rather large task force of navy ships, many ships of all types, carriers, aircraft. Now I'm not saying the Army and others didn't play a role, I'm just saying that there was a large Navy task force.CE: Well, why do nuclear experiments usually have to take place in water?SG: Well, it wasn't that it had to take place in the water, it had to take place away from here.CE: And who said it had to? 35
 SERGE GOLIAN #1SG: It was fairly obvious that--one didn't have to sayit, one tested weapons of a certain size, like twenty kilotons or so, and that was one thing, but we were about to test weapons in the megatons. Now the fallout from ámegaton weapons above ground was just not something we could possibly count on. They could never have been carried on in this country. We had to take it to a remote location. That's very simple, the reason for that, that you just simply do not fire weapons where there's a likelihood of a large amountof contamination, and it's a far cry from twenty megatons to so--a thousand, I 'm sorry, from twenty kilotons like the Hiroshima, Nagasaki bombs to megatons.CE: None exploded in Nevada--SG: Oh, no, no, no, not that kind. You can get I guessthe ones that they've announced that they've exploded--well, underground, that's something else, you see, but even underground you're not going to go into the megatons.CE: We have an agreement with Russia now don't we, that we won't do any above ground experimentation?SG: Right, of course, yeah. They're trying to eventually get some sort of way in which they can use above ground explosions for peaceful purposes, I mean like36
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1digging a canal or making a harbor, or--yes, some of them, of course, we can still do underground, like exploding underground for purposes of increasing yield in fossil fuels, but others you obviously have to explode aboveground, like digging a canal. There've been many programs of careful study on howto dig a canal, a new canal across South America, say.That's proposed.Yes, a number of times, but it still has to be an international agreement. This is--we're not about to do this unilaterally, if we ever do.What were your concerns when you were in the Pacific as a part of a project such as that?What do you mean specifically?Well, I'm wondering whether I would constantly be concerned about overexposure to radiation.Well, I could speak with some authority on that, because I guess I was overexposed. We took a great number of precautions, everybody was monitored. As it were, my exposure was purely a voluntary exposure in that after the firing of the first H-bomb they had asked for volunteers to go in, fly in by helicopters directly over, which I did.CE: SG:CE:SG: CE:SG:CE: How soon after the explosion? Minutes, hours, days? 37
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1SG: No, about twenty minutes. It was decidedly hotdownstairs, below the helicopter.CE: How high were you?SG: Well, I forget our actual altitude; we would monitorand go down a little lower and monitor and go down a little lower to see where we were, and when we had a certain amount of radiation we backed off.CE: Then you did this for purposes other than just military; medical, too?SG: Not necessarily, we were primarily concerned with--most of the diagnostic equipment was in the bunkers. We had to see the state of affairs with the bunkers. The closest bunker that we had to worry about was two miles away from the explosion. It was a very large solid bunker, and we had to establish whether it was still there, number one, because one of the islands had disappeared. I forget whether it was the Lujii Laab or whether it was the Pucci, one of them vanished. We had a two mile long--joined to a number of coral, small coral islands together to make a location for it there. And they had to establish what the state of affairs was because teams had to go in to recover film, to get the material out. We couldn't really have cable lines, they wouldbe burned up, generally. 38
 SERGE CE: SG: CE: SG:CE: SG:CE: SG:CE: SG:GOLIAN # 1What kind of materials? For what?You said you had to get the materials out.Oh, the materials out, well, mostly records of the tests itself.Monitors of some kind?Monitors of all kinds, yes. Many photographic records or civil scope tracings of various kinds.These things were not destroyed?No, what you did was normally have, get as close as we could in the most solid ways you could, in enormous thick heavy bunkers underground.Underground?Well, you couldn't really do it underground, it was as close to underground as you could get and still be on an eighthole. But heavy construction, extremely heavy construction--now there can be a lot of damageinside, but the film can survive, so we had to get these out. So we had to send in crews to obtain these things, and the first thing I noticed when we descended to a certain altitude--and we had standby helicopters in case of trouble, 'cause if we had gone down there, we were only given a certain amount of time, you see, something like 600 Risa sort of half lethal dose, meaning that if you got this amount of39
 GOLIAN # 1exposure there's sort of a fifty-fifty chance. It wouldn't take very long: I guess the closest we approached was the 75 R field, but you see that doesn't take very long. If you were down there for an hour, you'd begin to get a sizeable amount ofradiation. That was way up high yet, you see, but down on the ground--in case of trouble with the helicopter, if they had to land, we would have been very--so they had standby helicopters to snatch us out of there in case of trouble. But we did notice that the door was jammed and therefore, the great steel doors in the back end, away from the blast were jammed and it looked like they had to be unwelded asit were. So they had to send in, 1ine up everybody that could handle a blowtorch, a welding torch and send them in, and once they got a certain amount of exposure, back to the States.do too much on that, no radiation is unfortunately-- it doesn't do you that much good to have a suit on. It helps some, yes, but--CE: Aluminum is used now, isn't that the most common barrier for people who work with radiation?SG: Well, it depends on what radiation you're talking 40SERGEWas there equipment that you wore--CE:SG: No, you can't really do too much:, you can't really
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1about. Some, gamma radiation, it's not going to help you much to have a little bit of aluminum around you.CE: I was reading about the Hanford Plant where the--SG: Well, that's something, yes. One of the very serious things that can happen to you is ingested quantities of isotopes which are in the air, say, and youbreathe these and these isotopes can--well, specifically certain organs of the body, as you know- -why do you take iodine in salt? Because it goes to the where the goiter is, you see. Well, the same way, if you have radio iodine it would go there, see, so we can talk about any of those isotopes of which there are a great variety, and one thing about fission is that it forms just hundreds of isotopes of all different kinds and you can always usually find something fairly specific to a particular organ of the body.CE: You had to keep all of this in mind when you were-- SG: Well, strontium's one of the great worries, all the strontiums because there are many isotopes, I'd say. We needn't go into specific ones which are ones one would worry about. Or heavy atoms like plutonium for example, some of these are go to certain parts of thebone and unfortunately scorch the bone marrow where blood formation takes place, and so the quantities41
 SERGE GOLIAN #1which one can tolerate safely are rather limited. Nowin this sort of situation suits are good, you see, and devices which keep you from breathing outside air are good, you see, but in a case of actual radiation- -by radiation meaning gamma rays now some other things like betas and alphas thin amounts of material do have--but in gamma rays, they can penetrate quite a sizeable distance of material. The distribution of energy, some of the weaker ones you can stop, but some you can't. So, when we had a reactor at the Naval Research Laboratory we had a very large shield between even mild sources and ourselves, and as a matter of fact, you had to--you looked through glass, I forget, but the total quantity of material between us and our substance was often a foot and a half. I just say this to point out that a small amount of suiting is just--CE: Nothing.SG: Is really nothing. It can keep you from--propersuiting and masks and so on can help you ofcourse--hmm?CE: You didn't have that available that day?SG: No, but unfortunately when we had gotten into thisradiation field the aircraft could pick up a fair amount of fission products, and ourselves, we had42
 SERGE GOLIAN #1picked it up too, whereas we didn't have an exposure that warranted panic. We were sort of a problem when we landed on the aircraft carrier.CE: What did they do with you?SG: Well, they didn't know what to do with us becauseCE: SG:CE:SG:they immediately found that we were hot, you see, we were radioactive. I forget how many of us were, I guess about five or six, the total complimentincluding the pilot and the military observer, and myself and the gentlemen from Los Alamos. I represented the Navy, I guess, the Naval Research Lab, and we were hot, so--I don't mean that we were disastrously hot, but we were hotter than they cared to handle. They had a big conference while they kept us away from everything and they decided to--I guessone time they were even going to just throw the aircraft away, into the ocean.Let the fish become contaminated.And they didn't know quite what to do with us, but eventually they had rigged up a series of showers on the outside of the carrier, over the side and they spread a lot of paper out for the people to walk on. They suspended you in air while you got washed?No, no, we went on the side, you see. I guess we had to just strip when we got in the middle of the43
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1carrier there and gently throw all our clothes into a ball which they threw away, and then we walked on paper to the side there where the showers were, all over the side of the carrier, and we scrubbed, and we scrubbed for about an hour.Did that alleviate it?CE:SG: Yes, that helped, and every time that we came out,they would push us back in because they would take another reading and find that we were still somewhat active. It was not so much that it was very unsafe conditions, but we were being overcautious. And rightly so, rightly so. So, I guess I can speak with some authority on that. We always worried about--I have never taken radiation 1ightly. I did have the head of the branch, the Nuclear Reactor Branch of the Naval Research Laboratory. I did have a lot of sources, but we always took great precautions, and we had a lot of monitoring equipment, and anybody that treated t his stuff with 1i ttle respect was quickly shunted to other work because it is not a thing to play with. Nor is it a thing for panic, properly handled, I think. I personally just do not view it as any more unsafe than a highly explosive material orthan organic fluids of various kinds.CE: But you accomplished you mission there, you acquired44
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1the information you wanted?SG: Oh, you mean in--CE: On the helicopter?SG: Oh, on the helicopter, oh, yes. Oh, yes, wediscovered what they needed and eventually did recover our material, but my mission was over because once I had gotten a certain amount of radiation you were sort of kept out of any further--you were shunted back to the States. It was a rather mild amount, nobody ever got--there were people that were exposed, but inadvertently, usually. Then really the remarkablE.á--the Atomic Energy Commission had a remarkable record of safety. There have been fatalities, there have been near fatalities, but many of them were just sort of rather inadvertently. Concerned with specific problems like--oh, I guess we don't really need to go into this, but tickling a dragon's tail where you have a brief high burst of radiation, and in one case the burst continued because the device got stuck and one gentleman died. There have been a number of--but considering the number of people that have been involved in the program over the number of years, the record of safety has been excellent. I don't think there's any industry that has as good of a record of safety---?-45
 SERGE GOLIAN #1CE: SG:CE: SG: CE: SG:CE: SG:What did you do then? Where did you go after that? After?White Sands?W ell, White Sands was--Just an interim period?White Sands was the rockets and cosmic rays, and after White Sands was when I did--It was after that--With the Naval Research Laboratory, but then we got involved with the reactor, this was probably the greatest amount of consecutive atomic energy tests of work ever done, including also weapons testing in the Pacific and weapons testing in Nevada, Frenchman's Flats, and there have been a number of experimental shots there.I'm interested in knowing what your reaction was the day you heard that the atomic bomb had been exploded in Japan.In a way I wasn't too greatly surprised because I couldn't help but know some way, since I had been very closely connected to--in fact the laboratory was right in the building where we were, where I had been originally doing my thesis, the original laboratory.You see, as a matter of fact the reactor itself that 46CE:SG:
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1Fermi and his cohorts built was built in the stadium at the University of Chicago, under the stadium, under the stands as it were, and it was hard to be in the Physics Department, because it's not a very big department anyway, and not know what was going on. And as I say, I had my choice of either going into that program or with Dr. Compton.Did you know Fermi?I didn't really know Fermi; I met him, but I don't think he would know me. I knew Dr. Compton very well. I knew a number of other people that were connectedwith atomic problems, but not Fermi himself. I had great respect for Fermi. He was an unusual man at the University of Chicago. He was one of the few great men like that who was also one of the best teachers. I could tell hair raising stories about others who were Nobel men who were worse.Then you knew [about the atomic bomb]?Yes.What was your--?It was one--I am not going to say that I was happy, you know it's just one of those things of, "Oh my God! Now what?" See?CE: SG:CE: SG: CE: SG:CE: "What did I do?"SG: Well, it's--I really hadn't been that personally47
 SERGE GOLIAN #1involved myself, but it was the consequences that bothered me. It didn't take a genius to see where this could lead, and has.CE: I was reading some statistics today in the New World and was reminded of what a tragedy, 70,000 people in one city died, and 100,000 in--SG: Well, yes and no, but I am not going to ever plead for the glory of the war here or anything, but I do believe that it did shorten the war considerably. Now one can argue the merits of their 70,000 versus our 70,000, and I can't honestly go into that debate, but from our standpoint--and you didn't know how long itwas going to be without that.CE: Honestly, you didn't know?SG: Well, the only thing--you didn't know, one otherthing, it was not just whether the use of that weapon, or the potential use of that weapon by use would shorten the war, but should somebody else have had it, you see, or was getting it, I mean I shudder to this day to think what would haven happened if the Germans did have it.CE: Because it would have been used in New York and in Los Angeles--SG: I'm not saying it would have, but the threat of it, and supposing they had [them] when they had the V-2,48
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1I think it would be a pretty different world at the moment. It worried me considerably.CE: It's better to be--SG: Especially knowing, you could see what was going on,and knowing the potential.CE: Have you seen any of the victims of the overexposureto--the Japanese, for instance who were pictured in Iremember Life and Time--?SG: Not personally, I mean sure, I've seen manyphotographs and I've read many articles, I've analyzed many problems of what would happen if--I had to do this on a number of occasions from the standpoint of a reactor, what is the safety of reactors? There's always an argument about this sort of thing. I've attended a great number of hearings and I sti:l go to them occasionally and like the San Luis Obispo hearings and the Santa Fe reactor hearings, all these I had attended and it was always interesting and I had done some amount of analysis of my own. In fact, I had done some analysis which had lead to some predictions about when or what were the danger points, you see. So I think that generally reactors--I don't believe that a reactor per se is a comparatively more dangerous device than something else. Now that's maybe because I know enough about49
 SERGE GOLIAN #1it. It can be pretty well controlled; of course it can be stupidly used, and of course it can be built in such a way, but in general, the precautions are very great. When I originally was helping out whether or not we were going to build a reactor in Washington D.C. at the Naval Research Laboratory, this was a very interesting problem, because up to that time nobody in their right mind, you see, would have considered putting a reactor four miles from the capitol. So we had to go through a considerable amount of soul searching and hearings and we had the Atomic Energy Commission and the Safe Guard Committee and there were people on there that were very knowledgeable people including people 1 ike Culler, and it really made us do a lot of homework. I had to study everything from the shellfish population in the Potomac River and the possible effect of spillages you see and this sort of thing.CE: Why then is this still a problem? If these things have been done, why then is there still opposition to--SG: Well, first of all there's always opposition to sort of an unknown.CE: But this isn't unknown.SG: Well, it is an unknown in a way. Radiation is50
 SERGE GOLIAN #1something you can't see, or feel. It's a scary thing in that sense. You see, whether or not, if you have to have power, you have to have a source of energy. This energy has got to come from either fossil fuels, nuclear energy, water power or something else. As a matter of fact it has been stated for example that there is more fission, or more radioactivity releasedinto the air from the big coal power plant than there is from a nuclear plant which is well-controlled. There are many problems, one has to dispose of the waste. Now this is a problem in itself. Eventually, hopefully we will have fusion power, but still, at one time we thought we would have fission power, quite a while ago, but suddenly we--CE: We don't.SG: We don't.CE: You were talking about radiation exposure and powerplants, generators.SG: Well, what I was about to say, there is a possibilityof some radiation exposure by the people working in there if they do things inadvertently. But with proper control, I think this is just as safe as--or I can say this, that one can get into a lot of trouble in an ordinary plant, in a fossil fuel plant from explosions. The radiation in a reactor is primarily51
 SERGEGOLIAN # 1due to--well, there are two kinds, one of which is a direct radiation when the reactor is running; this is taken care of by a great amount of shielding. The other is the fission product: one, the spent fuel asit were, the changed atoms, the fission products which have resulted from the fission process itself. These are radioactive; they are contained within the body of the reactor. If they were to get loose they are a form of hazard, but one does not normally cut them loose. One takes a great deal of trouble in containing them. It should be pointed out that one thing a reactor cannot really do is go off like a bomb. It can make a mess of itself, but it is not a weapon in itself. I think that the greatest fear that developed from when one talks about reactors and nuclear safety of nuclear plants, is the fact that it is an unknown quantity, an unknown itern which is a silent--you can't see it, you can't hear it, you can't smell it--this type of thing scares people.CE: Well, then, why doesn't someone do some good public relations work to try to alleviate the minds of the people who--?SG: Well, I believe that, and here I will take exception, that many of the approaches that have been taken, the public, especially in the hearings I have been--it52
 GOLIAN # 1seems to me that not enough attention is paid to the explanation of this. A hearing is often conducted in such a way that the contravenes, the people who are objecting in such a way to the placement of a nuclear power plant in a certain location, while the AEC mayprobably give them a fair hearing, many of the contractors who are there, to put it bluntly, are trying to sell the reactors, and they tend to run rather roughshod people who object to a reactor, "We know better than you do, and why are you asking silly questions?"has been very obvious, and if there is a wise AEC man, he can stop the situation. Sometimes it gets out of hand, and I do believe a great deal of information must be gotten into the hands of the people to calm their fears. Now power, when you require power you require energy, you require thermal residue as it were, you've got to get rid of heat. Now this is no worse in a reactor than it is in a fossil fuel[plant], you've still got heat to get rid of. The thermal pollution, which is a problem that the AEC has to worry about, the Hanford plants up in the--CE: The Columbia River.SERGEThey probably do--CE:SG: Sometimes not, but I have been at hearings where it53
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1SG: The Columbia River, [they] did heat the river up.CE: How did they resolve that, or did they?SG: Well, I don't know; I don't really know how theyresolved that. I'm worried about--make studies about what a certain amount of heat increase, thermal increase does to various forms of life. Up in the San Oakley, not Los Angeles, but San Luis Obispo hearings that I attended, there was a great deal of concern bythe--CE: Fish and Games Department?SG: No, no, the great concern was by the people who--theabalone fishermen, because the abalone turns out tobe very sensitive to a temperature range.CE: Higher than a certain level?SG: Well, it can't be higher than or lower than--theyhave a certain limited range of temperatures, and the thermal pollution, unfortunately until very recently the Atomic Energy Commission considered it not in their charter to handle the thermal pollution aspect. They were worried, their hearings were conducted primarily to worry about the nuclear aspects, the radiation aspects, but not the thermal. I guess in recent acts of Congress this has been changed, so there is now a more unified consideration of the total sum, rather than a piece of it by AEC, and a54
 SERGE GOLIAN # 1piece by someone else, and so on. One cannot get rid of some of the undesirable products of the generation of power, no matter what the power source is.CE: But it's so beneficial that these other things are outweighed, is that what you're implying?[END OF T APE # 1 ]55
 THE FOLLOWING I S THE SECOND HALF OF AN INTER VIEW WITH SERGE GOLIAN CONDUCTED BY CLARE ENGLE ON JUNE 2 8 , 1 9 7 0 I N SANTA ANA, CALIFORNIA [FOR THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT].SG: Well, yes and no. I'm not going to say that we should have an unlimited amount of power at our disposal, although some people think that the rate of growth of power, per capita use of power is very large, and if it continues, one has to build some form of power plant. Are these to be nuclear? Thermal ones have quite a lot of problems, maybe you'11 get more air pollution by thermal--not thermal, but a fossil fuel plant, maybe you'11 have more air pollution by a fossil fuel plant than you will by nuclear. This should be weighed. There are other things that one can do. Well, from safety standpoints, there's a consideration of putting--people have consideredputting them underground. See, that's a particular safety standpoint, or maybe this is expensive, but I think that there is some benefit to be derived, and if it calms a lot of fears, then I think it might be worth it. Personally I think, from the standpoint of degradation of our shorelines, it would save us justlining the shores with our power plants.CE: You referred earlier to the Plowshare Program of the AEC. What would a project like that mean to our ecology, since we got on the subject of ecology?
 SERGE GOLIAN #2Because I was looking at some of the pictures in some of the AEC brochures I was reading today, and I began to wonder what happens when we make big holes like that?SG: Well, I guess until very recently people tended to just disregard the effect on any large undertaking, be they Plowshare, or be they--oh, for example there's a great deal of worry on the problem of the extraction of Alaskan oil, a very serious worry, because oil spills there can last for centuries, in the kind of environment that there is, it may not dissipate like it does in more southerly climates. Any large undertakings that we have been involved in, I think not enough attention has been paid to the long range effects. The AEC is probably as guilty as anybody else of that crime. Although I do believe that since they are so vulnerable as it were to criticism, they have probably paid a lot more attention to it than many other agencies have. I don't think that we have really damaged the environment nearly as much as some other things thathave happened in this world. But for example, you see we have been very limited, I'm not talking about the above ground tests. I hope that era is over, although there are some people who are very unhappy that it's57
 SERGE GOLIAN #2over. They feel that somebody else may be getting ahead of us, you see.can't we tell whether the Russians are? I mean can't we tell the difference?Well, yes, sure, we can all tell.But they're not.The Russians can't tell, yeah, they've been pretty limited in this area. They've tested some ratherCE:SG: CE: SG:CE:SG:large--of course the Russians have tested bigger ones than we have ever tested, and they have some fairly natural proving grounds there, in the Novya Gidyna they have tried some rather large, I guess hundred megatons, which is about as large as they come, hopefully. I don't see how you can even build one that large, that is an enormous explosion. I mean nobody in their right minds ever hopes to use one of these things. Of course, I mean this is strictly a strategy of terror, that you want to assure that you're just as terrible as they are. But once either side uses it, then that's practically the last word. What about international controls, how can we, because we have different ideologies, how can we everhave a code by which we can control nuclear weapons?I don't know, but I see great hope in the fact that Russians seem to be reasonably anxious not to use58
 SERGE GOLIAN #2weapons as much as we are. I'm more afraid of the nations who are late in the game, who are just cominginto the game, as it were, the Chinese for example. They may be willing to take a much greater gamble. I'm much more worried about them. I believe we have crossed the threshold as far as the Russians are concerned. They are fully aware of consequences and dangers of nuclear exchange.CE: Why don't they change the stockpile then? Why does that seem to be a--SG: Because one stockpiles them. One came out unilaterally, to unilaterally disarm, say nuclear wise, leaves you wide open to blackmail. The only reason that there is a balance of terror, as I say, is that both sides are able to mortally wound the other side, and at this point it is a standoff and neither one can unilaterally disarm from a nuclear standpoint.CE: Well, I think we should record your theory about nuclear explosions, underground explosions and earthquakes. Will you discuss today that theory?SG: Well, I don't think it's my theory, I believe. I don't really know who to ascribe it to, but I have heard from a reasonably reputable authority--which I can't quote--that there is a distinct possibility59
 SERGE GOLIAN #2that underground shots can often release a site where, the built up tensions, stresses, that can conceivably prevent the occurrence of a major earthquake, really one is exchanging, relieving the pressure by having a lot of small earthquakes. It takes an extremely large weapon fired underground to come anywhere near what the large Richter scale readings of earthquakes would give. The earth has a lot more power at its disposal than one can contain in a nuclear weapon or two. There is a possibility that one does relieve the stresses. You see, there are constantly stress conditions being built up, and there's a relief of these in a small amount of shaking.CE: And we're close enough to Nevada and the areas in which this is being done--SG: I don't know, you certainly can record a Nevadan explosion here. Now I don't know how much it takes to relieve something here.CE: You see, I'm trying to get assurance from you--SG: No, you can't, because I can't give it, nobody cangive assurances about earthquakes.CE: Well, it sounds good, and it makes me sleep betterwhen I think about it that way. Regarding radioactivity and the fact that it's been found in60
 SERGE GOLIAN #2food, dairy products and fish, for inst ance , how can this be avoided?SG: You can't impossibility,avoid radioactivity, that' s an there's radioactivity all ar ound us. bombarded by radioactivity , you'reY ou're beingdrinking radioactivity. There's radioacti vity in milk, because milk is composed of atoms, and many atoms have slight amounts of radioactivity. Someisotopes have radioactivity in them. I believe at one time it was quite obvious, from the AEC's own list of tolerable radiation permissible dosages, that milk was a forbidden item. Not milk that had been exposed in any way, but just natural milk.CE: Oh.SG: You see, you cannot avoid it, there are atoms allaround us that are radioactive.CE: But I think that the publicity on this--SG: People, yes, and then they go out and buy awristwatch which has radioactivity in it. Well, you'd be surprised in the number of items that have radioactivity. The amount of radioactivity in say, fertilizer, or in, sometimes a camera lens, these are quite sizeable amounts. One cannot avoid radioactivity per se, it's a fact of life.CE: But one could avoid overexposure. 61
 SERGE GOLIAN #2SG: Oh, certainly, and--well, one can avoid having thoseconditions that lead to that.CE: Like above ground, or frequent above groundexplosions that increase the radioactivity.SG: Right. For years after the period when we had above ground tests, and the Russians had above ground tests, one could detect the actual residue, and whenit would rain, you would suddenly get a spurt of it, because the rain would wash down radioactivity. But-- well, they've just got to believe that there is a lot of radioactivity all around us.CE: What do you do, what does a plant like Hanford, the one in Hanford, Washington, do with the residual material, or the waste material?SG: Well, this has always been quite a serious problem; much of it has been disposed at sea, much of it has been buried. One does not really worry about short life isotopes so much, but the long term ones, I mean we are storing up isotopes that are going to last for thousands of years, one can concentrate and one can embed them in material so that nothing, not even earthquakes could possible disrupt it, and then put it in the sea, but we can't keep doing that. One can't keep burying it, because it's going to leak. Burying them there is a problem of leaching. Material62
 SERGE GOLIAN #2can leach out of--this radioactivity can leach out of objects. This is a serious problem, as I say, for the long range. I hope that we will have other sources of power, such as fission power, as I said. This won't solve it completely, but it certainly decreases theCE: SG:CE: SG:CE:SG: CE: SG:amount of radioactive wastes.Burying it helps to decrease it?No, it isn't that, they just want to get it out of the way.I thought maybe it expedited this.No, no, it doesn't expedite it at all. There's no way that you can. That's one thing that we can't do about an atom, and that is to speed it up. Really it takes its own sweet time.All right, when you washed it off of yourselves, after your helicopter trip, you washed it into the sea.Yeah, that--You got rid of it off of you, but it went elsewhere. Sure, but there is radioactivity in the sea, there always is. It's just a relative balance, one cannotthink that before we came along with nuclear power there was no radioactivity, that's just not so, there's always been radioactivity. One hopefully does not increase the level. There are areas in the world63
 SERGE GOLIAN #2where the drinking waters are (by AEC standards) completely unsafe. There's one place in India which happens to have an extremely high rate.CE: Naturally.SG: Naturally radiant.CE: Should we court the peaceful application of atomicenergy? I'm interested in knowing about the wide application of atomic energy to production of electricity for instance, which you've touched upon. And where it's used other than the San Oakley type plant.SG: Oh, there are a great number of nuclear plants now in the country of course, and more are being built. We're getting to the point where there are--at one time was a question of at what time we do we obtain a magic number like 6 mill power? But there are other benefits that can accrue, from the standpoint of air contamination. I mean one has to go to a great deal of expense here in Los Angeles to use sulphur free fuels, you see, for the fossil fuel plant. This is expensive. Now the amount of material in the air, that was dumped into the air because of the fossil fuel plants--there, it's a nice quiet, fairly clean source of power. It isn't just a question of using itup in the Arctic or something where it would be hard 64
 SERGE GOLIAN #2to transport fuel. We are, I don't know what the latest figures are, but not too long ago it lookedlike we were approaching a time in which almost half of the new plants that were being built were considering nuclear power. This is a--integrated sources of power, where you're using the power, you're using, acquiring power as well as heat for some process such as conversion to clean water, salt water, things like this. Integrated plants are going to get quite a bit more attention shortly. Desalination is a--CE:SG: Desalination, yes, one can produce plants which willintegrate not only the production of power, but the production of--desalination--or not desalination, but conversion from brackish water to clean water, there are many forms of getting water. But this is not the only source of benefit to man of nuclear power, I mean there are--these range all the way from processes to nuclear medicines, to--it's just a vast number of--just like in space there are a vast number of fallouts in space, so there are a great number of fallouts in atomic energy.CE: In fact, atomic energy was used in the space program quite extensively, wasn't it?SG: Not very much, really. There've only been--well, 65
 SERGE GOLIAN #2let's put it this way, the long operating plant, or long operating devices up in space have normally, if they hadn't acquired quite an enormous amount of power, have used a source of power that's readily available to them, which is solar energy. Solar cells have been the mainstay of the early phases of the space program. For very short f1ights, of course, one can use batteries, but when one gets to longer and longer flights, or let's say, going to Mars orsomething 1ike that, one might as wel1 use readily available power from the sun. But if one gets to require large amounts of power, then one begins to think seriously of atomic energy. Atomic energy. Atomic energy can come in various forms. You can have a rather small quantity: from a watt, ten watts, up to a hundred watts, that can run off of isotopes. On the other hand you could build yourself a reactor, a small reactor which would give you a much greater amount. If one is considering something like a space station then one would begin to think seriously of areactor in space. CE: On the moon, maybe? SG: Eh?CE: On the moon, maybe?SG: Well, no, I'm talking about something 1ike earth 66
 SERGE GOLIAN #2orbit stations, which are much more likely than the moon. There are many practical uses--this is a combination of a practical uses of space with the practical uses of atomic energy, it has a variety of practical uses in space. But one would begin to acquire working power for a crew in an orbitinglaboratory, and I'm not talking about a shop where somebody goes up for three or four days, I'm talking about a permanent laboratory up there where one can have shuttle buses that come and go to it. Now one begins to--it's absolutely mandatory that one has nuclear power if one wants any reasonable quantity of power. One cannot do it with a solar cell or fuel cells or anything else.CE: Well, how would this be maintained or sustained?SG: Which, the power?CE: There, yes, if there were--SG: Well, that's the beauty of nuclear power. You set itup and it keeps running. Occasionally you change thefuel but not very often.CE: The next flight would bring the supplies?SG: Well, you don't have to--no, probably many fights. Itdepends on what level of power you want. You're not going to have a power plant in a space station that's the equivalent of the San Oakley plant.67
 SERGE GOLIAN #2CE: SG:Oh, no, I understand.With reasonable amounts, one can run for a long period of time without changing the fuel, you see. That's the whole beauty of nuclear power as compared to any other form. Burning one pound of fissionable material can give you a vast amount of power.I saw some statistics today in that regard that surprised me, I didn't know.If it wasn't for the fact that you have to get rid of fission products, get the poisons out of the way, it would just burn for a very long time. It becomes less efficient to use it that way, so we keep changing it occasionally.Do you think that this will ever replace fossil fuels, or just supplement it?Well, it's certainly replacing them to a great extent. In many places it is replacing them, especially in those areas where fossil fuels have to be brought from great distances and are expensive. Therefore the question of economics and cost and of the damage to the environment enters in, and one can trade the potential fear of nuclear effect to the very real detriment to the environment by having vast amounts of some sort of smog up there you see, aCE:SG:CE:SG:trade off. A ll ofthem have some detrim ental68
 SERGE GOLIAN #2characteristics. The only way to get rid of it would be to quit using power I guess.That would be interesting, wouldn't it?It's been suggested that we cut down on the use of power; there may be blackouts in the East from the demand that's just in excess of any possible source.CE: SG:CE: SG: CE: SG:CE: SG: CE: SG: CE:If everybody turned on their air conditioners at the same time now, I guess there'd really be trouble. Well, that's a forecast for us, isn't it?The East is in the worst position in this.Two years ago wasn't it they had a blackout for-- Well, that was different reasons, I guess, wasn't it? I don't know that was purely on demand though. That was a failure, wasn't it?But I think it was a result of this activity--Oh, that's quite possible--It was used--Quite possibly.I was reading today also the radiation from the byproduct isotopes that are produced in the nuclear reactors, that they can be utilized for sterilization and pasteurization of food. I wonder if this is--has it become a widespread use--?No. There, I don't know what has happened lately, but there was great hope for that, for military use,SG:69
 SERGE GOLIAN #2because one could sterilize the food, like bread would keep forever, and meat would keep forever without being in a can. Generally, however, there has been a--while it is a perfectly safe thing to do andit lasts for a long time, it has been very difficultto keep it from having a taste.CE: I wondered about that.SG: That's desireable, and this is what has happened onthis, so it's sort of gone to a lower--the effort I think has somewhat slacked off on that although it is perfectly feasible.CE: And it is safe for consumption?SG: Yes, one does not to activate an isotope to have itsterilize, one can use different forms of radiation as it were, to keep from activation. By activation, I mean, if I don't bombard something with a neutron, and a neutron creates an isotope, I can bombard it with something like a gamma ray, which cannot really create any isotopes. Once a gamma ray is absorbed it is over, there's no radiation left, whereas if you bombard it with a neutron, you can create an activation process which leaves a radioactive atom, which itself will stay around for a while, then decay at some later time. But one can generally radiate materials in such a way so as to produce no70
 SERGE GOLIAN #2residual radiation.CE: And that's what they were doing in this process?SG: CE:SG:CE:Yes.They wouldn't be useful, for instance for purposes of sending to Vietnam so that--Probably not. I think it's much too expensive at the moment really. It takes a lot of fuel, it takes a lot of processing to do this.And that's a subject that we haven't discussed at all, the cost of any project such as building these reactors, for instance. Initially the government assumed all of these costs, but once privateindustries started building these nuclear reactors, I know they've also initially gotten help from the government, but isn't that primarily a private industry venture now?Primarily, yes. I think the government still does help in many ways, but not generally directly. It doesn't supply the money, but it supplies a fair amount of knowhow and it is eventually--I think it certainly can become a self-sustaining program. I suppose one can say the same thing for space eventually. But there are enough benefits to be derived conceivably for certain space activities to make it economically feasible on one's own withoutSG:71
 SERGE GOLIAN #2having the government pay for it. Any program of this magnitude originally almost must have government support.CE: What is the cost, do you recall, for instance, for one nuclear reactor?SG: Well, I don't really remember that. I can just say this, that from the standpoint of economics it was considered a major goal not too long ago to have six mill power for a reactor, or for a power plant. That was to consider everything, the depreciation, and fuel cost, and all these things, 6 mills per kilowatt hour is a reasonable figure, per se, so one can talk of being competitive with fossil fuels, really. I think one has to use really quite a little bit of caution, because costs have soared in this area. But it is not too far out of line really, from being competitive, or a pure clean economic basis.CE: There are enough people using enough electricity so that if you built a reactor and I were your customer, you could make money as a result of a venture?SG: Oh yes--well, you don't think that the people who are running San Oakley are doing it out of the goodness of their hearts.CE: No.SG: They're doing it because they felt that it was72
 SERGE GOLIAN #2economically feasible to do so. Now maybe not on that one, but you see, as one of them, and California does have a program in which there are others being considered.CE: There was a lot of opposition to the one that was being considered for Huntington Beach. I think that's why--SG: Well, costs rose, it was in a sense one of these combinations that I was talking about where you try to pair the production of power and the desalination. And it--there was opposition, but I think what killed it at the moment was not the opposition so much as the soaring costs of the venture.CE: Are you familiar with any of the work that's been done in agriculture or medicine with atomic energy, other than the goiter treatment?SG: Well, yes and no. Of course trace elements, the actual tracing of various processes in the body. As I said you can have isotopes which are specific, they'll go to certain locations. Well one can--I think we used that in a different context before, itwas from the standpoint that it would deposit somewhere. But let's say you have something in the body that requires salt or some salt process, and you introduce a sodium isotope that you have made into73
 SERGE GOLIAN #2the body, this acts then as a tracer. You can follow the flow or the process in the body, and this can happen in many situations, it's not--I just used sodium as an example. Once can make radioactive sodium, one can make radioactive iodine, one can make radioactive all sorts of isotopes which then can be used in some body processes to see how some particular process goes, from the standpoint of diagnostics, to see if something is or is not happening in the body. It is a diagnostic tool.CE: It's an effective one, and it's frequently used now? SG: It's used quite a bit. For one thing, one can also consider the problem of actual deposition of radioactive material to deposit there and radiate and perform a function like a very local sort of sourceof x-rays, as it were. This is--there have been radioactive cocktails fed to patients you see, where they wanted to deposit in a certain place in the body and to not only that but to give local radiation like for cancer treatment. Brookhaven, as a matter of fact, went to the trouble of having a special compartment in their reactor where they would expose certain brain conditions that required exposure toradiation, which will actual--the rectory will-- CE: Detection of brain tumor, or--?74
 SERGE GOLIAN #2SG: CE: SG:CE:This wasn't detection, this was treatment.Oh.It can be used for detection; there are ways of using radioisotopes for detection, there are ways of using it for treatment, so it can be both diagnostic and treatment.I talked with a man last week who worked at the Hanford, Washington, plant, and he was telling me that toward the end of his eighteen years with--well, it was first Dupont, and then finally G.E. There was a regular farm on the facility and they were experimenting with cattle for instance, with various types of animals, with cattle he mentioned in particular, and he said that those that had been treated with radioactive materials were growing more rapidly and had more tender meat. Apparently they were fed this meat, and I thought that this was--I don't know anything about that. But while you spoke of say agriculture, you might be familiar with the fact that one whole species of noxious fly was kept under control radioactively by the fact that inmating, the fertile male--the females only mated once, and the radioactive treatment of males to sterilize them and release them, they mated, but since it was only one mating, that would be the endSG:75
 SERGE GOLIAN #2of the mating, and there would be no offspring then at all, and one whole species was brought under control this way, by radioactive treatment of a fly. It wasn't a fly, it was akin to the fly.CE: That's very interesting though.SG: But it can be used in many--Brookhaven for examplewas very active in biology and agriculture. In fact they had an enormous area roped off which was called a radioactive potato patch where they had a very strong cobalt source which would emerge from the ground to expose gamma radiation at different distances and different amounts, to everything from potato patches to what have you. Many times it was purely diagnostic, wondering what would happen, but as I say, there are some rather odd ways in which radiation can be used.CE: What would be the ultimate results of an experiment such as that?SG: Well, I couldn't help but see it. I drove by every day, but I don't know really what happened to that lately; I haven't heard of that for a long time.CE: A very large, not measly potato?SG: Oh, no, no, no. I don't think that--I think that'ssort of rare. One can, of course, induce mutation, and in inducing mutation the chance that it is a76
 SERGE GOLIAN #2worthwhile mutation is usually pretty small. It does occur. I know in certain flowers they have acquired mutations which were novel and valuab J.e--reasonably valuable from the standpoint of aesthetics, you know, a flower of different appearance. Chances are generally however, that you have to do an awful lotCE:SG: CE: SG:CE: SG: CE:of exposure, an awful lot of mutation before you find a beneficial one. Nature takes its sweet time about this sort of thing, one can't rush it. But one can induce mutations and then try to find a good one. Well, I'm trying to determine the value of this experimentation.W ell--As I did the other day.I see. Well, it's hard to assign a value to this sort of thing. I mean what value was--what's the old phrase, what value was the first electric bulb?I'm awfully--someone found out about it.It was considered pretty worthless.Radioactive dating, can you explain the process? I thought that was rather interesting when I was reading about that.SG: Well, there are different forms of it, according to the different lengths of time you're interested in. Like if you're interested in the five/ten thousand77
 SERGE GOLIAN #2year class, say, or if you're interested in a reallong term.CE: Like 1,000,000 years or something.SG: Like 1,000,000 years ago, but one that has gotten alot of publicity I guess, is a shorter term one, because when one talks about the lifetimes of the order of say 5,000 years, one puts it back into early history here. This becomes a very valuable--carbon dating--CE: Carbon 14.SG: Because carbon dating does put us into a veryinteresting time, and one thing about it is it was always around when people existed, there's carbon. So one can usually find some remnants of their--or their artifacts or their remains of the food they've eaten, or their bones themselves, because once a person dies, he stops acquiring carbon, as it were, and so the process of acquiring carbon stops at that time. Most dating processes are based on the fact that the ratio of certain isotopes changes with time, from the time of initiation of like carbon 14, you--bombardment from the outside by such things as cosmic rays and so forth changes the amount of radiocarbon as it were, you see. Now the radiocarbononce it's ingested, can decay, and the amount it has78
 SERGE GOLIAN #2decayed can be used as a yardstick, you see, of the time, to compute back to the time when it was last deposited, say, that bone was made, or that object you see was eaten or what have you. From then on it merely decays. Now if you find a ratio of radiocarbonto the ---?--- carbon, or many other isotopes like this, you can then estimate the length of time since the process ceased, and that is the way of dating it you see. Now that can be done with the time, say beams in houses, they've often decided a great--the woodwork in a certain house in New Mexico was 750 years old because that wood was a living thing up until the time it was cut and placed in the house. By cutting a piece of it and doing carbon analysis on it, one can then say the house (was built from wood] that was cut down 750 years ago. So, fairly simply stated this is what it amounts to. Actually, to doit, is kind of a laborious process.CE: But it's a very exciting contribution to a historianor--SG: Oh, yes.CE: Anthropologists. It will help us to understand better, even prehistory. Well, then the radioactive dating and the neutron activation analysis are related, are they?79
 SERGE GOLIAN #2SG: In a sense, because neutron analysis generally, onecan analyze the presence of very small amounts of material if it is subject to capture by a neutron. If I want to know--every nucleus that gets captured by a neutron turns into another different kind of nucleus that can become radioactive. Now if I want to know if this particular kind of nucleus was there. I can bombard it with neutrons and I can identify that this was now a decaying something or other, a decaying aluminum say. Well, then I say, "Ah-ha," if I have this decaying aluminum identified by the rate of decrease with time, identified as being one particular itern, then I can say there was a small amount of this material present, and that quantity can be very small; it's a very sensitive method. As a matter of fact, you may be surprised to know theneutron analysis is used in criminology, where you want to find out a trace of something in the hair or--CE: Arsenic.SG: Arsenic or--a very sensitive method. As a matter offact, my old stamping grounds, the Naval ResearchLaboratory, they do some of that for--CE: The F.B.I., or someone?SG: For--well, yes, the F.B.I. Strangely enough there is80
 SERGE GOLIAN #2some work going on there for the Revenue, the I.R.S.CE: What connection would that have? Dollars being counterfeited?SG: No. Strangely enough it may be--because this is such a sensitive method, one can sometimes analyze a source of where something came from, you see. A source of material, this particular material camefrom, say Guayaquil, Ecuador or whatever you have. It can often traces sources, and the I.R.S. sometimes, or the Treasury Department or somebody else. This is all--neutron analysis can be a very sensitive technique. It is again not a simple one because you have--well, it is sensitive, but there are also many competing things, competing reactions, and you've got to weed them out to find out the right one. It would be very simple if this were the only thing that happened, but many things happen and you've got to find out why this particular item was there, particular isotope. So I guess you can say they're related, but neutron activation is a pretty extensive field nowadays.CE: Crime does pay, it could pay.SG: A very sensitive identification.CE: Going back to your Naval Research Lab days or justthe Navy in general, is the most extensive military 81
 SERGE GOLIAN #2application of reactors for the propulsion of Navy ships?SG: Well, obviously the original great use for reactors in the Navy was for submarines where it had an obvious merit.Why? You say obvious, why?CE: SG:Well, it is a source of power which you don't have to really replace, it just keeps going on and on and on. A man could go around the world many times. It can stay submerged now, you see, it doesn't have to run diesels, recharge batteries. It gave one an overwhelming advantage. Nobody would think of going under the ice all the way, under the pole. With non- nuclear power one just couldn't do it. One would have to surface, and then unless one found proper leads there to come up through, one would have a hard time. That was such an exciting time of history, wasn't it? But this is not of course the only kind of vessel that can be equipped with nuclear power, in the Navy, and certainly we have others now. The merchant fleet use is somewhat, it has had an unfortunate experience, I suppose in a way. The Savannah is agood ship, but there have been many problems, and there's an international problem of people again worrying about atomic energy, or about having theCE: SG:82
 SERGE GOLIAN #2ship come to port. They've had a lot of labor trouble, they wanted to scrap the Savannah several times now, it's just too costly. As an exhibit of the capabilities of nuclear power, I think it was very good. Now, I think probably if we don't keep it up, there are other nations that are getting veryinterested in the whole subject of nuclear propulsion of merchant vessels. But outside of that I can't think of any application of nuclear power for propulsion to commercial, for trains or anything else; I don't really see that.CE: That was a lead-in for my next question. What do you see as a future for nuclear power?SG: Well, the greatest amount of it will be just pure production of electricity, possibly desalinization plants, things of that sort. As far as propulsion of ships are concerned, I know that the military requirements are obvious, but I don't know that one can make a very big case at the moment for nuclear powered ships other than military. We can't even really effectively run non-nuclear powered shipscompetitively together with the other parts of the world, so I find it hard to see how we could run nuclear ones, which are decidedly more expensive. You do have to take greater precautions. So from the83
 SERGE GOLIAN #2standpoint of power, I think in space, we'.re-- definitely in the long-range missions I think it is definitely a must. If one has objects that are anywhere in space for a long period of time, then I think it would be a requirement. Conceivably I think it should lead eventually to the use of peaceful explosions for the building of harbors, the building of locks, the building of canals, the building of storage tanks, and other things. One can make an awfully big underground hole and fill it with things that you want to put in it, whether it be natural gas, or what have you. I'm sure I haven't mentioned all the possibilities, I'm sure I could think of some others if I could have some time, but those are the ones that come to mind.CE:SG: CE: SG: CE:Well, Serge, this has been a very enlightening threehours, I 've thoroughly enjoyed it, and kind to give me your time.W ell, you're welcome.I hope we can talk again.Yeah, okay. Thank you again.[END OF INTERVIEW]you' re very84
 