 LYNN LEE Blanding, Utah Tape No. 4An interview by Kathy Biel August 10, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground of. Headstart.Education of Indians • •Teaching Indian ChildrenProblems of Educating Indians.Indian High School Graduates • • • • • • • 18• • • • 21• 23• • • • 26A ttitudes of Indians TowardAdult Education Programs • •BIA and Public Schools •Attitudes of Parents and Teachers. • • 30 Indian Students in College. • • • • • 36Bilingually• • • 10 14School13
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. LYNN LEE, DIRECTOR OF INDIAN EDUCATION AND REHABILITATION FOR SAN JUAN SCHOOL DISTRICT IN UTAH. THIS INTERVIEW IS FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HIS TORY PROJECT . THE INTERVIEW TOOK PLACE IN MR. LEE'S OFFICE AT SAN JUAN HIGH SCHOOLAT BLANDING, UTAH ON AUGUST 10TH, 1970 AT FIVE IN THE AFTERNOON. THE INTERVIEWER IS KATHY BIEL.KB: All right, Mr. Lynn Lee, is that correct?LL: That's right.KB: I'd like to begin the interview by asking you to explain a littlebit about the Indian education and rehabilitation in Blanding andjust what it entails.LL: That's quite broad.KB: Imeanittobe.LL: Well, you haven't started this yet--oh, you have?KB: Is this a state program, or a county program?LL: Well, all of the programs that I'm involved or associated with arechanneled through the local public school system. Some of them come through the State Department of Education, whereas others come directly from the U.S. Office of Education to the school district. We have a Headstart Program which, by the way, comes from the O.E.O., the Office of Economic Opportunity , rather t han the U.S. Office of Education.KB: Uh, tell -us why this difference.LL: Well, this is where it started, where Headstart was originated under
 LEEPAGE 2KB: LL: KB: LL: KB:LL:the Office of Economic Opportunities when it first started. Just here in--in Utah?No.Or is this nationally?It's nationally, uh huh.I wasn't aware of that, and there's a Headstart in my own school district.Yes, and this--they're operated in several different ways.In Utah, generally, they're operated by the local public schools,which isn't normally the case. In most of the areas throughout the United States, it's operated by Community Action agencies, and they utilize church facilities, or public buildings that mighthe vacant. Whereas in Utah, in all but one or two of the schooldistricts, Headstart is administered by the public schools withthe grant from O.E.O. The Headstart has been shifted from O.E.O.to H.E.W., but it still is run through Community Action rather than through the State Department of Education. What'll happen in the future, we don't know, but I believe this is what has happened upto now. Then we also have a bilingual education program under TitleSeven, what they call K.9:10.KR: Is it the English as a second language program?LL: No, no, this is--this is actual classroom instruction in the
 LEEP AGE 3native language rather than English as a foreign language. And this is on pre-first, first, and second grade levels where the children have a very poor knowledge and understanding of the English language. The idea is that if they can be taught in their own language, while they're learning the English language, theywon't be so far behind when they--when they orate, or receive instruction in English. And we are operating this program inthe Bluff, Mexican Hat, and Montezuma Creek schools, where we have a higher percentage of Indian children.KB: But not here in Blanding?LL: That's right; here in Blanding. We're using our school here asa control school right now for the purpose-of evaluation. Andthe way we have operated this is we knew we would not be ableto find certified Navajo teachers who could--were fluent in both languages. I mean, they're just not available. So we wrote up our projects so that we could use Navajo people in a team teachingsituation, with a certified teacher.KB.: As a teacher's aid, or more-LL: Well, not an aid. They're--they're more than an aid because ofthe fact that they actually do the instructing in--KB:: Well, how are they credentialed then?LL: Well, they're not. They're not certified, and as a result, we
 LEEPAGE 4refer to ·them as a cooperating teacher rather than as an aid. Because they do have more instruction responsibility than do most aids. But nevertheless, we can't refer to them as a certified teacher either.Now in what grade levels is this type of program carried out?KB.:LL: Pre-first, first, and second.KB.: Just in these grades?LL: Yes, maam. They work as a team, and they do their planning astow.hat they want to cover, what subject matter, and so forth, what they want to cover the following day. And then the bilingual teacher works this out so she can present it to the children who can not understand English, in the Navajo language. The regular teacher does this in English, and then as the Navajo children are able to comprehend English, then they can more from the Navajo instruction to the English instruction a year at a time.KB..: Are these two separate classes, or are they in the same room? LL: This is in the same room, and usually we have some dividers orsomething in the room so that they can--where they can have one group on one side of the divider, and one of the other, so there's not too much interference.KB,.: Is there ever a cross-teaching situation where the English teacher instructs the Navajo children and vice versa?
 LEE PAGE 5LL: Yes, basically in what we call the oral language program. Thisis a program that has been developed b.y the Southwest Cooperative Edlucational Lab.oratory in Albequerque. And it is--it is to provide the English instruction so that--I mean that we're not just holdinga group with the Navajo language, but at the same time we are teaching them English as rapidly as we can. We're doing thisthrough the Oral Language Program. So when they have their oral language, then the English teacher will also work with the--or the English speaking teacher will also work with the non-English speaking children to some degree. And at the same time, the Navajo teacherwill also work with the other children in teaching them some conversational Navajo and some cultural- instruction, telling them stories of the Indian History and culture. Then we also have aT itle One program~wliich is T itle One of Public Law 89:10. Thisis the same act as Title 117 with the same law, ·but with a different title under the law. And this is education for the educationally disadvantages studertts. This is where we are concentrating on English as a second language to complement the bilingual instruction.And then also when we get into the secondary program, we emphasize re~ding a great deal. We also get involved in cultural activities as participants. And we're also going into some vocational education, which will be worked with Title I, and also a special
 LEEPAGE 6grant that we have from the Vocational Eaucation Department.And then we have a Career Opportunities Program that is administered by the school district. What we have is a number of classroom programs that are designed for the Indian children. Yet there'snot adequate progessionaly trained Navajo people to work in the programs. And so the idea is to provide professional training, college classes right here in Blanding so that these people thatwe have working as aids or a cooperating teachers and so forth, who are not degreed, will have an opportunity to work towards their degree in education without having to leave home and go back on campus. And we have, oh, slightly over thirty.Indian people that are involved, and they have been in class notfor eight weeks this summer. They will be able to receive twelve semester hours of college credit this sununer, and then next yearas they go into their regular classroom assignments--they willalso on Friday afternoons ,go into college training. So duringthe academic year, they will be able to get eighteen semester hoursof college credit.KR: Now is this in education?LL: Uh huh_. Yes, they ' 11 get their general education requirements plusThat many?KB:LL: Uh huh. Most of them are Navajo people. We have a couple of Ute
 LEEPAGE 7KB.: LL:KB: LL:their major and minor credits toward their degree in education. Then, with very few exceptions, they should be able to go all the way through their college program right here at home without having to go back on campus.Now is this an extension--a college extension classes?Uh, no. I mean they are, in a sense, and yet the credit is recorded as on-campus credit.Of what college?Uh, Brigham Young University is conducting this. They are usinga lot of local people for teachers, but these are people withmasters degrees, and people who have worked with the Indians, and th.en they hire them on their staff--some of our · local teachers during the summer. They have been providing some of the English and math instruction and so forth.How are these classes funded?Through the Career Opportunity Program, which is under the U.S. Office of Education and the B.ureau of Personnel Development, I helieve it's called. And also this is a cooperative program,wh.ereby they have funded us to a certain level, and then, of course, during the regular school year, the district pays the people's salary while they're working, so there's no stipends involved during the summer. There are stipends paid to the people when they areKB:: LL:
 LEEPAGE 8enrolled fulltime, and all of their fees are paid, and travel expenses and so forth. We are also receiving assistance fromthe Office of Rehabilitation Services that are paying fees for some of their clients. The Utah Division of Indian Affairs pays fees for some of their beneficiary students. The Wind(?) Trading Program under the Employment Security Department is also contributing financially. Then we have--we have three or four employees at the Rureau of Indian Affairs Boarding School down atAneth who are involved, and of course, they're all on salaries. So that's their contribution to the program. And if it was all figured up, it would run, oh probably $150,000. And our grantwas for $45,000. So it is quite a cooperati~e effort these several different agencies. We also have an adult basic education program in our district that is administered by our district and funded through this Wind(?) Trading Program, primarily. We also receive some funds from M. D. T.A. which:As ··::.t1:1e~."Manp~er....,Ilev.elopme.rtt Training Act. We've·had some funds from the Utah Division of Indian Affairs, and from Community Action, and also from theState Department of Education. The Adult Education Act of 1963,I believe, has allocated funds, and last year we had thirty-seven employees in our school district from mino.rity groups, I think.Well, see, we had thirty-seven Navajo, two.Ute, and two Spanish-
 LEEPAGE 9American. Prob.ably three years ago, we maybe had one or two.And, of course, this was the reason that we felt the need for this--career opportunities which represents about seventy perce11t:~ of our employees. With that many people in the minority groups, with only one or two of them with degrees, we felt that we had todo something in order to give them opportunities for professional development. Also through our school district, we administer a co-educational program for the Utah Division of Indian Affairs, wherein we help students who desire post-high school training.Four years ago, we had twenty-eight students. This fall we have made arrangements for 120 Indian students to go to vocational school and college. We have them fill out applications, and also seek financial assistance, and the Utah Division of Indian Affairs has funds that they allocate to us. And we also utilize funds fromvocational rehabilitation, and M.D.T.A., and Educational Opportunity Grants, which are available through the colleges themselves. And the Navajo tribe, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs--we work with them in getting matching funds, and so ·forth. And, oh, that'skind of fast.KR: Well, I'd like to--LL: Well, I could go into a lot of detail on each of these_·progl'.1.ams, butI'm not sure just what you want.
 LEE PAGE 10KB.: Well, I would--I would like to digress, and I'm very interested in this school as a control school. How-has it compared to the schools in Mexican Hat and Bluff?LL: Well, we've only had this for one year.KB: Uh huh.LL: Prior to this, the children here in Blanding typically made greatergains, academically, than the children in these three other schools. Of course, we have contributed this to the fact that they're closer to the, you know, to the population, and to the--and they're more acculturated • . They have more contact with the English language and our culture, and of course, then when they go to school, they're-- they're not quite as handicapped as far as the language and the culture are concerned. And so we maintain that if--if we couldeven keep pace in those schools with the children here, that wouldindicate that we were making progress--if the ~ap didn't widen. KB.: Uh huh.LL: We have just received the evaluation, which is this document ·here, and as you see, it's quite big.KB_: Must have taken a year to write.LL: We have--we have two doctoral candidates who are doing theirdissertation on their projects; one of them in the area of academic, the other in the self image aspect. And this is one
 LEE PAGE 1 1of the objects of the program is to raise the self image of theIndian children, too.KB: You think that this has b.een improved here in Blanding over thosein B.luff and Mexican Hat?LL: Uh, yes. ·Now it has been--it has been at a higher level here inthe past. Now the indications are, and of course I wouldn't want to make any real firm statements on the basis of just one year'swork--KB.: Uh huh, well, naturally.LL: --hut the indications are that the body will approach--is superiorto the way we're teaching in Blanding with, you know, just teaching strictly in ·the English language, and hoping the Indians here will eventually learn the language well enough that they can catch up, but they just don't. And we really feel like we are going to be able to show some real favorahle results, b.oth in the academic areas and also in the self image and participation and so forth. For example, Mexican Hat with an enrollment of about ahundred students in one lump, we had about 78 parents visit the school. Now this is something that never happened in the past,and this is also part of the body or program·where we have a liasionworker in each of the schools that actually go~-that actually is a Navajo person with no educational requirements. All they have
 LEEPAGE 12to do is speak b.oth languages and have a vehicle where they cango out and contact the parents and make appointments. They actually go out and pick them up and provide transportation for them to come to school. And then they can be with them, and also the bilingual teacher can·help them in their own language, whereby they can explain to the parent what their child is doing in school, and so forth, and of course, this is kind of ridiculous that we hadn't thought about this a long time ago. We wanted the parents to visit the school, but when they got there, they didn't understand the teacher, and the teacher didn't understand them, and so if we ·evergot to them once, that was all. We never got them back a second time hecause they could just see no purpose .in it, but now it's obvious there is interest in their children, and when they can understand what's going on, they're they're anxious to visit the school, and to watch their children and to see what they're doing in school.KB.: Do you have the same type of participation here in Blanding--wi.itrh the parent participation?LL: Well, no, because this isn't part of the project--they-- KB.: Uh huh. I mean, they don't voluntarily come in--LL: Oh, no.KB: --and visit the classrooms?
 LEE PAGE 13LL: No, I would--! would guess we would be lucky if during a year'stime half a dozen parents came to the school--Navajo parents. Also, the White parents don't visit the schools very often either.KB.: That's true, too.LL: I really feel like this is going to be a real advantage to our schoolwhen we get to the point where the parents start coming in on their own, without any encouragement. And of course, like I say, we will have to be prepared to, you know, to he able to communicate with them when they get here.KB: Uh, do you have the feeling that the Navajo parents would prefer to have their children in a White public-s.chool rather than go to a boarding school, or a reservation school?LL: Very, very definitely. Now, of course, I'd better qualify that. When you say reservation school, they would prefer that their children went to a public school on the reservation.KB.: Yes.LL: B.ut, they definitely want their children to go to public school;they want them to live at home. And, of course, this is understan- ab.le, too. When they go to a boarding school they're gone from home, and some of them a long way from home, and they are very anxious to have their children live at home and go to school. If there's a public school on the reservation, then this is the
 LEEPAGE 14KB:number one choice. If not, then a public school off the reser- vation, but near enough home for the children to be bussed or at least they could be home on weekends and holidays.Do you have any concern voiced by the parents about--well, when they're going to school with so many White children that they're-- they're using--losing any of their cultural heritage, that they're assimilating too much of the White culture, ·along with the language?LL: Uh, we haven't had much of this from our parents, but we havehad some from some of the older traditional Navajo people, particularly the medicine man. They visited us one time and indicated that he was--that we was very concerned, and he frankly didn't want the children to go to school. Because a.t that time, I think he told us that there were thirty-five medicide men left on the reservation, and they were nearly all old men, and thatwhen they were dead and gone, then that wo.uld be the end oftheir culture. And someone asked, "Well, can't you write this down so it can be handed down," But.they just don't. For example,he told us that he spent eighteen years just living with his grandfather to learn the few ceremonies he knew, and there was many of them he didn't know. And it isn't something that you learn from a hook, b.ut you have to actually live it day and
 LEEPAGE 15night. And you can't do that and leave home and go to school.He is very much concerned about that and also about the factthat when these children began to leave home and go away toschool and then return, that's when they start having problems with drugs and alcohol, and the lack o~ respect for the elders, and so forth.. When the children were .home and under the direction of the parents, they didn't have these things. These things weren't problems to them until they went. off to school, and they come back, and they've taken up smoking or drinking, and they're using drugs. Then he said, "What have :we gained by letting our children leave home to go to your schools, and--?"KB.: Do you think they would have come upon smoking and drinking on the reservation if they had stayed?LL: Uh., he didn't think they would have. What would have happened, and I'm not expressing my opinio~, but this is ·.the way he felt. It wasn't a problem until this happened. As a result, why, he just reasoned this out--this is the reason for it. And it might he, and it's possible that these things would have been brought on the reservation anyway. But, I mean, we know that alcoholis very prevalent on the reservation. I'm sure it isn't ares.ult you know, of the children leaving to go to school. But-- b.ut, nevertheless, there are many cases of·these young people who
 LEE:PAGE 16have gone to school and they come back, and they have taken up these--these different things that they object to. Also, we know that there's a very high suicide rate among the young Indian males, particularly.Now why is this?KB:LL: Well--why, I'm not sure, except maybe some speculation of myselfand other people, is that these young men who leave and they go to school, they get educated and some of them have a very good education, hut they go home and they're no better off than theywere when they left. They're no jobs available for them. Oneboy told us that he had a degree from a college, but all he was doing was changing diapers. He was.very depressed with theidea that--that here he had an education, and he wanted to provide for his family, but yet he wasn't able to. And also, most ofthe industry that has been developed on the reservation up tothis point has b.een for the women--Fairchild. KB.: Fairchild.LL: For example, I mean this--this is almost entirely women employees. And--KB.: What about the mining and oil?LL: Well, uh, this is up and down. There's time that--that there'sgood jobs available in this. And then, too, they have to move
 LEE PAGE 17around a lot. The Indian people do not want to leave their home, you know. If they're mining in a certain area, near home, and that mine is mined out, then they have to leave home to continue mining--usually they don't. They stay home and do nothing.KB.: Do you think they're depressed by their periods of unemployment or--or do they take it in a carefree attitude?LL: No, I seriously think that the Indian men are very anxious to-- to be able to support their family. We hear an awful lot of talk ab.out welfare, and complaints, and so forth, but it's my experience that most of the Indian men who are on welfare don'twant to be on welfare, and if there was employment availablewhere they could he at home with their family and work, they would. But--but the only recourse they have is welfare, and of course, through this there's kind of the impression that Indian men are lazy, and they don't want to work. And--and that's not thetruth. There are some just like there are some of the whitepeople that, you know, will stay on welfare all their lives too. But many of these people are very discouraged and depressedhecause they aren't able to get a job and s·upport their family. And, too, when you--I mean, the Indian culture, the men have always been warriors and hunters. But while there's nothing-- none of this left now. I mean, they don't go off with their
 LEEPAGE 18b.ow and arrows any more to--to hunt and defend themselves, and as a result, I would guess. that most of us would probably turn to drinking too. If--if everything that has made us a man, you might say, was gone and there's nothing we can do but sit around the house and garden, and this type of thing, or farm which is really the women:s job in their society, this is very degrading to a man. And as a result, they drink. And I don't think it's ridiculous either.KB.: Do you think they would he better off, the ones that do get a high education not to return to the reservation?LL: Uh, they--they would be better off probably in some ways, but I'm sure they wouldn't he as happy.KB: They still have those ties to the extended family, and--LL: Yes••yes, very much so, much more so than we do. And, for example,I know one gentleman, I won't mention his by name, but he's a well educated Navajo fellow. He received his education at the University of Oklahoma. He was a high school principle in Oklahoma; and then lo and behold, he was back on the reservation. And when we asked him why he left all that back ·there to return to the reservation, he said because his parents needed him. Itwas. his· obligation as their eldest son when they needed him, regardless of what sacrifice he had tomake personally, it was
 LEE PAGE 19his obligation and in his culture to return to his parents andto be with them and help them as long as need be.KB: And what type of employment did he--did he get when he returnedto the reservation?LL: He was working with the Navajo tribe, but because of politicalreasons, he lost his job with the tribe. As soon as he did, hewent to Tempe--or he went to work for the State Department, inthe OEO program. Then I don't know what happened as far as his personal circumstances are concerned, but he did get an opportunity, and he did go back to the University of Arizona to finish his doctorate degree. He now has his doctorate in educational administration, I helieve.KB.: Well, how do you advise the children that are graduating from high school here? How·do you advise them? Would you prefer that they went on to college, or got vocational training, and then try to place them here in Blanding? Or do they actually come to you for this· type of advice?LL: Uh, yes, they do, and our advice here is generally to go on to college or vocational school, which.ever their interest seems to he. But to select areas whereby they would have a reasonable chance of finding employment, at least near home.KR: And what would th.es:e areas lie?
 LEEPAGE 20In area of vocational training, we usually encourage the girls to go in health services, for one. This is one of the greatest areas--nurses, nurse's aids, or LPN's, or registered nurses. There's a lot of opportunities here in Blanding, at MonumentValley, and down at Montezuma Creek, and so forth. Also, there are quite a few opportunities in the business fields--secretaries, and so forth, with the BIA school, and their own publicl-1.scho.ol:1. system. We do employ a lot of secretaries. And as far as the boys one of the---one of th.e best areas for them is auto mechanics and agriculture. Agriculture has kind of been a lost art, butyet there are a lot of opportunities i:ilong the San Juan River in agriculture and animal husb.andry, and so forth. And in the academic areas, of course, mnnb.er one is education. An Indian person who is degreed in education with a teaching certificatecan just about name their own price and their own place.KB.: Right.LL: And in the professional areas, that's about the only on I reallyrecommend strongly because there just isn't too many opportunitiesin the professions in this area besides education.KB: What about social services?LL: Well~ yes., that's a good area, too. That's right, social work isa good area.
 LEEPAGE 21KB.:LL:KB'.:What ab.out private business? Have any o-f them expressed desireto go into business for themselves?No, not in my experience, the younger people haven't. I'm sure they just don't b~ve the background to understand what the oppor- tunities are. So far I haven't had any of them express an interest in private enterprise.I've heard say that when you're listing characteristics of Navajo Indians, one of them is that they're no_t aggressive, not competitive, or ambitious. D'o you find this is true.when they're considering their positions, or b.ettering themselves in the position theyalready have?Well, yes, this. is: one of my most frustrating areas, probably. And, uh, we--the Indian people, the Navajo people have always been a very proud people, and in the past, they definitely were competitive. They were fine warriors, for example, and they knew how to fight. But in their culture, they're very reluctant to emharrass their own peers. We have found in our public school situation, at least, that this is one of the biggest problemswe have in getting them to compete and be aggressive. It's very-- very belittling to one Indian to be outdone by another Indian.And if--if a teacher, for example, asks a student a question,and they can't answer it b.ecause that would embarrass that personLL:
 LEEPAGE 22KB:if they did. And I'm sure that this, to some degree, carries over into competitive athletics, for example, too. And yet it's kind of hard to reason because, I mean, like I say, in the past, they had been very competitive and outgoing. It's really hard to understand, but it definitely is a problem. The Indian student takes a great deal more guidance and coaxing, if you want to use the word, encouragement, to get them to perform to their capabilities, and--than the non-Indian children. And, of course, I don't know, in certain areas this isn't as permanent either because when you get down into New Mexico and Arizonawhere the children that are in school now are from families whose parents were in school, these kids are very competitive.B,ecause it's b.een instilled in them by their parents, or--?LL: Well, I guess, I really don't know. I--well, I know in thearea of athletics that down there they have no trouble getting Indian kids, you know, to participate in athletics becausetheir parents did. They're just like us, I mean if we did, we're going to make darn sure out kids do.KB.: LL:Carrying on the family honor.Right, but -our parents iti this area -a~e probably the most education- ally deprived of any group of adults in the United States. Wehave very few parents of our Indian children who have--who have
 LEEPAGE 23gone beyond the third grade of school.KB.: Now is this ·including reservation ---?---?LL: Uh, yes.KB: Now how do you account for that? You'd think that down on thereservation there would he an excuse for that generation not receiving an education just because of the physical distances involved. But how would you account for the parents here in Blanding being so deprived?LL: Well, uh, there jus.t in the past has not been very much emphasis on education. For examp.le, in 1961 we have t57 Indian children in all of our puhlic schools here in the county, and there was 1,700 school age children. Many of th.em were going to boarding schools, and so forth, hut as far as local education, there justwasn't much emphasis on it. We know the Indian people have resisted the ho-arding schools for years and years and years. But when you get down around Shiprock and Gallup, and Fort Wingate, and Fort Defiance, and Window Rock, Chinle, and these places--I mean, there's been education locally for these people for a long time, whereas here there really hasn't been. It's beenavailahle, but it hasn't been utilized like it has in these otherareas.KB.: How·have these people responded to your adult education programs?
 LEE PAGE 24Are they--I know from talking to many of them, they're anxious and they--they see the value of education for their own children, and it seems to b.e a real concern with them. But what ab.out themselves? Are they willing to go to adult education classes?LL: Uh, yes--of course, here there are pros and cons. There are some that are kind of negative, but there's many of them that are very-- are very anxious to. Of course, they still don't really understand the purpose, and I think that this is a place that I personally feel that we, perhaps, have made some mistakes in our adult program. When we first started adult education here with the Indian people, it was strictly with the idea of trying to enhance their own personal lives, not from the standpoint of eventual employment because we knew that we were not going to take verymany of the older parents and really get them to the point where they could become employaole, particularly since there are not jobs availahle anyway. But as far as· getting them, you know,to where they might leave the area to get employment, and so forth, we knew· this wasn't going to happen. Most of these peopleare actually helow zero level, as far as education is concerned, because they don't even understand English. And it's going to take several y·ears to get them to the -point where they can understand English-, where they can score on the first grade
 LEEPAGE 25level, really. And there's jus.t not enough years left toget some of these older adults to the point where they can understand English, where they can score on the first grade level,.really. And there's just t'W't ~eno\tg.h years left to get some of these older adults to the point where they could understand language well enough so that they could compete with the Anglo people for employment, and so forth. And so our idea was to try to teach them enough reading, writing, and arithmatic so that they could understand a little hit when they listened to the radio,or something of what was going on so that they might be ableto understand a newspaper to some degree and, really, so that theywould have a little more pleasant life anyway. And then the program kind of shifted to where the emphasis is geared towards the eventual outcome being employable. And I think this is frustrating because, I mean, these people are not dumb. They may not understand English, and they can't speak English, but they'revery, very intelligent people. They know they're not ever goingto get a job like you and I have, for example. And I think that this is frustrating for them b.ecause they can give them the feeling in these classes that they can get to the point to where they can get good jobs, and so forth. And yet they know that theynever w.ill, and so why--s:o why worry about it? But with some of
 LEEPAGE 26of the younger adults, and I think that this is different, I think that this is where the real payoff is going to come, iswith the younger adults. Our main effort, I feel, with the older adults is to try to develop an appreciation of education whereby they will insist their children become better educated than they are. I feel that some of our programs are going to fail because we have built failure into them when we wrote up the guidelines, you know, . that they had to b.ecome employable after a certaintime. I think we're very naive if we think that's actually going to happen.How would you--KB-:LL: I didn't mean to philosophize so much.KB.: No, that's fine. How would you compare the school program herein San Juan County with those sponsored by the BIA, on and off the reservation? Do you think you're having more success, or do you have different problem that you encounter? Or just howwould you compare the two educational programs? LL: Well, that's kind of a loaded question.KB.: I meant it to b.e.LL: Of course, you know what my feelings would be. KB.: Well, yes.LL: To begin with, we have different problems, and I think this needs
 LEEPAGE 27to be understood. Where the BIA is dealing entirely with an Indian population and student population, we're dealing with the Indian, Anglo, Spanish., and, in some cases, Negro population.And so our problems are different than their problems. As a result, we have to make sure that we are meeting the needs of all of the students and not just thbse who have cultural and language problems, too. But I don't think there's any--any questionwhatsoever in any research that's ever done that Indian children who can succeed in a public school situation are far advancedfrom Indian children who go through the BIA system. And I think there's reasons for this, too. I don't think it's because they're failing necessarily, but the fact that--that most of the Indian children who go to public schools live in fairly close proximity to the Anglo society. And, it's just like here in Blanding compared to Mexican Hat in our own district. These kids havehad more exposure to the English language, and to the American culture, and so forth, therefore, they're better prepared to go to puhlic school then. As a result, the BIA schools get the children who come from the heart of t~e reservation where they'revery, very remote from the English language and American culture. Arid naturally, they're going to have a more disadvantaged group of students. And, I mean, not that they're less intelligent, but
 LEEPAGE 28in their background, in the things they need to know to succeedin a formal education setting, they are very much handicapped over most of the Indian children that go to public schools. And I feel, too, that this situation is increased because of the absence of certification requirements for teachers in the BIA schools. And,I think--I mean, if we agree that non-certified people can do as good a job as certified people, then that's certainly a slap inthe face to education. And we know· that BIA does not require certification, whereas we do in the public schools, and so it's just logical that we have hetter qualified teachers. Now it's possible, too, that they might have teachers who have moreempathy and understanding of the Indian child. This is a bigproblem. We have a lot of good certified teachers who have no understanding of the Indian student's problems, and thereforethey do a miserable job in the classroom where they have a large percentage of Indian students. So just the certification doesnot automatically indicate superior results, but the chances are better, I think, that they will be able to do a more competent job in the classroom than a person who is not even a trained teacher.But, I feel like I should · say too, that I definitely don't wantto criticize the BIA schools b.ecause I think they have a definite place. Because we know in our public school situation that we can
 LEEPAGE 29not meet the needs of all these kids. We are basically a college prep organization, and when you start dealing with high school students who are three and four years over age who have had very little formal education, there has to be some kind of a program. And that's what I feel the B.IA should be doing and is doing in many cases.. They have a numb.er of non-graded programs where they can take these students at any age level and they can put them into a program, and give them some type of training, even if it's just vocational training. And so, we would be in sad shape ifit wasn't for the B.IA schools.. The BIA has been very insistent that any Indian child who has access to a public school, should go to a public school. It used to be that the BIA would accept any Indian student. But now, if they live withing a certain distance of a school, of a pub.lie school, or a pub.lie schoolbus route, they're not eligib.le to go to the ·BIA school unlessthey have a release from the puhl_ic schoo-1, and this has to be b..as:ed on certain deficiencies. So they are emphasising that the students should go to public school if they possibly can. Ireally don't feel we have any real arguments or conflicts. I thinkwhat I'm trying ·to say is that while some students are betteroff in pub.lie school, there's others that are better off in the hoarding school. As a result of these things, in li.ght of research
 LEE PAGE 30and comparison, th.e puhlic s:chool looks b.etter. But they look hetter for reas:ons that are built in, and--and it's really kind of misleading.KB: Uh huh. Do you b.elieve that the parents both on the reservation and up here in Blanding and in.---cblter .urb.wn.'..sfr.eas are anxiousfor their children to assimilate the White culture completely?LL: No, not completely. I think most of them indicate that they definitely want th.eir child to be able to function in our culture without losing their culture. And I know that I heard one manone time when he was asked the question about their children being-- being pushed, or something--1 can't remember just the words thatwere used--so that they could be Americanized, he was very, very staunch in his answer that our children can live in both cultures. They don't have to choose hetw.een your-culture and their own.They can have b.oth. And this is what they--what they ought to have--they should retain that which is good in their culture, hut at the same time, they need to prepare themselves so they can exist in our culture, s,e they can compete in our culture. This issomething that has heen quite interesting. We've had some problems with--oh, kind of--I was going to say militants, they haven'tbeen militants, but kind of agitators, stressing the fact that we need--they need to overthrow the establishment and put all the
 LEE P AGE 3 1Indian education programs in the hands of the Indian. people, andlet them run them, and let them b.e the teachers, and so forth.KB: ---?--- interview them.LL: And--b.ut yet, most of the parents do not feel that way. At a publicmeeting that was held at Montezuma Creek, unanimously the parents said we do not want Indian teachers in the classroom. We want White teachers teaching our children, just like they're teaching your children. But we want aids from ·our culture there, you know, so that they have contace with their culture. But they said, "We don't even want certified Indian teachers." And they were very,very strong that they didn't want to take the chance of ·their kids nbt ·.5-eing as well prepared as our kids ·are, by being taught by Indians. And down at Mexican Hat everybody said, "We will teachthe children--or to educate the children in English and the academic areas. But we don't want these to be sacrificed by teaching somuch. of the culture that you're not teaching them the other things. And--and we as parents," they said, "we will teach them what we want them to know about the culture." And, of course, at thattime we were trying to incorporate history _and culture, and so fort~, and the history was fine, but t6ey were a little reluctant to have us teach_the culture. Even our Navajo people that wehad employed, they felt that by doing that, it was taking time
 LEEP AGE 3 1away from the academic areas which their children needed. So, these people a.maze me with their intelligence. And they're not buffaloed by anyhody, either us, or some of _their own peoplethat have heen agitating. Th.ey might, you know, when they're talking to you they might agree to keep from arguing, or something,hut these people are extremely intelligent, and they know whatthey want for th.eir children. I just haven't been ab.le to questionvery often their judgment. I just--I ju.st·have an awful lot of respect for th.em._ Even though I don't understand them in their own language, they{re very intelligent people.KB.: I have just a few more questions. One was, talking about the classroom situation--and I've been involved with Sherman Institute BDarding School near Riverside. It's near where I live. I havedone quite a hit of oliservation out there and talked to the teachers, and it seems that's there's a ·great turnover in teachers, in theboarding schools, at least, b.ecaus.e they do run into this problem, this terrib..le frustration of getting any response from any--from their Indian students. They--they have the feeling that they'rebeing apathetic or lethargic, and it's frustrating to a teacher who wants intellectual stimulation and see results in the class- room. And as result, they· have many teachers leave after just a year or two. Uh, do you have the same sort of problem here?
 LEE PAGE 32LL: Uh, prob.ab.ly not as much so.KB.: Do you have teachers who refuse to teach Indian children, or whoprefer not to have Indian children in their classroom?LL: Uh, we have none who have refused. And as far as administration,we haven't had any who have told us they preferred not to. But through actions and so forth, we have identified some who we assume--regardless of their feeling, the children would be better off not in their classroom. And if they do remain in the district, then we try to schedule the students so they do not have to take clas-ses from teachers who have demonstrated this type of attitude. But I'm sure that we have our share of teachers who are just not able to cope with some of the problems that they have when they'reworking with a culture other than their own. And I think, too, that this is understandable, and I don't criticize a teacher for that. Some of the teachers who have been this way have been excellent teachers. But most people who graduate with a degree in education, the majority of them come for the--at least theupper middle class who pursue a degree in education. And through their own childhood experiences, through their college experiences, they have always been associated with the upper middle classs.tudents with friends, and so forth. Most of them come from areas where you have no contact or association with Indian children.
 LEEPAGE 33They might have been with Spanish or Negro, and so forth, but there are very few of them that have had a background with the Indian people. They get pretty much filled with---?--- classes in college, and they have some pretty high standards and ideals, and naturally, you know, naturally they want to succeed. Their interest is in the student that's an "A" student all of the time, and the business student that can take first place in the regionalbusiness meet, or the speech student that has the lead in the play--these are the types of kids that most teachers are really drawn to. Very few teachers really get a real enjoyment out of working with the student that never finishes a thesis, or never knows how to write a theme, and can't -spell, and can't follow directions, and so forth. And as a result, it's frustrating for them. Some of them you know, have developed a desire to work withdisadvantaged kids and this is fine. Eventually, they'll learn, you know how to--how to cope with their problems, and how to give them the kind of help they need. But these--these teachers are the exception, and this is one thing that makes it very difficult for us, is. that most of our teachers come from areas where they havenot had a background with the Indian child, and it takes a lot of s.erious work to get the teachers to where they have enough understanding, you know·, where they can cope with the problems.
 LEEPAGE 34And of course, I guess I'd b-etter not get into it, but thereare so many problems--·cultural prob.lems. For example, in our culture, we almost demand that when we talk to a child, whether it's our child or a student, that they look at us when we talkto them. And I imagine we say a hundred times if we say it once, "You look at me when I'm talking to you," and this to the Indian child is a sign of disrespect. If you're talking to an Indian child, and they respect you, they'll lower their eyes. And when they do that, then we get after them. And they wonder, "Well,what do you want? Do you want me to respect you or not?" ··Andthe child is frustrated, and the teacher is frustrated, and there are so many little things like this--language matters, and so forth.And we're so prone to want children to thank us, you know, when you so something for them. Well, they don.'t do that either. And, or course, what they're saying is that they feel it in their heart, and their heart doesn't speak so they don't express it verbally.Whereas we, heavens, we say thank you a hundred times a day,and after a while, it doesn't mean anything. So anyway, these are some of the problems that our teachers have to--I mean they havea real education, too. And naturally, this matter of turnover is a real prohlem, and of course, we had this before we had ourIndian students in large numhers anyway. The fact that we are a
 LEE PAGE 35rural district and that we're fairly isolated from the citiesand the universities--there's not too many teachers who grew upin a metropolitan area and went to college in the city that really wants. to go out and go to a reservation area and work.KB.: And yet isn't San Juan County one of the wealthiest counties in Utah now?LL: Well, it used to be.KB: But not any more?LL: Well, of course, we're not hurting yet, but our evaluation hasgone from a hundred and thirty-two million to about forty-five million. So we have decreased a great deal, but even at that, like I said, that's still a real .good tax base for an area withthe population we have.KB: So you can offer competitive salary schedules?LL: Our salary schedules have always been the highest in the state,at least since I've been here. I noti~ed in the paper just this weekend a comparison of the districts and their settlement for salary negotiation. Ours was the highest percentage increase in the state• .Most of them have been, oh, two to three percent, and ours was 5.6, or something, you know.KB: That's more than I got.LL: So our salary here is very competitive, particularly for beginning
 LEEPAGE 36teachers.KB: What is that plane?LL: Sixty-five hundred for beginning teacher with a bachelor'sdegree.KB: Uh, something else I wanted to move on to was this fund youmentioned from the Tribal .council for sending children to college or vocational school. Do you have any difficulty at all in getting funds from the Tribal Council you know, for scholarship funds?LL: We have had in the past a great deal of difficulty because we have had some state funds, and they had always maintained that, well, you have your own money for any student from Utah we won't givea scholarhip too. But this year, I think, we were successful in getting fifteen scholarships. And in the past, we had maybe two or three total. Of course, one of the reasons for this, too, is that the Navajo trihe and the BIA has kind ·.of ··merged ··their scholarship programs, and also we have been able to get matching~ ~ ~ _m_o_n~ey from almost all of the schools. In the past we had to ask the tribe for a fourteen hundred dollar scholarship, now we can ask them fo.r about an eigh.t hundred dollar scholarship and do the same thing. They have been very cooperative this year, andvery, very, generous. Now they have established some requirements based on the ACT scores, and this has been one of the things we
 LEEPAGE 37have maintained: if our students qualify according to that, then they're entitled to it, and we have even taken this to some of our concilmen from Utah. And as a result, I don't know just whatbrought it about, whether it was pressure or conscience, or just what. But anyway, we felt like we got more than our fair share this year.KB.: You don't feel then that you are sending any student out of high school into college that's not fully qualified. Coming from California, I hear, of course that you're not having all the profilems on the campuses, and it's getting harder and harder formiddle class families to get their child!en .into college. They complain that too many minority students are getting--are being given preference over their own children, who are not. Theseminority children are not fully qualified, but because of sent- iment and political pressure, they are ushered in ahead of their own children. Do you feel this is a valid complaint?LL: Yes.KB.: You do?LL: Yes, I think it is. I think almost every school in Utah, probablyevery college that has fairly high academic admissions standards have relaxed their standards for the Indian students. But I think too, here, there's an argument for this, in that students from a
 LEE PAGE 38a minority cultural background have some very definite handicaps when it comes to taking standardized tests, f or example . The scores that these students get from the SAT, or the ACT, are nottrue indications of their ability because of the fact that thesetests are .all language oriented, and this is the greatest weaknessthat these kids have. Some of ·these kids, well I have one boy in college now. He'll be a junior this fall, that was not able toget a tribal scholarship because his ACT score was below ten. That's really fairly low. I think his was seven or something which indicates, according to standards, he would not succeed in college. And yethe's a good C average student in college. And I have another boy that is not on a tribal scholarship at BYU that has better thana 3.5 average. He's a senior this coming year, and yet, by many standards, these kids would not-have been admitted to college.And---?---KB.: Do you think that by the time they've gone to college, they'veovercome this language problem, this language handicap? LL: Oh--KB.: So that they can succeed in the classroom in college?LL:- Not entirely, but some of the colleges have some special programsfor these students. KB".: The HEW?
 LEE PAGE 39LL: Uh, BYU has a special Indian program, whereby the students take the same classes with the same course content, but they take it from different teachers in smaller groups, and so forth. They also receive a lot of tutoring help, and as a result, they are able to achieve. Many of the universities have establishedminority studies programs, where some of these students wouldriot have been able to maintain the academic record in the normal, typical college class of freshman English, you know, with three hundred students in it. They can take the same class in a special situation, where most of the class is Indian students with thesame types of problems that they have, and with a teacher who knows them by name instead of by number. These kids are able to compete. As. far as overcoming their language handicap, I'm sure they haven't, and they prob.ably never will really. I mean, they'll always havea handicap in language. But nevertheless, they are able to functionvery effectively, and they can compete for employment and for positions, but generally, they have to have some special help along the way. And we had one boy going to BYU, he was a very good high school student, and he felt like he didn't need this extra help, and so he registered in the regular program, and healmost failed. In fact, he got two D's, and we wound up having to get him back in this other program. He was quite proud, and
 LEEPAGE 40it was hard for him to take, but it was either that or flunkout. That's all there was to it, and he was one of our better students. He could have taken the same classes with the same course content and everything, but by going slower and with extra help, and so forth. He could have made better grades with the same classes with this extra help. Uh, one last question. There are Utes in your school. Are they involved in this teacher--not teacher aid, but bilingual approach in the primary grades?LL: Uh, no, because we don't have any in the schools where we have the project. I think there are two Ute students _that go to Bluff, and those students were involved in the bilingual class there, but most of our Ute students come here to Blanding. This is not one of the project schools, so they haven't been involved. Next year we will have an aid under Title I that will work with the kindergarten and pre-first Indian classes here in Blanding, and this aid is a Navajo. She'd married to a Ute. And so this will help, I think.KB.: Does. she s.peak the Ute language?LL: I'm not real sure---?--- whether she does or not. I think sheprob.ahly does, but not fluently. The only problem is, this might louse up our evaluation of the bilingual project. But still, we do feel that it's a valuable thing to do, so we are going to have this· situation. Although she won't be teaching bilingually like
 LEEPAGE 41KB: LL:we do in our bilingual classrooms, she won't actually be instructing in the language, but she will merely serve as an aid to more orless interpret, and so forth, where it's needed.Are there any problems among the Utes and Navajo students?There's more social problems between the Utes and the Navajos than between the Utes and the Whites, or the Navajos and the Whites. There is more jealously and friction between· the two Indian groups than there are between either one of those groups and the non- Indian students.KB: Will they compete against each other in a classroom situation? LL: Uh., well, not that I know of. It hasn't been ---?---KB: I mean, where a Navajo won't want to compete against a Navajo,will he compete against a Ute answering?LL: I would offhand say no. I think the Ute student, you know, wouldb.e more apt to, y.ou know, to try to compete with the Navajo student. But, of course, the Ute students don't have the reservations to begin with that the Navajo students do, and the Ute students arevery much more aggressive and outgoing to -begin with. They havebeen as reluctant to compete in the first place.KB: Do you fine that they are generally better students then? LL: No.KB: No?LL: No, they're generally poorer students.
 LEE PAGE 42KB.: To what do you attribute this, ·then, if t hey don't have t he same res.ervations that the Navajo students do?LL: Well, their characteristic of being outgoing is generally rather destructive.KB.: LL:Oh., it is?Yes, the Ute students, :. generally, are more b.oisterous, they're more disruptive in the classroom when it comes to participation in classroom discussions and so forth. They're not as outgoing. I don't say this in a detrimental way either because there's some advantages to this. At least it isn't as difficult to get them to, you know, to he as competitive, and so forth. The problem is how to harness this energy and agressiveness so it can be usedto the student's advantage. But there's more fighting that goes on with the Ute s.tudents with the Navajo students, and the Navajo student, I think, feels quite--oh, I think, quite depressed by theUte student--excuse me for a moment.(.End of Tape)