 CHESTER A . WRIGHTLos Angeles(?), CaliforniaAn Interview By Patricia RayUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-174July 11, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 11. 1970Tape #1:Early Uranium Mining Work . . 1 Vanadium and Carnotite Mining. 6 Organization of Independent M iners. . 10Opening the Navajo Reservation. . .Babel Detectors .................... 17 Charlie Steen and Howard Balsely ........... 21 Grubstaking. . .................. 25 Changes in Mining Over the Years ..... .Ore Percentages ............. .Names of Important People in the Industry.Hardships in the Early Days ....... .28 ¥ ¥ ¥ 32 ¥ 37 ¥ ¥ 4014
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH CHESTER A. WRIGHT, CONDUCTED BY P A T R I C I A RA Y ON JUL Y 1 1 , 1 9 7 0 [SOMEWHERE I N CALIFORNIA FOR THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1] .Mr. Wright, where were you born?In Buena V ista, Colorado.And how did you first get involved in the uranium industry?Well, I--we're from mining people. My father was a mining engineer in Colorado and I guess this is in my blood.Yes. What type of mining did your father do?Gold mining.Coal?Gold.Gold.Yeah, he was in Alaska and old Mexico, but at the time I - was born right in Buena Vista we were mining in Cripple Creek, Colorado, and that's just a littleways from Buena V ista.never was. In fact, I was schooled in Denver. We moved to Denver, the family did you know, my father and mother were separated and he went into old Mexico, and Arizona and down through there, and my mother, she lived in Denver and she was quite aPR: CW: PR:CW:PR: CW: PR: CW: PR: CW:PR:CW: No, no. I never was in the gold mine business. IYou went out and helped him mine the---?---?
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1politician. She was the committee woman of the Republican party of a certain precinct there in Denver for a long time and then she was society editor there at the Rocky Mountain News at that time-PR: CW: PR: CW: PR:CW:-and the Denver Post, she took the paper over. But she was always active in mining. In fact, when she died she had mining promotions going on in Arizona. She lived in Arizona. So kind of a family--Family occupation.Yeah, mining.Yes. Were you in the actual prospecting of uranium? Yes.You were? And also I believe you were in the packing outfit?Well, in transportation, both packing and hauling with teams, establishing camps, and moving equipment toward the diamond drill, it was a portable outfit that was headed by Bruce Clayball, a mining engineer. We did quite a bit of diamond drilling up there which I took action in, keeping them [supplied] with water which had to be packed in on burros. We had regular equipment, water for that packing, these ten gallon containers, one on each side of the pack saddle whichwe carried 20 gallons of water [with on] the bur~o. We had to have the burro, or I mean the water for the2
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1 diamond drilling.PR: How many burros did it usually take for each trip?CW: Well, on the water haul, about half a dozen. But on the packing, after they built a trail off of the Polar Mesa which cut off around 50 miles, the oreshad to be packed off of Polar Mesa onto North Beaver. Then from North Beaver we'd haul it what we call "spiked." We spiked all four horses [with all they) could pull, which would be about 1200 pounds up to a place called Fisher Point. From there it was pretty much down hill to Capitalton which was the post office, and then from there we could take--well, we never took more than about 3,000 on four horses even to Cisco, but on the pack trains we used to put about three packs and they would average about 240 pounds to the mule. They had both mules and burros and then they had horses you know, with saddles to ride. I think if I remember there were eight mules and eight burros. There were two pack trains, and I didn't own them but I went up there and did some packing for them. Their packer was--something went wrong; he went out and didn't get back and so I took over until he returned. Those boys, you know, often times they'd stay up there for two or three months. Then when they got out they'd take their time getting back. So I3
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1went up to the kind of fill the engine until they returned, and the ore was packed down to what'scalled the Trio Camp about eight miles. Then from there there was a road in, down the Dolores Riverthe Colorado River on a ferry and then took it into Cisco, where the company built a warehouse to put their ores in until they could accumulate a carload or two carloads. Then it was resorted and shipped east and I just don't, can't remember just [whatJ the company [was] but it wassort of an Eastern firm that was backing the outfit. Mr. Shaw from Grand Junction was the first one in there to locate on Polar Mesa and that area, to locate the claims. Then the company was formed in the East and that was during the '20s. It may have been just close right to the in the late 1900s. But they seem to have [had] the only market at that time. There wasn't any market for high grading--well, there was too. The Shaddock Chemical of Denver was buying high grade uranium at that time but just in small odds. The prospector didn't get out and sometimes get maybe a thousand pounds or a little bit more. We took a couple of loads in on a pickup and I know it gave us a nice little grubstake. They were a good companyto do business with, and-- 4which would cross
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1PR: What did they use the ore for, do you know?CW: Well, at that time it was--I don't--Madame Curie wasdoing her experimenting at that time, but they were making colored glass and stuff like that that was shipped to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. But she was doing her experimenting at that time. It was just about that time that she come out to this country and she was over in that Paradox, over in around one of the first mines that was in the Rock Creek area which produced thousands of tons of ore. They had a big pack train out of that, which they had to pack it to Placerville. Then it was--they had a narrow gauge train there in Placerville that took it over into Montrose and then loaded it onto the broad gauge. But mostly it had to be packed from Rock Creek to Placerville, and of course they had big pack trains over there.over operating--in fact, they just financed--the Polar Mesa was about the first uranium discovered around in my area over on the north end of the La Sal Mountains, and that, I did a little prospecting up there around Polar Mesa. Just about the time I was ready to go, the market dropped out, so I should haveDid you work over there?PR:CW: No, I didn't. I wasn't over in that country. I was5
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1got back there and done the assessment work because I had some wonderful property there which was located-- well, the company came back and did a lot of work and a lot of relocating there that [they] hadn't before.PR: What company was that? The Eastmond Company?CW: Well, at that time I believe they called the Keystone, Keystone Uranium, and they were somebrothers from the East that were financing, if I remember right, a name like Hoskison, Harperson? But it's been so long that--I did know at that time. But they had quite an operation there. Oh, it lasted for three or four years. It was about the roughest part of the United States. In the wintertime the roads were all snowed in and mudded in, you know. So the only transportation they had of getting supplies was by pack houses. All of that stuff was packed in there. I remember packing a stove in there one timeand we got a couple of green quaking aspen, you know, and put them on the side of the burro. Then we put the stove on that, you know, and oh, to do it the burro--no, I had a little horse that I worked as what we called a leader on a four-horse outfit. She was just pulling [with] all her might. She just understood. She'd pull that thing for going up thetrail for maybe 50, 60 feet, and then we'd have to6
 CHESTER A. WRIGHT #1stop and [she'd] get her wind. The trail on the Mesa probably was about two miles and i t t ook us the biggest part of the day to get that stove up to the camp.PR: Yes. When did you first start prospecting?CW: Wel1, I first started around 1910. Just sort of a side industry you know, but there were some ores, there was an establishment in Denver that was using this ore to put in water and drink this water you know for medicine purposes and things like that. This ore that I was shipping was called carnonite. It was ore that was in sort of apple green crystals and itwas solid. It wasn't soft like carnonite. The crystals went very high but all the value in carnonite is in the crystals. They never were able to get a high enough grade to commercialize it, but it made an awful pretty ore. It fluoresces beautiful. That was in around 1912 and I was shipping--I had an old buckboard and we'd get my grandfather and I to drive near a ranch he had, this Richardson. We'd get out and we'd gather up about five or six, sometimeseight sacks. We'd have about sixty pounds to a sack. Well, I was supposed to hold it to sixty pounds, and they give me five dollars a sack delivered at Cisco to the express station. Then I would ship it COD to7
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1Denver, but somehow or another I think the government got after them about that; [they] had to quit or go out of business.PR: Did you find carnonite was on top of the ground or did you have to mine into the---?---?CW: Well, most of the ore then was in the carnonite structures, was at that time in sight, right off the- -on the ground and in the rims. We didn't have to do- -in fact, a lot of places we used very little powder, that is until we got into the solids, you know, where we could, and then there were different ways. It was on each flat. It seemed to be in channels, trees, and we'd got out a channel and probably we'd get out--oh, some of those channels produced way up into the tons and some of them would only produce just a little you know. Then in the rims sometimes you could get just a few feet and sometimes you had to get on to theMorrison strata and sometimes it would develop you know, in a blanket vein. It would develop a good many tons. In that area most of the ore produced both uranium and vanadium.PR: Did you have a market for both at that time?CW: We did after Howard Balsely had started up in 1934. But first, you know, they were just paying us for thevanadium and they were--stopped putting the uranium 8
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1in the dumps. That's what we couldn't understand, us miners, but they paid us enough for the vanadium at that time, you know. [They] made it go high enough so it encouraged us, and at that time really they didn't have any real market for uranium. Madame Curie at that time was doing her experimenting you know and they did, could use it in coloring glass and things like that. That's about the only market they had. Infact the big companies were not letting any of their tailings get loose. They were taking care of all their tailings and everything because they knew that something was going to develop out of that uranium. Of course, they had millions of dollars in those dumps and in the tailings. But that was all taken care of after they found out what uranium really was.PR: Who did you sell the vanadium to at that time?CW: Well, the Vanadium Corporation of America; they specialized in vanadium at that time, and Union Carbide. They were paying us for the vanadium. In fact, if I remember right, when they started paying us for uranium they also paid us a small amount,around about 31 cents, I think, for our vanadium. Now that was during the period up to you might say, the [time the] small miners were producing the biggest part of the commercial ores. (In the] 19-- along in9
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1there, the late '30s, the USV gave us a commercial, gave us for commercial work Uravan. I don't rememberif they paid us then just for vanadium or both, but later the--but anyway, they managed to, they backed the miners that really furnished them equipment and grubstaked them and things like that and it made us-- [we) never had a chance to make any money before that. It made us--at that time, we were pretty well satisfied with what we were getting--a living out of it anyway. [TheyJ set us up with the equipment so later you know, when we could get out, we did, we moved, I and my four boys. I got four boys interested in it, and we operated as Wright and Sons. During one time we were one of the largest independent producers. That was in the field. Then I became quite active then. That's about the time we were delivering the ore. We were having quite a time. Well, it was after the--it was about the time the Metals Reserve was set up. Well, the Metals Reserve of course, they were more after the vanadium for the government. That was a government set-up. Well, we did well because we had all kinds of that kind of ore you know. We were just getting paid I think for the uranium before that. We had a lot of that ore in the dumps which we could get rid of and get paid for our uranium and10
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1vanadium both. Finally it seems to me that just about right after the Metals Reserve set up, then they set up the Atomic Commission. That's when, during the war which is about--I think the war was in operationthen. Of course they, then they put restrictions on our mining. In fact we pert near had to be 10O percent or we couldn't get permits. We had to take care of the powders we used, and of course, there was only one market and that was the government. Of course all of us were watching that the other outsiders didn't get in. That is, the ones that--in fact, I don't know of any crookedness going on amongst them trying to sell the ore to anyone else but our own government. It was a pretty loyal bunch of--the miners in those days were pretty loyal to the government.PR: You started an organization that helped form a organization of these miners.CW: Yes. Well, at the time after the Metals Reserve set up we were having pretty hard sledding. The standards of the--and the apathy had [gone] to a low and the ones that were making a living out of it, it was too low grade to even--they wouldn't accept a lot of ityou know. So I used to talk to quite a few of the-- well, they were some of the officials, especially one11
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1or two that said, that told me, "Well, what you need is to get organized. Get your boys, your miners organized." He said, "Then we can help you, and bring us the facts. That's what we need are the facts." Infact, Senator Johnson that had become governor after that, he's the one that told me that at a meeting that I was to with him. The governor (I believe his name was Mout) and Mr. Sitton at Dove Creek, and so they appointed me to try to get a bunch together. So I went over to Naturita and I talked with several of the miners and all of them were in for getting united, so I was lucky to get a meeting, have a meeting, which was represented by Governor McNichols,(he was senator then) and we got A. T. McDonald, he was an engineer and young Ed Hal Dane. He was the son of the--well, he was one of the big officials of the USV. And there was the president of the School of Mines in Golden before he came over there. So we had some wonderful representatives at the meeting and we got organized. I went up to the Junction and of course I never had organized anything. I didn't know what to go through. So we hired an attorney to go offto [get) papers for organizing. We [were) called, let's see, the Independent Uranium Producers. Yeah, the Independent Uranium Producers. We held another12
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1meeting to which Mr. McNichols was present, but we held several meetings in different places you know, and we would keep a tape of them in members and we had a pretty strong organization. Well, then weelected our officers and were able then to be represented or have the AEC at all of our meetings which made---?--- and Mike Magraffe, and well, the main ones were all at the meetings and they listened to us and we worked out, they could see the government end of the uranium, the worst kind. They could see that they were going to have to give the miner some encouragement or they wouldn't be able to mine. So they established through the AEC, they give us an allotment on trucking of 8 cents a ton/mile up to a hundred miles. Then they also paid us a bonus on the ores that went over a certain percent, which just made us a wonderful deal. Just anybody, or any of the miners you know could take some property, and as long as they were in ore they could come out. Well, we never could have operated without that help. They give us that help way up till after the war had stopped when they took the bonus off, but they still give the rate for hauling into the mills. Now I operated a mine in--it's been about three years ago--in Austin, Nevada, and we shipped the ore to Moab. 13
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1By holding it up 21 hundredths they give me an allowance of trucking and an allowance on the freight over into Moab which if I hadn't have got that allowance it wouldn't even had paid me to ship the ore. It just did make it and there's still lots of ore there but it's low grade that--and I don't know whether they still, I don't believe that mine has operated since I think I shipped the last ore from there, and that's been about three years ago. There's a lot of or_e in that area but it's going to-- they have what they call sort of a concentrator, little mills you know where they can make a concentrate in the low grade, but I don't know whether they've ever started that up or not. They were talking of it when I pulled out. Now I was in that deal also when they opened up the reservation, and that was during the '30s and--PR: Excuse me, which reservation now was this?CW: The Navajo, the Navajos' reservation, and their headquarters was Window Rock, Arizona. But most of their business was done in Gallup, New Mexico. I went down there with this Bruce Clayball, and Charlie Bell, he was head of the School of Mines at that timein Golden, Colorado. I don't know whether he was just retired or was still active, but he went with us down14
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1there so we could get a permit. I was going to do some prospecting. Well at that time we were in war, you know, and so the agent by the name of Pry or Pryor had just seemed like we couldn't get in with him. He wanted everything to go especially the VCA, which he claimed that the--which turned out to be one of the big producers of high grade uranium. Monument Valley--and so we had meetings, we had a meeting down there. Charlie Bell and Bruce Clayball and I were at the meeting at the Indian council at Window Rock and the Indians voted to let the small miners in there because we agreed to hire all Indian labor because there was--and [teach] them the mining of it so they could handle their own deals you know. But we were told that on account of being in war they wanted to give some of the boys a permit to prospect in there, but the good stuff why was all turned over to the big companies; especially the VCA. In the meantime the little man was told that the government didn't want to take any chances on any new [discoveriesJ, that the big outfits were all set up and could handle it, but it was just a very few of us that got in on that reservation deal.PR: Did your organization try to help the small miners in this situation?15
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1CW: Oh, yes. Yes, they did and they were, and through theAtomic Commission, some of them were given some pretty good leases, some of the independents, some good leases. They made money out of it, and made money for the government, but it seems that the reservation--now, I was to most of their meetings you know and the Indians want us to do the mining in there. Then they would appeal their case to the Interior Department and the Interior Department would see that the big companies got in there. But I always found that the field man at heart was with the miners, most of the field men. It seemed that those that were against (us], were buckling us were the politicians that didn't know a thing about uranium.PR: Were the field men former miners?CW: Yes, most of them. This went way back, the field menwere practical miners.PR: Had you had any educational experience with mining? CW: Yes, through working with top field men and payingattention and then referring. Then it just seemed to be natural for me to [do it], being in my blood I guess. I worked as field man for Jack Timploth and he was representing the Vitco people. I was two years with them and then I was--I had done a lot of field consulting work for the companies like the Arizona16
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1Giant and the Ucola people. In fact, I prospected the Hualapai Reservation for the Ucola people. We workedout of Flagstaff and what we were trying to do was to find enough ore to put up an independent mill in Flagstaff that the big companies didn't have control of. I was sent down, most of the uranium down on the reservation though was in what they call blowout chimneys and there was lots of copper. Lots of them had commercial copper in them and other elements. Of course I was interested at that time in uranium and wasn't in---?---. But I used the geiger counter and the scintillator and we could get some mighty good readings off of those chimneys. Down around Prescott, Arizona, I did quite a bit of work up on the old highway. A place called Broom Creek. There was quite a big basin in there and there were deposits of what they called Pearlyte chimneys. Whenever you could put the geiger (counter] on there it would just peg it you know, but [we] came to find out that the radon gas [was] coming up through those fractures, up through these chimneys you know. Of course some places in this country there are big beds of very rich uranium, but no telling because it's a faulted country and probably that radon gas could be working through those practically for miles you know. But up17
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1until to about a year ago they haven't found anything that was--but someday of course they'll do some drilling and they're going to find something in that country.PR: You knew personally Mr. Babel, Gordon Babel?CW: Oh yes.PR: Was he here when you were working?CW: Well, Gordon was, I don't think that he probably wentto--he might of gone to the first year of high school. He was a mechanic for the Moab Garage at Monticello, Utah, and he was always quite interested in uranium ores. In fact, he and I leased a claim together and he also set up a little lab and used to do a little assaying for the miners, you know, who controlled, to control against their assays. We never could get the time where--they changed their process so often you know that he never could get, he'd either get too low or too high. Anyway, at that time he had a lot of radios and gathering up and everything like that. Oh, he had all kinds of stuff in there. He had done a lot of reading and studying and so he started working on something that would detect uranium. I remember he had a little outfit that he rigged up into a little box. It looked to me like one small radio. He had it fixed up and he had18
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1dials on it so he, i n the what chacallit you could take a piece of uranium and my goodness it would create static. He had earphones you know, and it would just create a static; so that gave him a l ittlefoundation to work on, you know. He just kept working. So one time he went out with me to a place where I was doing a little mining and we'd just taken out some trees right off of the surface and he--now of course I knew his objective of what that uranium would do. Well, we'd get it down there and it'd worka little bit and then it'd quit--work and quit. Oh he'd get mad. So we just about quit. It's beyond him he'd say. And so I said,"Listen Gordon, Edison [took] a long time," I said, and "You're gaining all the time, Gordon. Everytime I come out with you, everytime I go in there you've got something added to that." I said, "It's going to come to you." And I said, "Stay with it." So he did and finally he perfected the little counter that you could take a probe and you earphones and you could put the probe onto a deposit and it would create static. Then later he got one that developed it so that it created a static and then later he got one and developed it sothat it created such a static that you could hear it without the earphones. You could just, in fact I had19
 CHESTER A. WRIGHT #1one of his old counters, but I don't have any batteries for it. I'm going to get it fixed up. In fact, you could take a piece of high grade ore and start way over here. My goodness, that thing wasjust, why you could hear it al1 over the room. In fact up to one of our payers of Salt Lake he just perfected this counter; so I was up there demonstrating it you know. We had the different things there like the probe that we put down in the ground that detected the ore after drilling. We had, that thing would go 500 feet and we'd detect the grade and the amount of footage that was to that. It worked off one of these Babel counters. Since then, of course, they've developed other things. I'm pretty sure that--now I don't know, I never did try--! did a little flying down into what's called the Robber's Roost country. I found the rims there that go into the Colorado and the Green River in Utah and part of Arizona and I never did remember whether that one we flew in, I think that was [the one] they took Gordon's ideas on and then made that so we could get a--they'd fly the country first you know and make an aerial map and then we'd look there early in the morning and then fly the rims and then it would--! imagine it would get that radon gas you know and then20
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1we'd pinpoint places we got it. Of course it gave us an idea about the area to go down there and prospect, which helped us on finding it. Especially down intothat country over on the reservation in those canyons, those deep canyons like Ellen Canyon and Happy Canyon and--well, it's in the old country south of Green River that they called Robber's Roost.PR: Did you do this as a field surveyor or was this in private practice you would fly in search for uranium? CW: No, it was connected up with the Viteo people, ---?--- he owned a big fertilizer plant in Pocatello, Idaho, and he's the one that purchased that mill, built this new mill in Salt Lake you know, but they never did start it up. He purchased it and got the Viteo people to move in there and set up a uranium [mill], processing uranium ores and things like that.PR: When the association was very strong of independent miners, did they ever build and construct and work an independent mine?CW: Well, we started to organize in Moab and we, through a lot of the businessmen in and around Grand Junction and Moab and those little towns, and so we--but some college or other during the war you know, and thegovernment or these companies--in fact the government built the mill, and if I remember they turned it over21
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1to the VCA to run. That was the mill we were supposed to [run], and later of course, that's when Charlie Steen and Pick and those fellows had made those big discoveries over in what we call the Dirty Devil country. That's over south of Green River. Of courseLisbon is where Steen made his strike. Back to Mr. Steen, I can remember we were operating in Squaw Park and he was from the country, form a little trailer house up form Texas. He located at Cisco, Utah, and he used to come out and pick up rocks and polish them and he used to come and he'd come to our camp a couple times and we always had a coffee pot on, you know, and that's before he (telephone interrupts)-- Well, Mr. Steen, he had located quite a few claims down around ours that were open, and he got acquainted with a little fellow that ran a garage in Cisco, Utah, and he got him interested to go out in that Lisbon Valley with him. I don't think probably this little fellow--I can't recall his name--I don't know him well, but he had a jeep and had ways of getting around, and I don't think at that time Mr. Steen, what he needed was transportation. Anyway, he and this little fellow went over there and they had got some of this ore down into the lower, down into what's called the Shinarump and Chinle structure.22
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1That's the lower and the one he was used to mining you know. He brought it out and it was more of the pitchblende and it was more protective and it [was]laid in large channels and a sort of lake bed you know, big deposits where the carnotite laid more in just the small deposits, but of course they were like the mine over in Paradox, this was more of a fissure, perpendicular you know, and it was of what I would call a slip and that whole deposit had slipped so it fell right into that place and it turned out to be a big producer over in Rock Creek. There were several of those mines in the carnonite. Monument Valley, there were several of those kind that turned out to be big deposits in the carnonite. Howard Balsely had some claims up south of Moab that were big producers. In fact, they were some of the claims that produced ore for Madame Curie to experiment with. We ran one of them mines, one of my boys did later, and when they became, after the mill was started up they produced a lot of ore there and did very well.PR: What was your relationship with Howard Balsely?CW: To me?PR: Yes.CW: Just a friend. He came from Indiana and I come fromColorado and we hit the country about the same time 23
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1and he married my wife's chum, school chum, so we worked up a friendship. We were just like brothers and have always been that way. When he first come here he was in the Forest Service. That was way backin the early 1900s and I lived in Castleton but I-- they just had established the Forest Service then and established an office in Moab and he was a clerk to start off with and then he used to do--and I was hired as a guard and we worked together quite a bit you know. We built trails and--well, he didn't. He worked in the office all the time, but they gave me kind of charge of the other construction work around you know. Of course I was under a ranger, but he was out in the field all the time. I helped survey the boundary of the forest and built telephones and forest stations and just more of all around constructive work you know. Then we got [to theJ time they were dividing up the ranges, the allotments you know to separate the cattle and the sheep. I took a part in counting cattle, or trying to.PR: How did you both get into the uranium---?CW: Well, when he was county clerk he contracted quite a few and he was a great fellow you know to--he wanted to--he could see possibilities. He was like myselfyou know, and we could see these possibilities. 24
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1These old timers would come in, you know, and of course they would tell about the big rich strikes. Howard had a little knowledge on uranium that we didn't have you know, and he had lots of faith in itso he got to grubstaking these fellows you know to go out and get interested in these claims. Well, he got interested, and during that time he resigned from the forest and he ran for county clerk and he was county clerk of Grand County there for years. Then as a hobby he was in this mining (break in tape) --oh, Howard would back these old miners you know, and I think we had--I don't know whether Howard ever shipped any high grade until he got active in buying or not, but there was a market at Standard Chemical. I think the little mill started up over on the Dolores River. They called it the Standard Chemical Company. I think he probably had a contact with the Shadow Chemical.PR: You said that you would grubstake people. How was that principle worked?CW: Well, in those days you know, a miner, you get grubstaked and you're supposed to get half interest on whatever they discovered.PR: What do you give them for that half interest?CW: We'd give them half interest in the claims. You had25
 CHESTER A. WRIGHT #1to go out and there were certain rules. You had to locate a claim. You got I think 20 acres to the claim and you had to have a deep deposit of mineral which you located and then you staked your claim from that which covered, I think it was 600 by 1500 feet to the claim. If the claim--you could join the claims you see and a lot of times, you know, you could get quite a number of claims all together. But you're supposed to do a hundred dollars worth of work every year on each claim to hold it and have it recorded. Of course now you could do that all out where the claim werejoined and showed the mineral deposits at that time. You could do it all on your assessment work, on running a tunnel or all on one claim which a lot of them did, you know, and opened up a lot of continuous ore. That was with any kind of mining.PR: You had claims yourself, did you not?CW: What's that?PR: You had claims?CW: Yes, yes I had--in fact, in 1937 I went to--everything was--well, I was mining lately in Silverton, Colorado. I was prospecting up there, working in a mill. But we came down, got snowed out, so we come down to--and I moved over to Squaw Park and we--I had a little ranch, you know, and we had a26
 CHESTER A. WRIGHT #1hard old sled in those days, during the Depression. So I took a partner in who was a government trapper and we moved out to Squaw Park with one of my boys. They got out and trapped coyotes and picked wool, thesheep would die you know, and pick the wool and sell it, and they'd grubstake while I did the prospecting. I prospected in Squaw Park, I got seven claims in one group which we developed and we did; we took I don't know how much vanadium, but it was more or less a vanadium country. We opened up some mighty good, just small trees you know. During the Metals Reserve setup I think we produced probably around between 80 and 100,000 dollars worth of uranium ore and we never did know how much vanadium because we got paid for a lot of it. I still have the properties. The properties have got to have some drilling done on them. I've got them leased, and of course now again it seems like the uranium is starting to--there's a lot of these[that] come back and there are a lot of these places you know that we couldn't make, the ore wouldn't run, but they're getting concentrators now that you can put out and make a concentrate and build your grade up. A lot of these claims, these properties are going to be able to start to work again. I don't know whether--well, I find that you shouldn't get tied up27
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1with the companies. Sometimes you can do better than owning the claim. Like the old saying, "If you can't hook 'em, why join 'em," and I really believe that you get more advantages and they're a lot. You get alot more help in developing and things like that by joining them. I know if I was going back that's what I would do.PR: You've been around the mining for a number of years. What do you think are the changes from when you first started mining until now or when you finished mining? Do you feel there are a lot of changes?CW: Yes, I do. I think that these companies, they're turning their production over to leasers and they help them develop the properties. In fact, a lot of them develop them for them. They know just exactly what they're going after and they take contracts on a percentage and I think they're--and really I think that there are better possibilities to the small miner now of getting into business then there have ever been. But we're going to, and because--well, you're going to get more help. You don't have to takeall the chances yourself. These companies usually you know have the equipment and everything you know, and if they've got a good man, then it's a lot easier for them to lease it than it is to try to run it28
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1themselves. Anyway, I've always thought that theindependent miner that knows his business could go in and mine this ore way cheaper than the companies could operate. She's got something here, should we shut that off?PR: No, that's fine.CW: Back to the time that we started our organization:everybody was broke and we were told that we should have representation in Washington, D. C. Steve McNichols was at that time one of the senators--I'm pretty sure he was--and so we had to raise some money, so I got out with an engineer that was with the VCA or just worked off and on for them by the name of Floyd Blair [whom) we've got amongst the businessmen in the little towns of Nucla and Norwood and amongst the more prosperous miners. We was able to raise about $700. So we used that $700 to help finance a delegation to go back to Washington. Senator Johnson, he's the one that suggested doing that and getting our problems up just the way they were and having put forth by the real miners out of the field what our problems were. Mr. Sitton, and then we had an attorney, one of the very prominent attorneys in Colorado, Montrose. They went back--I'm pretty sure Howard did. They paid their own expenses29
 CHESTER A. WRIGHT #1and we used our $700 to send a real miner, old John Blake, with this bunch. Then of course the governor or Mr. Johnson was there to help and Milton was there to help Aspinol, that's the name of the senator, our old senator. He took a part in it, and of course wefound out even back there unity makes strength. So that's when they set up the Atomic Commission, through those little meetings that we had. Then they set up these, where the government gives their producers assistance, like bonuses and freight on the haul and things like that which we couldn't have operated without that assistance. That is the price. This carnotite ore you know is just mostly in spots, in little channels and trees and things like that. The real ore has turned out to be the lower structures where the ore has been protected, where it's been in big lake beds, like the big deposits down in Grants, New Mexico and over in Lisbon Valley. But the carnotite ore is--there's going to have to be a lot of developing in the field, and whether it will pay or not I don't think that they'll ever find out. It doesn't seem 1ike carnotite ore can stand the pressure that the--it's more of in a sandstone and the other is in a stuff that will--now like there's lots of some uranium found in what's called the Mesa30
 CH E S T E R A . WRIGHT # 1Verde structure, it's a coal structure. It's more of a carbon base. So you can't tel1, and then I knowthey were shipping, from South Ameri ca th ey were shipping up a sort of a coke off of there and getting the uranium out of that and mixing it with our ores. That was at Uravan. I don't know much about the milling part of it you know, but I was mostly in getting organized and field work. I always enjoy working with the best and finding out all I could. It was mighty interesting because there were might fine people, boys to work with out of the field. They had the background too, and of course I have always said that when it comes to looking at properties before the row then one man can see as far in the ground as the other. But the geologists do drilling and prospecting with drills and things like that, they're able now to block out the ore and they know just about how much is there and what it will run and what it will pay and what kind of a setup will be most satisfactory in developing a mine.PR: W ell, then the mining has changed quite a b it.CW: Oh, yes. When we first started, we didn't have--all we had were hand tools. We had what we called thesingle jack. That was a four pound hammer. Then we were drilling steel and we had the double jack and31
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1that was an eight pound [hammer] and we took turnsone struck it. We had to watch; you'd get hit on the hands you know. They'd miss the drill once in awhile. But you get so you're pretty accurate with the double jack. Well,that's the way we started and the little fellows did most of it. Oh, we didn't need any powder. We just, the colorings from the--especially after a rain you know, you would make a coloring and you could tell it was mineralized, you know. There were trees and things like that right from the surface. Of course it didn't take long to get all of that, and when we were mining all of that surface stuff was gone. We had to drift and sink for our ore.PR: Did you get paid by the percentage or by the ton or how did you get paid?CW: We got paid by the percentage of the ore. Uranium will run by 20 pounds to the percent of U308. That would be, say it would be ten percent, it would be 20 pounds. It would be two percent it would be four pounds of U308. And also they, the vanadium was, I think, scaled that way too. Twenty pounds to thepercent. PR: Good.CW: They wouldn't touch it unless it had a certain 32holding the drill while the other
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1 percentage. I didn't hear.PR: CW:It had to run a certain percentage.Yes, we had to hold it to a certain percent in orderto be commercial. The company used to help us on that too. Now like sometimes you'd take a load in that would run a little low. Well, then we could go back and we'd bring in a higher grade ore. Then they would average it. I don't know what we would have done if we hadn't have done that because it would have been a lot of--a lot of the ore that was hauled in by the small miner is going to go probably two or three points down, and to get a full price they'd give us the opportunity to build it up with other ores, see. That's after they got the automatic samplers going. You never could tell exactly. Now we used to be ableto take one of our counters and I could take and put it over on a side of a truck after it was--and I said, "Get the background of it", and then I could pert near tell just within a couple points or three of what the load of ore was going to bring. But it got so that we couldn't use that system at all; you couldn't tell because it varied at the mill. That is how they settled on. Sometimes you get over there you know, and probably would be--they'd make probably a good recovery. Well, we happened to hit over there at33
 CHESTER A. WRIGHT #1that time with our own ore we'd hit that standard. It seems like it was all right, but the next time we could take a bunch of ore off the top of the same binit would vary as much as five points. So you know the little miner is just up against it, so they, that's how they came to giving us to, of making an average. Keeping our ore built up was pert near impossible at the mine you know, but after you handled the ore for a while-~well, I used the geiger quite a bit, in a--I had a little can of ore that I knew just exactly what it would run, just what it would run, and I used it as sort of a standard and I could take and put my powder on to the powder of ore coming down and then I would, I knew just where that was and I would keep our ore pretty well averaged from using that control all the time with the geiger. I found that the geiger was a big help in shifting besides finding the ore.PR: One time when I was talking with you, you mentioned blending.cw: Which was that?PR: Blending.CW: Blending, yeah. Well, what we mean by blending isjust what I got through telling you. You know, now like we had a bunch of ore that probably would go one and a half percent by the counter. That's what34
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1figured it there. Well, and say we had to hold it to two percent--we'll say vanadium--well, then we had to get enough vanadium out that'll go crowd maybe three percent to put in that to bring that lower grade up to two percent.PR: I take it by your talk that you enjoyed mining tremendously.CW: My goodness, my feet are itching now to get back. It's just something you know. I don't know. It isn't the same old thing all the time. It's--well, it's kind of an exciting life, you know. One day you're rich and the next day you're poor, but there's always just something that you--just another foot--now just go another foot and we'll strike it. But that's been my trouble. I stayed with these properties too long. I should have been out, I figured that it was another foot--that turned out [there] wasn't anything there.PR: Well, it has been enjoyable talking with you. I've enjoyed this a lot. Very informative.CW: Well, I'm glad you do. I love to talk, because I don't know, it's just something that don't interest a lot of people you know, and they don't even know what uranium is and they don't care about mining, especially here in California. It seems like peoplehave got no time for anybody here at all. They just 35
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1have got their own business. It just keeps them busy. By golly, they can interest me in what they're doing. They've got no time to listen, but I do enjoy talking to people that are interested in mining. I have a son that's operating over in Nevada on Mercury. He justfinished up a mill and they're trying to figure out a new process of recovery on the mercury. It seems like they're just getting along fine. I also have interest in some Mercury property in Arizona that right now is in litigation. Then I have interest in uranium properties in Utah and I have been doing a little--I did have some properties in Arizona, but it was with a company and didn't make a go. So I lost to them.PR: That w ill happen. W ell, thank you very much.CW: Well, I just have a lot of things you know. Now if you need me more I could, but mostly I was in thesetting up claims and organizing. Now the Shumways know all about that because I've contacted all of them, and I think most of them I had sign up for the organization. I'm sure they did. I don't remember whether A., A. worked for the AEC quite a bit you know and was their field man and I was working as a field man too. Of course there's a little competition there you know. But we always got along. I think the Shumway boys, they were real miners. Real36
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1prospectors. They knew their stuff and I worked a little with Pete and with some of the boys that did nothing but prospect. They were--I learned a wholelot from them.PR: Good. (break in tape) We'11 now have some of thenames of people involved in the uranium industry andthe part they played.CW: Uh huh. These are active both as engineers andheading different organizations. There's Steve McNichols who was our attorney that started the suit against--now that is something that I overlooked too. We started a suit that got the independent uraniums paid for the uranium and that they didn't get paid for---?---.PR: Is this Union Carbide vs. Madgley?CW: Yeah, Union Carbide and the VCA and several of them.Anyway, so the suit we finally was the--Alioto, was that his name, Joe? He's now the mayor of San Francisco. He and his associates took up the suit and split which amounted to millions of dollars and then on a compromise we split with them for winning the suit and it put a lot of us on easy street. In fact I and the boys realized close to $200,000 out of it and these are some of the personalities. There's Steve McNichols: he started the suit for recovery for37
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1damages and the one that got these other attorneys, Joe Alioto and others interested in it. Then there's Gordon W eller. He was the head of the new organization, Uranium Institute of America, and Page Edwards. He was head of the metal reserves and now he's working with the VCA superintendent of one oftheir mills. There's Blara Burwell, he was the head one, an engineer, the head one of Union Carbide back in the early days doing the--he was the head of the mill at Uravan and I think probably at Rifle. Joe Weston was the main field man for Uravan and he helped the independent miners, grubstaked them and furnished them, helped them get started and things like that. Dr. Razor, he was head of the AEC when it first got started and John Hill was his assistant. He is now, or the last I heard he was [promoted to] Dr. Razor's job. Bruce Clayball is a mining engineer that--one of the first engineers. He had--he worked in the field, prospected, and then he was interested in the North Beaver country. He did a lot of the developing. Then there's Gordon Babel that originated the Babel Counter and he's still--the last I knew two years ago taking care of all the instruments located in--he has an establishment in Grand Junction. Ben Simpson, he was an engineer and did a lot of38
 CHESTER A. WRIGHT #1road construction into the uranium mines all in San Juan County and up in Montrose County. Low Williams was a senator out at Norwood, state senator and he was quite active in our organization in getting things organized both for the suit and helping getting things arranged in getting us a voice in Washington and lining up these attorneys. This FloydBlair was an engineer. He was the one that helped raise money to send this litigation or this delegation back to Washington D.C. John Blake, he's one of the old time miners, he's one that we sent back to Washington to represent the independent miners. Danny Viles was the head of the Vanadium Corporation of America. Whether he's--I think now he's retired. Mike MaGraphs was working with Dr. Razor with the Atomic Commission and he went over with the Vitro people from Salt Lake. I think he's retired. Shadow Chemical of Denver, they operated a mill up on Slickrock in Montrose County in Colorado, I think you've heard of them.PR: Uh huh.CW: They finally sold out to one of the big companies.There's Ken Gerrad, a mining engineer that at one time was superintendent of one of the big companies and then he was put in charge at the head of the39
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1Indian Reservation of all the minerals and things located at Window Rock, Arizona. Doug Harrison, he was an engineer from Colorado and he operated the little independent mill, uranium mill in Cottonwood, South of Blanding. These are all the different personalities that I was in contact with when I was organizing and mining and just about everything to do with mining.Yes. It's a very impressive list of people.Yeah, that's right.It really is.I put them down because I wanted to mention their names you know, in some of the deals that we put over and some of the things that we were up against.What were some of the hardships you had?What?What were some of the hardships?Well, when we first went out ---?--- you know, prospecting, most of us--there were no roads, we had to get in there and lots of them weren't able to. We used tents mostly for headquarters and lots of times we'd build up, find a ledge under a cliff we'd build up with rock and fix a place in there so we could get out of the weather and cook and things like that.Most of us to start off were with tents. The places 40PR: CW: PR: CW:PR: CW: PR: CW:
 CHESTER A. WRIGHT #1we had to go we had to pack in with pack outfits and we had to have feed and stuff like that and---?--- we'd usually turn our pack outfit out when we weren'tusing them, we'd use hobbles on them so they couldn't get very far. [Hobbles] on their front feet and then grained them so they'd get the habit of coming in after their grain which they did. They'd come in usually in the morning then we'd turn them out and let them browse. We had to start off with a lot of us. All we had were just single tools such as wheelbarrows and jackhammers, not jackhammers but hammers, four pound single jacks, double jacks which are eight pounds and everything to start off with was done by hand. In our Squaw Park area we built our own road up in there. We had a team of mules and we used them too. Most of it was thick rock country you know, and we'd hammer the thick rock and level it up so we could get in there. Finally we got in there with a truck and then we went out on the railroad which is about started about fifteen miles from the mine between Cisco and Thompson and the section boss would give us the old ties, so we hauled all the old ties in there and we made cabins out them and our shops. We used them for timber, things like that. The only material that we had we'd have to buy were windows41
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1and things like that, you know, and put some nice little cement floors in. Then in a lot of places our water _proposition was a problem too of getting drinking water, because a lot of the springs in that country were full of water snakes, especially out in that Yellow Cat area, and we used to have to haul our water in for drinking. We did use that other waterafter we got compressors and things. After the big mill, especially the USV started up we could always get back on any kind of a proposition that looked good for---?--- ore, machinery, compressors, powder and stuff like that. At one place we built a road into--it was up in San Juan county and the storms were terrible there, the winters. We got snowed in so we used to have to---?--- at the top of the hill, there was a ranch there you know. Then we'd wait till the grader came in and we'd follow the grader out and go get us supplies and come back. We stopped and USV furnished us the powder and equipment and supplies so we stockpiled the ore down there and hauled it out when the roads--well, we had to build some roads to get in there, so the next spring we finished up the roads and we hauled the ore out. We made a nice little profit on it besides paying for the equipment and paying for the supplies. Those are some of the42
 CHESTER A . WRIGHT # 1things that we were up against, you know, but to start off with, we---?--- campfire outside right out under a tree and we'd stay out in camps. Of course everything in those days was mostly horse packing and horseback and things like that. We did haveautomobiles, but there were no roads into that country for the automobile you know until---?--- got in and made them. We used pack outfits just about altogether to prospect and get out and---?--- and it was a great---?---.PR: Very interesting one, yes.[END OF INTER VIEW]43