 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y Grand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-173July 21, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 21, 1970Tape #1:Early Days Working and Background . . . ¥ ¥Mill Processes. .......Vanadium Tailings and Mills in the '50s . . . . Eff1uents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Mine Safety and Regulations.Radon Daughters .. ..........¥ ¥Public Awareness of Hazards. ....... ¥ ¥Safe Working Levels.Findings of Radon Gas Levels ..... Control of Radon Gas Levels.......¥ ¥ ............31 Workmen's Compensation ....... . . . . . . . . 35Smoking and Lung Cancer. ..... Silicosis and Ventilation ..US Governmental Studies. Respirators. ...The Mills and Effluent Discharges. . .Radium in Nature. ...... ....... 57 Tailings. ... 60 Stabilizing Tailings. . . . . . ¥ ¥ ¥ 63 Construction on Tailing Sites. ....¥ ..... ¥ 67........38 . . . . . 47 . . . . . . . 51 ....... ¥¥ 53. .1. . ... . . .. 4711 14 20 22 24 27¥¥¥ 55
 Ecological Concerns .......... . .. .. . . . 69 Reclamation Projects ........... . 74 Industry and the Environment . . . . . . 76 The Arkansas Study ............ . 79
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH ROBERT G. BEVERLY, A DIRECTOR OF RADIATION AND POLLUTION CONTROL, MINING & METALS DIVISION, UNION CARBIDE CORPORA TION, GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO, ON JULY 21, 1970. THE INTERVIEWER IS CLARE ENGLE. THIS IS THECOLORADO PLATEAU ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. [TAPE #1.]CE: Thank you Mr. Beverly, for taking time for talking to me today. I am very happy to be at Union Carbide and happy to get this wonderful reception. I think I'm very lucky to have you as the first person with whomI talk. Should we begin with your background? Tell me when you were born and educated, where you grew up.RB: Well, I'm a native of Colorado. I grew up in Steamboat Springs, Colorado, an old famous ski town. I went to college at the University of Denver. I Studied chemical engineering with an interruption with a few years in the Navy. I graduated in 1947 with a B.S. in chemical engineering. I spent two years back in Buffalo, New York with Allied chemical Corporation. I decided that I wanted to return to thewest, worked with the U.S. Bureau of Mines and Oil Shale Development for about five years in Rifle, Colorado. Then in 1954 I got into the uranium business which I've been in ever since. In 1954 I came to Grand Junction, worked with National Lead Company doing contract work for the Atomic Energy Commission here in Grand Junction at what is known as the A.E.C. Compound. We were dong metallurgical development on how to get uranium out of the ore.
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1The idea was the AEC wanted to convince companies to spend millions of dollars to built mills. We were trying to develop the metallurgical process to proveit to the satisfaction of companies. I'm getting away from background here. Do you have any other basic questions before we get into the uranium business?CE: Is there's anything further you want to tell me about your education that you felt prepared you to work in this area.RB: No, just a sideline, I think there's a place for all types of engineering skills in the mineral áindustry. For instance, I was a chemical engineer going into the minerals industry largely because I wanted to live in the west where I grew up. But with the advent of such processes as solvent extraction and ion exchange, there's a place for a chem. engineer, there's a place for the civil engineer and the mechanical engineer as well as the people that are more commonly associated with this mineral industry such as the mining engineer and the metallurgical engineer. Anyhow, that's how I got into it. In 1954 Grand Junction was an interesting place because you couldn't rent a tent let alone a horse or--We found adifficulty even renting a motel to live in while we built a home, because it was the middle of the boom2
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1days. I suppose we will look back upon those the same way we do today look back at the gold rush days. There are the uranium boom days and during it, Grand Junction seemed to be one of the centers of it because this is the western headquarter of the Raw Material Division of the Atomic Energy Commission. Atthat time the big areas of Grants, New Mexico, had not been found. The large uranium deposits in Wyoming had not been found yet. This was about the era of Charlie Steen making the big find down in Utah, and Vernon Pick, his find also out in Utah, they were two of the most publicized people. Well, it was interesting work at this National Lead pilot plant, because as we are improving processes in pilot steel equipment, we had all the people in this pilot plant that were planning to get into the business. Homestake Uranium Reduction company, Kerr-McGee, Climax Uranium, Union Carbide, all the people that later got into the business were in the pilot plantworking with us. Then as we decided to build mills near where discoveries had been made. We helped in the design of the mills, then when they were ready to operate we often sent chemists out and an engineer. I was on several assignments like this, myself, to helpthe milling people around the clock where we could, 3
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1to get the mills in operation. There was a big push, a very fascinating undercurrent, I think, in the whole industry, created by the Atomic Energy Commission in the desire to turn our country from a have-not nation of uranium to a nation of good--welater turned out to have as we do now, a surplus of uranium. This may not be true ten years from now, maybe less than that, we'll not be a surplus nation. But anyway, there was the fascination, stories like at the bar, at the Caravan Cafe in Grand Junction, that there were no deals that were allowed to be consummated less than a million dollars in this bar. I had an opportunity to meet a lot of people in thewhole uranium industry.CE: Define more specifically what the company did, thecompany for which you worked.RB: Oh, I see, National Lead. We'll take an example: Iremember the ore found down near Tuba City, Arizona. Samples of this ore were analyzed in the laboratory in Winchester, Massachusetts (run by National Lead Company) to determine the uranium content and its amenability to different ways of recovering uranium. Was it more amenable to an acid leach or an alkaline leach? Once uranium was dissolved from the ore, was it better recovered from the ion exchange or solvent4
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1extraction? What the filtering and thickening characteristic of the ore were. Trying to determine the metallurgical amenability of this ore.CE: Was each company doing the same research?RB: Most of the research was centered around some government sponsored projects because you see, theA.E.C. was encouraging people to get into this. As an example, Professor Kazan, who is known throughout the history of metallurgy, had just about at that time developed the ion exchange process, where the selectively--there' s a selective removal of uranium out of an acid leach solution. This was being used at that time. Of course this was all under wraps at that time, under the Manhattan Project. Everything was under security clearance and this was all being used in ion exchange recoverage in Africa, developing the Congo, where most of the uranium was coming from.CE: Shingles?RB: No, I think the Uravan mill of Union Carbide was thefirst one to put the ion exchange process into use here in the United States. So, there were some revolutionary things happening in the wholemetallurgical field as a result of this tremendousresearch effort on uranium. CE: Was it carnotite?5
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1RB: All types of ore; carnotite, urananite. I'm nogeologist, so I'll stop there, before I try to remember any more. The ores were evaluated in the laboratory to give direction of what is probably the best process. Here in Grand Junction, we have this pilot plant; we had five district pilot plants that we could run the ore through. It was a process of acid leaching and recovery of the uranium by ion exchange columns, or by a process known as a basket process, called resipulp, R.I.P. process. There were several mills built on this rather different scheme about this time. We were doing a lot of work; I first knew them all very closely. Alkaline leaching to recover uranium from ores and pressure alkaline leaching, this was also put into commercial use about that time, up in Beaver Lodge, Canada. Then we were also put to looking at the solvent extraction as an alternate method from ion exchange. Essentially all these were later used in different mills, and before- -in other words, you don't scale up from beaker size working a laboratory to a $12,000,000 mill. So thepilot plant, we process for instance, twenty tons of ore a day through the pilot plant. So, it was using the smallest scale mill equipment we could use; commercial ballmill, commercial filter unit pumps,6
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1everything just small commercial size. Then we would make maybe a one month test on one particular ore, and very carefully we worked around the clock processing the ore. So that after one month's tests, we had a very good idea of how much uranium you couldrecover from this ore, how much sulfuric acid it would take to leach it, how much magnesium oxide and all the various different agents that would be required.CE: Were you ever concerned with the refuse, for instance, the vanadium that was in this ore, also?RB: Well, now, you see, let's talk about vanadium. The western Colorado ores are practically all the uranium--vanadium types of ores. The vanadium was being processed largely by the three companies herein the west: Climax Uranium, Vanadium Corp. of America, known as V.C.A., and Union Carbide. The chemistry of vanadium is, I think, more of an art than a science, and maybe still is, because it's very hard to find today any recent published information on vanadium chemistry. It's very complex, far more complex than the uranium chemistry. The A.E.C. was not interested in vanadium. It was buying vanadiumbecause there was very little market at that time. The market was poor for vanadium, so the A.E.C.7
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1actually bought vanadium again to encourage people to get into the business. They bought the uranium and vanadium as a byproduct. So, we didn't do much work on vanadium. Now we get into refuse. I have to say that we didn't pay any more attention to what they did with the tailings then they had for the last hundred years in the milling business. At that time, well, let's see, I would say up until about 1950, the common thing all milling operations--the easiest and simplest way to get rid of the tailings was to dump them into the river. Interestingly enough, the Colorado River carried about eighty million tons of silt a year and a few thousand tons of tailings would get lost in the mud, you might say, at the bottom of Lake Mead. So the quantity of the tailings that may have gone into the river at that time, were pretty small, you see. We are getting to Uravan a 1ittle later. But there had been mills in operation, smallmills in western Colorado for several decades prior to the uranium boom processing the same ores in very early days of the radium, and later days for vanadium and then during World War I, uranium.CE: World War II.RB: World War II I mean. During World War I, they werebeing processed for vanadium because that was one of 8
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1the first big uses that vanadium had, steel equipment used during World War I.CE: Mostly by foreign countries.RB: Well, yeah, that would be right.CE: A big market, wasn't it?RB: The vanadium market fluctuated a lot over the years.So, as I say, the big push was to learn how to put the largest quantity at the most reasonable cost, because the government was paying for it. It had to be an economical venture at a reasonable cost, as we say, into the can; "Get the yellow cake in the can." That was the push. Well, during the period of 1955 to 1960 we started finding uranium all over the country,in large quantities and down around the Grants, New Mexico area, where the Ambrosia Lake deposits came in following Anaconda's original Jackpot ore which isstill one of the most beautiful ores ever been found. Open pit mining and high grade and easy to process. I remember when we were down in Grants helping Anaconda get in their acid leach plant operation and Ambrosia Lake hadn't even been heard of at that time. Laterhere were three other mills built, four other mills. So as we found more uranium in this country then we dreamed of finding. As many mills were built as--I remember there were something like twenty-five mills9
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1in operation by the late ¥sos all the way fromWashington to Texas, South Dakota to Arizona. It became apparent that the government did not have to have any big incentives any longer so the AEC started withdrawing the program. I might mention also National Lead Company at that time is running the Monticello, Utah uranium mill which was the only millever owned by the government. This was owned in the early days by the government and the National Lead for a period ran it for the government and we were down there a lot. So the AEC started to back out of the program and it went through several what we call stretch-out periods, where the government agreed to buy uranium at a lesser rate per year but over a longer period. Now I believe there were about three of these stretch-out programs.purchasing program. So the AEC no longer needed to be in the research work how to get uranium out of ores. The job had been done, and somewhat unique to many operations the job was done so we shut it down. In the closing year or two of operations with National Lead and Grand Junction we started looking a little bit at the radiation aspect as it affected workers,I think it ends this year doesn't it?CE:RB: Yes, the end of this year makes the end of the AEC10
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1the environment, and the surrounding people.CE: What was the provocation for this?IRB: Well, the AEC wanted to look at this. They had a group called the Health and Safety Laboratory in New York City which did the very early work in uranium mines and in uranium mills. Also because they had, if you will excuse me, a lot of talent in this project.I didn't know anything about radiation at the time, so I will excuse myself. They did have some experts particularly in the radio-chemistry field, and the first thing, and it tied in very nicely with the milling operations, is there [was] some concern about radium in the liquid effluences of the mill. I was off on a project for about a year, going around, really never paid much attention having been to all the mills where the waste as we call tailings and where the liquid effluence went to. Although it was recognized you couldn't just dump highly ascetic effluence into nice clear streams, pollution was not a major concern at that time. We began--our first project was to determine radium that might be present in the liquid effluence because we know that very little radium was dissolved out of the ore but maybe some was and where did this wind up? So we made several studies in different milling processes. We11
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1made material balances around the mill looking at theCE: RB:CE: RB:dissolve how much mills. Now were No, this the AEC. And this This wasvarious mill liquid effluent--Will you define that term before you proceed?Effluent of course, is a discharge. If you have a gaseous discharge, a liquid discharge, or solids and a liquid effluent--I'm referring to the waste liquid water, waste water solutions leaving the mill. Solids we refer to as tailings, and I'11 refer to them as tailings, as a solid material and in the liquid portion, and there is a minor aspect of gas emissions from mills that we will try to mention this brieflytoo. We were looking at the amount of radium that 12CE: RB:radium, how much was in the ore, how much could wein various solutions through the mill and finally wound up in the solution leaving theyou with Union Carbide?was still National Lead under sponsorship ofwas in about--?a period about '57 or '58, the early part of '59. This is the program. The laboratory in Winchester although cut way back in staff was working on this very problem. They were working for instance on laboratory methods of removing the radium from the
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1might be contained in the liquid effluent discharge. We found out that essentially all the radium stayedin the tailings and very little of this dissolved in this liquid effluent that left the mill, but enough that one had to be concerned somewhat about it. It was about this time that the Federal RadiationCounsel was formed by Congress, congressional action, and they set a drinking water limit on radium, a limit of radium in drinking water. The highest recommended level if you have the general population drinking. So this gave us a base line of comparison. We looked at the rivers above and below mills, took some samples and looked at the mills themselves. This is just a look at the whole industry to see are there major problems or are there not? About this time I think we concluded the problems were not major despite many years of different stories that you may have read and may be on record in newspapers andmagazines.Wyoming, one down in Grants, New Mexico, we studied the Monticello mill. We made one down in Shiprock, New Mexico. We made a study down there. Different types of processes. But we did take a look, we triedWhere did you concentrate your studies?CE:RB: Well, they were all over. We studied one mill up in13
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1to get samples from all the mills to see what may be contained in their liquid effluence.CE: Is this primarily in the area where mining was prevalent?RB: Yes, it is strictly uranium mills. We weren't looking at any other Atomic Energy installations like Hanford or Idaho Falls or anything like this.CE: Colombia for example?RB: Yes, so don't think anything went wrong withColombia. That was one plant up in Fort Washington that was on a tributary, but we weren't looking over the Columbia River. About this time also there was concern about employees' exposure in the plant to various types of radiation, external radiation such as gamma radiation and internal radiation. We know that certain types of alpha radiation are damaging to the body. Also about this time, I think it was in 1958, the AEC came out with their regulation known as the Part 20 regulation there. 10 CFR Part 20. That's chapter 10 ---?--- of the federal register, Part 20. These define the regulations that all manufactures or anybody working with radioactive material had to meet. We looked at them first [like] these couldn't be designed for uranium mills. They were preposteroussome of the requirements in there. We later found out 14
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1that the AEC officials did have the uranium mills in mind. It appeared to be at first look that they were designed for this radiation work, such as at Oak Ridge or Hanford. Round reactors and U 235concentration in the uranium mill would meet these regulations or not. So a group, at the same time, National Lead ran a uranium refinery for the AEC back in Fernaldo, Ohio, and had a very sophisticated occupational health program and radioactive control program. So a couple of the scientists in this group that worked under Dr. Quigley, very knowledgeable in this field, came out to Monticello, Utah and worked with me and we made one of the early surveys. I think about the same time the AEC HASL group, Health and Safely laboratory, hereafter known as the HASSLE group. The HASSLE group had also made a similar studyin a mill as we were making in Monticello to try to determine if the airborne ore dust concentrate [contained] enough uranium to be harmful, how about the yellow cake, that's the end of the plant. Well, the early surveys brought out--I'm sorry, am I going in too much detail in this? Interesting information? Well, anyway the surveys brought out that probably the one area in a mill that had to be controlled better than was being controlled in the mills was the15
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1final drumming, yellow cake drying and drumming area because here you had 75% uranium material, whereas the ore coming into the front of the plant is one quarter of one percent. Also this is a lot of times a light, sometimes even a fluffy material that was easily airborne. We found around the part of the plant where the yellow cake had been barrelled, and most plants in the early days, high concentration, so these dryers were enclosed and measures taken to prevent---?--- the uranium from being picked up by air and thrown around the plant.CE: What type of measure?RB: Oh well, these usually amounted to dust hoods aroundwhere the actual barrelling took place and around the yellow cake dryers. Sometimes they were even closed in a room in which you made provisions for frequently washing it down with hoses and keeping it clean, and I think that about this time we started the practice of requiring the people that worked with the yellow cake to wear respirators. It's interesting, well I know that many of the people in very early days were exposed to very high concentrations of uranium, but interestingly enough, the limit set on airborne uranium has nothing to do with the radioactivity.It's strictly a toxicology problem. Uranium can be 16
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1toxic to the kidney. So the limit is based on nothing to do with the radiation, but the toxicity to the kidney. I've heard it being stated by many, many people that in the whole history of the atomicenergy, uranium, just pure uranium in its original form per se has never been know not to hurt anybody. So its products that we will get into later, like the radon, radon daughters. But uranium itself is not too damaging, and really when you look at the ore dust I really think if you have all of ore dust in front of the plant you have more of a danger from silicosis than you do from the radiation, the amount of uraniumin the ore dust. So these surveys and this had been proved---?--- out with now twelve years of radiation surveys by all mills carefully supervised in the early days by the AEC. All the milling people had to be licensed with the AEC and they had inspectors that periodically came around the mills, inspected these radiation control records, took duplicate samples and worked more closely in the early days of the mills because it was some of the first work that had beendone in the mill. I think we came to the conclusion, a worker in a mill, it's not a particularly hazardous occupation as far as the radiation goes. I'm sure all the collectors that we have put around the crushing17
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1equipment, converging belts, all this help protect the men more from silicosis than from uranium, but it served its purpose and it did us good. It was well not to have yellow cake operation exposed to quite alot of uranium, and the dust collector down in this area I'm sure helped to recover a little more uranium, put it in the can and let go around the mill, because we have some beneficial side effects. We looked also at external radiation and external radiation was found to be no problem. You don't have higher concentrations of ore. One exception was one column mill, which happened to be processing and I contributed. I was on one of those projects trying to determine what the answer was, and I don't believe weever confirmed it. But it was an ore that was processing from thorium ore as well as uranium ore, and we did find around these ion exchange columns that built up on some radioactive decay product of uranium which was a high gamma emitter. We found some high gamma radiations around these ion exchange columns. In one mill that this was corrected just by replacing more frequently the resin the gravel bed in the bottom, so the gamma radiation in uranium mills is not any great problem. It was about this time thatwe were about to close up the AEC project that I made 18
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1the move to go to Union Carbide because all the mills at that time were just starting out their radiation program. At that time Union Carbide had about 100 mines, found mills and two upgraders in operation. Sothey had six milling operations you might say and two of those were in the building stages at the time. This was in late 1959, and so I moved into Union Carbide to set up their entire radiation control programs. Before we get too much into Union Carbide, have I left any holes that you're familiar with, gaps to fill in?CE: I think you've done a very good start. Then were you a director of radiation and pollution?RB: At that time I was director of radiation control because that was the major problem. Pollution came along--or environmental types of pollution came along a little later. The AEC did less and less work on this radiation control except as a inspection division and the mills pretty well took it over. So we set up in Union Carbide a rather complete program of checki:i1g for everything through the mills, and this time [was] when I first became involved a little bit in the uranium mine problem. Now back at National Lead in 1958 I went to a course down there in Grants,New Mexico taught by Dr. Holliday who is quite a 19
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1famous man in the Public Health Service and is probably the most knowledgeable person in the United States, I would say, on the uranium line, the practical aspects of this whole uranium mining problem. He was in uranium mines in the early '50s looking at the potential problems of radon and the decay products called radon daughters.CE: Would you before you proceed to define that?RB: All right, we might as well do that right now. You see, when uranium decays it decays through a seriesof thorium 234, prodactidium 234, uranium 234, thorium 230, radium 226, and then radon 222 is going on farther, but radon is unique in that this is the only gas in the whole decay chain. Radon 222 becoming a gas is emanated or seeps, you could say, from the ore in the uranium mine and is there in the form of a gas. Now radon 222 decays through four daughter products called radon daughter decay products. There's phonism 218 commonly know as radium A, lead 214 know as radium B, bismuth 214, radium c, coloneum 214, radium C'. Now those decay products [that] are often referred to as radium A, B, c, and C', are the radon daughter products. Then they turn this into lead 210 which is 22 years halflife. So it's a large half life. Now these daughters have very short20
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1halflives. Now the time it takes to decay half of their activity is relatively short. Radium A is three minutes, radium Bis twenty-seven minutes. Radium C,twenty minutes radium C' 2/10,000 of a second. So the half life of these put together is something like thirty minutes. There pretty high level alpha, or two of them: radium A, radium C' give off alpha radiation. The other damaging thing, we'11 go into this a little later, but they are, this group iscalled radon daughters, and it later was found out that they were the real hazards in the whole mining and milling operation in uranium.CE: This information will be--RB: I'm referring here to a report I wrote largely forthe layman who had no background in radon daughters, that was presented last year at the University of Missouri of Rolla and is titled "Radon Daughters and Their Control" on April 17, 1969.CE: Thank you, and this will be in the packet along with the tape if you will allow me to have a copy of it.RB: Yes, you're certainly welcome and I will be glad to furnish it to you. It has a list of some twenty references in the back which should be useful to thereader also. CE: Thank you.21
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1RB: Well, I went to this course, conducted by Dr.Holliday on how to erase your radon daughters in mine atmosphere. I thought this was a far-out week. I'll never be involved in that. Later I became veryintimately involved. Well, I went to work for Carbide. I had found that Carbide had been sampling, doing some sampling in uranium mines starting in 1956. From 1956 to 1959, this was very cursory sampling, just maybe one sample a year and probably done in every mine. I know not in every mine in operation--to get a little feel for what the level was of radon daughters. Now the history of this whole matter--! don't believe I'll go into that fact that this was discovered in Europe in the autumn in the Steam Breg area--of Newfoundland and to the early part of the early '50s. (In the] '50s periods there were a few people such as this Dr. Holliday who I'm sure recognized the potential hazard here. Recognizing the potential hazard here, industry was sitting on a keg of dynamite, not realizing it. I mentioned earlier there was this tremendous push to get [uranium] for defensepurposes. And philosophizing for a moment had we not 22Czechoslovakia.CE:RB: Yes, Czechoslovakia. Later discovered in the---?---
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1had that big defense push, not been able to protect ourselves from foreign powers, maybe the damageeffect, the radiation could have been a national disaster instead of a few men in the uranium lines later been out. ---?--- I think this is why it was possibly overlooked by many in the early '50s because it's the same thing if you want to look at-- we overlooked a lot of things at home during World War II because we were fighting for survival for a free world. I think this was a true defense effort at times. So this might be why this is overlooked, but from about 1 56 to 1 58 it was because there was more brought out about the potential danger from their radon daughters, even though there was no sign of any uranium miners dying at times in quantity. I think the reall awareness came about á in the late 1960s at a governors conference held in Denver. Quite a number of governors and a lot of the federal and stateagencies.CE: Now you are talking about public awareness?RB: Public awareness, yeah.CE: Because you have Public Health Services [that had]started working in this area in the early ¥sos'right?RB: Yes, you have Public Health Service working all23
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1through the '50s. There's a publication put out by the Public Health Service [which has) sort of been vital as far as the control of radon and daughters, the Public Health Service Publication 494, published originally in 1958. This proved how to sample forradon daughters. It told [about] some of the samples that the Public Health Service had found in the '50s. It discussed the damaging effects of the body and it put for--at that time that is the figure they came up with, and still not disputed by most people of a concentration under which miners could work for a lifetime and still be safe. This is known as the working level. Now working level is where technical terms [such] as the fine is 1.3 x 105 ---?--- electron volts ---?--- of alpha energy from these radon daughters per liter of air sample. Anyway, the Public Health Service puts these little publications out sort of a vidual. This is the guide by which everybody is going by, the same time as states, I think Colorado in the later '50s--also in there Colorado mining law established that one working level should be level control to the mine. Now theearly samples showed that there were very high levels, hundreds of working levels literally, twenty working levels, eighty working levels, 150 working24
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1levels very common, through the early '50s. Since we're started on the uranium miner problem, I think I'11 continue on with that. Don't let me forget,later we'll go back to work down in the mills. The radon daughters are measures--incidentally, are you going to talk to anybody else much about the details of the radiation, mine radiation program? We'11 go into a little detail here. Stop if you think I'm going into too much detail here. The measure samples concentration and samples and determines concentration these radon daughters by drawing a known volume of air using a little pump. We used a hand and crank pump; in later days we used a battery pump and today a very convenient little small pump that you can wear on your belt are available. You pump a known volume of air, you measure a volume of air through a Rotameter.CE: A what?RB: Rotameter, that's a common sampling, anything tomeasure a volume of air. The radon daughters are highly ionized. Most of them they collect very readily on a filter paper. Then we take this filter paper and put it under a portable alpha measuring instrument or alpha counter and measure the alpha count. We wait about forty minutes to allow several25
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1daughters that decay at different rates depending on the equilimbrium that you'11 find it in the mine atmosphere--by waiting about farty minutes you can minimize your air of because of sometimesdisequilimbrium of the daughters. At between forty minutes and forty-nine minutes you calculate this, go to a curve or a graph, and come up with a figure of the working level, the concentration of these radon daughters. The methods of sampling, the method of counters have improved greatly in recent days. Quite sophisticated instrumentation now used for this purpose. A word or two on the damaging character of the daughters. Exposure by miners, for instance, over long periods of time, and I'm talking now probably five to fifteen years, a high concentration had been known in some foreign country, and we later found out in Colorado--to create, cause lung cancer. This is also know and mentioned in the mines in Newfoundland. The cancer doesn't develop for maybe ten to twenty years in the average case. So we didn't see in the early ¥sos, '60s even, too much results of these high exposures that many men got in the ¥sos. Now as soon as this governor's conference took place in 1960, wemade a public awareness of all this. Everybody, certainly all enlightened companies, I wouldn't say26
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1all small little, small mining companies, but most people made efforts to lower the radiation level. NowCE: RB:just a little--before I have the governor's conference however, an interesting point in some-- this is something we're faced in industry all the time. The governors in all the uranium mining states, Public Health Services and other agency people wereinvolved. All the ---?--- industry now invited we were not allowed to attend, as I tried to get into the conference. I had to almost by Gestapo means get the full transcript, which I still have copied in about half a dozen different methods. The transcript,full transcript of the meeting. Why?I wonder why we were today, and I'll cite an example, the governing agency group is working on the same problem on a recent review. The date they have been working on for a year and a half. We have not yet been as asked to enter in the picture. It is a bit discouraging and it is very common. I don't think it's an oversight. I think maybe sometimes it felt that it takes a lot of time for the conference withor without the press being there, we'11 take on a different aspect. I have no objection of course, anybody can have the private meetings and I have no27
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1objection to the government agencies having the meeting. Something as important as this, and where it was our problem it was going to be out money we were going to correct it. The mines were owned by us and we were willing, we were working--as I said, Carbide started in '56 sampling, we started installation and mechanical ventilation. This is the method of control of radon daughters. The large quantities of ventilation gets serious when they won't let you comein the conference---?--- you know it was publicized in the paper and everything. A year and a half later a summary was issued to the public and a year and a half later I was able to get a summary of the meeting. But I had a copy--full transcript--for a month because, as I say, I almost had to use Gestapo methods. I'm in no way saying it an excuse of industry, because we have to involve ourselves in all these things. But the governor's conference always rubbed me a little bit the wrong way. It at least had its good points . . It brought across to the public the attention that the subject right free needed. So there was a big push [in the] 1960-61 period and the levels of the statistics the U. s. Bureau of Mines has, Public Health Service has [shows the] company has shown a tremendous drop in the concentration in28
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1the '60-'61 period. I personally don't believe that a man [who] has gone to work in our mine's Union Carbide since 1961 has been exposed to any great hazard. They may have been a little above what today we really want them [to have]. But I don't think this man is going to be subjected to any higher incidentsof lung cancer than probably the general population. CE: How do you make sure that these people observe therules of Union Carbide?RB: I think this maybe, and this point leads in how doyou control these radon daughters? Basically it's just lots of ventilation. Air dilutes them. The radon daughters--actually it's not like a gas ore, they are solid particles, but they are so small you might as well consider them a gas. They aren't actually measuring atoms. Were they not radioactive you would never be able to measure them. I can't give the exact figure, but I used about 1960 an explanation of a little 50 millimeter vial full of radon. That would be enough radon to bring all the air over the state of Nevada. The meeting was in Nevada. Up to something like a mile is the height up to one working level. So you see just a small amount of radon. Of course this would be highly radioactive if you carried a 50 rnilliliter vial of radon. But anyway, just a very29
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1little bit of this goes a long way when there's amine measure atom rather than a volume of a gas. So by dilution you can dilute these samples, just a little air for instance in a mining area will drop concentration fifty working levels down to maybe five working levels. Now it's a lot together to get down to three and more tough to get it down to two or one whatever, it be were trying to get down to theseworking levels.CE: What is the required working level?RB: Well, from the very start it was recognized that someworking level was desirable. But with these very high concentrations if people weren't with this it would never be achievable. We found with not too much air we were able to bring it down into the general rage of five. At this time another group entered the picture, and this is the America Standard Institute. I think they're known as America Standards Association. A Standard for bolts and nuts, andá ASA standards for tramways and various things. There were ASA standards written by knowledgeable people. Dr. Holliday was one of the leaders of this group; he wrote a standard on how to control how much air it takes and so forth. They recommended that if you found concentrations over ten working levels you30
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1would clear the area of men.three and ten you would initiate immediatelycorrective ventilation to bring it down below three and between one, and there you take more samples and try to evaluate what the mans exposure really is. You start with the time: how much time did he stay in various places in the mines? Below one it was considered to be controlled.CE: Can you rotate them? For instance, if they had more exposures.RB: No, not at that time. No, this is a more sophisticated move to do later, although this is still not too practical of a method to control. We will get that in the picture later. Now it was largely just to get more and more air. Now was the great education problem for the miners, because he didn't like to have this cold blast of air blowing down his neck. Now, how we do it is we get great bigwhat we call primary fans. Very large fans blowing large volumes of air down in the mines some 150,000 CFMs in some cases. Then as this is distributed the secondary fan is what we call vent tubing, maybe twenty inches in diameter taking the air right near usually within thirty to fifty feet of the workingface where a man is working. Then the air in turn is 31If they were between
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1exhausted out of the mine.CE: Doesn't that prove the problem in the winter time? RB: Yes.CE: The temperature in the mine is a constant sixty-fiveyear round, and once this program is initiated the induction of air would often create problems, the equipment would freeze.RB: Particularly where you introduce this air, water lines would freeze up here, composed air lines would have water and they would freeze up. We've had vent holes just in condensation freeze up. Actually close themselves clear off. So, yes, it is a problem as the years went on. Quite recently we have gone back to heating the wire with propane gas. Correct fireheaters were you heat the air when you are going down into the mine, and in more recent years [we've] had to put more and more air to get the concentrations to lower and lower levels than we had to go to heating. They have done this in Canada for many years. A big mine once you get the air c~rculating you would beginto reach the end in temperature of the mine. But it's where you bring it in small mines it's prevalent to cold temperature in the back of the next. The old saying is, "I'd rather die of radiation down in the mines than of pneumonia tomorrow," but this is the32
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1type of thing we had to overcome in a matter ofeducating the miners. We had to induce them to leavethe fans on, educate them to repair the rips in thevent tubing, educate them to keep them advancing thisvent tubing as they advance face down and drift where.,CE:RB: No, the vent turning is not. The fans are fairlyexpensive. But the large cost is drilling these vent holes. Today we drill lots of times 48" diameter vent holes 800 feet into the ground and they may cost 60 to 80 thousand dollars to put one vent hole down and a fan to put on the top. Fans throughout the mine. Now many people simplify this problem. They say,"This is just a problem of ventilation, a good ventilation here can handle it." I guess the way you picture this is if you said you were going to build a building and you want to design ventilation for this building. But we're adding on to this building every day, and a year from now this building is going to be three times bigger than it is today. But we don't know which direction. We may go up, we may go down, we may go east, west. We may go several different directions. But in the Uravan Mineral Belt the ore bodies are spoty, the pods of uranium, and we learnedthey were mining.It is expensive?33
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1more where the uranium ore is dy drilling into themonce we start mining. Where there are some mines, which is a little more the case, down is going to look like [the direction]. But even there they're going off finding side pockets. So it's a dynamic continually changing type of thing. You really didn't know how big the mine was going to be ten years fromnow either. It may be out of ore in three years, soit's all the same changing problems.CE: Is this an excusable method for Union Carbide as alarge corporation but not as practical for anindependent miner?RB: No, this is together for the independent miner. Theindependent, small independent miner will rely upon the sate people of Colorado, state Colorado Bureau of Mines has done a very good job, I think from the very start, .twelve to fourteen on this matter they've tried to help the small miners, they work with the big companies, they are on our case. They don't come in and sample our mines as frequently because we in turn have always given all our result of our sampling. They should, but they would come in and check us once in a while. They would be really criticized if they weren't too sure that we werekeeping up the stuff the way the small miners [were].34
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1So the small miners had to rely on the state. In some cases where we had some buying ore, from a small miner we sent our ventilation engineer out. (He would] spend a day in his mine to help guide him andtell him how to put in his ventilation. Carbide has been a little unique---?--- moment a part of 1960 we did not do any of our mining ourself. It was all contract men. We contracted the mining on our properties to other persons. In that 1960-1961 period about ten to a dozen of the larger mines we took over as company operated mines, and mined them using company employees. So we hired a lot of the old time miners who were the good miners that really know their stuff. Of course, we hired a lot of them that had been exposed to the very high radiation levels and we've lost a lot of these men over the last tenyears in the '60s; about twenty of them including our mine manager who died of lung cancer a year ago at Christmastime. A lot of these people have been very close to us, and we took the problem very seriously.CE: I understand the state of Colorado has assumed the workman's compensation claims. Why? Because--RB: Well, all mining companies have to be insured, independent insurance or the Colorado workmen's compensation. And of course, we pay the compensation.35
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1Another fact, we at Carbide got worried about whereour money was going to come from and went to the Public Health Service and went to Colorado Mining Association, had a actuarial study made. We went back to Washington a long time [where] our congressmen were trying to get the---?--- to be sure not just our own miner widows but other widows were [receiving] adequate compensation. The problem was, you see, we had miners working for us but we had nothing to do with it. Today the average uranium miner does die of lung cancer work for some contractor, some private company long been out of business. You can't get the money from that sort. So[it's not] available where it comes from.CE: How do you solve that problem?RB: Well, today basically were paying the bill at home,here in Colorado. Frankly I think we're the only state that has compensated all, although there have been a few cases in Utah and few in New Mexico, so wehave been concerned about this. Right now the---?--- the money coming from actuarial we book. In other words, if not other uranium miners die ---?--- the number seem to be tappering off. If it didn't--CE: It does, it tapers off.RB: It appears to be, we're encouraged that it appears to36
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1be. This was not what the Public Health Services projected 1.n '65; it was not what this actuarialstudy projected because again they used Public Health Service there. This all depends on the big conversal problem when they use threshhold or no threshhold theory of radiation. In other words, a lot of miners who work in low levels result in the same number oflung cancer deaths as coachly few at a higherconcentrations.CE: Mr. Beverly, what type of medical surveillance do youhave?RB: We start--of course, a company always has standardfiscal examinations for the 1960s for all our underground people. Everybody working underground started annual physical examinations with chest x- rays, particulary looking at the respiratory system of course. At this time we also started as a part of the annual examination. students sample as a sicolage red of the stumdem sample. This was something that Jina Sagramono at the local theology's st. Mary's Hospital was working on. He believed he was on the track of looking at the cells and the spewdom oncecoughed up. Am I right? Type of coughing result--- ?--- and he could look at the cells and a few years [ago] he saw the starting development of cancer37
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1looking abnormal cells, and then later on cancer cells. Sure some of these fellows develop lung cancer, and in the early days alhough he was receiving a lot of publicity nationally, some of the top pathogenists in the country thought he was highly speculative in this work. [These are] the same pathogenists that now are supporting him 100% and recognized he had hit upon something. Hopefully this may be something that can be used for the general population in the early detection of lung cancer. But anyway, we incorporated this---?--- have been during this ever since he has been graded in different classes depending upon whether they are beginning tolook abnormal or very definitely abnormal or cancer and so forth. If a fellow showed up with a bad one we start having him look more often to the doctor. More frequent x-ray checks. Unfortunately very few if any cases have been picked up with x-ray early enough to do any good. Oh there's been a predominate of fast growing---?--- cell type of cancer. By predominate I mean maybe only 20 percent of the general population from the very start. Dr. Sakamoto felt smoking was contributing to the radiation. Most the people in thecountry poo-pooed this and said not this is not true. We in industry couldn't talk too much about the38
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1smoking although we suspect I think largely from the guidance of Sakamoto that this might be a problem. We couldn't talk about that because people would say,CE: RB: CE: RB: CE: RB: CE:RB: CE:RB:"You're just trying to blame the problem on smoking." Smoking at that time was controversial whether it wasn't cancer forming (or it was].That was--The early '60s.Okay.Is this what you were going to ask? What time?Yeah.However--Sakamoto, Dr. Sakamoto is located right here in Grand Junction.Right here.He appeared before the hearings, at the hearing of before the subcommittee on research development of radiation.When he talked at those hearings you never saw a hearing room clear as far as smoke so fast in your life. He must have been fifteen minutes before some one had nerve enough to light. If you spend a day with Sakamoto if you're a smoker you'll start doing some serious thinking. I speak from experience having about this time gone to Salt Lake over to visit the39
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1Public Health Service. Dr. Sakamoto made a believer out of me. He had [been] a former smoker himself. In the business world a nonsmoker. Will went on smoking, and as time went on it was obvious that smoking and radiation together were dynamite as compared to either one by itself, for example. Today there has been approximately a range of 150 to 160 uranium miners that have died of lung cancer. Some of these probably could not be ---?--- to radiation some could. Some had small e~posures but had larger underground exposure from other mines. But anyway, it has been very difficult to get the full picture together because we don't have enough ---?--- Butanyway we made studies. From 1959 on we made smokingsurveys of something like 500 mining people.CE: This was Union Carbide?RB: Union Carbide. About 75 percent of them were smokers,and this was similar [to a] survey made by Public Health Service a lot---?--- didn't smoke. Well, with this 150 that died, let's take 160 should be nonsmokers. We have one non-smoker uranium miner you probably don't have anything to worry about. Dr. Sakamoto feels that maybe the tobacco company as well as the uranium company should be paying some of these compensations. But anyway, it is obvious that the two40
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1are together. So back to the medical, let's finish up the medical history. We've continued over the yearsfollowing the people very closely. We've been working with people like Dr. Sakamoto, we were very fortunate to have two doctors in this period in Uravan, Dr. Ellinwood and Dr. Madison. Dr. Ellinwood originally who had a background in radiation physics as well as medical background, came from Los Alamos. So we were very fortunate to have people like this in a rather remote place _as Uravan. He is one of them that probably saw and diagnosed as many of these uranium miners' lung cancer as anybody.CE: And at Uravan if anyone were vulnerable that would-- RB: This is a way there is mining. You see, in the late '40s in mining, some of these men that died probably got their radiation back in the '30s or '40s in thesame mine, but they were mining vanadium ore. There at that time this material uranium was used a little bit. You've probably heard the story of the color used on dishes. That was about the only use for uranium.CE: It was used before the 20th century in fact.RB: This is right interesting, so--CE: It was used by the Indians.RB: I remember that. I remember hearing about that. So we41
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1worked in with these doctors. We also followed the work of Public Health Service. Our own medical staffin New York follows us very closely. At this time we had a Dr. Naole who knew most of the top doctors in Public Health Service, and he tried to coordinate or program with that Public Health Service. Through this period, 160s and '70s about half of the miners working on our properties were company miners; about half were working for contractors. Right or wrong we assumed the safety liability , radiation control aspect and all these contractor and operated mines. In the more recent years we required the contractors to have the same medical program for their men as our own people had. Many of these contractors worked for Carbide [under] contract for fifteen and twenty years as part of the same crew.CE: Is most of that allowed in the mines? RB: Well, let's build that up in a second. CE: Okay.[END OF FIRST HALF]42
 [ T H I S I S THE CONTINUA TION OF AN INTER VIEW WITH ROBERT G. BEVERLY AT GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO ON JULY 21, 1970 FOR THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT . THE INTERVIEWER IS CLARE ENGLE. T APE # 1 . ]CB: This about covers the medical program. We're still all involved, just last night--we have a new Doct or in Uravan, we had him here in Grand Junction, Dr. Allenwood. Dr. Sakamoto and Dr. James also worked a lot with us, and two or thee of the company people to give him a background, the type of things we're thinking of here. So we're coordinating efforts with the doctors in here so our new doctor here in Uravan will be familiar with the things. We tried to--welike to think we've gone a little overboard in trying to do everything we could medically for these people. As I say, when the guy two doors down the hall went out a year ago, you do a lot of soul searching on your own program. Are you doing the right thing, or have you done the right thing? We started about three years ago a very vigorous anti-smoking program. We had Dr. Sakamoto, we took him to the mine, had groups of miners gather in their changes rooms and he gave them his pitch on why they should quit. He showed them slides, some of them of people they knew and showed them the slides in his nontechnical terms. You'11 be surprised that uranium miners know about the development of lung cancer in the chest far more43
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1than the most people in the country. Well anyway we gave practically everybody the pitch and had them 1isten to Dr. Sakamoto. He had a thin section of smoker's lung, you could look and see what a smoker's lung looked like compared to non-smoker's lung. We had all the filmstrips and all the poster materialfrom the American Cancer Society. The National Cancer Institute [which took] part in our weekly, monthly safety talks partly devoted them to quitting smoking in January of '69, which happens to be unique, just exactly ten years from this earlier smoking survey.We made another smoking survey. If the fellows are even somewhere near honest with us to back up how we made the survey were we doing any good? Let me ask a lot of questions, had they heard Dr. Sakamoto speak and had they read any letters here? Were they convinced? Have they changed their smoking habits? What have been these? We were extremely pleased to find 1/3 of them were smokers and 2/3 of them were not. Even if some of them were not honest with us-- half of them were still smoking--we felt we had accomplished a lot, and interesting on that one question we had where they confessed uranium miners shouldn't smoke, they were just all about convinced of this even though they might have not been able to44
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1kick the habit. About this time we took a step that a lot of people questioned whether we should take. Alot of people out of other mining companies thought we were jumping off the deep end. You must recognize the problem was more real to us because we are in the old mining area. There were no Grants, New Mexico miners exposed [in the] middle ¥sos, late ¥sos when the mining got going. Anyway in February in '69 we prohibited smoking in all our mines and we had practically no trouble at all. I attribute this tothings the education program we had leading up to it. There wasn't any great surprise for them when they got the notice. There was going to be no more smoking. Second of all, speaking from experience most smokers want to quit. When somebody says, "For eight hours you' re not going to smoke here, " and there's nobody else smoking around you, you can quit a lot earlier. Granted they were chewing anything they could get their hands on. But as I say we had very great acceptance. In fact, as we sampled Dr. Sakamotowere interested in several places the miners said let's have the whole community come. We had a community program. Wives and kid and teenagers, whathave you. He's given them the same talk too. So a-- CE: You talk as though you're an ex-smoker.45
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1RB:CE: RB:OhyoubetIam.YoubetIam.IfImaybringina personal view I have a seventeen year old teenage daughter who is just as much [on a] mission in smoking as Dr. Sakamoto is.You find that very common among teenagers now.Yeah, and this is great, because certainly there is no doubt about it that people work in higher levels of radon are going to be more susceptible if there's 1/10 of them smoking. Probably the prevalence of lung cancer in this group of uranium miners that did work in the early days is something like twenty times that of the general smoking population.I have a statistic. We'll look in the Atomic Scientist October '67, six times higher than normal. Of course, incidentally, I happen to have this right in front of me.Well, there probably has been a lot more maybe to figure. Anyway, there's no doubt it's higher. As I say fortunately it appears to be the peak if you lookat the number of cancer deaths of any given year, looking at various years. Dr. Sakamoto is part of this and it appears to be we reached the peak aboutCE:RB:three years ago. They are now on the decline.CE: What I'm relating to is the death rate of cancer was about six times higher than normal among uranium46
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1miners. I don't relate this to cigarette smoking. You probably think twenty times higher among smokers, don't you?RB: Well, I was actually referring the smoking mining population versus the smoking, general smoking population. Two few statistics that show right nowindicate that the uranium miner that doesn't smoke is well just because there are not enough figures. It appears to be less than the general population doesn't smoke, but this is just because we've got one or possibly two cases and we don't have enough statistics. But it's obvious that the uranium minerwho didn't ever smoke is probably not in any trouble. Since we stopped the smoking now, and then later last year we had the contract--had their men quit smoking underground, the U.S. Bureau of Mines in about--well, later in the same month in February '69 in their proposed regulations which go in effect in February of 1970 this prohibits smoking in uranium mines. The U.S. Bureau of Mines is now convinced, the Public Health Service is convinced. Everybody's convinced it's prior to smoke and mining uranium.CE: Is there a legislation in regard to any of this control?RB: Well the U. s. Bureau of Mines regulations are 47
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1national regulations that have to be followed by all mining companies. The regulatory power still remainsin the state level with the Colorado Bureau of Mines which can have the regulatory function as long as their regulations and standards are as printed and as adequate as the U. s. Bureau of Mines. So there's no doubt that come February next year there will be nosmoking in any uranium mine. But as I say we were pleased that we had no problems solving the fact of education plus the fact that today I think most smokers are trying to quit anyway. I think a lot more, maybe our statistics are a lot better today because a lot of them found if they could get by eight hours without smoking they could kick it.CE: They could get by the other eight.RB: Get by the other eight they're not sleeping, yeah.CE: Are there any other physical effects, besides lungcancer that you found are related to radiationexposure?RB: Well, not radiation. There's always a problem [inthat] many underground miners usually get silicosis. We over the years have had a program of control of dust and measuring the amount of silica in the dust in the mines. Incidentally all this ventilation has created the worst dust problem in the mine. Because48
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1you're blowing large quantities of air, sometimesit's equivalent to a twenty mile an hour wind. This tends to dry out the mines which are most of them naturally somewhat wet and it creates a problem, that it may be worse. So there's a limit to how far you can go with ventilation. I think we have just reached the limit method of control of ventilation. A word or two of--incidentally, let's look at the government regulations. We were all trying to get to this one working level. In Carbide about 1962 we changed our approved and set at seven and a half working level shut down the working area, between three and seven and half you initiate the ventilation immediately and one to three take more samples. Then about sixty-five we cut that--what we call the shutdown level, above which we don't let any work, we cut it to five and we cut down to two the level at which you're supposed to immediately put in some betterventilation.CE: What does this do to business?RB: Well, what had happened--although they are morelikely when you lower the level this means there are more places for a few months that you're shutting down more places until you get some by shutting down. I don't mean there down for good. They're shut down49
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1until you get some good ventilation in there and you get the levels down below three. Then you can go backin there and go to work. So it just puts more and more emphasis on keeping this ventilation going right along with the miners. One of the biggest problems has been education. It just was a continuous pound, pound into the guys down there, because most of our miners get paid a certain wage. They have an incentive pay. So the more ore they mine the more pay they make, and a lot of them make some real good money. It's sort of a team effort you see. They don't get any more pay for the time it takes to putting in ventilation. So they're convinced now. We were---?-- - convincing them and maybe one of the most convincing things was to go to a few funerals of your friends. It's education--it was the hard way to educate, not intentionally, but it has its affects. So I think our miners are a little more conscious in the Colorado Plateau area today then some of the rest of them because this unfortunate problem came about in this area. So gradually we've been getting tougher and together in our regulation. The state in turn has been getting lower in their regulations. In 1967 there, largely due to newspaper releases, the Department of Labor got into the picture. They chose50
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1the route of the Wal Healey ---?--- contract act. The public contract act provided your selling to government agencies your product. The Department of Labor can have regulatory jurisdiction over safety and health, and the Secretary of Labor worked time out of the clear blue sky, with very littleconsultation with anybody, decided that uranium miners had to be corrected. I don't think we realized that it was a long-term thing and we were at that time seeing the deaths, the result of radiation back in the early '50s. We were going to lower the level to 1/3 of one working level. One working level isn't safe. It should be 1/3. Well you don't do these things, of course, overnight and they withdraw this,it become effective first in '68. The joint committee, the U.S. Atomic Energy Congressional Joint Committee had some very thorough hearings. You referred to those a while ago. Those two green books of the '67 hearings and later another smaller green book of '69 hearings of the joint committee are probably the best reference material in this whole thing we've talked about, this uranium miner. Wealong with others testified out at these hearings. They brought out a lot of information. There was I think a sort of a division of two groups. The51
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1conservative group feels the level should be lower and another group , the larger group feels one working level is safe. We may never know. Hopefully there will be some data from South African miners that may--there's been a lot of work at these levels,3/10 and one working level. They have very, very thoroughly recorded their exposures and their health and so forth. They are themselves the ---?--- U.S. government Public Health Service. Working over their data to try to come up with any statistics to see if there's any increase in lung cancer death of the miners working at this level. This whole--CE: You wanted to tell me what was being done in the mill.RB: Yeah.CE: You wanted me to remind you.RB: We'll wind the mine thing up in just a minute, thenwe'll get on to the mill. So anyway the---?--- end of this year, all the government contracts went out. Union Carbide was one of the few companies still selling to the government. So they cannot use the Walls Heley jurisdictional rule. However they saidthey would turn this over to U.S. Bureau of Mines. We think it's more logical to have mine standards promulgated by the mining agency of the government--52
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1-?--- this is there job as mining. Over and above all this the Federal Radiation Council will accept the standards all by law. All federal agencies have tofollow the Standard Federal Radiation Council. They've been looking at this for two or three years, and they are going to evaluate [at the] end of 1970 this whole picture and come up with what the workinglevel should be. There have been discussions about step-wise standards, maybe dropping for what we call twelve working levels month. This is working at one working level for twelve months. You have accumulated exposure then of twelve working level months. Some-- -?--- which eight which has effect of 2/3 of a working level. If they lower to 1/3 working level I am afraid we're out of business in the Colorado Plateau because the cost, the extra cost of ventilation [would] put us out of being in the competitive picture. If we had any--if we'd thought out all of this as needed of course we'd either done this or gone out of business earlier, because I thinkthe health of our employees is our greatest concern. So this should there--well, hopefully some resolution made by the end of the year. One other thing of respirators, if you can get all miners to wear respirators. This filters out the radon daughters.53
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1Radon goes through it and there's a little decay of radon while in and out of your lungs. If you [do so you] eliminate about 95% of this problem. This is a possibility. Coal miners in England they tell me now are all wearing respirators. Some of our people-- actually, we furnish respirators. There's a place,for instance geologists have to go out in unventilated areas doing some mining in this area. Safety engineers go out and see if it's safe to go in this area. We had to require all of them to wear respirators.CE: Well, what's the little mask, we went to visit a mine two days ago, and when we entered there was a branch, stub of a tree that extended out into the opening of the mine and on it were hanging 12 little masks. We wore one as we entered.RB: Well, this what we're looking at. We've done quite a lot of work with several groups on respirators, it would be a throw-away type of something, a little bit similar to the surgeons mask, but it fits a littlebetter and is a throw-away type. CE: Is that best?RB: Wel1, yeah. We've done some test work on them, and although it may not remove the 95 percent I mentioned, still you can breathe very easily through54
 ROBER T G . BEV E RL Y # 1them. They may eliminate 75 percent. So this is a possibility. So in the whole industry the one sore thumb is the uranium miner problem. In the early days the big emphasis was on the mills, but the real problem is in the mine. There's a lot of question of who should have been on top of it sooner. I think probably everybody can share the blame a little bit. The AEC said to bring--the Atomic Energy Act did notapply any regulatory function at all by the commission until the ore reached the mills. There were any one of the agencies [that] could have stepped in, but that's history now. We think the problem is well under control. As I mentioned earlier, I'm not concerned so much about now. I think the fellow that went to work in the last ten years has been protected. Now I think we'll see the lung cancer drop off to very low. Now a word or two about the mills, over the last ten, twelve years we've continued our program looking at the milling problem,was there a problem or not, protection of the employees, who have done a lot of sampling around the mills. [They] started back in about '59 sampling all around and up to the boundary of the mill, uranium, radium in the air and so forth. Generally the l evels were in a range of one, two, three percent of the55
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1recommended maximum concentrations for the general public. There was a big to do that started about 1965 about the radium in the effluence of the whole Colorado River system. We started out at the mill at Durango, Colorado, which has made quite a publicity thing, and even though some papers said that the people in Farmington, New Mexico were drinking bottled water because they were afraid of the---?--- their water, but it was quoted in Time. The River ofDeath. It was not recognized that a million people back in the Chicago area, Illinois, Ohio, and Indiana drink the deep well water and half of the country was settled where drinking water was as high as ten times the drinking water standard. There's been a known increase in death back there. It's interesting along about this time the Federal Radiation Council raised the amount of radium that was tolerable in drinking water from one to three---?--- per liter, caused by regulation to make a lot of water safer. But anyway, I thought it was blown out of a little proportion butut this was justified. Five, seven Colorado River basin states requested the Public Health Services to come in and they started, this is- -I say 1965, it's earlier than this, about 1961--they started a major survey which is still going on about56
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1the quality of the whole Colorado River system. Originally emphasis was on radio-activity. In later years it has gone down now to almost all dissolvedsalt content. I fortunately was in on this even before the Public Health Service got into it because we were doing this early uranium work and I had recommended long before I went to work at Carbide that they start sampling all their mill effluence above and below. So when I went to work for Carbide I already had a couple years of data. At the time the Public Health Service started their survey we werefortunate in having about three years of data at each of our mills which uniquely enough were high on all the rivers whereas nobody above us was contaminating the water. About after our second year I just stumbled upon something that I noticed, that in spring in higher runoff water, radium concentration did not drop out of sight down to nothing with all with this fresh melting snow. It stayed about the same level, and I thought, "Gee, if I multiply flow by concentration," which I did--I found a great big peak on a curve if you pause month by month. Here comes a spring runoff and here comes a large quantity of radium down or above the uranium mill. I got the data from several of the other uranium companies57
  ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1altogether and it was--the picture was, although there was some radium in the mill effluence, 90 percent anyway of the total radium that ever reached Lake Mead came from other---?--- and being one who 1ikes to see credit go where credit is due, Mother Nature was not getting her credit. We were getting all the credit for the radium in the water. So we told this to the Public Health Service, pointed this out to them, told them as they got into their survey work. This time they were just getting started. We thought they might be interested in this phenomena and although they have--what?CE: Can you explain it?RB: Well, yes. What it is is all rocks and earth andeverything have a certain amount of radium in it. Granite has more radium than most anything else. Radiochemists whom we had years ago working for us remembered reading a little Italian publication where during the cloudburst one season of the year in Italy the radium concentration in the rivers was considerably higher. It's an effect of the radium leaching to the surface. Evidently it does this during the winter months. When the spring snow melts the radium leaches to the surface and it picks it up and carries it down the river. Now there are two58
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1things to look at it. If you want to look at concentration and you want to look at the concentration in river waters below mills you also want to look at the total amount of radium. Alsothere are about two hundred times the amount of radium that goes down the river in the natural silt, but it's in soluble form in the water so any slight shift of salability in the solids to the solution will have a major effect in the amount of solution. Lake Mead has never been in trouble as far as radium.It's always been way below one people Curie per liter and three is the drinking level. Most of the time Lake Mead's been around three tenths, four tenths people Curie per liter. So whether or not uranium mills did or didn't contribute any quantity or no matter what Mother Nature [contributed] there at Lake Mead there were a few isolated spots. We have one of these at Uravan, Colorado. We have very small streams and the dry weather months, fall and early winter to dilute down an effluence stream so nobody drinks the water, so it gets down to Lake Mead anyway. So not the Public Health Service. This later became under the jurisdiction of Federal Water Quality Administration ---?--- it did good I'm sure. We¥ve learned a lot about the Colorado River, we've helped59
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1to prevent pollution and uranium mills did pay attention to radium and other materials and clammed up, but the survey didn't have quite, maybe didn't have the original, or maybe didn't turn out to have the original justification. We've learned a lot about the salt contents of the rivers. Another thing that'scome to light--and I'm rambling on much too long, right? The tailings. When you dissolve uranium out of the ore about 70 percent of the radioactivity remains in the tailings starting with decay products, thorium 230 down through radium on to the rest of the decay products including radon daughters. We at Carbide felt that we'd better keep the tailings in one location and not spread them around because they had been used in past years a little bit, had gone down the river. A lot of them had gone down the river in the early days. They had been sued evidently for some construction work. We don't know prior to the 1950 period really maybe where they might have been used. Most of them went down the river. They're probably buried in Lake Powell, probably the safest place on earth. They're buried deep and built underneath Lake Powell. That's the best place in the world for them. Jokingly and half seriously I said maybe we ought to every spring shove a bunch of them in the river and60
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1bury a bunch of them. No, excuse me, Lake Powell today and Lake Mead at an earlier date. But that'sjust being a little facetious. I didn't want to see the tailings burn up too. There's radiation there and this of course spreads radiation around in this lake, and second of all 70 percent of the radioactivity there--I think we'll use it. Now people will say the best scientist, the best Newealen scientist, there's just nothing there that useful. The very best scientist in 1935 couldn't use any of this uranium and vanadium when we were mining. Time changes. ---?---C E :RB: Yes, Mr. ---?--- and I don't pretend---?--- where Iwish I was. But anyway I think there is a tremendouspotential energy and we may find some way to use it. CE: In the meantime what are you doing with it?RB: For sometime we didn't do anything with it. We didstart to sprinkle them with sprinkling systems to keep them from blowing around because we could tell that these air fans we put around would increase the uranium once a day. So we have to sprinkle them for a few days. Sometimes a few weeks in the spring in particular we have this sprinkling system. The Public Health Services, the water administration, the AEC all became a little concerned along 1965-66 period,61
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1and there were some hearings in Washington on the Colorado River, the tailings and this whole [deal], in the public records. We felt in Colorado--and there were three companies, four companies at that time mining and processing that we could probably take care of this problem at home. We probably if we went up to the state could come up with some better regulation. I'll bet this sounds a little facetious, but it sometimes fact that fiction and some certain things I'm watching drying off with regulation maybe never ever saw it. Then things do happen. Anyway, we decided to go to the state. We went to the state Health Department. Jaco who over there is a-- incidentally, an early thing of which I've spoken today--he has a great knowledge and has been incidentally involved from the very start.CE: Jaco?RB: Jaco, a P.W. Jaco, director of the Pollution andRadiation---?--- in the state and Health Department in Colorado. He was out selling mines in the late '40s-early ¥sos, so anyway we went to the state---?- -- when history went to the state let's put together some regulation. After a six months' concerted effort we came up with some regulation which ---?--- wethought were reasonable but still got the job done.62
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1CE: Mr. Beverly, would you continue with tailings?RB: All right, we were talking about the state regulationwe thought [what] we put together were good regulations, were flexible because you can't trick other tailing ---?--- the same way. You have to-- there as different locations, some are air country some are country where there's a lot of water, so in some cases it's protocol to cover them up and clap them in other area you could get anything to grow. Mainly we want to prevent them from being scattered around by wind, prevent wind---?--- prevent water-- -?--- too much water ---?--- in this part of the country because its very airy. Not too much rainfall. So then we turned round and had to stabilize our tailings based upon the regulations we had put together. All the mills have done this in the state. This is offered in active tailings piles. This is an active tailings pile. They're all the time building it up, adding new tailings to the pile. So this had to be an active tailing pile. Some companies, the AEC did the first stabilizing jobs with the Monticello, Utah plant. They covered the tailings with about two feet of dirt after leveling them all. They leveledthem off, planted the dirt and then planted them. We've done the same thing with one of our tailing63
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1piles up at Rifle, Colorado. Another we've done a lot of work just planting grass---?--- tailings is long as we are sprinkling water to keep the wind fromflowing it and because Climax Uranium Company had quite good luck here in Grand Junction. I'm piling deragle on the tailings. We stable another pile this way. Another place we took a pile--it was right on a river bank and we threw all the tailings near the river bank, rick-racked the bank with a lock, covered it with earth, then ---?--- two emergency ponds without liquid effluence disposal systems, which give us an emergency pond if something breaks down in our regular water treatment. We still have some to go. Some plants we have been doing some small amount of work on and we still have two piles that have to be stabilized.CE: For instance?RB: We had one up in Maybell, Colorado, currently underleases to another company who'sexperimental work if they found that satisfactory. They'11 probably use the area in the active tailings area, but if they don't and propertyturn out, then we will go ahead and stabilize them. Major jobs because they've got a eighty or ninety acre area to cover up.64doing some work
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1CE: Will you expand on how one goes about stabilizing thecost of it?RB: Well yeah, what we--this one area there was sort ofpiled in unlevel, uneven piles. We went in with bulldozers and leveled this all out. Redozed the side slope. It's a nice gravel side slope. Then we took some drift from hillside that we happened to own and spread six inches of earth which we thought was adequate to plant with. Then we planted this and we have a very fancy water system. Let's see, to figure this very briefly I'd say the average of stabilizing will run to 2000 to 25 hundred dollars an acre, but this is the ---?--- Now we look at this, oh, you might say as a short term, a 50, 100 year, some people are concerned what do you do with this over the long term? Some people propose burying them in the ground. Even rather preposterous things to think about hauling back to the mine. Yeah, the cost would be tremendous because it's scattered all over. This would be practical if the open pit mines were right near your milling operation. This has been done where there were open pit mines. I think it's a pretty good place to put them right now, on top of the ground as long as they're stabilized so that it can't be carried away by wind, air, water. We can observe them65
  ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1and study them to see if there is any affect on nature. Once you put them below ground you have to start worrying about water migrating through them, so I believe that it's adequate to the present time withsome long future date, going to start moving them you know, but you have to remember the amount of material is the same eventually as the amount of ore moved to the mill site. Many, many millions of tons of material, but anyway I think this is where they have been stabilized in this method. Most all the tailings piles now in Colorado have been stabilized. There's one in Gunnison adjacent to an airport that you'd never recognize as a tailing pile. The one down in Durango has all been grassed over, the one at Naturita is covered with dirt planted about what's been done in Colorado. Now I imagine that other states will be following suit and the same pattern in the future. Utah has proposed tailings stabilization regulations which we're waiting for. We have one pile out in Utah we'd like to stabilize but we'd like to see the regulations first. We've been prodding Utah along for about three years. "Why don't you get your regulations out? We want to get our pilescovered up." But again you don't have to do it twice. We do it once and we find out they want two feet of66
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1dirt instead of one foot or something like that. We think that maybe some of them may be reprocessed some day. Some of them still have vandium in them. They're tailings that went through vandium protesting back inthe day when vanadium recovery was not very high and not too efficient recovery, so there is still some vanadium value in some of these tailings. There have been problems largely here in Grand Junction which haven't involved Union Carbide, of the use of tailings for construction material pads under or a pad underneath concrete slabs or back filler around homes. It was discovered back in about 1956 that there were some problems in this area. The radium is still there, the radon is being formed and radon will be in--molecular gas will go right through concrete 1ike as if it wasn't there hardly. This results in some radon daughters at home, most of which have very little concentration, that's some concentration concern. Carbide, since as far back as any of us working here now can remember, we have not released any tailings for construction purposes, and I think maybe I mentioned earlier, maybe some day we'll reprocess them. We did find--CE: Is that primarily why you think they were not released?67
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1RB: Plus the fact it's just not good as I mentionedearlier to spread radiation around. At Uravan we discovered a couple of homes that were built on old vanadium residues tailings that uranium mills had been probably--see, Uravan was the original place where the early radium came from, the gram of radium that the women's clubs--I believe was America, finance, reassessing and giving to Madame Curie came from the Uravan area. Standard Chemical company in 1928, Union Carbide bought the property, we found some homes that were built on these old residues. We found some levels of radon daughters higher than desirable up in the range in one case of four or five working levels, which is not recommended in a mine let alone a home. Uniquely enough one family lived there seventeen years. They are in perfect health butit's entirely a company town and we moved the people immediately. It's relatively easy for us to move people. They didn't want to move because they were living in that home for seventeen years even though their new home was a better home than what they movedout of.CE: How was it discovered?RB: Well, we were, the state started an early '69 studyof individual homes. Around that summer we used one 68
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1of our college students, we made a survey of the whole Uravan housing area. I don't know, maybe a hundred houses, 150 homes and a number of buildings we just made a gamma geiger counter, gamma survey ofall the Uravan housing area and in so doing found a few homes that had some counts around--and we've been able to find old pictures we can see now old tailing residue or whatever they were that we in this area now [call the] Fox Side Home Mill. So then after our first initial survey we went back and took radon daughter samples. Since then we've surveyed all our homes in Uravan. In the wintertime we found in cases quite a high level. We don't think we have much of a problem. It's just a handful of homes, two of which were higher than we thought the people should be living in, so we moved those few people. We will continue to look at that. I think that's a minor problem in that particular location. Well, let's see, should we leave radiation for a little bit and think about air and water pollution and ecology and things like that which are very popular? I guess personally because of all my work with state and government agencies. Sometimes I was also given the duties of all the environmental control for our divisioncorporation, air pollution, water pollution, solid 69
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1waste disposal, improving the environments, landreclamation, mine and land reclamation. We've been concerned about water pollution all the time. We started a program in about, starting back in 1961 at Uravan. Recognizing our plant had nothing to do with radiation, but there's a little activity in the plant, effluence precipitated a little aluminum hydrazide in the river which never hurt anybody but it looked horrible. It was a pea green putrid looking color and we recognized that we had a problem there. We also had the town. It was all in septic tanks, probably one of the early towns they had septic tanks put in when it was built that are outmoded today, so we had a serious sewage problem too. The plant problem seemed to be the primary one. So we went through quite a research investigation of what to do with the three hundred gallons a minute of effluence that was going into the stream [when there] was not sometimes more than 20, 30 times as much water. We built some larger evaporation, percolation ponds. Since then we put in a neutralization plant. After we got the plant problem taken care of then we built a sewage plant and put in a complete sewer system, probably one of the sewer plants that doesn't have federal matching funds because it's all a privately70
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1owned company town. So over the past ten years we've put in a half million dollars of water pollution control at our Uravan plant. We just recentlyfinished a water treatment facility up in the Rifleplant again just because there was a slight turbidityformed right at the spot where the effluence hit theriver. The interstate highway is going to go right bythe plant. You can't see this even though chemicallyyou'd never be able to find it in the large ColoradoRiver. There's a case of a very large . plant. ---?---What you can see looks bad, and so you have got to correct this, so we just corrected that. At the Rifle plant our problem has been air pollution. We built a new plant there in 1958, put in what we thought was good pollution control equipment, found out on the main we have a large rotary kiln a block and a half long and we have a lot of volume of gases corning from this and we put ---?--- system is inadequate. We rebuilt it in 1960, more recent years with somewhat different feed to the mill. We've had a problem of haze forming during a period of inversion. Sampling it amounted to nothing as far as particulate matter. Again it was an aesthetic problem because you could see it. We've spent three years working on this. So $50,000 just on research, a couple of top research71
 ROBERT G. BEVERL Y # 1companies in the country just trying to define problems in ---?---. What is the haze? What causesit? We may never know, although we were just about getting our finger on it. We finally found the answer and the process changes. It'11 cost a quarter of a million dollars more a year for different reagent. But we solved our air pollution problems and this day and age you have to forget about the cost. If it could be done, you just about have to go ahead and doit.CE: You've got no federal funds for any research?RB: In fact quite the contrary, the sewage plant---?---.We pay takes on the sewage plant. We pay taxes on all the equipment, air pollution control equipment. Some people say this is the cost of doing business. It should be taxed. Others say it might be more incentive for industry and people to clean up if you just give them a little tax break. 23, 25 states in the country actually have a write-off or no stateproperty tax on this type of equipment. There is a little incentive now in the federal level, a new tax bill that was passed last year which allowed a five year write-off for pollution control equipment, so this is an advantage. Certainly no federal matching funds. As far as air pollution, I think we must be72
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1good neighbors if we're going to sell Eveready Batteries to people or Glad Bags or the Wisk you buyand so forth. We've got to have the public looking it up though with a--got to have the public look at us with a good impression, and we want to be good neighbors. Throughout the country this is one of our efforts, and it's my job to see that all our plants and division--and this involved about eight plants insix states, but we are good neighbors.CE: I wonder whether you were working just in thisdivision.RB: No, I line up all the way from New York, Arkansas,California and am trying to see that we get our job done everywhere. Some of the more recent things we've been working on, others are more and more concerned about solid waste disposal. In the mining industry, particularly open pit mining, they use large waste piles. These can be very unsightly. Thus far throughout the West most of ours are often very remote areas, but you never know when they're going to build an interstate highway tomorrow. What plane routes are going to go over your plant--we're trying to utilize this common sense. We've been doing a lot of work with Colorado State University, some of theirbiologists, people specializing in plants. I've 73
  ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1forgotten the term now, people, plant life, to workwith us and how to replant a waste pile where you get too many, you strip ten times as much material as you mined down at the bottom of this hole in the ground you see. So you have these large waste piles and it's just not at all practical to fill the holes up. If you can hope the holes will fill up with water maybe have a recreation place for the ducks to land or a duck hunting area keep the side slopes not to steep, planting, studying what will grow on them over the years, saving topsoil so we can go back in. Material dug out of the ground eighty feet down doesn't have much food value where the top two feet does. See, you always want to save the topsoil. A little topsoil put back on will do wonders. We're planting trees. Down in Arkansas we have a plant. We have 60" of rainfall and things just grow like mad, and it was very interesting to see pictures. We have of areas which three years ago were bare and rocky waste and we planted. We didn't have to water, of course. The first year it was knee high and the second year waist high and after that shoulder high grass. Trees will grow four feet in one year, pine trees, so it all was most pleasant to plan reclamation projects inplaces like that.74
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1CE: Where?RB: This happened to be just south of Hot Springs,Arkansas. As I say, the water helps it a lot. You can't use the same methods as reclaiming waste piles as you let's say out in Utah were the rain is maybe four, six inches. I've been to several industries down in the University of Arizona meeting on mining and ecology and an arid environment. It's interestingto see what the copper companies are doing down there. Planting original vegetation types, the original type that grows there, cactus, what have you. In planting something in South Africa I think also we did have much that could grow here, but just because they were never planted. I think the miningindustry as a whole is taking a greater interest and must do so in this day of concern over the environment. One of the best examples is the project Climax Molybdenum had. They actually had a group of ecologists come in and very early start planning a whole project on how to minimize ecological effects on environment to build a huge very large mine and plant tailing piles and everything right in the heart of the front range of Colorado not too far from Denver. I think it will be so well-hidden and so welltaken care of I think people will be amazed. So I 75
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1think this is something we must do and have to do for this reason; I think we have to take part in all kinds of work with the public. I think it's a sense of duty that I feel industry must have that I accepted this stuff. A couple of months ago a job owner in Colorado Air Pollution Control Commission-- which takes maybe twenty-five percent of my time, butif I contribute I'm happy to do so. More and more mining Union Carbide has taken more a reverse where 10, 12 years ago it actually discouraged employees to involve themselves in school boards and practice and government things, whereas today where there's nothing but encouragement to. They have courses on how to involve yourself with the precinct level and politics, get involved with the school system, take part in the community life and certainly the environment and ecology. We went all out on Earth Day, April 14th, throughout the country wherever we wanted. Ask me, one of the busiest days I've had in years. But anyway, I think this is good and a must. Well we're running down. Do you have some questions?CE: I have one question in regard to this: pollution control and private industry. Do you think private industry can do this? You surely have the position tomake a judgement like that. 76
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1RB: Can private industry do what? I didn't quiteunderstand.CE: Control pollution, or will it ultimately be done on afederal level?RB: No, I think it has to be done, and it is being done.I'm not trying to duck the fact that industry still has a lot to do. our major pollution problems across the country are sewage. We still have many people that are dumping raw sewage in our rivers and we've got to get into primary treatment, secondary treatment. Colorado was fortunate, in fact that whole population on secondary treatment can do our part of the country. In the elder part of the country thesewer systems are inadequate sewage treatment sometimes. Private industry has to do their part. Now the public pays for it one way or another. Some people feel there's a great white father in Union Carbide office in New York that writes these checks out. People own Union Carbide, a few people anyway. The country owns it, and when we spend this money which we must spend it either results in somewhat higher prices in a product--and many of our products are in quite close competition with foreign imports so it may not show up in the product you buy. So if it winds up in less---?--- less income before there77
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1be mutual funds in the credit union done realize they have a lot of stock. Maybe they don't own stock personally, but their mutual funds, credit fundd havesomething like this. So the American public doesn't pay for it all. We've decided that they want to have a better environment and we've chosen as a public to I think pay for them. So you and I are going to pay for it. The sewage system government control [followed] back, of course we pay for [it as] taxpayers. So you and I buy for all, but as I say we've chosen to want a better environment. Pure air we must protect and water a---?--- recently didn't need that so, to answer your question I think industry has to do this. There is industry that is going out of business every day. There are plants closing down and being shut down by regulatory agencies, in particular in air pollution because it's an old obsolete plant that just doesn't have enough in a financial picture to justify putting on the millions of dollars for air pollution because it [is a] very expensive electric plant that our company has. There [are] really problems involved in insolation [which took a] year, year and a half to put in. Once we were just shutting down because-- producing material at a more up-to-date---?--- and78
 ROBER T G . BEVERL Y # 1more where we can just get--requires long and hard at the financial aspect of this. I think in twenty years we'll look back at this as saying, "Remember the time we thought that we could even think of building aplant and putting out any smoke," because I think any more you'11 have to have no smoke with no visible mention.CE: You're located here primarily because most of the pollution problem is located in this area.RB: That's about the truth, see this radiation in the last few years thing is about half my work pollution control, all very part across the country. The other half is a big primary work with state and federal agencies. [I'm] hoping [they'll] come through and come up with regulations that are practical and will get the job done and will not go way off the defence and at the same time very sensible location.CE: You mentioned prior to our recording what I thought was very interesting: you did a study for the state ---?--- of Arkansas. Would [you] dwell on that for a moment?RB: Well, as all states during the last few years it was a result of the Clean Air Act in 1967. They have put together air pollution regulation coded. The state ofArkansas asked Dion's to come in and write their code 79
 ROBERT G . BEVERL Y # 1because each one of us was in some special field; onein the wood products field, one in mining business (myself), one in the cement business, refining business, one fellow---?--- company--all would have some knowledge somewhere along the field. We spent a couple of years meeting about every two years for a day or two at someplace interesting enough. Of the nine of us only two were located in Arkansas and the other seven were out of Arkansas. So we made other places in the country in the central [part] a location and we---?--- I'll say stolen from various codes around the country. We went through the betterparts of the a little bit of the Pennsylvania code, some from South Carolina, a lot from Texas. The code we came up with what we thought a year ago is the ideal air pollution code. It was quite--industry people to come in and help write the code because we recognize if we bent over backwards availing a code or favor industry they wouldn't pay any attention and air would never be ---?--- I think just another example where you've got to be relaxed and get thejob done, the world cleaned up.CE: But is the state of Arkansas accepting it?RB: Well he didn't--to be very frank, it was too sophisticated in the code and [it was] a limited80
 ROBERT G. BEVERLY #1staff, and this probably took a bigger staff, a more complex fire department such as Pennsylvania and taxes. It was based upon the land used. They wanted to have done a code that can cover all of Arkansas. A thought we all came through, we determined that thecode would be easy to ---?--- the more you put in black and white the fewer divisions you left for some fellow out on weather or not to here shut this plant down. The more they had to back him up. Black andwhite is the code, and the less decisions he [had to] make the better spot he'd be in. Oh they became more sophisticated as they will go in all states. It could be quite a science today.CE: Yeah, was there anything further you forgot of Union Carbide and it's contribution in these two areas that you would like to expand upon?RB: No, I think we've pretty well---?--- anybody who has the patience to listen to all this tape will be ready for a lunch break or some kind of a break at this time. I think briefly in some the best things. The best way I could say it would concern the health of employees. We're concerned about the people aroundus. Above all we don't want to hurt them. We don't even want to bother them in any way.[END OF INTERVIEW] 81