 CHESTER MARTIN Grand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngelUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-170July 23, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 23. 1970Tape #1:First Jobs With Union Carbide . . . Union Carbide and the Atomic Bomb Peacetime Uses of Atomic Energy Pollution and Initiatives. Government Compensation. AECBonuses......Economic Ups and Downs.169 . 11 . 15 . ¥ . ¥ . ¥ 18 2024 ¥ 27 ¥ ¥ 31 ¥ 35 41 43 . 4851¥ ¥ 54 ¥ ¥ 57 ¥ 62 66 68small Miners Investments. Competition. Contract miners Safety......Old Pictures ..... .The School and the Mill .The Historical Record.Camp Layout and Entertainment Unions and Management.Housing and Roads ..... . Layoffs ...... . Cost of Maintaining Uravan . . .
 Company Benefits . . 70 Company Holdings. 77 Problems ..... 79
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH CHESTER MARTIN, LAND MANAGER, MINING AND MET ALS D I V I S I O N , UNION CARBIDE C O R P O R A T I O N , CONDUCTED BY CL A RE ENGEL A T MR. M A R T I N ' S OFFICE IN GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO, ON JULY 23, 1970. THIS INTERVIEW WAS CONDUCTED FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY PROJECT .[TAPE #1.]CE: Thank you very much, Mr. Martin, for taking the time to talk with me today. I appreciate the wonderful reception I have received here at Union Carbide. Before we talk about your specific area, I would like first to ask you where you were born, raised and educated?CM: Well, I was born in Warren County, Indiana. At about the age of 5, I moved to Attica, Indiana. And spent my school years in A ttica, graduating from A ttica High School. Beyond that, as far as education is concerned, I have taken several special courses, none of them for credit towards a college degree, which I have continued to take up until as recently as the past two years. I have continued to take courses related to my job. That's about the extent of my formal education.CE: Well, would you chronologically develop your relation to Union Carbide as well as what you did prior to that?CM: Well, after graduating, I left Attica, Indiana, and moved to Hammond, Indiana, where I was employed for a short time at a second-hand furniture store. Then I began work for Hershback Motor Corporation, a Ford
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1Dealer, as a clerk. In that job I acted as a stenographer and clerk and bookkeeper and accountant. Over 5 years time, I became assistant to the general manager and I was in charge of bookkeeping and accounting for the firm. Then I accepted employment in 1940, on November 11, 1940 with Union Carbide in East Chicago, Indiana. I worked there as a stenographer to a construction superintendent who was engaged in the construction of a new tonnage oxygen plant for the Lindy division of Union Carbide Corporation. I worked for him about 6 months, at which time the plant was completed. The superintendent who had been named to take over the operation of that plant asked me to move into the new plant as a clerk. So I was the first clerk installed in the new plant in its breakdown test period. Then after about a year at that plant, where I learned much of the elementary corporation accounting procedures--because we were only handling the first phases of it, the rest of the accounting was done in the Chicago office [and] in New York. The superintendent of that plant was placed in charge of a secret plant for production of the first synthetic sapphire, a material that was developed in the UnitedStates. Our Lindy division had developed the method 2
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1of manufacturing this synthetic sapphire in the Tanawanda, New York laboratories, and they decided to build this production plant at East Chicago, in the garage of the old plant which was then being abandoned for oxygen production, because it would be close to the supply of oxygen from the tonnage oxygen plant and also within reasonable trucking distance of hydrogen from the Whiting, Indiana plant of the corporation. I worked in this secret sapphire production plant for about a year and I moved to Tanawanda, New York, to work in a uranium treatment plant there. At that time this was also classified as secret. Much of the material that was used in the first atomic bomb was produced, as I understand it, in the Tanawanda plant, as well as a few other plants operated throughout the country. There were several carloads of ore that were shipped from the Colorado plateau to Tanawanda. We also processed imported uranium form the Congo in Africa. It was received in small 30 gallon containers. If you can imagine shipping all of this by boat to this country and then unloading and shipping this by railroad to Tanawanda for further treatment. Then we shipped it somewhereelse, of course, for further refinement, before it finally got to Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and then was3
 CHESTER MARTIN #1made into material for use in the atomic bomb. In 1943 I went to Tanawanda, and in 1946 we had begun to shut down the operation there. Due to my experiencein the uranium accounting at that location, I was transferred to Grand Junction, Colorado, to work as chief accountant and later as head of manufacturing office and later as manager of accounting and finance for the Grand Junction, Colorado, Plateau Operations, which included operations at Rifle, Colorado, and Uravan, Colorado at that time. Although the Uravan, Colorado, plant had been deactivated in October or November of 1945, and I came here in March, 1946, to Grand Junction. I was here until 1954, when I transferred to the New York office and worked in the plant accounting department, as still handling the accounting, that is, responsible for directing the accounting for the plateau operations, as well as assisting in accounting and administrative work for the mining and metals division of the corporation with operations at various places in the United States. I did quite a bit of traveling when I was in New York. We'd visit Colorado as much as 3 or 4 times a year, spending approximately 3 weeks every time. Then in 1957, it was decided to reconsolidate theoffices which had been moved from Grand Junction. A 4
 CHESTER MARTIN #1separate accounting department had been established at Rifle, Colorado, and at Uravan, Colorado, during the time I was in New York. When I came back in June of 1957, we again reconsolidated the office and in 1958 we built a new office at the present site and moved out here. I remained in charge of accounting until 1964, in December, at which time I became land manager for the plateau operations. I'm in that present position as of this date. That land managerjob description is a little misleading in that I handle a number of other things rather than simply land management. My principal duty of course, is acquisition of mineral properties, either through lease or through purchase. I also handle follow-up payments to see to it that annual rental payments, royalty payments, service damage payments are properly made in accordance with the agreements. I constantly follow up to see that properties which have proven to be unsatisfactory for possible future development are abandoned or quick-claimed back to the less ---?--- and we look after the recording of annual assessment work on located claims which we have under our control. In addition to this I handle publicity, public relations, I handle loans to employees when they need loans for purchasing of5
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1housing at this location, if they transfer in from some other location. Under our housing program the transferred employee is offered the value of his house plus capital improvements, and the value based on his original cost, plus any capital improvements he has made since he moved into the property. We offer that much to him as a floor. If he's able tosell his house for more than that, of course, that's to his good fortune, but at least he will not lose any money. Then if we do purchase the house it is my job to list it with a realtor and follow through and see that it is sold at the best possible price. I handle a number of other iterns, there are just so many little things I wouldn't attempt to list those, but those are my principal duties; I believe that covers what we are talking about.CE: Tell me about the Lindy air-products days. I read in ---?--- and Anderson's The New World-The Atomic Energy Commission--have you seen that book? Do you know what I am referring to?CM: No, I haven't.CE: About the Union Carbide Lindy Air products division'scontribution during the early 40's in preparation forthe production of the atomic bomb.CM: Well, we, of course built . this plant in Tanawanda,6
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1New York, adjacent to the existing laboratories where much of the development work was done on the processing of uranium extraction. We have a very highly sophisticated group of scientists located at that laboratory in Tanawanda, New York. They have been instrumental in developing many many things that are presently marketed by the corporation. Theirexpertise was used in the development of the process along with much work done by the government. The actual details of the processing were so carefully guarded at that time that even we people who were in the company really didn't know exactly what the whole story was. I would say that the entire energy program under the Manhattan Engineering District was the best kept secret of anything that I have ever heard of in the entire history of the world because people that were working right there on the property hadn't the least idea in many cases what the material that we were producing was to even to be used for. It was carefully guarded by each individual person so that nobody really told anything that he didn't have to tell. Then, of course, we operated the Oak Ridge, Tennessee [plant] and also presently operate the Meducka, Kentucky, plant for the enrichment of the uranium into the final stages either for fuel for7
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1electrical energy production or for atomic bomb usage. As far as the technicalities of the processing, as I say I knew very little about it. I knew just enough about it for the costing, but as far as what the end-use was, we shipped it to another party. we had no idea what they did to it or what became of it in the final end. Probably 2 or 3 people at the top-management level knew all of this, but it certainly wasn't passed down to the rest of us, even though a number of us had secret clearance. It was kept just closely enough that there wasn't any more danger of it leaking out than absolutely necessary. We knew just as much as we needed to know to do our job. That is another phase of what I used to handle; there's very little of it anymore, that is the security clearance of personnel during the time when people had to be classified for either access to the secret or various forms of the classified material. None of the material that we have now-days is classified any longer, so we have no security work tobe done.CE: Well, Union Carbide, I think is the only originalcontractor who still maintains one of its facilities, the Oak Ridge facility. G.E. or Dupont was the original contractor in Hanford, right?8
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1CM: That is right. We have been in, I'm not even sure howmany years that we have been in, but it's way back in the early days of the Oak Ridge. Then we finally took this Meducka plant over too, which I believe had been in the hands of another contractor, and we continued over the years to operate both facilities. From that, of course, we have developed a number of well- qualified people in the field of atomic energy.CE: How does Union Carbide use atomic energy for domestic or peacetime uses?CM: Well, our only direct use of it at the present time, we have a nuclear division. We used to be a part of the nuclear division, but that has since been changed and we have now become the mining and metal division. They have limited the nuclear division to the facilities at Sterling Forest, New York, which has a reactor where we take the uranium fuel from uranium elements and we treat various elements such as iodine and other material and make them radioactive. These are called radioisotopes and these are furnished tohospitals and laboratories for experimental work and medical treatment and many purposes like this. They are used as tracers through the body and they are deposited in various organs. Iodine is particularly valuable because it is deposited in the thyroid and9
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1they use this as a means for checking to determine the flow of this radioactive material through the system and how rapidly it is acquired into the thyroid gland and so on.CE: Diagnostic purposes.CM: Yes, and there are uses for radio-isotopes inindustrial purposes also. This I'm not too familiar with, but in testing metals and this sort of thing. That's the only direct use that I know of that we have. Of course, we're selling uranium oxide to electrical generating companies for further enrichment at the Oak Ridge plant, and it eventually becomes a fuel cell for the electrical generating plants that are now being built. This, of course, has come along more slowly than had been anticipated and that's what has partially caused a slow-down in the uranium program at the present time. But I think that this is only a slow-down and that over a period of years that this is going to totally grow. With the increasing problem of pollution from the organic fuels it's just one of those things that it seems to me like we are going to the fossil fuels, such as coal. It seems that this is going to be a natural result and that they are going to have to use moreuranium. It has its problems in that you do have some 10
 CHESTER MARTIN #1danger of emissions, but these I'm sure can be controlled through proper control measures. That seems to be a good solution to the pollution problem.CE: I have had the opportunity to talk to a physicist and my brother-in-law who's a chemist with many years experience, and both of them have said that the radiation problem is nil if the proper precautions are taken. They think too, that this is alternately, but the problem is the extent now, isn't it?CM: That's right. It's a matter of economics. But again what is the public willing to pay ? What is the public going to have to pay, let's say, not willingly? What must we pay for the cleaning up of our atmosphere in order to stop the pollution that has gradually grown over the years from many, manysources? It seems like we don't have much choice but to go to something that, regardless of whatever source it may be: automobiles, burning trash, or burning of coal for heating or lighting or anything else, if there is a way you can do something different to reduce the pollution, I think we may have to do it, even though it is more expensive in the long run. There is only a limited amount of good clean air and water and so on and we just have to preserve whatever we do have. Of course, as you know11
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1by talking to our radiationwe' re deeply concerned aboutand are doing everything we can and we have throughout the corporation. This is one of the goals that our president set at the last stockholders' meeting, that we were going to do whatever is necessary to control pollution to the greatest extent possible in any of our operations, and I'm sure we will. We're the one, I'm sure Mr. Beverly told you that we were the first one in the Colorado area under the pollution control laws to go in prior to the end of a variance period. We had been granted to clean up the pollution problem of the air in---?---. Before the end of our time we went in to voluntarily ask for the lifting of this variance. It was not as easy asit might sound. Now somebody might think, "Well, you drug your feet for 12 years while this was happening." But we had experts in there. We spent many thousands of dollars in attempting to find the cause of this pollution and what you should do to correct it. Finally, we had to change our entire process, go to a much more expensive process, discontinue the processing of uranium by the end of this year and go strictly to the treatment of vanadium at that particular location in order to12and pollution expert, the problem ourselves
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1solve the problem. But this is the length that we will go to in order to cure it. It's something that has to be impressed upon the public, that everybody clamors for these improvements, but they must realize that they are the ones in the long run that will have to pass this cost on the customer, so the public will be paying the bill. So they've got to think about this when they demand certain things be done to clean up the air, the water, the atmosphere and so on.CE: Well, of course, you are conscious of the radiation problem and of pollution problem and the area in which I live, we're very conscious of the smog problem. So each area has it's own problem and I wonder, do you think that private industry can take care of this, can resolve this problem or will it have to be something--a big federally-funded project such as the space program?CM: Well, this is something that I don't know that anybody knows the real answer to this. My feeling is that some things I think industry can do and should do and will do themselves, for instance, the burning of old automobiles to rid themselves of the plastics, and the fabrics and this sort of thing in order tomake the scraps sellable to steel mills. Well, I think, that in those cases probably the steel mills13
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1will be the ones that will have to adapt themselves to accepting some of these impurities. We will have to learn to recycle many of these materials, such as the scrap in automobiles, simply to get rid of them.I think that other things have gotten so big. Let's take for example the problem that we've inherited, let's say, from ages past, of some of the strip- mining practices back in the east where they complain about it in the Appalachian regions. I think that this is something that no one industry is going to be able to go in there. The people that are operating now can't be expected to go back and clean up what some previous industry members have ---?--- and nobody said anything about it at the time. They were not able to add anything on to their cost to take care of this, so the industry shouldn't be expected to take care of the problems that were created in the past. I think that this type of thing will have to be a Federal program of some kind or at least state programs. Other things, where you're creating aproduct currently, it seems to me like the only way you can do this is to say, "Well, in order to produce this product at--under conditions that are safe for the public then you will have to end up adding on the cost of the product, whatever it takes to create the14
 CHESTER MARTIN #1product and still make a profit that will entice people to invest their money in the plant facilities to produce the product." So I think that there are different situations. I don't think there is any oneanswer to the whole thing at all.CE: But government funds seem necessary, don't they?CM: Some government funds, I don't think that there isany doubt that eventually certain problems will have to be solved by the government. Well, that's the reason that the government was created. The basic reason for having a federal government is only to do those things which the local governments are not able to do for themselves. Where you have something that has been created, let's take the example of the uranium problem here, where miners are dying because of cancer that is created or is believed to have been created by their exposure to radiation in their early days when they were mining uranium. Well, the only reason that uranium was mined in the first place was for the protection of the United States and all its citizens. We basically got into it to produce an atomic bomb. So, it doesn't make since now that you would penalize say the State of Colorado, for example, by making its state compensation system and the people that are now contributing to that fund15
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1stand the expense of these many, many miners that are dying and are entitled to a substantial settlement to their families. It wouldn't make sense to deplete the fund and to then burden the small area when the benefit was gained some 25 years ago, when they created the atomic bomb for the benefit of all the people that were living at that time. Yet there was nothing handed into the price that was paid to the people that produced the products at the government'srequest with which to pay these settlements now to the people that were engaged these many years ago. I think that this is something that the federal government should do and they have already got an act, of course, that provides for this. Much the same as they have this black-1ung case, where the coal miners that were exposed over the past years, they're eligible for benefits under the social security program as I understand it, or at least under some act that's being administered through the social security offices, to compensate the families of people who are dying or at least who are unable to wok because of this black-lung from working in the coal mine. Again this is a case of where the peoplebenefitted from this many years ago. All you can do now is to share this burden among all of us residents16
 CHESTER MARTIN #1of the United States, whose forefathers really are the ones who got the benefits from the work that these men did, but yet they weren't protected because nobody knew about it. They didn't know enough about how to protect them, see. So this is where I thinkfederal money will have to be spent, to correct some of these problems or to take care of the people who were injured by these situations which the government didn't know, industry didn't know, nobody knew. If we did know, as soon as we knew, we certainly took steps, at least our company did. We began to take steps with every bit of information we learned about the additional danger. We took whatever steps we could, we're constantly working on it. I think we have one of the best, if not the best safety program in this respect. We've worked closer with the governments, the states and the federal people. We have more--well, I don't say that we have more qualified, but we have as qualified of people as other outfits working on this problem. We're more than willing to cooperate with any governmental agency in solving the problems. I'm sure that the governmental agencies would verify that statement too.CE: Tell me about the Union Carbide USC division on the 17
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1plateau during the '40s, wouldn't you?CM: Yes. I came here in March of 1946. There was a period of time when the things were rather slow. There was no program for the procurement of uranium for the government purposes. We'd already closed down the Uravan operations in late '45. Until 1948 there was no exploration or mining activity on the Colorado plateau worthy of note, you might say. Not until the Atomic Energy Commission was created in 1947, and it got under way, they did start an extensive procurement program and encouraged private industry to get out and explore. They paid a bonus for discovery of certain grades of ore. They had a procurement program where you were guaranteed a market for ore if you did find it. I think that this is one of the best examples of the value of encouraging private industry to do a job, rather than setting up governmental agencies to do it. Now, the Atomic Energy Commission has served a good purpose. I don't mean to say that this should not have been done at all, but instead of going out and getting into the exploration and mining business themselves, I think that they get the best results by encouraging the independent mining persons and companies to get in there. With the promised reward you went out on the18
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1public domain and you could explore for ore, you could locate a claim, you could mine it and get the benefits of it. There's been pressure brought to bearin recent years of course, after this study of the Public Land Law Review Commission has just been completed this past June. It cost us some $7,000,000. Many of the members of the commission felt that the location system for minerals should be discontinued, but there were enough members that believed that the system that had been in existence since 1872 is really the basic law under which we locate mining claims and that is still in effect. It has some things that need to be updated, there's no question about that, but it has served very well for over a century to supply the United States with all the minerals that it has needed in abundance. In competition with foreign imports we've done very well. I think that it has done well because of the rewarding people who are willing to spend their time and energy and money in exploring for these minerals, taking their chances. You need something that if a man takes his chance he may go broke, but if he finds something he's entitled to it. He's taken all the risk in the first place. Well, several people feel that any mineral should be under a leasing system.19
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1Well, all you can do there is to turn around and add this cost of the lease back into the cost of the public. So I think that it is in the public interest to encourage these people to go out and risk their money in exploration so that you can keep on producing the minerals that we need in this country. Now, in the 1 48 period is when things began to really pick up. At the height of the uranium boom we had as many as--not we, but I mean that there were about 900 mines on the Colorado Plateau in operation. There were some 4000 people, we estimate, engaged in exploring, mining and processing uranium and vanadium ores. There's been, the mining business has always been an up-and-down proposition, of course. During much of this time when things were quite slow here,frankly, we were in a rather poor position because we had lots of vanadium sitting around all over the world. We couldn't sell it, it was stacked up in warehouses and ports and so on. But fortunately, during that time our operation for tungsten and molybdenum out in Bishop, California, was doing well. So that carried us along during that time. Then later on, their sales dropped off and ours got good, so we carried them along. This is another advantage of being an integrated company this way, you can sort of20
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1ride these periods and stay in business and actually operate at a loss at some locations you might say, and keep people employed and wait until economic conditions improve to where you are able to carry on and pick-up again. This is what happened with us. Fortunately, in the '48-'49 period things picked-up so we began to rehabilitate our Uravan plant. In '53,'54, '55, we expanded the plant and, let's see, in the late '50s and in the 1960s, the early '60s, significant new uranium discoveries were made in the Ambrosia Lake district of New Mexico and the Lisbon Valley of Utah. Then we got involved in the gas hills up in Wyoming. Production from these areas, plus foreign purchase commitments made it apparent to the AEC that they were fast approaching an oversupply situation. They then got busy and encouraged people to stretch out a longer period of the time and keep the industry alive. You know, you get into the mining game and you just can't shut it off and turn it on when you want to. You get a mine operating, let's say you've got water in the mine, if you quit pumping and operating there, the mine fills with water. Thiscauses the mine to deteriorate and your timber and your pipe and your rail are buried and everything is certainly not being improved by conditions like that.21
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1Then when you need this material again it's very, very costly to go back in and put that mine back into operation. Much of the reserves that were in this area might have been lost because of the fact that when you found these ores up in the Gas Hill areas of Wyoming, they are open-pit mining operations and naturally can be mined much cheaper. Now the gradesare a little lower, but still in competition with underground mining they can produce ore at a much cheaper rate than we can produce it underground down here of a little higher grade. So the AEC was wise in trying to keep the industry alive during this period of time by asking the contractors if they wouldn't like to stretch out and instead of delivering the material they had left to deliver between '64 and '66 in 2 years, they would stretch this out over a 4- year period of time. By doing this they would be allowed to ship an amount equivalent to the amount that was deferred into the last 2 years over the next 2 years, '69 and '70, at a reduced price. This has proven to be a good idea, because we have remained in operation, although unfortunately one of our competitors was only able to stay in operation upuntil March or so of this year. CE: Vanadium Corporation of America?22
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1CM: Well, I was thinking of Climax over here.CE: Oh, Climax.CM: And VCA, Vanadium Corporation had given up the ghostearlier than that. CE: About '67?CM: No, they, I think they were longer than that. I'm not sure what year they discontinued operation. They merged with Foote Mineral and then they did close down their last plant in the last 2 or 3 years. I'm not sure when. Again, now they got preserves in the ground and perhaps someday they will be mined. We've been attempting .to work out something with them to see if we couldn't mine them. We've still got 2 mills operating that could produce the materials and we could do it cheaper now than it'll ever come out in the future, I know that.CE: Those two mills are Rifle and Uravan?CM: And Uravan, right. From the standpoint of theeventual good to the public, I feel the best thing that could happen would be if we could mine out the Foote reserves and the Climax reserves and the reserves that are withdrawn by the Atomic Energy Commission and are just being held. I think that while we have mills here and at Moab, Utah, that could process these, that now would be the best time23
 CHESTER MARTIN #1to do it. Whether this will be done this winter or not we don't know.CE: When will that be determined?CM: Well, we have been negotiating and attempting to workout something with these companies. The Atomic Energy Commission said that as far as the reserves that they have held back, they expect to come out with a proposal about September or October of this year. This probably means somewhere around the end of the year before anything concrete will come out. It's expected that these blocks that they have held up will be offered to bidders on some basis such as a bonus at the front end, plus a royalty. I think that probably [will be] based on the amount of knowledge that they're able to give the bidders as to the reserves that are available. Some of them are well- explored, some of them probably not so well- explored. Based on what they know and can tell the bidders about the reserves that are anticipated to be found there, this will have a lot to do with how much money they are able to get for the bonus at the beginning and how much royalty. I would kind of guess that they might name a royalty that they would expect and then it might be based on a bonus in advance to that, although this is simply guessing because I24
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1don't know. But they do want to protect the individual miner or the small company against larger companies 1ike ours, of course, which I think is right and I'm sure they intend to do this. The front end bonus is not really the best way for these peopleeither, because it's hard for those people to raise this kind of money. So I think in the long-run that the best way for those people would be to let them bid on what kind of royalty they can afford to pay. I suppose the AEC has and will consider all of these various angles and will try to come up with something that will protect the small miner and theintermediate size as well as the large companies. But it takes a lot of money nowdays to operate any of these. What they want to do is to eliminate what they refer to as the taxi-cab miner who is some fellow who comes out of the city thinking here is a chance to make a killing, so he comes out and makes a big bid on this. Then he simply sits there until somebody comes along who is willing to offer him an override on this thing to pay him for his foresight in this inpicking it up; holding it until somebody's willing topay through the nose to get it.CE: Did that happen a lot during the '50s, during theboom?25
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1CM: Well, you should have been here during this boomperiod time when you sit in the Court Hotel Lobby, which, of course is no longer there, but it started out where people would be talking in terms of $5,000 for a property. But before the boom was over with nobody ever talked in less than about $500,000 or $1,000,000. You know, everybody thought his property was really a great prospect. A lot of them had never even been out to see the property but they just hiredsomebody to go out and stick up some stakes and recorded a claim. So they'd come back in and open these claims to somebody. But there were many people who came out--and you hear about the Vernon Picks and the Charlie Steens and the few people like this who made a fortune.the many thousands of people that came out here and gave up good jobs, invested money in equipment that somebody told them would find uranium, in Jeeps, camping equipment, and spent several months out here, looking around and trying to find it and went back home broke and probably will be paying for that experience for the rest of their lives. And the many penny-stocks that were started over this period ofCooper.CE:CM: But I don't think that you really have heard about26
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1time that people bought into and I doubt very much if many of them ever really paid off anything at all.CE: I talked with a man in Huntington Beach about a month ago. He worked at the Hanford plant for about 18 years, first with DuPont and then G.E. He told me that he bought a bushel basket full of stock during the boom years and I thought he was being facetious. Well, he showed me the box and it was a box-full that would make a bushel basket-full, I'm sure. He's never sold any of it and he said that just recently that many of the companies whose stocks he'd bought are consolidating, and these stocks are becoming quite valuable.CM: Is that right? Well, I hope he does well on it.CE: In fact, he was encouraging me to invest in mineral and mining stocks. He said this is the thing now tobecome involved in.CM: Well, it's true if you know what ones to becomeinvolved in, but you can look at some of these and see the--well, Kent Resources for example, you read about in the paper when they've asked Mr. King to resign from the board of directors of this bank. Well, not too long ago I read in the Denver paper a glowing account of his accomplishments and the vast resources of the Kent Resources Company, and you27
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1would think, you know, "Well, that'd be a good outfit." You sure wish you had some of it. But you wonder when they're in the precarious position they must be in to be borrowing so much money that he's been asked to resign because they're afraid the criticism will be directed at the bank because he hada loan with the bank with I guess; it's an unsecured loan and he has a loan from a number of other locations. So it's something that unless you know enough about what is really a good substantial company, this is about as risky as anything I can think of, to put money into a particular stock simply because it is a mineral stock or a mining company stock, because there are good ones and there are bad ones. I wouldn't know myself who to recommend to, because some of them are--well, they're merging all the time, and sometimes these mergers are beneficial but a lot of them are simply to try to get some more cash together to pick up the lose ends of where they're already in debt and get just a few more months of operating time to see if they can find the bonanza and make a fortune. Maybe they'll make it and maybe they won't, and then they're worse off and thenyou've lost all your money. I don't really know. But a man like that that has done much investment, he28
 CHESTER MARTIN #1might know, he might be able to give you some good advice. Of course, my money is in Union Carbide Stockand I hope someday that it turns out to be really valuable, but just like every other stock at the moment, it's down. I do feel that we have a good future, and that in the period of time that I need itfor retirement I'm hoping that it'll come back up and be a good producer. I couldn't really comment on investments in mining because it's something--there are many mining companies that are good, they have a good foundation, they've got good operating policies, they got properties. But there are many small companies that are simply promoters and it's pretty hard to sort them out unless you follow them very closely.CE: Did you find that there were a lot of people during the boom years that were investing in a precarious manner, net studying perspectus?CM: Oh, I'm sure that many people that had no experience whatsoever--well, in fact many companies that were started, they were so small that there was nothing to write a perspectus about, really. All it was was they were raising money and they were going out and starting exploring. There wasn't really much to offer. Some men made real good money on this. Now29
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1like, there were a few businessmen here in Grand Junction, probably 8 or 10 people, lawyers, business professional people, that put money into Trace Elements Corporation. Well, these people had found this anomaly up in Moffat County up here, near Craig, Colorado. Then Union Carbide bought out this trace element corporation and then eventually merged itCE:into the company. We operated it a while as Trace Elements Corporation and then eventually merged it into Union Carbide. But those men for a few thousand dollars a piece that they put into it in the beginning, I'm sure made a real nice return on theirinvestment. They were among the fortunate ones that it did pan out. They sold to a responsible outfit that did have the cash to lay on the line to pay them off. Of course, people like Charlie Steen--and he did not have the entire ownership of this property he had, other people had money in it too. So there were people that made money off of it and probably they saved theirs and did pretty well with that. So there's been a lot of money made in it and there's still a lot of money to be made in minerals andmining companies, there's no doubt about that.How was Union Carbide affected by the fact that there were many other big companies that came onto the30
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1plateau during the boom years?CM: Well, naturally, you're affected in the labor market for one thing. As you get more operators, the labor situation becomes tighter, but it also attracts a larger number of people to the area. So in a way you attract people that work at one company and they may become disenchanted with some of their policies or they don't like a particular supervisor that they had or something, so they're always looking to another place for employment. So it was not really too bad. We've always paid a fair wage and we had good, excellent employee plans. So, we've never really had any problem in getting enough people to work.CE: What about the land? Since you're involved in it.CM: Well, that became rather tough, and in the past 5 years, since about '65, we went into a program in the Edgar Plains area. For the first few months, we and another company, this Chapman and Moorhouse, we were engaged in leasing lands and we got along. We would see each other and we'd know where they were working and they'd know where we were working and we both would go out and deal on practically the same basis and we got along fine. But then some of the oil companies started coming in and they were used to offering for oil lands, while we were offering $2,31
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1something like this, those people were used to offering $10 for the privilege of coming on to explore. Well, this made it harder on us, of course, but we still felt that we had enough to offer in that we had plants that were operating. We'd been here for over 4O years and always treated people fairly. We had a good reputation. We had more reason to get their land and produce from it than someone else who had no mill. They were coming in sort of as speculators, even though they were large, responsible oil companies, and other companies too. We managed to lease about 40,000 acres in about 2 years time in competition with probably 10 other major mining companies and oil companies and individuals who were also trying to lease. I felt that we were very, very successful and yet we did not have to go to any extreme lengths like offering unrealistic bonuses, or high royalties because we told them when we tried to lease from them, we told them this: that we felt that in order to make a reasonable profit on their property we would have to get it at a reasonable royalty. We were willing to pay a bonus at thebeginning, but it had to be reasonable so we could afford to spend money on exploration because it we paid too much money on the bonus in the beginning32
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1that would have to come off of the money we would have to spend--could afford to spend in exploring the property. The real benefit was not in that yearly bonus at the beginning, but if we found ore on their property than that royalty is what really amounted to a lot of money. So they believed our story and we made an honest effort. We've done a tremendous job of drilling that area. We weren't fortunate enough tofind much. So it's been a very costly experience to us, but that's the only way you find out in the mining game whether or not you will find something is to lease an area and to protect yourself by leasing a large enough area. Around that if you find anything, you protected you findings. We did manage to get 40,000 acres, which I would say was probably about maybe 40 or 50 or maybe higher percentage of the total area was leased down there and we got what we thought we wanted, 95 of the best prospects. Most other companies, in fact I [don't] know of anybody else that is active at the moment in doing any more drilling; most of the people have dropped their properties. We' re still holding a number of properties; we're still doing drilling. So we feel that we're keeping good faith with the people and we're making every effort to try to find it. Well,33
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1naturally, it's not only their interests, I mean, it's a selfish interest on our respect because we'veinvested good money. We want to be darn sure before we leave that area that we have found any ore that might be economically mined. There are a few tons down there in the areas we've explored, but not enough at any one spot yet to be economically mined. Oh, it's 750 feet deep. Competition, of course was pretty stiff, but it's dropped off quite a bit now. Even at that way, we're still going out and leasingland here and there that somebody else has dropped and we don't feel that they did a good enough job at exploration. So we're still planning to be here for another 40 years or more we hope.you're going to be in the mining business, you'd better be in it to stay and not just jump in and out. You can't do it that way. It has to be a long pull. As I say, it takes so long from the time you make up your mind to gain control of a property and then to explore and then develop and to mine and to process and then to sell the product, there's such a long span of time there that you have plan on being in it on a long basis in order to ride off this investmentIf Union Carbide survives.CE:CM: Well, we plan to. This is the way you have to, if34
 CHESTER MARTIN #1that you have in mining equipment and milling equipment. You have to build up a force of really experienced, skilled people in every phase of exploration, development, mining work, milling, andin sales. Every phase has to be--you have to build quite a force. You just can't hire them and then lay them off and then hire them again.CE: Mr. Martin, would you 1ike to describe the arrangements you make with contract miners?CM: Well, we've had contract miners ever since the early days of our operations here. What we do is we contract with an individual or a partnership, usually from 1 to 3 people, to operate a mine for us. Now the contractor does not--many people think of a contractor as a leasee of a property. But we don't have that arrangement. We retain ownership of the ore at all times and the contract miner simply does a contract mining job for us. He removes the ore. He is his own boss in that we assist him by furnishing engineering help, and geological assistance in telling him where to mine for the ore. We do a certain amount of drilling to guide him in where to search for the ore and where to drift for the ore and where to go toward the ore and where to mine it. Wepay him for his work that does not produce ore on the 35
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1basis of so much for foot of advance, what we call dead work, which is nonproductive mining; for so muchfor sets of timber is he has to set timber to keep it from caving in; for so much length of a rail he lays, so many feet of--this includes, of course, the laying of ties, and the placing of the rails and the spiking the down and so on. The different forms of development work, as we call it, which is not production mining. We pay for that on so much per unit of work. Then when he gets into producing stages, we pay for this on the basis of the uranium and vanadium content of the ore delivered, which gives him an incentive to deliver a good grade of ore and prevents him from shipping a lot of rock that we don't want to pay for the transportation to haul in and to process through our mill with no profits to us. We have had contractors work for us I'd say as long as 20 years in some areas. Many of them have become quite well off. At times we wonder if we've been a little too liberal in our payments, but we've never cut down on the amounts that we've paid, particularly when we thought any one person was making out a little better than he should, for the reason that it usually proved that that man was a better miner; the reason that he was making better36
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1money was that he was a better operator and gave us a good grade of ore. He cleaned the mine out, he didn't waste reserves. So that we found that we were able tohang on to our contractors instead of having them go to somebody else and work for them as a contractor by paying them a fair income. They, in turn, paid their people well. So we had a very fine arrangement with our contractors. Now, the way we arrived at how to do this is that we have certain sized mines that are economical to operate as company mines because our rates of pay are naturally higher. Being a larger company you're dealing with unions in many cases. But even if you don't have a union, you offer so many side benefits in employee plans that we pay more than a contractor has to pay. Now, many people are willing to work with less side benefits if they get a higher rate of pay. Well, you find that many people prefer to work for a contractor. He may pay a higher hourly rate, or he may put them on an incentive plan where he pays them a guarantee of not less than so much an hour, but for so many tons of a certain grade produced above a minimum level. He figures that he has got a break even point on the dollar per hour rate, he will give them an incentive rate. So theywill all pitch in and some of them will heat with one 37
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1hand and run a drill with the other hand in order to get the most production out. Of course they make more money this way and they are willing to do this rather than to work for us at a little less money and possibly have a good hospitalization, retirement, andpension and all of these plans that we offer which are costly to us. We feel that in the long run it's better for the employee because he won't, but these things for himself, he'11 spend his money and then when he gets into a problem he wishes he had some of these benefits, but he doesn't have them.CE: Security, is it right?CM: That is right, and many of us are that way. Ipersonally have felt this way for a long time. I wish that some of the money that the government makes me give to them and let them invest for my purposes, which I will never really ever get a share back. I would much rather have that in some company plan that is offered to us, administered in the way our company administers. I feel that many of the programs that we are forced to participate in by the government I think are not really quite fair and square to the fellow that works all of his life and he takes a lot of guff and doesn't quit at the first little bit of discontent that he has with an employer. He sticks it38
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1out and he never draws on any unemployment and he works all the way through until his retirement age. He still doesn't get any more benefit from it than if he had only worked for the past 5 or 10 years and been covered by this same program. So if you were able to take these same dollars and invest them yourself, I think that you would have been able to have provided for your old age in a much better form. Those are things, and that's the way the government works. We're still pretty fortunate that we got much better 1iving arrangements than any other country, but then I'm not entirely happy with some of the programs that we have to participate in under the government plans. The mining contractor has been a very important part of the mining industry and he will continue to be. Well, it's the same way with the little prospector. The Colorado Mining Association, I'm the vice-president of the mining association. John M. Emerson is the past president. In the mining association we always take into consideration that we're not looking at it strictly from the standpoint of what's best for our company because we are a largecompany. We feel a responsibility and our corporation tells us that we should feel responsibility, being members of this organization, to look after the39
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1interests of all the members of the industry, whether he be an individual or a small company or a medium sized company or another competitor our size. I think this is what has kept America supplied with its minerals over the years. We need the small prospector, 'cause there's many a little body of ore here and there that our people may have missed or they may rule out at some time and never go back because they never happened to hit this little body of ore that was down there. Maybe some fellow who's got more time, a little prospector, he's willing to put a little more energy into it than we were. Maybe he thinks, -well, I can make something out of it, not as much as I'd like, but I can get something out ofit." He sticks to it and the first thing you know he's put enough together that it's become economical. So then he comes to us and he offers it to us and we're willing to pay him for his efforts, so we pay him a purchase price for his property plus a royalty, or some other arrangement to compensate him for his time and energy plus an income from it if and when we get it into production.[END OF SIDE ONE OF TAPE]40
 [ T H I S I S THE SECOND HALF OF AN INTER VIEW WITH CHESTER MARTIN CONDUCTED BY CLARE ENGEL, JULY 2 3 , 19 7 0 IN GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO, FOR THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]CE: Do you require the individual contractors, to adhere to certain company regulations such as safety standards?CM: We certainly do. We have a very inclusive contract in this respect in that we feel that we have a right to demand this and he still retains his status as an individual contractor simply because of the potential liability to us if he does not adhere to good safety practices and somebody is injured and they can come back on us because it is on our property. So we require him to carry good insurance and to protect us under his insurance, but we first of all require him to follow each and every one of the State and Federal regulations with respect to mining safety practices, as well as practices that we have developed from our own experience in the mining field. We require them to sign a contract saying they will comply with this, and if they don't then they're subject to cancellation. This is one of the major things that we insist on is that if a man isn't willing to comply with this. We have a man that visits the contract mines regularly and he checks to see if they are following each of these safety regulations. We41
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1require our people wear hard hats, safety shoes, we even furnish a pair of safety shoes free each year to each worker and this is worth about--well, I think that we pay up to $20 a person that works in a mine or a mill, anyplace they need safety shoes, we furnish at least one pair every year.CE: I understand that glasses are now required.CM: And safety glasses. Even if you go into a mill where there is practically no danger of anything happening,we still have to put on a pair of safety glasses, goggles on over our glasses, at least with side- shields on to keep your eyes protected from dust or anything that is flying around in the air. We've got a very comprehensive safety program and we do insist[on it], and any contractor that comes on our property to do a job such as maintenance or construction contract, we do the same thing with those.CE: I saw the safety awards in the lobby.CM: We're very proud of this.CE: Apparently it's recognized that you do maintain thesestandards.CM: Well, that one award out there, when you win that,you know you've earned something because you're in competition with some companies that--they don't have42
 CHESTER MARTIN #1near the hazards that we have, and still our record has been good compared to their number of accidents and the severity of the accidents. We feel particularly proud to have received that reward.CE: Since I'm aware of the fact that you are very knowledgeable about Uravan, the little company town that we've discussed, I hope that you'll spend some time with me now dwelling on that subject in particular. You have these wonderful pictures that you started to show me. Would you 1ike to discuss some of them? Tell me the years during which they were taken.CM: Well, these of course we have had to identify as best we could from old scrapbooks and records that we have found. Some of these I have identified as being about 1920. Some of these as you can see are in the very early days, because here are a couple of men working with a couple of burros here on which they have drilling equipment and waterpacks and so on. In the background are some houses that are really tent-frames with wooden floors and are wooden part of the way up the wall. In the left hand corner there you see the steps of the rooming house. Incidentally that rooming house is still in existence and being used daily at Uravan as a eating place by single employees43
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1that do not maintain a home in Uravan. That's been there some 50 years at the present time. This picture here is the original power-generation plant, which you can see is a very antiquated piece of equipment and of course no longer exists down there. We did have to produce our own power in the early days at Uravan. There's a string of burros going up a hill, I believe that I identified this as on Long Park. Theyhad to haul all the water in those days on burros for use in drilling. Of course that was quite a slow laborious procedure to haul water from the San Miguel River all the way up through these places. Then they would bring ore down on the way down. On the way back they would bring ore down on the backs of these burros.CE: How much water was required? I can't think of anything except a phenomenal accomplishment.CM: Well, actually the water is used as a means of washing out the cuttings when they drill. How much would a man use, under those circumstances and the type of drilling equipment they had 50 years ago, I wouldn't be able to say. I think that somebody in the mining department might be able to guess at that but I really have no idea. As you can see there is a string there of I would guess probably 15 burros that44
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1would be going to one mine. I would imagine that that probably won't last maybe a day. They've got two packs of water cans on their back, on each one of those, so there's about 30 cans and probably about 10 gallons to each can, so there are about 300 gallonsin that one string. I'm sure that wouldn't take care of them for longer then a day and possibly even less than that.CE: How do they convey them now?CM: Well usually we are able to find water somewhere inthe vicinity with the modern day pumps. Well, we'll set a gasoline pump up and we'll run water over from this. Or you'll encounter water in a mine near enough so that you can pump water from there over to another place. Or you'll pump water out of a mine and haul it over in a truck, from one location to another location where you are drilling. Sometimes they do have to come down to Uravan and haul it in trucks clear up into the mines for the drilling.CE: Do they build the roads adequately?CM: Oh, yes, you have to build the roads good enough toget drilling equipment up there. If you can get drilling equipment up there, you can take a water truck up. But when you go into an area to explore, you have to take a caterpillar tractor and you have45
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1to doze out a blade that will make a good enough road for a rubber-tired truck hauling heavy drilling equipment to get up there. Then they have to flatten out a site where you can set the drill level. Then they'll do the drilling and this water is used to--of course, they use compressed air in the surface drilling. It's mostly underground drilling that they use the water to wash the cuttings out. If you blow them out underground you create so much dust that it wouldn't be safe for working conditions. A lot of the water that they use in there was from the old gasoline-driven engines which were, of course, another health problem in those days, driving this piece of equipment underground. Now that is an earlyscene there: the first power plant and the stables that were used for stabling the burros and horses that they used. There's a pile of ore piled up in bags, and those bags of ore would eventually be loaded up into wagons. Then from 4 to 6 horses would be hitched to these wagons and they'd haul that ore 60 miles. There's a little wagon right there in the foreground, typical of what they used. They hitched another 2 to 4 horses on that and hauled it 60 milesto Placerville, the railroad.CE: This being Standard Chemical Company property in 192046
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1would be ore used for radium, right?CM: At that time that was used only--they extracted the radium from it, and that's all it's being used for. There was a small amount of uranium that was recovered as a by-product of the radium extraction, that was used in making coloring for pottery as I understand it. That was about and possible in some of the paints that were made at that time. But that's the only thing that I know of the uranium was used for at that time. Then here's a picture of a crew at the Old Club mine which is just to the north and west of Uravan. These people were employed at the Standard Chemical Works there. As you can see by the type of dress, that's way back in the 1920 era. There's a picture of 6 horses hitched to a wagon hauling ore on its 60 mile route to Placerville, Colorado, to the narrow-gauge railroad where it was transferred and then hauled as I understand it. It went into Montrose where they had wide-gauge and there it was transferred to wide-gauge cars and hauled back to Pennsylvania from there.CE: Those are valuable.CM: I think so. I keep them in the vault all the time sothat we don't lose them. We ran into this, I ran into this in going through some old files that were kept47
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1by John L. Mullen, who was superintendent for Standard Chemical Company, back in the first operations that were first carried on by them. He came into this country and examined a number of properties in the Uravan area and in the Placervillearea. Then he was the operating superintendent. He carried on a running feud with the assessor in Montrose County through the newspaper, the Montrose paper. He was quite a character. He had apparently, a girl kept clippings for him of everything that happened in the mining industry. I will show you those clippings too, before you leave. These had a lot of history of the ups-and-downs where they would start up an operation somewhere. There would be a news article about how many people had been hired and then the next thing you know, there'd be an article telling how many people had been laid off and that sort of thing. Mullen kept a very very complete clipping file. That is where I've gathered a lot of the information that I have used over the past years in putting together little articles for different publications. This Mullen was a very qualified person in his work, because in those days to operate a mill 92 miles from the nearest well, it was 60 miles fromthe Placerville narrow-gauge railroad, but as far as 48
 CHESTER MARTIN #1getting anything done he had to come to Grand Junction, in the way of machining or anything like that. So naturally you had to have your own machine shop. You had to have qualified people that were pretty versatile in doing everything for themselves. Now, this is a picture of the school, which, as I have explained, was built on the land provided by Union Carbide to the school district. Naturally, withus paying substantial amount of taxes in Montrose County due to our operations, it came back to us in the form of tax-money for the school construction, and they did provide a very nice school building. We of course, had people from our company serving on the school board, along with some residents form Naturita and Nucla, Colorado, which are from the same school district. They are 17 and 22 miles away, respectively. There was a balance of power there to see that there children got taken care of also. Now this photograph here is from the early 1920 period showing the original mill of the Standard Chemical Company, plus some additional facilities. This was the original part right down in here, and as time went on, they built additional facilities up near the top of the hill. All of this was built along the lines of the early-days mills that felt that49
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1everything should be on a gravity-flow basis, that you put you heavier ores into the top and you let the materials work their way downhill by gravity, which saved a lot of power. But nowdays we don't put as much emphasis on that because with the mechanical equipment that we have and the electricity that we have to operate, it sometimes is not as practical tofind a hillside to build a mill on as it is to build on the flat country and move it around mechanically. You will notice that in the early days there were a number of houses or living quarters there of tents on wooden frames, which is a lot different. Here's the beginning, on the right-hand side, of the early day houses. I think that the community was rather well laid out in that they did have the houses in a orderly fashion. They were nice little houses. The first ones of course were rather common. Here's some of these in the early days. There were log slabs over the roofing material to keep out the wind and the dust and the dirt. The community began to develop up at the east end first, and I suppose that's why they built the school-building down here first. Then as time went on they started down in the Club Rancharea, which is at the west end, and now it would have been more practical had they built the school-so
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1building at the west-end instead of where it is now, having the children come through the mill area to come up there.Do you know where the Standard Chemical Company built that town, the company town?CE:CM:It was started, the early days is was started, it had to be because there were no living facilities within miles. So Standard Chemical did the original work. Then when Union Carbide acquired it we continued and really made it into a more modern mining camp than it ever had been or than most mining camps were at that time.Do you know whether there are any records available on Standard Chemical Company's development of this?I doubt very much. The only thing might be if they were in that clipping file I've referred to. There's nothing beyond that because I think that I've probably saved more than anyone else in the whole corporation in respect to this operation.I'd be interested in knowing--I'd be glad to goCE:CM:CE:through that if you want me to do that.CM: We'll be glad to get that out and make it available.Now there's a good picture here. In fact, I have 2 of those. If you wanted to take on of those, you could take that and use it and eventually return it to me.51
 CHESTER MARTIN #1As long as I've got one to refer to that's all thatCE: CM: CE: CM:CE: CM:CE: CM:is necessary.Do you want me to have a copy of this made?Well, just after you're through with it, eventually. Do you think there is a negative?No. I wouldn't know where. It's probably in New York somewhere, but I doubt if they have kept it after all these years.Now this is a new version, isn't it?Yeah. That would be within the past--let's see, that's the new warehouse, so that was built in about around 1960, or something like this I would guess. That's really of all the mill essentially, isn't it? Yes. That doesn't include the community at all. But we have a new plant, Plant Bas we call it up here. So this would be in the early '60s period. Now, I've got scads of negatives, but I don't know what's in there. You might want to take some time to look through those a little later. That's an aerial view there. I think it's very similar to the one that youhave.talking about. I think that these are the ones that you would want to have your copies made from. See,The one that you gave me.CE:CM: Yes. Now here's some of these negatives that we were52
 CHESTER MARTIN #1these are your early days.CE: Are they dated?CM: No.' These are the same ones that we looked at herethat are not dated.CE: Not this though.CM: Not this, but these are the bigger ones.CE: OK, al1 right, I '11 go through those and determinewhich I think would be valuable. I know they'd all bevaluable.CM: Well, you see these are, I'm sure these are all aboutthe--there's not a thing on them, but this has to beway, way back.CE: It says USD, so it might have been '35, wasn't USDacquired then?CM: Yes. This would probably be. Well, I imagine, we hadthese made when we first acquired that. Yes. These are the ones that you want. I have already had negatives made so you can just have prints made and the get me the negatives made. Now this is the present house where the plant superintendent lives and that is, you'll see from the modern picture here, we run on to pretty soon. You can't even see any of these houses for all the massive trees that have grown in here over the past few years. Now since then, we've built houses all the way around here and53
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1this is all filled in here. This is when they were first building these new modern little cottages.CE: So it was not haphazardly laid-out, it was very well planned.CM: No. In fact, I would say that after we acquired it, the first little houses that were built after we acquired it were laid out. There was a street designed. These were even named. I don't know, they give them block numbers. They give each house a block and a number so that they could receive--well, they don't have the mail delivered, but I mean it could be addressed to them by a certain house and block number. We account for property that way. But that's a real good early day picture there, I'm sure it would be interesting. This is the view here from the opposite direction, showing those new houses under construction. This is the entire plant area, showing the boarding house and the mill area here and the early-day housing down there. So that should give you, from those negatives, yes, '3 5, '3 6. So those should be of interest. Well, that's an old one there. I don't know how old, but it's been handled a lot.You can see the vintage of that truck in there so youknow that's about a '35, '36 year period in there.CE: What kind of provisions were made for the people as54
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1far as plumbing facilities and sewage?CM: Well, we have a complete, we have a very modern system now which meets the state health standards. We have a system over the years at each house. Well, in the early days, naturally, you had outhouses. Then as we got into this and built these first houses there, they put in a sewage system and they had a sewagelagoon and then the---?--- from there drained into the river. Of course, that was not good, but that was the way it was done in those days. Within the past 5 years we have installed a new sewage system and it's a very modern plant and meets all the state health standards. Over the years we have never had any serious health problems, ---?--- problem, any sewage problem, typhoid or anything like this. Apparently the provision for sewage disposal was quite adequate throughout the years cause we never did experience any epidemics of any degree.CE: And the mill dominates the scene as I can see from the pictures.CM: Yes, when you come into town that's the first thing that you see 'cause it's sitting high up on a hill and the houses are hidden .in trees, mostly, now. It is strictly 100% company owned. We do have outside people living there of course, mining contractors55
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1have some of their employees living there, and wehave a few teachers. There's one house, we lease a small tract of land to the school district and they have built their own house on that property. For a small fee of probably $5 a year or something like that, they lease the property. We've got a good water system down there from underground wells. This is piped all over camp so that everybody has running- water. It's reasonably good living conditions. In the early days they had a very good camaraderie among thepeople living there 'cause they didn't have television and radio reception was very poor. So they got together and they would have picnics in the evening. They had nice warm evenings down there, and they would have picnics. There was a swimming hole down at the confluence of the San Miguel and the North Dolores Rivers. People would take th eir picnics, and on Sunday afternoons they'd gather down there. I heard many many people say how happy they were when they lived in Uravan even when they didn't have all the big city conveniences of a place like Grand Junction or Denver or a place like that that most people think would be an essential part of their lives. But these people were very very happy living down there in the community where they knew each56
 CHESTER MARTIN #1other and provided their own entertainment and dances and barbecues and picnics and things like that.Did the company always maintain the houses?Yes. Always has.And it still does?Oh yes, there's no privately owned. Well, there are maybe one or two cabins up in the area there. I think that one fellow decided that he wanted to build his own, so we leased a small piece of land to him and he built his cabin there. But I'd say everything except probably that one building plus the school's one building is owned by Union Carbide and maintained by Carbide.CE:CM: CE: CM:CE:CM:[END OF S I D E ONE OF T A P E ]When did the Unions come to Uravan? I understand they did.Well, that kind of throws a problem. I really don't know the year that they became unionized. That's something that Chan McPete could probably fill you in on very thoroughly because he handles all our union negotiations and deals with the unions on grievances and handles all the personnel matters. Why don't you check that with him and he can brief you on that very thoroughly.CE:OK.57
 CHESTER MARTIN #1CM: Well, we've never had any very serious problems.We've never had a strike to my knowledge at Uravan. We did have a strike at Rifle for a short duration at one time. It was interesting to me to run into people on the street [who'd] ask us when we were going to settle the strike at Rifle, because it became felt here in Grand Junction even. This is a measure of the contribution that the mining industry does make tothe State of Colorado's economy, because when you realize that a strike up at Rifle, Colorado, 60 miles from here, immediately is felt in Grand Junction. It's because there are hauling contractors that have got hundreds of thousands of dollars that is tied up in trucking equipment that suddenly is sitting idle. Well, his payments on those trucks go right on and they're substantial payments on expensive equipment, maybe 75 or 100 thousand dollars on one piece of equipment for example, and he's got maybe 10 or 15 of them. He has to lay his drivers off, so suddenly they're unemployed. Since we have no railhead at Uravan, every regent to treat that material, every ton of ore that gets in there has to be hauled in by truck. Every pound of product that comes out of there has to come out by truck. So that you can see there are many people that are living off of our operations58
 CHESTER MARTIN #1in the trucking business. All these various agencies that supply us with everything that we need to operate a mill.CE: I just wondered, and the reason I asked this question: how did the unions affect the camaraderie that was felt initially? I should think that that might create [something] between management and the miners.CM:I don't think that it did greatly for the reason that you had local officers in the union. The people lived together and they knew each other. I suppose that there was a certain little separation that might have occurred simply because of a man becoming part of the management, but no more so really than occurs nowdays even if you don't have a union when a person becomes a manager. He's just a little bit different than when he was an alley-worker or a person working under somebody else. It depends, it's mostly personnel I think more than anything else. I've never felt any real problem at all, being a very good personalfriend of anybody that's ever worked for me. I have worked for people that have one time worked for me and I felt that it didn't make that much difference for me because I figured there were reasons for these things and I didn't resent the fact that certain59
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1people, through a series of changes around in the organization, that one time I'd be working for them or the next time they might be working for me or vice-versa. I think a lot of it is in personnel. We've always tried to keep our relationships with the people in the union even though we are negotiating. We are negotiating and we are trying to save money and they are trying to get us to spend money. We still feel, we know that people are our greatest asset and without good people, you can have the best regent and the best ore and the best equipment, but without good people to operate them and to know how to feed the regent and do what they are told to do by people that are experts in what should be done, you are not going to have a very profitable operation. We have a system, that we call operations improvement program where we set a goal, a percentage of our operating expenses, of what we are going to save every year, for doing something specific to cut costs of doing certain things. Well, you can't do this alone. It requires a cooperation of people in theworking force, the hourly-paid employee, the member of the union. We have to get their cooperation and we point out to them that in order for us to pay them more money we have to save money somewhere. If you do60
 CHESTER MARTIN #1this job right, and they know they are being treated fairly and squarely and treated right, I don't think they will have any real serious problems. I don't know, but I don't think there were any--I didn'tactually live at Uravan, but from what I've heard I don't think there were ever any real serious problems that ever developed as a result of unionization of the mill here. I do recall and I just checked this recently for the Social Security Office, that in 1944 on January 1, we were operating a coal mine near Uravan at Nucla, Colorado, and they did have a strike then. At that time we were getting such a poor grade of coal that they shut the coal mine down at the time and decided that they were going to get coal from some other source. But we used up what we had on the stockpile and we were not able to get coal reasonably from some other source. So then we contracted out the operation of this coal mine. Now that's the only time that I have ever heard of them having a strike. Now Pete may correct me on this when you talk to him. They might have experienced a strike at some time but I don't believe so. We have been able to settle amicably before the deadline with the unions.CE: In regards to social conditions at Uravan, do you ever remember encountering poverty?61
 CHESTER MARTIN #1CM: Oh, in any community you always have some people thatlive in poverty simply because they don't know how to manage their money. There is no real reason for poverty there because any person that lived there worked for the company and he was paid the same wagefor the same job as somebody else. Unless he was one of these persons that spent money foolishly or unless he was one of these that had such a large family and they were all extravagant that he just didn't have enough money to go around--I don't know how you correct a situation like that. But in our own community I don't think there was ever anybody, there was never any need for poverty. We've had a lot of different races and nationalities and people form all walks of life that lived there.CE: Was it segregated in any way?CM: No. Never any deliberate attempt made. Now we assignhouses on the basis of not strictly next-in-line, you had to take care of people who you needed the most. That's the reason we had housing in the first place. You had--if you had a house and you needed a geologist, for example, and there was a house available and you had an hourly-man that was living there on a single status that was working on the labor-gang, you might have to choose between those62
 CHESTER MARTIN #1people. If the geologist was more important, he got the house. But also if the geologist and the laboring-man were living there single-status and at the moment you didn't need the geologist as badly as you needed the laboring-man, he might get that house. There's a certain amount of resentment there because there's always a status symbol in housing. There aresome newer houses and some older houses, and naturally there was a little argument going on, mostly among the women. All the time, badgering the personnel man who was responsible for doling out the house who got the house that next became vacant. But I think this is just one of those things like any other thing, it was nothing that you could do anything about. They did the best they could and they managed to keep most of the people happy most of the time.CE: I think now if you would, before we continue with any more of these questions, explain the need for this company town.Well, in this particular area there was no other town closer than 17 miles away at Naturita. Nucla was some 23 miles away. Neither of these provided enough housing. If they had provided enough housing there bybuilding new housing it would simply have meant that 63CM:
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1these people would have had to travel these distances, and in those days you didn't travel 2O miles to get to work as we do now and think nothing of it. There wasn't the real good easy transportation; the roads were very poor. In fact, until the last 10 years, we had many of those roadsin that area that were not even paved. They would get so bad that people would wear a car out in about a year's time, if you had to go to Grand Junction very often to see the doctor or the dentist, you just didn't keep a car more than about a year and you had to replace it with another one. Over a period of time they would get another 5 miles paved and then we would badger a while and then we would [get] both counties working on it, and through the Club 2O, which is a group of 20 counties organized to try and work for the betterment of these 20 counties in this area. Through their efforts we got the state highway department to pave a little more, a little more, a little more, till now the road is completely paved between here and Uravan. That has only been the last 10 years that that has been completed.CE: I'm very glad to hear that since I've been driving here.CM: Back in the old days you took your life in your 64
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1hands. You'd go around a corner on these single lane dirt roads and you might meet a big ore truck going along as fast as he could travel on that kind of aroad. Here you were in a little automobile and you just had to give him the road. Many times I have ridden down there and been scared to death. The dust would get so thick in the summertime, it would be so dry, that the dust would be 3 or 4 inches thick, it would just be pulverized. Sometimes you would come home form being down there and you would cough for two or three days from the dust that had accumulated in your lungs. Actually it would rather nauseate you from the amount of dust that you would breathe fromdriving on that road. This was as late as--when I came out here in '46 and I would say that in less than 10 years was when the final paving was done between here and Uravan. Then in the last three to five years was when it was finished between Uravan and Naturita and Dove Creek where we have an office down there.CE: Can you recall the dates that Uravan was opened and closed, because I understand that it was closed for a period of time.CM: Well, Uravan was, we built the mill in '35 and I think it operated pretty much--or '36, '35 or '36, we65
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1acquired the mill. We operated until the latter part of 1945. I believe that it was about in October that we would consider this as being closed for allintents and purposes. It reopened again in the latter part--well, we begin to rehabilitate the plant in '48 and I think we got into some form of operation in '49. Then we expanded the plant in about the '54,'53-'54 period, and it has continued to operate pretty much at the same level up until now. Next year it will be at a reduced level because our contract with the Atomic Energy Commission will be completed at the end of this year. Then we will be selling only to outside customers. Then we will be operating at a reduced rate for probably 2 to 3 years. We're hoping that within that period of time that the construction rate of the new electric generation plants will progress to the point where the demand for fuels will be great enough where we will be able to expand our operations again to a higher rate.CE: What happens to these people when you begin to decrease the facilities?CM: Wel1, we try of course, whereever we can to find another location where they can go. Now we have locations in California and in Arkansas, and we try to find places for as many people as we can. But,66
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1naturally you cannot absorb all those people at those locations. All that can happen is that as you go down, that's why we're trying to get this, if we get anybody, us or anybody else, to have this Atomic Energy Reserves released within a reasonable period of time so that we could go out and seek markets forour uranium. But you can't contract to ship uranium until you know you're going to have it. We've got just about everything that we've got readily available contracted now. We don't like to go out and make any large-scale contracts until we know that we have some other ore in sight plus some safe reserve beyond that to make sure that if you are wrong on the estimates of your reserves that you've got enough totake care of and live up to your contracts. But if we could get these AEC reserves released, this will probably give us another 3-5 years of life, if we either got them ourselves or if we bought them from someone else and processed them through our plants. So we're hoping that this will be accomplished within the next year or so, so that we can process those reserves.CE: What's the cost of building and maintaining a company town?CM: Well, that I just don't know. Without doing quite a 67
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1bit of checking back to find out, it's hard to say for the reason that you build a few houses and then those begin to age and then you begin to write them off and then you begin to add a few more and then you tear the older ones down. So the cost of building a company town is hard to say, but I would guess it is in the million dollar bracket, because by the time that you provide all the facilities for the number of people--we've given you figures on the number of people that we have employed there. You take this average family of 2 or 3 children, you've got a pretty good-sized town there.CE: Figures in that report?CM: Yes. I think that it was 800--well, wait a minute,that's the number of employees.CE: ---?--- call that the Plateau operation.CM: Yes. I think that possibly that's the approximatepresent number of people that are mentioned in this, we have about 160 people employed, but the population of the town is about 850.CE: Who are these other people then?CM: Well, this would be 160 people plus their wives andtheir children, plus the contract miners and their families, school-teachers, and contract truckers for example, that maintain a home there and drive trucks68
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1for somebody that we have a contract with. [They] maybe have an office here in Grand Junction, but they 1ive down there and operate out of there. There's about 850, and this will fluctuate, but that's about our limit because we don't have any more houses available.CE: CM:CE: CM:Is it an economic loss?Oh, yes. For example, you rent a house in Uravan, about the highest price I think we collect for the best house there is $38.50 a month. So, you know--Is that utilities?Well, we furnish water, but they pay their own heat and electricity. But you can't make money on $38.50 a month for any kind of a house that you rent, and this is one of the better houses. This goes on down to approximately $27.50 or $25 for the older houses. So we don't make money. By the time that you maintain a sewage system and a water system, treating yourwater, and you maintain the roads and repair thehouses, you can¥tápossibly make money on that.CE: You said earlier that the businesses are leased tosomeone?CM: You mean like the Ute store? Yes, we furnish thebuildings and we subsidize the operation by furnishing the building and paying so much per month69
 CHESTER MARTIN #1to these people to provide a service for supplying food and clothing, all the needs of anybody. We require them by contract to be competitive with other prices at the west end of Montrose County, which means that they are subject to loss of their lease if they are not competitive with let's say Naturita and Nucla prices. We also lease out the barber shop and the laundry facility. These people that operate the store, they also operate the drug store and a sodafountain and they operate a boarding house.CE: And I hear a beer hall.CM: And a beer hall, yeah. We don't open that until latein the afternoon so that the people that have got to/get through with a day's work don't run over there and nip a little bit on lunch hour. Then they also operate the bunk houses where the single men live. We provide a change of linen and the maid goes in and changes the linen and sweeps out the place, and that sort-of service, which has a very reasonable price as an incentive to the single men to get them to live there until housing becomes available to them.CE: So what is the ratio of employees versus non-company employees?CM: Oh, I would guess that non-company would probably be 15%, 10-15% probably.70
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1CE: Out of the total employees. Do the employees come toearn more than the employee of the drug store?CM: I think that a person working for us probably is paid better than the contractor. He doesn't have the sidebenefits. Now this is what costs us money. Few employees really have a full realization of what it's worth to them to have group insurance at the rate that they pay and hospitalization that we furnish completely to them and savings plans, retirement plans and various plans that they have that the contractors just can't afford to furnish in the same ratio that we do.CE: And you have medical service?CM: We have a hospital there with a full-time doctor andwe provide a annual physical to people of a certain age and in certain occupations. We provide like maybe 2 years to people that are in less hazardous or maybe younger people. But I'm not sure about that, again, that's something that I'm not up to date on, exactly how often we give physicals. It may be annually on everybody. I know over 45 that we all take annual physicals and they're all very complete. I've been very thankful for them because they bring out things that you wouldn't normally get if you didn't spend about $75 to get a good physical every year. So we71
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1are very proud of our medical service.CE: CM:Are you familiar with the politics of Uravan?No. But I know that they're very interested in it. This Mrs. Preckinbush, who used to be a secretary of mine, she's very interested in politics. We put on there, I don't know if they put on a course there, but we have here in Grand Junction, the NationalChamber of Commerce, "P olitics in A ction," or something like that. It's a course that is put on and the employees participate on about 10 weeks. We go for about an hour for 10 weeks in a row and you learn all about the political system, and how people are elected and all about voting and the whole works.And this is done at Uravan?Well, now Mrs. Preckinbush has inquired about putting on this course. I don't know whether they put it on yet or not. I furnished them the books which I have a set of over there. I furnished them the set of books and they talked about putting it on. Now, she and her husband are both very active and they have had politicians into Uravan to talk to people there and they encouraged people to get out and vote. So they're politically minded.From my reading I gather that most company towns have, or the people who live in them have a leaningCE: CM:CE:72
 CHESTER MARTIN #1toward the Democrat rather than the Republican Party. Is that true of Uravan?CM: To be honest with you, I don't know.CE: It would be interesting--CM: Yes, it would. Well, when you go to Uravan you talkto Ruth Preckinbush because Ruth would know. She's a very very astute person. She'd be very interesting to talk to.CE: Finally, I'd like to talk with maternalism. How does a company, the big brother, affect the working man, when all of these things are done for him? Does he take these assets--I consider them that if I may make that judgement--for granted?CM: Oh, that's something I really don't know whether I could answer that as well as Mr. McPete, because he deals with these people in grievance-settlements and in negotiations. I don't have that contact with them. I know them personally, but I don't know how they feel about this sort of thing. I suggest that youdirect that question to Mr. McPete and he can tell you. I'm pretty sure how they do feel about this. I don't really feel qualified to speak about this. I know that we do have--I have always felt that I made many decisions whether I should stick out with the company or accept opportunities that I have had in73
 CHESTER MARTIN #1the past based on the side benefits that you get and the security that you get. Some people may say,"Well, that's because you haven't got the guts to go out and try something new." Well, I don't feel that. I think that this is a matter of using judgement just as you do, whether you invest your money in high- speculative stocks and bonds, or something that's growing fast like electronics, or whether you stick with the blue-chip stocks, or whether you spend your money on a new car every year or whether you keep the same car and wear it out and get your money's worth. I think you weigh these things one against the other. Just like my son was aide to Senator--?-- for three years and then he was offered a job by the Colorado Interstate Gas Company, well, he had to measure whether or not the job he had in Washington, which he dearly loved because of the excitement of the being part of the big scene, but without really much of a permanence to it. Whether that was something that he would stick with and take his chances over the years and maybe suddenly find himself out of a job completely and then become maybe a political hat by hanging-on and trying to get a job with somebody else just because he had been around Washington and knewhis way around, or whether he should take this job 74
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1with industry that paid a little less at the start but it had good fringe benefits and offers more of an opportunity for future growth. Well, I didn't try toinfluence him because I knew that I was so dead-set on the one side. So I just waited and let him make up his own mind. But when he did make up his mind to accept this offer then I told him how glad I was that he had made that choice because I thought--well, I had my experience, I worked for a family-owned small company and I realized at the end of about 5 years that I didn't have much of a future ahead of me because here was this young son coming up and he was going to be boss someday, so you had no chance to get into the ownership--you would be working for them 25 years later for just a living wage and that was all and not much fringe benefits. So I made my decision then to go with one of the biggest outfits I could get with and I looked around until I found what I wanted. Fortunately, I fell into it the following day that I quit the one outfit, I walked in and got a job by noon the next day with Union Carbide and I've been with them ever since. But I feel--CE: That's about 30 years now, isn't it?CM: Thirty years since November. I think that there areadvantages to these things that people if you leave 75
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1it to themselves to do, maybe I would invest my money into other things, say, maybe I would buy my own life insurance that turned out to be as good as my group insurance, but when you figure how much you get your group insurance for compared to a premium you'd have to pay if you had to buy it yourself you had to make considerably more money an hour and turn around and lay that out for your own life insurance on your own. And your retirement plan, pension plan and the various benefits that you do get.CE: Because these all apply to those people also.CM: Well, certainly. I think that many of them would prefer if they had their choice, I think that many of them would prefer to have it in cash. But fortunately, their Union-leadership are people that are intelligent to realize that a large part of their membership would be better off by having a plan that they are more or less forced to participate in, thatthe company administers for them. This again saves money, because when you have management handling the administration of these plans that are furnished to these people you can do service more cheaply than if you paid an outside insurance firm to do this for you.CE: A big corporation can afford to do that. 76
 CHESTER MARTIN #1CM: That's right, why, sure! It's all you know, now we'recomputerized. So all these plans are handled through this. Well, this is a lot cheaper than if you paid somebody else to do it and make a profit on what they are doing. So I think that probably even though some of these people might prefer to have these benefitsin cash, I think that they are better off having them this way. I think that the majority let's say, recognizes that they've got something good because they come back and they inquire when they negotiate, they don't always ask for just money, they want a little better plan for this or a better plan for that. So they are thinking about them. I think thatit has become, through national unions, recognized that the fringe benefits are of great importance to them. Probably as much or more so, for providing security to them that they need because with this present economic trend you are better if you are spending it all currently, I know that.CE: Well, do the employees share in company holdings in any way other than in the insurance plan?CM: You are, we have a savings plan, and the first year of service, you get 10% of what you put in. The company pays 20% after 2 years and after 3 years you get 30%--of everything you contribute they put in77
 CHESTER MARTIN #130%. Then you can invest this either in government bonds or Carbide stock or you can have it all in cash.CE: Ultimately, you mean.CM: Yes, it pays off every 2 years. The first plan youengage in due to government regulations, you get your money back at the end of 2 years that you put in plus interest. Now, you've got to wait 4 years to get back what the company put in during those 2 years because it's got something to do with tax regulations. But at the end of 4 years, you get this money back plus the money you save during the next 2 year-term, your own money. If you leave your money in stocks, Carbide stock, then you don't pay any earnings on that until you eventually get those shares, and then it'streated as a capital gain. So there is an advantage there that they can buy stock and realize. Of course in recent years it's worth less than what we have paid for it. But then we have to look on that as any other investment that we would have made ~ould have been the same way. But they do share in the profit that way.CE: Are there any problems that are unique to Uravan that you'd like to talk about?CM: Well, only that anytime that you've got a fully- 78
 CHESTER MARTIN #1owned company community, you've got problems. Well, you have no law enforcement agency there except a deputy sheriff located in Naturita.CE: I was going to ask about that.CM: It's surprising how little problems we've ever had inthat town. I don't know why; we just don't have any serious problems. Now at Naturita they've had shootings. I can remember that's a pretty rough place at times and I don't recall that at Uravan that we've ever had scrapes of that kind. We've had little problems, but that word would seep up here to Grand Junction if there were anything of any consequence. We just don't have any problems. But there are other things, of course, you have to provide all your own facilities. The service station, the same with the people that run the store, we have to provide a service station for people who have automobiles. We've got to encourage a guy to come in and run that. Well, that's a problem that you have. If you lived in or operated near a community like Rifle, we let the community take care of those things. In a company-owned town you've got to do all those things for yourself. I don't think it is any different than any other mining camps throughout the United Statesthat have had the same problems, but I think that we 79
 CHESTER MARTIN #1have been very fortunate in that we have managed to hire people, we try to hire people that we think are going to fit into a community as best we can, too. If we've got somebody that looks like they are going to be a troublemaker and would not be desireable in the community, we think that it is only fair to the rest of the people in the town that we not hire and bringin people like that. We don't have any rules against anybody because of race or color because we've got lots of Mexican people, we've got many Navajo indians working for us. We have a colored gal working for us here in the office. So we have no problems that way at all. In fact, they're accepted very well. The girls go out to lunch and have their little birthdays celebrated for somebody. This girl is invited along the same way and they all get along fine. So I wouldn't say there is anything in particular. Naturally we've had problems getting a good water supply. Every once in a while the wells that we've got will get a little sparse on water. So we drill another well. Otherwise we'd go to the city and complain and they'd have to do it you see. So it¥s one more problem that you have in operating a remotearea like that.CE: Is there anything else you'd like to contribute to80
 CHESTER MARTIN # 1this interview? You've said so many valuable things. I'm really anxious to get some of these on paper.CM: Well, I don't really know. If you have any questions or anything that you can think of, I might try to answer them. Like I say, I think that it would be wise if you were to go through those photographs and see if there are stories that you would like to ask later on. If you do, I could actually make a tape and send to you which you could put into your stuff later on. If you had something in particular, you couldjust send me a letter and ask me what you would like to know. I could make a tape and you could transcribe it over tc your tape or something like that.CE: Wonderful! Thank you very much! I've really appreciated all the time that you have given me this afternoon.CM: You're entirely welcome and I hope that we have contributed something.CE: I know you have.[END OF INTER VIEW]81