                JI~II3--~ / ? ~ ' 7 - - - - 6 -~a-vwv          z       ¥ ~'Le???-~(?n.t~)        á         á3¥ ~/             / ~-7~~-:;-~~       'I-~~~;C/~~s% .JI. e, -~~k~a--~ 9:;:;;:::i~~      ;:;~7    /{) /I12.. //-IZ'
      i! ~3/q.-/9tO
 á Howard Browne 9-14-83HE Howard W arren Browne.L And your place of birth and date of birth.Hb My place of birth was Kansas City, Kansas. October 18, 1911- L Could you give me the names of your parents?HE My mother was Mary Isabell Warren. That was her maiden name.And my father was Howard Reginald Manlius BrownL How do you spell ManliusHB M-A-N-L-r~u-s.L That's an unusual name?H8 Yes.L Wereáyou an only child? Or did you have brothers and sisters? HE I had a brother.L What washis name?HB Allison.L Allison with two'ls'?H8 A-L-L-I-S-O-N. Woodrow Browne.L' After WoodrowáWilson?HB uhuh.L What did your father andmother do for a livelihoid?HB My father graduated from Howard University as a lawyer. L Did he work as a lawyer?HB No. He never worked as a lawyer because he went in theservice in the first world war. And so he never practicedlaw.L What did he practice, Mr. Browne. What did he do for a live-lihood?Hb Well, when he came back from WWI, why he was-he went intopolitics and he got in as ah --{pause} uum-Givi me a little time here.
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:2L So he went into local politics?HB Yeah.L Did he get elected to an office or did he get appointed tosomething.HB W ell, he got appointed in something.What does an auditor - {he asks youngest daughter a questio}What is an auditor's office?Daughter: In terms of what?HB Well, he was chief auditor forDaughter: The controller?HB NoDaughter: Treasurer?HB No. In the auditor's office. What's the matter with yourMama, she can't be out here {She's sleeping}.{Leslie willinterview mother at later time}HB Well, he was the first Black there in Kansas City, Kansasin the auditor's office.L What was he like? What was his personality like? Your father. HB Well, he was tough. He was But, politics at thattime when he got into the auditor's office, why, it was --it was tough. Because segregationa,d everything. It wasbad. At that time. And they put him in the auditor's office becuse he had the smart, because he had graudated as a lawyer, but he never practiced, and so, this guy that was runningfor office, his name Steward, and he placed a Black in therein the auditor's office to satisfy the Black people.L So the community there must have been pretty large?HB Oh, yes, there's alot of Black people there in Kansas City,Kansas. So, they put him in there and he worked up there in
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:3the auditor's office until the Depression came. And when the Depression came, why, then they laid him off. And that was in the 1930s.L Did Y)Ur Mom work at all at that time too?HB Well, my Mom and my father were separated at that time.L Who did you live with?HB Well, I lived with my - I lived with my grandmother, whichis his mother, and then I would come out to Colorado to live with my mother who had come from Maryland. And my mother --she was an off breed from a German family back in Mary- land. Now, back in Maryland, my grandmother on my mother's side, was working for this family, this German family back in Maryland. And the young boy got my grandmother pregnant and my mother was born. So, that's where I came from onmy mother's side and my Dad was going back there to school. Taking up law. And he met mymother and he married my mother. And my - an my Dad's father was a doctor in Kansas City.And so, he brought her back to Kansas City. And I was bornin Kansas City. By my and my grandfather brought meinto the world-Because he was a doctor.So, I don't know how you're going to piece some things together.L It's pieced together pretty well- That will hang in there by itself. I won't have to sew that one together.HB And. My mother's half brother. Now, it seems to me, I don't know whether this is what happened or not, but it seems tome that. that German family tha- owned all this property back there in Maryland and when their son got my grandmother preg~ n~nt and my mother was born, they gave her so much of that
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:4property. Gave my grandmother so much of that property that they had in Maryland to - as a payment, I guess. And they sent the boy back to Germany. And he used to write my ~ther- or grandmother letters, but they were in German and my mother had to have these letters interpreted because she didn'tknow German. And she had to have them interpreted so she could understand what he was talking about. But then, my mother--she was intersted in lamb. And at that time, why, they were giving--L Homesteads?HB You could homestead on a certain amount of land. So shedecided she wanted to homestead out therein Colorado. And so she got my Dad and she and my Dad homestead on 640 acres of land down there in southern Colorado.L So they got together again?HB Well, they hadn't separated then- But while we were downthere in Colorado, why, that's wh~n WWI broke out and he joined the service. So she stayed out there. He wanted herto come back there, but she and my grandmother weren'ton good relations. But anyway, he went on back there. And joined the army. Went on over to France. And he was afirst lieutenant over in France. And then, when he was discharged,why, he was a Captain and he came back to Kansas City. And so he wanted my mother to come back there wherehe was and she didn't want to go back there-So he said,well, I'm going back here to take care of those that I amof the flesh and blood. In preference to those that are of ihe flesh and blood of me. So we wre down there in Colorado
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:5L H8á L HBand he was back in Kansas City. Cause he went back thereto take care of those that he came from.Did that hurt you? Did ~u miss him?Well. Not particuarly because in later years, why, he sent for me to come from Colorado to come back to Kansas City and that's where I went to school.Youwent to school back there.In Kansas City, Kansas. I came through ah grade school, junior high school, high school and then went to the University of Kansas. But I was staying with--! stayed for a while withhim and his --he married again. And I stayed with he and his wife which I didn't like. And then ah since I was havingso much difficulty with his wife, why I went over to my grandmother and stayed. That was his mother. And I stayedwith her through junior high school, high school, and thenI went from there to the University of Kansas. But in the meantime, in the summertime, when school was out, I'dcome back out here to Utah to visit myrrother.Your mother had left Colorado by then?Oh, yeah. She had remarried and come out here to Utah.And that was mthe early 20s.Wereyou around when she married. When she got married again. Were you there?I wasn't there at the marriage, no.But I mean you knew the guy? Your step father?L HBLHBLHB Yeah.L why did they come to Utah?HB Well, I may not be phrasing this right. I may not be right
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:6about this. But during those years, during the 20s. Ah,them ining ind;ustry all over the country was havingproblems. And they werebringing Black people in to break strikes. And that's what they did here. And about 1923,I don't know what - whether that was the year or not, butthey were bringing Black people fron down South to come inhere to break those srikes, to work inthese coal mines,down in Carbon County. And thats' the main reason why mostof the Blacks got in here. Other than those that were brought in by Brigham Young as slaves, you know. But, 1920s why they were brining in Blacks to break this strike.L   your step father was one of them? Did you know that he was one of them who came in that way?HBL HBI don't know whether he came in that way or not. Or whether he came in a little later, but, he was a coal miner back in Kansas. And, coal miners all over the country, whenever they saw a chance to get a job, why they'd come into the coal mine area. So he ~me in .what was his name?Ah,Ausie Kimber. And he came from Gerard, Kansas. K-I-M-B-E-R. A-U-S-I-E. Yeah. and they came in here.Or ~came in here. Why, he met mynother down in Colorado. During the second world war. I mean, first world war.Becuase we wre down therein Colorado. Were infested withthe flue and all that kind cr stuff.You li~ed through that flue epidemic there?Yeah me and mybrother both had the flue. But myrrotherhad been a nurse. Back in New York. And she k~ew somethingL HBabout how to treat it. Now the doctors down there, where we
 Howrd Browne 9-14-83 s1:7were down in Southern Colorado. They were giving people medicine and all of them were going, they were hauling them out there, rive and 6 deep in the hearse. Carrying them to the cemetery. But she - she had something that she gave us. It wasquinine and cammomille. She gave us this quinine and cammomile until'.Me got--until we got better. We were probably therefor a week or more. Sick- But she gave us that stuff and kept us in bed and got us out of there. So that was quite an ex- perience. Besides that, why, on this 640 acre tract thatthey had gotten fromthe government, homesteading, she workedout thereon that homestead, trying to plow and raise hogsand cattle and everything.And while she was out there, I got. hitched thebitten bya rattlesnake. And so she Op Horse that wehadout there and took me five miles in to get a doctor. And he cut on my ankle and drained everything. You can still see the scar, I think. I was about 5 or 6 years old.L You mean there.HB Right thereL Coming across here.HB I think that's it right there. That's where the rattle snakebit me.L Was it close. Was it a close call, I mean?HB I guess it was a close call- But, he - I never did see therattlesnake. But it was in August. And they calim thatin August~ why rattlesnakes start shedding their skin. Andthey strike at anything. So, he got me and I didn't know - what it was. And I started screaming ~d going on and my mother was down in the - down in the backtrying to get a yoke
   Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:8for our cow~ to keep the cow from jumping over the fence,you know. And so she heard me screaming and going on and soshe came on up there, onthis horse. And she looked at itand said, 'Oh, my God, you'vebeen bitten by a rattlesnake.'She asked me what had happened and Isaid, I think a frogbit me. She said, oh, no, that's a rattlesnake- So she turned. She put a tourniquette around my leg, right up here. Because she had beenworking in this doctor's office as a nurse, you know, back in New York- And so she put a tournequette around there and drove me on in the buggy on into the doctor. Andhe cut across that way and across that way and then he stucka hypodermic needle in there with something to counteract thatpoison. Well, anyway. He scored my leg was thatbig. And I wasn't nothing but a kid. He scores it and wenton like that. Scores it that poison out of it. Andhe says, well, if he doesn't die in 30 days, why, he'llstart getting . better. So I didn't die. {both laugh} ButL HBthat was an experience.Did you have to be bedridden after.Oh, I had to walk on crutches for several months after that. Becuase after that, why, I had to go back to Kansas to goto school and I was walking on crutches. Couldn't walk. Because a rattlesnake bite ain't nothing to be played with. It does you under. So I went on back to Kansas to school. OK. That's the early history. Now what do you want?What did your motehr look like - what did she look like toyou in those years. How didyou see her?She was a beautiful woman. A beautiful women. But she hadso much hardships. But she took care of us. Ahh {stretches}.LHB
     Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:9I don't know whether I got a picture down here or not. But. You're welcome to come down here and look at some of my family, if you'd like to.L I've love to. Thank you. -- {they go down to look}I'm really impresssed by the fact that you're family is so educated. Somany went to college {phone rings}.HB Well, we had 3 doctors. My grandfather was a doctor. Two of his sons were doctors. One of them turned out to be superintendent of the tuberculosis hospital in Alexendria, Arkansas. The son just younger than him- he was a first Black doctor that the Missouri Pacific Railroad had on their staff. And my father graduatedin law. And I was going to be a doctor. But I came along during the Depression, so I didn't have any help. So I couldn't finish.L Started out to be a doctor.HB Hmmm.L~. How far had you gotten. "HB Well, I was in pre-medic when I stopped. I had to stop.I had graduated from high school and entered the University of Kansas as a pre-med student. And didn't have the money to go. But we come from a family of doctors. And in fact, now, my granddaughter is a nurse over here at St-Marks Hospital.L Di ~ou have to quit school entirely.HB Yeah. I quit cause I got married. Got married andstartedraising a family, sure .{laughs} But
   Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:10during the war, during the ~cond world war, why, I wroteto the Attorney General's office to see if they would send me in and finish my education but they wouldn't do it. Because I thought that during the war, why, if they would send me in there and get me some - some more education, why, I would probably be useful tothem, you know- But they wouldn't.L You got married pretty well-HB Yeah. we were about 18 and 19- We've been married for52 years now, I think.L a couple of years more than a half a century, huh?HB Ahuh.L How di dyou meet your wife.HB Well, we met at the University of Kansas. We were both inthe zoology class and we met there.L Do you rememebr the meeting? Meeting her?HB Yeah. I remember meeting. {laughs} Were those the thingsthat >¡u wanted?L Some of the things Some of the things.HB I And where did you say you' re from?L Hungary.HB H u n g a r y . Hmmmm.L what-what did ~u do after ou married? Whre didyou go tolive and work?HS Well, after we married, - you got thei.thing on? Well,turn it off for a minute.L We were talking about after you had gotten married, wheredid you go to work.HS Well, you didn't want to know nothing about my previoushistory. When I was a child.
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:11L Sure I do, sure I do. We were talking about that before.But, ah, I don't think we have to, you kow, try to cover everything in atail this time. I'd like to come back andtalk to you a couple of times. So rather than cover everything in strict order, we can roam around a little bit.HB OK, well now, where are we now?L Well, basically I'm curious as to how you got to Utah.What brought you here.HB Well, let's see. Back in Ka~sas, when my wife and I weremarried, my grandmother - she never thought that there wasany woman good enough for her boys. And! was a grandson,so, I was one of her boys. And I lived there withher for several years. And then when I went to the University of KAnsas, I met my wife and we married, and her folks tookus in and gave us some kind of place to stay. And one ofmy uncles was a preacher and he had bougbt a farm outfrom Lawrence, Kansas. So, they decided to let us go out there and take care of this farm. But another uncle that was doing a little financing, he livedin Kansas City,Kansas. But anyway, we went out there01 this farm. And we were trying to farm this place~ along with the assistance ofher people. And my uncle that was back in Kansas, Kansas City. He and his wife, they would comeout there and get their eggs and everything. And so, I just got disgusted with that. And then myroother wrote me a letter and told me that her hus- band was sick. And was in bad shape. And would I come outto Utah and help her out. So, I got on the freighttrain and came on out here. Came on out to (Arbon County. Tohelp her out. And I've been here ever since. But that was down in Carbon County, down in Carbonville-
  Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:12L What did she expect you to do. How did you help her out? HB Help farm that place. Actually, they didn't even have anyhome or anything. So, when I came out, why, we dug a greatbig hole in the ground. It was twice as long as this and about as wide as this. We dug a hole in the ground- Wentup in the canyon and got timber and stuff,tSut the top on.So we lived on there in that hole in the ground forseveral years because it was warm down there. Cool in the summer. And we lived down there in that hole- we had - wehad shelves built along the walls to put our personal things out of the dirt. We dug them out. So. {laughs} We dug those out and we lived down there for several years. And then myMama wanted a house built. So, I knew something about carpentry so I built her a house on the ~operty. But before it was completed, why, she got cancer. And had to take her tothe hospital and she had four operations. But we lived down there. We had 40 acres down there. She had bought 40 acres. She was a very conservative woman and knew how to handle money and save money. So she saved enough so she could buy this piece a property.L What was she living off of, just the farm? Did she farm anything there?HB Yeah, we farmed. We had alfalfa~ which we could sell. And it was a very good piece of property to raise real good alfalfa. And we could get $28-30 dollars a ton for alfalfa and that was a good pricein them days. But she had saved. She had saved money from where she had worked because she had worked down in Colorado Springs at a hotel for a long time. And every nick1e she got., why, she saved. Put in the
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:13bank- Drew interest.L Do you rememebr CArbonvillepretty well?HB Oh, yeah.L What do you remember about it?HB Carbonville? Well.L What did it look like?HS Well, just another piece of ground with a lot of housesaround. People owned the property all around there. Andthey were all - Down in that area, they were mostly ah foreigners. Greeks. Austrians. Italians. And so forth.And that's the main thing that realoy kept us going because the other people, why, they were very antagonistic towards Blacks. But, the Italians and the Austrians and the Polish and Greeks, of course Greek were kind of antagonistic. They didn't want you talking to their women, you know. But.But that's the way it was down there.L What do you m~an by antagonistic? What would they do? Theones that were antagonistic?HB Now, wait a minute. Rephrase that.L OK, you said that some of the people down there wereantagonistic towards Black people. And I said, what do youmean by antagonistic?HB Well, now, let me -- The Greek people- They didn't want noBlacks associating with their women. That's one thing. But that's not important. Over in Price, we couldn't go to the theatre~- Couldn't go into the restaurants. Because that was mostly a white, Mormon--end side one
 Begin side 2Howard Browne 9-14-83 s2:14This side of Price, why we could go anywhere we wanted to go. We could go into restaurants, hotels~ the theatres. Or whereever we wanted to go. Cause, actually, we wentto dances and stuff there in Helper. But we couldn't go ave ~n Price. Cause Price was off limits to Blacks. And, ah, now Helper is right ah in the heart of the coal mining industry. And there were a bt of Blacks that lived dwon in Helper that worked in the mines. And they were imported from down South during the 1923 coal mine strike. When they had that strike, why, ~ey had imported these Blacks in here to The Coal mining companies imported these Black people in here to work in ~ese mines. And that's the way they got n there. {laughs slightly} OK?L What were the kinds of things that you did when you went there besides ~lping your mother. Did you look for work your- slef?HB Yes.L What kind of--what did you do?HB Well, I looked for work. And, let's see, at that time, --I forget what they called - what they called that deal but anyway, I went up to apply for a job at one of these -- ah umm. One of these scoop shovels? Back loaders?L Rock loaders?HB BackL Back loaders.HB Yeah. back loaders. Because I knew how to operate one.But they wouldn't give me the job. L Why rot?
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:15HBHmmm. Well, they didn't give me the job because they had some whiteguy that they could put in there. So, I just worked out in the ditch. And then, finally, there - aguy came along that was going to open up a coal mine. AndI got in contact with him. So he carried me out there to Horse Canyon. And it wasn't nothing but a ~ hole in the side of the mountain. But it was the outcropping of coal. So, he carried me out there and we opened up that dog hole. Made an entrance. Opened up this mine. We drove on in to the mountain. And, the farther we got, why then he would start hiring somebody else to help us with it. And we went on into this dog hole. Devleoped the mine. So at thattime, it was just a wagon mine. We laid rails in the mine.Drug those big cars out of the mine. And dumped them into these trucks that American Fork - American Fork had cont~acted to get all this coal. Dumped them into there. And we wentin there and got a 8-foot vein of coal. And we drovethat coal back until we found this Utah fault. And thatfault was about 3 or 4 feet above where we had been getting this coal. About like that. So then we had to go up there and start getting the coal.What did it look like, the fault?!twas just like gravel or something. And it was about ya wide. Like that.four feet?Four or five feet. And there was nothing but gravel there. No coal. No nothing. Just this--just this gravel- SothatL HBL HBwas Wasatch Fault. So then, we went on in itfarther
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s1:tbL HBL HB L HBL HB L HB L HB L HB LHB L HB L HBand the coal was about up that far from where it was back here.There was that much coal available there.Yes. 8-foot vein of coal. So, after I left there. Why, Kaiser took it over. Kaiser took it over and ~ta railroad track and electricity and verything in there. And they started hauling that coal out through Sunnyside.Was that the other side of it?Yeah. Sunnyside was way up above, where that was.How much were you getting paid?Hmm. I don't know. Not very much- But anyway, theyput this electric line in there and railroad. And this particular mine that we devleoped froma dog hole, they said, there was enough coal in there to last for SOD years!That's a huge strike.Oh, yeah. They're still working wheneverthey want to.Was this in Carbonville still or was this Helper now?No, this was on the other side of Helper. On the other side of Helper.On the other side of W ellington.OK. Where were you living at this time? In C A rbonville.In Carbonville? In thathouse that you built?Ahuh.So how didyou go back and forth from work every day?I drove in the car.You drove in the car.Yeah. I had a car. And the only way I got the car was they weren't paying me my wages out there at the - where I was
 Howard Browne 9-14-83 s2:17L HBLHB L HBLHBL HBLworking. But they were selling coal to American Fork Coal Company up here at American Fork- So I had - what do you call- a transition-- Anyway, I had whatever wages I had coming, I had it transferred over to American Fork and they had to give me a car. Becuase they were selling motor cars and dealing in coal. So, I had a requisition made out to get so that I could get my wages and! got that car. But, - but even then, why, it cost me $40 a month for pay- ments on the car after what I had in there. And I couldn't make any kind of payments.You wanted thecar. Didyou want the car?Oh, yes. I had to have a car to get out to work. Becauseit was about 60 miles from where I lived.That's a long way for those days. A long way, boy, 60 miles each way1Yeah. .How long would it take you to get out there?Well, in those days, as young as I was, it didn't take melong. And then I had 3 or 4 riders you know go with me and help pay for the gas. No, as youngas I was, it didn't take me long to get out there.Did you--were you able to stay inthe mine and work there for ahile or did you haveto leave your job?Yeah, I had to leave the job. We went m strike and closed them down.What year was that.E:Until Kaiser came along and took it over at the beginning o f WW T w o .In 41 you mean.
 Howard Browne 8-14-83 s2:18HS Yeah, it must have been - no, we closed them down before '41. Because werooved up here in, I imagine, - Well, afterI left out there, I got a job at Peerless Mine Co. out inCarbon County. And I worked there until about 1939.L what was this placecalled, the first place you worked atthat was taken over by Kaiser?HS The place that was taken over by Kaiser.L What was it called?HB Horse Canyon. And then we moved - then I got a job atPeerless Coal Company and I worked for them for 3 or 4 years.And from there why we ~ved up to Salt Lake.L M~- Brown. {Leslie makes plan to continue interview Fridaymorning.} {Mr. Browne assents}HS Actually, I thought what you wanted was to see if I knewanything about the lynching and stuff.L {He does - he wants a whole history of one person.}The thing I'm curious about, how many yars where you downin Carbon County all togetber?HS Well, let's see. I'm 72- I'll be 72 next month and Iwas down there from around 12 years old, so figure thatout.L You were in Carbon county when you were twelve years old?I I thought youwent there with your wife?HB Oh, no. I wasin Carbon County way before I met my wife.L So how old were you when you left Carbon County. About 1940? HB Well, here's the thing about it. My mother was out here anI would come here to see her during the summers. And thenI would go back to Kansas to go to school. So I was involved
 Howard Browne 8-14-83 s2:19LHB LHB L HB Lwith Carbon County since about - since I was about 12 years old.I get you now. I understand now. And you ~me up to Salt Lake in what year?I think it was about 1939.All right. That would give me some approximation about how many years you spent there. So you were there al together about 17 years. Maybe. 16-17 years.Down in Carbon County?1923 to about 1939.Now what is this program you're doing?Well, I'm basically collecting the histories of minorityand ethnic people. And I'd like~ try toput together a history of how they see life in Utah. Of what they'velived through in Uta. So when I come back on Friday, I'dlike to talk about what it was like to live down in Carbon County if that's ok. What it was like to live and work there. This is a card.Andyou live~ Hungary?I was born there.Well, where do you live?I live in Salt Lake City. I was born there. I thought you asked where I came from.Well, let me tell you. Now, what is your name?Leslie Kelen.Well,.! may not be able to tell you what you want butat certain times, why, I may be able to tell you something _ áthatmight be interesting to you. But, life here in theHB L HB LHB L HBUnited States hasn't been really ~ood for us Blacks.
 Howard Browne 8-14-83 s2:20LHBLBecuase maybe the next time you come up, you might want to know about this lynching in Utah You might want to know where we could go and where we could eat. Where we could stay. And those kinds of things. Because, we haven't been able to go to theatres and certain places. We haven't been able to eat in certain places. We haven't been able todo a whole lot cr things because we're Black-So, maybeyou might want to know something about that. And then you may wnat to know about this lynching down there in Castle- Gate. The only lynching that! know of that ever happened. I'd like to know about it. I'll come back Friday morning about 10 o'clock .Now, I may not be able to tell you a whole lot about it. But I'll tell you what I know.that's sufficient. That's what I want to know.{he changes date to 11 Friday morning} end of tape one interview