 (/lPJ c:: 1--' :::i rt f-Já3:()PJ110' 0 :::i()0 3: t-3 :::i PJPJrt 11 tcj   (])0 :::i :::0K!() t'dtlj t'dLi (]) PJ 1111PJ H( ] )f-Járt11(]) 11 <:(]) ..()  f-Járt 0  l"1l  PJ ::r' ::r'lTl ..tJj 11PJ <: 113:  rt11 t1 f-Já tlj 0Lif-J á  m00 ::r'11 :::i0 '11PJ c:: rt 11 rt PJ  0.   0c::1--'tJj r t rtz1--' 0 PJLi:::0K!:::0 01--' f-Já ::r::PJ f-Já Li()1--' ( ) f-Já \..0 I m ....J .p.. r tw w 0 11 t'd 11:::ic::rtPJ::r'  CC-43 Carbon County Oral History Project CAMPEDELL, MARY AND ROMANO, MARYMarch 15, 1973 - Price, Utah Recrded by Mary BrandelSubjects: Various Places Lived In, Helper Upon Arrival, Recreation and Buildings Around Town, Peoplein the Neighborhood; Accidents, Comparison: The Old Country and America, Ethnic Traditions, Wages and Strikes, Correspondence and Travel.(])0  L..J.(]) 00 rt
 MARY CAMPEDELL AND MARY ROMANO Price, UtahAn Interview By Mary BrandelCarbon County Oral History Project T ape No. CC-43March 15, 1973Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsMarch 15, 1973Ta:pe #1:V arious Places Lived In . 1Helper Upon Arrival .Recreation and Buildings Around Town . 10People in the Neighborhood; Accidents . Comparison: The Old Country and America . Ethnic Traditions .Wages and Strikes .Correspondence and Travel .7. 14 . 18 . 22 . 26 . 28
 [THIS I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL ROMANO . ALSO PRESENT, I THINK, ARE MR.AND MARY CAMPEDELLMrC AND I THI NK THE INTERVIEWER IS MRS.ABBREVIATEDCAMPEDELL'SI S 1 9 7 2 AND THIS I S PART OF PROJECT.]WITH XC. THE YEARGRANDDAUGHTER , ABBREVIA TED THE CARBONCOUNTY ORALHISTORYXC: What day were you born?MC: I was born February 5, 1897.XC: Where were you born, the city?MC: Oh, Caruzo. [In Italian] In Torino.XC: What part of Italy?MC: Northern part of Italy.XC: Can you remember the town?MC: Oh yes.XC: What was it like?MC: Oh, it was a nice town, Caruzo [In Italian]. Lots ofvineyards--lots of factories.XC: That was a big town?MC: About 8,000 people.XC: What was your mom and dad doing?MC: Oh, we used to make brick in the factory. That's whatwe used to do, we didn't have the land to work, we used to go out in the summertime and make bricks . In the wintertime I used to go to the factory.XC: And you helped them?MC: Yes, oh yes. I had to when I was eleven years old. XC: Did your brothers and sisters help?MC: Just my brother. Me and my brother is t he one we done
 MRS.MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1more because the others they was younger. I worked in a factory where they used to make the goods you know,the material you know, in the wintertime. In the summertime I make bricks. Then I was in [In Italian] Torino as a servant you know, but not very much, I'd rather go work like that in a factory than be a servant. They don't give me enough to eat. (Chuckle) Why did you come to America?My Aunt Mrs. Labori she send me the ticket and I come out with them to work with them, to be a servant with them, see.What year did you come?I came 1913 in Helper. What port did you leave?I leave in La Havre when I came, La Havre, France, that port and then I came to New York port.At that island?Oh, how do you say that island with that statue? Me I can't think of it because we had every foreigner, we have to go there in that island. Ellis Island?Ellis Island.Yes, Ellis Island.Can you remember your trip over; what it was like?Oh yes, it was awful in a boat because in that boat we didn't have much. We used to sleep in those thingsXC: MC:XC: MC: XC: MC:XC: MC:XC: MC: XC: MC:2
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1just with the canvas you know, that's all you know no bed just the canvas you know. One on top of the other one.XC: Was there a lot of other Italian people?MC: Oh yes.XC: And so you got to know them pretty good.MC: Well, I met some people, they was coming this way inCalifornia and this lady I came with she had to come with me because I was only sixteen and they didn't let me come by myself. But this lady she stop inIllinois.XC: When you got to New York what was it like?MC: Oh, they put me a ticket here because I don't knowhow to read nor nothing. Then I have to watch when they pull out that stick with that ticket I have here I have to go and then I went in the train you see. Then from the train oh we stop in Boston, Buffalo, we stop in Pueblo. I don't remember the other places, I remember Pueblo and we stayed there for a bit and then in Buffalo we stop I know I get off you know. Maybe I stop someplace else too because it took us five days to come, five days in the train from New York to Helper.XC: So from New York to Helper, Utah? MC: Yes, to Helper, Utah.3
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1XC: Did you know anybody here?MC: Yes, Mrs. Labori. I don't think you remember her, shedied a long time ago. I guess you remember right. MR: John's mother.MC: John's Mother. She had a rooming house, you see and I came and helped her wash and iron, make beds, and after we did the dishes, you know. Then I met Pete. It was there again that I met Pete. He was working for Fossat then in a Bosone building.XC: How many years were you here?MC: Oh, if you don't talk louder I won't hear you.MrC: When I came it was 1907.MC: 1907 he come to Bingham.MrC: Bingham County, Utah is where I work in the mine.Then I stayed about ten months without working and looking for job all around and then I went and learned to be a baker. Then I work five years, four or five years in the same place to learn to be a baker. Then I left there and went to Wyoming for about three months and then I come back to Bingham again. Then in 1912 I come to Helper and I work for Louie Fossat for about four years, yes four years and a half something like that. Then I worked for Mike Majerus, you don't know Mike but maybe she know. But I work for Majerus for about, oh, over a year I guess4
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1or something like that. Then I work for your grandfather down there with Mike.MC: Mike was--the other one was named Eddie. MrC: Eddie was about--MC: Oh, he was not much ---?----MrC: That's right.MC: Do you remember how you use to say it?MrC: And the--yes, we worked quite a bit for yourgrandfather. Then we left to Bingham and we stayed there another year or so and then we come back again and work for Fossat.MC: No, no, we went to California then.MrC: Huh?MC: We stayed in Bingham a couple of years and then wewent to California in 1919. MrC: Oh yes.MC: Then you work in the railroads?MrC: Yes, I work for the Western Pacific Railroad forabout a year. Then another year I work in the baker'sshop.MC: Then we come back.MrC: Then we come back and work for Fossat again. Thenafter we started a bakery down here ourselves. MC: No.MrC: Then I worked for Leary again huh? 5
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MC: N o .MrC: Yes.MC: But then we started a bakery in the Flaim Buildingtoo.MrC: Oh yes, the Flaim Building, that's right. Then Iworked for Leo out after, your grandfather. Then your grandfather rent the bakery to Robin Bakery, a fellow from Colorado you see and then I started up over here.MC: Now wait, ---?---- maybe ask you something else.XC: When you first got here did you ever want to go backto Italy?MC: No. I went back in 1923 which was the first time thatI went back with Frank, he was my little boy you see. Then when I was there I cried so much that I didn't like it. Oh, we suffered so much that year, I didn't like it anyway. Then I didn't go no more 'till 1946. Then I liked it a bit better you know. Because I went eight times in Italy and in 1950 was a little better and every time I go it get's better all the time but oh 1923 I cried so much. I want to come home you know and it was kind of hard, I was not an American citizen then. It was hard, you know, to come back. Some people in Colorado made my passport and they didn't make it right, I had lots of trouble. But I6
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1finally come you know because my aunt she was a citizen, it was more easy here and Frank you know but me I had a little trouble with Mussolini. But then we come back.XC: What did you expect to find when you got here?MC: Oh when I got back here. People had the ---?--- thatyear in 1923.MrC: Oh yes over here.XC: The first time before you got here did you have anyidea what you was going to find?MC: Well you know, when I stopped in Buffalo I didn'tlike America. I said, "Oh, I hope where I go is going to better than this." I didn't like the big city you know. We stopped and we went around to somebody else you know. But when I got into Helper I liked it.XC: What was it like when you got here?MC: Oh, it was they didn't have no electric light, theydidn't have nothing in the house. Of course it was a little better than Italy you know. A little better than Italy. Italy in 1913, a lot more in the streets, oh boy. I cried out there because I left my mother you know and I was the oldest one in the family. I had to come here and work you know. But I didn't want to go back you know because I was there with my aunt you know. But lots of people that come to this7
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1country they want to go back you know, but they didn't have the money to go back.XC: When you got here there was Austrian people?MC: Yes, there was Austrian people, there was lots ofJapanese in Helper too and South Italian you know.XC: Did you have any problems with the othernationalities? MC: No, no.XC: So you all got along?MC: Yes, we got along fine. I tried to learn the Englishlanguage you know, no it was pretty good I enjoyedit.XC: What were your first impressions of Carbon County,did you really like it?MC: Yes, but when I went down to Price it was a littlebit different you know then too, it was nice.XC: When you got here where did you live when you firstgot here?MC: I live with Mrs. Labori in that house and then theymoved out and then they made the other one you know. She had four rooms and I use to sleep in the dining room and the boys had the other bedroom and my aunt and uncle had the other bedroom and they had the kitchen.XC: Were they down by the old school house then? 8
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MC: No, it was here, behind the building here.XC: Oh oh.MC: Yes. But then by the school house it was Pete Laboriused to live there.XC: Used to live down here by the Flaim building?MC: Sure.MC: You know, where the beauty shop is now, thatbuilding. Then that wooden house burned down and theybuilt the block one.MC: No, the Blocone is the Flaim house and the other isLabori. The other one in the back.XC: The one that's just burnt now?MC: Yes, yes. My aunt and uncle used to live there sowhen I came from Italy I went there, that house. Cause they burned down but they build them all the same you know. The one that was before was better though, better built, yes. But you know my Uncle Labori was so stingy, he didn't want to build good, you know. It was Flaim, Mr. Ed they use to live back there Regruto use to live there. So people from Spring Canyon, Mrs. Flaim's brother and sister-in-law you know and then the Bergera's use to live in that brick building you know, there was lots of people there.XC: Do you remember any things that happened in Helper? 9
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MC: No. Where I used to live in that from the building,the Bargera Building there was the horse, they use to have the horse stable there and we use to have two room right there. Oh, that was awful. We use to have only two room. It was cold, oh it was cold in those houses, just those old buildings you know.you know, I use to visit with her and visit with Mrs.Fossat you know. Irene was just a little baby then. MrC: I think ---?--- brick building in Helper, Utah, the real one. Mrs. Bosone's house was the first brickbuilding.MC: Yes, and that one down there.MrC: The one down there by YMCA.MC: Yes, that's the only one I saw.MrC: It used to be like this one here, this used to have awreck about two months ago.MC: Oh, more than that.MrC: They ruined the fence and broke a window.MR: Yes, they tore all of the corner out of that house,that was the second house that was burnt? MrC: Yes.XC: What did you do when you weren't working?MC: Oh, I use to knit some stocking. Yes, my aunt wouldI'm sure it was just a shell.XC:MC: And that Mrs. Bosone use to live on the other side10
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1make me knit stocking for the miners, you know.XC: Did the Italian people get together and like have parties or something?MC:XC:MC:XC: MC: XC: MC: XC: MC: XC: MC:We use to go to the church in those days but not much party. Oh yes, we use to have the dinner for the holiday you know, gathering together you know, oh yes.How did you celebrate the holidays like Christmas or- -?Oh we had nice dinner, we use to have turkey, chicken, you know.And a lot of people got together?Yes.Did people come down from the coal camps? Yes.And get together with--Yes, that's right, Uh huh.Did you meet a lot of people from the coal camps?Yes, just a few because me I never went that way, I never went. He never took me up there and I never see those camp up there. But then my cousin took me, John Labori, you know Pete, because I would have remembered, he took me to see all of those camps up here. You know, how many people up there.Yah, there were a lot of them.MR:11
 MRS.MC:MR: MC: XC: MC: MR: MC: XC:MC:MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1Yes, in those days they didn't have no church you know, we use to go to the railroad church you know. The chapel.The chapel yes.And that was just right in town wasn't it?Uh huh.It was right next to the depot.Yes, next to the depot.Now, was that a church for everybody or was it just a Catholic Church?And the Catholic Church they didn't have it. Then they have that one up there going to the cemetery but it was a long time after that you know. Maybe in Price they have it but I don't remember. Well, I used to go down in Price and see Mrs. Grosso and Mr. Grosso you know, the Grosso's use to have the hotel there. Both Grosso's had the hotel, two brothers. One was from across the track and the other was right in town you know and still got there by the Sampino's you know.Was the school down there for the school.Huh.Was it in Helper, a school?Yes.Where was it?XC: MC: XC: MC: XC:12
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MC: The school?XC: Uh huh.MC: The school was down that way, the one that burneddown but that's the only one that was it, then. RC: Central School.MC: Central School.XC: There was a lot of ---?--- down here.MC: That was the only one we had in Helper for a longtime.MS: Then they built the wings on and made it larger.XC: When you first got here did you plant a garden?MC: No, because we had the house, no it was before. Ohyes, when we used to rent down to Litizzette we never had no garden, we didn't have much of a yard you know. We used to, we rent for ten years and then we buy this place in September you know and then we had the garden here but not before. Just flower, a few flower in front you know.XC: So your vegetables and stuff, you just bought them in a store?MC: Yes.XC: Was it a company store?MC: No, it was a Fossat and Bergera it was no companystore. Fossat had a grocery store and Bergera. XC: Didn't Joe Rolando have the store?13
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1 MC: Oh yes, Joe Rolando and Joe Elegante. XC: And Joan Mutz.MC: Yes, that's right.MR: I remember Joe Rolando and Joan Mutz being together and John Skerl, the three of them worked together.MC: Did you use to live here all the time.MR: No, he lived up in Castle Gate.MC: Oh, I see.MR: Then he went to Royal to make an endowment.XC: Do you remember the policeman, did you have asheriff?MrC: Well, I remember only--yes I remember a Mr. Louis wasa policeman. Mr. Louis and ---?--- Louis more thanbefore (In Italian).XC: Well, then Mr. Louis was the head then Tony Perri . MC: Oh yes, Tony Perri and Louis was first and then aTony Perri. That's a long time ago.MrC: Tony Perri, he was a cop for a long time. Then afterhim then they had one fellow from Colorado and I forgot his name, just one policeman in those days there was. Then there was Knabb, Mr. Knabb.MC: Oh yes, they had Mr. Knabb too at one time.MrC: Then after Knabb why they had two policeman and nowthey got three of four don't they? MC: Four they got now.14
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MrC: Before just one and there was more people than now.Of course they had all the camps, all the Spring Canyon here was about five miles and then Sunnyside, Dragerton, Colombia and over here is Mohrland and Hiawatha, three mine over here . Peerless above Castle Gate and Heiner and Rolapp .MC: Peerless was not above Castle Gate. MrC: And Castle Gate--MC: Peerless wasn't this way.MrC: There was a new Peerless up there too? MC: Oh yes.MrC: You remember where got killed?MC: Yes.MrC: I think it was Peerless, new Peerless.XC: Do you remember the doctors?MC: We had Dr. Slopanski and we had Dr. Elliot in thosedays, Dr. Gionotti and Dr. Lowe a long time ago.XC: Those are all gone?MC: Yes. Dr. Elliot. Dr Gionotti, Slopanski, and Dr. Lowebefore- -the dentist we use to have a Jap , f unny Id o n 't remember him . MrC: Mr. Farish.MC: Yes but there use to be a Jap too.MrC: Oh yes.MC: Sure, a long time ago. Joe, around there was the Jap.15
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1 I remember I had my teeth fixed.PC: Then we had a mailman who was a Chinaman, he was a mailman from the Depot he bring the mail down right where the Texaco station is now. They had a littleshed there with the post office, I remember.XC: Dad told me that the boys cut his ponytail off.MC: Yes, that right, that Jap, that dumb Chinaman.XC: Yes, he was telling us about that. When the CastleGate mine disaster happened what was it?MC: I was over here, in 1924. Yes, people went up there and brought doughnuts and bread for those people. It was awful, it was awful. I take care of a little girl that day, her father got killed up there. It was that Esperoni you know, Caroline you know, she was alittle tiny girl.MrC: When the explosion, Castle Gate I was back at theoven down here and the ashes had just come out like that, boom, just like an explosion. Something happened and it was terrific.XC: Did a lot of people come down here for the funerals and stuff?MC: Some. I went up to that Church and saw, I never see dead men from the mine you know, and it was Nick Capoletti, Mrs. Garavaglia's brother. I told Mr. Capoletti, the older brother and said, "Oh, I'd like16
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1to see him because I used to him you know." They didn't want to show it to us because, it was bad. I thought I would like to see what they look after they get that explosion, oh it was awful, it was awful. He open up in church, it was nobody just us you know. Mr. and Mrs. Cavianni but Mrs. Garavaglia she was pregnant with Jenny you know, yes it was awful that time too. Then there was another explosion, your grandma and grandpa down there, they was hurt bad that time too. There the -- - ?--- they take away t he car.MrC: The blast.MC: The blast yes.MrC: They took the car up here and they had a lot ofchicken killed you know and one man got his leg cutoff and he died on the way to Salt Lake.XC: Where was this at?PC: It was down near the Dugway, on this road going downto the bridge.MR: They were making a road up on the hill and they wereblasting weren't they?MC: Yes, they was blasting.XC: Did you get mail from Italy while you were here? MC: Ohyes.XC: Did you get newspapers or something?17
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MC: No, just a letter. Oh, after they send me, they useto send me a bulletin from the Church ---?--- my poormother and father they send it to me you know.XC: Did you read the newspaper around here like the onefrom Salt Lake?MC: Yes, I start to read and then I learn you see.Because I didn't go to school. I wish I went to school when I was young you see. But I had to work and then I got married young you know. I went to school before I get an American citizen, in California I went to school for the, what do you call all those questions, you know.MR: So you could pass your tests and you could get your citizenship.MC: That's right, that's right. What did they use to call that book? They had something important.MR: Civic.MC: Huh?MR: Civic government?MC: Yes.XC: When you come did you understand the government?MC: Oh yes, I went to San Francisco and passed the testsyou know and I become an American citizen in 1943.XC: Did you belong to any organizations like a--?MC: I used to belong to Pythian Sister when I use to live18
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1 in Helper but that's all.XC: Do you remember any more that they had? MC: No, I don't remember.XC: There was a Christopher Columbus Club. MC: N o .XC: Don't you remember any of those?MC: XC:MC: XC: MC: XC: MC:XC: MC:XC: MC:No.Was there any Italian organizations like in the Church or anything?No, I don't remember them either.Would you like to go back to Italy now?To go back to Italy to live?Yes.No, I'm use to here. We tried you know, we went forfifteen months you know, 1966 but we couldn't get used to it.Do you like it here?I used to like it but I miss this country. We've been here so long, I've been here, this year it will be sixty years that I've been here.Sixty years.Sixty years, it's a long time, you know, you can get used to it over there. You know the last time I went, last June I went. I enjoyed it so much but the last two days that I was there I was ready to come home, I19
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1had enough, I wanted to come horne. Oh, I wish we could go right now, I got enough now you see. Well, you know, you got no horne and it's hard. My mother and father are not there no more and the sister you know is different, they don't have the place mysister, they got an apartment in Torrina you know they don't have very much see. But my brother's got a nice apartment, I used to stay with him all the time when I used to go but the summer I didn't stay because they had a bedroom ---?--- after the girl got married, you see. So I stayed in my horne town with some lady friends you know. When I was young you know. I pay my board and room and then we go visit-- -?--- Oh it's changed, now in Italy it is pretty good now because they got a nice house that they making now but everything is higher than here. It's better to live here.XC: Is there anything else you would like to tell us about.MC: Well, there is nothing else to tell you. I just tell you when I carne from Italy, it was pretty hard. Mr. Barboglio was the mayor those days when I carne from Italy. He write me a nice letter and some note to show that this, look at my ticket because we couldn't speak English. Then they want us to sell the bananas,20
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1you know they used to go around and sell this stuff because we used to put the money in the hand and they would pick them up what it was because we don't know how much it is. It was really hard, it is really hard when you don't know the langauge. But we got back allright, we got back, we'll got here all right. When I came home and I see Helper, "Oh boy, this is the place I go." I had two men that was going to Bingham. I met them in the train you know and they didn't want me to get off. I said, "This is the place I got to get off." Instead of say, "Helper." I say "Kelper" because of that thing in the front see. Then I saw my aunt I recognize here from the picture I had in Italy. So those men they threw my suitcase from the window down. I said, "I got to go, if you don't let me go I get my suitcase." I didn't have much anyway. I was glad, when I came down from the railroad to the company house I met Mrs. Grimes, I don't think you remember her. I remember that old lady all the time that poor Mrs. Grimes, Leta Grimes do you remember Leta?XC: No.MC: No see, it was a long time ago. She talked to me, atfirst I don't know what she said but my aunt she explain it to me you see.21
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO [END OF SIDE ONE]THE FOLLOWING I S A N INTERVIEW BY MARY MARY ROMANO ON MARCH 15, 1973.MR: Why did you immigrate to America? MC: For a better living.MR: Okay, when did you come to America? MC: 1914.# 1BRANDOLWITH MRS.MR: Did you come to America alone?MC: No, I got some--my brother-in-law, I come here to mybrother-in-law he was up here.MR: Did you know anyone in this country before you camehere?MC: Oh yes, I got relatives up there in Price.MR: When you came to this country did you intend toreturn to the old country some day? MC: No.MR: Have you been back to visit?MC: No.MR: What did you expect to find when you came to thiscountry?MC: I don't know, it was a surprise because I'm seventeen---?--- all the time.MR: Did you experience any prejudice when you first cameto this country?22
 MRS.MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MC: MR: MC: MR: MC: MR: XC: MC:MR:MC: MR:MC:MR: MC: MR:MC:No.Why did you come to Carbon County?Because my husband work over there.What was your first impressions of Carbon County?(Break) He worked at the coal mine. [In Italian] Do you have to record that again?It's going.It was a big surprise to see coal mine and all the big pile at the depot and everything in this coal place.What adjustments in your everyday life did you have to make when you came to the United States?Ah, about the same.Can you recall any personal experiences that might be of interest to us concerning your early years in Carbon County. (Break) Would you like to repeat that. I like the train, I like (In Italian) the buggy. But it was about the same ---?--- just the same in Helper, Price, and in all of the mining camps. Yes. Were there other Italian people here when you came? Oh, there's lots of Italian people, lot's of--Did you carry any of your old country ways when you first came to Carbon County?Oh, about the same, just around normally in Italy and there wasn't very much difference.23
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MR: Do you remember any songs and dances that you couldteach us? MC: Oh n o .XC: What did you do in the camp when you had the spare time?MC: In camp I sew and I cook. Wash by hand. You know no gotta very much time to waste because by the time we do all the work it was very hard. They avoided outside and they busy all the time.XC: So what did people do to get to know each other in this camp?MC: Oh, there's lots of friendly people and they come and visit.MR: And help one another.MC: Yes, help from each other.XC: So people were pretty friendly?MC: Yes, and my good friends ---?---- they need to helpthe people. There's lots of good people in this country, American people and they try to teach me to talk, try to teach me to do things like, they use better time, to wash their clothes, everything they wash by hand could be warm the water on top of the stove they like a because they are different ---?--- - top of the stove. Wash by hands in a machine, you get busy all the time. Helping is some nice old lady24
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1learn to teach me to talk to teach me what I have to do.XC: Did you meet other people like the Austrians?MC: Yes, lots of Austrians but by the time they Austrians are talking English, the Italians talking English,and we didn't understand very much.XC: But after a while you got to know each other.MC: Yes, yes.XC: What camp did you go to first?MC: Castle Gate.XC: Did grandpa work there?MC: Yes, both in Castle Gate ---?--- until let's seeuntil the explosion.XC: Did you move after that?MC: Yes when I move I move in a house I live now my fifthyear in house and I've spent sixty years in this country and in Castle Gate there are four children born in Castle Gate. Yes, by the time the kids go in the house there is no one in the house for them, those who were corning in the house they deliver the baby and by the time we have to stay nine days in bed ---?--- nine days in bed and then you could get up and try to help yourself.XC: Do you remember the names of the doctors? MC: Dr. Medran and [in Italian]25
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1MR: Dr. McDermmot was one. (Break)XC: You moved to Castle Gate, was that the first placeyou come?MC: Yes.XC: So you built your house up there?MC: No, the company built the house when we come from theold country the company gave me the normal house,four room house in the Willow Creek.XC: Did you have to trade in the company store?MC: Yes, the people who manage the store they keep allthe money here at the store and they say do you want one of this, one of this, and one of this and they give you the money and they treat you all the time good.XC: So did you use those tokens, those scripts that the mine gave?MC: Yes.XC: Instead of money, you used that token?MC: The first time I a come ---?--- if you pay ---?---company store.XC: What was the wages like that grandpa got in the mine? MC: Oh, in the mine by that time the wages were very low.My husband work for Helper for three dollars a day. Three dollars every day and they mine or work three days a week.26
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1XC: How long did he work a day, how many hours?MC: How many hours, eight hours. ---?---- of course bythe time after working eight hours and no coming home, go early in the morning and come home late at night because ---?--- work in Number One then after two or three years and then change to Number Two. They call it a ---?--- four and number one they'11 call it a two four and then they change and this time they build a washing house and a little ---?--- Castle Gate and there is lots of friends because I first ---?--- Little Johnny come and visit me and my 1ittle baby and try to help me and poor thing she died I think around, I think she died in 1920 is whenshe died and ---?---XC: Can you remember when mines went on strike and youquit working for the workers?MC: 1922 the miners go on strike.XC: Did Grandpa strike with them.MC: Uh huh. Grandpa's strike (become company help fortheir first and they building too many houses stay over there) and one of these when the strikers tried to settle up we went to Rolapp for one year and after the explosion in '24 and in '24 we come back again in Castle Gate to work for another couple of years and I'll come and make it a ---?---27
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1XC: In Castle Gate did you have policeman like a sheriff? MC: Oh, you betcha, you betcha. Our police was JimmyBottino you know and let's see. ---?--- oh yes. ---?- -- in Castle Gate---?--- I forget ---?---.XC: Well, did grandpa ever talk about the working conditions, about what the miners were like inside? You know, what it was like inside the mine?MC: Yes, They had to dig the coal by picking and at that time there was no machine, no machinery, nothing. The hole in the mine they (In Italian) in the mine. So(In Italian) no machinery at that time. You make machinery by hands by self (In Italian) .XC: Did he work in the mine over in Italy?MC: No, he come when he was young, in this country heXC: MC:come when he was seventeen and started going in the mine when he was eighteen years old, he started in one year. The first time and we stay over there for a couple year and everything. In a couple of years--- ?--- he move into Clear Creek. In 1910 he coming into Castle Gate one year the company have to wait for me and he come in Castle Gate.Did you get mail from your family in Italy?Oh yes. ---?--- before you get mail you have to wait oh, twenty days to go and twenty to come not too much news, a month and a half before it come back.28
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1XC: Did they send you like newspapers and stuff?MC: The only Italian paper maybe from San Francisco andin Italy and then in Utah.XC: How did you get your mail like did you have amailman?MC: No, by the time we have to go into the post office toget mail. In Castle Gate they have a post office and they put it in a little box ---?--- you ask and the customer send them to you.XC: Was there a library in Castle Gate?MC: No, no.XC: Was there one in Helper?MC: By the time I can't remember one in Castle Gate. XC: Was there a Catholic Church in Castle Gate?MC: No. Just a Mormon Church but no Catholic Church, no. XC: Just the Mormon Church?MC: Yes, uh huh.XC: So did you go to church anyplace.MC: Oh sometime I got to ---?--- kids if they wed you prefer song and ---?--- in Price was to happy to go in Price.XC: Okay, do you still have your passport papers?MC: No, I lost it all.XC: Well, would you ever want to go back to Italy?MC: Ah, now I'm too old I won't be going to Italy no29
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1more. I got a big home over there because my mom and dad died with a business over there and I got a big home and everyone--me and my sister come to thiscountry and my mother herself carne and a rich man come to South America ---?--- and my house, my big house ---?--- church and a little ---?---. Sooner or later it fall out there ---?--- half a block and one big church and a little church that's in my horne and now I gotta no horne over there and I got no brother, I got no sister, I got no parents, I no got nobody-- -?--- by rnyself ---?--- why do you have to go over there for.XC: What town were you born in?MC: Castalsiano(?) (In Italian) to come to this country. XC: So you left from Napoli?MC: Yes, uh huh.XC: And then you come to--did you go to New York?MC:MC: MC:Yes and then from New York to Castle Gate and I have to travel twenty days at a time. The train stop over there and stop over there and stop over here to get a passenger in. It take me twenty day and a half to come in here. You bet.What day were you born on?(In Italian) Alpine in Castle Gate the ---?--- inCastle Gate and don't turn here. He don't die maybe 30
 MRS. MARY CAMPEDELL AND MRS. MARY ROMANO # 1five to six years ago and they ---?--- and this Dr.- --?--- go to specialist for the eye and maybe five to six years ago he die .XC: Okay. So you like living in Carbon County.MC: Huh?XC: Do you like living here?MC: Oh yes, this is where I make all my friends and thisand my home town, I don't change from Carbon Countyfor no money. XC: Okay .MC: I got a daughter in California and when I go after two or three days I want to coming home because I enjoy it here. I enjoy the people and I enjoy every bit of this place.XC: Okay.MC: I like the trade and nobody bother us especially mehere in the ---?--- everybody like me, everybody tell me I won't a miss no money and everybody is really friends and sure I like it.XC: That's all.MC: That's all.XC: Yes, thank you. MC: ---?---[END OF INTERVIEW]31