  JOHN & LORRAINE H I L L Grand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-187July 21, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 21. 1970Tape #1:First Job at Climax ........... . Second Job at Uravan.Facilitiesin1936 ¥¥Social Life; Medicine.Other Aspects of UravanPositions Held.Buying and Selling O re.The Manhattan District and Weber Report. Other Mines and MinersConvincing People Uranium Was Needed . . .Union Carbide's Indecisiveness . . . . Union Carbide in W estern Colorado . . . . .1 . 5 ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 8 . . 11 . 16 19 23 ¥¥¥¥¥¥27 32 37 42 46. .
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH JOHN W. H I L L , RETIREDGENERAL MANAGER OF THE MINING AND MET ALSD I V I S I O N OF THECARBIDE CORPORA TION, CONDUCTED BY JUNCTION, COLORADO, ON JUL Y 2 1 , 1 9 7 0 . MRS.UNIONGRANDH I L LWAS CONDUCTED FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY PROJECT. [TAPE #1.]CLARE ALSO CONTRIBUTED TO T H I S INTER VIEW . T H I SENGLE AT LORRAINE INTER VIEWCE: Thank you very much, Mr. Hil1, for taking time to talk with me. I'm really flattered that all you Grand Junction people are so accommodating to those of us who have come in and converged on you. I hope that we can begin by talking about you and your background, where you were born and when you were born if you'll tell me that.JH: Sure. Well, you're welcome, of course, here in our home and in Grand Junction, better known as Colorado ---?--- I was born in Hanna, Wyoming, in 1909, in March. Of course, that's a coal mining town. But [I was] raised in the western par_t of the state of Washington. [I went] to high school at Tenino, Washington, and graduated in Mining Engineering atWashington State University, Pullman, Washington, in1932.CE: What kind of degree specifically? An engineeringdegree?JH: An engineering degree in mining. An engineer inmines, I think, or something like that in 1932. From there I worked a few years at the Climax, the Molybdenum Company at Climax, Colorado. That would be
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1after the depression, 1936. But prior to 1936 as a mining engineer, at which time they were developing the large molybdenum mine up at Climax. I left that position and went to work for the United States Vanadium Corporation with headquarters in Grand Junction, Colorado, but the mining operations were at Rifle, Colorado and Uravan, Colorado. This was 1936.CE: About 10 years after Union Carbide bought the U.S.V. facilities at Rifle.JH: Well, my understanding is that U.S.V. bought the Rifle facilities or the Rifle mine about 1926. And the work at Uravan, the preliminary work on the evaluation of the vanadium deposits in that area was started about 1932, as I recall from conversations with Mr. Burwell, who was general manager at that time and is now deceased. Well, I worked at Uravan as a junior engineer and my work at that time was mapping the underground workings in that area that were purchased from or acquired from the Old Standard Chemical Company by the U.S. Vanadium Corporation, and those workings were rather extensive. Although we had many mine maps, the mine maps were not up-to-date and my job at that time was a mining engineer, a junior engineer. We mapped a lot of the old workings that contained large quantities of developed ore.2
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1Ores that contained approximately 2% V-205. Although we didn't pay any attention at that t ime, the uranium content was probably around 0.3 % U-308 .The V meaning vanadium?CE: JH:CE: JH:Yes. The v is vanadium and the 308 i s urani um oxide . Well, that work continued for several years and thenI was promoted to a miner.Could I ask what you mean by mapping?Well, it's just like making a map of the city streets. In other words, you have all of the streets all recorded on a piece of paper and you know by looking at this map, it has--it's oriented where the streets are. Wel1, underground, or in a mine, you have mine openings, you have excavations, and if you don't have a map, you don't know where you are going in there. So it's just a picture of the underground workings in a mine.A geologist had done the initial survey work and then you mapped it out following that.No, some of these areas were basically--much of the area was covered by old mining claims. Some of themwere patented. Then the areas were explored by tunnels from the rims. Now this country was canyon country and this ore from the---?--- on the canyon rims or someplace on the surface where the strataCE:JH:3
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1would come to the surface. That's where the discoveries were made and that's where the original work was done. Just run that tunnel down into the ground and follow that ore and then take the ore out as you follow áit underground, just following it physically. Our job was to make maps of some of these underground workings that were mined probably in the period of the old Standard Chemical Companyoperations. The mines were probably started around 1914 and mined say up until the period around 1922. At that time these mines were being mined for high grade uranium for the purpose of recovering the radium content that had a constant ratio with the uranium in these ores. The story goes that the original uranium-bearing ores that Madame Curie used to discover or recover radium came from Colorado. But whereever you go they'11 tell you the same story. Where they have uranium, they'11 tell you that it came from their location. But some of these uranium ores in the early days were actually shipped, I think some of it found its way to France and I think that most of it we shipped back into Pennsylvania somewhere, where they recovered the uranium and also recovered some of the radium and used the uranium mostly in ceramics as a coloring element. Well, we4
 MR.AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1mapped these mines; I say we, because you don't do it yourself, you have a group, with transits and tapes like you do any other surveying. Then of course when you are coming up in this business you want a betterjob, and I was told that if I wanted to get more money for my work that I would have to be a miner, so for about 6 months I worked as a miner, up south of Uravan, there at ---?--- Park. From there then I became a mine foreman. That lasted for about a yearin a place called---?--- Basin, just out of Uravan. What did you do as a miner?Run machines, a rock drill and blast and just what the miners have to excavate the ore. That was the job. Load the cars and so forth. Of course the cars were small in those days. But a lot of work was done by hand with wheelbarrows and loading small cars that you pulled to the surface or pushed to the surface on a horizontal track, all hoisted by cables to the surface.Were there many other miners with you in that area? These are all mines, because the plant at that time was only processing about 200 tons of ore a day and it didn't take very many people to supply the needs of such a plant. Little plants nowadays will handleabout 5 times as much ore as they were handling then. 5CE: JH:CE: JH:
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1CE: Is this the biggest facility that USV had?JH: The Rifle plant was about the same size, the oldRifle plant. The Rifle plant was shut down, I don't remember along, about 1940, or '39 or '40. I'd say around '40, because you couldn't recover the vanadium economically. It was shut down for that reason. As a matter of fact, some of the plant facilities at Rifle were transferred to Uravan because you could recover the vanadium ore at Uravan cheaper than you could at Rifle. The Rifle plant was abandoned at that time.CE: Wasn't the Uravan plant, weren't the mines there richer in uranium?JH: Yeah, but we weren't recovering uranium in those days.CE: Not by 1939? Still not interested?JH: No. Actually the--Mr. Burwell was running the companyat the time. The tailings, the waste material from that plant was actually stockpiled just right there in the town of Uravan, mostly on the southeast side of the river. Most of the tailings, that's some of the first material that was reprocessed by the mining engineers in the Manhattan Engineering Project for uranium in the United States.CE: That was about what, 1943, when they began this?JH: Yeah. Along about that time. I spent about a year6
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1traveling for Union Carbide, the New York office, all over the United States on various pr oj ects , and thenit got pretty quiet along about 1945. The Uravan plant was shut down and the Rifle plant was shut down and I was given a leave-of-absence for a year. We worked for Dr. Vandervilt and Dr. Ben Parker. Now, Dr. Ben Parker was the president of the college, the [ColoradoJ School of Mines at that time, and Dr. Parker had followed him in a year or two as president of the college of the School of Mines. And their job was to evaluate about 3,000,000 acres of the Ute lands, the Ute Indian lands for various minerals that they, the Ute Indians were trying to get paid from the federal government that they should have had at the time that the lands were turned over to them, and the evaluation was based on a 1938 date. That was handled by the man who was President of BYU at thattime, Mr. Wilkinson. Well, for there--CE: Can we go back to Uravan? I am very interested inUravan and the company town. I'm hoping to developthat quite extensively, to do a paper on it. JH: I see.CE: Because as far as I can find, in the many libraries as I have checked, and through the Reader's Guide which I have used extensively, nothing has ever been7
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1written on Uravan as a company town. I am told that Union Carbide does own it and the land and leasessome of the facilities. I'd like to know about the life in Uravan at the time that you were there. How you and your wife felt about living in a small town as that.JH: Of course it's really quite interesting. When I went down in July 1936 they were just building the first plant. They were also just building the company houses. This is a company town and it's built along some old patented plaster claims and there's gold along that river, the San Miguel. There are a lot of old plaster claims all the way along there, and when you go down there you will see an old plume that hangs on the canyon wall there that they--but that was first gold. The town is located on old plaster claims and on the river. The plant is on one side and the houses are on the other. If you haven't been down there, you will see it. They also bought a ranch there and it's known as the Club Ranch, it's just a little town and it's one of the old ranches in this part of the country. But we moved down there, and Idon't know when you go there. But anyway, the company built these houses. I think the one we lived in had about 900 square feet, 2 bedrooms and a shower, no8
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1cupboards and a monkey-stove, do you know what that is?CE: I don't.JH: I didn't think that you did, but a monkey-stove is alittle flat-top stove with water coils and you heatthe water and you fire the coal.CE: That's what you cooked on?JH: No. That was the hot-water heater. Then we had theregular coal stove, you know, the oven and the heating things involved, and that was coalified and that's what we cooked on. Then the front room was about the size of that bedroom in there and had a big old coal stove in it. Of course that's not uncommon in a lot of places nowadays, but we're far from that anymore. All of that was fired with coal and the company owned the coal mine up by Nucla, Colorado. That coal was what we used to heat our water, do our cooking and heat our house. No air-conditioning. So we had these houses, and I don't remember how many there were, but they've built a few more since, asyou will see. They're much better houses than theones that we lived in.CE: The company paid for sewage?JH: The company had their own water-system, and eachhouse had its own septic tank. The company generated 9
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1their power at that time, which was one of our problems at that time because they didn't have enough power.CE: What'd you use, a kerosene lamp?JH: Oh, no. We had electricity. But then we, Lorraine andI started buying a few refrigerators, and pretty soon we found out that we had too many refrigerators in town and that created a problem. But then they put in more power capacity and we got along fine.CE: But what did you do if all of a sudden your refrigerator stopped and you didn't have any place to put your food for 3 or 4 days?JH: Well, just like anybody else, you just don't do it. you have to live out of the can, you might say.CE: And let everything spoil.JH: Well, eat it all or throw it away.LH: Well, we did have that ground cellar that John built;we had that. JH: A root cellar.LH: Well, a root cellar. That was cool and we could put things [in it].JH: All of the people, millions of people in the same boat down there. We finally got refrigeration. The water was never any good. They didn't treat the water enough so that it was good. It wasn't pretty fit10
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1drinking. When the summer storms would come along, for about half a day the water would be half mud.CE: Where did you get your water supply? You mentioned a river, what river?JH: Well, the town is on the San Miguel river and it flows into the Dolores and that fiows into the Colorado. They got the water at that ti:me from one of the small creeks that flows off the Uncompahgre called---?--- Creek, and that was all right in the spring when there was no water. Of course in the summer it dried up and it was pretty bad. But now they get their water out of the well, which we should have had many years ago. They had a community building there, and of course the store, the company had a store just like the Tennessee Ernie song, you know, the company store.CE: JH:What was the community hall like? What did you do? For a number of years we didn't have a movie, but we had a hall and we had dances, get-togethers. Of course you lived close to your neighbors and you have a lot of fun with you neighbors. We really enjoyed it.knew everybody on the staff. I knew [everyone] that 11You knew everyone?CE:JH: Well, you knew everybody on the staff, and my wife
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1worked there, almost called most of the people bytheir first name.CE: Were many of these people native to this area or didmany of them come from foreign countries?JH: No, actually I think that most of the people, many of them came down from Rifle, transferred from Rifle down there. I think a lot of them were just peoplethat lived in that area, lived in Nucla, Naturita, Norwood. Incidentally, there is another guy you could talk to if you're down there. His name is Luther Walk, and he lives in Norwood. He was a foreman down there for many years.CE: A foreman a t Uravan?JH: Yes. He worked for the company many years.CE: Nucla?JH: No, Norwood. That's about 30 miles southeast on thehighway. CE: Thank you.JH: Well, as I remember now, we used to have a lot of fun. Of course, we had 2 little boys growing up, andwe had a lot of experiences.CE: Did you have a church?JH: Well, that would have been in the community building. CE: If you had church services, it would have been. Iunderstand that there is a church there now. 12
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1JH: Later, we had a motion picture machine put into thesame building and community hall was enlarged and a new commissary was built. You know, an outside contractor handles that and a drugstore. We could get a pop and fountain drinks and prescriptions and stuff at the drugstore.CE: Did the company own all of these businesses or did outside people lease this?JH: The company owns all the facilities there, the buildings. Only the commissary and the drugstore and I think the theater are leased by a man named Peter who lives right over here right at the end of this block. If he's home, that is where he lives. He's been there for--well, since I've been running the things in about 1949, '48, he's been here ever since.CE: But the company ran them up until that time? JH: Yes, the company ran them up until that time. CE: When was that?JH: About '48.CE: From the time that Uravan was built in about 1936, '35, '36, up until 1948 the company ran everything?JH: I mean all of the employees facilities. Now of course, they've always had a small hospital there at all times and there was almost always a doctor there. Incidentally, Dr. Mary Moore was one of the doctors13
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1down there, she's here. Lives over here on First street. And Dr. Elmwood, who had an office down there on North second Street also had an office down there. I tried to reach him and he was busy. But Mr. Emerson said that he would try to reach him for me and see if he would talk to me, because I was interested in knowing about his work.Mary would know--Mary was married to this fellow---?---, that we wereCE:LH: JH:LH: JH: LH:JH:LH:JH:talking about at one time.After she left Uravan.Dr. Mary Moore.But she was the doctor down there for quite a little while and after we moved in here.But they always had this small hospital, I guess you could call it a clinic.At one time, however, when we were down there, the doctor was only there on weekends.Oh yeah. But I don't think that ever presented any problems as I recall. Of course, if you had an accident, you had problems, but then they built a hospital, a small hospital, and that's the way it has been for many many years.CE: Did you feel remote? Did you feel as though you were so remote from everyone else that you had lost14
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1contact with what was going on?JH: I don't think so. Of course the roads were terrific in those days, and to make a trip down to Grand Junction was quite an event. P articularly down through [state highway] 141, it's now water the whole way. But you know when you're young and you have a growing family and you're among friends, things go pretty good. Of course we were working every day except Sunday, and sometimes the days were pretty long.LH: We made our own fun, entertainment, you know, played a lot of cards. Entertained a lot and everyone did, even in the houses as small as they were. Because a 9x12 rug in our living room would just fit, and some of the houses were smaller. In some of the living rooms they had to turn the 9x12 rug up at the ends. You know, everyone in the same boat, and we just had a wonderful time and make some wonderful friends.JH: In the summertime you had softball and hardball, and I think that we played basketball in the winter, but I don't remember that. Then the power plant at onetime had a large concrete cooling reservoir and that became a swimming pool. They've had a swimming pool at Uravan from that time on because that old concrete reservoir was there when the old Standard Chemical15
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1Company had a plant there. In these early days, I'm talking about 1914, say, to '22.What were the educational facilities? Was there a school and how many grades did it have?They had a school. They must have run a bus to Nucla, the high school, but I don't remember that far 'causeCE:JH:CE:JH:LH: JH:CE:I just got out of school then.No, they didn't, I don't think they did. There was a school there up to the eighth grade. Your children weren't old enough?No. When our children got to be six years old the boss said we were moving, and we got transferred to Grand Junction that same year.They didn't have buses when we were down there.I don't remember them having them, but now of course they have a gymnasium, they have a fine school. The high school kids go up to Nucla, which is a Union[CarbideJ high school, and I think that it's good. Anyway the kids seem to---?--- in good shape.Do you remember any social problems? Was there anything, regarding prejudice, as you read about it now, where people were segregated?LH: No, no, no.JH: No.CE: There was no segregation.16
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1LH: No, there wasn't.JH: Well, there might be a little. The staff people hadbetter houses than the employees, if that's segregation. We lived in the area closest to the plant, and that's block A. We lived in block A it so happened, and the office manager in b1ock A and the plant superintendent was in block A and so on and so forth. Then you got down to block B, which were some of the plant supervisors and key personnel, and then down at the end of the block were big bosses; the general manager had a nicer house with a fireplace and so forth. And they had a nice guest house. Some of the people lived on the south side. They were just little shacks, actually cabins. They were enlarged later, but they were pretty meager.LH: Then there was the tent town.JH: Yeah. And then there was the tent town. Some of thepeople that would work a while and then leave.CE: Miners, generally.JH: Mostly miners. Some truck-drivers and so forth.People that would move in there and work their way up to better houses, which generally happens. some of the people lived up in Nucla and Naturita and drove to work, it was only 10-12 miles.CE: Were there any unions then? 17
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1JH: CE: JH:No.They didn't become involved until later?Later the United Mine Workers moved in. We were therefor about 6 years, and I think that we had a good time as I look back on it now. It got pretty warm in the summertime with no ventilation, no air- conditioning. But we had a little lounge, well-kept along the block we were in, and the company did that work for us. Throw your trash in the river, throw your garbage in the river, things like that. It was a good clean community. Well, you couldn't buy any beer. You couldn't buy any liquor in town. That didn't come until later.Do you think that people, when they have a company do so many things for them, take the company for granted and then just assume that these things should be done for them?I think--the reason you are asking that is that is happening now. But I don't think that was too much the case down there because the company did encourage you to do things for yourself. I mean, try to take care of your place, your yard, keep it clean and make it presentable and so forth. The company tried to provide the best in the quality of foods and meats and so forth in the store, and they kept the pricesCE:JH:18
 MR.AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1down. Well they kept the prices down. When I was down there as general superintendent the store had lost so much money we changed the set-up and got in a contractor. They contributed to the recreationalfacilities whenever they could and so forth. They had a hospital plan that just charged $1 or $2 a month, maybe $3, where the people would go in to see the doctor constantly, even if he had sprained a toe or something like that. We changed all that because that was just impossible. It was that people just figured that for $3 you ought to get all kinds of services. Some people were there every day, with all their children at the hospital.But it seems to me to look smack on it at the time, it was a good community. Of course, times around that era, jobs were a little bit scarce, so there were a lot of people that were looking for work.You said that you were there for about 6 years. We lived in Uravan for about 6 years. Specifically what years now?LH:JH:CE:JH:CE:JH: Well, it was '36 to 1 42.CE: You said that you held different positions while youwere there.JH: Well, as I was saying I started out as a juniorengineer and then a miner which was a ---?--- of 19
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1time. But the reason for that was I used to get a raise about every year, maybe twice. It got up to a big sum of about $165 a month. And I told Mr. Haldane, who was the manager then, that wasn't going to be enough. He said, "Well, what do you want to do?" And I said, "Well, I want to get into the management end of it, business, a supervisory job." He said that I had to be a miner and I was a miner before I came here, but let's go, so I did. Then I got to be a foreman and then I took a job travelingfor a year on this investigating properties that werepresented to Carbide all over the United States.CE: Why do you think that you had to be a miner, so thatyou could learn all of the facets of the business?JH: Oh, yes. That used to be the theory, well, any job. CE: Still is in many cases.JH: Well, nowadays, the engineers think that they oughtto move right in and get a top job. Well, now they're getting of course, the way times are, $12,000 a year beginning salary and here we were getting $165 a month. Of course it was worth more. But he wanted to be sure that you knew what work was demanded of the fellows that were working for you. There was nothing wrong with that. And of course, there was---?--- of these fellows, of course, you knew them anyway. Of20
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1course the foreman that I was supposed to be working under was a friend of mine; we got along real well. I got to be a mine foreman and this traveling, and in the meantime we also ran this motion picture theatre. Down in Uravan?Yeah. Well, I mean that was for somebody else. We were transferred up here in '42, after I traveled forCE: JH:CE: JH:CE: JH: CE:JH:about a year.Right at the Metals Reserve Company.My job then was the supervising engineer of the program under Mr. Burwell.I am very interested in hearing about that!Well, I ran the whole job.Tell me when you got your directives and what you had to do and what the government expected of you.Well, of course, the Metals Reserve, the Washington office of course, had done business with the U.S.Vanadium, the Union Carbide New York office. So I was actually working for Blair Burwell; he was Vice President of U.S. Vanadium at that time. so my instructions for all of us in Metals Reserves came from Mr. Burwell. So I worked for Mr. Burwell while I was paid by for the Metals Reserve Company. Thepeople that I had working for me were paid by the Metals Reserves Company out of our Grand Junction21
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1office. We set up an office here.CE: How many people were there involved in this program for Union Carbide?JH: Metals Reserves? Oh, out here, I don't know how many we had. I suppose we must have had 25 or 30 staff members, and we had office personnel and fellows like Joe Hopkins that ran the Dove Creek receivingstation, and Mack Brenton at Moab. Charlie---?---, who's in San Francisco had the one in Thompson and so forth. We had places in Farmington, New Mexico, and Durango, Colorado, and we also had the plant at Durango, Colorado, come to think of it, and my job was to keep this thing going and get all the vanadiumore that we could get, which we did.program. I say we got into trouble because our job, or one of my jobs and the people that worked for me, was to go out and try to determine what it cost each individual operator to recover this ore. And the thing (was], we wanted the ore and we wanted him to make a profit so as to extend business. Well, it turned out that these fellows wised-up and they talked to each other and said, "What are you getting paid?" And pretty soon we were getting in a ---?---From?CE:JH: From independent miners. We got into trouble on that22
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1position of having so very many different prices that one fellow would say, "Why do you discriminate against me in comparison to this other fellow?" At the time that the program was being concluded I hadrecommended that we set a base price for everybody and the most efficient man that had the biggest ore- body or the richest ore would make the most money, which is the way it would work in almost any business. The poorer operator would just fall by the wayside or when he ran out of ore he was just out of business. Well, that's where we really got involved was in the---?--- suit. That was part of the story that actually was developed that was brought in later that had no part in the primary suit between the government and the corporation. We did get the vanadium that they wanted, and I have a certificate downstairs from the war department telling us that we did a good job.CE: Did you work very closely with the Vanadium Corporation of America?JH: No, not really. The Vanadium Corporation was always a competitor. We just didn't work together. We actually bought ores from the Vanadium Corporation because they insisted on it. They said, "We produce vanadium ores, and if you're going to buy ores from John Doe,23
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1why don't you buy it from us?" Surplus ores. So it developed that we would buy ores from them. They hadevery right to sell ore to the Metals Reserve Company as anybody else did. And we bought some ores. Well, what happened is that we would [end] up buying ores that were refractory ores that they couldn't treat or ores that were lower grades than they couldn't treat economically.CE: Where were some of these sources for the ores on the plateau Utah as well as Colorado?JH: Well, we bought ores right here. We bought ores at Gateway which is just 100 miles south of here. We bought ores at Thompson, Utah, which is about 80 miles west of here on the highway. We bought ores at Moab, just out of town, on the south edge of town. Well, the ores come in there from the--principally Polar Mesa, mostly.CE: Dry Valley area, had that been developed?JH: All that in there. Then we bought ores at Monticello; we had a buying plant in there when the governmenthad their mill there. All the ores that we bought there were transferred into that mill, right from one stockpile to another.CE: Had the Monument #2 on the reservation begun to be developed yet?24
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1JH: I don't know. We didn't get any of those ores. Thatwas the source for VCA. I don't think they were in at that time. I think that came just a little bit later than that. I don't believe we bought any Monument ores, Monument #2. Actually there were mines on the reservation. The ores that we bought from the reservation were purchased actually down at Farmington, New Mexico, from a couple of fellows called Wade and Kern. Both of them are dead, John Wade and Charlie Kern. Some of their families are around, and that was more headaches incidentally. That was a very naughty program. But the ores from Farmington came into Durango for treatment, and allthe ores from these other places that I have mentioned all went into Durango, except Gateway. We even bought ores at Rifle. We're stockpiled at Rifle and later sold by Metals Reserve to USC. So we were scattered over the whole plateau.CE: And you sold it directly to the government then?JH: No. We didn't sell it to them. It was theirs. The government owned all the ores that the Metals Reserve bought. That's where I met John Gustavson, who waspast president of the Homestake Mining Company.CE: And was then the Metals Reserve Representative,wasn't he?25
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1JH: That's right, and he and I traveled around this wholeCE:JH: CE: JR: CE: JH:country several times.What I meant by selling is that you"collected" this vanadium.We bought the ore from the producers. And the government then--Processed it.But you bought it for the government?Well, we bought it with government money. Actually we were representatives; we were agents of the government. We just bought it for them and we processed it. They owned the concentrates, and those concentrates were sold by the government to the industry. Well, some of the stockpile is being sold at the present time. Almost all is gone, I suppose. Where was the stockpile?Where did they put that stuff? Oh, I think that a lot of it was sold to the various corporations at thetime for converting it to the various alloys that they needed. It was at the mills, and I can't remember what happened to it.CE: JH:CE: The government of course, used some of it for war- time purposes? That was essential--JR: Well, yes. But you had to convert the vanadium-oxides to carbides and chemicals that they needed.26
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1CE: But there were stockpiles by the end of '42 to about'44?JH: Well, there were stockpiles of ore, but I don'tremember stockpiles of concentrates. I think that the concentrates were moved somewhere, but I don't remember where. Chet Martim would know, down at Carbide, he was down there then and maybe some of those guys. I don't remember--CE: But, did you then have any knowledge of the Manhattan District Project, which really began during the Metals Reserve Program?JH: What happened is that when the Metals Reserve Program was closed out in the spring of '42 we were then--- ?--- with these people that I was telling you aboutfor the Ute Indian thing and then came back. We worked for Union Mines, which was a Manhattan Engineering Project for a year. There wasn't much question about it as far as the fellows on that staff were concerned. 'Cause you knew that the uranium was going into a bomb of some sort.CE: That began about 1943, didn't it? The Union Mines development group?JH: But that was a geological investigation group, and that was also with the Manhattan Engineering Project, which was AEC.27
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1CE: But you did know that they were looking for uraniumreserves?JH: Well, it was all coded. Everybody that worked forthat thing was cleared. All of us had Q clearances, which is the top security clearance in the government. When you put down, I forget what the symbols were, but an "X" for uranium and a "Y" for vanadium or something like that. It was all hush-up, but of course, if anybody really wanted to know I thing that they could've figured it out. Any engineer could have figured it out.CE: Were all of these people located in Grand Junction? JH: The headquarters were here in Grand Junction, and of course, Mr. Emerson was one of that group and ToneyMastorvich was a part of that group.CE: Mr. Mastorvich's name was on the Weber report, a copyof which I have read.JH: That's right. Those fellows were engineers on that,and I worked on that project for about a year.CE: What was your specific job?JH: I was one of the engineers. My work was mostly anevaluation; one of our jobs was the evaluation and determination of the tonnage of ore that was on Beaver Mesa, which has incidentally produced an awful lot of ore. But I wasn't in there very long because28
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1along in about that time they let Mr. Burwell go and put me in charge of the western operations of U.S.V.CE: Then you became general manager. Can I go back to Union Mines development company? There was something that when I read this bothered me. Why was the estimate so low, the estimate of uranium reserves?JH: Well, actually they were only talking about the reserves on the Colorado Plateau in the Uravan Mineral Valley. Now, we didn't--of course New Mexico was unheard of, Wyoming was unheard of, and Utah, well, [except for] down around Blanding, Polar Mesa and around Moab. Actually around Moab there had been very little production until they found Mr. Steen's mines. That's a much later time.CE: Again the Dry Valley.JH: But there wasn't really the production from the DryValley in the terms of thousands of tons. It hasn't been a large producer of uranium, vanadium ores as such.CE: What about the Shinarump formation, which seems almost not mentioned.JH: Because the Union Mines were erected, whoever did it, I don't know.CE: Weber, Ben Weber authored it.JH: He was the project engineer, the project geologist.29
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1But somebody told Weber what to do, see. Thesewe were directed to map the Morrison formation, actually the Salt Wash section, which is a far cry from the Shinarump, because it wasn't known at that time that the Shinarump contained these large uranium deposits.CE: And the sophisticated equipment that was later available, the scintillator, the geiger counter were not then used?JH: Yes, they were starting to come in there at that time. But this country had been worked, or actually prospected, let's say, at the beginning of 1914 for radium, and then say until the uranium move for vanadium. When you see this country, it is all rimrock country, and these rims have all been walked by people like the Shumways and other prospectors and have claim stakes, so everything that occurred on the surface of the ground that you would find with a scintillator or a geiger counter had pretty much been found. I mean if it had any commercial value. But this stuff, you had to drill a hole 50 feet deep to check this. Then as the years went by you had todrill it 200 feet, then you had to drill 400 feet. Well, we got into an area in the Union Mines days, they say, "Well, now we're going to evaluate thispeople,30
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1stuff up to 400 feet." There's a lot of stuff being mined now that's deeper than that, 700 feet and 800 feet. So somebody had to say, "Well, where are you going to draw the limits on the geological prediction that these ores own, see?" That's why the tonnage was as small as it was. But when they started drilling deeper and deeper holes they found that the orescontinued in a lot of these places, even where there wasn't any reserves mentioned at all, like Dove Creek there on what they call the Durmoll and that country where they've produced 1,000,000 tons.CE: But the Monument #2 was found then?JH: Yes, Shumway knew about it.CE: And the Weber Report mentions that the VCA peoplewouldn't even allow them on their property. How couldthey do that if it was a government directive?JH: They could just stall them, and I guess they did. We didn't--[Union] Carbide or any free enterprise systemis very reluctant to turn anything over to the government, it's marked secret. But I don't think it's secret very long. It just doesn't seem to be secret when you say that you are going to give somebody or going to keep your reports confidential, it just doesn't mean a thing because there are toomany people that have access to that information. 31
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1CE:JH: CE: JH:CE: JH:Why do you think that VCA wouldn't allow them on their property?They didn't want them to know what they had.How much or how rich a strike?How much or how rich, right. That would be my guess. That would be my idea.Union Carbide didn't know how rich this was?We never went down there. We actually couldn't get authorization from the management to investigate those areas. Now in the Shinarump, you probably heard where a fellow named Joe Cooper at Monticello sold his Happy Jack mine to Texaco for $9,000,000 let's say. We could have bought that for $25,000 'cause I made the report myself, but Mr. Burwell said, "It's a complex ore, it contains copper, it contains uranium, it's too far from our processing plant, we don't have the facilities to treat that type of ore." And---?-- - would tell you the same thing, we talked for hours with Mr. Cooper. We couldn't do business with our New York management, and so we never got that. Likewisewith Vernon Pick, he sold his to---?--- for I guess 9,000,000, I don't know, and it was in the Shinarump too.CE: And he was really a novice, wasn't he? He came from, wasn't it Minnesota as a man who was just traveling32
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1 through?JH:CE:JH:As an electrician who just made a living repairing motors and wiring, stuff like that.And yet he was able to determine that this might be valuable, and it turned out that it was.Well, you've heard the story and I have too. I know him personally. He had a tip from some of the AEC people that there was an anomaly down there and found it, so the story goes. Cooper found his and he shipped some copper ore to the smelter in Salt Lake City and they're the ones that identified the uranium.That would be kind of exciting, wouldn't it?The way it turned out, poor old Joe died of a heart attack before he ever--I knew him for years, and he ran a small bulldozer and his wife got the money and she married again. But it's been real interesting. Those two got a lot of publicity. But Steen is the one that really bought the Shinarump to the fore, and of course, ---?--- did too as far as the Shinarump isconcerned down on the reservation. But there had been mines down in the Salt Wash formation, the Morrison formation, down in the reservation that we bought ores from during the Metals Reserve Days from Wade and Kern. That's what the mill was built for out atCE: JH:33
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1Shiprock was for those ores from the---?---.CE: Wasn't it Chinle, the name applied to the area form which the Mi Vida is located?JH: It's the Chinle formation. [Canyon De Chelley] National Monument, and Chinle is the name of a huge rock formation, it's very precipitive and massive. Down there at the---?--- is it's not as--say down at Canyon De Chelley National Monument, or down in there. But there's--it's in the same area as the Shinarump; the Chinle is red [Editor's note: the color of the Chinle formation can vary considerablyfrom locale to locale.], and the Shinarump actually is a conglomerate, but they are pretty much in the same section. [Editor's note: the Shinarump conglomerate is now considered the lowest member of the Chinle formation.]CE: Did you get to know Steen?JH: Yeah, he got mad at me because I couldn't testify atthe trial he had with the Simpson brother. Incidentally, there are a couple of guys too; Allen Simpson, he's with the Beaver Mesa and he lives here, and his brother Julian, I think is in San Francisco.They left the company and located-- CE: What company?JH: Beaver Mesa, Beaver Mesa Uranium, they don't call it 34
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1that anymore. But Allen Simps on' s name is in the book, and he lives here.CE: O.K.JH: They both worked for USV. Julian was a geologist outat Uravan and, of course, he knows the plateau as well as anybody. When he left the company they immediately put out and located mining claims in areas that they though would be productive, and many of their claims were located on Beaver Mesa and they turned out to be very good. Julian I think, is well- off, and I don't know how Allen is doing, but the company has been merged and merged, and I don't know where they stand now, but they did mine a lot of oreout there.CE: What do you remember about Vernon Pick? Personalthings that haven't been written.JH: I met him when he came too; I was a general managerand he came to the office down there and he had made this discovery and he wanted some financing. Now this mine was way out in the boondocks and he needed some money so he could build a road and get this ore out. I went down there and looked at it. There wasn't any question about if he had ore, because there were bigboulders of it laying in the canyon. CE: This was is about 1953?35
 MR . JH:CE:JH:AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1Yeah, or before that. But anyway, our people wouldn't let us do that; we couldn't advance him the money. So, he took the ore somewhere else.What would have happened if you had done that? Whatis the procedure?Generally those contracts are made in such a way that you would advance him the amount of money that he requested to build the road. We built quite a few roads where we paid; not ones as tough as the one he had however. But then the road would be paid for out of production of ore and then tried to ore up. In other words, the ore would be mined and delivered to your plant, the USV plant so that you would process the ore and of course get the products from the ore, so that you would make the money out of it. We paid him money that generally was interest free and then you would process and sell the products for a profit. But his ore contained uranium and no vanadium.CE: And you were interested in--?JH: W ell, sure you're interested. Y ou're alwaysinterested in the supply of raw materials if you're in that business. Union Carbide or USV would lend him the money. And of course, if he got it from VCA, theywould make the same kind of deal. He sold his ore; I don't know where he sold it. I guess he sold it to36
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1one of these other plants, 'cause we never got it.CE: Well, what did USV do after the Union Mines were developed? In my reading of UC's history that is kind of blank.JH: The plant was shut down, it must have been around 1945, for the simple reason that you couldn't make any money mining vanadium and selling the product. The process and mining costs exceeded the value of the product that was being produced, and the plant was shut down.CE: JH:Which plant now?The Uravan plant. Of course, the Rifle plant had been dismantled. Well, it was rebuilt; we didn't mention that, with some of the Metals Reserve money. Some of the ore from Utah, say Thompson and that area, was processed at Rifle. Also the Rifle mine was put back into production on a clean-up basis. We investigated that and found that there were quite a few thousands of tons of ore there. That was during the Metals Reserve days. We were scratching for ore, and that was just put in here on a temporary basis. We rebuilt the plant to recover whatever vanadium that we could recover from the Rifle plant, plus the mine acrossthe creek called the Garfield mine, and also ore that could be shipped in from Eastern Utah. But those37
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1plants, when the Metals Reserve Program ceased the plants were shut down until the Manhattan Engineering people came in and started processing the tailings. And that was when?CE: JH: CE: JH:It must have been around '49, I guess.So there was a facility here in Grand Junction?Yeah, they had the plant here. The Manhattan Engineering built this; this was a refinery here at Grand Junction. We had a stockpile here too. But after the Metals Reserve, '42. Then we had the Manhattan Engineering Project. That was going on several years before I got into it. Then we rebuilt the Uravan plant.When was that?I think that it was back into production around 1949 or 1950.CE: JH:CE: Why didn't Union Carbide pursue the production of uranium? They must have realized that there was a need for this because of the Union Mines Development Company Report.JH: I don't know. First of all, our government--and probably including the Manhattan Engineering Project felt--and including the AEC people, the people that needed the uranium--felt that the United States did not have a uranium source. They felt that all these38
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1properties out here on the plateau, they called them gopher holes, I mean they were mining with wheelbarrows because very few people u.nderstood the geology of these deposits and they were very muchconcerned about where they were going to get this uranium, so I think that the first uranium brought into this country was brought in from South Africa.CE: Well, the first vanadium--JR: Uranium.CE: Uranium, all right. Belgian Congo. (Zaire]JH: What I don't say is that I think--well, I'm quitesure that the people in Carbide also felt that they didn't have sufficient ores in the Uravan area that contained uranium to make an operation, although we kept saying that the area was no problem. They wouldn't believe us because we're out here and they're back there and they don't speak our language, let's say. They're not engineers. But it was Mr. Burwell, and Senator Ed Johnson and Senator Millikin, but it was principally Burwell. It had to be Burwell 'cause he was the only one that understood the ore occurrence, told the politicians that we did have asource of uranium and all it took was the money to get the uranium out. Now Carbide, Wally---?---, he was in Tucson, he was president of USV at that time.39
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1He wasn't convinced that we had enough ore in the Uravan Mineral Valley, the Uravan area, to justify the expenditure of rebuilding that plant. The plant was still there, just kind of rusted-out is what itamounted to after we shut down the vanadium thing. We let Burwell go; Lindquist and I after made trips to New York. Finally they were convinced that we could rebuild a plant that would treat 400 tons a day and recover the uranium and the vanadium, and of course by that time they had established a ---?--- for uranium, the tailings at Rifle, and they had this rebuilt and the government plant at Uravan, the Army plant, and Carbide went back into production and the mining of uranium paid more. Of course, in the meantime while we were there we had developed a lot more ore. We had lots of ore blocked out. We were just piddling along with 3 or 4 hundred tons a day. We had more blocked out in south of Uravan and north of Uravan and Polar Mesa and lots of places, and it wasn't long before they enlarged the plant and they enlarged it some more and built some more plants and we had uranium. Well, of course lots of other discoveries came along and we had too much. But it's very difficult for a mining engineer or a geologist to sell somebody something that they can't see or get40
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1their hands on. You know, it's your guess, it's a guess. I'd go along and say we'd got 400,000 tons here that contained so many pounds of uranium and vanadium and maybe you¥ve got a half a dozen drill holes in it and all you can see is a little coreabout that big around and maybe that long, see. People back east are asked for about $4 00, 000, and the man that puts his signature on that is on the spot. If it doesn't produce, he's the one that is criticized. It's so easy to say "no" that so many of the fellows say "no" and hold their jobs when they should say "yes" and be going up. It takes a little courage.CE: Union Carbide must have had some hope in the ore, that the uranium industry had a future. In fact, it still is involved in the Oak Ridge facility.JH: That's right.CE: A nd w a s n ' t L i n d y A i r P r o d u c t s a n d a l s o i t ' sElectromet, weren't they also involved in the initialstages?JH: I'm not so sure about Lindy, but I know Electrometmust have been doing research on uranium. Actually the uranium process was developed at Uravan--well, the original process, by this fellow Burwell that we keep talking about. He was in it so long that he was41
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1in the radium end of the business, originally with Standard Chemical. That's why he knew that country down there at Uravan. Then he appreciated the value of uranium that was in there,just because it was another metal. I mean, you just don't waste things like we waste aluminum cans nowadays, so he kept this uranium, and he was right that there was a time that we needed uranium. I'm sure he didn't know at the time in 19i4 or '15 that we were going to use it in bombs and stuff, but he figured that they would probably use it for an alloy in steel like they used vanadium and tungsten and molybdenum and some of those others. But Carbide, they're still very cautious I think. Very few people 1ike to buy their stock 'cause they just don't go anywhere. While I was in the company we could have been year-round on the floor at Grants, New Mexico. We could have had Joe Cooper's property. We could have done business with Vernon Pick. These fellows were all friends of ours. We were some of the first people that up at the Gas Hills when this fellow,--- ?--- or whatever his name is made his original discovery. Finally they went to the Gas Hills and they have a plant up there and they bought the property from 2 fellows that I talked to andactually42
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN H I L L # 1recommended. I wrote a report on Steen's property and quoted 400,000 tons, which I thought was big enough to move. We didn't move it.CE: What did it turn out to be? Do you remember?JH: Oh, I don't know, but it was just, when you don't know how much it is (which nobody knew), you make the package big enough so that you can selL it. But when all you can see is in a hole that is i2 feet square or 12 feet in diameter, how can you say there are 400,000 tons when all you can see are a couple of hundred? Of course you've got to have confidence. Of course, the engineers that we have had here all these years made these projections we have made down through the years on where the ore goes and how deep it is and what you do with it after you get it. I always felt that one person--I kind of kept this thing together for Union Carbide after they let Mr.Burwell go.CE: Why did Burwell leave?JH: I don't know. He had some problems with his people Iguess. But he was a tremendous contributor for Carbide and we were good friends for a number of years. Of course, once in a while, he got mad at me and I got mad at him. But he knew a lot more aboutthe business than I did.43
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1CE: I've read some of his papers, some of the speechesthat he has made and some of the reports.JH: Yes, he was quite an important man around this country as far as I am concerned. I appreciate all hetaught me and the opportunities that he gave me really. 'Cause when we took his job or moved into this position down in the company, we didn't have much conversation for a few years. Not because we wouldn't talk, he wasn't interested. But he farmed the company you know, Minerals Engineering, and he knew enough about this country like the sections that he located a lot of mining claims on that basically formed the basis of that Minerals Engineering plant and Grand Junction plant here for Climax Uranium. It was his know-how and knowing where the ore is that formed the basis for that plant. Carbide should have had all of that, but we just didn't get the candle at all. It's a tremendously large area, from Calamity Mesa down to Blanding; it's a long way, hundreds of miles.CE: Didn't you initially use contractors and then eventually buy the properties?JH: Oh, we bought properties. The contractors were used actually to mine the ores, particularly in the smaller areas. Then you can get more work out of a44
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1contractor than you can out of a man on day's pay. He takes less supervision, he looks after his equipment better. Of course, it's an opportunity to him, like Mark Washburn has made money at it. He has a nice home, drives a Cadillac and had a nice family.---?--- and all of those that I have worked with myself. Of course we did too. But some of these smaller and older mines lend themselves to that type of operation rather than the company operation. Now Carbide has it's big company operation out at Dermo, that's near Dove Creek, Colorado, and also up to Uraval, that's up on Mesa Creek, before you get to Uravan. Now Mark Washburn, he cleaned up a lot of old mines near Uravan, and he cleaned up some of the old dumps that have been there since 1914 and 1920. A lot of the dumps could be sorted, hand-sorted, and the vanadium and uranium recovered.CE: At that time were you concerned about--?JH: Radiation?CE: Well, leaving tailings.JH: Well, you had to put them somewhere. As we have saidaround here, our kids have played in the sandbox andeaten all of those tailings.LH: They'd go out and play in the sand because it wassuch clean sand.45
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1JH: They weighed over 200 pounds and were over 6 feettall. LH: 6 '4 " .JH: Big kids. It might have made them grow more, I don't know. No, those tailings, of course, for years before the Army built their processing plant, of course the Army built their plant right on the south side of the river, right over the community you might say. I don't know how many people died from that. But the mines were bad, there is no question about that. Just because most of the fellows smoked and ate too much crop-dust along with the radiation. Of course, I have always felt that this community here, Grand Junction- -well, the communities all along down through here don't appreciate all the contributions that Union Carbide has made to this community. I mean, all of Montrose County and Mesa County and all of San Miguel and so forth. Because Carbide has been in here for since 1926, off and on. But almost continually there has been something going on here since 1926, and this is 1970. Now, Mr. Emerson has put them on notice atthe Rotary Club or in the Kiwanis Club that in a couple of years there might not be anything going on at Uravan anymore. In other words they are running out, but that has been a long time and they've spent46
 MR. AND MRS. JOHN HILL #1a lot of money and they've taken a lot of money out of here in the way of raw materials.CE: Uravan will just be shut down.JH: It'll be a ghost town one day. There were 3 familiesliving there for about 2 years I think it was. But it's a good company. We've enjoyed working, they were very good to us.CE: Would you like to tell me about the years that you were General Manager?JH: Well, we were busy.CE: Because the boom began?JH: Just as busy as you could be because we had increasedproduction and--[END OF TAPE]47