 DALE C . BUNKER ColoradoAn Interview By Harry HenslickUranium History Project Tape No. 113 August 14, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 
 Table of ContentsBackground . . . 1 Job Availability in the '30s. 2 Mine Leases .... 4 Employing Navajo M iners. 14 Prospecting. 18 The Future . . 21 Safety Standards 23 Associations at Union Carbide. 29 Water Leaching Process . . . . . . 31
 
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH DALE C . BUNKER, CONDUCTED BY HARRY HENSLICK ON AUGUST 14, 1970. [THIS IS PART OF THE URANIUM HISTORY PROJECT.]HH: Well Mr. Bunker I, as I said I'm very appreciative that you give your time and talk to me this evening. Could you just tell me perhaps start briefly when and where were you born and maybe what your family, what your fatherDB:HH: DB: HH:DB: HH: DB:did?Well, I was born in Oklahoma and '16. What part of Oklahoma?I was born by Drummond.I'm just I'm going to school there in Stillwater at Oklahoma State, oh that's why--Oh, that's real close.Not far away at all, I've only been there a year.Oh, my parents were in the oil business. My father was in the oil field see, so we went to Oklahoma to all the oil fields there and we went to Texas, Borger, Texas and we was going down there and I guess that was in '23, '24 and he came to Colorado in '29 when they had the stock market crash and then he came to Colorado and he drilled somewells in Colorado then.Oh, he did but that was late '29 then.Yeah, so I've been in Colorado since. I went to school in Canon City and then I started mining in a the gold mines in Cripple Creek and I started up there in 1934 in thegold mines. Well, I worked in the gold mines until oh, upHH: DB:
 DALE C . BUNKERuntil about '48, '49. I came over here about in '49 and went to work for the uranium mines. So I've been here twenty years now in the uranium.HH: In the gold mining were, you were a miner, you were working in the mines.DB: Yeah, I started working in the mines about in the mid- '3Os, later course later on I got leases and worked leases and sometimes I'd have good ore and sometimes Ididn't have any--chicken one day and feathers the next. HH: During that time in '34, or 1 38 and '39 in there were there jobs available in the mines or were many of the men, I understand many had told me that during thatperiod they did a lot of Placer mining and thisquestion--DB: In the Cripple Creek District why it was easier to getjobs there than most places because it was hard getting jobs at that time you know. So that's why a lot of men, that's why I went to the gold mines.HH: That's why you went in there.DB: You got more money, see, you got four dollars a daystarting there and probably working everywhere else fora dollar and a half a day.HH: Had you held a job previous to working in the mines? DB: No, course I was pretty young then.HH: Had you graduated from high school?2
 DALE C . BUNKERDB: Yeah, I just held a you know, handy man job around that'sall, that's all I worked in the mines.HH: That's going to sound wild on the tape that's, don'tbother. Why did you move into this part of Colorado at '48 or '49?DB: Well, the gold mines shut down then see. They shut down to the mines, the mine that I had the lease in shut down cause they had discontinued the old mill and they were building a new mill see, so they had shut down. So I couldn't wait so I just came over here and went to work.HH: I see. What mill was the ore going to there?DB: It was to the Golden Cycle Mill in a Colorado Springs. HH: Colorado Springs.DB: And they shut that mill down and then they built a millright up at Cripple Creek, see, to take the new ore but that operation didn't run too long. That's all closed down now. There's no mining there at all now. The gold is the same price as it was in 1934 so the price of mining is raised so much you couldn't afford to mine it anyway.HH: What did you first do then, did you have a job in this area before you actually moved?DB: Well we came over here and got a lease from Union Carbide and we, and my partner and I Buster Johnson is his name, he died of lung cancer here two years ago, but him and I came over here and got a lease and I've been here ever3
 DALEHH: DB: HH:DB:HH:DB:HH:DB:HR:DB: HH: DB:C . BUNKERsince leasing it.Have you done most of your leasing from Union Carbide? Yes, I've been with Union Carbide since 1949.Have you done any leasing from, did you do anything from VCA or from any private individuals?Well, I had a government AEC lease also at one time and that's the only other lease I've had except Carbide.I see. Have you had any other men in business with you, other than this one partner?No, he's the only one. After he was gone well, I've been by myself.How did you happen to get together with him and go into leasing.Well I knew him 'course in Cripple Creek and we decided to come over here and he said we just as well go together so that--It wasn't where one might provide the capital and the other--No.The availability of the lease or--No, it was just the matter of wanting someone to go withhim that was all. He just didn't want to take the stepalone.HH: I see. What was the first lease that you picked up fromUnion Carbide, do you remember?4
 DALE DB:HH:DB:HH:DB:C . BUNKERWell that would be, it was up on Long Park that would be Black Diamond the first one we had and we've had a numberof them since.How many leases might you have from Union Carbide at any one time, how many different leases?Well, actually I've had two or three mines from them once but usually if you have more than one they're small operations, you know, what I mean it doesn't take too many men.Have you done any working in, on your own leases or have you simply had men employed for you?No, up until the last few years why I worked right alongside the men in the mine, it was course some of the mining it was a matter of it took a lot of work to really make it pay and so you had to do the work yourself. Maybe only have two, three men hired and be working yourself actually it's just a working agreement with them.With the company?Carbide.Have the lease agreements varied as far as the, lease agreement was, seems to me that most said that almost all their leases with VCA or Union Carbide are sixty-forty; it seems to be a common situation is that would you agreeHH: DB: HH:with that?DB: There's different situations. Mines have had more and5
 DALEHH:DB: HH: DB:C . BUNKERbigger ore I've got less percentage of it and the mines that were poor were, had to do a lot of hard work to get the ore out why I'd get more percentage.Could you say in general what a, what would an example of one be if it were a common one for you?The one lease that I had I got twenty-five percent.This probably was, had a pretty large ore body and had-- High grade ore and we still made a lot of money, see, they had a large body of ore drilled out and it was high grade ore and we mined a lot of high grade and still made a lot of money on that, and then we had leases probably for seventy-five percent of, when there small streaks and hard to get maybe only get a few tons a day why then they give us seventy-five percent. They didn't have any set pay scale for the total area. It was just each individual mine was a different contract this is the situation. Right, I understand that. Must have been rather difficult to make ends meet there the first couple of years that you were here in this area wasn't it, before the AVC prices came up to what they were in the '50s?No, it wasn't too hard. I probably had a lot of luck with a lot of hard work too but I made good money all the time from the start. I never had too much trouble.How would you pick a lease to pick up? Would you and your partner you know, would you go out and look at it andHH:DB:HH:6
 DALE C . BUNKERdecide completely on your own that you could make money on this lease at this percentage or did you call somebody else in to help you try to make a decision like that?DB: Well mostly it was a matter of just negotiation with the company how much they were going to pay you for mining the certain mine if they wanted it mined, well if it looked real poor they would have to pay you more, more for time to mine it and well you had to use your own judgement a little bit and we did take a bad one but Carbide had been real good. If a man got a bad lease and wasn't making it he'd always change it around to where he could at least make a living on it.HH: Have you had that experience?DB: Yes. Carbide always did that if you was in a positionwhere you couldn't make a living on it they'd change the lease around, pay you dead work or pay your more money or something like that. They were pretty good that way. They being fair with everybody I think.HH: How much of a change was it for you when you first came into this area, course it was from hard rock mining to soft rock mining. Was it, how would you describe what are the differences that you had to face?DB: Well it was, as far as actually mining part of it, why, in the gold mines we was mining vertically, vertical veins and then we came into this country the veins were7
 DALEHH: DB:HH:DB:HH:DB:C . BUNKERflat and we were mining flat but course we used the same kind of machinery and everything and we'd most of it was drifting and we did a lot of drifting in the gold mines too. So it wasn't too much of a change.It really wasn't.No, I think that most of the gold miners that come over here, quite a few came over from Cripple Creek over here the same time I did most of them come over here adapt to it right quick and didn't have no trouble.Do you think as a miner--were many of them happier working in this area than were in a gold mine and if both were available, where do you think they might have worked?Well as far as the work is concerned I think the gold mining is more interesting than uranium mining.It's more interesting. It seems like so many of these,áthat the mines here in the Plateau are small as you know and oh, I've had some of them tell me about laying down on their backs drilling and this type of thing. You don't get that type of difficulty in the actual work in the gold mines usually do you, or am I wrong?Well, course in the early days you had all kinds of work to do. Gold mines are real small and steep too, and you had to mine just as small as you could get in. Usuallyá they were vertical veins and you were standing up mining 8
 DALE C . BUNKERabove your head instead of laying down mining in front of you. That was the difference. of course, I imagine that there probably more gold miners come over here than from anyone place, come from Cripple Creek cause the mines close down about that time, see. So a lot of my friendscome over here at that time. Around from '48 to '55 a lotof them came from Cripple Creek and Victor.HH: Did you have any, do you have any more problems here worrying about cave-ins and that type of thing then youdid there?DB: No, I wouldn't say so. Conditions pretty much the same.Course in some of the gold mines you had large open stokes that were dangerous but you just had to work them, use your own judgement, work them accordingly. As far as accidents concerned I don't think the accident rate was any different there than it was here.HH: Did, on all of your leases had a Union Carbide provide the machinery and the equipment that you needed or have you provided that?DB: No, I had to provide most of all the machinery. Sometimes I rent machinery from Carbide. Of course Carbide furnishes the fans and all the ventilation and they usually furnish the pumps or when your mine has a lot ofwater in it they'll furnish the pumps and then most of the time they furnish hoists when you have a shaft. I9
 DALEHH: DB:HH:DB:C . BUNKERthink, I don't know of anybody that furnished their own hoist. When we first came over here we furnished our own hoist.Because you had it.Yeah, and it was a little different then, and we was just starting to putting shafts down then and hadn't put shafts down before in this area, but now the company furnishes all the hoists.Course this had to be figured in when they're deciding what they can allow you and themselves making break even or make some money, they got to decide some of their equipment is involved, so with you having some of your own equipment this probably affects you too.They take each mine in consideration when the put out a lease. Like if you been working on the mine for a long time you have so many men, you put in so many shifts and you mine so many tons of ore and you have so much machinery. Why the company keeps track of all this and they know how much it takes to mine that ore and then they know how much they're going to pay you. So if you'reprobably making too much money, why, the next time youget a lease why it'd be--HH: Might cut into it a bit.DB: Yea, cut into it little bit. Course that part is allright if when you don't make money they give you a little 10
 DALEHH:C . BUNKERmore and they'll do that. So it helps you on that end. Ah, it might sound a terribly dry to you, but could you mention for me the leases you can remember, which mines you have worked for or leased from Union Carbide. Withthe few number that you've had at any one time you might be able to remember quite a few of these.Well, the mines that I worked myself? Well, course thefirst mine I had was the Black Diamond and then we had a LP One in Long Park, and we had the Triangulation in Long Park, and we had the Virgin Mine in Long Park and then after Mr. Johnson died why, I had Guadalcanal up in Long Park and then I had the mine in Monogram, the "Doggie" was the name of it, and that mine and then seven years ago I moved to Slick Rock and I've had those three mines out there since and they're all connected together, they're the same as one mine. So the last seven years I've been working out there in Slick Rock and that's in Burro Canyon, in Burro Three and Burro Five and Burro Seven. This is about ten claims there but they had three shafts and it's all connected together now, so--And that's the one you've been working.I've been working there for seven years and that's the only mine I've had in the last seven years.What's the biggest operation you've had?I'd say probably that. A lot of claims connected into theDB:HH: DB:HH: DB:11
 DALE C. BUNKERmine I'm working now.HH: DB:HH: DB:HH:DB: HH:DB:HH: DB:HH: DB:How many men let you have employed out there at peak? Oh, the most I've had is twenty-two, maybe twenty-three men.One shift a day or is that--Yeah, just one shift. Probably been down to a sixteen, seventeen men but I've stayed pretty close.Keep pretty busy, and what kind of tonnage do you run out of there?Oh about fifteen hundred tons a month.Fifteen hundred a month. Course I imagine that goes up and down you start drifting into something else.But it averages out to time I've been out there probably be about fifteen hundred tons a month.Do you have any trouble with water out there?We have two pumps running all the time, probably pump thirty gallons a minute out of the mine.Just hope the pumps don't go off.Well they go off. They're just like all machines, they turn off but it doesn't fill up fast enough to, it doesn't fill up very fast so we usually get the pumps repaired and working before it gets up too high unless we've gone on vacation or off for three or four days and then go out why then it might get too high to where getup on the pumps, but it never has yet. 12
 DALE C . BUNKERHH: Have you had, do you find you have much of a turnover ofyour miners working for you or do you have a prettysteady group?DB: Well actually, about, oh I'd say about ten or twelve ofthem probably have been with me for ten or twelve years and then some of them turn over pretty fast you know, some of them, miners how they are they come and go.HH: Recently, because of the number of the small mines that are shut down, have you been able to, you know, grab on to, have your pick of the good miners and get a better total group than you might of had in the past?DB: Well, I really hadn't did much hiring, I've had a pretty stable crew for oh, two or three years. I've had pretty much the same men working for me. So I really hadn't hired too many men in the last couple of years. Maybe three or four something like that gone and three, four of them replaced.HH: You had any experience with a hiring Navajo from the mines?DB: Yeah, I've had oh all the way from three or four up to six, seven working for me all the time since I've been out there.HH: What's been your experience in the regard?DB: Well, they're good workers. I've hadn't had any trouble with them. The only trouble I've had with them is a they13
  DALE C . BUNKERdon't want to come back to work the day after payday sometimes. They'11 be off three or fours days after payday but when they're on the job they work good.HH: They live out in that area now, do they? These boys that are employed there.DB: They just stay there until the weekend and then they go back to the reservation.HH: Do you have them working a five day week or is it a ten and four?DB: I work six days.HH: Six days week. Those guys got to get going if they'regoing to get down to the reservation and back.DB: Course they're closer from Slick Rock down there thenthey are from here.HH: That's true too.DB: But most of them usually miss one day after payday,something that--HH: You kind of almost expect that anymore I guess. I askthat because among other things, one of the researchers is doing work with the Navajo and she's trying to do a study of the effects of going off the reservation and working for a wage and what this is doing to their cultural life and all this, and so she's doing a lot of work for them, what kind of workers are they, and people who have worked with them and it's hard to make a14
 DALE C . BUNKERgeneralization of the whole crew.DB: I've had good luck, I've had some of them that was hard for me to understand them and it was hard for them to understand what I wanted but most of them I had could talk pretty good English especially the younger ones, they could talk real good English.HH: What kind of jobs were they holding for you at the present time?DB: Just the same as the other men. They mine and run the shuttle buggies and drive the tractor trailers and run the bobcats. They do anything anybody else does if they, the older ones that have been there longer well they can mine just as good as the white man can.HH: Do you find any trouble as far as the maintenance of the equipment with the Navajo?DB: They might be a small difference but not too much. On the whole miners are awful rough on equipment. You have to do a lot of mechanic work, you have a lot of machinery.HH: Could I ask you what your pay scale is for your miners? DB: Well, the miner gets twenty-six dollars a day.HH: This is what two sixty an hour, no it's more than that. DB: It would be three dollars and a quarter.HH: Three dollars and something an hour, do you have any incentive based on--DB: Only I have men that have been with me longer I pay more 15
 DALE C . BUNKERsee, and some of them get more money than I do, pay a bonus once in a while.HH: To the whole crew or to an individual?DB: Yeah, to the whole crew. If I had a good month why andeverything runs right well I usually pay them a bonus. Sometimes they get a hundred dollars maybe or a couple of hundred--HR: And if you start out as a mucker or whatever you might be doing you'll start out at this basic rate, I see.DB: Yeah, and usually when I pay a bonus why I pay everybody a bonus.HH: The entire crew.DB: The whole crew even though probably some of them don'tdeserve it, some of them deserve more, but you can't-- HH: It might be kind of tough I imagine. Have you ever doneany prospecting yourself?DB: Oh, I prospected a lot in my spare time, staked a fewclaims, never any good ones but--Did you always do that with your partner?HH:DB:HH:DB: Well, just anywhere we heard it might be favorable whyW ell, sometimes.What areas did you prospect in mainly?we'd go prospect around. I have went down in an did someprospecting down in New Mexico and some over in Utah. HH: Some around Grants or--16
 DALE DB: HH:DB:HH:DB:HH:DB:HH: DB:HH:DB:C . BUNKERBut I never did find anything to amount to anything. There in Grants you're talking about going down a ways to hit the ore aren't you?Yeah, that's expensive, we're talking about spending a lot of money before you find the ore.Right, did you think at one time when you went down there that you could afford to get into the business there? No, the only thing I looked at when I went down there was the outcrop on the rims. Well think some mines down there were real good, outcrop on them. Most of the real good mines were back in the deep mining and most of them hadto have shafts.They're sure going heavy and fast down there today, aren't they?They're sinking a new shaft down there now. I guess they got that down haven't they?Who's doing that?It's out there at Grants. I don't know the name of the company.They're, of course, the big three I guess down there that's Kerr-McGee and the Homestead Partners UnitedNuclear and the Anaconda. I guess they're all three not too many independents. They're a few.It takes a lot of money to get down there to that depth and they'll spend a half million dollars drilling the ore17
 DALE C . BUNKERout before we ever sink the shaft see, so it takes a big company.HH: And of course some of those same mines have been producing since the' 50s and they're still producing tremendous amounts a day. I can't believe that after talking to people about tonnage--DB: Yeah, they out produce this area, two to one. They produce a lot more ore down there than we do here. They haven't any vanadium in their ore.HH: That's a low grade uranium that they're mining basically. My understand is that is sixteen hundredths, eighteen hundredths or I guess they'll go down the twelve without any worry at all which is pretty tough here.DB: Their cost per ton is a lot cheaper in mining than we have here.HH: The miner makes pretty good money down there though. DB: They have a lot of contracts for the miner downthere.HH: How low w ill, what grade of ore w ill Union Carbideaccept?DB: Course they'll take anything over ten hundredth.HH: Take over ten but they're not too happy with it underabout what?DB: Well, in my pay scale, it's a slanting scale and a lowergrade it gets under twenty-three hundredths the less per 18
 DALEHH:DB:C . BUNKERpound I get for it. So if I get too low I just don't get much pay for it, so it pays me to keep it around twenty- three hundredths.Can you, on your lease, can you highgrade a little bitinto--do you hit trees or anything like that anymore that you can keep this ore up to a --We usually have three or four stokes going and one of them is usually good and it will hold the rest of them you see. Maybe one stoke might only be twelve hundredths and the other one might be thirty hundredths so you have to mine them all together and mix them together and make an average grade and my grade out there has averaged twenty-three hundredths for seven years.That's good.So that's just about where we want to keep it.Is Union Carbide, are they gung ho to receive as much ore as they can. I was rather surprised to hear you say that you working at a six day week. Are they interested in getting as much as they can?Well, they want all the tons they can get from me. I think they do most with the contractors now or leases but there's been times when they cut some of them down ontonnage but I've never been cut on tonnage because my mine has high vanadium in it too, and they wanted that kind of ore.HH: DB: HH:DB:19
  DALE C . BUNKERHH: What kind of vanadium are you running now?DB: W ell, mine w ill run seven to one, seven vanadium--sevenparts of vanadium to one part uranium.HH: So you'll have close to one and half percent vanadium inyour ore. Vanadium is really carrying the industry nowanyway isn't it?DB: Carbide depends a lot on vanadium and that's why if youhave, oh, if you have a mine that got a high percentage of vanadium in it well they'll want more of that ore than you do the other ore.HH: How does your lease look for the immediate future? Do you expect to stay there or are you looking for another?DB: I'd see a couple of years and you wouldn't want to look any farther than that anyway. You don't know what's going to happen then in the industry. I can see working there until just as long as they renew my contract.HH: What do you think it might make any, have any effect on you this, the new situation with the Foote Mineral's property?DB: Why I don't think it will effect me too much because they'll still want pretty much all the tonnage I can get for them.HH: What do you see for the industry on the Plateau in general in the future? What do you think it's going to come to?20
 DALE C . BUNKERDB: Oh, probably a couple of years go along like it's goingnow I'd say, I don't know after, that nobody knows afterthat.HH: You don't have any particular feelings going to pick upor go the other way?DB: No, I don't think, I don't think there'll be too muchchange in it as long as we just have the one mill. They might pick up a few hundred ton a day, a couple or so but that wouldn't effect the whole area too much. But these new mines are getting now why they might up their tonnage at the mill a little bit but I wouldn't say too much.HH: Would it be good for the industry as a whole here that there was another mill, if there was some competition?DB: Well I don't know. I couldn't say that. It would be better for the private, small independent producer probably to have two mills so he could take his choice back and forth, but to me I don't believe they'd make any difference. In my position I'd probably stay with Union Carbide until I quit mining.HH: Yeah, most men that I talked to have distinct impression that it would be best, if we only had another mill there'd be a chance to have a go perhaps, but it's interesting to talk with someone that lives on the other side of the fence. You know, it's kind of like someone out there looking perhaps and it would be a different21
 DALE C. BUNKERperspective. What are your feeling on the safety standards that have recently become law?DB: Oh, you mean the federal?HH: Yeah, on the ventilation and that type of thing?DB: Well, so far they haven't enforced that. They were goingto enforce that down to three tenths of one workinglevel.HH: Haven't they?DB: And they, we still go to one working level now.HH: Oh really?DB: And so they have, so far, why anything under one workinglevel is permissible. But they did come out with this ruling that they were going to make us go down to three tenths.HH: Right.DB: That's, and I think that's practically impossible, and Ithink that's why they if you want to go ahead for anotheryear just one working level.HH: Could you operate your lease on one level?DB: I don't believe I could get it that low and in fact I'msure I couldn't get it.HH: About a hundred and ten miles per hour wind maybe stillnot then.DB: We got plenty of wind in the mine now so anymore I don'tknow how we could help it. Course mine's an old mine. 22
 DALEHH: DB:C . BUNKERThere's lots of old workings, there's miles and miles of tunnels.Background radiation you can't get rid of.So if you tried to ventilate that mine you'd have to havea terrible lot of air. Course I keep it down under one working level. Very few times I ever get over one working level, but it would be practically impossible to get down to three tenths. It would be economically impossible I know that, the ore wouldn't be worth that much.Have you had any, had many examples of your miners if they got the chance maybe turn the fan off for awhile or you know if they don't think they're going to get caught? They'll do that, not so much that, they just might not turn it on.You have to enforce that pretty strictly on them so they have to have--Yeah, I have to watch them pretty close on that, and course there's a ruling now, no smoking in the mines and not allowed smoke in the uranium mine and course they-- What do you have to do; take the cigarettes away from them, almost don't you?We can't do that, but then they, I don't know, they kind of think maybe if you don't catch them it doesn't hurt them. You can't impress on them that it is their ownhealth they're hurting when they smoke. 23HH:DB:HH:DB:HH:DB:
 DALE C . BUNKERHH: But you know it's, I guess it's very hard for a manthat's worked in the mines for a number of years to have to do that. I've talked to several and others within the group that's had the same experience and they'll sit down and talk with me and they'll say that, yes they're very glad that the stricter standards are enforced because it is their health and they're interested in it and that perhaps they won't have the problems that some of the others have already had if these are enforced. And then turn right around and they'll admit that they've turned those ventilation off or not turned it on when they've had the chance. So here you know, they're saying they believe in it and they want to have it enforced and yet they'll admit that when they had the chance they turned the darn thing off because they don't like it any better than the other guys. That's rather hard to understand in a way because they're fighting themselves and they're going against what they just said.DB: I think most of them are trying to quit smoking now and they're getting to keep the ventilation up pretty good. One thing you have to do is keep after them all the time to keep their vent 1ine up close to where they'reworking, they'll just keep working until they get away from it before they put another length on it. I go through the mine that's usually the first thing I say is24
 DALE C . BUNKERput on another length of vent line and something like that, and then they'll go ahead and do it.HH: That's probably what the mine inspector real often sees too.DB: That's his job too. He comes in. That's the first things he says.HH: I heard many of the men say that, "Well it's the smoking not just the radiation, radon daughters alone." I've had others tell me though, they think it's not the smoking at all, it's the diesel smoke, you know from the machines. The machinery down there, do you think that's an important part of the problem with health?DB: Oh, of course it's not a healthy situation diesel smoke. But then I actually think cigarettes play a bigger part in lung cancer than anyone of the other, but all of them together would tend to agree with that.HH: Would you have been happier with the standards as they come in or this one they haven't enforced yet as far as the lowest concentration, would you have been happier instead this had been a 1ittle higher but that they really pushed this no smoking.DB: Well, I don't know. I think the way it stands now about the best they can do under the condition, will be one working level and no smoking. That's about the best thing they could do to try and protect the men.25
 DALE HH:DB:C . BUNKERCourse economically even this level has closed many a mine, hasn't it?Yes, it has some of them that can't get that low with the amount of money they have to spend on it for the amount of ore they're going to get out of the mine. So it has closed some mines, but if it goes to three tenths it'll close a lot of them, unless the government pays the difference in the ventilation cost or something like that. But I don't see any reason for the government to do that.Did you smoke?Yeah, I smoked up until about seven or eight years ago. I quit.Because of?But I never been a real heavy smoker. Course the reason I smoked because the lung cancer scare started about that time and I just quit too.Did your partner smoke heavily?Yes, he was a heavy smoker.I guess there's an example really, he came about the sametime in the industry and the heavy smoker I guess compared just one the might have very similar experience, I guess the number of hours in particular areas with-- I'd say about the same time and the same area.HH: DB:HH: DB:HH: DB: HH:DB:HH: Some of those old areas I imagine they were pretty high26
 DALEDB: HH:DB:HH:DB:C . BUNKERand--Oh yes, we didn't have any ventilation to start with. And they were and they made space big enough for you got down in and--And I don't know how high it would be probably three orfour hundred tons working level.I had one other little area I was going to ask you about if I can remember it. What men are you particular associated with in Union Carbide? Who do you have to work with to get your lease and have it renewed and who are you associated with in the company?Well, probably directly would be Al Beebe and Wally Frick, and course they're the mining superintendent and assistant. And then they have field men. Cliff Shivery, production engineer, he comes out and takes care of mymine and measures and the footage and okays the drifts and helps me much as he can.He okays the drifts after, after they're actually made or when you're going to?Before we try them, he okays wherever we're going to go and if I get paid for it or if I don't. Course he works directly under Al Beebe and then Al Beebe works directly under Wally Frick so it's down the chain of command and usually this kind of all agreed on between the three ofthem when they're ready to do something. 27HH:DB:
 DALE HH:DB: HH:DB:HH:DB:C . BUNKERSo in actuality now you would make a decision to drift in this direction but before that actual work would go on-- I have to get an okay.Union Carbide has to say "Okay, go ahead" and at that point you might work out the financial end of that, whatit's going to cost you to drift or if it's going, what's going to involve.Yeah, that's pretty much, for some of the drilling when they have new drilling they open up new ore bodies, well, it's automatic thing, we're going to drift to it if it's a good ore body. It's just a matter of which way we're going to drift.How far in advance do they have this, your mine, your lease drilled out, do they have to pretty well, the reserve drilled out?It's pretty well drilled out you see, and most of the ore I find is just small bodies in between the bodies that'sbeen mined out before. See most of my mining is clean-up mining from all the old company mining that's been in mines. When the company worked the mines out there they had a hundred men working out there, big stokes and they mined it out. Well they thought it would be cheaper they give it to a leaser or a contractor and have him worryabout the small bodies.Are you familiar at all with this water leaching processHH:28
 DALEDB:HH:C . BUNKERthat they're using in some of the mines down in Grants? No, I'm never been around there. I've heard of them, what they're doing and pumping the acid, testing down there aren't they, and then pumping it up. I 've never beenaround any of that.I was just wondering, apparently to be a economically feasible: 1) you don't want to be losing this fluid you're putting down in there; you can't have it being lost; 2) they talk about they need a pretty large mine it be able to work it economically. I was just wondering if you could see this possibility of using that type of a process in this mine in a later date, but perhaps we can really discuss it.I guess it could be, course there's a lot of water down there in my mine. That might, may dilute it so much.I understand they have so much water down there in Ambrosia Lake and they're doing it down there so--Well it might work then.DB:HH:DB:HH: Well, Mr. Bunker, I want to thank you for talking to meDB:HH:this evening. I appreciate it and enjoyed it. I don't know--I'm going to try, I'm still trying to catch your brother. Do you think I might be able to run him down in Norwood sometime?Yeah, you ought to be able to catch him up there.Well, again I do appreciate you talking to me tonight and29
     DALE C . BUNKERthank you an awful lot for spending the time with me.[END OF INTER VIEW]30
 