    C)Q).,....,0   >-.     ¥r-t 0    ¥r-t U)¥r-t::X::....-! 0 ¥r-t " '  0  "dC) "'    "d   È0Èu 0"d ....-!      0 ..c: 0 ..0         Q)tl.O ;:::l    u"'(/)< H C) ..0 Q)        U)   Q)   I "d C) 0  Q)Q)"'    È ¥r-t ..0C)"'tl.O  ELIAS DEGN Price, UtahC)"'"'An Interview By ("""') z"' N 0 .,...., Janet LloydI c.!)u   0"1u A        ( / ),.......,Carbon County Oral History Project T ape No. CC-301972Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 ELIAS DEGN Price, UtahAn Interview By Janet LloydCarbon County Oral History Project T ape No. CC-301972Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 ? 10, 1972Tape #1:BackgroundEducation and Mining1 3Table of Contents
 --THE lOTH AT HIS HOUSE. [THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH ELIAS DEGN AND THE INTERVIEWER I S JANET LLOYD. THIS I S PART OF THE CARBON COUNTY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT THE YEAR I S 1 9 7 2 . TAPE #1.]ED: When my family and I moved from Price, Utah to a little town called Storrs up Spring Canyon, a little mining camp, wondering how Storrs coal miners ever found out. We talked with the owner of it, Jesse Knight. Jesse Knight was a very good LDS member and had a dream one night that he had lost his horse and he had walked up the canyon and he had found an old bridle laying under an oak bush. If he would remove that bridle and dig down he would find a coal vein. It intrigued him, so that the next morning he'd done just as his dream said, and lo and behold he did find a coal vein. That is the story of Number One Mine in the Spring Canyon coal district. Jesse Knight also built all the houses made of stone, sandstone, he also built a big church house and a school house. Being a good church member, he would allow no saloons or gambling joints and the camp always did prosper. When Jesse Knight sold out, the camp started to diminish. To this day it's almost a ghost town.JL: Where and when were you born?ED: I was born in Redmond, Sevier County in 1908, Junethe 22nd.JL: Who were your parents?
 ELIAS DEGN #1ED: My parents were Mr. and Mrs. Hance Degn.JL: Where did they come from?ED: They came from A lborg, Denmark.JL: When did they come?ED: They came over here in 1906.JL: Can you remember the stories they told ---?---?ED: Yes, very well I remember stories when my mother andfather came over here, especially some of the funny incidents about eating peaches. They had no peaches in Denmark and they thought that was the silliest thing, to eat something with a fuzzy fur on them, and the tomatoes they thought were poison. When they see the American people eat them they thought they were going to die because they had no tomatoes in Denmark.The missionaries in Denmark had converted my father to the LDS Church and told him this was the land of bread and honey, and he came to Salt Lake City. From there they sent him to Sevier County and then the coal fields over here were intriguing to him so he came to work in the coal mines at Scofield.[break]No, my father came on a train, the trains wererunning when he came over here, he did not come with the pioneers. [break] There were a lot of prejudice feelings when my dad started the coal mine of Jess.2
 ELIAS DEGN #1Most of the coal miners in those days were foreign people and they didn't like the Mormon people, they were very prejudiced against them and they had quite a sad time making ends meet, but they would get no help from the foreign people at that time.For the mine disasters there was a Castlegate Explosion in 1924 on March the eight. 173 men were killed. I was only a wee lad at that time, but I was hired as a water boy to go in behind the rescue crews and carry water in for the fellows to drink. I remember distinctly how they were carrying the bodies out there and how bad I felt about it. Another explosion that happened in 1930 was at Rains, Utah in January of 1930. Twenty-seven men lost their lives there. I was on the rescue crew there. I helped bring out a fellow on a stretcher that we found alive but breathing very shallow. Me being the lightest man there, I rode the stretcher out with him, giving him artificial respiration while the rest of the men carried us out. That man is alive today. [break]As far as my education was concerned, I finished the ninth grade, and then my parents being from Denmark, thought when a boy reached the age of fifteen he should earn his own living. So I got a job in the mine loading coal. I weighed ninety-six pounds3
 ELIAS DEGN #1and was about four foot eleven inches tall. I used to go into the mine every day and I would load six three-ton cars and drill three holes, lay my track up to the face and set two timbers one day, and the next day I would load three three-ton cars and set three timbers and drill three more holes. The mine company would shoot the coal down for you at night, but notin the daytime. We were paid seventy-nine cents a ton for every ton of coal we loaded, only we had to buy our own powder to shoot the coal down with our own money. [break] No, it was in cash.[END OF INTERVIEW]4