 CURTIS COLVIN Provo, Utah Tape No. 79An interview by Gary L. Shumway August 11, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 
 Table of ContentsBackground. 1 Experiences at Hanford. 9 Solvent Extraction Process. 15 The People at Hanford 19 Changes in Companies. 23 Experiences with the Federal Government. 29 Breeder Reactors. 30
 
 This is an interview with Curtis Colvin, conducted by Gary L. Shumway at Elisa Snow Heritage Hall, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utahon August 11, 1970S: "Curtis, you have had a long life involved in the nuclear materials part of the uranium industry. I'd like to talk to you about your experiences in this, this evening. Before we go into this partof your life, would you tell me your background, where you were born and where you grew up and develop this into how you happened to get involved in this industry.C:Certainly. I was born in Provo, Utah, within about a stone'sthrow of Brigham Young University. In fact, the present Heleman Halls, dormitories at Brigham Young University are built on thesite where I was born, grew up, and I stayed there until I graduated from college. I always found that scientific courses were, came quite easy and there's ~uite a lot of interest in it. My brotherhappened to be a graduate chemist and my tendencies toward that field were such that I quite enjoyed chemistry and so I decided to major in chemistry. I had a pretty good background for this inhigh school since I went to Brigham Young University High Schooland the professors at the University taught the high school course. So I continued on in chemistry, little knowing what eventual aspect of the field I might get into. I guess my college career was inter- rupted by a, what you might call a childhood or lifelong ambition tobe a jet pilot. I soon found out that this wasn't really the life I wanted, the way of home life, and so I came back to school, finished up my chemistry and was offered a job with General Electric Company
 C: at Hanford Atomic Plant. I had no special yearning for atomic energy, but the right interviewer came along at the right time. Actually General Electric was looking for people to start up anew solvent extraction process for reprocessing irradiated fuels.It was the first solvent extraction plant in full scale processfor nuclear materials in the world. It had a brand new building, new laboratories, and they were looking for quite a few candidates to start up this process. They hired, I think, about 16 of us from Brigham Young University in 1951. Fifteen of us I guess were men, several of the fellows were married. We had one girl who was a graduate chemist. We all went to Richland. In the summer of 1951, just prior to leaving after graduating from the University, knowing I was going into the atomic energy business, I had the opportunity to go down to the San Rafael Desert where a girl acquaintance thatI had, had a step-father who happened to be a coal miner. Since the mines were only working one or two days a week, he and hisbrother were doing quite a bit of prospecting on the desert. They would find what looked like a promising site, from either outcroppings on cliffs or petrified wood. They would then start to work to tryto prove out the vein. So we took a trip down and looked over their diggings. They had quite a setup. They had a--almost what you'dcall a cabin. Each morning they would go up the cliff. They had tunnels blasted into the cliff a ways. They would bring the ore out in wheelbarrows. They had it piled up out near the entrance to the tunnel and they figured they had about a couple thousand dollars worthpage 2
 C: of ore. They were planning on either selling the claim or else rigging some way to get the ore down to trucks to haul it out.S: They didn't have a road up to the mine?C: No, no, the road was just to the base of the cliff. It looked like they needed some sort of ski lift or something. I think they were really hoping to sell the claim. Not worry about getting theore down themselves and then go off and try to find some more. There was a case of quite a bit of spare time and they might as well be out prospecting for uranium and maybe hit it rich.S: Did you have any yearnings, any inclinations, any temptations to join in the prospecting at this time?C: No. No. I figured I better get up and take the job. In fact, I had little choice really. I was--it was about the time of Korea and I either had to get busy on a job or else start army training.S: You mentioned you had an interest in flying. Did you ever get through flight school?C:No, I stayed long enough--this was just prior to Korea. Pretty tough to get into Air Cadets in those days and I was fortunate enough to pass all the tests and I was also fortunate enough that I was guaranteed that I would be a civilian if I either washed out or didn't care to continue. I didn't care to continue with the program. So, it wasone of those cases, the glamor looks good. When you get into the thingpage 3
  C:S:C:S:C:S:C:you start realizing the things you really want to accomplish in life. Grow up a little, I guess.So, you had been in the service for a short time. Was it the time when they didn't need many men and you were allowed to get out again?Right.And yet, now with the Korean War beginning there was a good chance that you might be called back.Fully eligible for the draft. So ¥ ¥ ¥Did this have any bearing on the kind of a job you selected? Knowing that if you were in strategic work you would have a deferment or was this even true.No it. In fact, I had actually been called up and deferred for school. When the opportunity came I actually talked to the draft board, asked them if there was any sense in me even taking the job because the draft seemed pretty imminent and they indicated that policy right at the time was that they would rather have a person in industry rather than in the army. So away I went.It could have been any industry then and still serve the same function?S:C: Well, no. It had to be, had to do with the war effort, and atomic energy was the main effort right then. Everything was quite secret.page 4
 S:C:S:C:S:C:Was there any special attraction for you in atomic energy? You mentioned that apparently you hadn't given t hat much thought to it . But did you feel a kind of thrill knowing that you would be involved in this kind of work?Well, certainly it was ¥¥¥ I also had a job lined up at the steel plant and the combination of an interesting new field and reputations, you know, General Electric. That was a deciding factor.The salary was ¥.¥ ?Salary was higher too. That may have been partly it then. I don't know. I guess the newness of the field and the unknown.So you left with this team from BYU. Was this a general practice to take this many from one school? What was there about it that lead,what was it 16 or 17 of you, to be selected from here? Was there any- thing special?Well, the recruiter had been sent out to hire so many men. I foundout later that the graduates that he interviewed in numerous colleges, it happened that the ones that had impressed him most were, the bulkof them were from BYU. He was a person that didn't worry about whetherhis candidates came all from one school or from numerous schools. He was after the type of person that he felt could do the job for him.So job offers were given for the--more to BYU graduates than from the other schools that he interviewed with. He indicated to me later thatpage 5
  C:S:C:S:that they--he had had to make some explanations for settling on one school. But they had told him later that they weren't sorry that he made the choices he made. It was quite a compliment for the students that had graduated from BYU.Then, how many would he have selected from all around for the job that he was asked to recruit for. What percentage of them might you say that had been BYU graduates, I guess.Well, from his own recruiting efforts--you have to remember that there were other recruiters out, that we're probably talking a total hiring campaign close to 70 graduates. I think he probably had to get about20, 22.And he got 16 or 17?C: Sixteen. Sixteen out of BYU. That's a rough number. I don't remember exactly.S: Had he been to other schools. I mean, did he just come directly to BYU and settle here?C:S:Oh, no. He covered four or five schools, I think.Was there anything special, I mean was there anything in the training of the people at Brigham Young that would make them stand out that much. Did they have that much more technical training or abilities than someone from another comparable school would have?page 6
 C: No. I think he was, well, number one, you've got to remember thathe was after people that could stand up under an F.B.I. investigation; people that wouldn't be prone to talk about what they were doing when it was better not to. I think he found that maturity probably was higher.S:In your--a question somewhat related here--in your experience wasyour training that you got at BYD somewhat limited, facilities that Brigham Young has as far as research facilities. Were you handicapped when you got there in finding that the training had been weak?C: I guess I'll answer your question in a round-about way. I think my feeling was that I may be handicapped when you start going up against graduates from pretty well know universities such as Cal Tech.,TexasA &M, University of Colorado. You do have a little apprehension since you haven't been in the field. But it didn't take too long on the job to find out that in a field as new as this, if you had the fundamentals that you did, most of your learning on the job. So that the basic thing that we got at BYD was well, basics in chemistry. How to go about doing a job that's required. I was quite amazed that ourfellows had no handicap whatsoever over those that were in schoolswhere I'm sure the equipment was much more easily accessible; therewas more of it. For the type of work we had to do though, it was sonew that we had to learn as we went. Different from now. I think it's quite valuable that you have good equipment in your schools and then you can step in. But in this instance, new field, no problems whatsoever.page 7
 C:S:C:It's a matter of finding out that you were just as good as the other guy regardless of what school you came from.Who d~d you do most of your training under here at Brigham Young?Oh, of course I had my physical chemistry from Dr. Bryner, organic chemistry from Dr. Br~adbent; the freshman chemistry teacher of course was the favorite of everyone during the era. It was Dr. Nichols. The first quantitative analysis which we have been strongly involved in since was under Dr. Wing. Not Dr., ProfessorWing.Professor Wing?Y es.Was there any of these that had, or any of your professors thathad an outstanding influence on your life, on your career? Was there one that helped you decide that it would be chemistry instead of, oh, physics or something else1S:C:S:C: No. I pretty well had my mind made up. I, like I said at the beginning found that the work came easy and was interesting. Pro- bably it was a mistake to not utilize more of the counseling butI never did seek out or worry much about counseling. I think listening to Dr. Nichols and his lectures certainly inspired oneto stay in chemistry. And they were all choice professors I thought.Each one had their attributes. I've enjoyed going back every year or so and talking to those who are still around.page 8
 S: So you went with this research team to Hanford. Do you remember your first impression of the Hanford works when you got there?C:Yeah, there were several impressions I guess. One was directly concerning the facilities and the buildings. The other was concern- ing the community. The field was booming at the time. Housing was short. We were all put in old WAC barracks. It cost us 25 cents a night to stay there. There was no housing facilities at all. The married fellows had to leave their wives at their homes; Utah orwherever they were. They weren't able to get housing for several months and get their wives up there. We stayed at the WAC barracks until we were able to get rooms at dormitories, we that were single. We were hurting quite badly for transportation since automobiles were pretty hard to buy at the time. Even if one had money. So as soon as our first paychecks came rolling in, we were able to get a down payment. We were all looking to buy automobiles so that we could get around a little better. We found quite a few people from Utah, particularly the Salt Lake area, already established up there,which made it very nice from the point of view of religious back- ground. These people had gone to work up there for the Dupont Com- pany when Remington Arms had shut down. Dupont was running the,well, they were prime contractor for the Atomic Energy Commission at the time. Closing down the Remington Arms--many of these peoplewent from the Salt Lake area. So it was quite a fine group of p~ople that we were able to fit right in with. They made us feel quite athome. The facilities, of course, were something to dream of, youpage 9
 C:could only dream about. I was used to working in a college laboratory. My early training had been in the old laboratories where the air was so thick with hydrogen sulfide that one could hardly breathe. Then we got the new facility in the Eyring Science Building where it was much better, of course. Still, safety was not emphasized like it was in industry. I never had a pair of glasses on all during my college career. I found that up there, whenever I was in the laboratory, I was to wear a pair of safety glasses. I would say as far as breathing hazardous fumes that I breathed more fumes in one week in college than Ibreathed in 19 years in atomic energy industry. This was a, I guess this was a side benefit, because it was realized real early in the atomic energy business that they had to take extrememeasures to protect the workers from radio active materials, both from getting into the body from the hands or through cuts or throughbreathing this in. So the facilities were very elaborate concern- ing ventilation so if you protect the scientists, or whoever else you have working in the facilities from radioactive materials,you automatically protect them from other hazardous chemicals.£0, as an end result theáatomic energy business has been one of the cleanest operations in healthwise position of any that you could find in the countrye Their safety record has been beyond comparison. For instance, you've got to realize that when theHanford plant was built, no one really knew all the details. They had only enough plutonium to work in small amounts of it inpage 10
 C: laboratories. Here they were building a large scale processing plant. They were building laboratories to handle the material and they were predicting how they would have to handle it. They seemed to do such a good job that there has never been a death due to radiation encountered at Hanford.S: Not even workers who have been exposed and maybe died later of lung cancer o r . ?C: Well, they have never proven any detrimental effect from radiation to any of the workers which would result in death.S: And at the same time death from other causes, related chemicals or other material things ¥ . ¥ as a result of their radiation1C: This is certainly true. Yes, we've found out a lot in the last 20 years. For instance, I mentioned hydrogen sulfide which we used in qualitative analysis in college. That material most people think, the common term for it is rotten egg gas. It's considered a very hazardous chemical now, to be avoided at all costs. So I'm sure that various universities have considerablyimproved their safety programs now from hazardous chemicals. Simple items like wearing glasses. This was the real thing that impressed me about Hanford was the elaborate care they took to protect the individual. Another thing concerning the communitywas that Atomic Energy Commission had one prime contractor running Hanford. They ran everything from the houses to the bus system topage 11
 C:plants, and it was quite an interesting situation. In facb,I began to question the wisdom of some of my early upbringing.I'd always been led to believe that a very desirable thing wasto own one's home and after getting married and renting homesfrom General Electric, which was actually a government home,and anything went wrong with the home, maybe the refrigerator door stuck. You picked up a phone; you called the maintenance manand he was out there in a matter of minutes to fix up your refrig- erator. If you heater in your water heater went out, you just dialed the phone and even to replace gaskets on your water faucets, and the rent was rather reasonable. We had a very nice duplex soon after we were married. Two bedrooms and a basement. I think wewere paying about 60 dollars a month. At this time, we paid for our own electricity, we didn't pay for our water. In the beginning I understand, everything was furnished including coal. So it was pretty good livi_ng. I really seriously questioned the wisdom of owning a home under those circumstances. However, when it was later decided by the government to sell the town and the homesand such, the situation concerning a duplex was that the duplexwas to be offered to the person who had been in it the longest.It happened that the other tenant had been in it the lo_ngest. He was allowed to buy it. Since we were pretty good friends; we gotalo_ng great, until he decided to leave and he sold it to another person who wanted to convert it into one unit. So we were forced to find other quarters pretty soon. We found that the impersonal effect that we had liked so well with the large outfit such as Generalpage 12
 C:Electric, running it had gone. We were then responsible to landlords. One instance, we lived in the other side of theduplex and found it very desirable to own a home. So about this time, besides selling houses, the government started selling land. It happened that several of us put in a bid for a parcel of landand we were fortunate enough to win the bid and we divided lots--the land up into lots the size that we would like to have. We hadabout 17 acres. We started selling lots that we wouldn't need for ourselves. As we sold lots we put in, we personally put in sewer and walks, water, hired the streets and sidewalks put in.We came up with a pretty nice little subdivision, we've all been very thankful for since. The reason we bid on the land is that it was next to a proposed site for a stake house. So this gave us easy access to our church.And the stake house was built there?The stake house was built there.And most of the people that were in this tract were L.D.S. then?Well, there was 11 of us that went in on the deal. I think we divided it into 37 lots, and of course, other L.D.S. people did buy in. So since it was next to the stake house quite a few did. But, oh, we have some very good friends that are not L.D.S. that bought in. It's pretty well all faiths. We enjoyed it very much.Your social life at Hanford, was it pretty well oriented around the--your church group?S:C:S:C:S:page 13
 C:Oh, of course a good share of it is. Certainly not entirely.We found that very good people among the other faiths, that we very much like to associate with and that we were acquainted with on the job. We play golf with them and had various gather-ings and we still find this to be true. We very much like to associate with others. We don't stick, we don't stick exclusively with the church. I think it's wrong to try to isolate one's self. We find that there are very nice and enjoyable people that make upa connnunity. Quite a bit different than living in Utah. But there's no doubt about--if you're active in your MIA, Sunday School, a good share of your social work or social activity is church oriented.Then your experiences have probably been much like other people leaving Utah and going to California and elsewhere. You do--you have much relation to the church but enjoy other experiences.That's right.What else do you remember about your experience living there. The facilities were superb apparently and there really was no great problem after the first few months with your housing and expenses of this sort, problems of this sort.Well, we of course, had to live in dormitories. We ate every meal out.S:C:S:C:S:Even after you were married?page 14
 C:No. No, we were fortunate enough that housing had eased up a little bit so that when I was married we were able to obtain a house, well within a matter of a couple of weeks. So we were in good shape there. I guess one can truly say that two can live cheaper than one under those circumstances. Because I had been putting quite a bit out to restaurants.S:C:There was no barracks type mess hall or anything were going out to private restaurants and eatinglike this? You and¥..?course, we didn'tOh, yes. There was an army base there. But, ofhave access to their mess facilities. And we would find that, you would find a restaurant that was putting out pretty good food. The word would get around to everyone that was eating out, and pretty soon the place would be jammed. And things would start tapering off and it wouldn't be long till another one would come to the front. Sort of like a game of rotation. To get back to the pro- cessing a little bit. As I stated, we were hired specificallyfor a solvent extraction process. The original process which hadbeen conceived by a scientist working with small amounts of plutonium was a precipitation processe It involved bismuth phos- phate precipitation with a lanthanum carrier for the plutonium.This was strictly a plutonium recovery process. The uranium was put into tanks and stored. It was not separated in fission products andmerely stored in tanks. And this had been going on since the first days in the early '40's. So there was a considerable amount ofpage 15
 C: uranium in tanks that had not been recovered. The beauty ofthe solvent extraction process was that you could recover plutonium and uranium and along with this it was planned to also go into a solvent extraction process to recover the uranium that had already been placed in storage tanks.S: Uranium 238? You couldn't separate them this way--the 235 from the 238?C: No. This has never been done on a procruction scale at Hanford. That's your gaseus1diffusion process which Oakridge and places back East.S:C:S:Would you then ship the uranium outside, back to Oakri_dge for extraction of U235 or was there any of this done?Well, the uranium that we recovered was shipped back to other commissioned plants. How much went to Oakridge or whether itwent to one of the other plants, I didn't really worry about where it was going. It's_going back into the cycle, however.Now without--this may be something that you wouldn't be at too much liberty to devise. How do you--1 mean plutonium doesn't occur naturally, does it, in uranium? Doesn't it have to be produced by bombarding U238?C: Well, when you say occur naturally, it was not known. There have been small amounts of plutonium discovered naturally since they know plutonium exists. But this is very minute. For all intensivepage 16
 C:S:C:purposes , plutonium is produced from uranium and the bulk, by far the bulk of plutonium on the earth today has been produced by man.So when you say the solvent extraction process, you're not talking about extracting it from say, a uranium ore or from a refined uranium oxide? What do you mean by a solvent extraction process, without going into any ¥ . . ?Well, it's quite obvious that, I think, the whole need for urani um from the mines was to eventually to get the materials to metal and metal was put into reactors and irradiated. You then come up withwe call a slug of uranium, which has been irradiated. It is then necessary to process this chemically to separate the plutonium from the uranium and also the fission products so that when you finally come up with plutonium metal, it has been purified. It's similar to finding a needle in a haystack, I guess, if you want to look at it that way. But the bulk of uranium compared to the plutonium is extremely low. Let's see. How did I say that?You meant the bulk of uranium is large compared to plutonium.When you start talking this you start talking about plutonium in grams and uranium in tons. So you do run through a lot of uranium to come up with a small amount of plutonium.Can you then recycle this same thing and isn't it just a bombard- ment process so you can predict that you are going to get U239S:C:S:page 17
 S: or plutonium out of U238? In other words, can you take what's left after you've gone through this process and this irradiation, and you have irradiated U238 to have plutonium and then you ex- tract or chemically separate the plutonium from the uranium. Can you then take this uranium that's left, put it back in and then irradiate it again and then run it through the same cycle and have some more plutonium?C: You bet. This is possible. This has been done. It gets to be a matter of economics after a while.S:C:In other words there is something that inhihits--there's a decreas- ing factor here in the amount that's going to be produced, from once radiated uranium over fresh uranium that you're putting in.It's all a matter of uranium 235 content. You have to have a high enough uranium 235 content which is self-fissionable to make the reactors run, and so if you keep burning up uranium 235 in reactors, pulling the plutonium out, each time you decrease the amount of uranium 235. You get to the point where you just don't haveenough uranium 235 to run the reactor.However, rather than say, shipping the remaining uranium 238 to Oakridge, it would probably be easier to ship in a little more U235 to make it fissionable again.Well, here you're talking something that's done as a speciality~A plant speciality, suited for the purpose. You don't just do thisS:C:page 18
 C:S:in a little tank or anything like that. You have to have a good plant to blend the uranium isotopes. Then you've got to go back to the metal, see.Well, it has been a apparently a highly complicated chemical process that has required a great number of great minds workingon it. As you worked here at Hanford, what was your impressionof the people? We tend to think of these people as layman. We tend to think of them as people who, well you talk about a Fermior a Lawrence, or a Boor or someone like this or someone not even in the same world almost as the layman. Did you find these people, this to be true of these people?Well, I had one contact with Glen Sebourg in the way of listening to him discuss a highly technical subject at a technical meeting.I found that he, let's see, as I recall his subject was'the trans- uranium elements'which can get pretty complicated. He presented the lecture in a manner of which I'm sure any of the fellows thathad wanted to take their wives, their wives would have been interested in listening to it. If you looked at what he was really presenting; he was presenting highly technical material in a mannerwhich it made it really easy to understand, very down to earth type man, who was able to get across to people, regardless of their background, that which he wanted to get across even though it was technical. I found this with many of the Ph.D. people that wereworking early in the game. They were people who were able to im- part their information quite reasonably and they were willing toC:page 19
 C: help out new people coming in. I recall one person, specifially, Dr. Kinderman, Ed Kinderman, who actually, when we were having troubles with some of our procedures, actually worked shift work with us. Very fine fellow since, let's see, I think he is withthe Stanford Research Institute. These people that were Pioneers in the atomic energy field, any that I have run into seem to be very down to earth people. They had a care for human life. Ithink it's very evident due to the record of the Atomic Energy Commission that there was, was considerable care for the individual and that safety in operating was foremost in their minds. The record speaks for itself.S: Did you have a, in your experience then, it would not be true to classify, to characterize these people, as so often happens with scientists at work, as being people almost immune to the world or oblivious to the world around them, a person who, who would stand in a daze as he ate dinner and then jump up and run to work out formulas on the blackboard or something like that.C: Not the people I've had contact with. Of course, contact with the early pioneers in the history book from my standpoint has been minimal. Of course Dr. Sebourg was one. I'm sure it's evident that he's very human, understanding, and again I wouldsay able to impart very technical information easily, in an under- standing manner.page 20
 S:What relationship was there i n, i n your experience , what hasthere been as f ar as all association amongst the scient ific teams?Were you, are you able to work freely with, wi th other persons without any pecking order, you know, of this Ph.D. group and these people as people that have been brought in on a lower route; arethere any things like that?Actually, it's quite different than the college atmosphere. Many of the men with Doctor's degrees working in the atomic energy field are unknown as doctors to many of the people working with them or around them. It's quite surprising at times to find out the fellow you've done some work for or have known for several years time, is indeed a Ph.D. In fact, the attitude is such,that I recall one young fellow who attained a Ph.D. and came to town and had his name listed in the phone book as Doctor so and so. Many of us in wanting to locate this fellow who happened to be interested in athletics in the church, couldn't find out where he lives because we kept running into this Doctor business in thephone book, and we kept thinking he was some M.D. So I think a person like that finally, it didn't take him long to get the Dr. off of his name and realize that there were ¥ ¥ ¥Hundreds of them around.Hundreds of them around and that it didn't matter whether you had a Doctor's degree or a Bachelor's degree. That you all worked together and tried to get the job done. Of course you realizedC:S:C:page 21
  C:that the people with Doctor's degrees were getting more money; that for the length of time spent on the job I've never, in fact quite the opposite. Much work that I have done when my boss happened to have a Doctor's degree, and I have been highly en- couraged to use my name only on the documentation rather than include his. Much of the leadership in the church, your stakeand your ward organizations, much of it does come from men with Doctor's degrees. However the stake president is a retired electrician. His two counselors have Doctor's degrees. One of them from Cal Tech and I forget where the other one has his. Cer- tainly a retired electrician is highly respected as a stake presi- dent by them. There seems to be no problem.In the job that's there, is there a limit that you come to fairly early where you can't go beyond it without a Doctor's degree, or is it a fairly fluid opportunity without the ?Well, I think there's no doubt but what there's a limitationon a person as far as your more basic research work is concerned. Without a Doctor's degree you just don't become a kingpin, you might say, in basic research. There are plenty of, there is ample opportunity however to do applied type research for management.Here again, it's certainly not a prerequisite for management to have a Doctor's degree. Things are getting tougher all the time, however. There's more people getting doctor's degrees all the time and it's not as easy for a person with a bachelor's degree to advance as fast as he might like to.S:C:page 22
 S:C:S:You have been with the company f or al most 20 years or working there. During this time have you seen a change of--General Electric had just taken over when you came in, is that right?Oh yes. They've been there several years now.You've seen it go through, process several people, several companies. Would you talk about your experience along this l,"ne, the change in companies and the change of orientationor emphasis and what your experience has been. Whether you've changed jobs or remained basically doing the same kind or work or¥¥¥Well, basically the Hanford project belongs to the Atomic Energy Commission which of course is in the United States Government, and the--it's been the policy of the Atomic Energy Connnission to obtain what is known as a prime contractor to carry out theirwork in these plants. Originally it was a contract where the contractor more or less performed the service for the experience; the government paid the cost. This was the procedure, I under- stand, of Dupont and much of General Electric's time. However things developed so that companies were allowed a little more incentive to run the plants for the government other than just theexperience for their personnel and their companies.C:S: Did Dupont ever take advantage of the experience they had. Did they go, go into nuclear energy in a way that would reward them?page 23
 C:S:C:Well, Dupont is presently the prime contractor for Savannah River operations, which is a duel facility of Hanford. They produce plutonium and so, I think in that respect you could say that they did.They're not on a dollar a year contract?Gee, I don't really know what their contract is there. Onecould only speculate at that, the trends. I assume they are not. General Electric in cooperation with the Atomic Energy Commission found that with the decreasing emphasis on the production of nuclear materials in the middle 'SO's that they could see that unless there was a more diversified interest in the business inthe area,that if too many reactors were shut down it could have quite an economic impact on the area. So, in cooperation withthe Commission, General Electric did leave as the prime contractor,and the complex was given to a variety of contractors who had something to offer in the way of building private facilities in the area.In the field you mean?Uh, it started out that the thinking was in the field, but inthe last, I shouldn't say the last, but the company I'm presentlyworking for, the Atlantic Richfield Company, part of their proposal for allowing the government and for bidding to be the prime con- tractor for the government in the chemical processing portion ofS:C:page 24
 C:the complex , the of fers t hat they presented were to build a resort hotel, to build a beef feeding lot; to build a meat processing plant; to head up a seminar series to benefit the community; to put money into enrichment activities for the community so that we can say that what they offered to do was quite a ways removed from the atomic energy industry. Others,however, like Douglas Aircraft and United Nuclear, they offered to put in a zirconium fuel processing facility. International Telephone and Telegraph put in the electronic tube manufacturing company. So there have--it's been quite an experiment in diver- sifying the area, and as a result we have many new businesses coming in, many new companies, and from a personal standpoint,the benefit lands, the wages, we've seen very little detrimental effect if any from the change of contractors. The Atomic Energy Commission insists that the total, total package be comparable and when a new contractor comes in, you may not get the same insurance plan, you may not get the same savings plan, but you get the total. But the total package is such that the real money that is coming to you is about the same.How about the working situation, working conditions? Has there been a radical change just as a new company comes in or does it seem very much like the same kind of project with just a new gen- eral business or something?Well, in such an industry one doesn't make radical changes sincethe record is so good. A new company has to come in and pretty wellS:C:page 25
 C:keep the status quo while they're learning, while their manage- ment is learning. Then changes are gradual. Again, safety comes first, protection of the individual, health of the individual comes first. About the only difference you might see when you change contractors is the enthusiasm of the contractor to incor- porate the people that they're taking over into their company. There are some companies that can eagerly take you in and makeyou feel like you're a part of the mother company, while others may make you feel like you're more or less a stepson or something like that. So, this is an indication there. I think you'll find that the companies that are willing to come in and make the effort are generally interested in having a good reputation, making the people feel like they're part of the company, the mother company, and these companies are real serious about the business; they can read the future. They know that nuclear energy is extremely--has a very good future and we've got to come to these things and theymight as well be diversified. For instance, the Atlantic Richfield Hanford Company wants to become known as an energy company rather than specifically an oil company. They would rather be thought of as an energy company. I think if you look at any of their ads in national magazines you'll find that they're stressing energy.Is this anticipating dissipation of fossil fuels and a need to turn largely to nuclear energy for production reasons?Well, when you say anticipation, I think the future most people think about is a compatible thing where you build plants on anS:C:page 26
 C:economical basis. If nuclear energy is more economical and more readily feasible than fossil fuels, well, you do this. I'm sure that these companies realize that eventually much of the energy has got to come from places other than fossilfuels, and it's not a matter of using in an unscrupulous way.It's not a matter of just going ahead and using something untilit disappears and then madly scramble for something else. It'sa matter of bringing in new developments, until, so that you conserve on your fossil fuels so that you have--you have to have them for such things as lubrication. They have to have a balance.Atlantic Richfield, for example, anticipated apparently that the day is quite close at hand when nuclear power will be competitive in large areas of the United States?I don't think there's any anticipation needed. It is today com- petitive. There's no doubt about it being competitive in many areas right now.Perhaps, part of this--the fact that it is competitive now, isthe result of some rather important decisions made at the timethat you were mentioning in the middle or late 1950's. Did GeneralElectric have any part in this decision the Atomic Energy Com- mission made to push through on the development of nuclear power for electrical purposes.S:C:S:page 27
  C:S:Now you're getting into corporate matters, that I could only speculate on these. And I really would not care to. Oh, certain- ly you hear bids that the companies have made.It's not part of, say, General Electric's literature thoughthat they were important in the industry decision that was madeby A.E.C., that you are aware of. The A.E~C. did make this decision that has proved to be of benefit; most people outside of environmentalists, would say that it proved to be certainly a great boortafor the uranium industry.Well, I think you've got to--you've got to credit people who are in the business with much of the thinking that goes on now.When I say in the business, I mean there are private corporations doing work for the government. There's the government itself now. I don't think you'd ever fathom out who ¥ ¥ ¥Who really was the first one to see this? Of course, as early as 1940 or '41 there was a great deal of interest apparently in, awareness that uranium had peace time potential as well as strategic use. You're not aware of any person that could be pinpointed asthe person to approach these decisions such as--was it Rickover in the Navy that pushed the atomic sub, who was it?Yes, on the Naval Base Rickover has been on the news all the timeand certainly has done a lot of development and pushing, and it'shard to find specific people like, that are as well known as Rickover.C:S:C:page 28
 S:C:S:That did the same thing as far as riuclear power and yet ultimately someone must have been the prime mover in this. I would be interested in knowing who perhaps that would have been.Well, you're way out of my field.Well, sometime we may know whether this was a federal--you know a government offical's decision or private industry pushing it. You're, you have been in an area where you have been able to see the work- ings of federal government. At the same time you come from a sub-culture that in some ways has suspicions of federal power andthe uses of the machination of the federal government. What hasbeen your experience along this line? Are A.E.C. officials, for example, as inept, as incompetent as anyone on the Colorado Plateau would suggest that they were. I shouldn't say anyone, most people on the Colorado Plateau would suggest that they were.W ell, I'm really not in a very good position ¥ ¥ ¥ W ell, no, no.I'm just really not certain what people are saying on the Colorado Plateau s~tuatione I can say that in my experience, people, whether they be in government or private interests, industry, the people I have come in contact with are very interested in protect- ing individuals and environmente And there's been no hesitancyC:S:C:whenever there's been any question on the practice to do everythingpage 29
 C:S:C:S:C:within their power to correct the situation; to again protect the public, protect the individual. It's just not been within my experience to see anything to basically criticize.Then there's nothing corrosive about working for the federal government that would make a person with a fine scientific mind or an interest that would kill off this, this enthusiasm or initiative?You're covering a broad field when you say federal government. My experience with the federal government has been the Atomic Energy Commission and I have had no complaints.As far as your own interests and your own desires to accomplish; you haven't found yourself any more inhibited working ultimately for the Atomic Energy Commission than you would have any private concern?No, the prime contractor here runs his business. He tries to do a job for the government. Inasfar as the way I'm treated is strictly an employee--employer relationship. When and if I get raises I see no real difference working for a prime contractor or for the private industry. After all, they've got to remain com-petitive. If you want people to work for you, you've got to remain competitive.There are some hopes and some expectations that breeder reactors will be a reality in the next 15 or 20 years perhaps. Do you thinkS:page 30
 S:C:S:we're realistic in anticipating such a thi ng, and if we are , well first, are we realistic?Well, there's no doubt but what their will be Breeder reactors on an economical basis, in my mind.Now, if we have Breeder reactors which actually produce more fissionable material than they start with we've got to allow for a perpetual motion machine don't we?C: No. You're producing a different material even though it's fissionable, but all scientists know that we don't get anything for nothing. We use material and you may change its form and get more of a different kind of material, but you haven't got a per- petual motion machine.S:C:S:C:S:There will come a time, in other words, when even though you're converting U238 to U239, there will come a time when you've got all the U238 used up and your U239 will be used up also?Well, you're taking one specific example of fissionable material. There are other sources such as thorium in which you can make Uranium 233.Which is fissionable?Which is fissionable.Is this what will be used in bigger reactors then, is thorium, primarily?page 31
 C: No. I'm not saying that. I'm saying that, well, when one thinksof the current concept of Breeder reactors, he's thinking probablyof some sort of a uranium-plutonium mixture which the Breeder portion means that you're producing more and more plutonium_ from this, as you gain your power from the reactor. Plutonium has been shown to be, one can utilize that in reactors. Well, to put it bluntly, I'm not a Breeder reactor expert. All you have to remember is that you're never going to get, at least we haven't found a perpetual motion machine.S:C:S:However, we have, if we develop the Breeder reactors we will have something that will seriously, looks to me like, however, seriously affect the need for raw materials, or seriously curtail the raw meterial production, haven't we?Well, why don't we say that Breeder reactors will extend the use of our supply of fissionable material.Should we learn this week, that last week Russia just made a strategic breakthrough, a very important breakthrough, in working on substances of this nature. Wouldn't this be a calamitous catastrophe for those people who have, who have commitments now to buy raw material.It moves you way out of the field.That's right. This thing--I'd like to talk more about it, just because the whole Breeder reactor program seems to be in conflictC:S:page 32
 S:or working with at cross purposes with those people who arenow making large orders for uranium in the next 20 years. Or maybe it won't be in the next 20 years because our breeder reactor probably won't be in, going in the next 20 years. Possibly they would. But for beyond that time, I don't know what incentive there'd be for the great surge, great push for raw materials that there is now. I suspect there's some liter- ature on the Breeder reactor that would answer some of this thatYeah, I think you could find out. What you've got to rememberis that technology today is so vast and that we specialize, that you're never going to find someone such as myself that can answer these types of questions.C:S:C:S:C:Breeder reactor questionsare highly technical I'm sure.as Dr. Sebourg and people in the Atomic top of this. I'm sure that people inYou find that people suchEnergy Commission stay onprivate industry who are also interested in the reactors, your top management, stays on top of th~s, but .It would be just like a Western American historian being expected to know anything at all about the China or the Far East or some- thingeThat't right. It's tough to stay on top of. You got a job that you're assigned to do. You do continual reading and study to staypage 33
 C: on top of the field and you can't cover all aspects unless that's your specific job. My specific job happens to be concerned with processing of spent fuels from a research and development stand- point. My knowledge of Breeder reactors is what I read in the literature and what's generally made available to the public.S: The processing of spent fuels has received quite a bit of attention of late by people who have, who would assure us that our world is ready for its doomsday. What kind of precautions are taken here and what kind of uses do we have for spent fuels?C: Well, when you say uses for spent fuels; spent fuels in our terminology are fuels that have served a purpose in a reactor.You then have fission products and spent fuels; you have plutonium and you have uranium, assuming they were uranium fuels and ¥ ¥ ¥S: And all the transuranium elements ¥ ¥ ¥ ?C: That depends on their history there. All the transuranium elements you're not--you don't have a lot of transuranium elements thatthey are currently trying to produce in cyclotrons and exotic metnods like this. You do have some transuranium elements which are very valuable. Its power sources and both they and the fission products have various--there are various uses which are gradually coming into development. So, ther~ is much of value in spentfuels and segregating the components out. Of course, they are in the business. There are different uses. I can think of one that'spage 34
 C: quite evident now. It's in the literature. It's the use of plutonium 238 in heart pacers. This, if you can get it pure enough could provide an excellent power source for heart pacers where the patient would not have to be operated on like they are with current power sources.S: What is the major interest that Atlantic Richfield has in spent fuels? Is it in general terms what you could discuss; are you processing this plutonium 238 or is it just utterly experimental or¥¥¥?C: Well, we, of course, look into many aspects as requested by the various government needs. Our primary purpose for having the plant is to provide the services that government needs. These vary;they come and they go. It depends on the market.S: There's not a very high, well-developed, obvious product that comes from spent fuel then that is well known, and it's not classifiedor anything?C: Well, the obvious product everybody knows is plutonium 239 whichwe used in nuclear weapons. That was the reason for the existence of Hanford. Our major purpose is to separate plutonium 239 from the spent fuel. Well, that ought to give you enough to think about.S: Yes, it does. Thank you very much.C: You bet."page 35