   MR. & MRS. LLOYD LARRISON Uravan, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-177August 5, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsAugust 5, 1970Tape #1:His Background and Positions. . . . 1 Changes Over the Years ¥ ¥ 4 Union Carbide: Uranium and Vanadium .......... 7 Her Background ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 9 Medical Situation in Uravan .............. 13 The School . . 15 The Church 20 V illage Missions 23 V olunteer W ork. 26 Facilities/Housing. 30 Recreation and Town Spirit 33
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. AND MRS. nLOYD LARRISON. THE INTERVIEWER I S CLARE ENGLE. [ THE PLACE I S URA V AN, COLORADO, AND THE DA TE I S AUGUST 5 , 1 9 7 0 . T H I S I S PART OF THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]CE: Thank you very, very much Mr. and Mrs. Larrison for taking the time to talk with me. I feel especially privileged since you're the first citizens of this town to have this opportunity. Before we begin, tell me about your job in particular, Mr. Larrison. Would you tell me first where you were born and where you were raised and educated?FL: I was born in Denver, raised in Colorado Springs, educated at Baylor University and the University of Denver.CE: How did you happen to migrate to Texas?FL: Oh, that's a long story. I had a friend who happened to be a fellow I grew up with from Colorado Springs who was going to Baylor. When I got out of the service I went down there and joined him. I was thereone year and then returned to Denver University.CE: Were you at Waco? When did you go to work for UnionCarbide? FL: 1949.CE: Had you had any jobs before that?FL: No, I think you could say that my time from highschool until the [present] time [wasn't anything] other than school and then the Army, the United
 MR.CE: FL: CE:FL: CE: FL: CE:FL:CE: FL: CE: FL: CE: FL:AND M R S . L A R R I S O N # 1States Army Air Corps.In what did you get your degree?Chemistry.What did you do when you first started working for Union Carbide?I worked in a laboratory.You worked with J.P . Moore, didn't you?I worked for J. P. Moore.He told me that you worked together when you first started in the company.He was the chief chemist here when I first came to work here.Where did you initially start to work?Here in Uravan.Oh, did you start here?1949.Okay, then develop your history with the company. From 1949 until 1953, I was at Uravan, I went toRifle where I worked until 1957. [Then] at Green River, Utah, where the company operated an upgrader, they closed that down in 1961, and I returned to Uravan, and I've been here ever since.CE: What did you do in these various facilities?FL: I worked here from '49 to '53 as an analytical chemist and as a research chemist, a development2
 MR.CE: FL: CE: FL:AND MRS. L A RRISON # 1metallurgist.Was there a laboratory here then?Yes, oh yes.Obviously.They had an analytical laboratory and then they started a research development laboratory. That's when I went into research and development at that time; I was the only one in it at the time here. At Rifle I worked in research and development. I worked as the plant metallurgist and I worked as a metalforeman. I went to Green River as a metal foreman for one year, then Mr. Cambridge was transferred from Green River to Maybell and I became the mill superintendent there. I came to Uravan, and I became the department head for approximately two years. I then became operations superintendent for four years and since that time I've been the plant superintendent here.What is an operations superintendent?An operations superintendent runs the operations. He actually would be what would be normally referred to as the mill superintendent. [He's] primarily concerned with the operations of the mill such as production, maintenance of the operation of the mill.The plant superintendent of course is responsible for 3CE: FL:
 MR .CE:FL:AND MRS. LARRISON #1the whole works, not just the mill, but the town, all the facilities that are in Uravan.How has Uravan changed since, for instance, your first stay here in the '40s and into the '50s and the 1960's?There has been a considerable change in things, justin, if nothing else, the roads in and out. They were dirt at that time from the top of the nine mile hill coming out of Junction into Norwood coming from the east. There've been quite a few houses built since that time. I don't know how many actually offhand, I would say about fifty or sixty houses that have been built since that time. R.E.A. Power has been put in here since that time. At that time we operated on coal as a fuel.In the mill?In the mill. We have natural gas now. Oh, there have been a number of improvements. We have domestic water from wells now. At that time it was out of the river. It was pretty primitive in those days, actually.CE: FL:CE: That was when the mill was being opened then, in 1 48, 1 49.FL: Yes, I think it began operating in I believe January of 1950. During the latter part of 1949 everything was built and reconditioned, getting ready for4
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON # 1 operation.CE: Before the boom years started.FL: Well, yes, that's what I guess you could call theCE:FL:CE:FL:boom years. That was the period of the big exploration, the big expansion of the industry.I'11 bet you have some stories to tell about that would be of interest to a historian.No, I doubt very much that I'm too versed on the history of it, really. It couldn't seem to me that I could--what kind of stories do you mean?Well, for instance some of the miners that came in, or some of the mining contractors. I know that you had initially--Union Carbide didn't do their own mining, did they? You had contractors do most of it?I think this is true, although I'm no authority on that. I've worked in a mill and actually I'm not too up on what's happened in the mines. Besides, I've never been associated with that part of it. I really didn't pay much attention to it in those days. My interests were in the mill, and as long as they gotthe ore here, that's all I cared about.CE: Has the process of milling the ore changedappreciably in twenty years?FL: Yes, it's changed, basically. Where we usedprincipally chemical precipitation means at that 5
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1time, we now use iron exchange and so on, extraction, that sort of thing. The ore dressing, that part of the operation is still the same. It's been the same right through. Here at Uravan where we now use an acid process we used to roast, but this is a basic change, I suppose, in a sense. Our Rifle plant still roasts as opposed to our process.CE: Have the methods of separating uranium from other metals changed?FL: Not appreciably. The methods, the actual metallurgical methods have changed in what I mention, solvent extraction and mining exchange where at that time we used chemical precipitation, but the actual extracting metallurgy from the ore itself is pretty well the same. There haven't been any other real basic changes there. There have been other types of services developed, but not by Union Carbide that are a departure from the old time-proven methods. I don't think that we've changed basically in this company.CE: What is Union Carbide's place in the uranium industry in general?FL: How do you mean?CE: Well, are they the leading company to--FL: I think historically Union Carbide is the leadingcompany now that DCA is not in it any more. This is6
 MR. AND MRS. L A RRISON # 1as far as years in the industry go. There are other companies that are in the industry that are bigger producers than Union Carbide as such, considerably bigger, Anaconda, Grants, Phillips, Kerr-MacGee, Utah Construction. I think that these companies produce more than we do now, pounds per month. We had one thing that--to my knowledge that's exclusive in that we are the main producers of vanadium as well as uranium. This is not true of the other companies.CE: Is that why, you think, that differences occur?FL: Well, we happened to be in this business in the first place for the vanadium. We operated a mill in Rifle for years for the vanadium. And of course, Uravan,Union Carbide acquired this land for vanadium, for the extraction and possibility of recovery of the vanadium in the first place. Until the advent of the Manhattan Project during World War II, uranium, even though it was known that it was in these ores, allied and associated with the vanadium, it was more or less a lab curiosity. There was some use of it in ceramic things like rose windows for churches and this sort of thing. There was some use for uranium, but other than that it was pretty much a waste product actually. In fact, I understand that during the Manhattan Project, the government came to Uravan and7
 MR .AND MRS. LARRISON #1built a mill on the other side of the river there, and all that mill did, actually, was reprocess the tailings from the prior vanadium operations that had existed here. In this way Union Carbide was in on the ground floor because they were in the vanadium business, they were treating the ores that contained the uranium for vanadium, prior even to the time that uranium became of commercial importance.This is part of Uravan history that I haven't gotten quite clear because--Well, now, I'm no authority on this, now--But was this mill closed when the Manhattan Project people built their mill?I don't think so, I think both mills operated. I wasn't here at that time.CE:FL: CE:FL:CE: I realize that.FL: But it was my understanding that both mills operatedsimultaneously, or at least for that period. Now this mill as it exists today did close [after] the war in '46, I believe, and wasn't reopened until '49. I don't know when the mill across the river closed. It's my understanding that the two mills operatedsimultaneously; this is the way I understood it.CE: Is there anything further that you'd like to contribute in regards to your responsibilities here,8
 MR.FL:AND MRS. LARRISON # 1besides the fact that you're kind of the mayor of the city council?I'm kind of the fall guy. No, I don't believe so. My position is the same as a plant manager anywhere. I think if there's anything about it that's out of the ordinary, I think it would be the fact that it is a company town and as such it's owned and operated by Union Carbide, maintained, and this of course comes under my jurisdiction.Are there any problems that are so unique that you would like to relate them? Or would that take all day?Well, I don't think there are any that are too unique, actually. [telephone rings] Excuse me.Well, may I turn to your wife then? You bet.CE:FL:CE:FL:CE: Mrs. Larrison, shall we turn to you then, and askwhere you were born and raised and educated?ML: I was born in western Nebraska, a little town, Kimball. I grew up there, graduated from high school,and I went to the University of Nebraska for one year, and then transferred to Denver to the Presbyterian Hospital where I graduated and now I'm an R.N.CE: Oh, is that where you met Mr. Larrison? 9
 MR. ML: CE:ML:CE:ML:CE: ML:AND MRS. LARRISON # 1Yes, in Denver.How did a Denver University student and a nursing student get together?Well, Lloyd was in the service there and he was the buddy of a friend's boyfriend and through them we met. He hadn't entered the University, he was still in the service then.But didn't he say that he graduated from Denver University?Uh huh, and then we got married and lived happily ever after.That's a wonderful story.No, we were married after--I graduated in August, and we were married the next year in July. We lived in Denver. He was at Lowry Field for a year, and the following year he was sent overseas to the South Pacific. Incidentally, he didn't tell you, but he was in a mapping group. He was an aerial photographer,and he was in the mapping group that drew up the maps for Hiroshima, and it just reminded me that they were saying over the radio that this week marked thetwenty-fifth anniversary of that bombing.Does he talk about that?CE:ML: Pardon?CE: Has he talked about that, having had that10
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1 responsibility?ML: Well, yes, he has. Of course it wasn't his particular responsibility, but he was in the group that flew over Hiroshima and Nagasaki mapping it before, and then he also flew over it after the bombing. All of his pictures and service records were lost in a typhoon on Okinawa, so he doesn't have any, other than memories, as a record of it.CE: ML:CE: ML:CE:Did he know that he was mapping it for that purpose?I don't think so, not until after the bombing occurred.What was his reaction?Well, it was pretty drastic. The results were terrifying.Of course this is very closely related to what we're doing with the uranium.ML: Uh huh, just co-incidentally, of course. The Manhattan Project was there till then, and fate, I believe that all things are mapped out for use before we do things. Why we came here I don't know, but it was part of living for us.CE: Do you practice your profession?ML: I did while my husband was overseas, back in my hometown. And then when he went back to college, I made real good use of it.11
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1CE: ML: CE: ML:I'll bet.But it was interesting.Do you have children?We have one daughter and she was born just before Lloyd was sent overseas. She was about a year and a half old before he really got to know her. He was overseas for over a year. I worked, I went home to be with my parents and I worked there in a little hospital in Nebraska, then when he came home, we went back to--well, Texas, that was one of the first places, and I worked there, nurses were pretty short in those days. It was a means to supplement our finances. When we came back to Denver, of course I knew the hospital in Denver and I worked there, mostly on private duty. Then since we came to these small outlying towns, nurses are always short, and I gave twenty years to my profession in one way or another, working where I was needed. I thoroughly enjoyed my nursing. Possibly you'd like to know some of the incidents that occurred here when -we werehere. The first time we were here, we had no doctor until--oh, I guess we were here about a year before we got a doctor, and I was on call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. One of the incidents that I remember explicitly, when we had a doctor, he was very much12
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1interested in flying. He had his own plane and he flew all the time. He had some of our very good friends with him, and crashed his plane on one of the mesas up here. Three people there were killed, the doctor was one of them, he was killed immediately. But we had a plane come in and flew him out to Grand Junction. But he'd been an old tubucular, and he only had one lung left and it was punctured during the crash. I was called out on that, and it was a frightening experience, but--CE: What doctor was that?ML: It was Dr. Drindle, he was here probably 8 or 9months before he was killed. Then we had several other doctors. It seemed to be difficult to keep a doctor here. Now they have it set up so beautifully, the company subsidizes the doctor and he can make a tremendous salary here. But because there were so few doctors, all of us who were nurses had plenty to do.CE: What was the clinic like in the '50s?ML: In the early fifties it was the same building thatthere is now, but several wings have been added since then, and it was very, very primitive, although we did do some obstetrics here. We delivered babiesbecause, as my husband said, the roads were dirt roads and it took a lot longer to get out into the13
 MR .AND MRS. LARRISON #1city. Then following the--after we left in '53--we had a doctor come in here just a couple of weeks before we left, a Dr. Acres, and he set up a hospital here, several nurses were around at the time. But he found that it just didn't pay, he couldn't make a paying thing of it, and it was very primitive, understaffed and under-equipped, and just notfeasible in this area to have a hospital.CE: Now, do you have facilities for a patient if he didhave to stay at the clinic overnight?ML: There could be, yes. There've been several deliveriesover there, possibly some of them planned, but most of them just emergency things. It's not equipped to take care of anything that would require--we have an incubator, but it just isn't equipped properly for delivery. It can be done in an emergency.CE: I've talked with two physicians, Dr. Mary Moore, who you probably know.ML: Yes.CE: She was here during the 194O's, and I talked veryextensively also with Dr. Ellenwood, and as a result I have received some background on the hospital and the clinic, but it's interesting to hear it from a woman's point of view and also from a nurse's pointáof view, because obviously you're very familiar with 14
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1 the facilities.ML: Well, in the past ten years I haven't worked, but it is--there's a very soft spot in my heart for the clinic and for the work that goes on there, so I do keep in touch with it.CE: Then you do have a nurse here?ML: Yes, we have an R.N. She's out of town today, but shegrew up in this area. Her father, John Fraser, you'veprobably heard of him.CE: I've heard his name many times, but he's sick and Icouldn't talk with him. I didn't know that was hisdaughter.ML: Anna Lee, we knew her when we first came, and Ibelieve that through my influence she became a nurse and went to my school, and they have been in Grand Junction and Shiprock. She spent a lot of her younger days in Shiprock. You've heard of Shiprock, I'm sure.CE: Many times.ML: She's out of town today, but she would be veryinteresting to talk to.CE: Mr. Pinnock's wife, right? I talked with Mr. Pinnocklast night. He's a schoolboard member and I was interested in hearing some of his story regarding the schools in Uravan, and that's going to be my next question. Will you talk about the schools here and15
 MR. AND MRS. L A RRISON # 1what you think about the caliber of teachers here, whether you find them adequate, and just your generalfeelings about the school?ML: Yes, I'd love to talk about that because I feel thatwe have really had excellent teachers. Many of them are wives of engineers, people who are here for company business, and they give their time as teachers. It hasn't always been that way, because back in 1949 some of us mothers even helped as teachers because they were--the budget was low; there was very little to offer the teacher. The school was something we practically built ourselves. The PTA was very active in those days, not as belonging to the national groups, but just to do things in our own community. I know I served under the capacity of PTA head and we had bake sales, we washed cars, we didpractically everything to buy books, to buy chairs, to buy supplies for the school. We even did some janitor work because the budget was low. Then through Mr. John Fraser who was one of the early schoolboard members here, we finally got our budget up to where it should be, because the growth of the school, the population of the town increased so that they had to improve the facilities. Perhaps you saw the buildingthat's coming down?16
 MR. CE: ML:AND M R S . L A R R I S O N # 1Uh huh.That's the original schoolhouse here. After the population increased and they could see that there wasn't enough room, Montrose County did provide fundsto build the other building. Now I think it's very adequate. They have, in the last few years consolidated the junior high group. We bus our children, our junior high students to Naturita and have only the elementary grades through six here now. We've had, for a long time, one of the most progressive kindergartens that any community could have; our teacher Betty Toole is very well qualified. I'm sorry you can't talk with her.I talked with her husband.You talked with her husband. She's in Europe now. Betty's a very well qualified teacher, and there are others too that are very good.I talked with Mrs. Craighorne who told me that she is the one that started the kindergarten here.Oh, yes.She's a charming woman.CE: ML:CE:ML: CE:ML: Our daughter started school here in the first grade. They didn't even have a kindergarten here at that time. Of course I'm bragging, but coming from a small town where her education has undoubtedly been17
 MR. AND MRS . LARRISON #1hampered in some ways, I feel she has done quitewell.CE: She's a research chemist, I understand.ML: Uh huh.CE: Are you familiar with the work she's doing?ML: Slightly. Yes, she's working in endocrinology, one oftheir main projects. Recently [she] has been [working] on the hormones that are present in the bloodstreams of pregnant diabetic women. They have done great strides there, diabetic women are veryprone to losing their children.CE: And having big babies.ML: Yes, they have big babies. In fact we have a girl--well, she's living in Naturita, Ruth Linell, but she's one of the girls we've watched grow up, and is a diabetic, and she's lost three.CE: But your daughter's going to help resolve that, hopefully.ML: Hopefully, yes.CE: Well, you're very proud of her I'm sure. Where doesshe live?ML: She is in Denver, she works at the Colorado MedicalSchool. So her education has come from these small schools, and I believe that it should compete with any.18
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1CE: Do the children who grow up here, those that you haveknown that have gone to city schools generally moveaway?ML: There are a few, but you will find this to be trueamong any group of people. Those who are interested in further education and get it move away, those who are not, who are satisfied to stay in the community, and I think that a great percentage of the youngsters do that, live in nearby communities.CE: You think most of them do stay in the area?ML: I can't say most of them, but great numbers do.CE: Do they go to trade schools generally?ML: Some of them go to trade schools. We have had severalyoung people in the last two or three years go to trade school. Now it's too early to tell what their education, what their trade school training holds for them, because some of them haven't finished, those that I particularly know. A lot of them come back and go to work here at the mill.CE: Do they?ML: I'm sorry to say. I mean I'm sorry only becausethey're limiting their own lives to only what theyhave known, and that to me is sad. CE: I understand.ML: But we have many who have gone out, gone through 19
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON # 1college and are making wonderful lives for themselvesoutside.CE: What proportion of the children in the schools nowML:are Anglo versus Navajo or Mexican-American, do you know?Oh, no, I don't have any--! couldn't tell you percentages, but by far the greater are Anglo. There aren't too many of the minority groups. There are some, and maybe Mr. Finney could give you some figures on it. The number of Navajos has increased considerably just in the last few years.They've become miners. Are there any racial problems that you've heard of, in the schools for instance?I don't think there are, because most of the children have grown up with these youngsters. We even have a little Negro girl who was adopted by one of the families here, and I see no--but then I can't tell you for sure, because I've been out of that part of it for years. After my daughter went to college, well for several years after that I helped with PTA and soon, but I have found other interests now, and do other things. So I really can't tell you about that. I could tell you how it is in our church and Sunday school.CE:ML:CE: I wish you would.20
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1ML:There is--you look around and you see people with master's degrees, bachelor's degrees, engineers, schoolteachers, doctors, even, and we have this Negro girl, we have Navajos, we have Spanish-Americans,just about everything. I feel this community is very well integrated, we just don't even think about it. Tell, me about the church. I understand you know the history and have been very influential in the history of the church here.Yes, that has been one of my most favorite and gratifying works here. Way back in '49, '50, the early years that we were here, up to the early ¥sos, we had no church, no organized church. But there were those of use who wanted our children to have the benefits of Sunday school, and vacation Bible school, even church services, so we did a Sunday school. It's interdenominational and it has remained so throughout all the years. I believe it's been an influential andCE:ML:a good cornerstone for our community.CE: Where did you get your material for the basis for thework that you do, because you don't just go into a building and say, "Well, this is going to be a Sunday school."ML: Well, that's about what we did. First, there was a little log house down there near the schoolhouse, and21
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1a group of us who were Christians, who wanted our children to have the benefit of Christian growth, got together and said, "Let's start a Sunday school." Where did we get our material? Well, there were some Presbyterians, there were some Church of Christs, some Baptists, and various denominations, and each one said, "Well, I'11 see what I can find." Then we put them all together and we came up with material that we thought would be valuable that would supply the needs of all denominations, mostly Protestant, of course. We gave our own money, time, lots of materials, and put up our Sunday school.CE: Where did you get the materials? Was there a house that--I've been acting in our church too, and I--I know that we have a particular house, a publishing house from which we purchase our materials.ML: Well, originally we did that. We decided on Presbyterian materials.CE: They have a great deal of emphasis on Christian education in that church.ML:Yes. And through the years we have come to--there's a Bible bookstore in Grand Junction, Intermountain Bible School Bookstore connected with the college there. They have an Intermountain Bible College thatwas originally founded by the Churches of Christ. 22
 MR. AND MRS. L A RRISON # 1After we became acquainted with those people they were very helpful to us, and one publishing house will write to another, or we had just gotten materials from various publishing houses. Our material has changed through the years, but basically, it is--well, I must say it is afundamental, which is not a worry in a lot of places, but it's a fundamental Bible preaching church that is open to everyone. Now in about 1954 or 1955, that was the interim that we had gone, and I can't tell you just exactly how they found out about this group, Village Missionaries. The Village Missions is the name of this organization. Now I can tell you how they brought it into our church in Green River, and I imagine it's about the same way. You read Christian literature, and you read about this group that's doing this, and another group that's doing something else. Well, in about 1954 or 1955, someone here heard about Village Missions, wrote to them, and they sent the representative out to talk to the people here. In time they sent a young minister, a full-time minister. At Green River we had a similar situation. We had a beautiful church building that had been built by Presbyterians, but as is so true in so many communities, they aren't able to fill the pulpit with23
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1full-time pastors so we--I was active over there for about a year before we had a full-time pastor, and the situation is very similar. Somebody hears about this group, The Village Missions. I don't know whether you want to hear about this or not, but to me it's very interesting. Mr. Walter Duff came with his family from Ireland, his father was a Presbyterian minister there, and also here, and Mr. Duff grew up in this family of ministers. They travelled throughout the country and found that there are so many small communities and villages, rural communities, mostly, that are without full-time spiritual guidance, and they set up Mr. Duff and sisters; started this group, Rural Village Missions. It's grown tremendously in the last fifteen years, I think it's about fifteen years old, fifteen or twenty, and they now have full-time pastors invarious communities throughout every state in the Union and in Canada. That's how our church really got started here. Before that we invited students from Intermountain Bible College to some once a month, or once a week, and we had other mission groups sent us pastors, but we were without a full-time pastor untilVillage Missions sent us theirs.CE: And is the minister you have now a member of this24
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1 group?ML: A member of the Village Missions, yes.CE: What is his name?ML: Pastor John Sheeks. They're on vacation, and I'msorry that you couldn't talk to them.CE: Oh, that's too bad.ML: He had a very interesting history. He was a chemicalengineer, worked for ten, fifteen years in positions similar to my husband's and finally decided that was for the birds and went into the ministry, into Bible college, and into the ministry.CE: From a scientist to a scientist, in a way.ML: Uh huh. But our church has, in a way come through it's various stages, of what was first a Sunday school only, and then the organized church. We have very low, very small percentages of people who attended in numbers because it is an interdenominational church. People hesitate to join the church, or transfer their membership. But it really is very simple. I am now a Baptist, I was before I came into the church, but I remain aBaptist, even though I belong to the local church. CE: How many children do you have in your Sunday school,and what proportion is that of the population?ML: Oh, I couldn't tell you what the proportion is, but25
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1we have an average, of, I would say a year-round average of about a hundred, that's adults through nursery school. Now during the summer, early summerCE: ML:right after school, we always have a vacation Bible school. That is attended very beautifully by I think, most of the children in town. There've been times-- well, during the boom years I remember an enrollment of 300 children in vacation Bible school, children and helpers.What was the population then? I've never asked that. Oh, what is it now, do you--have they told you already?CE: Mr. Jones said this morning about 800.ML: 800. Oh, I'm sure it must have been double that,close to 2000. Now they didn't all live here, but in surrounding areas, there were camps and shacks at the mines and lots of trailerhouses.CE: What do women in positions such as yours where the children are grown do here?ML: I never have time to goof off. We spend our time in volunteer work, a lot of it.CE: Where?ML: In the church and the Sunday school. I spent theyears working as a board member on the Public Library. We started a library here that is, I26
 MR.AND MRS. LARRI SON #1believe, just a magnificent l ittle place for the size town that we have. We have no income other than what we solicit and what Union Carbide gives us, a check every year.Oh, do they?And they furnish us the building, the lights, and the heat.Is that part of the Rec. Hall?Yes. I wish you could see that. I don't happen to have a key, but I could see if I could find one. I'd love you to see that library.I'd like to see the clinic, too, Mr. Jones said that he thought that I could see that clinic. I think that--and the school, too. I think it would be very beneficial to see these places, because if I'm going to write about them--Let's see, there may be someone up at the school, and if you need someone to show you these places, I'll be glad to.CE: ML:CE: ML:CE:ML:CE: Wonderful. You think then that the facilities for your church services and your Rec. Hall, and your school facilities are adequate?ML: Well, now, of course I would like to see better facilities for the church.CE: You'd like to see a church. 27
 MR. AND MRS. L A RRISON # 1ML: I'd like to see a church, and we've tried severaltimes to build our own building, but with the transient problem, well, everybody feels they're transient. There are very few people that are natives of Uravan. For myself, I still feel like I'm going to be transferred next month, next year. I've been here ten years this last time, but you'll find that to be very true. Most people who live here, a lot of the working people come from communities not so far away, Delta, Paonia, Montrose, Grand Junction, they consider those places their home. There's a big exodus out of here in the summertime on weekends, people going home.CE: Mr. Emmerson said that's it's difficult to get staff people to stay here because of the fact that the wives are often unhappy of the men who disapprove. How do you feel about that? Your observations, I mean, of this situation?ML: Oh, for myself, I would love to be where I could hear more concerts or go to art museums and art shows, but we make our own lives here. There are so many things that we can do, women who are bored here, [that we] just haven't tried. They haven't wanted to enter into the community activities. I don't know whether theyhave felt above them--I don't see any reason for28
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1feeling above them in any community of a library, of a Sunday school, of a good school. So, I have my sympathy with those girls, but not with all those girls.CE: Is it mostly staff wives who staff PTA and for instance the volunteer work at the church?ML: No, there's staff and hourly working together. There was a time here, and a lot of it depends on your upper-echelon staff of people. There are some who don't want to especially associate with the hourly people. A lot of my friends are among the hourly people and during the past few years it's become veryintegrated and people from every walk of life are doing these things together side by side. Now that is just my observation.CE: Well, I think you should have your observation.ML: Mrs. Silver, now her husband is an hourly, and she might give you a different picture, but I wouldcount--Mrs. Silver's one of my closest friends. I think that she would give you probably the same thing. She's also a teacher, she substitutes.CE: She told me that, and a college student, as I am, a perennial one.ML: I think most teachers are, perennial college students.29
 MR. CE:ML:CE: ML:CE: ML:AND MRS. L A RRISON # 1Do you want to talk about the maintenance of the facilities, your house for instance and your satisfaction, or your dissatisfaction, or isn't that a fair question?Yes, I think it is very fair. I wish that everyone in town had a nice big home like I have, but unfortunately, they built one house that is the superintendent's house--Not unfortunately--But we do a lot of entertaining. We have 40, 50, 60 people at a time. That's another thing that keeps me busy.I'm sure that it would.So we need a big house. There are some--we started out in a one-bedroom house, one of the little tar paper houses when we first came, and even then we weren't unhappy. It's what you put into life that's what you get out of it. As far as maintenance goes, all we have to do if something goes wrong, like the light goes out or the toilet doesn't flush, we call the--Bernie, he sends an electrician over or aplumber over. We pay none of that, the company pays all of that. In addition to that, our rent is so minimal, water if free. Our REA is high, but in comparison with city living it isn't. You can write30
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1it off as a tax deduction. I mean it's what we pay for housing and utilities.CE: Does it concern you that because you're living in a company house you're not getting any equity on a house and one day you'll be in a position where this w ill be a problem?ML: No, we bought a home in Green River when we were there. The housing was--the company didn't have any housing there. The company, of course, bought it for us and bought it from us when they transferred us here. They do that. When they transfer you, if you ask for a transfer they don't buy your home, but if they transfer you they will buy your home and sell it on the regular market. We had quite a nice equity on it there, and we put it in the bank where it will be used for future use. But I believe right at the moment, paying this high interest rate, we are far ahead putting our money into an investment of some sort rather than paying for a house.CE: Because you might not want to 1ive in a house when you retire for instance.ML: Right.CE: You might want to move to smiley Southern Californiaand live in an apartment on the beach. ML: Well, Sausalito, uh huh.31
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1CE: Do you think that because the company provides somany of these services the company takes advatage ofit?ML: They would like to, probably, some of them. Now noteveryone, and this true of the community. There are some who would like the U.S. government to pay all their medical expenses, everything. There are some employees of Union Carbide who would 1ike to have free rent, other things. Possibly they feel that with something new corning up in town, let the company do it. But on the whole I believe people use their own imagination, their initiative to get things done. I've seen it many times. Some will say, "Let's have the company do this." For example, when we wanted to enlarge our library facilities, "W ell, let the company do it." Well, we set up a comrnittee and we went to the company and we said, "We need larger facilities; here's what we're willing to do. We would like to have you furnish us the room and possibly furnish us the materials." They went into conference.Of course my husband was superintendent and I was president of the board, and I think it helped a little. But both of us tried to face it as impersonally as possible. They said, "Yes, we will give you the room, we will furnish you the32
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1materials." We said, "We will furnish the labor." We had over 120, I think, people volunteer time, effort, money, themselves, and we built this room all together. So there are people who'll take advantageof it and try to, but generally the people use theirown initiative, their own work to do it.CE: What you're telling me too is that Union Carbide is interested in education, which is something else Iwas trying to establish. Is there anything further, Mr. Larrison, that you would like to tell me, that you think would be helpful to a scholar who is studying a company town?ML: I might mention the recreational facilities that Union Carbide had given. They built the swimming pool. Towns all around, Paradox, Nucla, Naturita, Norwood, all of us and their youngsters too, have a Red Cross swimming program that has just been tremendous. Even before they built the pool here, they used--perhaps you saw the dugout back here. Oh, there have been volunteer people who have spent their own time and money to go out and get the training that was needed to come and give to the youngsters.CE: Oh, I see, I thought that you hired someone to give swimming lessons.ML: No, this is all by the Red Cross volunteers. In fact, 33
 MR. AND MRS. LARRISON #1we have had people who have gone away to aquatic school so that they could come back and teach our youngsters water safety. Our daughter is a watersafety instructor because somebody cared enough to get this education and come back and give their time to teach our youngsters. We've had some marvelous OTA programs, Old-Timers league baseball, to give the youngsters something to do. We have people who give their time to Brownies, Scouts, 4-H.CE: Are these things through the school?ML: No, not necessarily. Originally these things startedthrough the school, it was through the PTA that originally started these things because those were the founding mothers, I'll say, of the community, but it's branched out to where it's not under the PTA any more. The PTA had too much to do. But all of these programs are available to our children. We have several women who teach music and piano lessons and so on. I think that anyone who wants a well-rounded education for an elementary, on an elementary level can get it here. And all of the things to do with living--in addition, we have very little juvenile delinquency. I think when we hear of something being broken into it astounds everyone, because it just isn't here. I won't say our children aren't lively,34
 MR.AND MRS. L A RRISON # 1and active, and don't get into trouble, because they are, they just are normal youngsters, but because we live so close together we know each other, we care about each other and each other's youngsters. I think we set a good example for our children. I'm prejudiced, I know, but I've seen some of these kids grow up that aren't mine--I have to adopt a lot of them because I have had only the one, but I'm so proud of some of the kids that have come out of this community and these schools, it's just personal pride.CE: I think you' re in a good position to make observations like that because you are prominent citizens and you do get around a lot and know most of these people here. Well, I certainly do thank you. This has been a wonderful hour for me and I appreciate your having come down to talk with me.ML: Thank you, I've enjoyed it thoroughly. CE: Thank you.[END OF I N T E R V I E W ]35