  PEARL BAKER Green River, UtahAn Interview By John McFarlaneUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-155July 9, 1971Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 9, 1971Horses and Springs ... .... .. 1 The Chaplins ..... ............¥ ¥ 6 Damage Caused by Lake Powell. ... ..¥ ¥ ... 10 Schoolteaching in White Canyon. . . . 13 The Mill and Trading Post There ......¥..... 16 Teaching Climate ... ......... ... 19 Parties and Diversions. ¥ ¥ ...... ..... 22 OldResidentsofWhiteCanyon. ¥ ¥ .... ¥ . . . . . 25 School Children. .......... ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 27 Housing . . . . ..... .......... ¥ 30 The Mill. ........... ....... 33 Hanksville .... ..............Early Writing .. ................. Canyon Characters ......... . . . .Craig Carpenter. . ........ . . . . . . 46Other Drifters .............. . ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 50 The Pick Mine .........¥.....¥..... 52.. 37 40 43
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY JOHN MCFARLANE WITH M R S . P E A R L BAKER FOR THE SOUTHEAST UTAH PROJECT BY JOHN MCFARLANE AT GREEN RIVER, UTAH ON JULY 9, 1971 AT NOON. [TAPE #1.]JM: Mrs. Baker, would you please state your full name and your age?PB:JM:PB:I'm Mrs. Pearl Bittlecomb Baker and I am sixty-four years old, or I will be on August 5 of this year.I wonder if we could start with a little bit of your childhood and just start from there.All right. I was born in Ferron, Utah and my grandmother Bittlecomb who was a famous midwife of that area delivered me. I was born in 1907 on August 5. At that time my father had brought his cattle from southwestern Utah into the area out around the Smith cattle cow camp out here and he kept them there that summer. The next summer he took them on FerronMountain. When I reached about a year and a half in 1909 he and my mother drove the cattle to Robber's Roost. At that time everybody in the country had known Butch Cassidy and the wild Bunch. I grew up on the stories of the Wild Bunch always, they were very much a part of our convers~tion, part of our way of life, until when I was in high school I started making notes of the various things that I heard. I interviewed people and asked them questions and got1
  it all down. Then a few years ago I documented as much as I could. I made a trip to Telluride, and of course I went through all of the local records, newspaper records, and court records. I wrote the book The Wild Bunch at Robber's Roost. Now it is being reprinted. Since that time I made a trip into Wyoming and did research last fall and did research on Butch Cassidy, and I made a trip into Winnemuca. The trip into Winnemuca for some reason was more productive than the one in Wyoming and will be the important part of the book when it comes out in the near future. I had one sister, we grew up at Robber's Roost as children and were very much a part of the cattle operation. In fact, when I was small we rode behind our parents on the saddle horses and old Sam was the mule that we packed. She carried everything we owned and we moved onto a new home every night. Myfather would stop and step off his horse. Old Sam would see him and come up to be unpacked, and that was our home for that night. Any particular comment you'd like me to make about this? In the early days of course horses were always--well always horses have been very much a part of our 1ives. The earliest horses that I can remember are Bess, the old bay mare with a nick out of her ear and Brawny, the colt of the mare that my mother's people gave her for a2
 wedding present and her name was Penny, and Brawny was the only colt that survived at any rate. He was a famous old cut horse that was very known in his day. What his end was nobody seems to know and it reallyisn't important, but he was a very famous horse and my mother rode him a great deal. On Brawny she was a hand because he did the work and she just kept him up there tending to business. Prince was a big gray horse that had been raised by the Swazeys. He had the Swazeys' pine tree brand. I can remember that we rode behind and clung to our parents, rode on a pillow tied in with saddle strings. When cowpoking got alittle rough they'd set us off under a tree and take off after the cows and come back and get us. Had we depended on my mother to find us, I don't think she ever could have found us again, but my father never forgot a piece of country and he never could understand why anybody wasn't perfectly oriented all the time because he was. Our first spring that we fixed up of course was the Roost. Then we filed on springs on the Roost, and the main spring before thewater of the Colorado drainage was taken out of ownership. So the springs that Arthur has, Arthur Ucker has today are of a very long patented duration. French Seep was one of the early springs too. When my father went over to look at French Seep to see what3
   he would have to do to develop it he could see terrible wild horse tracks around there and he wondered what had happened so he read the tracks and worked out the story. French Seep lies on the south side of the gully, and on the north side are high, or rather steep white slickrock gulleys, and he could see where a horse had come into water--probably found the trail, and a lion had dropped off from one of the trees on his back, and probably too far back to bite the horse in the spinal column as lions generally do. The horse had run down through the little cliffs, oak trees that there were at that time, that were there at that time over the spring, across the wash and up on the white slickrock. Then it had fallen as it got up onto the steep rock and slid down over the slickrock leaving hair and hide on the rock until it fell into the branches of a dead pinion tree that was leaning over there. There it scared the lion off and the horse's tracks were wildly going back up over the ridge and the lion's tracks padded up the gulley. My father was close enough to have seen that the oak leaves that they had carried up on the rock were not yet starting to wilt. He thought he could not have been more than a half an hour behind seeing one ofthe most colorful events of nature. He fixed up the spring. All his life my father was one step ahead of4
 a thirsty cow. When he took his cattle into Robber's Roost it had not been taken at that time because there wasn't enough water. Only the Roost spring was used and a little of French Seep, and there just wasn't enough water. Not only that, the canyons were full of rainwater tanks that had been gouged out until they were more of a cistern than a tank. As the water level receded cattle trying to drink would fall in and be drowned. So his first few years at the Roost were, his first summers were used in filling orshooting these tanks. He had one advantage over most cattlemen of his time, he had mined and he understood about dynamite, so he shot a lot of tanks. He shot a lot of trails. The trail into Trail Spring which is one of the main springs that's been drilled today was one that he blasted out. I was a pretty good sized girl when he did it. My early childhood memories are of filling and fixing these tanks so they would not be such traps for cattle. In 1925 and '26 he had the range so well stocked that he was very much afraid that a drought could hit him or one of the springs could fail for some reason and the loss would beterrible. There were several years along there that the Roost Spring was never allowed to be on this more than a week at a time, because if the Roost failed, even if a cow got over the fence and trampled out the5
 head boxes of the spring and the lead trough that went into the trough it would mean thousands and thousands of dollars lost to him. So in 1927 he gathered and sold all but a few, not very many cattle. He died in 1928 and my husband and I bought the ranch in 1929. My husband lived only two months after the papers were signed. At the time they were signed he was ill. He had been leading a horse and the knot of the rope bruised his leg. Infection, a deep bone infection set in and he went to a doctor who gave him rheumatism medicine and spread the infection through his system. He died that fall from it, died in September. Then I ran the ranch until 1934. Then I remarried, and in 1939 we sold the ranch to my brother-in-law and sister and went to Oregon. My brother-in-law and sister ran it until her death a couple of years ago, and it still belongs to my brother-in-law.JM: Can you remember some of the people that worked on the river before the uranium boom?PB: At Hite and--oh yes. For some reason Art Chaplin went down there. He developed the first ferry across the river. It was he who took over the old holdings ofHite brothers and Gibbons and put the fields back into operation. He put a dam in Trachyte [Creek) and made irrigation water possible there and odd kinds of6
 fruit trees, fig trees, nut trees, and grapes nd developed a beautiful ranch there. I knew Burt Loper of course very well. He spent several years at Red Canyon leaving there in about 1914. I didn't know the other Hites, but I knew Fred Gibbons who was the Gibbons with the Hites down there. Oh, there were lots of people there at Hite. I knew Billy Hay very well. Do you have any material on Billy Hay? He was one of the most colorful people in the world. He was an Irishman who had come to this country and he had been trained for the ministry. He had been trained for a priest and for some reason or other he left and came to America before he was ordained, so he was well-educated although he did everything to deny this the rest of his life that he could. But he talked with a very broad Irish twang. Somebody tells about one time Billy Hay was going down North Wash and they met him and they said, "Where are you going?" "Well, going down on the Colorado River." He had gotten into some kind of trouble with the law up in Wayne County and he said, "If you see anybody asking you about Billy Hay tell him he's gone down in the 'Ki a rado River. ' " He always wanted to be buried in a Mormoncemetery because "that's the last place the devil would look for an Irishman." He is buried at Hanksville. He died at Rider Acres and he is buried7
 in a Mormon cemetery. He worked on the--well, he was up and down the Colorado River with the Chaplins a great deal. Now the Chaplins mined about the turn of the century, placer mined on the Colorado River widely. Bill Chaplin and Lou Chaplin are brothers who were together down there, and their father was with them one winter. I had heard Lou Chaplin's wife tell about when he came out. He didn't want to die on the river and he felt that his time was pretty much upon him and he wanted to come out. So they started out, and it was just before Fawn was born and Lou didn't want Alice to stay on the river any longer. He didn't think it was safe. So he sent Alice and a friend of hers, a woman who was down there with them--! can't know really who it was--but the two women in a buckboard, and the old gentleman drove. Then to get supplies I think Bill Chaplin was with the team, the four-horse team and the wagon. The old gentleman would sit up there and drive and they knew he was terribly, terribly ill, but he wanted to get to a spring where a few years before he had met themessenger who had brought him the news of his wife's death, and so he just kept them going until way in the middle of the night and he was so determined that they just went along with him. After they got to this spring then the girls made their bed in the buggy and8
 I think he was lying on the ground. Alice wa a beautiful singer and he asked her to sing a speci 1 song, so she sang that song and they all went to sleep. In the night the son checked on the old manand he was gone. So they took him into Nodam I think, and I think he's buried in Wayne County somewhere, but it was a most moving thing for Alice to tell the story. Another story Alice told about when they were down there--it was when Fawn was a baby, and it was in the spring. They wanted to come up to come out of there but they had to come up the fall of Snoop Fork and they couldn't pull a boat up over it and they tried several times. They'd get almost to the top and then they could not pull the boat up over and then they would just let the boat back down over the ripple. Alice was so frightened, so terribly frightened and finally she just buried her, she had Fawn in her arms in this little white dress of course and she just buried her face in his, down, cuddledher face down in the baby's and didn't look up again. They finally after several unsuccessful efforts were able to go up over the falls and to come out down there, but Lou spent a lot of his time down there and so did Alice. She enjeyed it tremendously. She and this friend of hers did the cooking for the crew and they had several men working down there and they made9
 good money washing gold out of the bars. Now Cass Hite always said he could see the bar that he washed from his doorway, and he always said that he was the richest man in the world. There was a million dollars and more over in that bar and all he had to do was wash it out. I visited Cass's grave and the grave of Belynn down there a few years ago. Slim Williams took me in his boat down to the---?--- and I walked upjust before the water covered the graves. Of course we people who have lived in White Canyon and at Hite and on the river--are heartbroken that so much was lost beneath the lake. Nothing of Lake Powell can ever give to the visiting public, can even begin to compare with the damage that it did in wonderful, wonderful fabulous places that it covered. The Indian writings on the Smith's Bar at Smith's Fork were simply out of this world. They were much superior to Newspaper Rock in Indian Canyon. They had regular stories that they told. To lose that was a comparable lost to the American people. There were so many people that could have gone down the river and did go down the river. They were just discovering the river and camped along the river. The camping spots were fabulous and so many of them, than can camp around the lake that there just is no way of telling it. Itwas a river of the few ripples, but enough to make it 10
 interesting. The float trips were perfectly rnarvelou down it and the history of the bars that are cover d forever and lost is beyond all telling. Nobody could ever gather all of the history together. The California Bar itself was a background of such tremendous interest. That is where Turner's buried. That is where Burt Loper and Rachael spent their honeymoon, and many people did work on the California bar. There were patented claims there. Rosie Gerhartand her family did work on the California Bar. In fact I was there when the tunnels that they had dug out, they had used for storage of fruit and household goods. They were not there when I visited California Bar, but they had done a tremendous amount of work there, taking out considerable gold, and all of that of course is completely lost. It's lost forever. As well as Escalante Canyon, the Cathedral of the Desert is gone, Music Temple is gone. Things that are ofmore traditional value, historical value than the mere commercial or recreational value or the lake can ever supersede. I remember when Hite was covered. I was living in New Mexico and I knew the lake was coming up, but I hadn't realized how much it was going to mean to me. I had always, when the worldwould get too much with me, I'd go down and spend a few days with Barretts at their place on White11
  Canyon. They had a little spring there and a little five acre parcel of land that they had a patent on. Mrs. Barrett called it the poor farm but she did it in a very joking way. She dearly loved the poor farm- -but I would go down and spend time with the Barretts and I had just received a letter in New Mexico from Ethel that she had gotten from Art Chaplin that he had tied his boat to one of the big trees and I wasdissolved in tears. I just couldn't keep from crying. My son came to visit me, my youngest son who had spent some time down there with me and he said, "Well, Mommy, you knew it would happen." I said, "Yes, yes, I did know it would happen, but I didn't expect it to happen so quick." "Well," he said, "don't forget there's little more than a faucet drip going into that thing." But when I went down a couple years later and made a trip on the lake with my son and his big boat Burt Loper's people would say, "Well, how do you feel?" Well, it was so different from what it had been I said, "Well, it does look the same. The outline, the skyscape is the same. The horizon is the same and all that, but it isn't the same at all, and if you must know I'm crying inside." Now what shall I talk about that doesn't touch mequite so deeply?JM: Do you remember when the beamers came in?12
 PB: Down in, no that was in the early 1890s. Now that was mostly when the Chaplins first came into that area. Now when Hite was set up as a post office there weretwo hundred names on the application--another cute little thing about the Hite post office--in later years when there were very few people on the river you know and the fellows would gather in there and they'd play poker. Well, nobody had any change. Who carried change in their pocket out like that? So they used the change from the post office as poker games, and when they were through they all tossed it back into the post office. One tent at Hite had a fireplace in it. The fireplace was there and I said, "How come this fireplace is out here in the middle of nowhere?" They told me that at one time a fellow had a tent down there and no way to heat it you know, so he just built a fireplace in it.JM: Approximately what year did you move over to White Canyon?PB: I went down to White Canyon first in '49 I think it was. Barbara and I were talking about that the other day. It was after the mill had been put in down there and they had--let's see, they had had a school on the Hite side, but the school was there when the millwent in. After Dan Miller took his family down there- -he had several children and there were the two13
  Gerhart children, Mrs. Gerhart taught there a year.They built a schoolhouse and Mrs. Gerhart taughtthere a year. Then the mill was put in and she mayhave taught there two years or she may have taughtthere a year. No, Pearl Meacham taught there a yearafter the mill was put in and then the next year in1949 I think it was, I went down and taught a year atHite, but they were hauling the children across onthe ferry. There was no handrail around the ferry. Itwas just a flat barge and the people from WhiteCanyon finally rose up in wrath and said, "We willnot let our children ride that ferry every day," andthey were right. So about in January or FebruaryGarfield County closed the school because I had onlythree pupils that were on that side of the river. Inthe meantime I had moved across the river also and Irode the ferry back and forth. For a while I had onestudent who ride with me, but the main body of peoplewouldn't send their children across. Then the nextyear they built the schoolhouse and a woman taughtthat year--it must have been after 1 49 and then aIwoman taught the first year they had the schoolhouse on the White Canyon side. Then I taught two years and the next year a woman came from Idaho down there to teach and she fell, climbing on one of the ledges and broke her ankle, and she taught there with a broken14
 ankle all winter. That was the year they shut the mill down I believe, and Barbara and I decided that must have been close to '56 that they closed the mill. Then I went down and ran the trading post and the post office for a year. No, we decided '54 they closed the mill, because remember when the two planescollided over the Grand Canyon--that was in '56. Now I was just coming off the river. I had made a river trip with George White, and that was in '56. I ran the post office and the White Canyon trading post there in '55 and 1 56, winter of '55 and '56.JM: Would you talk about some of the problems down there- -the tramp miners, the politics, of the characters.PB: Well, my documents picked up families quite thoroughly, right?JM: Yes.PB: You must have--you talked to Rick, you must havepretty much on Clark Simon. Now right now Joe Plosser who was one of the early prospectors in there who made a good deal of money out of his uranium claims. His wife lives at Peacedale. They came in there and bought property near Arth and Della, they were old friends and are living at Peacedale. Ethel Barrett and I plan to make a trip over there this summer and spend some time with them. Arth and Della we all likevery much. Now the Barretts went down in there for 15
  Frank Hill when their son was about four years old. Going down North Wash they had to come over through Green River and go down through North Wash at that time. That's when Arth and Phoebe were on the ranch at Hite, and very early in there, in their settling at Hite Frank thought if he went down from Dove Creek, Colorado, his health would be better during the wintertime. He prospected around in that country a little. So on their way down, Mike their son, who was about four had a terrible, terrible case of croup, and they almost lost him in North Wash, but they finally got on down. I think their car broke before they got there and Frank had to walk on down and maybe they walked on down. Anyway, they spent the winter down there with Chaplin, then they kept going down in there. At the time the mill went in Frank had been on the poor farm for quite a while. He had had it developed for quite a while, but at the mine, at the Happy Jack Mine for several years there were Jack and Gene Casey who were just a young couple, and Billy and Betty's husband--what was his name? Just another fellow or two, there were only three or four miners running that mine, and then the ore was hauled and processed at the mill at White Canyon. That'swhat the mill was built for was the Happy Jack Mine. Originally Eckers, way back when had a claim, a16
 copper claim on the Happy Jack area, b t i t had been allowed to fall away. They hadn't patented it or anything and then when Cooper and Shumway who's Cooper's partner?--went in, and you don't have a mine until you have a market. So when the mill was set up as a market for their ore then the Happy Jack was a very rich property. The White Canyon drew people who were rank extroverts and who were people who were individuals in their own right. If they didn't, if they were not and they were not able to live within their own resources they didn't last long. So actually living at White Canyon was quite an experience. We all respected each other's individuality, but we were all roaring individuals and we had a ball. We really had a ball. In the beginning Frank's son came down to start a 1ittlestore there and he received his financing from Myron Foree. They were partners in the store and Bill ran the store until he had to go in the service during the Korean War. Then Myron came down to run it. Myron had been in the business in Cortez, Colorado, and he came down to run it about the time he and Eloise were married. So then she came down there. Well Eloise is from an old, old family in that area, from the--her father's name was Alexander and I can't remember what her mother's maiden name was, but her mother's father17
 had the first trading post at Four Corners, so she was very much a part of that area. She had worked in the back for a long time at Cortez and was a businesswoman, so she ran the store mostly while Myron was on the road. One time he had a fire in the truck in the wintertime coming down off of Bear's Ears and he--well gee, he almost didn't get it out. Someone came along and helped him. Maybe the truck did burn up, but anyway during the hassle around there he lost his wedding ring and the wedding ring was kind of precious to him you know. I remember thatabout his truck. Then he finally got a plane and few in and out. Then after the mill closed there wasn't anything to keep him there anymore and he put in more time and more effart at the Fry Canyon store. Then they went to Mexican Hat and built a store. Then from Mexican Hat they went out in the reservation and hebuilt a fabulous trading post at Baby Rocks which is east of Kayenta, twelve miles east of Kayenta. The Forees and I are very dear friends and I go to see them once in a while and we relive the White Canyon days with a great deal of interest. The Forees and the Barretts were very close. After the mill went in Frank built a little place down near the store and often Ethel ran the store. In fact, before Eloisemoved down there I think Ethel put in an awful lot of 18
 time at the store. Miners we didn't have too much o, but there were lots of mill people and some of the mill people went on maybe to better things.JM: Can we talk a little bit about the social life that you had down there? Some of the parties.PB: Actually, I got in a little late on the parties. They weren't having parties much when I was there. I remember the first Christmas I was there. I was trying to play violin accompaniment to our Christmas carols and I was so cold, we had a big bonfire outside and everybody made it a point of, "Oh, this wonderful climate at Hite." Well, I thought it was terribly overestimated and my hands were so cold I couldn't really get the notes; nobody was listening to me anyway. The kids were running around there barefcoted. In fact, that almost ruined my teaching career. I made up my mind that kids were going to have to wear shoes to school. I said, "Now, just don't come to school barefooted because I'll send you home if you do." So the Dan Millers moved out because nobody was going to tell him whether his kids could go barefooted or not. So it tore up the school and it almost ruined my teaching career. We practicallydidn't have any kids left. But they wore shoes to school and the children--mind the children were this extroverted type too, and Ethel told me when I went19
 down to teach in White Canyon, the first time, "Pearl, I hope that you get along better than the teacher we had last year." I said, "Why, what happened?" She said, "Well, she cried all winter. She just cried all winter long." I said, "Why?" "Well, she couldn't understand the kids and she couldn't understand the parents and she was just very unhappy." I understood the children thoroughly. We got along fine and quite often I would glance out and a parent would be sitting on the doorstep because the schoolhouse was on the way to the post office. They'd go down and get the mail and come back and sit on the doorstep a little while and rest and just kind of listen to what was going on inside. Sometimes they came in and sometimes they didn't, and I made it clear to the parents I was not a teacher and quite often I didn't approve of the things that I did and I'm sure quite often they wouldn't, but we were going to do the best we could and get the kids an education if we possibly could. It was while I was there that Ideveloped this grammar course that--of course I've added to it from time to time, and while I was in New Mexico I really combed it out--I have a grammar course including training aids of little manipulative devices that could revolutionalize grammar in high school. But I don't have the Ph.D, so in all20
 probability it will never, never get off the ground. Isn't it a shame to have all the answers when nobody asks you a question? (laugh) One of the training aids by the way is right there, right on that box there or right on the filling cabinet. That cardboard right there.JM: Miss Baker, can you relate any of these stories that you heard about the parties held down at the mill by the mill people?PB: Yes, naturally in a community as small as that there will be the classic woman who can't cook. Everything that she cooks is either damaging or downright dangerous. So they tell a story about the fellows who were playing a tune on the guitar and one of them on the--you know, music instruments--and one of them said, "Here, you take this guitar for a little while. I saw my dog eat one of this woman's cookies and go under the table and I'd like to check on him."(laughing) I'm not sure whether he can cope with it. A lot of them drank but not immoderately. Now when this teacher from Idaho came to go down there her husband stopped to see me and said, "We understand that you have been down at Hite, and we stopped and talked to someone up here who told us that it was nothing but a drunken brawl day after day after daydown there." So when I found out who had said that, I 21
  said, "Yes, for him it was because he didn't get out of the beer joint," but I said, "I want you to know that there are some fine families down there and the children are delightful because they are children who are self-reliant and upstanding and it wasn't a drunken brawl all the way along, although there were people who were that way." Ethel lived near the store, and one time my oldest son said to my second son, "Mama's getting impossible. We're going to have to take her down and let her live in White Canyon a little while." So they flew me down. They had a plane at that time. Well, it didn't make any difference to Ethel or to me how long I stayed. We were very close friends, and so we enjoyed each other thoroughly.Well, the weather settled in until they couldn't come down and get me, so I stayed Christmas and the week between Christmas and New Y ears. On New Y ear's Eve over at the store we could hear signs of, sounds of revelry. They were having a real knock-down drag-out party over there. Ethel and I were staying home and we were being pretty snooty about the people who just got drunk on holidays you know, and she went over to the store for something and I stayed to watch whatever it was she had cooking. She came back she opened the door and said, "Look what I found." She opened the door wide and the light fell out on Joe22
 and Jack. I took one look a them and I cou d see they were as boiled as two boys ever get. It seems that their wives had booted them out, and since they couldn't fly down to get the old lady they'd better go down and get her in the truck. So they came down and got Arthur out of bed in the middle of the night, made him put them across the ferry and came over to get Mom, see. I never laughed so hard in my life as I did at those silly fools coming home. I don't wonder that their wives kicked them out. It's a wonder they let them back. But they did have a lot of parties. I remember the first picture show I went to at Hite. I had gone down and I felt awfully blue. I had been such a failure in Green River and had been working in a cafe to make a living. My sister said she would take Noel, who was the only boy home at that time, so I decided to go down there and teach because there just wasn't anything to do in Green River. So I was pretty upset when I went down. I hated to leave Noel and I didn't want to take him. He didn't want to go.When I first pulled in I stayed in one of our tents and my brother-in-law and his wife, Gene and Edity Morrison were living in tents down along the river on the Hite side and he was working at the mill. He was going across the river about every day and was working at the mill. So I stayed in the tent for23
  about a month and then I started getting cold and I didn't know what I was going to do. Ruben Nielsen who lived there and was taking care of things while Arthur was gone, said, "Well, the stove wasn't really intended to keep the tent warm, it was just to take the chill off." But I couldn't see myself living in there without even the chill taken off. So I went down and lived with June and Edith. When I first moved down there I must still have been in the tent. I was, I was still in the tent before I went to live with them--they had the show. They had brought a little projector over at the mill and they brought-- they had shows flown in. The mail came in, the mail came in that time by truck from Hanksville. Eventually it came in by plane from Cortez, but the show had come in, and so everybody gathered round and they had put a sheet up on a board up on a tree and then they threw the movie up on that and then we all sat around on the side hill and under the trees. It was a full moon and there we sat in the shadows of the Cottonwood leaves on the bank under the tree watching a movie and I thought, "Gee, how romanticcan you get? This is living, this is really living." Then one time I showed kids slides of Goblin Valley, and that's the first time I'd ever seen the slides of Goblin Valley and it was perfectly beautiful, but I24
 think we had a show about every week. They were more or less late shows. They weren't all that old. We enjoyed them tremendously, and then after the school was in there we brought a record player and we also bought a typewriter for the school. When I first went down to the schoolhouse it was just a shell, a tar paper shell and a roughboard floor with cracks in the floor that were about half an inch wide. Then someone had ill-advisedly oiled the floor with old motor oil, so every time a child dropped a piece of paper on the floor and anybody stepped on it, it was just illegible. All of the children would sometimes during the day develop a little round circle of floor dirt on his nose from looking down underneath to see if he could find a pencil that had rolled down a crack. Well, during the election year, now that must have been--what year would that be? It would be '54--'56. '54 Eloise and the election judges sat over in the schoolhouse and dang near froze and they said, "This is for the birds. Do you mean our children are coming to this schoolhouse like this?" All of the fellowsgot together. Myron furnished the material and they floored it and put sheetrock in it and then we were in business. We had a good school, but up to that time it had been pretty rough because no matter howmuch fire you built the wind whistled up from the 25
 cracks in the floor and it just didn't quite get it [warm]. We never did have any playground equipment. That I kind of worried about, but we did put out a paper and we went and sold it around to various people because that's the only way we had to get money to do things that we wanted to do like buy hectographs to put out the paper and handicraft material and things of that kind. We sold that in magazine subscriptions to get stuff for ourhandicrafts in school.JM: Would you say in general that the people were happydown there?PB: Oh, we look back on it as one of the memorable timesof our lives, we all do. All of us do, as being the happiest times of our lives because we were ourselves. Nobody tried to impress anybody else. There wasn't any point in it. Then we're very close yet. We have, there's a small group of us who are very close. Now I made the rounds this spring. I went up to Wyoming and saw the Casey's. I went down to Glendale in Utah and saw the Ruben Nielsens who are very, very old residents on the river. They had a beautiful place down there and they had hundreds of dollars worth of planting. Of course they were paid for but, it was their life's work. Being paid for it didn't quite cover it all. They had vast orchards and26
 grape arbors and things of that kind. In act, they tell a story on that. She would take people out to show them the grapes and she said, "Don't just stand there, pinch," because if you pinched part of the grape cluster out then the grapes that were left werelarger grapes or nicer grapes, you know.JM: Where did you get the funds for the supplies for theschool?PB: The school over there was managed out of Blanding.Mr. Black was the school superintendent, and I believe that he lived in Blanding and I think he at that time was principal of the high school, but the supplies came from Monticello. They were from San Juan County. The books and things and Mrs--her husband is an attorney over there. What was her name? She was elementary supervisor of the county and she made a few trips down there and would bring us different library books. The children were all great readers. There wasn't very much else for them to do, so the children all read a great deal.JM: You say these children were individuals. Can you comment a little on how they behaved in school? Were they kind of a wild bunch? Were they practical jokers or--?PB: No, we didn't put up with any of that nonsense. We were businesslike in school and no, not to that27
 degree, but no child was ever expected to do more than you know. He was expected to work and they did work. I remember two of the little girls had decided to smoke, and I said, "Now there are just some things we can't go along with in school." In school they called me Mrs. Baker, off from school I was Pearl because their parents called me that. But I said, "The school board insists that I be called Mrs. Baker in school and so that's the way we'll do it and then off school I'm Pearl. Okay, fine." I said, "We just kind of have to carry this on like a school business. Maybe I don't agree with all of it; maybe you don't agree with all of it, but that's the way we have to do it because we have to have some kind of order. They put me down here to keep order to the best of my ability and I'm going to do it." But anyway, Suzy and Cookie decided they were going to smoke and I said, "Now girls, you can't smoke." They were in the second grade. I said, "Now you girls know you can't smoke now. If I catch any smoke on your breath anymore I'm going to paddle you. Now I've had it clear up to here with your smoking." Well, Suzy came in and she was smoking, so I spanked her. There were two students down there who were graduated from the eighth grade, but there wasn't nothing for young people to do. So they went through the eighth grade28
 again. There was no reason why they wouldn't. Th girl particularly after we got the typewriter I think she found it very profitable because she learned totype. I remember there was one family that they forced into school. These people had lived out in mining camps forever. I don't even remember their names anymore, and they had a bunch of kids that were sort of just growing up like the chipmunks and the little baby cows you know, so the school officials got gung-ho about getting this family in school. So they put them in school down there. Made them bring them down there everyday to school. They went to school two full weeks and then they just didn't come back anymore. So the school officials came down and they said, "We're going to put those kids back in school." I said, "Now I think the kids should be in school too, but I want to tell you one thing. Go ahead and force them down to school but force themback in school after they've had a bath." I said, "Our eyes water and we can't see with that bunch ofkids in here and we can't take it." (laughing)JM: Did I ask you the question where the funds came from? PB: Yes, from the county, but the record player and thetypewriter and other things 1ike that, we'd have dances or sell, I think we sold magazine subscriptions and things like that. Those things came29
 from our own efforts.JM: Can you comment a little bit on the wages that themill--did the company pay well at the mill?PB: At that time and for that place yes. The company paid very well and a lot of people went in there who were in debt and who got themselves out of debt because it cost so little to live there. Quite--oh, nearly everyone 1ived in tents. When I moved across the river when June and Edith decided to move across theriver I said, "Well, I'll get myself a tent then." So I bought a tent from Art Chaplin, and just before I went down there I had rebuilt my house here in town so I was better than a green hand with carpentry tools. I was putting this frame together in theafternoon and was going to stretch the tent over it. My nephew came along and was going to help me stretch the tent and he says, "Pearl, how do you know it will fit?" And I said, "Just help me get it up over there. It will fit." And sure enough it did. Much to his amazement it fit. Well, it was just an 8 X 10, and I lived in it that winter until the school was closed and then I sold it and left. The next year when I went down Myron Foree had built several houses there and he rented them. My house was just a one room house, but it was nice. It was sheetrock and it was quite a nice room and I was very happy there. There30
 were several houses that were more than one room I bought two of the houses when people pulled out of there, you know and sold them to---?--- but he did them for running the river while he worked on the Glen. Then Woody came in there. Now Woody came in and worked at the mill. It seems like his wife cooked for a while there, and then I believe he left for a few years. Then he came back and set up a store up Parley's Canyon, but he was kind of in competition with the store there and Myron quite resented him. They got in kind of each other's hair. Then one ofthem, and I can't remember which one of them it was, needed some gas for his refrigerator to cool his beer, and went down and asked the other to borrow some--or borrow a tank a gas, and he said no. Oh, it was Woody that needed the gas. He wanted to borrow a tank of gas from Myron until he could get out and get some and Myron said, "No, you've set yourself up in opposition up there, you run your business and I'll run mine." So after that Woody was very much against Myron, but Myron had the post office and this paid two hundred dollars a month, so the year I was there I took care of the post office because Myron couldn't get rid of it. Then Woody got the post office and he stayed there for several years and Woody was a real character. We all dearly loved Woody. We don't31
  believe him for a minute and we don't have to. We just listen to him and love him.JM: Would you say the men at the mill, were they happy with their work?PB: Yes, and they were interested in their work. They liked their work. Now for a while they had a small flotation process there that they were taking the copper out of the ore, but most of the copper is still in the tailings dump there. It is of course forever covered, but yes, they were interested in the mill. I didn't have much to do around the mill. I was over there a few times, but it was always classified and no one was allowed to go into the mill. However, one time Mr. Black came down and they took him around and showed him the things they could, the vats of treating and things like that. Our main problem was just in the sheer mechanics of living. One of thewells that was drilled was the Sandpoint, you know, that went down into probably the sand and gravel from Parleys. That's what we decided. Now that water was good, but some of the water wasn't very good, and of course we had no electricity. The mill could have put in electricity and finally they did, but for a longtime there we had just gasoline and kerosene lamps. Of course we never had any communication, any telephone or any communication anywhere and nobody32
 did until they had the electricity, had modern homes but Myron and Eloise had a modern home and I had running water in one of the houses that I lived in, so it wasn't too bad, but in the beginning we allwent over to the pump at the store to get our water. We carried our water from the pump at the store and in summertime some of them lived quite a little distance from there. Then they started getting other wells in. Living conditions were rather crude. We did have one advantage. We had butane and Mel would sell butane. Of course it was sold only to the employees of the mill, but the fellow saw that I had butane too, so we didn't have to rustle wood. Down there when you had only willow trees--there were no cottonwoods on the bottom there you know, just willows and tamarack, and there rustling wood would have been a problem unless you had a pickup you could have gone up into the juniper and pifion county togather.JM: Could I get you to comment on if you have knowledge--was it safe at the mill; were the working conditionssafe there?PB: Well, they didn't hurt anybody, so I am assuming thatthe working conditions were pretty good. It seemed to be rather dirty. Their clothing would be, you know, would have the yellow cake on, or they would be34
 PEARLBAKER # 1rather dirty. One time the mill foreman took me up to the Happy Jack Mine just as a little trip you know, and on the way up he commented rather slyly that he didn't know about this mill or this mining uranium. They didn't know enough about it and he wondered if a man should do it. They said that the mill sterilized men and he didn't know whether it was a good idea to work there or not. I looked at him in amazement. Not only was his wife, but five of the wives of the small community we had there were just as pregnant as they could be and I said, "Well, if that's the case Chink, you have the wrong man working at the mill. There'ssomebody circulating around out there that you'd better haul in and give a job to." There were a few people there who didn't work in the mill you know who went down there for their very highly extolled winter weather which I didn't think was. I came nearerfreezing to death down there than I ever did in my life.Could I get you to comment on the effects of the boom on the economy?JM:PB: How far around-economy?JM: You talked a little bit about the regular roughliving conditions. Now what did the boom mean--did this bring in roads or--35
 BAKER # 1Oh, you mean after the boom hit down there. Yes, after the boom hit down there.PEARLPB:JM:PB: Well, that was while I was in there, yes, it broughtin the roads. It didn't bring in any families because the mill closed so soon after the boom hit that country. But economically the boom meant a great deal to San Juan County, so being one of the poorest counties in the state it immediately became the richest. Some of our problems down there would have been solved with a little of the money that could have been carried on from the boom. Now there were people who came in down there during the boom who became a part of the community. There was Dorothy Huddlestone, she married Hack Huddlestone but she came in as in a prospecting party, and she was a fabulous woman from the East. She had a wonderful education, but she had just had it in the city and she came in there with a young couple. The woman was a Hopi Indian girl and it seems to me like the fellow was part Indian or something. I can't remember anymore, but Dorothy stayed there then and married Hack. Some of the people who came in there were miners and did mine. Now Chat Blake mined at theHappy Jack, but he also staked claims, and I heard Jack tell that when he was around putting up claim36
 PEARLBAKER # 1notices that the mountain sheep would follow him. They just couldn't figure him out and they'd--when he'd put up a can on a monument there they'dsniff all around there and then they'd follow him along, you know. They just couldn't figure out what in the world he was doing, because there were lots of sheep in there at that time and there are more than there were twenty years ago. They see more sheep on the river than they did then. So economically yes, it meant a great deal to that country.JM: I wonder if I could of sort of change the subject a little bit and get--you talked a little bit about Hanksville, a little bit about the history of Hanksville, about how the mail was delivered and who delivered the mail and whether or not they had any law enforcement, whether they needed law enforcement in Hanksville.PB: I can't remember about law enforcement. I can't remember that they ever had a deputy sheriff down there until just a few years ago, but when I was a little girl--see, my sister was born in Hanksville.When I was a little girl we lived in Hanksville several years. At that time the mail went from Green River over on horseback, and I can remember one Christmas we didn't get all of our gifts. My father37
   PEARL BAKER # 1brought in the little stove and said that he had met Santa Claus up the lane and I thought it was quite wonderful of Santa Claus to make a special trip for me at that time in Hanksville--when I was small. Now that would be in--oh, from 1910 to 1915 along in there, my sister was born in 1910. The only music we had was Ecker's phonograph, old Edison, not a disk, but a cylinder phonograph. We used to go up toEcker's and people would gather in around Ecker's and listen to the phonograph. I can remember walking up to the field with my father carrying me when I was only three or four years old and going up there to listen to all these phonographs. Then eventually we got a phonograph and when records, new records came in on the mail Mrs. MacDougal would tell people and then we would have people coming to our house to hear the new records.JM: Comment a little on how much of a trip it was to go from Hanskville.[END OF S I D E ONE OF T A P E ]38
 [ T H I S I S THE CONTINUA TION O F AN INTER VIEW WITH PEARL BAKER, CONDUCTED ON JULY 9, 1971 BY JOHN MCFARLANE IN GREEN RIVER, UTAH FOR THE UT AH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.JJM: --the road to Green River up here.PB: Well, of course they went with wagons you know, andit took several days. I remember my mother came over with her brother one time. I can remember that trip,just little things about it, you know. We went back and how wonderful I thought it was to travel in a group. Of course at night we all camped together. It was fun to have the other kids to play with the next day and I can remember that. This winter a girl by the name of--not a girl, she's my age--of Mildred Noye came down to Salt Lake and she called my mother and I answered the phone. Of course she was glad I was there, and she came over and we reminisced. She told me something that I had long suspected that I hadn't ever had any reason to pin down. Hanksville itself was started during the time of the Manifesto, but Hanks had more than one wife. He took one wife down there and four of his married daughters, and that was what began Hanksville. His wife was later married to a fellow by the name of Burnell, I think, after Hanks died, but in the beginning he had taken her in there as a refugee on account of the Manifesto. Then Mrs. MacDougal, Mrs. Sylvester, and I39
 PEARL BAKER #1can't remember who the other two women were, who the other two daughters were that went in there-- the MacDougals were her grandparents--they went in there and settled on this little ponding area you know, and built the dam which Jess is still workingon as you are well aware. I don't think they ever solved the problem of the dam. I can remember my father was working on it too, but that is why Hanksville was originally settled. At that time Kingsville was quite a settlement, and now where Mrs. Robinson tells me, up in that draw she'll say therewas a beautiful home--a two story house, big trees around it, and there's nothing there now. It's completely, completely gone, but at that time in the 1880s and the 1890s Kayesville was a booming place and Hanksville of course was just kind of a little offshoot of that. But the Henry Mountains of course in the early days, in the days of the boom mine were a mining area. And [they] boomed at one time, [they] had considerable activity over there. Of course thatrang through Hanksville, and of course the--oh, what do they call it down on the river?--was taken from Green River, was hauled, was Usiris--I didn't know that until just the other day, the Usiris Bridge. From what, Usiris is from where? They still put out40
 PEARL BAKER # 1dredging machinery and it was hauled from Green River over there. Mrs. Robinsons' father, Charlie Gibbons had the contract of hauling that down where it wasleft, where it's covered by the water of the lake.JM: Now can we get a little bit, bring out things maybe up to a little bit more in the later years of yourlife. When did you start to write?PB: Oh, I've always written. This winter my mother said,"I'm surprised she wrote a book." I said, "No, Momma, you ' re not either surprised I wrote a book. You ' re surprised I sold a book, and so am I." I've always written. I used to correspond for the newspapers here and I did that in kind of a funny way. George Franze bought a little bunch of cows out here with the Chaplins, according to the paper, because his neighbors were the correspondents. George Rams was the coming cattleman of the country, and I said that Johnny Come Lately, "How come?" so the neighbors got so they didn't want to correspond anymore. I said, "Well, it's just time we got a little bit of this cowboy notoriety." So I wrote down to Bish Taylor and asked, "Could I correspond for the paper?" [They were] delighted to have me, and I want you to knowGeorge Ram suffered a terrible eclipse. (laughing) I shot him out of the saddle but good. (laughing) So I41
 PEARLBAKER # 1corresponded for the paper. I've always wanted to write. I guess if you want to write just nothing else does it, nothing else does it. Now they'll say you are working on another book. Well, when am I not working on another book? I don't get them all printed, but then who did, who does? It's like any other craft. You learn it as you go along. You learnit as you do it and the things that I read that I have written several years ago almost break my heart because they lack polish. However, we have a little thing about that too. Doc Marston wrote to Barbara and said, "If Pearl would just polish her materials she would go far." I said, "Oh, that old son of a bitch," I said. "Just because my stuff reads like it came off the end of my pencil is necessarily true," I said. "That's what I sit up nights for; that's why all this hair is torn out. That's why I do all thissweating is to get it to sound like that, and if it sounds like that to Doc I guess I'm getting my idea across, but don't ever think it isn't polished because it 's polished to my degree of roughness. " I believe that your style should reflect your material as much as anything. Just as any, it's an artistic medium, just as oil or watercolors or anything else are. We are all aware that we have a different42
 PEARLBAKER # 1technique with barn paint than you do with finewater colors. I try to make my material reflect myself to a degree.Reed Bailey worked at the Happy Jack Mine and he was an old cowpuncher. For Reed to have worn anything but Levis was simply beyond. He wouldn't have even thought of wearing anything besides Levis. At thattime they had a little ore car that they brought out of the mine, and to dump it they jerked loose the bottom of it and jerked loose the clamps on the bottom of it and then took hold of the bottom of it and pulled it out. They had to reach for quite a little ways to get hold of these clamps, and then when they slammed it down of course it clamped back in. So Reed came out and he reached down and he lifted on this bottom and lifted on the clamp and it unclasped the bottom and then he lift quite hard on the bottom and his fingers slipped off from it and he was down there so close that it caught a crease in his trouser right across the front, right where the trousers crease you know when you stoop over. Then the clamp chugged him and he couldn't reach to turnhimself loose. He couldn't reach the clamp to turn himself loose. There he was trapped. He couldn't get out and there wasn't anybody around to turn him43
  PEARLJM:BAKER # 1loose. It looked for a while like the man was just going to have to leave his pants and walk off, but somebody came along and released him.Can you remember any more stories about the mining of some of the miners, maybe some of the ways that a discovery was made of a mine or some story like this?PB: Not offhand, I can't remember. I remember that one of the old copper mines that they worked and they hauled ore out of was the old Dolly Varden Mine, Dolly Varden, she was a singer in the early, early days, and you can see Copper Point from Hite. There were things that I noticed from down there that have puzzled me. Trachyte [Creek] ran down through the bar at Hite you know, and on the hills below Trachyte all of the sego lilies were yellow. On the hills above Trachyte all of the sego lilies were white. I never saw white sego lilies below Trachyte and I never saw a yellow one above, now why? How could you tell? One time in the store--Myron ran the trading and the post office too, you know and somebody askedme what my maiden name was. I said it was Bittlecomb and Myron says, "I've got a letter for you in there." I said, "You have?" and he said, "Yes, it came to a Bittlecomb, and I didn't know any Bittlecombs." He said, "I've just been hanging onto it thinking maybe44
 PEARLBAKER # 1someone would stagger in here, you know." So he brought it out, and I had written to the cattle people who worked together, around the Moqui Fort where a great number of inscriptions of names (are) in the rocks. I had written to Al Scorpe and asked him if he could tell me anything about these people. I had given him the names, and so he wrote back and gave me a little bit about some of the people whose names I had sent him. He had known me all my life as Pearl Bittlecomb. When he got ready to write to me he probably couldn't find my letter or he didn't pay any attention to it, and he just wrote it back as Pearl Bittlecomb. So when somebody asked me and Myron found out who I was, I got my letter. I still have it. It's a very treasured possession because at that time Alwas well along in years and I appreciated his effort. JM: Do you remember a gentleman by the name of HowardBalsely?PB: Yes. I've known Howard all my life.JM: Could I get you to kind of comment on this gentleman? I've had several comments from different people and I'd just like to compare what you'd have to sayagainst [them], about Mr. Balsely.PB: I don't know Howard that well. I just don't know him.As I--my impression, you know, my estimation of him 45
  PEARL BAKER #1is he has been a very honest, very forceful man in the mining situation on the western slopes of the Rockies for a great long time and has probably furthered the uranium business more than any single man in the country. That's just the way I feel about him.One of the people that meant a great deal to me while I was in that country was Craig. His name was Craig Carpenter. He wore his hair in a bunch on the back like the Navajos did or the Hopis and he wore one earring, one turquoise earring. He was awful ragged and he went often without a shirt and he was one of the handsomest men I have ever known. He burned to an Indian blackness. Of course he was part Indian and he was very proud of his physique as he had every reason to be, but the native people there, not understanding him, not realizing that he was a man of exceptional intellect and exceptional value-- called him "nature boy" and they more or less laughed at him. I never laughed at Craig. I didn't always agree with him, but I liked him and I finally became acquainted with Craig. He lived down with Arth or quite a bit down on the ranch after Arth moved up at the thing. He did a lot of work for Arth although hewould not let Arth pay him a regular wage and hold 46
 PEARLBAKER # 1out Social Security because he didn't believe in it. His parents were from Minnesota or Michigan and they were both teachers, college teachers, and as he grew up he was completely outside of the social structure and he just plain took to the woods when he was very young. Then he studied mystic and psychic things and he came west when he was a young man, in his earlytwenties, and he spent quite a bit of time with the Hopi Indians. Then he went to California and he was in some kind of a cult down there and he married a woman who was a great deal older than he. Now she came up here and she spent some time up in this area with him. In fact, I have heard Art Green say that he felt awfully sorry for her because there was no future with Craig, actually no future with Craig and she was so devoted to him. So one year, the year that I ran the trading post and the post office, Georgie White came by and said, "Why don't you come down theriver with me?" He was the boatman on that trip. Although I had talked to Craig before and had known him I really hadn't gotten acquainted with him until that trip on the boat. He was perfectly, perfectly terrific. His mystic powers and his mental powers were way above the average. I admired him very muchand there were a number of young people on the trip 47
  PEARL BAKER # 1whose parents came to me and said, "Do you know this man? Is it all right for the children to follow himlike they do?" In camp Craig didn't have a moment's privacy. In Warm Springs he washed his hair and the kids sat around and watched him wash it with the soaproot you know and everything. They were just enthralled, both the boys and the girls that he-- those, there was about six or eight of them on that trip and Craig didn't draw a breath that those kids weren't right there with him. I said, "I can't believe they could ever learn anything wrong with Craig because his heart is good. He is all right." Then after we came back from the trip and Myron leased the place there--! was just sort of rambling around loose wondering what I was going to do and Craig wanted to go to Colorado. Well, he came back and he was--I was writing a Hopi story which never got off the ground, and he came over to comment on it. I said, "I'11 take you up to Fry Canyon and you can get a ride out." When we got to Fry Canyon, Craig and I had gotten into rather deep philosophical discussions and I was having a ball. I was learning more from Craig than I could have learned from any book I could have read because he had been there, he had read the books. He had been involved in the48
 PEARLBAKER # 1Indians' mysticism to a degree that no white man I ever knew had been. While I was aware of their beliefs and aware that they are very deeply religious people and attuned to nature I had no way of getting any of this information. I was getting it from Craig, so when we got up to Fry Canyon I said, "I'11 take you on out to Monticello because I still want to talk to you" and he said okay. So we went on out to Monticello, and by that time it was getting late in the afternoon. He filled the car with gas and he said, "I wish I had a ride." He said, "Because I look different it's hard for me to get a ride." He was going over to---?--- commune over at Montrose, and I said, "Well, Craig, if you'll drive, I've driven asfar as I can." I had a new car. "It will just deteriorate me just as much as it will me on the road," and I said, "If you' 11 drive I' 11 take you over there," and he said fine. So he got behind that wheel and I never saw a car go over roads so carefully and so fast. He was one of the most superb drivers I ever rode with. I was just amazed at his skill. I went over and spent a week at the commune, which is another story, but Craig then went out to California and he now is involved in an Indian uprising sort of thing that seems to be sort of--49
 PEARLBAKER # 1well, not very well known. I heard from him occasionally, but not often. I had been so sorry that while I had the chance I didn't make a bigger effortto draw him out. I didn't make a bigger effort to be better acquainted with Craig. Because there we had time. The Colorado River is the world of time down there, there we would have had time to have gotten acquainted. Now he had read all of the philosophies. He was a Marxist to a degree and he was a man of tremendous intellectual ability and bent. And I let it go. I'm glad I did have what little contact I did with him. I enjoyed it thoroughly, but those are the kind of oddballs that would land in down there, you see. If we didn't understand them we laughed at them. Like all probability like we did with the old prospector, what was his name? One that swam out with the case of beer under one arm and the ---?--- up under the other. Oh, what is his name? Claude Simons. We didn't understand Claude sometimes. Now Barbara understood Claude and Barbara enjoyed Claude. She respected him. Not everybody did because he was often dirty and he was always drunk and not everybody respected him or admired him. It seems that possibly people have drifted into the country before. Now I was thinking the other day about Walverton, E.T.50
 PEARLBAKER # 1Wolverton. He was a man of tremendous ability. He was a surveyor, and when they have surveyed over landsthat he staked they have found his surveys were right, but he couldn't live in town. There are some people who just can't live in town, so he lived out in the Henry Mountains and developed the Wolverton mine which I'm sure you've read into, right?JM: Yes, I have some of the information on the Wolverton mine.PB: Did Barbara show you--I've made copies of it, a thousand of them, but I've given them all away. In fact a woman, Edith Marsing, wanted a copy of it and I could remember I had sent a copy to a woman in Phoenix. She said, "What do I do with it?" I said, "Hang onto it; I'11 get it one day," so Edith went down there to visit her sister and she went and got that of Wolverton, of Wolverton's material on hismining. Of course he was down under the ledge, you know in--he built the Flint trail and took an oil rig that was originally down on the Colorado River. He hauled it around and took it down the---?--- Trail and it's s till down in Ladder Rock Basin. Wolverton, at the time he was in there--either he was remarkably observant which of course he was, or--now I have flown over that country, but I haven't51
 PEARL BAKER # 1observed this. He says that down where the Happy Canyon and Hatchy Canyon come together you can see ancient indications of an irrigation system that the Indians must have farmed that ditch along there. Now I have flown over it, but I wasn't looking for that. I've been down there, but I wasn't looking for that, but he must have, because he was so observant and because he was an engineer he must have seensomething that made him think that to be true.This young fellow--for some reason or other the name Allred comes to my mind, but I wouldn't bet on that. Now that maybe--I wouldn't bet on that. Allred may not be the name, but because I want to bring in everything that I can and since the name does come tomy mind I will say the name Allred--worked for the Bureau of Mines I suppose or some government agency that was out either mapping claims or looking what would they be doing, but they were around all over the country.JM: Surveying.PB: Surveying and mapping claims and he--JM: This is the story of the Pick Mine as you--PB: Yes, this is the story of the Pick mine. He ran into this, the Pick mine was in a fault you know, like theSan Rafael Reef is. [Ed: not a fault] He ran onto 52
 PEARLBAKER # 1this business and he knew there was a tremendously rich uranium deposit there, so the next thing--but he didn't te ll anybody. Pick had business in the Midwest, in Wisconsin, Minnesota somewhere back there and it burned. It was an electrical appliance business and it burned. Instead of going back into business he came West to prospect and he went rightstraight to that area and filed on that particular piece of land and developed the Pick mine. It is our belief, oldtimers in the country, that he had prior knowledge, and if so, of course this fellow who gave it to him would be in tremendous jeopardy for having given it [to him] but the fellow apparently didn't figure--! don't know that he ever figured, not to my knowledge anymore in it. Now when I ran this little cafe down here Pick used to stop in there all the time. I knew him very well and I don't--it was different with Steen, you know. Steen was an engineer; he knew what he was doing. Pick didn't know what he was doing. But you can't believe that a man would stagger out here with a little bit of insurance money and land on one of the richest deposits in thecountry, would you? Just accidentally?PM: Nice story if it could happen that way, but--[END OF INTERVIEW]53