  EUGENE T AP AHONSO Shiprock, Arizona Tape No. 15An interview by Kathy BielJuly 30, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 1 Staking Claims ¥ ¥ 4 Navajo Workers¥¥ 9 Sheep Reduction Program. 16 Schools 20 Oil and Uranium Royalties 25 Tribal Council.Navajos and Utes. Young Navajos .¥¥ Navajos and Anglos. Own Farm¥¥Army Experience. Land Rights .¥ Accidents in Mines¥¥........... 28 29 ........ 31 . . . . 32 .... 36 3638 39
 THIS INTERVIEW WITH MR. EUGENE TAPAHONSO IS FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE AT FULLERTON, URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. THE INTERVIEW WAS HELD IN THE SUMMER SHADE OF MR. TAPAHONSO'S HOME IN SHIPROCK NEW MEXICO ON JULY 30TH, 1970, AT APPROXIMATELY TWO O'CLOCK IN THE AFTERNOON. MR. TAPAHONSO IS SEVENTY-THREE YEARS OLD. THE INTERVIEWER IS KATHY BIEL.(THIS IS BEING RECORDED FROM A CASSETTE TAPE AND THE PREVIOUS RECORDING COMES THROUGH IN DIFFERENT AREAS.)KB: Would you like to give me your name please?ET: Le me see, I didn't have any---?--- It's kind of a--KB: You want to write it down?ET: Yeah, it's on the end here somewhere. I guess that would be allright. T-A-P-A-H-0-N-S-O, Eugene.KB: I see, Eugene Tapahonso? All right, you want to tell me a littlebit about your early life, Mr. Tapahonso? Where were you born,and your family?ET:á Well, I was born about--let's see, somewhere about twenty-fivemiles southwest from this place just beyond Shiprock. You see those big rocks over there? About eight or nine miles just beyond right straight--right straight the other side of it.KB: T o w a r d Red R o c k ?ET: Uh huh, just north. It's not from this other direction. See, RedRock would be farther toward the west, way over that way. But this would be just--just about behind this big rock just a little over
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2KB: ET:KB: ET:Kn.: ET:that way.I see.About twenty-five--twenty-five some odd miles. That's--that's the flat place there.Do you still have some relatives there?I think most all of my cousins are living there. Most of my--some of my half-brothers and sisters there.Uh, what's the name of the place?Oh, I think the best--the best description would be that little place there. Willow Grove might be the--KB: Willow Grove?ET: In Navajo, yeah, they call it---?--- out of the Yesti River, comingout from the little canyon and going out into the flat land, butit's gone now though. But they call it Red Willows.KB: And your mother and father live there?ET: Yeah, they were living there once, you know. They--KB: What did your father do for a living?ET: Well almost all of the Indians in my--in them days--sixty, seventyodd--over sixty something years ago, you know, all they do is raise sheep, horses, and cattle. And that's all they depend on, and do a little farming on these places where they could farm, you know, on these flat places where it was spread out on the rain on the---?---
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3KB..: ET: KR: ET: KB:ET:What did they raise when they could farm? They raised mostly corn.Mostly corn?Beans, squash, and canteloupe, and melon like that--wheat--Would you like to tell me how you first got into mining, Mr. Tapa- honso?Well, that's not very long ago. It's since thirties--1935, I think. No, about '39 is when I start. In the year of 1921, there wassome prospector came onto the reservation from Four Corners--from about sixteen miles south of Four Corners, on the state line ofNew Mexico. They stake out some uranium and vanadium clains in there was no market for it in them days. That was in 1920--1921, I think it was.Uh huh. Do you recall the names of these men at all?Oh, yeah, I could remember two or three of them. Their names are-- I think some of them are still living, like Water Flow over here,you know, ahout fifteen, twenty miles east of here at Water Flow. And one over at the other side of Hawk Bay. One of the names is Winford Wheeler. I think he's running a store now just outsideof the Hawk Bay. I think he is. And the other one is Dave Miller..Let's see, who was the other one? I forget his name. Anyway, there was three of them, and I see their name on the piece of paper in theKB: ET:
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 4tobacco can, stuck into the cave, you know, where they put thesein open---?--- and stay a long time. Sometime in the---?--- and I found some of it. And their names were what I mentioned a little while ago. There was three of them.KB.: Did you know at the time, why their names were in this tobacco can? Did you know they were staking claims?ET: Well, anyway, it just showed that they already claim it, you know, so that there be nobody that jump on it later on, you know. They had all these marked out, certain places in the mine with sticks and like that. So much acres out there. They claim about and-- but they never did work it though. I remember that. And in 1939, or '40, in that year, they stop the mining. Then another outfit came in, you know, a different party, like the V.C.A. from Durango.That was where the mint is, and their headquarters is in New York. And they came in there, and they did some more prospecting. I was one of the--I went prospecting for them, you know, just to show them where there was some ore, you know.KB; Oh, you were? How did you know what to look for?ET: Oh, because I know where they--where they see these rocks, you know,where they see the streaks on the---?---.KB,: And you knew that was vanadium and uranium?ET: Yeah, uranium. I could tell--could see the color of it. And some
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 5of the claims was already in there, but these people never showup. They never did show up with it. And I think it's past due.So instead of waiting for the other fellows, we just take over,you know. But they never did reclaim it. I guess why was they didn't have any money to start with it, you know. So this American Vanadium Corporation took most of the best part. Some of themwere surface, you know, shows up just on top. And some of them on the side of a cliff, and it's the way that the veins could be located. It's not very hard to find it, to see where the black streaks go over into the side of the canyon. I measure for rock there; some places outcrop. You could see out on top, you know,where there's black dirt, so you go down a little farther, and there'd be some ore down in there.KB.: And this was your job? To help them locate claims?ET: Uh huh. The ores are very--for one thing, the ore is not--it don'tcome from veins like the other ore. It just stays in pockets. In some places it might be just fifteen, twenty feet around, and if you dig--if you take the whole thing, there'd be nothing in it until you get to the other side. A man can dig all the way inthen and couldn't find no more. That's the way it is. Some placesyou might--some places it goes on and on and on. It's a very tricky ore.
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 6KB.:ET:KB:What were the mines' names that you were locating at this early time?Uh, they call---?--- on the east reservation, but each reservation ---?--- a little bit over here ---?--- by the state line, back by ---?--- Mountain. It is right on the state line.Is this near Teec Nos Pos?ET: Well, it's about ten, fifteen miles almost south of it'"7-0n the state line. They called it the East Mining District--the East Monument ---?--- And then there's the West Monument over on the Sweetwater side o--er on the west. There's a mountain right in between there. So there's a West and a East. That's the one district they--they could be over maybe fifteen, twenty small changes here and there,you know. They're not all in one place, it's scattered out.KB.: And how did these men from V.C.A. go about staking claims at thistime? Did they have to go see the Tribal Council this early? ET: Oh, yeah, sure, they have to. They get together, and take someattorney with them, somebody that could make out a paper for them. And then they took the fellow out there, and interpret it. Theygo over to Window Rock, and go before the advisor--the advisory conunittee--their advisory board for it, and Navajo Chairman. Even had to stay there a day or two waiting for them while they all got together. Then you just had to get the permit, then the paper or
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 7KR: ET: KB:: ET:KB.: ET:power or attorney, or whatever you call it, set before them. And then that way, sometimes they refused and sometimes they let them go. So whatever percentage of royalty they were supposed to pay, they make an agreement on. Then when they agree on so much, there'd be a Navajo there. The party leased it from the tribe, and then they subleased it to the white man at Dexel. That's just the way they had been doing it.So first they leased it in a Navajo's name?A Navajo.And then the Navajo was--And then the Navajo subleased it to these big mining companies likethis. So that's the way--otherwise, you might not---?--- The Navajo is a front, you know.I see. Does the Navajo receive a percentage then?Percentage all depend on the ore. The percentage of the ore, how rich it is, you know, all the way from, oh, I'd say about three percent is a very low grade and on to five percent. And then maybe, ten percent on the big royalties, like bonus overten thousand dollars--something like that you know.And this Navajo, in whose name the claim was staked, would receive a percentage besides the Tribal Council receiving royalty?KB.:ET: Yeah, the Tribal Council gets--1 think they get ten percent, if
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 8I'm not--big, big chiefs, I think, get twenty percent. Anyway the Trihal Council, I think, gets ten percent, and the Navajo that'sin it, he gets so much royalty every time the ore is sold--maybe three, four, five percent of it, like that, you know. It all depends on how rich the ore is. If it's a very poor ore, well, he just got less. If it's good high grade stuff, then he gets more. That'sthe way it goes.KB: Well, if you were going a lot of prospecting and staking claims forthe V.C~A., did you ever have any of these claims staked in yourname?ET: Uh, let's see, what did you say--stake in my name? Let's see, Ididn't get it there. What?KB.: Did they ever stake any of the claims in your name?ET: Oh, yeah, sometimes they do, you know. Sometimes they do, yeah.I had two or three different claims there. That's the way it was.I had four or five claims there.KB..: Oh, you did? And you received, then, the percentages?ET: Percentage, yeah. A ll--all of it.KB.: Did it usually amount to a great deal of money?ET: Oh, sometimes. It varies. It's not always the same. But theway we--the way they agree on it, just so it holds the mine there until the big company gets ready to move in. I was getting just
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 9fifty dollars of royalty in advance, you know, in advance. That's the way I had one, yes, just to hold the mine there. And then after that year, then when they start, I just have to--then they startmining. They put in a lot of heavy equipment and then bulldozers and move under the ground. Put in tracks, and lot of things like that. Pull up the ore by mule.KB: By mule?ET: By mules. And that's what we did. And then they had these platformsbuilt on the outside, and he just shoots down there and the truckgoes under, you know, a bend---?--- So we doing these other---?--- just the tailings and stuff, we just threw it out the side. Thegood stuff they just pour in the truck. The truck hauls ore some-where along about maybe fifteen, twenty tons, you know, one of thesebig semi.KB: Did the Tribal Council put any other restrictions on these companies?Did they tell them they had to hire so many Navajo, or tell themwhat to pay them?ET: Oh, yeah, when the company first comes in, they always make anagreement with Tribal Council that the Navajos would be hired the first--the first choice anyway. And there would be some Navajo foremen, or sub-foremen, or timekeeper, interpreter. That's theway--of course, that was my job most of the time, all of the way
 TAPAHONSO PAGE 10KB: ET:KB: ET:through.The interpreter?Interpreter, and shifter, and timekeeper, look after the men, hiring men.You were a foreman then also?Yes. But only--the only thing, I didn't fire anyb.ody, you know that ---?--- Some of them were unreliable, you know, like drinking and sleeping. You just can't--it's too dangerous in there. So I justmake them go home, you know. Some of them just like to--otherwise, we give them another chance to work therR, you know. Sometimes we just make them work outside where it's not--where the rocks won't fall on them. We have these machine muckers go inside you know,it's narrow and dark in there. It's kind of risky and that guywith the--anyway, if they're drinking, they're not allowed in there, you know. The Tribal Council won't allow it, so the company--KR: So if he was drinking, he had to stay out on top?ET: He had to stay up there--either there, or just laid off one way oranother--some of them, but not very many though. They---?--- just-- but most of the Navajo are hired in there. American---?--- that they stay in there, and enjoy every privilege working for them.KR: Weren't most of them making a great deal more money when the mines opened and th.ey started working in the mines, than they had ever
 TAPAHONSO PAGE 11made b.efore?ET: Oh yes, some of them, yeah, most of them are. See, some of them,instead of leasing from the tribe--I mean sub-leasing to the Navajo, they're working independent, you know. I work independent, and I didn't lease my mines to the white man. I just rented equipment from the mining company, and that way, I worked for myself.KB.: Oh, you worked your own claims?ET: Yeah, that's the way I did it. And sent in my report three timesa year to send a take to the revenue office. They'd take so much percentage on the worker, and I had to keep track of this insur- ance and all that, you know. Otherwise, the company foreman is a steady in those days, working under the company.KR: What were the names of your claims?ET: Oh., I handled four or five claims at different times in differentyears. The first one was the Water Duncan Mining Company from Oklahoma City. They were oil people there. They worked it there for four or five years, and then another party came in after Duncan pull out, quit. The Texas Mining Company.KB.: Oh, yes.ET: Austin--came in and moved and came in again. They were there fora while. They had and Indian trader work as a foreman there for a while. And then in the next one from Farmington, they worked for a while there. Spefford--Delmar Spefford and his son, they did
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 1 2work for awhile, about a year, and then they pull out again. And then another company from Dove Creek, Colorado. I think the name was Akerson, his partner. They work here about a year and a half.And that was the last of it, the four of these are the main ones. So they probably carried on for quite a while, for fifteen some odd years, I guess, continuous.KB: So then you worked your own claims and rented your own equipment? ET: Yeah, that was just about--in fact, for about two years I workedout there along, me and my family. And me and my nephew work there together. But then the ore pinched out so we just have to quit, you know, we can't do anything.KB.: And then would you go b.ack and--?ET: Go back and work for the company again?KB.: What kind of j ob.s have you held in the mines besides timekeeperand interpreter? Have you actually gone down and worked in themines as an ore hauler, or the buggies, or any of the equipment? ET: No, all I do is just oversee them, you know. Just go in a mineand oversee what they doing. On top and outside I just keeptrack of the working hours.KB..: And you say that you usually didn't have any problems with theworkers?ET: Uh huh. Very often, though, what most of them--most of the time,
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 1 3we didn't have any difficulties, nothing there.KB.: Were there ever any White people working in the mines along withthe Navajo?ET: Oh, yeah, sometimes when a machine that is kind of hard to operate,á.you know, just to show them how it works, and then they fix it andthen go back.KB.: Did they usually get along all right?ET: They get along fine, yeah. They just--they didn't have any hardfeelings against them about nothing there you know.KB.: Did you ship your ore to the Navajo mill here in Shiprock?ET: Did for a while, b.ut on account of the ore being not very--it wastoo low; they don't take so much interest in it. Instead, we just ship it over to Grand Junction, Colorado, way over there. That'swhere they process ore--there's more paying for that, but with less of it.KB..: They paid more over in Grand Junction?ET: Uh huh. They did.KB.: Wasn't this mill down here a V.C.A. mill, though? ET: Yeah, V.C.A. did run it for a while, uh huh.KB.: Is that when you did ship it to the Navajo Mill?ET: Yeah, that's when--yeah, that's when I was shipping it to them. KB.: Did the Navajo mill down here employ mostly Navajo workers?
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 1 4ET: Oh mostly, yeah, workers inside. I don't know what they call it. Anywya, it's kind of hard to describe the inside of the mill, there, you know. They're mostly working--mostly they use acids to dissolve the ore, and some of them working there who acted what---?---Most of there are, or others are more lavish(?) about machinery, most of the White we use are workers in there. But others work outside. The truckers and truck drivers most of the time are Navajo.KB-: Didn't the Tribal Council tell the mill and also the V.C.A. officials to pay their men a minimum wage? In other words, not to pay them over a certain amount? They didn't want them to get too high ofa pay b.ecause everyone else around Shiprock wasn't making thatmuch money, and it would upset the economy?ET: I'm not very familiar with Indian(?) myth. See, I never took--:Much of this is restricted area. They had a fence around it and. guards. But most of them, I think they went by the hours as lab.orers.KB.: By the hour, not b.y contract?ET: By the hours, uh huh. That's the way I understand it.KB: Did the men prefer working by the hour or would they prefer workingby contract?ET: I think they rather do it by the hours. They--in fact, I think
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 1 5that's the way they done most of it.KB.: Why do you think they prefer that?ET: I don't know. I think they may have contracted in some places, buti just couldn't tell you on that line because I never was a laborerdown in the mill that much.KB: In your experiences as a foreman, were the Navajos anxious to learnand to move on to better jobs in the mine?ET: Yeah, they always do. They were very willing to do a lot of, youknow, they do it for the money. They're willing to learn anything. They're not--they don't try to get away from anything out there. They just get on with all the---?---, I know that. I supposethat the interest isn't all money, you know.KB..: What would they usually want to use their money for then?ET: Oh, there's a lot of things, mostly for homes, mostly for homesfor the family. Things like that.KB: Would they buy trailers or would they buy regular homes?ET: Well, most of them, they use their trucks, cars. ---?--- ---?---because it's quite a ways to town, you know, getting whatever they want. They want to get things here and need transportation. Sometimes they haul the sheep to the trading post.KB: Would they keep their sheep even though they were mining?ET: Oh, yeah. They'd keep their sheep. The mining company had nothing
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 1 6to do with the sheep, you know, the government was the only onethat took all the sheep away from the Indian.KR: Do you remember that, the sheep reduction?ET: Oh, yeah. I work on that. I was out there. That was in 1934,and I was working on over in Keyenta, Arizona then. KB.: In the mines?ET: No, I was just there working as an extension for the government on the reservation.KB.: Oh, were you involved in the Sheep Reduction Program? Were you working for the Tribal Council or the government?ET: I was just working for the government then, but I never did have any trouble, though, I never did have any.KB: You didn't?ET: No, the only--see, the government--the Navajos were told when theysold their sheep that they would get so much payment in the years afterwards, just like social security, but that never did material- ize. That never did come.KB.: They wouldn't pay for them then?ET: They never did pay for them. They would for a while. That was inCC times, you know, and it just is about the same as CC, you know. They set up so many programs on the reservation for emergency jobs. Building the reservoir and all these soil conservation programs and
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 1 7they promised some Navajos that if they'd sell their sheep, they ' dget so much money later on, but that thing never did come.KB.: They never paid them.ET: And that's why the Navajos were sore about it because they sold alot of their sheep at a dollar a head, I remember.KB.: A dollar a head?ET: A dollar a head.KB.: Did they want to sell their sheep?ET: No, the government did. He didn't--what do you call that? TheIndian Commissioner who wanted to-- KB.: John Collier?ET: John Collier, yeah.KB: Then the Navajo were against it? They didn't want to sell theirsheep?ET: They--they were willing for a while.KB: For a while?ET: For a while they thought maybe they was doing okay, but--oh, abouta year-.-si.x months to a year after the thing went different, you know, went wrong. And the Navajo was pretty well upset. But one of the most important things was that in that year there was the drought. It was kind of a dry year. There wasn't much feed for
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 1 8for the stock anyhow. But then at the same time, all these Navajo sheep men lost their sheep. Well, they got discouraged, you know. They ceased to depend on the government like they used to. That'swhy some of them fight some of the government officials, like the supervisor. They almost killed a man that one time. They went to the pen for that one, you know.KB.: Oh, they did?ET: Uh huh.KB.: Well, did they understand why they had to get rid of all of theirsheep or many of them? Because of the overgrazing?ET: Some of them~ But most of them, they just willing--they're willingto do what the goverrunent was telling them, you know. I guess they don't understand much of it, but some of them did. But they find out later on that that was all nothing but, you know, just-- I don't know how to describe it. I guess false promises like that, you know.KB.: Uh huh. And so they were disappointed in the government?ET: Disappointed. And the Navajo never did forget the John Collierdays. You heard about them?KR: Yes. Well, how did they feel about the Tribal Council? The TribalCouncil had to go along with the Federal government.ET: Well, anyway, they accused the Tribal Chairman for a while, thenthey accused a certain Navajo Tribal Council memb-er b.ecause he was
 TAPAHONSO PAGE 19in it and all that. He was in debt, you know for a while and some of the--see, they all work on the--they're out now. Like Paul John, he was working on the sheep reduction then, you know.KB.: Did it make the Navajo lose faith or become disappointed in the Tribal Council also?ET: Yeah, they did for awhile. They did for awhile. And after they cool down when the---?--- comes national again, they can forget it, you know. They got a lot of little jobs pen all over, schools set up and here and there, you know., and roads and the trails on the mountain. Just right after the Rossevelt administration came in and things got back to normal. B.efore that, there was hardly any jobs. That was in the Depression days, you know, in '29 and '30.KB.: And so the Navajo had to depend on their sheep for a living?ET: Yeah, they had--we had to depend on the sheep for a living beforethat. I did run the sheep for awhile with my brother, but we both c.lose together.(.SIDE TWO OF TAPE)ET: They don't eat much, but year after year it gets a little worse,and there ain't hardly enough feed up on the mountains. And it's the same thing b.elow the mountains. And it's the same thing below the mountain on this winter range. The sheep get poorer and poorer,
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 0and sometimes I think the government was right about this. I don'tknow much about it.KB.: Did you lose your head of sheep?ET: Oh yeah, I lost a lot of sheep. I remember I lost one hundred andfifty there one spring. It wasn't because of starving like this,it was the worm. These screw worms get into the--it was a different one and I didn't know much about it. If I had known about it, I could have saved them myself. But I found out later on that thatwas the cause of it.KB: How did the Navajo accept the boarding school and the schools setup by the B.I.A.?ET: Oh, .they--they go okay with it for a while. They had been fightingfor better schools, and they was fighting for better teachers every way. That's one thing. It takes a long time to get it working, I remember that. It was a poor school, you know. Most of them couldn't write hardly any, and you might as well say it was bad.KB.: And this was how long ago that you are talking ahout?ET: Let's see that's about thirty years on this way, about forty yearson this way. But just in recent times, about twenty years ago, that's when these schools were built. And then it started to get a whole lot better. And in the John Collier days, the IndianBureau had the ruling that the Navajo children shouldn't be punished,
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 1or quit in anything like that, so that's when it started you know. But they used to--I rememb.er way back sixty years ago when the Shiprock school was just starting over here. I was in school then, you know. The teachers were very strict. The superintendant was pretty strict. And discipline there was pretty strict. Everything was just strict. It's more like a military, you know. They issued out a uniform, and all this. They said that we just had to do it whether we like it or not, you know. That's how it was in school them days.KB.: Did many run away?ET: Uh, there was just two that did try it, but they never--they neverdid succeed, you know. Only one was expelled because he was ornery.I remember one boy run away four or five different times. His father b.ring him back to school every time he got home. Finally, they-- they had to give him twenty-five pound iron ball and chain aroundhis leg, so he-- KR: How old was he?ET: Oh, he must have been eighteen or nineteen. That was the devil. Two times, I remember, he carry that twenty-five pound ball around one side, just like these old pen days.KB.: Gosh.¥ET: That was, abnut, oh, close to about sixty years ago in 1915, '16,'17. I quit school in '16. It's b.etween '13, '14, 1 15. That was
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 2over here at the old Shiprock.KB.: What ab.out the hoarding schools where they sent them away even toa different state? How did they feel about that?ET: Oh, I did try it in my young days. After this school here was changedthe superintendant--the first superintendant was a very good guy. He really helped the Indian. His name was Shelton. It's also the name of the lodge over here. And he's the one that was responsible the first---?--- He stayed for quite a while, for twelve years I guess. Ab.out 1902 to 1916--about fifteen years, I think. Something likethat anyway. But he worked the Indians pretty good. Anyway, he was what I would call pretty strict. He expected the Indian to realize this, you know, try to make himself a better man in every way--teach- ing, you know, like that. So when this superintendent left, well everything just changed to the opposite. Most of these schools did not have any good teachers and all that. Well, it all just wentdown, and some of them went to Sherman Institute in California. Most of them went that way. Some went Lawrence, Kansas. I did try togo to Sherman, b.ut I never did succeed. And I wanted to go to Sante Fe. I never did get it. The new superintendant wasn't--he wasn't really interested in the Indian, you know.KB..: Did you have to have money to go to the boarding schools, or would the Tribal Council send you, and the B.I.A. pay for it?
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 3ET: In them days there wasn't no Tribal Council. That was different then. Just the boarding school officials were the only ones. The Tribal Council, there was no such thing then, you know. That was just recently, you know, sometime in the thirties, in Collier's days.KB.: Well, how did the parents feel about their children being sent to these boarding schools?ET: Well, some of them were willing. My parents were really interested for me to go to school. I remember that. My father wasn't a--hewasn't educated, anything like that. He can't read or write. Buthe spent some years out in Colorado there---?---. He says he doesn't know. You can't teach him to understand English, but he says hewish he had English because he could work different places then. He told me I had--I had better go to school anyway. My mother wants me to stay home and herd the sheep, but for some reason my father says, "No, we'll let him go". Then I decided I had to go, but otherwise, if my mother had told me to stay one, there wouldbe a different story.KB: Uh huh. Your life would be different now, huh?ET: It'd be different. Just like my brother, he's about six years aheadof me, you know, he can't even write his name, but he's still living. He regret it. He says he wish he went to school.
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 4KB.: ET:KB:ET:What kind of work has he been in?Well, he done mostly labor, silver smithing for awhile, and he hadto sheepherd all his life for forty some odd years, you know. That's what he live on, sheep. Still had the sheep yet not. But I soldall mine. They--Weren't the parents afraid that if their children went to these boarding schools, they'd lost their navajo ways?No, some of the--1 think it all depends on the children. They chose their own way. I don't know how it is--how some are, but with me it's different. See, most of the Navajos were willing to have their children go to school. Very few, I remember were against it, like in the year 1907. They were having trouble over the schools, send- ing their children to school when the shelton was opened up the first year of school. That was over here in the Four Corner area. There was an Indian by the name of Die-Lily. He rebelled againstthe agency, against the government, and so they had to send a troop in from Wingate to make him do what they wanted. They took out, I think it was, fifteen Navajos. And right then the children, were compelled to come in. The school wasn't big enough. I remember there was eighty-seven boys. That was the highest. I don't knowmuch about the girls' side--pretty much close to the same. That's what they started with, you know, eighty-seven. And then the foll-
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 5owing year, it was different. Some go off and on, and they transfer some children that were going to school at Fort Lewis, Colorado over here now. That was an old Indian school that started about 1896, or some year. And they transferred over here to Shiprock, and then some were going to school in the mission--up in this mission in Farming- ton. And there was some of them going to school over at Fort Defi- ance at Farmington. They come over here, you know, and they allcome in together. Most of them just come in fr6m the reservation.They just get brought in by their own parents.KB.: And they'd live here?ET: They--they have a school down here, they live here. They liveright at boarding school then. There's a big house--see, the house is gone now, the buildings is gone. There's nothing there, it'sall torn down. And then they needed a new school put up, you know. That's thirty years ago.KB: You've seen a lot of changes in Shiprock then. What do you think about the changes that were brought about by the revenue that the Tribal Council received from the uranium and oil? How did they put this to use?ET: Well, that benefited a lot of Navajos in certain ways, the revenues: oil, gas, uranium, vanadium, and lumber, and things like that. The Navajo didn't try to pay to any individual Indian, like the Utes
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 6do. They'll know if they do it, they'll just squander it in one day. So instead of that, they decided it would be used for the whole comm- unity, for whole pub.lie, like the roads, police, and forestry. They employed rangers, and got clothes for the school kids, and a lot of little things like that--equipment for the farming. In fact, that'swhere all the money went. But most all of these Indian school child- ren, they got their clothes through the---?--- maybe ten years now. They fight hack with them for Apple Creek. These Indians going to school, you know, these government schools.KB: Uh huh.ET: Except the missions. They don't pay any--they don't pay individualNavajos except for what they're working for. That's why they--if you've been working forteen !days each individual has ten days allow- ance working a certain time in the year, you know. I did work like that for a while.KB: Is that ten days every month?ET: Ten days about every one month or two months or so--just once a monththat's all, these ten days---?---. But they put mostly those who really have to work, you know. I've worked, timekeeping when I work the ten days. They still working on that now.KB.: What kind of job.s do they usually send them to?ET: Oh, just generally--just like fixing up the houses on the reservation
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 7because H.I.P. found something like that, you know. Like they'reworking all over now. It's about the same thing.KB: Do you think there will be enough employment on the reservation inthe years to come to give everyone a job so that they won't have toleave the reservation to earn living?ET: I doubt it. There's a lot of Navajos who are not working. Some ofthem--I don't know how many of them are on relief. State's--from the Tribe. Most of the Navajo Indians---?--- like that now. If they too old to work, they is given so much relief payment on their food and stuff. They would able to work if they could find jobs on the reservation. Well, they just have to get on the railroad asfar as--on the railroad track as far north as the Union Pacific inMontana, or Idaho, or the state of Washington or sometimes Califor- nia, but mostly on the northern part of the states. Very few work on the east side except around Roswell like---?--- ---?--- work- ing like that or any other way--they're wretched like that. But some of them, they work on the Colorado Plateau Mining out here in Colorado. They are still working a lot up there. The uraniummining company has that.KB.: What do you think these men will do when the mines are all playedout?ET: I guess they have to look for jobs somewhere, someplace. See, allthe mining on the Navajo reservation, I think it's all closed down.
 TAPAHONSO PAGE 28There's no demand for ore now at the present time and--KB: Men say that there is still ore on the reservation, hut it won'tbe until the prices goes up.ET: Yeah, that's the way I understand it. They still got a lot--theyhave to drill for it, but there's a lot of them that's still left that have it. But they're not working it now.KB: The Navajo don't mind that white companies come in and drill on their land?ET: We've done this a while. There's lots of expenses on these drilling, you know. Sometimes they just don't pay, they just--all they getis a dry hole clear through and they lose money on them. So they didn't try it, you know, like the did once. Sometime they're lucky to get it.KB.: How did the Navajo people generally feel about their Tribal Council? Do they--do they have faith in the Tribal Council and look up to it for guidance? And do they believe they are generally honest people in the Tribal Council?ET: Yeah, they--yeah, a lot of them are. But they're not much different from the White. They just hardly--whenever they get into the good position, what they count--it ---?--- ---?---KB.: Politicians are all the same?ET: Yeah, about the same. Then he quieted down. Before he got elected,he'd holler his head off and say, "I was going to--" this and that. There are two or three of them who did that. And some of us didn't
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 2 9have much faith in some of them. Some of them might b.e drinking. Well, these people out here wouldn't trust them anymore after that happened once, more than once. And sometime he embezzled the money,the Tribal money, and that happened two or three different times. KB.: By the Chairman or the Treasurer?ET: Oh, just those that look after the money, you know. The councilmenhave the money allocated to certain places on the reservation to be worked by the Indians for their improvement, you know. Sometimesthat happened, I know. Like he'd have his friend's name on the payroll, and he never did work. They were finding that out up in the east side of the reservation, up off the reservation. People know that way up north there up in, I think it was animal(?) country. That's over at---?--- Creek. It is in the reservation out there, too, you know. ---?--- and so you speak---?------?--- shepherd country. It's the whole reservation proper. It's the--different, you know.KB: How do the Navajo feel about their Ute neighbors?ET: Well, the Utes and Navajo are--they squabble over the boundary line,the old old reservation lines. They're still fighting yet on accountof the oil and gas discovered on the reservations, both sides.KB: Is this up around Aneth?ET: Around--up around Aneth. And just north of where that high cliff is
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3 0way on in there, in Colorado. And the Ute reservation's on that high plateau way back in there. And the Utes want the reservationto b.e moved this w.ay all the time, so they push the Navajo that liveup in there. And they had that---?--- in there.KB.: Who takes care of the arguments? Do the police, the Navajo policego up there and settle it, or--?ET: Uh, the Tribal Council, they are the ones that--the Tribal Council,they try to make a grievance, but they're still on the--I think it's still on the--what you might call the agenda. I don't knowwhen they're going to get that straightened out. There's a lot of money tied up on account of the oil discovered, you know. Utes claim it's theirs and the Navajo claim this, so this--KB.: You know, when I've talked to miners up around LaSalle in Colorado, and even up in Blanding, and I ask them if they know about the royalties that the Tribal Council is receiving from the uraniummines on the reservation, or have received, and they know nothingabout it.ET: It is because they never inform them. Some of them never read aboutit, never even sense what's happening. They're not informed anyway, and they're not interested in learning. It's too far to Window Rock, you know, it's the truth. The radio doesn't announce it, or anything like that. Most of the Navajo doesn't even know it.
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3 1KB": They're not aware of some of the things that are available to them? ET: What's happening is they're not--they don't know. Some of them do,you know, but just--I always do, I want to see what's going on there. KB: What do you think about the younger Navajos? Some of them are gett-ing quite militant and angry and upset with the White people. Iknow I was speaking to a Mr. Fred Johnson down at the chapter house last week, and he doesn't .have very much good to say about the---?---ET: Well, one thing is that it's what they see of you, I guess, is every- where. They see it on television, what's going on all over the count- ry, and all over the world, these different nationalities. Well, I guess in my own day, they found it out. They'd decide that someof them are that w.ay, some of them. They don't say that about most of them. I'm not really interested in them kind, but one thing I wish they'd do is just learn all they can. Some of them, they just trying to--I don't know how to describe it.KB.: They seem so angry, like this Michael Benson who claims that even the Tribal Council is exploiting the Navajo Indian.ET: Well, yeah, there are some of them like that. Some of them are like that, I know it. These traders, most of them are---?---. I real- ized that in the past. The Bureau of Indian Affairs, just likeyesterday--n-0, two days ago, I was over there at B.I.A. Office, and I was having a little trouble with my alfalfa, and a lot of those
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3 2little---?---. I didn't have nob:ody to go to except in Aztec,way out there. It's run by a White, you know, the extension ofSan Juan County. B.efore that we had some White guys--White men here to look after the farming, seeds, and everything that involved farming. They would advise us, you know, and come around to our places. This is good for this and that. But I went over to the office the other day. And a guy was just sitting there, sittingon the side of the desk, like that,---?--- going up and down here. He didn't even--they didn't even know we're here. I don't know why---?--- it. A fellow don't like that, I know. All they dois go to coffee break, and they don't try to help the Indian who goes down there. He can't talk Navajo. He don't take--it's true.I rememb.er that myself. He doesn't know the road. When I toldhim I want him to look over my alfalfa, there's something wrong with it-disease. He went out there and scoop up a little soilhere and there, and then he went home. I asked him what kind of-- what can be done about that? And he give me some explanation I didn't understand. So there is some of it that is true. Really, that's--they're supposed to help an Indian in every way they can, but they don't. They are afraid to go out. They stay there all day, you know and they go around once in a while, you know, and put in a report. Go and just--that's true. I know. I know that for
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3 3more than the last fifty years.KB.: And yet there are those who genuinely try to help, aren't there? ET: But most of the people don't realize at the mission there, theguy that understands the Indian, some of them have taken over. But they're not in farming but they just like advisors, you know. I know that that's the truth. But some of these government men come in there as superintendents or supervisor, and he come in fromback East, and they're supposed to know the Indian? They always interested in just the paychecks--all they get every day, and they get so much a month and a year, and then they go to another place. That's the way that happens, you know. They just fight with the Navajos, just like that, you know.KB~: They don't stay here very long then?ET: They don't stay here very long, yeah. That and with all that they'vedone, and all this. Of course, we Navajo men you know, we don'twant to be treated like that. KB.: No.ET: You don't want to be pushed around, you know. That's where the bad part of it is, I think. Some of it is pretty true. The same thing with the traders. They been doing that almost a hundred years now.KB: You think they've taken advantage of the Navajos?ET: Yeah., every trader I know. I'11 never forget this one time while
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3 4I was in Gallup. I think that's about close to thirty years ago.I just happen to he in there when one owner of the store at--he was talking ahout the Navajos in certain places on the eastern part of the reservation. I don't know if he wanted to get in there, the country is pretty well inhabited with the Indians, you know.---?--- taking all we can get from the sheep hides. Take down some of this cheap stuff, and go out there. Looks like there's goodmon~y in it. Of course, I understand what they were talking about, hut I just didn't say anything. I didn't say nothing, I justwalked on. Well, I guess that's the way the trader works. That's the truth, too, you know. And there was another time, it was aWhite guy happened to tip me off. I never know his name, but anyway, he was a straight guy. He was honest. And he talked to me aboutthe traders. I did some work for him in archeology for two years. His name was Morris, Earl(_?) Morris. He used to live in Aztecover here just about four, five miles. I worked with him doing archeology work down here in Four Corners, hack up in Red Rock. Every time we use packhorses. I knew him pretty well then. Andhe chose me to go along with him as interpreter so that the Navajoswouldn't say anything, you know. He'd be working under that cave, you know, and digging, and the Navajo just suspicious when anybody in there, and works here and there, you know. So I explaining why
 TAPAHONSO PAGE 35they working with dead. Taking all these specimens out of thesecliff dwellings, you know.KB.: They don't mind? The Navajo don't mine if archeologists come inthere?ET: Yeah, some of them did work there. They just tell them what it'sall about. Old people live there. They researching for that, you know. And .Morris (.?) told me one time, he sure does.n' t like the Navajo traders. He says that every trader, they take advantage of you. They just squeeze every nickel out of you, he told me that one time. And he overheard some traders there one time. I don't liketo express what he say, but he says--he says, "Those Navajos, them Navajos, I would sure hate them. I don't like these dirty---?---, but I like his money!" ---?--- ---?--- But I know what he say was true. That---?--- forget it. So back in the past like that.KB: Are the traders still that way?ET: I don't think in all places they are. I think some of these newones, mayb.e but these old timers that have been on the reservation for years, they understand the English. They help them every way. They're consultants, they're duffers(?), they're advisors, these are post--write letters---?---. They help it every way they can. Some of them are like that, I know, because I talked with them, andI've stayed at their places, I eat in their places---?--- figure somebndy. But some of them are not.{Changed TapeI
 T AP AHONSOPAGE 36KB.: I'd like to know how you got your farm, Mr. Tapahonso? Did you buy it or--?ET: I hought this place here about twenty years ago. It was already fanned by a fellow by the name of Peter Wooding. I went to school with Peter Wooding b.ack in 1918, 1916. He was the first student over here at Shiprock. And he was a good friend of mine. He had this fann given to him by the government, surveyed, and the govern-ment furnish all these cedar posts, fences, and the equipment. In them days they used horses. They didn't--they didn't have any caterpillars or any tractors like that. They just used horses.And he had this all fixed out and gave him so much seed and lethim take over. He married and he run this place until twenty years ago. It was pretty well done. There was an orchard up. On account of this farm up here, it just seeps out here---?--- will destroy anything. B.efore then I was working at the mine there. B.eforethe mine, I work at the sheep. And way back before that, I worka lot of different places, railroad up North. And way at thestart, I was with the United States Army there for a while.KB: Oh, you were?ET: Uh huh.KB.: Was that in World War One?ET: No, that was right after. I tried to get it, but I was a year too
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3 7KB: ET:young, or so. But they got me in, though, in---?--- I didn't want to just do guard duty in the Philippines.Oh, you were in the Philippines.Yeah. I put in two and a half years out there just on guard duty. That was in peace time. I tried to get in there, but it was--the warstopped then. So this farming--that's what we move into from there, otherwise we'd be living way out there sixteen miles--let's see,eighteen miles, seventeen miles from Four Corners on the state line, over against that mountain in over there in Arizona. That mountain over there is Clarissa. That's where we have the---?--- there. And we used to run the sheep there for a while there, where all the mining used to be there, you know. So we move out here. I still have a cahin out there yet. We hadn't--we hadn't settled here yet. So we stayed, go back and forth there.Did you buy the farm with the money you had saved from mining?Yeah~ I did mostly. I thought it was the guy that owns this place. He wanted to sell it, of course. He lost his wife, family, and he quit the police job. He didn't want to work it no more. He wanted-- he told me he wouldn't sell to just anybody, you know. He told me so. I just buy it from him. There were a lot of the old--the oldhorse drawn equipment then, you know, around here, but he give it away .KB: ET:
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3 8KB.: If a man wanted some farm land now on the reservation, could he homestead it, or does he have to buy it?ET: Well, the way the Navajo got their land, they just took what was assigned them, and they have it for long as they keep it up, as long as they keep it in shape, work it. That is the government land, you know, it is the government land that way. They turnedit over to the tribe now. But if they're not working it, or if they just laying---?---, you know, they have to give it to another fellow, but I haven't seen any of them yet like that. One or two,I guess, have happened. And if a Navajo quits working it,---?--- just so much, he just sells the rights and leaves the---?--- and tools here, you know. And so, many of them pack and go another place.KB: So if a man wanted land, he'd have to go to the Tribal Council? ET: Oh, yeah, we have to go to Tribal Council.KB: And they would assign him a plot of land?ET: Assign him a plot of land, uh huh.KB.: And he could keep it as long as he worked it?ET: If it's irrigatable. If it's--if it's nothing but dry land, youknow, it's not advisable. It's--KB: So he wouldn't have to have any money in order to get land?ET: Uh huh, didn't have any money. Some places you have to buy, you
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 3 9KB: ET: KB.: ET: KB:ET:know. They have to let the owner quit, to retire, you know. That's what their rights. are for. Otherwise, you can almost get it free tfit's applied for.Why did you stop mining?It pinches out, you know. There's no market for it, you know.Did you ever mine off the reservation?No, I never did. Mostly on the reservation.Would you want to mine off the reservation if there were good mines out in Utah or Colorado?If it is, yeah. But it's too expensive. There are a lot of things involved in it, you know. Pay so much for insurance and what not. It's kind of hard to do. Otherwise it--each state has different rules for the mining. The mine inspector is pretty hard to workwith. If it is on the Navajo reservation, it's a little different to, you know, get acquainted with people and things like that.W~ll, I understand the Arizona reservation laws are stricter than in almost any other state around the Four Corner area.Uh huh. I think it is.Did you ever have any accidents in the mines?Oh, several times, more than once that happened over here in the coal. There was a man named Chin Tut, and he got a rock fall on him. He was working for Climax Mining Company from Grand Junction.KB;ET: KB: ET:He tripped over and broke his back, and the nerves shot too. He can't
 T AP AHONSO P AGE 4 0KB:ET:KR: ET:KB.: ET:walk, but he--he needs a wheel chair. He's living. Two, three different times it happened. Some of them happen out toward Dog Creek that way, out--Have you heard of the accidents in Monument Number One and Two?[Missing dialog due to defective tape]1 don't think---?---. I'm not very familiar down in that country. I don't---?------?---What ab.out ventilation?Ventilation---?--- in there, but some places, they never buy it.I think one of the most---?--- I'm pretty sure they---?--- whatever you call it.The radon?---?------?---named Charly Joe. He died, I remember. He was only about eight. And then somewhere---?------?---. Before that, we didn't know much about it. ---?--- the water---?---. The Navajo, some of them don't care. They don't care if they themselves do not ---?--- This way you try to make them---?--- if they---?---they could save themselves, like some of these---?---.KB.: Yeah. If there were accidents, wouJ.d the company usually pay for their doctor care off the reservation?ET: Yeah, they ---?--- insurance---?---
 TAPAHONSO PAGE 41KB: ET:KB:ET:KB:ET: KB:ET:Was that---?--- day, or did they have so many days off?They did for a while, and I would think they would be, but soon they just cut them off. It was too much ---?------?---Did you ever see any accidents caused by the shooting of the dyna- mite?No, I never did. ---?--- b.ut we had---?--- but others places ---?--- b.ut mostly---?---.That's the main vein?Main vein. ---?---Were there ever any superstitions in the mine. For instance, when someone was killed or injured, would the men refuse to go backinto the mine?None I know of. ---?--- we don't have any cases like that---?---. Maybe there is somewhere. I heard in the paper one time that---?--- down in---?--- country down in Grant, oh, east of Gallup there. I think a few Navajos---?--- and a few Navajos killed---?--- and somebndy put in the---?--- that---?--- people don't know enough about it---?---KB: You were a favorite of---?--- John Horse? ET: I'm pretty sure that---?---.KB: What was the last mine you worked in?ET: Uh, the---?--- mine---?--- was Clyde and Akerson Mining Companyfrom---?---
 TAPAHONSOPAGE 42KB.: ET: KR: ET: KB.: ET:KB:ET:KB.: ET: KB: ET: KB.: ET:---?--- Creek?---?--- Creek, yeah~Was that Clyde Fritz?Yeah, Clyde Fritz, that's what it was. ---?---Didn't you work for Grant Shumway also?Yeah, that was at the start, in 1939, 1940. He worked there fora while and then he moved hack.And you didn't go with him?No, I didn't go with him. He had the mine back up behind the Clarissa back in Sweetwater there. That's---?--- the reservation. But we worked there for a while, and then he worked---?--- I know he---?---.What kind of jobs did you do for him?'.Well, I interpreted and was just kind of a pusher there.What ab.out your---?--- mine? Did you have the same kind job?No, I was---?------?---.Are you still getting any royalties from any of your leases?No, the m ine---?------?---.KB.: Well, are you keeping up your leases ---?--- to come back again ---?---?ET: ---?---KB: "That's a good sign to know.
 TAPAHONSO PAGE 43ET: ---?---KB: Well, a man that knows as much as you do would surely be out pros-pecting in his spare time. ET: ---?---KB: Uh.huh, you know what the mines pay? Well Mr. Tapahonso, thank you so much for talking to me. It's been so interesting.