 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H . GASTWIETH Cypress, CaliforniaAn Interview By Patricia RayUranium History Project Tape No. 107 September 14, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsHow They Obtained Property. 1 How They Got Involved in the Uranium Industry. 4 Their Family 12 Recreational A ctivities. 15
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW CONDUCTED WITH MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETH, BY PATRICIA RAY ON MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1970. THE INTERVIEW WAS CONDUCTED AT 4782 LARWIN AVE., CYPRESS, CALIFORNIA.PR: You were telling me before we started the tape, your interests, and how you got involved, how you obtained your property. Would you care to reiterate that for us? Yes, I'll be pleased because when I was in real estate in 1954 --[inaudible]--. I stopped my car for a little old man that was dressed in working clothes and he looked real tired and I asked him if he wanted to get a ride and he said "No, I just live over here." And I said, "Well, do you own this home?" and he said "No," and I asked him if he owned anything, any property and he said he had some acreage in Utah. And I said "Well, how much?" And he said, "Oh, Grandddad, had homesteaded a hundred and fifty, and oh, I guess I've got about five hundred and twenty acres left."' Oh brother, I said, "How big is that?" because I was trying to sell a forty lot by sixty, you know and he said, "Well, it's pretty big property. There isn't much there. It's all dry waste-land," and he said, "I haven't been up there in a long time." And he said, "my son doesn't want it, he's in Washington and mydaughter's in Peru, she's in the Peace Corps and she doesn't want it." And I said, "Well, would you sell it?" And he said, "I might." And I said, "How much?" And he thought and said when he had the uranium lease and oil lease he had been offered a hundred and twenty-five anMG:
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHacre and I said, "How much would you take now?" And he said "well, those leases, they're never going to do anything, they never have. They haven't been even prospected. I would take $20 an acre." So I figured I would try it anyway if he wanted to, and I signed him upfor six months contract to try to sell his acreage and I said, "How about the oil and mineral rights?" And he said, "Oh yeah, you can have those too." So I took a friend of mine and we went up to visit and we met his nephew who farms for us and they were real nice, but they were kind of skeptical because this California slicker was trying to steal the land.MG: They were actually a little bit resentful and really a little bit cold because we came up there with another couple who still hadn't seen it and just to look at it and when we stood up on a hill and saw all this land and thought this can be ours.RG: All the beauty and they ski and toboggan from a big hill, it's the biggest hill in the area. So anyway, we came back and we decided, well, let's buy it ourselves. We asked a friend of ours, who is a French-CanadianHawaiian, but he's Mormon and we said we had some land in Utah and he said great, and so we bought it, the three of us bought it together and we paid the man $2,000 down and we have--2
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHMG: He said, "Count me in, "and he hadn't even been there, hadno idea how big it could be, so he said, "Take me out for a ride," so we got in the car and we started somewhere down in Belmont Shore and he said, "Now, starting from here, how far does our property go?"RG: It's a little less than a section, you know, and so we went all over it and he said, "Well, it's almost a mile here and oh, brother, count me in." So we bought it andit was just about two years later and we had no idea that there was any uranium or anything in the area because the old man and the farmers up there never said anything, because to them these things come and go, you know, they don't get excited anymore when the gas or oil people or the mining people come around. So one night we were sitting here and it just happened that the group was here and we get a call from the Grand Junction, Colorado and it's the Union Carbide Co., and they wanted to lease our land for the uranium so we said, "Well, send us the lease and we'11 figure it out." Believe it or not, two days later, another company from Grand Junction called and they were interested, and so we got a lease from them and about two weeks later, some combine in California called us and we had three companies and we dickered back and forth. We had so much fun and finally signed the lease with Union Carbide and since that time they have actually3
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHdrilled about 13,800 ft. of holes in different little parts and they have every hole has shown good sandstone and good prospect, but as we said, we haven't found theore body yet, yet three of the holes show good traces of uranium and vanadium and on each side of us different cornpanies--Hornestake on the one side and American Srnelter on the other are right in our area but actually the eighty acres that we don't own, there are about 30 to 40 holes drilled in that whole area, by another company. So it looks like there's many good traces there, but the way they work and we don't know, they've dropped some leases, and you know, they could drop ours, and of course, if they're good enough they'll hold on to them.MG: They have a shaft on one side of use that will probably run right on to ours.RG: The Snyders, Walter Snyder has actually, oh I would say, as the crow flies, about three and a half miles and he has a shaft, actually mine working, that at times during the year runs 24 hours a day, three shifts, so some months he has good ore, and of course they don't say toomuch, but of course we know the ore is corning out forUnion Carbide.PR: Is that uranium?RG: That's uranium, yea, now this is in Colorado, but it'sright on the border and actually, he's adjacent to the 4
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHDerimo Mine which is one of the old time, you've been over if you had some research on this, it's one of the old mines that's still working, so I guess it's a real interesting area for the companies and they change back and forth, you know.MG: Well, we certainly should add to after we signed these leases, of course, we were extremely excited and everything, and then we found out that all of this legal work had to be done because the farmers before us had sold out shares and given people shares and signed these leases, so if nothing is done with them in ten years time, it's no good. But we still have to find all these people, so we have a lawyer--RG: Well, they've probably had other, what they call "clouds" on the title, and it's Robert Anderson, from Monticello, an attorney, who handled our claim. The "cloud," it's a quiet title action which took two and a half years to acquire title and I've got a copy here and there were actually about 33 different individuals or corporations that had to be contacted to acquire the title. I thinkthat in that whole area many of the farmers and the local gentry, that when they signed leases, they signed them in 19-- ,most of them were signed in 1946 and they were gas and oil or mineral leases and the leases read "This instrument shall terminate if at the end of ten years,5
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHthere is no gas or oil being produced in this, or adjacent land." Now, in 1956 there were no gas-producing wells. There was nothing in the whole area or adjacent area, so you would think that the lease would terminate. It did, and when we bought the land with the oil and mineral rights, legally we did buy a legal oil and mineral right. However, Union Carbide and these othercompanies insisted that these clouds on the title should be removed and the "clouds" were there because all of these individuals had never signed off that they do not have any interest and if they were producing, say, a million dollar mine, any of these companies or individuals could, even if they didn't have any right, they could question it, put a lien on the whole thing and tie everything up. So, it seems to me, if this will do any good and since I was going to write an editorial or something to the papers, not only here but all through the country, that whenever any of these people sign a lease they should have legal advice. That many times an individual, like that happened in 1946, came in and I won't mention his name, but he represented a certain gas company but he was a promoter and they promoted al1 through Texas and New York and all through the country they promoted shares of this one big package and signedup everybody and sold them 1/8, 1/64, 1/32, 1/16 of all 6
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHthese shares and they probably peddled it all over the country and everybody hoped that this would be one big uranium boom or gas and oil boom. Actually at the end of ten years it should have ceased and it did because nothing was being produced, but there was never a record that they didn't have that existing interest. And this Anderson was real kind, and considerate and faithful and worked on it, and as a matter of fact, I helped him. I called people all through California and got names for him and we finally got it. So we have clear title.This is something that the companies will insist on that you have absolute clear title?MG: Most of the leases and the leases are written up they will pay, for instances we got a bonus for signing and we get a, well, all the leases are a dollar an acre per year for rent, but in the, it isn't fine print, it's in the, in the wording that if there any liens, if there's no clear title then the money will be held up until this is cleared up you know. Sometimes, for instance, in the past, the old man I bought the property from had a lease with Union Carbide which is very interesting. They dropped it in 1951. They had the same "cloud" on the title but they paid him the bonus, yet they never didanything.PR: Then you bought it.PR:7
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHMG: When we bought it they insisted on the "cloud" beingremoved, because they knew they were going to begindrilling. Prior to this they hadn't done any drilling. PR: They did have the lease for drilling?RG: Right, they hadn't even done any testing you know before.But what happened in that area, when Derimo, of course, he had a good working mine, then when Snyder's mine came in and they were doing this testing all around, the trend was right towards our land and these other lands. So they had to come in and try to gobble up all the property.MG: It's very interesting. They call our part of the land, the hole in the donut. Because this is all around us--RG: You can see it on the map. Where they're at here, this is the Derimo mine, that's our section. That's the Dermino mine and right here is the Snyder mine, see and over here are some more mines and this is from Moab looking down at the Cliff Rock, so we're right in the middle.PR: Did the gentleman you bought the land from, was he a prospector?RG: Valent? No, he was strictly a farmer. He was just a hard- working farmer and, as I told you, he also worked, he worked for the county road department while he was farming and it was real hard in those days. They had to, they had such terrible bad crops, that he finally had to leave it. And the land actually was run down when we8
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHbought it, although his nephew did still farm for him. There were no improvements made.His wife, her family was in the mining business. In fact,MG:RG:either her father, or her brother, or someone died. Yeah, one of them died in a mine and they've all, all these farmers, including H.W. Raycoff, who farms for us, worked in the mines. They all worked in the mines. They worked their farms, you know and they worked for the road department and it's been a pretty rough life for these people.But actually, as an individual, it would be impossible. We've thought about it, debated whether we should try to do something on our own rather than go in with the big companies, but you couldn't even begin, I mean you would have to have tremendous capital to start with, to do it on your own now and now they've got, they've progressed so wonderfully in the mining business.You'd have to hire all your individuals as experts--Oh yeah, your geologist and even the machinery.They keep their geologist there all the time. That constantly watches over that land and anything that's happening or anything, he's right there.Well, if they did find a large deposit of uranium, would they develop it now for you?Well, we don't know. It depends on the needs. They don'tMG:PR: RG: MG:PR:RG:9
 MR.AND MRS. MARTIN H . GASTWIETHhave to. You see with those leases they have the right to go in and drill, prospect, mine, mill, build roads, build plants, build electrical outlets and everything else,they don't have to.They guarantee that they'll pay you a certain percent of whatever they find.MG:RG: They pay a royalty. They pay a royalty on all the ore that's produced, you know.MG: Should there be a shortage or a demand you know from the government or even private individuals who want to do something with electronics, there would be, who would need that uranium, then if there's a demand for it, then they will have to do something about it. But actually, there's no way of really storing and so, of course, they leave it.RG: Of course, it's all so, as you probably know, and this will come out in your surveys, this is all so secretive and hush, you know. The drillers and the miners and all these people are under oath not to divulge any secrets, and especially when they were first contacting the owners for leasing. It just seems to me that the uranium and the atomic power is so important to the government that the AEC should insist that of course they know, they get theword where it is, but I think they should have a bigger control over all of it. And if it's right here, and this10
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHcompany is developing it and the other companies not sure but they have the lease, then they should be told its here, go get it, but--Well, now they don't need it that desperately, I'm sure. Well, they don't want for probably for the government, orPR:RG:MG:PR: RG:MG:RG:for whatever they use it for, but I understand the foreign markets are now getting into our uranium. For what I understand the Rio Algum Company, Rio Pinto, that's north of us in the La Sal area, they have contacts with some of the foreign powers for quite a bit of it. I may be wrong, that's what we hear, you know. Somebody will hear it on the tape and will decide whether they really have it or not. Of course, there are many dangers in it you know. It has to be controlled but like we said, we never expected anything out of this but to have a nice little place we could go for vacations and our vacations have been fantastic.The fishing is so good. We've gone hunting and there are deer on our land.W onderful.But they have been so wonderful, all the people in the whole area have been fantastic.All their letters and everything, we're family; referred to as their family.I was out early one morning when Richard and Jeanie were11
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H . GASTWIETHwaiting for the school bus you know and I was standing there right with them and all the kids looked so cute andI guess they had some pioneer days and the kids were dressed up in the old pioneer costume and I thought they were dressed that way every day. So they looked at me, Richard and Jeanie got on and I said, "How about me?" and well, I don't know about that you know and sorry, and so the kids said, "'Who's that?" and Richard said "Oh, he'sfamily." Well what do you mean? He's just family. So we've been family. All the families came here for a week last year and we put them up and promoted Disneyland tickets and baseball tickets and took them to the beach for the first time. Their first ocean trip and those kids, you'd think they came from Hawaii. They were in there and you couldn't get them out and it was ice cold. Down to 78 and they just loved it and you couldn't get them out and to top it off, lo and behold Richard come out holding this wet dollar bill he dived for in the water and he said, "Man, I'm coming back next year." But of course, we were fortunate, Mr. Anderson, who helped us with our lease--we had a separate gas and oil lease. We have a lease with Mountain Fuel Pipe Co. of Utah and they are supposed to come in and do some prospecting, and just below Dove Creek, we read in the Dove Creek paper that a real good natural gas well had come in, so now we're12
 MR.MG: RG:AND MRS. MARTIN H . GASTWIETHgoing to get the gas and oil sewed up.We're going to have a monopoly. We have a lot of fun. We also have a separate potash right but these things are separate and some of the leases just read mineral leaseand that includes everything. I think we're real fortunate. We have it seeded and changed and that's a couple of hundred acres of chained and seeded and we lease it out a couple of months for grazing and we dredged out the whole pond. And I talked to, the fellow we call H.R. Rycoff, and he said, "Well, you got water in the pond and water it's a real serious problem there." But it seems to me that--hoping on that hill, in fact they bought a new Skidoo, you know, a skimobile, and they hoped to use it and there wasn't even enough snow on the hill, so they had to go up in Colorado to find some snow. But they all come up there, including our neighbor Water Snyder who owns that mine you know and I know he goes up there and they took the whole Dove Creek Methodist Church and when I met him he said, "You don't mind if we go there?" and I said, "No and a matter of fact, we' 11 make a 1i ttle trade deal. 11 So we have letters and the lease for the year. I said, "This year's lease for $2.00. Give me the $2.00 here to seeThey have more wind there and very little rain.MG:RG: They don't have enough snow in that area and they were13
 MR.AND MRS. MARTIN H . GASTWIETHyour mine you know." And he said, "Let's go." We have a good time. It's been real interesting. The people up there are wonderful and some of them have gone through the mining business. A couple of nephews now work some ofthe mines. One works up at Uravan. Do you know of any of the interviews that were made up there?No, I don't. I haven't had a chance to look into them. They have several and that would go to different companies in Utah, down there--[inaudible]Well, it's pottery, little pieces of pottery. And then further North, away from our property where they found the sandstone, the flat sandstone that they used to grind their wheat on and they would grind it you know. INAUDIBLE PORTIONThat would be a good reaction spot too.Well, it's not that far away.No, we're going to leave for deer hunting season and we'll leave here Thursday probably about six o'clock and maybe seven o'clock in the morning we'll be there.Six o'clock at night?Yeah, seven or eight in the morning.Driving all night. It's rather a long ways.The three of us driving.It's not that far.PR:MG:PR: MG: RG:PR:RG:MG:RG:PR:RG; The town itself is beautiful, Monticello, you know, it's14
 MR. AND MRS. MARTIN H. GASTWIETHa lovely town. Has a pretty golf course and it's just great.A high school.A high school, library, good hotels, real modernMG: RG:PR: RG:MG:RG:MG: PR: RG; MG:everything else. And they want to progress, and they need it because they're just down right between all the--on the way up to Lake Powell and Moab and it's right in the middle. Of course, there's always some that want it as it was, and it can't be like that. Progress has to come. Would you buy more land there, do you think?Well, I looked at more land. I think we've got enough for what we want. If I was going to do all the farming myself or we were, but it's just perfect the way it is.We'd rather have something recreational, you know, put a lodge there where people could come up for the hunting and their friends could stay and it could be nice to own some horses.INAUDIBLE PORTIONHave our own vegetables and a white fence and when she comes home from work and I'm sitting there.I'm the one--Remember that.We're planning you know when something come course.I get tired of warm weather you know if we would be satisfied for to be there all the time having not lived15
 MR .AND MRS . MARTIN H. GASTWIETHup there for a long time and so we go up for vacations and have a fantast ic time, can ' t wait till the next year comes around. But I just wonder if you wouldn't enjoy ita staying up here a couple of months and maybe not going s omewhere else.It's possible, I think t hat a complet ely different type of atmosphere would help here might be hard to adjust to it.Not for me, I love that country.Yeah, I know, but you have to be a faithful and logical about it too.Yeah.It takes so much pressure you don't realize the pace you're going and automatically get up in the morning and get dressed and go out to work and start off on the household and doing all of this and then get behind---?- -- and you're sick and tired and you haven't anything ?--- when you don't have to get up in the mornings and you don't have to get to work on time.[END OF INTER VIEW]LAST PORTION OF THIS TAPE INAUDIBLE.PR:RG: MG:RG: MG:16