 BRUCE SHUMWAY Blanding, Utah Tape No. 6An interview by Kathy Biel August 10, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsSocial Services Programs ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥Navajo Children in White Homes.Navajos Moving off Reservation.Employment Opportunities for Navajos ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 14 Changing A ttitudes of Navajos ¥ ¥ ¥ 16 Problems Adjusing to Urban Living. . ¥ 19 Housing of Navajos¥¥¥¥.¥¥¥.¥¥¥¥¥¥ 22 Employment Opportunities for Navajos. ¥ ¥ 24 Navajo Miners ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥ 27¥19 ¥ ¥ 13
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. BRUCE SHUMWAY, DIRECTOR OF SOCIAL SERVICES, REGION EIGHT, BLANDING, UTAH. THIS INTERVIEW IS FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. THE INTERVIEW TOOK PLACE IN MR. SHUMWAY'S OFFICE IN BLANDING, UTAH ON AUGUST 1 0 , 1970 AT 3:00 P.M. THE INTERVIEWER IS KATHY BIEL.KB-: Mr. Shumway, as Director of Family Services here in Blanding, would you explain just a little bit about the type of programs thatyou offer here and your duties as the director?BS: My duties are a little hit different than they were a year ago because we had a change in our total program. I'm presently the Director of Social Services.KB.: Oh, social services.BS: And there is another one who was formely an employee. When I wasthe director of the total operation, he was the director of ass- istance payments, and so, services and payments are separated now. In my role as Social Services Director, my responsibilities entail implementing all social service programs, mostly with the Indians in this particular area. We're considered Region Eight.There are eight regions in the state.KB.: And just how much, really, does this encompass? B.S: We just cover San Juan County.KB.: San Juan County.BS: It's the largesát county in the state.
 SHUMWAYPAGE 2KB.:BS:KB:BS:KB:BS:KB'.:(Laughs) That's quite an area. And you say that most of the services are involved with the Indians, the Ute and the Navajo? About 95% of our work is with Indians.Now, is this federally connected, or is it through the BIA, or just what branch are you?A state program--A .state program?under the Division of Family Services. We have federal monies involved but it's a state administered program. But the changes are coming about--we may become a federal program, but it's likely that we are going to stay with the state for some time yet.Just what types of programs then, do you offer under the social services?BS: When a person applies for assistance, we go in and evaluate their circumstances, find out why the dependency problem, whether it's divorce, lack of employment, training, or whatever it is that's created the dependency problem. And then we implement the more- or-less treatment program to try to overcome the problem. It it's lack of education, why, we get them into an Adult education program. If it's lack of training, we refer them to the Work IncentiveProgram that's administered by employment Security so they can get some training and skill so they can get employment. Along
 SHUMWAYPAGE 3with this, we give them services for medical care, make sure they have adequate health resources available to them so that if thereis a medical handicap, the problem can be removed or at least helped to the point where they are ab.le to function in some area to their maximum. And then we do quite a hit of preventive work, and I think this is where w.e're realizing more success than any other areas, in prevention. We will make sure that the kids are in school, and follow through with their school programs to make sure that they stay with it. To give you an idea of what this means, becauseI'm sure without knowing the full historical background of this,you wouldn't realize what has happened. 1962 is when we really s.tarted to work with the Indian people. We had programs for them b.efore, but it w.as very limiting, really not too much to offerthem. In 19.62, why, there had been less than ten Indian peoplein the whole county that had ever graduated from high school. And, in 1962, this was when we started making our big push in tryingto get services to the Indian people. From 1962 until 1967, wehad about eighty graduate. Then in 1968, we had over eight graduate. Every year since then, it's b.een right around eighty Indian students graduating from high school. We had only one or two that hadever attempted to go into college. About three years ago we had,I think, about twenty-eigh.t in the post-high school program, whether
 SHUMWAYPAGE 4vocational or academic, and this year we'll have a hundred-and- twenty-five.KB: That many?BS: So, the preventive work, I think, is more important, actually, thanthe treatment work that we've been doing with adults. But, when you work with the adults, in many cases, has been very successful, too, but it's harder. It's a lot harder to---?--- there. But I think that we'll find that many of the people we're dealing with will probably continue to he dependent because some of them--about seventy- five percent of the adults have had no formal education. Theydon't speak the English language, and so we're asking them, in asense, to go out and compete with people for a job who havetwelve plus years of formal education, and it's extremely hardfor them. They've also been pretty well protected by the reservation. This has protected them, or hurt them more than protected themfrom competition with the world around them. So they aren'treally capable or able to go our and know how to compete with people around them. Their kids are coming home and telling them how to do it, b.ut they can't do it themselves. So we have this cultural thing. It's not necessary part of their culture, but it's there b.ecause they've b.een put off by themselves and they haven'theen exposed to the societyá around them. So we had to struggle
 SHUMWAY PAGE 5with that in trying to bring them up to where they can get jobsand b.e independent. Now, another thing that we're involved in,and this is also a treatment process, b.ut we would consider it preventive. We've heen working for years now trying to get industries and, oh, little businesses and things to come in and get thesepeople employment. Now, this year we have on tap about fivehundred jobs that will be--well, within the next year, five hundred jobs will probably be made available that haven't existed here hefore. Within the next five years, the projection is between a thousand and two thousand johs, which, if we could get a welfare recipient to accept, would make our program almost totally effective. Of course, that won't happen because a lot of the young kids will come back and want the jobs, and they will be better equipped to compete for them. So we'll have a lot of people off welfare thatare on at the present, hut we won't be completely out of business.KB.: (Laughs) When did this influx of Navajos and--mostly Navajos, come into Blanding? That is, San Juan County?BS: We've always had them here. This is something, too, you know, people will talk about the Navajos as heing migrant people. And yet, if you go in down on the reservation and wanted to set up house somewhere, ahout the first morning you were set up, you'dhave someone th.ere with a gun saying, "Move, this is my property." Each part of the reservation, through ancestry lines and so on,
 SHUMWAY PAGE 6is sectioned up into grazing permits, grazing areas. Each Navajo knows which land is his. He knows that from that canyon over there to this hutte over here, to this river here, and so on, is his property, and it's been for generations. And if you move in on it, why your trespassing. They have little range wars every once in a while. Someone's sheep strays over the line. It's almost an imaginary line, but they know where it is. So they don't movevery much. Now they will move off the reservation temporarily to try to get some employment, but that land is always theirs. So, they haven't really moved into San Juan County, except in--I'llmake some exceptions to that, but most of the land here, they'vehad for years. As the families have grown up, they have sub-divided among. the children ¥ . They've had a high birthrate so their growth has b.een mostly from birth. But the exception is when they built the dam down at Page, Arizona, the Glen Canyon Dam, they exchanged that land for some land just south of B.landing about fifteen miles.KR: Aneth?BS: Well, it's the Cracky Mesa area. And then in 1933, through anagreement with the Utah government, the Congress acquired land which is called the Aneth Extension, and also the Paiute strip. The Aneth Extension is mos.t of the land north of the San Juan River and adjacent to the Colorado state line. The Paiute Strip
 SHUMWAY PAGE 7is the land which is now Monument Valley, and up to Navajo Mountain. And these lands were given to the Navajo at that time. However, they had, prior to that time, lived in the area so they were really returning to lands where they had previously been. When they setup the original reservation boundaries, the made these particularstrips of land, so--áKB: Well, what are the resident requirements to be eligible for thesocial services program? B.S: None.KB: None?BS: The only thing is, they should have the intent to stay--be livingin the area.KB.! Well, how does the town feel, in -eneral, about so many Navajosliving here and taxing the family services and not contrio.uting awhole lot to the tax base?BS: Well, this is something, you know, it's controversial because--take our school funds for example. Most of our money for our s.chool funds comes from reservation lands--oil royalty. Well, we have school sections that the state retained on reservation, and these produce quite a wealth of income. They've hit oil; they'reproducing revenues for the school programs, the industries related to oil, and uranium in the area. When the minerals and the oil
 SHUMWAY PAGE 8is taken from reservation lands, it produces money for the schooland for the county.KB.: So actually they are in a way contributing to the--BS: The individual Navajo may not be--well, I will qualify that, becausethey do a lot of their huying within the communities. So they're paying the sales tax, which again comes back to the communities,and none of the money that we use is from the county, only indirectly as it goes into Washington and then to the state áof Utah. So it's actually an asset to the communities. We probably contribute more, financially, to the businesses in the area than any other single activity. So it's really been a boon to them. Bringing the Navajo kids into the schools here in Blanding has created employment inthe schools for a lot of the local people, and it has also brought a lot of teachers in and has improved the quality of education for kidsacross the board, even though this is a point that some people will argue. They'll say that it's less because you have Navajo students in class with less ability academically. Along with this we get Title I funds which are for the purpose of enriching our school program where we have this problem. So all the kids are benefiting from the fact that we have Indian students here. We had a lot of hostility a few years ago ab.out Indian kids around, in the schools or--th.ere's a resistance in the connnunity with them even coming into
 SHUMWAY P AGE 9the connnunity. In fact, w.hen I came here in '62, my role was a child welfare worker, and I was tryáing to find foster home. I went through the community, knocking on almost every door, trying to find a home for an Indian child, and I couldn't. And finally, after a lot of work, we got a home over---?--- And then the relatives said, "That seems to be a pretty good situation," so we got another and another. We had families that would take White kids for foster care, but they wouldn't take Indian kids. Andwe'd have emergencies where we just plead with them, "Will you please take an Indian child." And they would, if they did under those circumstances, they'd never take a White child again. They'dwant the Indian child.KB: They'd want the Indian child?BS: And this is generally the attitude of most of the people here nowthat have been involved. They'd rather work with the Indian students, and have the Indian children in their homes than theWhite kids. So, it's--KR: Why is this? Do they give you any reason?B.S: Well, I think there's several things. One is the Indian child isjust better .mannered than most of the white kids.KB: I've noticed. I have my own up here with me. (Laughs) And myinterpreter, she's living with me, and her little sister we brought
 SHUMWAY PAGE 10up from Shiprock. She's just so quiet and well-mannered and polite and, I don't know---well, little Indians. (Laughs) Well, I hate to compare them, you know?BS: Then there's another thing that's happened in Blanding. Now, most of the people here are LDS, and they have a real conviction ab.out the heritage of the Indian people. I think for the first time, they're really waking up to something they can do to put their religion into practice. They're saying, now, "I'd better practicew.hat I preach." And s.o, this is something that is happening. And the church meetings, why, there's some prestige in the fact that you've done something for the Indian people. And this is the thing that's attracting attention here. I think for the first time,some people are finding that there's something that they can do that they feel is. worthwhile hecause you can see a lot of progresswith the Indian people. With a lot of other programs, you workin it for years and years and years--maybe look back fifty years and say, "Okay, we came from here to here." But in dealing with the Indian people, in a matter of a years, or even less, sometimes,w.:hy, you can say, "We've gone from here to here--made a lot more progress." It's just more exciting, more interesting, I think, for those that do get involved. We have some people that don'twant to b.e involved, but they're in the minority.
 SHUMWAY PAGE 11KB.: I w.as going to say that this raises an interesting point that I came across. Is it true that families cannot formally adopt Navajo children, that they can only get legal guardianship?BS: No, this isn't true. We have--KB.: This isn't true?BS: We have a number of Indian children that have been adopted in theconnnunity, and we've placed out, oh, quite a large number of Indians throughout the rest of the state, for adoption. Roever, a lot of people--we'll get letters from all over the West. People willsay, "We would like to have an Indian child to adopt". The attitude, generally, is that the Indian children are deprived,and there are just a bundle of them ready to be placed out for adoption any time that anyone wants one. And this isn't the case. Our experience has been that the Indian child is highly adoptable; we never have had a backlog of them. We never have had to hold one in a foster home waiting for an adopted home. We presently have, oh three or four times as many requests as we'll ever have children.KB.: Really?BS: We don't have as many Indian children come up for adoption as manypeople suppose because in most cases, their family pretty well takes care of them.
 SHUMWAY PAGE 12KB: They're just absorbed into the community and the family.BS: Well, they have their extended family, from their great-grandmato grandma on down the line, why, someone is responsible for every child, or maybe several people are. So, if the child is born out of wedlock, why, if momma doesn't want him, grandma does, or an aunt wants him, or someone in that part of the family, or else great-grandma would want the child. They want to keep ithe childto keep it within the family. The stigma that may be prevalentin the other community won't be there. The child will grow upand be loved and accepted. However, in the last--I'd say in the last year, we've found that the child's mother is resisting this extended family arrangement more and more, and they want to place the child out for adoption. We've had more .Navajo children placed for adoption this year than we have all the rest of the time I'veb.een here.KB.: Why would they want to resist this?BS: Well, the family say you still have to be responsib.le. And inmany cases they say, "Well, we don't want to have this','. Now, somewhat like the non-Indian community, the person who has achild out of wedlock is less likely to get married, and once they have this child, even though the extended family is caring for the child, why, they're looked upon as a least-likely prospect for a
 SHUMWAY PAGE 13wife, and so on, and so most of them would like to still be eligible for marriage. And we have--oh, young girls, mostly that aregetting into trouble. A lot of them will come in and say theydon't want their parents or anyone else to know about the factthat they're pregnant. They want to be able to have the child placed with no one being the wiser, and then, in most cases, this is done quite conveniently because they go off to boarding school, theyre off on foster placements,---?---. This is accepted; they can be gone for nine or ten months, and the parents think they're off to school, which th.ey are usually, but they're having a child while they're away, so--KB: If you were to give one primary reason, what would it be for the Navajo population moving up from the reservation into San Juan County into the urban areas, especially?BS: Here in B,landing, mostly, I guess?KB.: Uh huh.BS: Oh, I think that the thing that we heard the most is that they'dlike to be where their kids could go to school and get home without riding the bus. There are others that have come in for training for themselves. It's mostly around education, sometimes for employment or training related to employment, but education usually is the reason. We've had some families that have b.een here for a
 SHUMWAY PAGE 14long time, and as- near as we can tell in talking to families in the areas where they came from, they were kind of kicked out because they were a menace to the connnunity there. They sent them up here. And this hurt the image of the Indian in Blanding, especially, for years. And this is what we had to deal with. They said, "Well, the people you're dealing with are the same ones we've seen around here all the time. They're drunks and so on." And we've been telling them, "No, we have some real fine families that we're dealingwith". And, in the last few years, these people haven't been prejudiced, they take on employment, and so on. The community is becoming aware that there is a very high caliber Navajo person, and it's becoming more of a connnon thing, whereas they thoughtbefore that it was the person who's out in the gutter, who's out cold, or something like that. The influx of these other people helped the image of the Navajo. And, or course, we had them take important positions. Like on my staff I have a social worker with his masters degree. He's a Navajo.KB.: Is that Mr. Layman?BS: Yes. And we have Anna Wells who is a typist-receptionist, and hadsome come in on other, temporary-type jobs. So they've createda good image for the Navajo.KR: Well, now, is there an over abundance of employment opportunitiesin Blanding, or has this influx of Navajos, and the preference
 SHUMWAY PAGE 15given in placing them in positions creating problems with the White children who are just graduating from high-school, and maybe don't go on to college? They have difficulty everywhere finding a jobin the job market.B.S: It is competitive, but I don't think it's creating a problem for them because they can go elsewhere a lot easier than the Navajocan. I think you'd probably find a few isolated people who would say, "Well, you're just hiring Navajos, and taking the jobs away from people that they should belong to--my kids, chiefly," and so on. You always have that kind of complaint, but I think, generally, that the Navajos are taking jobs where they can do it b.est like, since my staff are dealing with the Navajo people, the more Navajo staff I can get, the better off I am. In the schools where theyhave a lot of Navajo students coming in, they need even moreNavajo personnel. So they are asking for more, rather than feeling that they are doing an injustice to the rest of the connnunity.So, I think, generally what's happened so far has been accepted,hut I think we may see the time when this could be a prob.lem. KB.: Are the ones who come up here primarily for education--are theyencouraged to return to their reservation and use their services and knowledge there, or is there any effort to encourage this at all?
 SHUMWAY PAGE 16BB: I don't know if there's really an effort to do this. I think each individual has in mind what he'd like to do, and some of them are very concerned about th.eir own people. They want to come back and help their own people. Now, there have been some that have come hack, and gone on reservation to help their people, but the social structure and things on reservation has been frustrating to them. So they'll come to a border town, like Blanding, and work here where they can go on the reservation and work with their people, yet escape some of the pressures of the Indian tribe at home.KB.: That's interesting.BS: We've had a numb.er do that. Now, most of them, you know, if they'vegone through an educational-á system, they've been exposed to a lot of conveniences that we have in most communities, and to go down on the reservation where they have to go to the trading post to shop at high prices, and to have to travel long distances to even see a movie, or heing in places sometimes without electricity, andmost frequently without TV, why, you know, they miss that. Andalso, there's the political pressure on the reservation which is pretty active. So they can come off on the edges of the reservation and kind of have their cake and eat it, too.KB.; Wouldn't they he met with some resentment on the part of the more nationalistic, younger Navajos that I've run into down there?
 SHUMWAY PAGE 17BS:KR:B.S: KB.:BS:KR: BS:Well, they call them Red Apples.Red Power.They say they're Red on the outside and White on the inside.Oh, they do? I hadn't heard that term. That's really quite descriptive, isn't it?But, there's a whole generation coming up. Now, there's some of them that are kind of militant. They're, you know, quite down on everything, the estahlishment, the Red Apple Indians, the--Even the Tribal Council--They're just down on everything, and maybe this is good, maybe it's bBd, I don't know; maybe we'll have to look back and see whether it was. But with these, we have a pretty solid core, and maybethe middle-class Navajo who's coming up, who's pretty substantial and solid in their thinking, and maybe even conservative to a point, and are thinking more in terms of assimilating the outside cultural values into th.eir own communities. Some of them areeven thinking of doing away with the reservation boundaries and letting people compete and do the same things on the reservation as is happening off the reservation. And I think that we havea pretty healthy group coming up, and I don't think we'll realize their activities probahly until another ten years. In about tenyears from now, I think that they'll have enough strength that they'll talk about things in public that they've been talking
 SHUMWAY PAGE 18about secretly in their own little groups.KB.: And they're more mature, too.BS: Yes, I've heard them say that they'd like to do away with thereservation boundaries. They'd like to have title to their property. They'd like to he able to sell their property if they want, andbe able to move about as they would like, and exchange property,and so on, and so on.KR: I know these restrictions from Tribal Council on one end, and the BIA on the other are frustrating to the Navajo who wants to be a private businessman. I've talked to several and this has beenvery discouraging to--their businesses aren't their own, they feel.BS: They have those short-term leases which, if they build up and have something good, and there's a change in the political structurein the tribe, why, they may lose what they've worked on. So,you can't blame them. I think this element will take over. I think that we're going through a transition stage now. The farmerwas chairman and was very traditional in many respects. He wasrather slow to take hold of some of the progressive movements. KB.: Like Raymond Nakai?BS: Yes. Now, Raymond Nakai--he's kind of in-between, as I see it.He's a radical in his own way, hut he's not meeting the needsof these--this new generation coming up. And I would be surprised
 SHUMWAY P AGE 1 9in this next election to see a change of leadership, where he'll hring in possib.le Peter McDonald. And he has more of these progres.sive ideas, and he's a little bit less radical than some of these movements that---?---.KB.: What are the problems of coming into an urb.an life for these people? Have they had any difficulty adjusting as you've seen it?B.S: This is always the problem. They've been living where their next neighbor, mayhe, is two or three miles away. They don't have to be concerned about him very much. They move into a home or an- - - - - - a-p-a--r-t=men-1=--whe-r-e- t-h-ey----ha-v-e- t-lle- n-e-i-g..hho.rs-----3 us..t- through_the_window practically, and they've got to be concerned about that neighbor-- what they do, and if they're having some type of a party, they've got to be concerned about that neighbor. And this is one thing they have to start learning. There are just little things like using the gas range, or working a thermostat. Some of these things--an example would he if they were to get cold at night, they'd turn on the gas. range or the oven to heat up an apartmentwhere they may have --á?--- or some other type of heating readily availahle. And then when it gets too hot, instead of turningit down or adjusting it, they'll open a window or a door. So, you know, it h.ecomes extremely expensive for them to heat a house that way, to cool it off. And these are little things, just
 SHUMWAY PAGE 20everyday things that they don't know, and they're just picking them up. There's expectation in the community about how you handle your children, what you do with your children, and what your childrendo. If the kid's running around without anything besides a shirt on, why, the neighbors get concerned. Now, this ¥¥ they've been doing this for years on the reservation. If fact, it's not sucha had deal anyway--no doctors. Often the neighbors are concernedin reporting this here at the welfare office, or some other place. KB.: I've noticed many are left alone, too, and I go out to talk tothem and just the children are there.B.S: They expect the kids to, well, to deal with their own situation ata very early age. In fact, when we first started pushing getting the kids in school, the kids aged thirteen, fourteen, and on up-- the parents would say, "Well, the kids will make up their minds,we won't tell them what they have to do." We said, "Well, you will tell them what they have to do because you're responsible." And it's only heen in the last few years that they felt they shouldhe responsible for their teenage kids as far as áthe decision around education, and we reinforced this through court proceedings, andso on. Now there seems to be no question in their minds. There are lots of little things, you know, that they come into, why, they've just got to get used to it. Like, say if you were to go
 SHUMWAY P AGE 2 1into a supermarket that was manned by Navajos; Navajo is the only thing spoken there, and all the good were labelled in Navajo. You can imagine the frustrations that you would have.KB.: Y es.BS: There you could go into the trading post--KB..: Like cans without lab.els.BS: They go to the trading post, and they'll--in Navajo, they'll tellthe trader what they need, and he may go and get one item at a time.            may spend the whole day shopping, just collecting a few itemsat a time, deciding on what they want. In here they don't know.They go into a big supennarket--what do you do? There's no one there to tell you what you do when you go into a supermarket. And so you stand around and ob.serve, and you see people around there picking up stuff, and so you do that, and you learn the hard way. And then there's such things as transportation. ---?--- theyreused to having some type of conveyance, maybe a horse, or automobile of some kind. All the sudden, they find that there are rulesand regulations that they haven't been used to around this. Some of them on reservation will go their lifetimes without a driver's license. Well, they get up here; they can't read a stop-sign; they go right through the intersection; they get picked up withno driver's licence. They get fined or put in jail, and all of
 SHUMWAY PAGE 22a sudden, they're frustrated on account of the hostile world. And so, I guess you can go into anyá area and you can find the same elements that are---?---. Fortunately, a lot of the ki<ls have been off in foster homes, and then they bring the parents in, and then the parents will take the kids with them, and the kids will explain to them what you do in various phases or urban life.KB: What ab.out housing? Would they prefer regular housing, or--Inotice there are quite a few with traditional hogans and sam-o-shays out in the canyons.B.S: Well, I think a Navajo man told me, he explained it to me about as well as anyone. I was down at his place when he was adding thethird room onto h.is hosue. He had a hogan in the back, and I was complimenting hom on what a fine job he was doing on his home. And he s.aid, "As far as I'm concerned, I would like to just live in that hogan back there.;" He said, "I have nine children, and they come b~ck home from school, and they insist that we have something besides a hogan." He said, "I'm build.ing this for them. They like this. I '-d still like to live in that hogan."KB.: That's funny because even on the reservation, you know, you always s.ee a tarpaper house laying across a---?---, and one or two hogans in the back in the summer shade.BS: Yeah, they still like that old system. I know, I've b.een in several
 SHUMWAYPAGE 23homes down here where almost all year, you'll find the family inthe hogan. They have some nice homes. But when the kids come home, the kids will sleep in the house and kind of live in the house,and they'll cook in the house, and everything will shift to thehouse during the summer when the kids are home. But when they leave, why,---?---á ---?---. We had an interesting experiencein this. Part of the requirements in Utah welfare is that peoplew.ork for what they get. This used to be the case. Right now we don't have that, hut--we had assigned the men to work project, and the thing that they wanted to do was to build homes. And someof the first home you could get on the outisde ware one room dwellings, about ten-:by.;.;een. You could get on the outside and you could see daylight clear through,---?--- looking through the cracks. And from that, why, the--one man would build that kind of home, and then another man would b.uild a rock home with windows in it and everything, b.ut it's still a single-room dwelling. Everybodywanted that b.ecause that's a step forward. Then the man over here got the idea, ''Well, I want two rooms." So everybodyáwanted two rooms, and I guess we prob.ably b.uilt five or six hundred homes. And they went through this evolution from the old shack, so wehad some homes--áif you've been to Monument Valley, why, you may haye s.een some of the homes we built with this flagstone. It's
 SHUMWAY PAGE 24a beautiful stone, and some of the homes are plumbed, or bathed, and everything, waiting for the time that the water will come. And we have some, even, at Navajo Mountain, where they're all wired for electricity and the electricity is still twenty-five miles away. It may stay there.KB..: But they're waiting. They're ready.BS: They're all ready for it. All these innovations they've takenon their own. We've been there to give them the know-how, but they've requested it. I remember when I first started, why, Ihad some people come into my home from the reservation, and they sawá the carpet and everything, and they just couldn't get over the type of home I had. Some of these same men went back and they started to work on some of these things for their homes. So they're anxious to change. And this is the reason I mentioned earlier. We work sometimes fifty years to get one change in theWhite culture; á with these people, why, just in a few months wes.ee a terrific change, you really do.KB.: What about the reception of the employers here to employingNavajo Indians? Do you have a problem convincing them that theyshould hire Navajos.?RS: This is b.ecoming more and more a popular thing. We really haven'tpushed it. Well say the right thing at the right time, in other
 SHUMWAY PAGE 25KB:-:B.S-: KR:words. They'll come in and complain s-ometimes about the factthat they don't know how to deal with their Navajo customers. We'll ask them if they've ever hired an employee to work for them, and they say, "Oh, we hadn't thought about that". Then the first thing you know, they'll have a Navajo employee. And so it's becomingmore and more the popular things, and I think we'll see even more transition, especially as the kids are coming back from schoolwith their degrees. These are the people that the employers feel comfortable in hiring. The fact that they've gone through and carried a four-year program and are hack indicates they have some ahility to organize and to be responsible, and so on. So the employers are after these people. In fact, I'm after them. When they come back, why,á we'11 try to get them in here. However,we find so many people competing for them, it's just awfully hard to get them.Oh.A Navajo person who's got a degree has a dozen Jobs waiting for him. Oh, yes, á I've noticed on the boards even down on the reservationthe opportunity sheets, you know, that they have out. They often require you speak both English and Navajo, you know, which leftme out immediately-. But-áBS.: W.ell, I've checked, you know a lot of the bulletin boards in the
 SHUMWAY PAGE 26colleges---?--- well, I've b.een to most of them in Utah---?---, and their boards are blank for job opportunities right now. And yet, any Navajo student who ever graduates is almost guaranteed a job. And the starting salary is two or three thousand dollars a year more than any White person could get. They've been tryingto steal away my staff. You know, it's hard to hold 'em because there's been some pretty attractive offers. They're starting salaries are right around nine, ten, eleven, twelve thousand dollars. Fortunately, my staff is up so that I can compete; ifit were a new staff memher, I'd lose them in a minute. But GeorgeLayman(.?) has lieen here long enough where we've got him financiallyhooked. I hope so.KB: Yes, I spoke to Alma Jones a couple of weeks ago, and he was veryimpres.sed with the tuition ---?---BB: Well, he wants to go on and get his doctorate.KB.: He ---?--- his (_?) protege.BS: Yeah, hut I suspect he'll leave probab.ly next year, or the followingKR:year. There's some real good assistantships and scholarships, and so on, for someone in a doctorate program, and he's looking at that. He's a good student. He wants to go on, so I'll probably lose him.Mayb.e oy then I can get someb..ody--or else maybe the market will get saturated so that--So it's. actually- not this younger generation that you 're worried
 SHUMWAY PAGE 2 7about, it's the middle-aged and older generation that still haven't had their schooling that's hard to place into jobs. They don't know English, perhaps--BS: Well we'll probably keep a lot of these. Now, if we can work it out with new companies that are coming in, like the one at Mexican Hat, Westward (J) Coals, they- may be able to have sections there that are manned completely by Navajo-speaking people. 'Cause if we can, we can get a lot of them jobs like that. Their lack of ability in the Navajo language doesn't mean they're lacking skills.KB.: No, it's just difficult to communicate.BS: And this is 'cause they could have a section where it's Navajospeaking. We have a lot of good employees for them. So, this may be a solution to part of our problem. Even though we're going to be working a lot with the older people for a longer time, our greatest emphasis still is going to be with the younger people.I think prevention is ten times more effective than cure. But these other things will go on. We'll work on the whenever the kids are around. We're going to be concentrating on the kids,making sure they're cared for.KB..: Now, what ab.out mining in this area? There was a great book backin the fifties, and many Navajo were employed on and off the reserv- ation. What do you see in the future for them here in Utah or
 SHUMWAY PAGE 28or Colorado in mining from now on?BS: I really doubt if the Navajos really get involved in mining anymore.It was a good thing when they had it, but, oh, most of the labor force in the Colorado Plateau is still Navajo, as far as themining's concerned. But this is more or less, maybe, the flunky- type jobs. These people that are in them now, after they're gone, I don't think they'll necessarily he replaced. And with the new inventions and everytying, why, you have to have an education, almost, to mine anymore with all the equipment and so on that youhave to handle. I used to mine, and when I mined, why, we did everything by the back. We shoveled and--we didn't have a loaderor anything. We used wheelbarrows and shovels and ran a jackhammer by holding it with our stomach and---?--- that way, so it's changed a lot, now, you know. It just takes--us.ed to take all back and nob.rain; not it's mostly brain and no back. So things are changing. And I think this is, again, what will prevent the Navajo from really being the b.ig force in the mining operations.KB.: Aren 1 t they really mechanically inclined and interested in learning to run the---?--- loader arid the--or trucks?BS: We've had heavy.,..duty equipment training, and we found that they are extremely good in that particular area. But these same people that are in that are not interested in going underground. I dori't
 SHUMWAY PAGE 29know why, rnayb.e there's something else that bothers them there, but if we can get them on construction or something like that, they're happy. But they don't--they always---?--- something to send them underground, so I don't think they like mining. I don't thinkthey really take to it.KB.: You don't think they do? I understand that Family Services wasconsidering a training program for mining. Is this true?B.S: We had explored it quite a bit, but it doesn't look like it couldtake áhold.KB.: Is this because the industry is on the wane, or because, as yousaid, you don't see any future for the Navajo in minins?BS: Well, it's hard to get a situation where there isn't a conflictof interest. In other words, if you mine, you're producing. So, if we train people to mine, we'd have them in a mine where they'd he bringing out ore. If they weren't bringing out ore, if theywere just bringing out rock, we'd have another problem becausethe overhead is so expensive. So it would be one of the most expensive training programs we could go into unless we were bringing out ore. And if we were bringing out ore, somebody has to bepaid for it. We can't be in business receiving money from ore.And if someone else is doing it, why--KB~: You mean they couldn't receive a salary, an on-the-job-training
 SHUMWAY PAGE 30salary?BS: Well, this is a possibility, but, again, to get a miner willing to set up that type of a scheme is a little bit difficult. Ifwe had the men go in, at no expense to the miner, he'd he willing to do it. We've talked to some of them and they were willing to do that, but they don't want to go out of their way and have it as a training operation where they're going to have to he footing the hill for the salaries, and so on. They feel they won't makemoney that way. Any other way, they'll either make too much money, or else it's gonna cost too much. It's something we have explored extensively, but we've kind of drawn a blank. Now, if the uranium industry picks up again, like it did before, we may see a different situation. But I think it's like some of our other miners, we're going to see that more of the educated people with high school diplomas, and so on, will get the jobs. And maybe Navajo youthwill get it. But I don't think we're going to see a lot of theold people go back to the mines.KB..: Navajo and Ute--now, you have both of them here in Blanding. Whatare their differences in personalities? I'm aware of them in culture,but, h_ow do you see them as two distinct cultural groups?BS: about the differerence between the Maxican and the Canadians! KB.: Really? That much?
 SHUMWAY PAGE 31BS: Of course, there's differences in languages and everything else. Our secretary out here is married to a Ute. They are starting to inter-marry, and I think the differences will be erased. But with the Navajo, you have a very strong family structure. With the Utes, it's hard to identify any family structure. It almost seems like the parents are in competition with the kids. There are exceptions. We have some families that are pretty solid families among the Utes, hut the majority of them, you really wonder what the role of parents might be. You don't see it as clearly asyou do with the Navajo.