 B . A . BROUGHTON Moab, Utah Tape No. 39An interview by Steve Guttman July 31, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
    
 Tahle of ContentsBackground. ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 1 Moving to Moab¥. 2 Optical Practice. 3 Problems of Moab. 6 Tourism 8 Schools 9 Stocks. 11 Indians ¥ 12 Glaucoma. 14 Mexican-Americans 16 Glaucoma ¥ ¥ 18 Health Care of Moab 19
 
 STEVE GUTTMAN INTERVIEWING B . A . BROUGHTON FOR THE COLORADO PLATEAU URANIUM PROJECT, JULY 31, 1970.SG: Just a general background on yourself would be appreciated. BB.: My first practice was in Payson, Utah, and that began inDecember of '54. After about five months, I moved over here. I think it was about the first of June in '55. Actually, we first went to Monticel~o, and I worked at the Main Office inMonticello and then came down here. I can't remember whether it was one or two days a week. We used the Utah Motel at that time for an office. And later that same fall, we moved fromMonticello down to here, and went up to Monticello for a coupleof days a week. Just reversed it. We had problems with telephone service and the post office. The post office was smaller than it is now, and a lot more people and no box numbers. A lot of it,you know, was delivery mail. We'd wait a long time sometimes to get our mail. But as difficult as the problem was, well, they had good personnel in the post office, and they took care of us pretty well considering everything. And as far as business is concerned and the size of the town, I remember it was probably about the same number of people then at that time as there isnow. That would be roughly, oh, in the neighborhood of five thousand, fifty-five hundred people. It could be more or less, two or three hundred people. Business was not quite as good thenfor me as it is now. It's a little bit more permanent people
 B . A .BROUGHTON # 1 P AGE 2here, and not as much transient personnel. People have addresses, permanent numbered addresses ,and phone numbers, and it's easierto stay in contact with them than it was at that time. That pretty well covers the general picture as it was and is.What reasons did you have for first taking up permanent practicein Monticello? Did it . look like it was going to be more prosperous?Well, I though it was a little bit better located geographically, and that also there was another doctor that had gone there and it was a little easier to rent office space. Just seemed like thatwas the more logical place to go for me at that time. So I opened an office but that's about what it amounted to.Well, what were the main reasons for transferring back down to Moab after this? Making this the permanent headquarters and making that the--?SG:B'B:SG:BB: Well, it was the amount of work load and business. It was really better at that time here in Moab than it was in Monticello. Asit turned out Monticello was a smaller town. And what industries it had seemed to be fading out somewhat more than Moab, and it looked more promising to locate in Moab than it did in Monticello.SG: What reason did you have leaving Payson in the first place and coming down to this part of the country?
 B.¥A. BROUGHTON 111 PAGE 3BB:Well, Payson is a town that is very dead as far as industry or income is concerned. It's a farming corrnnunity. It's real close to Provo and so easy anyone to go to Provo to get any kind of professional service, glasses or medical services, industry orwhatever it may be. And it just seemed that this was a better area, and I thought I'd like to try it.And this looked promising?It did. It looked a little more promising.What are the main differences that you've noticed between Mont- icello and Moah?Well, actually the main differences were just the number of people that wanted an optical service right here. It was just a bigger town, and I'd say that the work load seemed to be about twice more greater here than it was in Monticello?Was the character of the town, the atmosphere about the same? About essentially the same. There wasn't much difference that way.Did you ever go down to Blanding with some of your business?I do. I did and still do. I've always gone down there one daya week. In recent years, Blanding has amounted to more business than in the first years, the early years. It was always a fairly good day's work there, but the last two or three years, it's beenSG: BB: SG:BB:SG: Bil.:SG: Bn:
 B . A . BROUGHTON # 1 P AGE 4heavier and more work to do. It's a very busy day that theyhaving in B.landing now.SG: What reasons. do you feel for this increase in Blanding? Iunderstand the population hasn't increased much.BK: Oh, just becoming better acquainted, I think. People in outlyingareas that come in, and considering the whole picture, and I suppose that it's normal after staying a few years in one place to increase the practice. It's just a normal trend. It's goodwork.SG: People have to get to know you and trust you first?BB: I suppose that that's what they're doing.S.G: Can you give a rough estimate of what size the business was atthe time when you first made Moab your headquarters?BR: Well, I suppose I did then probably, oh, about two-thirds of whatI do now.SG: Mayb.e it's a lousy question, but what is your business now?Roughly, I mean--BB.: You mean, how much?SG: Well, either that, or just the amount of people, say, in anaverage day. Some way to indicate what two-thirds was then. BB.: Oh, I suppose I average perhaps seven--seven or eight patientsa day.
 B . A . BROUGHTON # 1 P AGE 5SG: Before you came into the area, was there another optemetrist at all?BB: No, only part-time. He came from Salt Lake. Made the trip from Salt Lake, and he'd go to Blanding and Monticello. And for a while there was one that came intermittently to Moab, just on a part-time basis. One of them wrecked his car coming down here. In fact, there were two different ones that came preceeding mehere, and one of them had a car accident. That made the trip that he had made unprofitable, of course, because he didn't come over on a half a dozen trips and one of those trips, why, he wrecked his car. And he didn't come after that. That was just shortly before I came. Optical work, eye care, back herewas done by Dr. Temple, a medical doctor for a couple of years also before I came, I understand. He died about three of four months before I came. He did some good work for the town ofMoab. Of course, I had the opportunity see what he had done,and so on several of his patients he did quite a good job.SG: So when you came in, you really didn't have any competition? BB: No, there was actually no competition here in town, but peoplehave always gone out of town for various services and for mer- chandise and shopping, and still do to a certain extent.
 B.¥A. BROUGHTON ill PAGE 6SG: BB.: SG: BB.:SG: BB.: SG: BB.: SG: BB,:W ell, where was~-They think nothing of driving 120 miles.Where would they be going, to Price of Grand Junction?Well, they go mostly to Grand Junction. A few of them, a very few of them go to Price, but I'd say more go to Grand Junction. You feel this is still the case?This is still the case.Would this be for---?---?For everything. They almost go there and buy their gasoline.Is the main reason strictly price, or is there any other factor? I insist they lack somewhere to go, for one reason. They'll go for any reason. Sometimes they'll go for more reasons than one, and take care of three or four things on a trip. And that way it's not so bad. But there's very few things they could go for if it's just for one purpose that they go, and that would be profitable. Very few.In terms of getting supplies for yourself, does the isolation ofMoab cause any special problems for you?No, it doesn't cause any special problems. I use telephone service a lot. It amounts to a much larger telephone bill, I'm sure, than if I was in a big town where I could get supplies and glasses without having to make long distance phone calls.SG:BB.:
 B.A. BROUGHTON lll PAGE 7SG: Did the problems that the telephone company was having after the boom was going on, did this cause special problems for you7BB: Not very much because they rectified and improved that pretty soon. It was only for a few months. Probably in the fall of '55 there was quite a wait when we would book a call, but by '56 we beganto lose a few people out of here through jobs and---?--- improved their facilities. A dozen things entered into this, so it was better by '56.SG: Do you think it would make it any easier for you if, say, the system had been tied to Bell, General, or to a large telephone system through the country?BB.: I don't believe it would have been much better. I think the service now is as good as any phone company could give. Yeah, I think that their service is pretty good.SG: Did the problems that the electrical company had cause you any special problems for youfBB: On occasion il -t 'he po-wer. would go off. There have been times when the power would be off for a few hours, but it happened rarely, and there was always some way that it could be made up. I mean, if youwere inconvenienced by it or had to be examined or seen another time, why, we would work it out. So it wasn't much loss to us as a result of it. However, it has happened sometimes for long periods of time.
  B.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 8But, somehow, someway, why, we made it.SG: You remember any interesting stories or anything that happened tothe---?--- while the power was off?BB.: No, I can't really say that I do. You know, I just always hope thatit always comes back on in a hurry so that things. in the freezerwon't defrost, and I'm always quite concerned about that.SG: The fact that Moab is becoming more and more a tourist area, hasthis changed the character of your business at all?BB: Definitely no directly. Though there are several tourists áthatdo need emergency service, such as mostly frames being out of adjustment, screws coming out, and occasionally they will break something, but as far as business or income from it is concerned, 1t. nasn¥-t- heip-e-d-me:-.--1-t-wourd-b-e-oni-y-what-t-he-t-ou-rist dollar flowing into Moab would do indirectly, which definitely is a help to everybody in town, I'm sure.SG: Does the tourism look fairly favorable to you coming into the area then?BB: Well, as far as money is concerned for the town, I think that it's one of the better things that they've had. It certainly has brought in more than it's. taken away. I think it's possibly not as goodas a real good solid industry that employs. a lot of people, but it is pretty good in itself. It brings a lot of business to a number
 B.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 9of people in businesses, and the benefits of the tourist industryis quite diversified.SG: You think that Moab is going to become more and more dependent onthe tourism, or is it going to remain with the mining?BB: Well, I don't think that they will necessarily become more and more dependent. I think that there's still some work going onhere in mining that's under development, and it's looking a little bit better for potash recently. I think that there will be other things as time goes on, possibly even new industries that will make Moab at least stay as good as it is, if not get considerably better.SG: I know in talking to some of the other people in the town here, tbey mentionea the problems o--f the schools-.- Have- you- no-treed this yourself?BB: What was the question about schools, or corrnnent about?SG: Well, in the two things people most mention in Moab as problemscaused by the boom, they mention the telephone company and theschools. I was wondering what your impression was.BB: They would be more closely associated with the schools than I havebeen. I haven't had too much direct contact with them because I have no children in school. But this does recall some experiences that I had. There was a time when part of the school system here
 B.¥A. BROUGHTON Ill PAGE 10was on two sessions a day. Some of the children would go in the morning and some in the afternoon and would go pretty late, at night, I think until about six o'clock at night, as I recall. I suppose it certainly overworked the school staff and all of the facilities that we had at the time. B.ut then as soon as theybuilt another school and transferred part of it into what had been the high school and Southeast Elementary, or the school up in the eastern end of Moab, that alleviated the problem to where it wasn't as great as it had been--congestion was not as great~SG: What is your impression of when the school district got caught up with the population problem?BB: I think it was perhaps 1962, approximately, when they built the present new high school. It seems that there were never any problems after that as far as space is concerned, not in comparison to whatit had been.SG: Do the schools. have any kind of program in connection with you where you going through there checking the children?B:B..: No, I haven't worked directly with the schools in that respect. That is pretty well handled by the school nurse, and I suppose under the general supervision of the Public Health Service of the county, for the county and state. But I have done considerable
 R.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 11amount of work with the students as far as examinations, glasses,and things like that are concerned.SG: So this is on an individual basis instead of directly tied to theschools?BB: That's right. It's on an individual basis.SG: You see anything in the future that would bring you clos.er to theschools themselves?BB: Well, I have no plans. of my own to become any more closely affili-ated with the schools. That policy and things like that are pretty much governed by the state health service and the medical profession, and also out connected profession. I am a member of the state ass- ociation, and whatever their policy is in NSR, I'd have to go along with.that. But at the present time, they're not too active in direct communication with the schools, but they may become so. It may become the case within the next year or two.SG: You know, quite a few of the residents bought, what has been termed penny-stocks. Did you ever become involved in any of these ventures?BB: No, I haven't. I haven't bought any stocks of that type. I did make some investments in other stocks, but unfortunately it didn't turn out very well, so I just haven't been too interested in them. I haven't been much of a gambler on stocks, and I haven't partic-
 B.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 12ipated in looking for uranium, or staking claims, or anything like that. It was just something that I knew nothing about and always figured that by the time I learn anything about it, it will be too late, or somebody would have been there before me, and so on. So that's been pretty much the story on that.SG: You didn't get involved in any grubstaking with anyone?BB: Not a~ all.SG: What will the economic basis be for Moab in the future?BB: Well, I think--I don't know how to put it exactly regarding whatthe industry will be, say, twenty or twenty-five years from now. But I feel that the town will be larger in, say, another ten years. I don't think that it will be tremendously, significantly larger, but possibly in terms of, say, 25 to 30 percent larger than it is. In twenty-five years there might be something that will come along that will make it double its size, but I doubt if it will exceed that. I suppose the tourist industry could eventually bring it up to that level. There are many, many things that enter into that that might have some influence on the future growth, but I don't really want to speculate too much on it.SG: Sir, have you done any work with the Indians in the area that are on the reservation or off it?BB: Yes, I have done a condiserable amount of work with the Indians,
 B.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 13not on the reservation and adjacent areas. Some of them come from Bluff, some from Mexican Hat, Red Mesa, and near Farmington, and over around--some of them come from around Navajo Mountain, and just scattered a}l around. Anywhere--Hatch Trading Post. You name it. They're from almost all of the places around.SG: Have you noticed any special problems that they have, as opposed to the citizens of Moab?BB: Well, seems--seems that several have had the disease known as glaucoma, which destroys the cornea, especially if it's not taken care of in time. Fortunately, during the last two years, therehas been a significant decrease in glaucoma due to the use ofsulphur drugs, not necessarily for the treatment of glaucoma,but for other diseases, systemic(?) disorders and so on. And in turn, why, it certainly has done a lot to combat this particular disease. And lately, this last year or two, I've seen very few cases--new cases of glaucoma. In some of the older ones it certainlyhas left its scars, but it's very seldom that I see a young Indian with this disease any more. And as far as optical corrections are concerned, it seems there are more of them that need stronger lenses than the average white person, for what reason I don't know. Thisis particularly true in the category of astigmatism. A lot of them have very, very large astigmatisms in their eyes, and it makes for
 B.A.á BROUGHTON Ill PAGE 14some ungodly lenses to grind.But you have no idea what--?I have no idea what does caus.e it. Or what ---?---.Do you have any knowledge as to why this disease was quite connnonfor a while there?With the Indians, you mean glaucoma?Yes.Well, the history of that disease, we have been told, has leaked mostly down on the North American continent. It's pretty well confined to the Indian population and always has been. As I re- member, there is a considerable amount of glaucoma in some of theArab countries and North African countries. Other than that, Idon't believe there ari.e many places in the world where there istoo much of it. It's caused by a virus, and there are about twenty some varieties of it that all looks essentially the same on gross observation. There are about twenty different types of these viruses, or twenty to twenty-five that cause the disease.Is it an inherited disease or is it contagious?using the same towel as a person that would have it. Unsanitaryconditions cause it.SG: But you say that the problem has pretty well subsided now?SG: BBá.: SG:BB: SG: BB:SG:BB.: No, it's contagious. It's from contact, close contact, such as
 R.A. BROUGHTON Ill PAGE 15BB.: It has pretty well sub.sided. It seems to have in this whole area. I've never known of a case of it infecting any white people. Idid hear of one that might have had it, but I doubt that very much. I think it was probably just an ordinary infection.SG: This is one of those things that the Indian just happens to be more susceptible to?BB:It got started before they knew what was causing it or how it was transmitted, and before the Indians realized it and knew how to handle it. And before adequate medical service was made available it did take quite a heavy toll at one time. There are a few old ones that have lost their vision or at least in one eye from it. Fortunately, it does run a course when it gets to the last and final stage, why, the heel stage of it, there doesn't seem to beany reoccurrence of it. It can be checked at any stage, and un- doubtedly has in many cases. And there are a lot of them who have had it and are cured who don't show much of an ill affect from it at this time.SG: Have you done any work with the BIA itself?BB: Only examining school children, and fitting glasses for a few ofthem. For the last seven or eight years around the Blanding area, they have a program in affect, and some of them do come under that
 B . A .SG: BB:SG:BB:BROUGHTON # 1 P AGE 1 6program and have been taken care of by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. What is the procedure involved in this?This just amounts to getting a report to the school authorities that administer the program in that particular area and billing them forit, and after a few weeks the service is paid for.Of course, there's military personnel down in that area too. Do you work with them at all?Every time a missile group moved in, I have had things like emergencies with breakage. There are a few that come in for service. And lately there is an increase in the number coming in for examinations. It seems that they find it difficult to go greater distances. The Armyat the present time isn't furnishing any optical service for them, soa few of them I am getting.Is this on an individual basis with them?This is on an individual basis.So that the Defense Department doesn't have any--? No, they don't.Do you have many Mexican-Americans as customers?There are a few Mexican-Americans in Monticello and a few in Moab, but there are not special problems with that group. They're pretty much the same as everyone else. Pretty much the same.SG: BB.: SG: BB: SG: BB:SG: Have you noticed any differences between the---?--- of this area
 B.A. ,BROUGHTON Ill PAGE 17and---?--- in terms in being receptive to, good eye practice ortheir feelings towards you, or anything like this?BB: I haven't noticed very much difference. The young group has beenvery very receptive, I think. That's probably because they are more aware of the problems that might exist due to having had school checks; where older people, they don't use their eyes quite as hard as the children do, and maybe not as hard as they once did. They perhaps have fewer visual problems, but there are a few of them that are perhaps somewhat alarmed about certain eye diseases, somewhatwithout much reason or justification for it. There has been a lotof talk about glaucoma and, of course that's a dangerous thing to have. And it's certainly a disease that nobody wants. But it's one that can be treated and there's not as much of it. It's not as pre- valent as what the general public believes there is. In other words, if somebody reads a book about all kinds of ailments, they're the first one to believe that everything is wrong with them. If a personhears a lot about eye diseases, particularly when it's a certain disease like glaucoma, why, they get quite concerned about it. They are a little bit more aware of the need for eye care, that they were, say, ten or fifteen years ago. But there's still no worse problem today as to what exists in the way ~f eye diseases than there ever was.It's no worse than it has been. And it never has been very bad. It's
 B.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 18only a very small percentage of the population that is infectedlike that.SG: Do you know why this talk of glaucoma got started? How this cameabout?BB: Well, it was just one of the things that the medical professionfelt like it was--I suppose they felt like they were doing better service to people. It's just like they've gone all out on cancer publicity and research. I suppose there is a little more of that today than there was in earlier years, and it's just one of the many things that they are bringing to the attention of the public.SG: Have you noticed any special prob.lems with the miners who have worked with uranium? Have they any you can think of?BB:I've noticed nothing at all with anyone that has worked in uranium, as far as vision is concerned. In that connection, we might mention some of the external growth that I've noticed in this area sinceI've been in practice. It's a vascular growth. It's a benign thing. It's known as a dterygium. It usually grows in the corner of theeye toward the colored part, and as long as it doesn't invade the colored portion of the eye to any extent, it's not anything toworry about. But if it does, it does require surgery. There are a lot of those cases in this area, and I suppose any area, b.ut it was just something I didn't notice b.efore not being in practice
 B.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 19until I came to Moab.SG: How would you spell that word?BB.: D-T-E-R-Y-G-I-U-M. Pronounced dterygium. It's just a vascularizationof the connective tissue which is considered minor surgery to remove. Usually it requires just an office visit .. to remove it. There may be someone who might be kept in a clinic one day and then sent home, but it's a simple procedure to remove it. Usually one operation does it, but occasionally there are reoccurrences which have to be operatedon again subse~uently.SG: Is there anything to show that the radiation would have any affecton something like this?BR: No. I just don't believe that there's any relation. It's justgenerally believed that dterygiums are caused by wind and dust, butI think that any irritant such as any kind of a chemical would do that or any kind of dust. It wouldn't have to be just surface dust, soil dust. It could be rock dust. Or, as I've previously said, anykind of chemical, exposure to various acids and various chemicalsthat are used in uranium ore work.SG: How would you describe the general health care of this area?BB: I think the general health care of this area is extremely good. Eyesurgery, if it is major work, has to be done outside of Moab, butall the minor care, especially the medical aspect without superficial
 B.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 20eye diseases, things of that sort, styes, I think that the medical service here in Moab and in the surrounding area is adequate without having to consult an eye specialist in another town.SG: If major eye surgery had to be performed, where would it be most likelyá done?BR: Most of it is done in Grand Junction. I know I have referred a considerab.le amount to Grand Junction. And if for some reason they would like to go to Salt Lake or Provo, there are competent men to b.e found anywhere in places like that.SG: But at least up to now, Grand Junction has been able to cover anything you have not been able to do?BB: They certainly do.SG: Has the problems of the roads in this area caused you any particularproblems?BB.: No, I don't think that they have. The roads have been quite adequateand no problem anywhere.SG: Have you become involved in any of the civic activities or any ofthe politics of the county?BB~: Not very much. Very little. I belong to the chamber of commerce,hut--belong to many of the civic groups, I have not. And I don't want to.
 B.A. BROUGHTON #1 PAGE 21SG: Was there anything else that we haven't covered about any of the problems of the city, or do you have general comments?BB: I don't believe there would be anything we haven't pretty well touched on.SG: Okay, well then thank you very much, sir. I really appreciate it.