    J I M M I E GARNENEZ Shiprock, New Mexico Tape No. 18An interview byKathy Biel and Harry Henslick August 5, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 
 Background.Schooling of Navajo Children. Businesses.Hauling Business.V.C.A ••Industry on ReservationB.I .A••Tribal Council's Revenue Getting Loans for a Business..1 .3 .5 •7.16 .23 .24V.C.A •• .25 .32Table of Contentsfrom
 
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEWWITH MR. JIMMIE GARNENEZ, A NAVAJO ORE HAULERAND BUSINESSMAN. THE INTERVIEW WAS FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE AT FULLERTON, URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. THE INTERVI EW TOOK PLACE IN MR. GARNENEZ ' S HOME IN SHIPROCK , NEW MEXICO ON AUGUST 5 , 1 9 7 0 AT TWO IN THE AFTERNOON. THE I NTER- VIEWERS ARE HARRY HENSLICK AND KATHY BIEL.KB: All right, Mr. Garnenez, would you begin our interview by telling us where you were born and a little bit about your background before you went into mining?JG: Uh, I was born here in Shiprock in 1938, in the later part of April, the twenty-eight or twenty-ninth. I was rather a misplaced person at the time I was born. I didn't understand English and we wereout on the range about ten miles from where we are now. We usedto herd sheep out there. After a few years--that would be nine, ten years, why, we moved to this area here in Shiprock. I believemy dad wanted me to go to school, which happened, and I started school. First I started with an Indian school for a few years. Then, eventually, I went to public school. I went and stayed there until I went through high school. I had couple of years of college---?---, and after that I came back and worked for my dad running businesses and things like that.KB: Uh, what college did you attend?JG: I attended the Fort Lewis A &Mat the time. It was A &M collegeat the time.
 GARNENEZ P AGE 2KB: JG: KB:JG:KB.: JG:Did you go down there on a scholarship?No, it was paid by my father.By your father? You didn't have any assistance from the BIA or the Tribal Council?I didn't have any assistance from the tribe. The only grant from the BIA I had was probably only three hundred dollars. But three isn't v~ry much.No, even then.Even then at the :time. And so it was--it was pretty hard. Dad sent one of my brothers through college and he graduated from theUniversity of New Mexico. And, of course, one of my other brothers also was in college. He went to armed forces and got married after he got back. So there wasn't very much more to do after that. One of my sisters went to Fort Lewis also at the time I was going there, and she graduated from there?What did you major in?Uh, I started with agricultural engineering and it was real hard because of the background they require. They required mostly math- ematics and chemistry, and I didn't have very much in high school-- chemistry and mathematics. I didn't have enough interest to stay there and really go to work on it on the basis of what was taught in high school, see.KB: JG:
 GARNENEZPAGE 3KB.: Well, do you b.elieve that this lack of having a background was because of the quality of the school?JG: No, it's just that when I went to Kirtland, I didn't plan to go to college in the first place. If I was interested, I could have pre- pared myself for what I would be taking up in college. At the time-- that was in 1959, it was just sort of, well, up and go. When Sep- tember came, why, two weeks before the college started, why, I decided to go. I enrolled and I got it approved. So I really wasn't prepared. If there was some kind of preparations for young kidsbeginning at the freshman year, I think this would be a real gainfor the Indian people.KB: You mean, to pick out those children who might be prepared by thetime they w ill be in college?JG: Uh huh. Yes, I think that in a lot of places that I went to, insome schools I know that when they become freshmen, after they enroll or after so many weeks they are there, I know they take tests ofsome sort. And from the results of that test, they ask them ifthey are you going to be interested in this sort of program or this type of work in the future. Then I noticed that some of the teach- ers who were interested in this kind of program would tell the In-dian people that they should b.e studying more of these in high school to get them prepared. So most of these students that did
 GARNENEZ PAGE 4that--I can't recall their names--who went to some different schools, why, they went on and made it real good. It wasn't hard·for them because they already had that background in what they needed. They had already studied in high school. This is what they do to people who really lack. They need better communication with ·the teachers,I think.KB.: Is there any kid of a guidance counseling program in the schoolshere in Shiprock?JG: Oh, yes, they have guidance counseling. But those are people whodo their job according to what they like to counsel. He is just there to show them that they're having a problem in mathematics, say, algebra. They just straighten them out for them if they'rehaving a problem in chemistry, they just straighten them out. They're not preparing them for the next four or five years. That's the way I looked at it when I went to school, when it happened tome. They were guiding some students with counselors but they don't compare--what they're compared to in a college level is different-- plenty different. In college you have counselors that you go towhen you're in trouble. I don't think the high school has that. KB.: What were your goals when you entered college? What were you try-ing to prepare yourself for? The agricultural area?JG: Uh, I did most of that when I was young and most of that in highschool. And as far as getting prepared for it, as I said, I wasn't
 GARNENEZ PAGE 5nearly ready actually. I just took what came and what was the eas-iest.HR: As you entered college, though, what did you want to do once yougraduated? What were your plans at that time?JG: I didn't really have any plans to tell you the truth. Really. Ireally didn't have any plans. If I had a second chance to go backto school, I would have a plan.KB-: What would that be?JG: Oh, I'll go into maybe business administration--anything like that,or business law--one or the other. I'd like to do that because I enjoy sitting down and doing a little bit of research to help people and help out others and do something to guide them along the line.KB: Well, you certainly meet people in that calibre.JG: Now I'm also in business here, but Dad has a different establishmentthat will need me this year. And someday somebody has got to learn about these things--how to run a decent business after they're releas- ed back to us, see. We can't always depend on subleasing to other people who know how to do business. We can't always do that. There's going to be someday when we're going to have to do that on our own.And we got to learn how to ' keep records; we got to learn how to deal with b.usiness management and learn how to manage the employees and things like that.JG: First of all, we have a gasoline business retailing to automobiles.
 GARNENEZ P AGE 6And we have a drive-in cafe and we have a sort of a restaurant. And then we have a furniture store and then automobile parts and accessories.HH: Goodness.JG: And then we have a small trailer business here in the trailer---?--- and we're working---?--- to establish a---?---. And also we're eligible to build a barber shop. At one time we had it, but because of the building space, we had to cut it out. So right now my intention is that we establish another small build- ing to put the barber shop back in business. And then we go onup to the line. We do one thing, and then there's something else coming up. So with the barber shop along the line, I'm hoping that we'll have a small beauty salon here later on.HH: Don't you also have a rather expensive stock holding?JG: Well, as far as farming and agricultural, we have alfalfa and somany acres of pasture and a small garden, family garden. Andthen we run into the cattle business and sheep. All that and they all have their own purpose. And this is what I mean by getting a chance to study business. In this line of business like majoring in some kind of business administration. So that would be my goalto b.egin with. Of course, I'm married and have kids, but I'm much more mature, and I think I can really sit down and study a little
 GARNENEZPAGE 7bit.KB: Uh huh. Now, when you left after two years of college, did you goto work for your father, or--? You said you didn't have any spec-ific goals in mind at that time. Just what did you do?JG: You mean during the time I was in college?JG: I came back and I ran the service station. I ran that and I didn'thave any other job. I had been mostly running the service station. And I finally had the chance to lease it out this past month when we were working with it. And all these others are leased to cer- tain parties from different areas.KB: Well, how did you finally get involved with ore hauling then? JG: Oh, that goes hack to about--about 1948. Certain Navajo peoplewere talking about this Indian gold, you know, I guess vanadium, they call it. First of all, it was along the Red Rock area, whichwas about thirty miles southwest from here--from Shiprock. And certain people and prospectors were out there and there was a person named Paul Shorty in the Red Rock area of Oak Springs thatwas doing his own mining. He used to come and talk with Dad about maybe using his truck to haul maybe one load or two loads a week. And, of course, they were all doing it by hand at that time, digging it.KB.: Uh huh. Picking--
 GARNENEZ P AGE 8JG: And they had one of these compressors out there and half of the time it was broken. The parts you have to order from Albequerque and Denver, and transportation-wise from the Grass area out there,why, that was pretty far to get parts. Things were usually doneby hand and pretty soon ·it would cost us a few hours, then down rest of the week. Paul Shorty used to do a little business with Dad. He used to come around and ask i£ he could use his tractorto take maybe four or five tons of ore to Durango so he could sell it and see what kind of deals he could make. I don't know how long he did that--maybe four or five years. Then at another place up on the mountain somebody else wanted something up there. That's when all these movements came in, picking up people from across the country--prospectors and all different kinds of people came in andclaimed different areas. And then all these disputes started, you know, about just whose land was whose and so on down the line, and different ones---?--- the white people there. Things like that. So some of those places, they closed up on account of this. And some places where it was known to--to go ahead and take them out---?---when they work with it?KB.: Who closed these areas? The Tribal Council?JG: Uh, I'm pretty sure it was the federal government. KG: The federal government? Because of these disputes?
 GARNENEZ PAGE 9JG:KB: JG: KB: JG: KB: JG: KB.: JG:Disputes and the prospectors were claiming--in other words, when I say prospectors, they were mostly Anglo people. They staked those areas out there and claimed it. They claimed these areas where a mine was, see?Now was this vanadium?Uh huh.They were staking claims for vanadium?Uh huh.And they didn't go through the Tribal Council?Uh, at the time they didn't.They just came out and staked them?They just came. And so the federal government put a stop to it and says, "This is Navajolland. You should leave and do it through the proper channels." Those Navajo tribes have an agency, like in Ship- rock, which finds out more about these things. And then if it'soaky with the people, you can go out there and mine. But there werenot very many open. Like the V.C.A. is a big outfit, and they're the ones that moved in. They opened some of those mines out there and made individual contracts with individual Navajos. How theyworked it there, I don't know, but that's how they happened to mine certain areas around the mountains there. And then after that, when the ore went out in some places that the claims were staked and
 GARNENEZ PAGE 10never approved, they just left them. And I guess, it's like that today. And from there on, they were scattered along the mountainon down to the other side of Teec Nos Pos, back of those mountains and then they went down into Monument V alley. Where Monument V alley is, they strike the biggest ore they made. And that's where we got involved there.KR: When it got to Monument Valley?JG: Uh huh. There was more money circulating and they needed more trucks.Dad went out there and bought two or three big trucks. At that time they called them tandems. He traded in our smaller ones that we were using to haul Shorty's and went into a bigger deal and started hauling for Monument Valley. At the same time, he had this license approved for the Four Corners of the four states, you know, a license to haul in from this state--the four states, and he got that approved throughSanta Fe. And then there were some Navajo individuals like Harry Blackwater, and there was two or three of them who leased to Dad under his license. They leased their trucks to him. So they were hauling out of their own mine, and then some were going down intoMonument Valley and getting the ore out of there and taking it to Durango. And there were about two or three guys involved, V.C.A., and I think Jimmy King, Sr. was involved and my Dad. And I believe George Smith, Jr. was involved. They went back and forth, and at the time the highway wasn't even built; it was just a dirt road.
 GARNENEZ PAGE 11It was a wagon trail all the way from--you leave this road out here from Franklin's Texaco Station and all the way out there to Monu-ment Valley it was nothing but dirt road. I mean, it wasn't gr aded, it was just a road like a wagon trail.Kil.: Well, when your tandems were loaded down coming back up, how long would it take you to make the trip?JG: Well, see, they leave about four o'clock in the morning, and by the time they get back to Shiprock, it'll be about twelve hours. It'll take ab.out a good four and a half hour to go empty--I mean ab.out four, six hours to empty, and then--just a minute. Anyway, if you're loaded down, you come in slower. But it was--roundtrip it was about twelve hours. And I had another driver waiting hereand he'd take it in to Durango.llli: Ab.out what year was it that your dad first started hauling ore forMonument?JG: Ab.out right in 'SO.HH: About 1950? Wasn't that ore--I believe it was high in uraniumrather than vanadium, wasn't it?JG: Yeah, we had more of that gold stuff in it--yellow? So, I don'tknow how much--what the difference is between vanadium and uranium, b.ut it was populat at that time. And .it's gone down all these years. It went down for about three or four years like that, you know.
 GARNENEZ PAGE 12Our trucks and some other trucks would haul it. Oh, it was a rat race, back and forth. Somebody's truck would be broke down between here and Mexican Water, somewhere down there by Red Mesa. Some trucks just parked there for days. Either all four tires would be broken--flat, or the drive shaft would be broken, or motors falling out. Well, everybody, you know, they had to fight to stay on the trip. B.ecause if you get a big truck, why, you have to at leastmake about five hauls that week, and then you'd be doing good. But if you leave one or two loads---?--- week, boy, you're--you'rehurt. So you have to have a handy man all the way around. So these trucks---?--- And the road--I mean this road was in no condition for new vehicles on it, new trucks, new cars. They had big chuckholes and rocks sticking out about seven or eight inches high. A lot of time when it rained, it would wash out half of the road. It was really bad. And then later on, after a few years after all that going on, they paved this road from here to the state line by the other side of---?---. They pave it to the Mexico state line. And then it was better. But at that time, I think it was arourid 1954,if I'm not mistaken.HH: Did you drive for your father during that period? JG: Oh, I drove in emergency cases, yes.HH: Only if it was an emergency?
 GARNENEZ PAGE 13JG: Uh huh. I was real young then. If some of the boys didn't showup when we had to go somewhere and if I had learned the truck, I drove the truck down to Monument Valley. It was a real rough trip, but I got used to it. Man, in a summer like this, boy, I'11 tell you this, there wasn't nobody out there. I mean, it's hot. Trucks would be heated up and ---?--- would go and you'd just be sitting there. You feel like you're in a sweathouse--steambath.HH: How profitab.le was hauling ore during that time?JG: Well, it was real profitable as long as everything was smooth. Imean by that, if the trucks ran and, say, made five loads a week without breaking down, and just a normal trip, just real normal, everything was in condition, it was profitable. But once you broke down, popped a tire, a couple or two broke five or six springsthat week, and valves b.urned out on you, and things like that, why, you're in the hole before you even got started.HH: You got paid b.y the mile--the ton mile?JG: The ton mile.HR: About what did that run, do you know?JG: I really can't say, but I imagine about twelve tons would give youtwo hundred dollars. HH: For one haul?JG: One haul, yeah. The trucks varied by weights by ton, and they were
 GARNENEZ P AGE 1 4between nine and twelve tons. Then one with a single axel, they'd only allow eight tons at that time--seven tons. Then these big semis, they haul twenty to twenty-five tons, and they'll vary it. But ifyou have a big truck, you're a lot better off. And then later on, about '52 or '53, we purchased one of those big long tandem base trucks, and we hauled twenty-five tons which was max. And theb.rother that I introduced you to, Sam---?---, why, he was then driving out truck. And then right there we started getting alittle bigger and our operation was getting better. Of course,we weren't making a lot of money because we were spending it for big trucks. V.C.A. came in and told us, "You can start leasingthe trucks to us if you're going to haul for Monument Valley."And all these little people that had one truck and small trucks, they phased out because the insurance got heavy and the laws for the trucks were very--they boosted them up. They were getting tight and you have to have liability insurance in order to operate. And you have---?--- for certain things. And you have to have somany trucks to operate on this highway; you have to pay these taxes to the state of Arizona, Coloraod, coming through New Mexico.A lot of these uneducated Navajos, they just fell right out--sold their trucks and went home.
 GARNENEZPAGE 15IIB: What kind of pay was your father paying your driver at that time? JG: Uh, I believe they were payed so many dollars per truck. Theyweren't paid by the hour. " HH: Per trip?JG: Yeah, per trip. After so many miles they were paid so much for ---?--- they made more after so many miles. In other words, if you made five hundred miles in a week, you were paid up to that per load and then after five hundred miles, you were paid so many on top of what you were paid per load, and something like that, some ten cents a mile or something like that. I wasn't a realbookkeeper at that time. I was kind of young to understand alot of these things. I knew what was going on.HH.: Did he have a pretty regular group of drivers, or was there aturnover?JG: Yes. Well, I'd say it was a pretty regular group. The reason for this is that my dad put in all the boys taht were in the family.In other words, they were my uncles, cousins, my brothers, andreal close family. The men supported their families through this. And they got together, six, seven, or eight drivers and choseeach truck. And they kept them pretty well organized, kept them going, and they understood that the pay was good. Of course, at that time, too, some of these boys were uneducated. They were
 GARNENEZ PAGE 16unable to get good job.sunder the government or tribe. So they worked for Dad. Anytime they wanted a job, they came over to see Dad. He was sort of an employer for a lot of the people in our family.HH: Apparently your father was able to make a profit on the lease agreement with V.C.A.JG: Well, that story there is a little different. Dad didn't wantto go under V.C.A•. He didn't want to sell his trucks or lease them under a permit of the V.C.A. because he had his own permitto haul it, and he had his own trucks. He was told that he hadto make so many loads per week. They cut him down, see, by loads. In other words, the V.C.A. said you can only haul three loadsthis week. Then you can't haul any more until next week. Mondayyou start another load.HH: Why would they do that?JG: Well, I think that V.C.A. franchise the whole part of this area,Monument Valley and around so many miles radius.HH: Were they using their own trucks for a larger part of the ore then? JG: Yes. They had so many trucks running through here that we couldn'tcompete with them, and we just sort of phased out also, too, atthat time. Dad didn't want to work under V.C.A.'s policies because they were more or less tying him up for some other reason rather
 GARNENEZ PAGE 17than trying to cut down his loads and selling his truck to V.C.A. He wanted to do something a little better. The trucks that he had, he turn them in, got so much profit back off them, and he started the service station business.HH: Oh, and that's how he got into the service station business?JG: Yeah. Bought a few--maybe five head of cattle, in 1954.KB: Well, did he ever haul while under this agreement with the V.C.A.--did he ever haul for the independent miners out at Monument Valley? JG: Uh, they couldn't because all the independent miners went broke.KB.: Well, what about Cato I and Cato II? Cato Sells' mines up there? JG: He went broke also.KB.: He did?JG: Cato had his own trucks and had his own mine and had his own permit,but he blew it. KR: How?JG: He can tell you.KB.: Oh, really?JG: I shouldn't say that. Cut that off on the record, but that was alot of cases on the--KR: You mean he wasn't out there enough to supervise what was going on? JG: No. He was living in Farmington at the time. And all of his dealswere out there. He made regular trips, and he drove one truck now
 GARNENEZ PAGE 18and then. He got in a hole buying too many trucks. He couldn't pay for it. When they started putting down the ore, he had no income to pay for the trucks, so everything went down slowly. His trucks went out to haul from his mine, and when all his machineswent dead he sold out to somebody.KB.: Do you know anything about this problem he had with the A.E.C. andV.C.A. in an area of land around Cato I, I believe it was? That they were withholding, they were trying to take it illegally or something? You don't know anything about this?JG: No, see, these things happened like I said. Too many people claimed so many areas, and they had already started to mine. And some of those things were done illegally without the knowledge of the Navajo tribe, without the knowledge of the person who actually live on that land, and they sort of trespassed in their area. They found out that someb.ody else was mining in there and that another Navajo had leased this out to another Anglo party. He had moved in and then started mining, and the regular people who were using the land forcustomary use weren't aware of it. They went to Window Rock, and the chairman said, "We're going to cut this down and find out more ab.out this thing b.efore we do anything about it." And they cut off all those people like that and they never went back to miningb.ecause they never settled it. And some of them, like I said, Cato
 GARNENEZ PAGE 19Sells did the same thing. He went up there and staked a lot of places, claimed it before anything happened, before they put all of their machinery in there, and---?--- king, why he just ran out there. And one day he moved to Farmington and stayed there, and worked in the settlement, and then went back to Window Rock from the early part of---?--- And so some of these things are all undefined yet.HR: Uh, during that rather short time when your father was leasing to the V.C.A., did the V.C.A. have any control over such things aswho he had as drivers or the wages he paid and that type of thing? JG: Uh, well, I say here again, Dad never wanted to lease from thev.c.A.HH: No, he didn't want to, right--JG: But he never did.HH: Oh~ he did not allow--JG: He did not allow them to push him around.HH: Oh, I'm sorry, I misunderstood. I thought that he did it for ashort time but eventually sold out. I understood it that way.JG: When the V.C.A. took over, they bought the franchise on the mineswhich is an area of so many miles radius. And that's when they told us our loads have to be so many per week, and that you have to go under our policy, or you don't haul anymore.KB: And so that's when he decided--
 GARNENEZPAGE 20JG;That's when he decided to sell all his trucks, get the money and start a station. And so when the V.C.A. wrote us a big letter con- gratulating us, saying that they'd b.e glad to have us and what they was. going to do for us, and how they was going to handle our insur- ance, what kind of money they was going to pay us, we already were establishing a new building here.I wonder where that letter is? Did he keep it?I don't know. I don't know. We burned a lot of the stuff when he died. We burned a lot of things. Now when we took back through the records, we hurned all the permits that---?---Oh, that's a shame. That's a real shame.I don't know, I still might find some one of these days. We're still in the process of, you know, separating some real good per- tinent things---?--- from the old trucking days. He has a lot of them in piles, I don't know, he just stacked them up, four or five---?---That letter from V.C.A. would be very interesting to tape.No, I think I have some letters that stayed in some of these things, and some of the laws that they had put up for themselves. And Dad just had nothing to do with it--just absolutely refused. And they told him that this would b.e a good deal, from Monument Valleyright into the rocks. It would be good mining. But he--IIB.: JG:HH: JG:IIB: JG:
 GARNENEZPAGE 21HH: Perhaps we'll be able to look at those or you might come across s.ome of them.J·G: One of these days. I will. I'11 look them over i f I get a chance. KB.: Yeah, if you come across any, would you send them to Doctor Shum-way?HH: I think you have his address. We can make them a copy and sendthe original back to you.KB.: And then send the original back to you.HH: And it would be very good for us.KB.: Your father was quite a successful businessman then. Did any ofthe Navajos ever come to him and ask him to b.ecome partners withthem. To help finance it?JG: Oh, he had a lot of opportunities, but he always had a knowledgeso that he could do things for himself rather than try to share his business with somebody else. He liked to be a real indepen- dent man because he knew where to find it. And he didn't really want to go with someone else.KB.: Well, did he go out and stake his own claims ever?JG: He didn't do that. He didn't do that. He knew that the person who had the mine weuld come to him and he would eventually say,"I will haul for you." And then that person would agree to it. But he wouldn't say, "I'll be partners with you in your mine,
 GARNENEZ PAGE 22and I'll furnish my trucks." He never said that. The only thinghe said was, "I'll haul your ore," He had some prob.lem with- KB.: He wasn't interested in getting into the mining operation itself? JG: No, he liked to stay out of some real big business and just dowhat he can at the time that they were available. When opportunitieswere there, he .took advantage of it.HH: Did you mention before what educational background your fatherhad?JG: Uh, he had very little.HH: He certainly did enough. He had very little?JG: He had very, very little education. In fact, I don't think he passedmore than fifth or sixth grade. And most of his experience--his education was picked up through his interpreter or missionaries while working outside of the reservation, like in Salt Lake City, Grarid Junction, Denver--these places where he'd interpret or b.e timekeeper, or things like that for, you know, a b.ig outfit. And that's where he picked up more of the experience of his education. Then when he hecame, oh say, mayb.e forty years old, then he camehack to the reservation and stayed here. What he learned outside, why, he utilized it all. It came in handy. I guess that's what we're using now.KB.: Uh, how do you feel about opportunities for the young men that are
 GARNENEZ PAGE 23going out into the working fields now? Do you think they have moreopportunity to find johs today on the reservation?JG: What do you mean, opportunities for--?KB.: Aren't a great deal of men out of work?JG: Within the reservation, a great number is out of work--especiallythe young people. When I say young people, I classify them under thirty-five. They need more jobs, they need more within the res- ervation. But at the same time, the whole reservation doesn'thave enough employment.KB.: I understand there's very little private industry on the reserv-ation. It's mostly government industry.JG: The trib.e and the government are the only two major sources on thereservation, as far as employment is concerned.KB.: Do you think that industry will grow? Such as your businesses?Will there be other private businesses?JG: I would like to see it grow more than these subagencies, you know,like those under the Navajo Tribe because they can only employso many. Private industry can employ one to fifteen at one time, sometimes. And then, if they'd have moreprivate industries, why, I think the reservation would b.e better off. But that's the way I feel.KB~: How do you feel about the Tribal Council's control over many of
 GARNENEZ PAGE 24the enterprises?JG: I have only one objection to the Navajo Tribe controlling enter-prises. They can control if they have some experienced people within their administration who are actually a business minded people, but they don't have any. And I don't think the Navajo Trihe is really aware how important private enterprise is as far as industry and private business is concerned. I don't think they're really aware of it. They're not pushing it enough.KB.: They're not promoting it enough?JG: They're not pushing it enough. They can't see that we should dothis for our people, I haven't seen it. And at one time they had what they call a trading committee, the Navajo Trading Committee that was on the reservation under the Navajo Tribal Council, but it phased out in just the past few months. I know a few days I wnet to the---?---. That's the way I was told in Window Rock. The B.I.A. was taking a step in there and was going to build a trading center.KB.: Maybe it's because the B.•I.A. moved in and the Tribal Council phased out.JG: Slowly phasing out certain programs. And one of them is private industries. The tribe wants to operate the whole thing. In otherwords, it wants to control my business rather than--and also the
 GARNENEZKB:JG:PAGE 25other half of the B.•I.A. is controlling it.And you think this is what's stifling the private enterprise onthe reservation. Just too many controls?Right. As I see it, they need a real business minded person torun their deal for them in Window Rock for each individual. Ithink they'd be better off. Let them work with the agency--who- ever is in the agency at Shiprock that is interested in some kindof business. Let them work it out there and then just give it to the man who is aware of it in Indian life and let him work it rather than everybody voting and saying, "Shall we let him or should we not?" That kind of thing is too old for me. I mean--And it doesn't move fast enough either.I just don't agree with it. They ought to change the system today. This old system they've got now, they're just trying to appeal to the people. They can run their administration if they only change the s.ystem.KB: JG:KB: Now, how do you feel about the revenue from the royalties that the Tribal Council received from V.C.A. mines--the mines on the reserv- ation? This ran into a great deal of money and was given to the Tribal Council. How do you feel about the uses to which they put this revenue?JG: As far as the revenue is concerned, I can only say that if they're
 GARNENEZ P AGE 2 6using these things for education, I don't mind that. But I mind it if they start using it as traveling expenses for groups rep- resenting the Navajo people to Washington, New York, and else-where using that money. And then the individuals who need it at the home level don't get to s·ee it. This is one thing that I don't understand. They always talk ab.out tribal revenue. There are a hundred and twenty thousand people who don't even knowwhat that revenue is.KB.: That's right. I've talked to miners in Colorado and Utah, andI asked them this same question, and they had never heard ofthis revenue.JG: You will see it on the headlines, ,·,Navajo Tribe received fourhundred million dollars from so and so." The chairman says, "Your education is my goal. I'm going to pay your way through college. There is a scholarship waiting for individuals. There is a new---?--- that we're going to set up for you. There is going to he new irrigation farming for you which is going tobe set up. It's going to employ a lot of people and there's a lot of money involved. This is going to be taken care of with .this revenue." But ever since I can remember, 1930's somewhere, theywere talking abnut these, and I haven't seen any of it. And all how many millions of dollars they have gone through, I don't know.
 GARNENEZ PAGE 27Like these---?---, like the farming industries, like all these big things, like N.T.U.A., these are done from resources other than these revenues. The revenue is stashed away somewhere nobody knows ab.out.KB.: Do you believe this revenue should have been distributed to in- dividuals as was done with the Ute tribe instead of being--?JG: Well, I would do it different if I had a chance. I would let the agency superintendant keep control of it within the agencywhere those resources came from. Just like here, we had all that ore four years ago right there. That started Window Rock. Today that's still going, and there's more ore back up in there.We should have a record here in our agency where I can go over there and say, "I'd like to borrow a half a million dollars from Navajo tribe. I mean from this revenue." They're right there ne.xt door to where the ore came from, not that I'm entitled to it, b.ut if I can't get any money, I might as well borrow it from the tribe and buy the things I need. And then eventually payit back slowly, hut I'd have to pay it back. I wouldn't work that mine. They say, "You go to Window Rock and this is where you stop."KB.: It stops?JG: It stops right there. In Window Rock they won't give you infor-
 GARNENEZ PAGE 28mation on how much revenue they're getting out of there.KB: Well, I was talking to Maurice McCabe about this the other day,and he claims that while he was treasurer, he issued a quarterly report on the budget of the Tribal. Anyone who wanted to could come to Window Rock and see just how much revenue was coming in and how much was going out and to what areas. But he says this isn't being done anymore by the present treasurer.JG: Well, you are aware of this now. Anything in any organization has a balance sheet or a record sheet. It shows a water development program of so many million dollars, and a~Navajo educational fund of so many million dollars, and N.T.U.A.--so many million dollars. Someone was saying that Navajo tribesmen control them. They'dall being lying down on each side. They'll say that so many million on each side balance over here, and they say that thisis where the revenue is going to. From there they'll say that within this area, this is supporting so many other things. And this area is for so many other things, and this is what Navajo Tribe consider revenue to the Navajo people. But this shouldn't be so because this is a different industrial business making its revolving business. The revenue shouldn't be able to--shouldn't even give a cent to this organization because it should be making its own money from sources that are doing it. This revenue should
 GARNENEZ P AGE 2 9be kept separately and not get into debt buying a sawmill over here and not getting into debt buying equipment from Albuquerque, or places right on the Navajo reservation. They shouldn't do that.KB.: You mean you believe they shouldn't, as government agency finance businesses on the reservation then?JG: The Navajo Tribe shouldn't buy or bid on things with this revenue money.KB.: I see.JG: In other words, they should have a separate savings account on thereservation for the Navajo people for this revenue. But they're not doing that. They're involving it in their own private indus- trial businesses.KB.: Now what do you mean by private?JG: Just like the mine over here at the Four Corners Plant, Glen CanyonDam, and N.T.U.A. and water development. So the Navajo Tribe has only two or three, I think within the reservation: this N.T.U.A. and the sawmill. The only thing that the Navajo Tribe has ever accomplished other than all these, is the donating of funds totheir partners and so and so. They shouldn't involved this revenue for buying these things so that they're going to go broke. Just like where they bought equipment this whole outfit--what they callit ---?---
 GARNENEZ P AGE 3 0KB.: Here?JG: Over in Window Rock. So many million do-lars worth of tractors,trucks, and things. KB: ---?---JG: Yeah. Everything went broke. They lost all that money, see? That was most of our revenue money that was supposed to be utilized for other Navajo purposes. It was Navajo revenue that was supposed to develop the natural resources, water--but the tribe didn't show that anywhere.KB,: But weren't they justifying this by saying they would supply jobs on the reservation? This would provide jobs for the Navajo people? JG: Well, they're doing it that way how, yes. But you asked me if they should receive this royalty money or if they should us it for otherfunds. In my opinion, like I said, I would use it differently.This is what I mean. You could go over there and borrow money from this revenue rather than go over to Window Rock and sit there andmake out applications.KBj It should be locally controlled then?JG: Yes! This situation would have been better, and the administrationwouldn't have been so confused. It would be better off. This isthe way I would look at it, see? The Navajo Tribe is really getting into many big things. I always wonder about all these b.ig places
 GARNENEZ PAGE 31where all these people are working--all the Navajo people working for the Fairchilds, General Dynamics, and the shoe factory, and all these. They're getting all the Navajo and they're really getting them into these jobs and things. And they're getting them interested in doing something. What about ten years from now? Are these things still going to be going on? And how many of these people are going to be out of jobs at that time? Thisis going to he reflecting back to the Navajo Tribe and the B.I.A. One of those guys is going to step out, and the whole tribe will b.e ---?---. And then how many employees will go. And then you'll have about three-or four times as many people wanting jobs at that time. And then those sixteen million acres that we have--1 wonderwhat it's going to be, what it's going to look like. This plant breaks down now and then. We've got three generators running now, and everybody's happy now. One breaks down, there's about four hundred people out of jobs at one time. Where up in Glen Canyon Dam this is almost completed, and then they are just going to have very few working there. I don't know about Flagstaff, and Winslow, and all up there. Fort Defiance is the only thing really going strong by that sawmill. And Window Rock, there's nothing there. Those places are going to be ghost towns. I don't know. You'vereally got to be stabilized. So I would rather think that if in
 GARNENEZ PAGE 32each agency the Navajo people are being encouraged to use that money to do the hus.iness with if they're going to build ore. And that's---?--- for putting that requirement on there thatsays you have to have fifteen years experience in managementor something. They know very -well that a Navajo has never had any kind of experience when he asks for a job--a real experience. And this is where we all get caught in it. You have to havethis b.ackground, you know, this kind of background. But it's really hard. We can't just go and sit down and say I want twenty thousand dollars and I want to build a small business here likea barb.er shop. The first thing they would tell you would be, "Okay, we'll get you an application for twenty thousand." They ask for all this information just like you're getting credit somewhere--all this information. You go home and then a week, tw.o weeks later you get a letter saying, ''We're going to haveto see your liabilities, your assets, and all this." For one thing, a Navajo doesn't have any. And the---?------?--- Hecan't mortgage .his home, because it's tribal land. A nd---?--- farm ---?------?--- So how are you going to lend money to people? You got to change all these. A small FBA business comes into the reservation saying that the Indian people are eligible for these loans. All right. They start with fifty
 GARNENEZ P AGE 3 3thousand dollars, twenty thousand dollars. Everybody comes in there and sits down and explains all these things about their offices in Phoenix, Alb.uquerque, and on down the line. The Navajo can borrowmoney. All right, twenty Navajos go over there and put in an app- lication. And the first thing, they pass the buck right there. They say, ''Well, let's shoot it down to Phoenix because they can take care of the less than fifty thousand dollar loan. Our depart-metn at Albuquerque has to be a hundred thousand dollars, see?"So they shoot it down to Phoenix and the guys wait, and they shoot it around there, and they shoot it back to the agency and says, "Now what does this person want to build? What does he want themoney for? How long has he been experienced in business lines?And then what will his liabilities and what will his assets be?"And then the trib.e will say, "Well, we've got to give him a bus- iness---?--- and it's got to be approved by the chapter. It'sgot to b.e approved b.y the superintendant. It's got to be approved hy the---?--- Committee. It's got to be approved by the chairman." And then the B.IA steps in, "Okay, I want the same preliminaries."By the time they get this paper, it's all worn out. I mean, you know, it's real unique the way they do things. They shouldn'tgo through these procedures. They ought to have one man to stab- ilize them in Window Rock if they're going to do something. One
 GARNENEZ PAGE 34man hecause there's so many people that live within a radius of miles and miles. They live far away. Some of them don't even have a way to get to Window Rock. You could put in an agency.They'd b..e glad to help you, shake your hand, and be nice to you. These---?--- at Window Rock bring you more different papers, different kinds of information to write. What kind of businessis a man going to start. Just like they never heard of what he put his application in for--the barber shop. Another kind ofform comes from somewhere and says, "What kind of business is thatman going to b.e in?" And you put it hack and this guy says, "Well we have to fill this out again. Can you come over next week or next Monday? And we'll sit down and fill this out again."Is this true in itemizing, even up too how many nails you use?KB.:JG: At one time it got so bad that they wanted to know how many up-rights between these corners of the building and how many two- b.y-fours you're going to use? How many nails is this going totake to put that in there? How many feet of roofing paper doyou need? Itemize all that before your loan can be approved.This is what we tried, see? For this station, we wanted to borrow thirty thousand dollars to pay off the oil company and to remodel. So we started working at the local agency here. Everything was fine--real dandy. This was in 1962, I believe it was, when this
 GARNENEZ PAGE 35new sort of program came out where you can get that small loan. Anyway, we put all this information down. We took it over to the sub.-agency, and we filled out all the forms, and they were sent to Window Rock, and Window Rock sent it back to the agency. And we came back and gave a survey and monkeyed around w ith i t , and they took it back to Window Rock, and about four months later we heard hack from the agency who said that we had to measure the building and explain how we were going to remodel it, how much it was going to cost to remodel it, and all these things about how much we owe the oil company and all the stuff. All these things mounted up to so many thousand dollars, andwe did all that and sent it all back. And then about another month later it came b.ack and said, "How many nails are you going to use on your building?" You know, that's going to really hurt us. We can't estimate that. We don't even know how we're goingto rem~odel it at the time that they-were asking it see? And we did have some bidders from Farmington, and we showed them these figures, and they said, "Why, I wouldn't even touch it." These contractors don't even want to touch it. It was too much for them. They said, "When we do bidding over here, we bid on whatwe're going to do, and that's what we bid on. If we take a loss, we stand for it. If we're lucky, we make a profit on it. That's
 GARNENEZ P AGE 3 6how we do it. But I'm not sure when we're standing here itemizing, how many nails we're going to b.e putting in." He says, "If one nail isn't any good, I don't have nothing to do with it." So we blew that one. We still worked on it. We tried to tell them that we want to try to do it right. So we went back and, "No, no."They told us the only way we was going to get a loan is if it was going to be, I think, less than twenty thousand. And they can't pay off the oil company more than six thousand dollars. They said they couldn't do that. And we got confused right there because they never explained why. And so we figured that it was because it was the two different deals that we combined. They wouldn'tdo it like a finance company would, you know. You're adding every- thing together and you're getting them all paid off. You paidone note. This was how we were working at it. But it didn't work that way because they didn't want to go along with the business loan. They didn't want to pay off the oil company and then re-model it and have one bill together. And they said the only way that they could loan us truthfully was if we had an entirely new estab.lishment and a new building. After all the time we spent, they told us that they can't pay for the remodeling and they can'tpay the oil company. So in other words, what they're really in-
 GARNENEZPAGE 37and has Then ityou payterested in was a person that Just puts in an application, ground, then puts in a new building and starts from there. will work all right. But it really hasn't worked, though. They have complete control over your business ---?---. Yeah, and that way you give up your business to them until up in thirty years.KB.: JG:HR.:JG: ·Yeah they have to. They have to check the bookkeeping every month,and all the things that you sell, buy, and all that. Sort of in- ventory it. He was really hard. I don't know where they got this idea. I think they modeled it after someplace where they--some business that controls something where they have real strict man- agers and things like that. But out here on the reservation, you don't do that. This is not the type of business you would havein New York. You can't compare it to that.HH: We'd better dash now. Too bad we have to close it isn't it?KB.: Yeah, it was really interesting.HH: Well thank you very much again. It's been a privilege to be here.Do they actually involve themselves in running the business?