  HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY Blanding, UtahAn Interview By Dorothy Erick & Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-147July 23, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 23. 1970Tape #1:Family Mines . . ¥ . ¥ . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 The Monument Two and Cord Mines.Navajo Miners and W elfareHisStartinMining. . .¥.AEC Bonuses .......... .Mines in the Cottonwood Area ............. Pillared MiningShipping Ore to the MillsBlow Sand . . .Smelting and MillingThe Depressed Market and Plight of the Small Miner .. CurrentMinesandPastClaims. ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 35 Other Mines W orked. ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 38 RoyaltiesonMines. . . . . . .. 41 The Shumway Family and Mining ............. 44MiningEquipment. . . . . Government Standards Discovery Methods . .. . . . 47 49 53 56 Hobbies and Recreation . . . ¥ . . . . . . . . . . . . 60Mining as a Lifestyle7 ¥ ¥ ¥ 12 . . . . . . 14 16 ¥ 20 . 23 ¥ 26 28 304
 Stocks and Overspeculation . . . . . . .Stock in the Shumway Corporation ........ . Centrified Claims ........ .Brief Histories of Various Miners:Steen and Pick . .Ray Ransom . . .Schreiber and Robinson.V ernon Black and Claude Chandler and Black ..... .6367 . 73. 75¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 78Nugent. . . 81 ¥ 83 . 86 90 95 97M ills. .The Maybe, Happy Jack, andDr. StokesThe Future of Mining.Mining Techniques . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 99 Mining Towns and Blanding Compared. . . . . 102 The Stock Boom. . . . . . . . . . . . ... 106 Success of Locals .................. 109 Oral Histories .................... 112
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEWAND SUZANNE SIMON WITH HAROLDU T A H , ON J U L Y 2 3 , 1 9 7 0 F O RPROJECT, JOINTL Y SPONSORED BYCALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE AT FULLERTON. [TAPE #1.]DE: All right Mr. Shumway, you are Eugene Shumway? HS: Yes, my name is Harold Eugene Shumway.DE: Will you tell us something about yourself and--? HS: Well, I'm 37 years old and I guess I've beenmining for about--however long it is between 37 and about 14 or 15, which I started quite a while before I was out of school. In fact, I kind of sluffed quite a bit of school really. I spent quite a bit of time mining and prospecting for uranium when I was quite young. I joined the service when I was 19 and joined the Air Force. When the Korean War ended, by a lot of back shipping records I had, through letters and the Atomic Energy Commission and certain people, I got a National Health Safety and Interest discharge from the Air Force which supposedly meant I was worth more mining than I was in the Service. Then I came back and started mining with my brothers. At that time we were mining down to the Hideout Mine which was formerly staked by my father, Seth Shumway and he sold it along with his brothers. It went to Fennel Sitton [whom] we leased [it to] and [he] went down and started mining it, (and it] was reallyCONDUCTED BY DOROTHY ERICKEUGENE SHUMWAY T H E U R A N I U MI N BLANDING, O R A L H I S T O R Y OF UTAH ANDTHE UNIVERSITY
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1one of the better mines I think in the White Canyon area. I won't know how many million dollars it had produced, but it supposedly is still producing, the other end of it I think. Of course, uranium in this area comes in channels the same as riverbeds usually. The other end of it, which is known as the WN Mine is being mined today. I think it's a fork in the river, and I'd say it's been producing quite continuously since about 1950, '51 and '2. Then, of course, we've had the Sandy Mine that we've mined. In 1954 we opened up the Payday Mine which was one of ourbetter mines, I think, and I mined it about tenyears, I guess.DE: Will you locate these mines?HS: My brother--DE: No, I mean can you tell the location of thesemines?HS: Well, Payday Mine is on North Elk, and then wemined the Look Mine which is on North Elk about two miles south of Payday. We mined it in about 1964, '65 and '6. That was one of the last pieces of property we minedbefore the government stopped buying uranium at the eight dollar price and we didn't choose to stretch2
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1out, which we could have done. Under the stretch-out you could prolong shipping up to 1970, but we decided to mine it and get out of there. We did, and so we really haven't minedstraight uranium type ores since 1 66 you might say. Today we presently mine vanadium types here, vanadium carnotite that the values are probably worth more in vanadium than they are in uranium. We're just kind of waiting for the price to get better and doing some exploration work. We've done quite a little exploration. Last fall in Upper Cottonwood area which is just east of the Payday Mine and the bottom, well, the formation rolls off north and goes under towards the Blue [Mountains], and that's the last of Upper Cottonwood. We call it the Ransom group which is about the last place the Shinarump formation is exposed before it goes under the Blues. Then it comes out south of Steen's mine over in Big Indian. I think theShinarump shows along the south of Steen's mine, but Steen's mine I think is considered more in the Chinle, more in the butte formation which I think basically is safe. I mean, it still sits right on top of the Moenkopi, red formation in3
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1channeling formation, and of course Big Indian Mines have been the best mines production-wise, I think in Utah for uranium--no question. Of course, there have been some pretty good mines. Well, the Ransom group's been pretty good. Of course the ones we're familiar with, I've named you a couple of dozen that have been pretty good mines in this area.ss: How do you think that one compares with say, Monument Two?HS: Well, I think Monument Two was what you'd [say] is a mine that is quite unique because it had vanadium and i t was a good grade and i t was exposed; they could have strip mined it. Ofcourse it was done with wheelbarrows by VCA. I think some Navajos did it. Monument Two, I don't know how much their production was. Mr. George used to be with the Navajo Tribe. He once told me that it produced--it seems like he told me upwards of a couple hundred million dollars, but I don't know whether it was that good or not. I personally didn't think it was that good, but it was awful high grade ore and could be strip- mined. I mean, it would be so ideal today that you know--a lot nicer situation than Big Indian4
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1although Big Indian isn't tough country. The veins are big and wide and I think pretty continuous. Of course I don't know if they had too much problem with their backs or not. I don't believe they did. It wasn't deep and I don't believe they had much water, whichcertainly was a good situation. I know that one of those mines over there, I believe it was owned by Hecla, I think they averaged close to 80-90 hundredths out of this one; the Cord mine was real high grade.DE: Who did you say owned that one?HS: Well, Hecla Mining which is--Hecla, you know,the biggest silver producer. They're a silver company and they have--I don't know whether they owned the Cord Mine or--the Cord mine is named what--well its first name, Mr. Cord is the one that owned it. That was a real good mine and he used one of the men, him and Daniel Myers and some other fellow from up north. He's the one that did that exploration from the Lisbon Fault. I believe it's east where they went 2,500 foot drilling to find the extension of the BigIndian, and they did and that's where Rio Tinto, Rio Algum--one of them's a subsidiary of the5
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1other, I don't remember which--they were putting a shaft in the mill down now which is about completed. I understand they have 20 foot layers of pretty high grade ore there. I don't know how good it is, but it's supposedly good enough to go 2800 feet in the ground for--must be pretty good. Present prices, oh it seems like the Canada--they're a Canadan-operated outfit and it seemed like Canada has a way of getting a better price than we do. They just get a better price from our government than we do, I understand.DE: I was going to ask you about this Canadian deal. Is this going directly to Canada? Do they have to go through the U.S. government?I understand Canada and Japan have ended up with a lot of it. I know the Japanese people havebeen around this area looking at uranium and prospects of uranium even recently. They're pretty interested. Of course, you can probably see why. The Japanese people, a populated place like that has to ship in there a lot of their natural resources. It would be awful easy to fly in there, fly in uranium, you know, the milledproduct. It would be a lot easier type of fuel to ship than say coal or something which they'dHS:6
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1use so much of I'm sure. I'd think the Japanese people would be one of the big users of uranium. They seem to be more interested in--I mean itseems to me like of all the places, of course,they're aggressive type people anyway.SS: I was wondering how they, how our government wasallowing this?HS: Well our government allows a lot of things,really. I feel like that in the uranium right now, my way of thinking, if something is not worth--an industry is not worth--I mean its product is not a worthwhile item, I don't believe the government should subsidize anything else, you know. I mean I don't even feel 1ike they should in the farm area. I think supply and demand should pretty well determine what happens, and yet the government subsidizes a lot of things. Yet when it comes to uranium in an area like this--I know that the welfare is quitean item in this area to the Indian people. Industrial Uranium itself must have had a hundred of them hired. They tell me down here at this office if they can get one Navajo off welfare it's worth a hundred thousand dollars to them. I don't know whether it is or not, but if7
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1it is, why certainly if they figure uranium is a worthwhile thing I don't understand why they didn't keep it in a depressed area or at least by it and put the Navajos to work rather than just give, and other people. The Navajos seem to make good miners and really quite like it. It always appeared to me--I know from my own experience I never liked school and I probably never would have gone to college and wouldn't have done well if I had [mined], at least when I was young. I might today, because I've seen more of the values of it. But you take a Navajo that's lived down here all of his life in his ways, throw him into a white man's way of life, and they're not going to go out and make CPA's or at their age--I mean, you've got to start them very young. So, my way of thinking is they take these Navajo people who like to mine, thatwill never go to school. They could train them in six months time to be pretty good miners and they like to do it, and they could go anyplace in the world and get them a good job, maybe. But they don't want to work for some reason orother. I'm really anti-welfare as you can tell. I mean, it irks me really.8
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1DE: I don't think you're alone in this feeling, andthere's another thing that you just mentioned. You said that they are good miners. I have come under the impression that perhaps they were not as dependable or had as much initiative or really wanted to work if they could get welfare.HS: Well, there's no question--to the Navajo people, time doesn't seem to mean much, I mean as far as being on the job at a certain time. But they're a likeable people and I like them myself. They do make good miners. There have been a lot of them I¥ve worked with personally, and I know that like I said, Industrial has a lot of them, has a lot of them working. They seem to be a lot happier or at least paying their way. I don't think that the Navajo people themselves can be happy taking welfare. In the long run it will hurt them individually.DE: Will it take their initiative?HS: Oh yeah, especially the type of people when itcomes to drinking problems. This seems to hurt them worse than an average type person because they don't seem to be able to cope with alcohol. They start getting these welfare checks and they get started drinking and it's really tough for9
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1them to ever change. I really believe if the welfare checks stopped with the Ute people and the Navajo people--if their welfare checks stopped--of course [with] the Utes it isn't welfare, but it's out of oil. They don't have to go to work. I think if they would, there would be some severe trouble myself. They've become accustomed to go to work, and first one of the best ways to get you to go to work is if you're hungry.DE: I just wondered, with some of the young that are militant, whether this would make any difference or not. Or are they militant?HS: Well, I don't know. I don't think they're really bad that way. I mean really, I'm sure they resent the white people considerably. You can't really blame them. You know, I think that the white people--you might say of the United States--are resented by most of the world. By what we have, I think that it's human nature. Of course we got off the subject of uranium. Of course the Navajo people do have a lot of Ithink good potential country and have some good uranium mines and they do make good mining people I think. I mean I think you don't have to10
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1have an education to go and mine, and yet you can go any place in the world and get a pretty good job. What I was trying to point out, Ithink, instead of making them into doctors, lawyers, or professional people, certainly at least the ones that are ten years old that haven't been to school are going to have to go into some type of trade that doesn't take a real education, I think. I'd lots rather see them put into mines or make welders, mechanics or whatever they liked. But it seems like the welfare people will say that's not good enough for them.DE: Well isn't it true, really, no matter what ethnic group we need more vocational people?HS: I think so. I certainly don't believe that everybody is fit for college. I mean I think there's a mistake. I think a lot of people make a mistake actually going to college and trying to find something that doesn't fit them and I think they're looking for something, you know. I know a lot of people that have stayed out of college and done very well, and of course I knowa lot of them that should have gone to college, you know, I mean you work both ways. I don't11
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1believe that I could have stood school then, but I hated high school even.DE: Well, let's go back to that then. What was your background then as far as mining and prospecting? Did you go with your father?HS: Well, I went with my father prospecting some when I was 14, 15, and then I started myself. I started mining for myself when I was--a year before I was a junior--so I was 16 when I started mining for myself.DE: That would be 19--?HS: Well, I was 16, it was when I was a sophomore. Istarted mining for myself in the Cottonwood area with an old Model A compressor, it had two cylinders pulling it and two cylinders making air. That wasn't a real drilling process, but I made pretty good money and such. I have no complaints in that direction.DE: What did you do with your ore when you--first of all how did you get it out? How did you get your ore out first of all?HS: When we first started mining we used wheelbarrows and a horse and cart. I think in about 1951 we bought the first diesel-powered shuttle car that the Young Machine Company12
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1built. I was telling them the other day when I was over there, I ought to go find that thing. They're doing pretty well and shipping them all over the world and really have a good shuttlecar, I believe one of the best in the world. I was telling them the other day, I was going to find that old shuttle car. One of these days itwould be valuable.ss: It would be an antique piece.DE:XS: HS: XS:HS:Well, the Henry Ford Museum would probably be delighted to buy that one.Genie?Yes?I put Shelby in her bed; I think she'll go to sleep.Okay. And then of course mining has had lots of progress and will certainly have an awful lot more. It's a lot easier to mine and make tonnage today then it was before. I expect to see itgrow leaps and bounds unless we're all shut down for some reason or another.In 1951 they were giving, or the AEC was in heregiving bonuses, right? Was this part of yourDE:incentive?HS: My incentive when I was--was I just liked to13
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1mine and, of course, 1ike so many of them, I couldn't wait to get out of school and mine. Thefact is I missed probably at least a third or half of my last year of high school mining, in which I didn't learn anything anyway.DE: You already found your location that you wanted and you could work hard making a success.HS: Well, my brothers had been in the mining business since--oh, '39. They started probably '39, '38, my father and them back to the very start. Then, of course, when I was twelve and thirteen and such I worked for them and such out to the mines. I never liked to work for anybody else, so I started for myself when I was sixteen. Of course I never worked for anybody since, particularly, and I have [done] pretty good, shipped quite a bit of ore before I was out of high school. Of course that's one reason I got out of the Air Force when the war ended;one of the main reasons was my shipping record. At that time uranium was looked on as a lot more important than I think it is today--for national defense anyway. They've got enough now to blow up everything and they didn't then.DE: Except that the potential for the reactors, 14
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1etc., today there is a possibility that they will need a lot more uranium.HS: I think so, but as far as defense, national defense, at that time they were after quite a bit and they were giving a bonus. I understand[they were] giving a bonus to get people to certainly go and discover uranium, and it was too successful. They tried to backtrack as fast as they could, you know.SS: Do you know many people here in the Blanding area that collected the AEC bonus?HS: Oh yes. We collected several--quite a few of them.SS: Did you and what--HS: Well, the one bonus, they had two bonuses. Theone type of bonus they had, they give you three dollars and fifty cents a ton for uranium bonus, and as you shipped it up to the first ten thousand pounds, there'd be 35,000 dollars for the first bonus. Now that's the type we collected. We collected that in several areas. There's only one place they beat us on that. They had a place here in Cottonwood that they drilled out and claimed themselves and found some ore. They gave it to a person to mine and15
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1he wasn't successful, and so they threw it open to public staking and we went and staked it andfound quite a bit of ore there. So instead of paying us the full bonus on it they deducted what this other guy mined, which I always figured was--because actually we found it where even they had supposedly spent a lot of money looking. I always felt 1ike they beat us on that.SS: What was the name of this place?HS: Simpatica Royal Flush we're still mining. Thatwas an AEC found place that they give up because it was no good. I don't know how much was shipped out of there, but we've been mining it since, pretty well since '58. It hasn't been a great place. It's a good place to spend thewinter (laugh) .SS: Who had it before you did then?HS: Well, that Bradford had the AEC lease on it andMarvin Lyman down here who owns this Cook Palace Motel, but they weren't too successful in mining it. When we staked it we went in and mined it in a different way and did the work ourselves a lot of it, which accounts for quite a bit. We found some pretty good ore and, of course, we've found16
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1some pretty good ore bodies there since. I think it was 1958 that we staked it.SS: What would it assay at today?HS: Well, most of Cottonwood averaged about 17hundredths uranium and probably one-seventy-five vanadium, and where we're mining there today, we're not shipping that good of ore. In factit's semi-mined out, that portion and, of course, they'll buy that low grade and we don't try to make high grade really as much now, but Cottonwood I think as a whole has averaged about seventeen hundredths and one-seventy-five. It's in, of course, the Morrison formation. I imagine they ship, that particular area right there, probably shipped somewhere this side of ten million dollars worth of ore. The best mine I'd say in the Cottonwood was known as the Big Hold, probably. It's quite a unique ore body which they mined with a wheelbarrow and a little pump. Today if you had it you could strip it, I think, going about thirty foot overburden.SS: Your father and your Uncle Lee had staked that originally, didn't they?HS: I think Dad and Uncle Lee and Uncle Harris and Uncle A, Gary's father are the ones that17
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1originally staked that country and ended up selling it, I think, for $1,600 to Garbitt Stake. Garbitt Stake owns it today. I think they're out of California. They own a portion ofit today which they have turned over to VCA. VCA, of course, turned it to Foote Mineral when they merged, and whatever they don't own out there we pretty well do in the Cottonwood area. We've mined more ore in the last ten years, I'd say, by farther than they have.ss: Can you tell us about the Mr. Chandler that-- HS: Old Chan?SS: Yes, that came out there.HS: Well, I tell you he used to make some sheet ofbuckskin and put it in a barrel and let it rot or whatever you want to call it, pickle it, to where his cat wouldn't eat it.DE: Is that why they called it? What was it--the Stinking Hole?HS: No, we named that because it just powder smells and such. The mine actually has a powdery smell of it's own you know, and we've done all kinds of names. I think the brothers named the Stinking Hole, probably Burdette or Merwin.Merlin was an older brother and Burdette and Roy 18
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1and Glenn, the one you talked with, and Kenny. There are six boys in our family and six girls. So I had started working quite early really. And, of course, we had the one that was killedin a mine, in the Cottonwood area about three years ago in the Stream Water mine, Burdette, who had mined probably, I think if anybody had mined a lot in this time it was really him. He started work just as young as anybody. Of course, Merwin, he was the older one, and he had been beat up. We've had some fatalities. He got his eye and his finger blown off the cap down atthe Sandy Mine about 1954 and never went in a mine after that. We just mined and he just kind of does our mechanic work. He left the Payday, Cotty Day joins the Payday, and about the first time he was in a mine, I guess, I mean one of the few times he was mining, a rock fell on him and broke his back, his leg and pretty well beat him up. I packed him out on a bed. A doctor came up and he gets around pretty good, really, today. Like I say, we've had some fatalities. Of course I don't know of any business [where] you really don't, you know. I mean, sure, mining isdangerous, but so is truck driving, so-- 19
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1DE:HS:It does compare a little bit better or at least a little different than the coal mining operation.I think it's better, yeah. We have a lot safer ground, we don't go in as far and don't do much mining by shaft. I've never mined in a shaft. I don't care for them. Of course, if a guy's used to them why I'm sure they're plenty good. I've been down them, but I've never mined in a shaft. Most of ours go straight back in or incline.I understand that the Monument Mine has such a large rim that it was similar to a shaft if you would call it a shaft mine.Which mine is this? The Monument mine. Monument Two?Uh huh.Well, Monument Two has some big rims in it, but it was only twenty, thirty feet of overburden, most of it. Of course they had a hundred foot face of ore down there at times and they just mined it, pillared it and then jerked the pillars. That's the way we mined when we mined the Look mine. The last ore body we took out up there was seven hundred and fifty feet long,DE:HS: DE: HS: DE: HS:20
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1about a hundred feet wide and about seven and eight feet in thickness, which was just sitting there. We took out probably about 25,000 tons of thirty hundredths in about a twelve month period which probably valued at $750,000, $800,000, but we've never mined--tried to jerk an ore bodylike that completely. Most people when they start pulling pillars, they shoot the back down and take the pressure off. We decided to do it a different way, and we've never done this before. I always was going to get some pictures of it because I thought it turned out real well. We were living up on North Elk, of course, there's a lot of longleaf pine, so we cut the dead longleaf pine down, just as big of pine trees as we could find, that you couldn't reach around. Then we had a way with a shuttle car and a loader we could put them in place. We decided to prop the whole mountain up, so we put those timbers in there, this big around in that mine and it held everything up, jerked everything. There was a ballroom down there 750 foot long and 100 foot wide when we got through, and I bet it's probably still standing, full of water, which I don't think too many people have ever21
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1tried before. I thought it worked real well, and we got those big trees in place and you couldn't shoot them out.DE: They did their job of shoring up then.HS: I think it was real, real good myself in that type of mine. I'd like to go find another orebody like that and do it again.DE: Now when you get through with such a mine as theLook Mine, do you sell this for cleanupoperations to other mining or ore haulers?HS: No, when we get through mining I don't think anybody else would mine it. Maybe a big company, I mean Union Carbide, when they get through mining their big ore bodies out, they give a cleanup to smaller contractors. We've never done that. We've mined mostly our own property. But when we get through with it I don't thinkthere's too much of a cleanup really left. I mean, because we do a big share of the main work ourselves. Of course, we hire guys at times like the guy that did mine, we hire quite a bit of it, but we do basically the drilling and the blasting or that type of--ourself. So we don't have any cleanup.SS: Before when we were talking about the dangers of 22
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1mines--the prill that you use in there instead of the dynamite, is that safer?HS: Oh, I think so in some ways. It's a lot better. You don't get near as many headaches. It's got more power, it's a lot cheaper and it's faster to load. Like John Black said the other day, "If I had to go back to loading with dynamite, I believe I'd quit."DE He's up there at the Happy Jack, right?HS: Yeah, yeah, he works on the Happy Jack. He used to mine with us at the Payday and such, years back, and then he started to own his own. He mined with us for quite a few years and thenstarted to mine himself--has done very well. I think John's a very good miner; those guys have done pretty well. He mined for Atlas. He already told you probably about the Happy Jack.SS: No, I think someone's planning to interview him, but I haven't heard the tape yet, so I don't know.DE: He may just possibly be on our list, but we don't know yet. I was wondering now if going back to your first mines, your prospecting here in Cottonwood, where did you take your ore at that time?23
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1HS: We shipped it to VCA in Durango or Naturitamostly.DE: That's a long way.HS: Yeah, that is 128 miles, and they hauled it onseven ton trucks, you know, in those days.SS: That's a lot of trapsing. Had that Blanding milldown there failed already by the time you--HS: I think it was really quite a failure to start with. I mean I can't see how it could be anything else because I know the tailings have been shipped since in there about 16 or 17 hundredths during the quarter, so they either had awful high grade ore or else it was afailure. Of course-- SS: Bad recovery?HS: Yeah. I think it was very bad recovery. Now we shipped to VCA mainly back then, like I say, Naturita, Durango, and Monticello. The AEC put their buying place in Monticello and we shipped to them as we shipped to TZ in Mexican Hat--andwe've never shipped to Atlas. Today, we've been shipping to Union Carbide ever since 1 62 or 3, maybe even '60. Since about 1960 we've shipped mainly I think to Union Carbide, and they have worked with us. Not as much today as when24
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1there's a bigger demand for uranium. They would actually drill for us and pay. If we found ore they'd take it back at fifty cents a pound for the uranium, and if we didn't find anything they'd take the loss to get the ore. They do that to quite a few people. They've done quite a bit with us and were pretty successful in doingit.DE: How about your experience with the AEC? Did youfind their policies a lot of help or--HS: Oh, well, let's put it this way, I think it's like politics. Whoever you know the best getsthe best, and it certainly worked that way with the AEC. I mean, I'm sure that some of the people there in Grand Junction that eat and drink together and go hunting and fishing together get a better break than we do. I know of some people that have got some good AEC leases over there [which have] made them very wel1-to-do on government, you know. They dril1 out a big ore body and give it to you for ten percent royalty. How can you miss? A lot of that has happened. They never did give us an AEC lease and really it was necessary, we felt they always abused us in that direction. We never25
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1felt we got a good fair shake when allotments came around as a lot of people. A lot of people got some big allotments. You take Kerr McGee down there, Senator Kerr. He got about anything he wanted. Strictly politics. The small individual this day and age in the United states has really got some problems, really, in small business as far as--the mining business, one of the big problems is you've got to rely strictly on a mill owned by a big company, and they're the ones that do the assaying.Coming back to assaying, did you ever have problems with blow sand?Blow sand?DE:HS: DE: HS:DE: HS:Uh huh.The only problem we ever had with blow sand was when the government put that buying place down by the Happy Jack and they dumped it out in the sand.That's what I was--Yeah, dumped it out in the sand. That's when we first started. We shipped the first ore down there from Payday when we first opened it.There's no question that it hurt some, but it never lasted too long. They did away with it.26
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1We've had a harder problem more from blow sand I think, just from--they tell me that mills--I don't--in the uranium how far they beat you, butI think it's a standard operating procedure in the metals, gold, silver, and hard rock metals to just automatically knock your values down and up your--oh they have certain--oh, I don't know just what you'd call it, inordinance, adverse to milling--but they dock you for it. I've heard people who have worked for big companies in that capacity that say there's an automatic process to knock the values and up the ones they dock you for, which I'm sure is still automatic. It seems today when we ship ore it may run five percent moisture. It seems to me like it's so dry that--I mean I'm sure it cost us probably an automatic two or three percent for moisture, which is a gross royalty you might say; we're paying the mill. At times it's awful hard to get a good assay.for it to run better, but over a period of years the person gets really used to ore and washes it and counts it with a counter and this and that.Is this because it has copper in it?DE:HS: Uh huh. Of course, no doubt miners always look27
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1He can tell reasonably close and at times he knows he's getting the shaft. As sure as I'mDE:HS:DE:HS: DE: HS:DE:HS:sitting here, I've been shafted.How do they go around to assay? Do they take a core sample out of the different places or-- Well, no, they used to hand sample, the VCA, but now it's run through an automatic crusher that takes an automatic sample.This is what I understand was the blow sand, they definitely with the automatic sampler had a harder time than if it would have been by hand. Taking the fines rather than the course?Uh huh.Well, this is supposed to be a good process they've got. The AEC is supposed to be looking out for us, and I'm sure they really are.I just wonder if some of their industrial engineers were responsible for this.Well,. I'd say that, let's face it, the mills are the ones that are going to make a profit regardless. The people that started American Smelting Refinining, SARCO, I can't think of their names, but it's a foreigner, this foreigner. He come over here and started mining and shipped some ore and when he saw what it ran28
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1he said, "Mining is not for me, I'm getting in the milling business," and he started the American Smelting and Refining.SS: I guess that was the business for him.HS: He decided that was the best place. No question about it. Like I said, I think that's the real problem for small miners today. We have to rely on mills and I really--although I think someday that especially uranium--that there's been a lotof improvements made in the milling area and I think there certainly will be a lot more because I think uranium generally is quite an easy mineral to mill and I think you could get quite cheap smaller mills. I really believe a good share of the uranium mills today are out-dated. I mean I really think they're obsolete. I think there really are better ways and will be a lot better ways and it's possible that some day a smaller individual, if he could get into a half million dollar mill, could either possibly do it himself or he could at least do it through a public operator of some sort and maybe mill himself if he had a good market. But your--when you start competing with big people that eat anddrink and play golf in the right circles, boy,29
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1 you've got your problems.DE: That's what I was going to ask you. Now you have the Producer's Association; you' re in the producers individually, independently, do you belong to this?HS:DE:HS:No, I don't know whether they do any good or not.I wondered if in the case, or in the event that the uranium market does increase, is it possible that they would put up their own mills in strategic points?I doubt it, because if they put up their own mills somebody would run it and pretty soon be in the same situation. You've got the human element there, and the human element looks out after himself usually farther than he should.I wondered how good their lobby was? Do theyDE:have a lobby?SS: I don't think so. I don't think they can affordone. Really, I mean they form these things when most of the miners are having a harder time, really can't afford it. Now, certainly uranium miners today, as a rule small miners or even the big ones too have got to be having a fairly hard time as far as what they used to. I can't30
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1believe that Atlas Minerals is making a great deal of money, and I don't think that Union Carbide is making a great deal off of uranium. I think they're making an awful lot off the vanadium. Actually [with] a lot of this ore they put vanadium as a byproduct, but I think theyshould put uranium as a byproduct, because look in the mine journal there and see where they get as high as four dollars a pound and such forvanadium after it's processed to the final stages, and we get anywhere from 31 to 37 cents, which has just been a raise in the last two weeks to that, and that's a long ways from 37 cents to four dollars a pound.DE: But with the increase in the use of, or the building of nuclear reactors and the constant use in the future with the stockpiling going down actually, isn't this a possibility that last year--HS: I think the future of uranium looks pretty good, you know. Like I said, it looks good really to who? I'm fairly optimistic, but I'd like to be realistic too, and certainly I think that uranium is a great source of energy and I thinkthe price could go ten, fifteen dollars a pound- 31
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1-I think it's possible, but still you have to ship to a company. And suppose, who do you ship to? The government's out of it and a company could find enough ore themselves, they're not going to buy yours. I mean that's really a problem. Because we have a product that has to go through a big company. We can't sell direct to Japan or somebody else.Can you explain that a little bit more?DE:HS: Well, I mean, the average uranium in this areaprobably has five pounds, in the Shinarump formation, five or six pounds of uranium per ton, and that's got to be milled into a yellow cake which you have to go through a big company [ for] . The Japanese people would probably buy the yellow cake or, say, Germany or somebody before they enrich it to the final stages that, as far as the ore goes, we have got to run it through a mi11. So we have to go through Union Carbide or Atlas or somebody, butwhat's to say that they won't just mill their own ore like Union Carbide's talking about now. So what does an individual do really? That's what I say, the government--I mean, I don't mind them getting out of it if it isn't a good thing,32
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1but I don't 1ike them to get out of it and we pay a lot of subsidy on farming and otherindustries and welfare and such, you know. I mean that kind of irks me, really. I mean I think welfare is necessary and maybe a certain amount in farming, but the richest ones take advantage of it, anybody in the area. The time the welfare gets to the people, at least in this neck of the woods out here, it goes for administration for some reason. They say it doesn't, but I think there was an article the other day that said that 50 percent of it went[there]. So--DE: In other words, only 50 percent gets to theultimate user.HS: The needy, and of course in your farm programs,I don't know, I'm not qualified to say, but [it's] just human nature: the richer ones are making more off the subsidy than the poorer ones are. No question about it--that's why they'rerich.DE: Now you really then--HS: I think there are problems in mining. You hearof so many reports of how great it is, but right today uranium mining from the standpoint of33.
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1straight uranium is the sorriest that I've ever known in my life. Frankly, because back in 1948, besides the AEC bonus, you were getting more for your uranium back in 1948, 20 years ago, then you are today. Of course, you have better mining methods. I think that we can mine, even with the higher costs in some areas, I think we can certainly mine today cheaper per ton than we could then, which is fine, but we really don't have a market, and you have to do quite a bit of work to hold your property. In the mining business you're either spending money or making money. You know, you can't hardly sit still. Itcosts quite a bit, you know, and therefore as near as I can tell--I've watched--there are not too many small producers in the business in this area. I think that there are probably only about three outfits that are even mining in this area in uranium.ss: That brings a question up. Are you still keeping up your assessments in the mines?HS: Yes.DE: How many do you still have today?HS: Great Scott. A thousand claims. We have quite afew.34
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1SS: What general areas are you--HS: Well, basically North Elk, Upper Cottonwoodcountry is where we've had our better ore bodies. We don't have too much in White Canyon anymore. We've pretty well sold out of that country and some in Cottonwood, and we have somein Colorado and--DE: Where in Colorado?HS: We have some along the Dolores River, someShinarump, one of the very few places the Shinarump outcrops north of Dove Creek on the Dolores River. That has vanadium and uranium in it. We have leased that at the present time to ASARCO--American Smelting and Refining. They did some work there and found some ore and presently, I guess, you might say they own it. We just retain the gross royalty.DE: Now are you keeping most of yours or are you leasing most of them?HS: Well, we keep them. Oh, we've ended up leasing. Yeah, we don't--oh, we do some leasing. We leased some to American Smelting and some people in Provo we leased some to, or kind of gave to with an overriding royalty. I don't know.ss: I'm particularly interested in the activity that 35
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1went on in White Canyon.HS: In the White Canyon area?SS: Uh huh. I wonder what you could tell. Did you doany of your early mining out there?HS: Well, the Hideout mine which I think is right to the head of White Canyon is pretty wellconsidered I think in White Canyon. We mined it, we pretty well started that mine; my father owned it. We found so much ore that Fennel Sitton ousted us. Actually, we should have--the mine should have been worth a million or so dollars to us, just the mining end of it if we could have kept it, but we got into the ore body and looked real good. He bought from my father and them, yes.ss: But I mean he had bought claims that were down in White Canyon.HS: He bought a big share of White Canyon. White Canyon was staked originally mainly by my dad, Seth Shumway and his brothers, A. , Harris and Lee, and they went down and staked theproperty in the '4Os, and VCA put a mill down there. The mill they put on the Colorado River was very unsuccessful. I think one of their big problems was the fact that they went by a geiger36
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1count on the ore instead of a chemical [like] a lot of people did. Down in that White Canyon area especially, on the surface your uranium is eroded, it leaves a radon gas which counts high and it won't assay. I think that caused them a lot of their problems down there, and so they weren't very successful and they had mined,shipped a lot of ore down there and never even got paid for it. They mined for a year, and VCA, the way they had it fixed, didn't come out either, and they really never made anything on it. So Fennel Sitton offered to buy it. So they sold you might say basically the best mines down there outside--oh there had been a few at that time--well they sold White Canyon One, which is a very good mine, and the Hideout mine and the WN mine, and let's see, one by the Happy Jack. I can't remember exactly the name of it. It was a good mine. They sold to Fennel Sitton for a couple hundred thousand dollars and never really knew what they were doing when they signed the deed. He had them sign a warranty deed. You can't warrant a claim, and so therefore he fixed it so that two or three of the claims went delinquent and then he took them to court and37
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1beat them out of fifty or a hundred thousand dollars of the money even at that. I'm sure he made millions off of it, which is one of the very few places I felt like I took very bad advantage of the man legally, which I guess in the laws of business you would say is legal. Well, was he a resident of Blanding?DE: HS: DE: HS:Dove Creek.Dove Creek.I think he was a millionaire that got his start, mainly, I think Radium Seven and some of the mines there, Slick Rock area. Then he moved into this area and made a lot of money off of it, put it into a corporation called White Canyon Uranium and then kept some of the mining rights on some of the best places, the Hideout and the WN which he gave to his son-in-law, which he's still mining. Robert Hancock is his son-in-law and he still mines the WN. But in that area down there, we kind of got out of our interests, but I've mined, found a claim down there some. I'vemined Uoricop which joins the Happy Jack and-- How do you spell that?I believe it's U-O-R-I-C-0-P is how you spell it--and did some mining down Red Canyon. ADE: HS:38
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 11i ttle bit on the Yankee Girl down by--let' s see, what's the name of that place? I can't think of what the name of it is.ss: When you were out there mining had the 1ittle community there of White Canyon started to develop?HS: No. We mined down there pretty well before any of that. Actually as we first went into that country there were no roads at all. I staked the, what they called Jacob's Chair, myself. I sluffed school one day and went down. I had to walk across White Canyon. The cowboys told me I couldn't make it across there. There was no place, but by walking several miles to get about a mile back and forth of White Canyon, I made it across there and went up and staked the CheeseBox claims when I was in high school, that was one of the main places I staked. They never did turn out too good. Of course, I think there are still some good possibilities. It really hasn't been tested out yet. I sold them at a later day, but our better mines, of course, the Sandy mine is probably, maybe, considered [one] in the White Canyon. It's right at the head of White Canyon, pretty close to the Hideout Mine. We39
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1started mining it, one of our very first places I think in the Shinarump that we made any money. Then we went from there to the Payday and we mined the Payday and the Look and the King Edwards and the King James and the Avalanche 13in the Upper Cottonwood area. [That] is where we've done more of our development work now. I think we drilled it last fall. We blocked out 30 or 40,000 tons of pretty good ore. That's what we would be mining today if we would sell it. I mean we could sell it, but not at a good price.SS: I was wondering why you sold some of these other ones--to get money to re-invest?HS: I sell or trade about anything myself. I'm known for that. Some of them were good deals and some weren't. We've sold a lot of property that people have made a lot of money on, it and that's fine. Sold a lot of property that was better for us. You know, anytime you're dabblingin the mining business you're gambling.DE: Do you suppose it was the reason Fennel Sitton was in there, gambling? He had some insight onthis.HS: Well, he had the money. The price for that typeof property was very cheap because that was very 40
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1good property. There were outcrops down there, very good ore, I mean. Of course, at that time there wasn't much Shinarump ore being mined, andit was a 1ittle gamble and !--anytime a guy plops down $150-300,000 is certainly gambling. I mean he gambled. I don't resent the millions that he made off the property. I felt that where he kind of hoodwinked them into signing, give a warranty deed and let a few claims go delinquent on purpose, especially when he ended up withsuch a good deal and he knew at the time--! thought was a little raw. But as far as making lots of money off of them, he gambled and come out good, and that's fine. I resented that, and I resented the fact that he kicked us out of the Hideout when we had lots of ore. We didn't have a good lease with him. It was one of the worst places in our lives that we were kicked out of. It would have been worth millions--and other places for VCA here in Cottonwood. We mined for VCA, my brothers out there for ten or fifteenyears and paying twenty percent gross royalty, which was high enough, and they would not give us a written lease, but they said you have it all your life if you want it, and then, of41
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1course, we found an awful lot of ore, where we were making so much money that he upped the royalty to a fantastic figure. Sometimes he'd go up as high as 75 percent gross royalty and, of course, if I knew what I know today I'd have had him in court before sunrise.DE: Well, didn't an oral contract count for anything?HS: An oral contract--I'd say that we had been mining for ten years would be just as binding you know, but back in those days we didn't fight it, you know, and they were some good ore bodies. We had some good ore, some dang good ore there in Cottonwood.SS: VCA was kind of famous for its oral contracts, wasn't it?HS: I think so. I think that--that's why I say I don't think anybody knows how much Monument Two had shipped off from it. We done the assaying. I know some of those loads went--well, Denny Vowles himself, he didn't make no bones about telling you. He'd come out and tell you he had two sets of assays. He showed us the wrong one, one day, he said, but he didn't make no bones about it. He didn't like it, what the heck.42
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY #1DE: Did you have any recourse?HS: No, there was really nothing we could do. Ofcourse today, like I say, if I knew what I do today, it would be a different situation, we wouldn't put-up with that kind of nonsense. But I figure that the Hideout probably cost us at least a million dollars minimum, and I'd say out here in Cottonwood probably cost us at least half a million, million dollars as far as bad contracts. I figured it would be within--oh, I think--like I say, I've got no complaints in the mining business myself personally, because it's treated me very good, and I've really enjoyed mining. I mean, someday I may quit mining. I don't know as far as the actual mining of it. I actually mine now and I still enjoy a good vein of ore. High grade enthuses me about as much asit ever did, not really just for the moneyeither. There's something about it.DE: Did you--other than going out with your fatherand your other relatives--have any specialtraining at all?HS: Special training?DE: In geology or learning the techniques?HS: No, no. I never really--most everything we43
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1learned was from experience you might say. Of course, now I read quite a bit and try to keep up on certain things. I read lots more than I ever used to, and like I say, if I went to school now I think I might learn something.ss: Well, the four Shumway brothers, I mean your father and his three brothers, at the time they were staking the Shinarump they seemed to know a whole lot more about where to find uranium than the geologists did.HS: Well, I think that at that time they did very well. Of course, most of them never did much mining. They staked their claims and sold them and haven't done much mining. Us guys have done by far more mining than any of them, and, of course, Uncle A's boys, DeVarr has done lots of mining too, Gary's brother. He lives in Colorado now. He started mining out here in Cottonwood quite young and he's been pretty successful and has done an awful lot of mining. We've done a lot of mining as far as our family, and I don't think others have done really too much, really. There have been quite a few of us [that have] done some.[END OF S I D E ONE OF T A P E ] 44
 [ T H I S I S THE CONTINUA TION OF AN INTER VIEW WITH HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY CONDUCTED BY DOROTHY ERICK AND SUZANNE S I M O N I N B L A N D I N G , U T A H ON J U L Y 2 3 , 1 9 7 0 F O R T H E U T A H URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]HS: Dick Shumway did quite a bit and Leland did some. Oh, gosh, relatives--seems like the Shumways, it kind of gets in their blood, I guess, mining, to a certain degree--a lot of them, you know, [are] relatives in Moab mines. I don't know if it's out of necessity or desire.DE: So it had to pass from one generation to the next?HS: Well, sort of. Like I said before, my father never did much mining. People [are] always saying I guess, "You used to mine it, you or your dad, this and that and such," but that's really not so. My dad's never done hardly any mining and us guys have pretty well done it.SS: They were the early prospectors.HS: Yeah, they were, they've staked places and sold them. DE: That's what I'm referring to, the idea of going intothe canyons and finding the ore and seeing it, as inyour generation mining.HS: Well, when we first started, of course, we looked foroutcrops with a counter and we'd find them in Shinarump channels, mainly the Shinarump and Morrison too comes in channels. Of course we knew those45
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1channels were there and knew what a channel was back in the '4Os. It was only three years ago that the head geologist for Union Carbide was out here and one of them made the mistake of mentioning the channel and the geologist says, "Don't tell those guys that ore comes in that. Don't mention things like that to them." {laugh)DE: Was this Jenkins by any chance? Whose geologist was this from Union Carbide?HS: Jim Hastings was the head geologist for Union Carbide and his boss is the one that told him not to mention it, a channel to us, it might--you know, as far as that goes.SS: {laugh) A big tip off.HS: It was only about twenty years that we really--yeah,I think as far as finding it in the Shinarump forming channels I think that my uncles pretty well knew what they were doing. Of course, I started prospecting a little with them and I had done it myself. I knew what a channel was and how to prospect pretty well when I was sixteen years old. I had done quite a bit of it and I found quite a few places. My olderbrother, Burdette, used to do a lot of prospecting, the one that was killed, and he found the Payday and some of the better mines. Of course you had to walk a46
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1long ways, but it wasn't nothing really to walk 20, 30 miles, 40 in a day in really quite rough country, but the big mistake that we made is they'd tell us that you've got to have an outcrop of ore on eachindividual claim [because] the law still reads somewhat that way. So we'd go stake two or three claims where we should have staked, oh, carry over.DE: ---?---HS: Yeah, but of course a lot of the ore bodies werefound by drilling. Of course drilling was supposedly still the better way to find ore, which we do quite a bit of today. We have a geologist that we work mainly with named John Herryn, and he was at Union Carbide for about ten years and then he quit them and worked with us. I think a geology, a trained geologist can be a very--I used to not believe in them too much, but I believe a good geologist--there are good ones and bad ones and the good geologist is very good. I think [when] a person that's been in mines and mined a lot works with a geologist, they can do a very good job. I think two of them can do a very good job. Certainly, myself, I'm sold on geology, whether you go to school to learn it or not, or knowledge of it, I say. No question about that. I don't think you have to get it all out of school, but that's one of the47
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1 best places to get it.DE: HS: DE: HS: DE: HS:DE:HS: DE: HS:What was your geologist's name?John Herryn.How do you spell his name?H-e-r-r-y-n. He lives in Monticello.That sounds like an Indian name.He's from California, Switzerland I believe at onetime. He's a bachelor, about 45 years old. He's a good geologist. I have lots of confidence in him.Now you've used a geologist and you were telling about your equipment. Would you 1ike to tell us a little bit more about the use of your equipment? Mining equipment?Yes.Well, I think that mining equipment today is geared to just how good of a mine you've got, you know. I think that if your mine is just fair there are certain types of equipment you've got to use. If a person had, say, a $20,000,000 ore body, we would no doubt sell our equipment and go after a better type.Although we use Young built shuttle cars which, is a diesel underground self-powered dump truck you might say, that holds about four or five tons, and we use use them and front end load it ourselves, front end loaders we like best. We use Massey Ferguson front48
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1end loaders, and of course outside of your compressor and your drilling equipment which we use Cleman type hammers we 1ike best. Other than that why that ' s about really basically all it takes besides yourfans. You've got to have a lot more ventilation at times it seems like, not only through the government requirements on radon gas, but you get underground farther and you smoke your equipment and certainly you've got to have more ventilation, which we prefer electric, so we usually run them off one--right now mining we use a 50 kw generator and run about six fans off from it that blow air through the eight to fifteen inch holes from on top into the mine, alwaysall the time going on.DE: I've heard things about the use of ventilation andthe use of some of those particular safety requirements. Do you feel that this is really justifiable?HS: Well, I think it's like anything else. I think that somebody sitting behind a desk can put that down so low that sure it might be better, but any business you're in has got a certain amount of risk andproblems and they try to make it to where, you know, there are no fatalities in any direction in mining. It's pretty dang tough to do in coal mining. I'm sure49
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1they've giving them fits, you know, and I think it's a good thing. Certainly I raise a lot of dust and diesel smoke in my life, and I'm sure it hasn't been good for me and I try, we try to do a better job today. Like I say, you've got to gear it, [if] you had a 20 million dollars mine, you could afford a hundred thousand, two hundred thousand dollars worth of equipment, the very best and the latest to do it. But if you haven't got that kind of a mine you can't,I mean it's easy for government to put these standards because most of those that make those standards never had to worry about expense, you know. I think that's a real problem. I mean, you can see a government operation and what's $20,000 here, $20,000 there? I mean, that's nothing. If the people that were in those operations had to make that $20,000 after taxes it would be a different ball game. I think they're imposing pretty rigid requirements on mining people, especially in coal right now, and people in the mills as far as smog and such. I mean it's nice to be around automobiles and not to have a few people do your farming and a few people do all of our services for us. We think that's great, but if they make any smoke we cry to high heaven. I think they'd better give these people time enough to change50
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1over.DE: It seems to me they have, for the number of peopleconcerned had a lot more to do about it then they have with the millions of people they've concerned with smog as you just mentioned.HS: Yeah, I mean we have a nephew that went up to the LDS Church, went on a mission to England. He's in the Service now and we had him out here mining and he's really not a very--you know, we wear a fielder ourselves at times now, but he told me when he got over there in England, he says, he wasn't joking, he says it was a lot worse than in that mine over there you know, but even then you can't change all these things overnight and I don't think you should expect these companies overnight to, I think the companies are having a hard enough time with taxes and bad business right now without imposing a lot of expense, you know. I mean you do it by 30 days or we're going to fine you. I don't know what, after all, the mills and the mines and the farms and things are what makes it so 80 percent of us live and do the things for entertainment you might say, for luxury things.SS: Is it possible that they could, since they demand all these requirements that they would have to, that they would furnish them?51
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1DE: Anytime the government starts furnishing anything itcosts too much money. They can't even--SS: Do you mean a $25 operation would become 40?DE: Well, I'll tell you a pretty good example, out herewhere we're mining, the people down here at the Army run out of water, you know. They have people hired to wet down the grounds down there, so it won't get dusty in their eyes I guess, which to me is very ridiculous, but anyway they come to us, the government, we have this mine out there that has a lot of water in it. I said, "Yeah, go ahead if you want some water," and I figured, I mean I could send a kid out there with a pump and pump them some water. So what does the government do, they had a patrol, a dozer, a big semi, and a pump mounted and about three bosses and about five men. Now that's been a government operation out there to get some water. It must be costing the government a fortune. Now if we run our business that way, great Scott! That was one of our big problems, the people that administer things, the people that are over here that are in the work really are not in good communication. They don't know our problems, I really believe. Of course maybe they don't really care to, but I think that some of us are spending more money than the others can make.52
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1I think that we are. Of course I'm getting out of our mining area now, but I have a very strong feeling that we're in very deep trouble.Well, this all has a relevancy though with the mining area.You bet.But beyonc, before the equipment that you use in the mines, we were discussing before we taped about the geiger counters. I was wondering if you ever used theSS:DE: ss:HS:airplanes to do any of your research?Oh, we flew to a few places down here. We, one of my brother-in-laws had a 180 down here that they'd fly. We've done a little prospecting from the air you might say, but I don't know. I don't think it's been too successful. I think you could fly over a real good mine and you don't pick up too much. I think if you have a helicopter and the very best equipment and really went in to it that you might do a pretty goodjob, but I think just flying if you--I don't know, things have been prospected. The best way to prospect now I think is a drill rig--in this area.Uh huh. I was thinking back in the boom days--did you use the airplane at all?No, walk.T ell us about your early geiger counters andDE:HS: SS:53
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1 different equipment.DE: Well, the first, I was going to tell you once before. The first geiger counter we ever had I paid $47 for it on the Montogomery Ward or Sears, and [went] up by the Look mine (called the Karl mine, which sits right by it), there's pretty hot ore on an outcrop there and it counted a lot more than it ran although the first load we shipped out of there ran once a quarter uranium, which is unbelievably high for uranium in this area. I know the truck was coming in out here about ten miles and I stopped it on the other side of Big Canyon and Brushy Basin. I stopped it and put this little buzz box on it, all it is is earphones and buzz. I put it on that ore and it went so crazy that ever since then all it did was buzz.(laugh) It never worked after that. Just ruined it. DE: Blew the whole thing, huh?HS: Every time I tried putting that on [it was] just likestatic, it just buzzed. Never could do it. That was the first one we used, and then we went to these Lucky Strikes. Basically we've been using them with precision Lucky Strikes ever since. In a mine we use a probe of that type, but we haven't used, you might say, a great deal of counters. Really by looking at ore you can pretty well tell actually, if you're used54
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1to them, especially the type in Cottonwood that has vanadium. So we don't use too many counters. We use a probe a l i ttle bit now, and one like that if I maybe go look i n a mine somepl ace and count it.DE: HS:DE: HS: DE:HS:I understand they're rather touchy though.Well, they've been pretty good. They're really not too bad, but a Eureko probe is pretty good f or quit ea while and then they get kind of touchy it seems like, quite expensive to keep up.I understand that any moisture can cause a problem.A little moisture does cause some problem.Well, if you're in a mine, do you use your geiger counter at all to go around to see where you--?Well, by looking I can usually tell. I use a counter a little bit, but basically by looking. We use it some, when I drill. If I'm in a good mine I don't need to use it at all, you know. If you're in a marginal place, then you use it some, a probe, but if I'm in a good mine I don't---?--- and Payday or the Look or some of those mines I don't need a counter. I just go in and shoot it down and haul it out.Well, now you said you go in and shoot it down. Do you hire anybody else? I understood that some places they have someone spray a can of paint in the area they want shot down.SS:55
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1HS:We never do. Some of the guys, they may do it. I do most of the drilling myself and have done for years. When I do it myself I don't need a can of spray paint. If you're in a marginal place like I say, when using a probe and such it's very helpful, but ifyou're in a good mine, and it seems to me like when you've got ore you've got lots of ore; when you don't it's hard to find. I mean ore bodies, and when you're in an ore body you've got ore in about every direction. When you're out of it you can hardly find it. So--I just have a few personal things. Now if I get too personal you'll have to say so. I'm really not trying to be nosy, I'm just trying to lay a background of the prospector and miner. I was just wondering how your family felt about you going into this kind of business.When I was young?Uh huh.Oh, there are so many in my family I don't know whether they missed me. I don't think, I think it was more or less like I say in our family it was more kind of a way of life. When I was real young and was mining out there by myself I think it bothered them some, but I was always, when I was young I alwaysDE:HS: DE: HS:56
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY #1pretty well did what I wanted, went where I wanted, and they real ly just, they pretty well never controlled me at all. I mean, I made my own way sinceI was probably 11 or 12 years old. I liked to work and I liked to make money. We was raised poor. I mean not real poor, you might say, but everybody was quite poor it seemed 1ike in those days. Coming from a family of 12, you know, I think that it does have some values really. Just as far as getting out and going after something yourself, I think being raised poor to a certain extent makes a person want to go, work harder. It seems to me 1ike just about every generation, if you're not careful you make a lot of money, and my kids may not have to do anything. It may be bad for them, because I really think a person, especially a man--I don't know if a woman, but I think a man's work is really one of the very top things in his life. I think it's very important, not really just from the money standpoint. I think that a person's profession or what he does is really important, and that's one thing that's been quite frustrating to me in a way. I spent 20 years in the mining business, and all of a sudden whether you have a market or not is quite frustrating. If I knew, Imean I'd go find something else, if I didn't figure 57
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1uranium mining would get good, if I just knew. I mean there are a lot of things I like to do. I like to dabble in real estate and things here and there that I've dabbled in my spare time, and I like to mine, I like the mining business. A person hates to spend 20 years and throw something away, you know, his knowledge in it. But as far as family goes, my mother, she's always said, "I wish you'd get out of those mines," to all of us, you know. Especially when the one brother was killed and Merwin [was injured], but I always tell her that the mines have been good to us, you know, I mean I don't know. What is there that isn't dangerous?DE: How long would you stay out at a time?HS: Stay out of the mine?DE: No, stay--when you'd leave and go to your prospectingand to your mines, how long would you stay there?HS: Well, lately we don't stay very often, not since I've been married. I don't camp out as much. I was marriedwhen I was 29 I guess. When I was mining the Payday I'd go up, sometimes I'd stay all week. Sometimes I wouldn't, but it wasn't too far often, I used to just live up there on North Elk. It's a real pretty country and there's lots of buckskin, no game wardens, and I quite enjoyed it. But I'd come in once58
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1or twice a week actually.DE: You set up your own camp then?HS: Yeah. We still have--we built a pretty nice cabin outthere. Some of the places we lived in when we were mining weren't the very best. Oh, we'd have a trailer house we built. We built one big old place. We had quite a few guys working up there. It got to where we were shooting spiders off the walls with our guns or about anything. We finally got holes. We have a pretty nice cabin up there now that we built when we mined the Look and Cinder Block fireplace. We'd go up there and mine. At least we got a cabin up to enjoy and--assessment and such. Oh, I liked to camp out in that country. Down in White Canyon was different. I don't know it down there. It's hot and miserable and cold. Of course up here, the elevation up North Elk country is about 8,000 feet and so we didn't mine the winter. One winter we mined all winter up there.DE: This was on Elk Mountain?SS: Did you get snowed in?HS: There was quite a bit of snow, we didn't get snowedin, but I'd only see the sun about that far. It was on the north slopes and wasn't too great. So I guess the question you asked me is how my folks felt?DE: Well, I just wondered really, really how it affected 59
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1your life. Now one thing, you said you married late in life. Is this because of the--you know, you spent most of your time out prospecting and mining?HS: I always figured if someone was crazy enough to marry me, I wouldn't them; they were too crazy.DE: Actually your mining or your occupations didn't figure into this?HS: Ohno.Icametotownalot.Iusedtohavetocome to town to play ball. I used to play ball quite a bit. Sometimes when I was mining down there to drive, see, when I was mining I was playing ball; I was mining down at the Sandy and the Hideout. That was about 50 miles. I'd drive in just to practice. It got quite 'tiresome; I played quite a lot of basketball when I was in my 20s for the church team. We took the All-Church. We had a good team. We played, we really meant business, and we practiced a lot and we played for about ten years. We had a good enough team thatwe beat most of the junior colleges, that caliber. SoI came back in quite a bit to civilization.ss: I was wondering--HS: And trade cars, I used to trade a lot of cars. Thatwas one of my--I used to trade as high as, I think one year I owned as high as about ten cars, Lincolns, Cadillacs, and such, just as a hobby.60
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1DE: Now this is at various times throughout the year?HS: Yeah, so many that they came after me and made metake out a license for a dealer. So I don't do that anymore. Back in those days I used to take cars and keep in new ones, and you'd never have to buy tires and it didn't cost me nothing. I'd drive five or six, seven eight cars a year and I'd--I knew how to buy them, to do it free you might say. That was kind of one of my hobbies that I--but I can't do it anymore in fact. Times have changed. So I don't live out in the mountains completely. I really don't like to campout over about--mining is, if you've really got good facilities it's not so bad, but it's awful dirty. We prefer to come to town two or three days, and it's a lot better, really, I think. I always liked [it], the hired men always liked [it]. Some people have them go stay a week at a time, but I really didn't. I figured a person come to town at least twice a week, and if he wants to go do something, you know, he cleaned up better and would do around the mine--I think he does a better job and will work harder. I know I do. A person gets pretty lonely out there after a fewdays. Misses a lot of big bucks.DE: Well, your town has changed then considerably sincethe boom time.61
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1HS: You know, well, I think there are more people heretoday than there were when the boom--I think there are more people in town today than there have ever been in the history of Blanding, personally.DE: Are these the people that came during the boom and stayed though?HS: No, I think the welfare's brought most of them. I think that Navajos and the welfare and the oil. Of course the oil was kind o~ during the boom. The oil and the uranium is kind of together and Blanding was doing pretty well, but it's really never hurt. Like Charley Redd says--he's a multi-millionaire and lives over in La Sal. He says, "I don't see how you people down there build so many nice homes and do so much of nothing." Blanding to me has been kind of an amazing town because it seemes 1ike nothing great goes on, yet people seem to do pretty good. Farming's got to be kind of lousy because it isn't really good farming country. The oil's helped and the mining has helped. It's slow now. Since it's got slow the welfare has come in leaps and bounds and seems like it does pretty good, but I see more people today in Blanding than there ever have been. There's by far more in the schools. The schools we have have so many Navajos that they bring in. I say the school classes are62
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1maybe three times as high as many students as when I went to school. Actually I think when I graduatedDE:HS:DE: HS:DE: HS: DE:HS:from high school there were about 28 in the senior class and I think now there will probably be 75 or 8O. I don't know exactly, but quite a few, maybe more. So--I have another question here--the people who came for the uranium, you know, anywhere in the '40s and through the '50s: how many of them really did stay though?Oh, there's a half dozen I can think of. Not a great deal.Did you meet those who came just for that--?I met all kinds of people, promoters from every direction. I used to have quite a bit of fun with them.Did you get involved with any of the uranium stocks? Oh, I got involved with lots of it.Could you tell us a little about your stock involvement?Well, I don't even know where, but there were people back in the boom that would come to you and--of course I was pretty young--I was 21 or 22, but I had more people--they'd call you and want you to do business with them. People were really pretty hog63
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1wild and I had, I remember one instance we had--SS: Wait just a minute before you tell that.DE: We were talking about the uranium boom with thestocks and what your involvement happened to be.HS: Why, there's a guy named Jay Bellers who was quite [as well] known a promoter I guess as anywhere from Wallace, Idaho, I'd say, to New York. He used to comedown here. He divorced one wife after another. I caught him just as--his one wife was suing him for divorce. He borrowed two thousand dollars from me and never did pay it back. I was dealing with him. He's the one that would come down to Sunshine. The Sunshine mining people out of Coeur d'Alene actually bought this Ransom property up here and they sent a man down here to mine it. He never really had any experience in mining uranium. Of course, they had had no experience and they really didn't do too good a job in some ways, I didn't figure. Anyway, we mined quite a bit of ore after they left. Anyway, he was quite the old promoter. I know I spent two nights and two days with him down here in this motel and he faked heartaches. He was really quite a guy, Jay Bellers was, but he made some pretty good sized deals. He's the one that dealt for Sunshine and he had some bunch of corporations that bought a lot of64
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1property down here that I know I had some stock in. He gave me some stock for the money he owed me just as such, but it never was worth anything, although Isold it last year for a pretty good chunk of money when they, you know, all these shells started getting a play. So I came out pretty well on it, but I don't know. I had--people seemed like from all over the country would come to you in the uranium business.People were really frantic in a way. It was just they weren't using good sense and they would--I know I had some people that had some property down here in Montezuma that wasn't considered very good property, but they wanted it. They carted me over there in a cafe. I wasn't very old, about 22 years old, and went along with my dad. He told me I'd have over $20,000. I said, "What for?" They just kept talking and talking. They gave me $40,000 dollars for it and it really wasn't worth very much, but I mean I'd say it was--oh, I wouldn't have given five thousand dollars for it myself you might say, something like that. But they went way out of bounds. Of course they weren't using their money. They was using the public's money. They was spending money right and left and there was a lot more money stuck in theground, you know, than was taken out I think. Oh, 65
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1there were some real people. I stacked claims for jeeps and for pickups and stock or money. I had a lot of fun. In fact, I spent one year rather than mining, I spent one year just kind of halfway in promotion, I'd say. I did really really good. I still do a little.SS: Some of the big companies in order to make up their deals had to have some--I mean they were in the market for goat pasture, weren't they, to make up their--?HS: Yeah, really the Securities commission brought a lot of that on theirselves. See, we formed one corporation one time, [we were] involved in one for stock, and I know we spent some time with the Securities Commission. We'd say, "Well, let's take a good piece of property and put it in." They'd allow you so much. They'd say, "We won't allow you, we'll allow you five hundred dollars a claim; we don't care what it is. We won't allow you any more for goodproperty or for bad," and that's their feeling. That was actually the Security Commission's, what they told us. So they really brought a lot of the goat pasture business on themselves. Boy, I mean there's been some real stuff staked. I know some of it's-- well, I don't sell them. I know a lot of country that66
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY #1was staked that wasn't anywhere near a formation that was put in a lot of these companies. It seems like the people--! can imagine what the Gold Rush was inCalifornia. People just don't use good sense, when there are valuable minerals involved, you know. They got greedy I think--! don't know what it is--human nature--try to get rich quick.DE: What was your company?HS: Well, we formed one. We formed the Shumway Uraniumand we started in the mining business with some people. It was really quite a failure. To start with we never put anything very good in it, really. We wanted to form one and it went out of bounds. I mean people started going frantic to buy that stock, and some of the promoters would tell them, you know, things that I never did like to do because I knew they weren't true to a certain extent. People started phoning us up wanting to buy. It went from a dollar to seven dollars just like that and they were phoning us from al1 over the country trying to buy it. Of course we didn't sell. We couldn't usually. Ours was escrow stock, and then later on, a lot of poeple from New York, they stuck a lot of money in and drilled some oil wells that weren't good. So, it's really a shell you might say today. We went through really67
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1quite a bit of money and the only mining was done--we had the one Sandy Mine down here and we sold it and it turned out pretty good after we sold it. Actually those people found quite a bit of ore after we sold it. Oh, let's see. A guy from Minnesota actually ended up, North Range, North West Range or some name. Grant Shumway and Doug Davis were involved--just a couple of guys from this area, they were involved with some people from up in Minnesota--Wisconsin I guess it was. They took out a pretty good ore body right after we sold it. We sold a lot of good mines since then. It turned out real good. It goes to show you just because you're in the business you can't get out over about an inch. You're going to have to ask me some questions.Do you still have Shumway Uranium Stock Company?DE:HS: I have some of the stock. It's a defunct company.Really it's just a shel1, although we're in the process of forming another--some poeple in Idaho want--we basically are forming one now on more of a basis when we went into it to develop with. Uranium's quite slack, so we've decided to develop it. We've put some of our very best property in this corporation on the basis that they would give us a certain amount of money--we'd develop with it and68
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1then pay them a gross royalty. That way they--I think that one of the biggest problems most of the small companies had with uranium is unless you're--uraniumreally is a smaller scale type mining I think than most mining. Unless you've got some pretty good-- corporations really can't--well it costs them too much money to get started or do anything, you know. They start out with $250,000 and it seems like itjust ends up going down the drain. So this time we decided to do it from a different approach, and it really hadn't turned out too good; we really haven't sold too much of the stock. We're still in the process of sel1ing it, but we've put some of our best--Ransom property in it. We give them a 15% gross royalty and they do a certain amount of drilling, [which] is what we're really after. They gave a certain amount of money last year. We drilled about 23,000 feet of drilling last fall and we did a pretty successful [job]. We did get some pretty good ore. So I don't know. I'm not really--these public companies really incorporating. I'm a not a great fan of this really. I mean, in some respects because it's just a legalized gambling. Most of thebrokers in a deal like that are not concerned really, [they don't] have anything good at all. They're just69
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1concerned with how high the stock can be pushed and sold. I really believe that there is a room for small companies in uranium. If uranium happened to get good, they could really do something. I think they could get big enough to build a mill, it would be one way of having a vehicle you might say, to build a mill, because if you could find enough reserves through the public you could raise any amount of money. If you had a good thing--I think it could be a very good thing if it's used right. But it seemed to me like the brokers get carried away.You feel they get caught up in the fever?Be caught up in a fever--me?No, I mean brokers and the public.Caught up in a fever with dollar signs now.Where was the stock marketed though? I mean was it on the public exchange?Yeah.Yours that you're doing now?No, the one that we're still firing up?Yes.It's incorporated in the state of Idaho. There aresome people that own the Coeur d'Alene.DE: That's a rather rich area.HS: Yeah. And the Silver Pickle, we've associated withDE: HS: DE: HS: DE:HS: DE: HS: DE:HS:70
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1them when we had the Ransom. They knew this property out here and he wanted to form a corporation, this attorney named Piet Home, and so we told him that we'd put such and such a property in it and they'd give us such and such dollars to develop it. That's kind of what we have done it for is to develop the property while uranium is quite slow. If they stillloan us quite a large sum of money we have to guarantee to do quite a bit of development work with the money. I think if they can raise the money that we'll find a lot of ore. In the long run, we pay them a gross royalty. I figure that a company like that can get a gross royalty, at least its profit. You know they shouldn't have any expense. I think they would have a better chance of succeeding that way then they would doing it themselves, you know. I think it gives us an greater incentive, expenses are ours, they get fifteen percent off the top, you know. Where if you it seems 1ike a company, you're got management and it takes a lot of money and this and that. We were trying to get away from that. If we find some pretty good reserves (we have some to start with), and it looks real good, I figure that a small company could work its way just right and find a real large deposit and then they could turn into a big71
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1company. I think it's possible, very possible.DE:HS:Well, I was wondering about selling of this stock. Right now it's almost closed then.Well, it's pretty hard to sell it. We sold, oh 25 percent of it, I guess, and we took it off the market and we're redoing some of the items. We were having a stockholder's meeting. I just got a thing on it today, we're having a stockholder's meeting up in Seattle, Spokane, and then we're going to try and start selling again. We're redoing some of them. It's pretty touchy right now, the market and such. Everybody's trying to raise money. So I think most of them had better meet it.I was wondering about--Better meet it or else, frankly.I was wondering about the payment of dividends, etcetera.Well, I don't think that a small mining company can even think of or should think of dividends myself. I think they'11 take the money and put it into the right kind of development work and look for something big. There's a small company that could ever find onebig deposit or something, you know that's how a few of the big ones have been started. Then people would really make something out of it. I think that it'sDE: HS: DE:HS:72
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1very possible, I think frankly that I could, being around a lot of these larger companies, it costs them a lot more money for development work by far than it does us. I could take John Herryn who's a good geologist and go buy a bulldozer and drill a rig andassess it ourselves and do it for say 30 percent of what a big company [would]. Of course , t hey do i t on tax dollars, but I've watched some of them. Like American Smelting--they just dropped about a million dollars here drilling and we talked to them about it. I knew some of the people in it. Man alive, I know that we could have done the same amount of drilling for a fraction of what it really cost them. So, I think it's very possible, especially in uranium for small companies--if it is done right, you know--to maybe really get a good start, but most, these corporations have a pretty hard time doing anything in the mining business and always will probably. Of course most of it is just promotional I guess.DE: You have found it more to an advantage to have several claims or quite a few claims in one area and within a certain radius for, I don't know how to put that--?HS: Assessment work?DE: Not only assessment work, but there in minimiz i ng73
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1 your expenses.HS: Well, yeah, but let's put it this way. I'd rather have one good claim then a thousand sorry ones, and I think mining claims are either a 1iability or an asset, and the sooner you find out which one it is the better off you are. We're holding a lot of claims that I frankly think in some ways we'd be wiser to dump, you know. That's what big companies kind of do. They want everything, and they figure it's no good unless it has such huge blocks. But you take something like Monument Two or, down there probably using one small claim, you know, and I don't necessarily believe that way myself. I think that a lot of times too much property you can hold is a liability myself. So we really don't hold it that way. I mean it's within a radius of a hundred miles[of where] we 1ive here, and assessment work and everything is really not too hard for us. That's not really the biggest problem. As far as holding it, that is when we do it ourself and have equipment to do it with. And all you outs you work you might say, why it's not bad.DE: I was just thinking of avoidance of nuisance claims and jumping of claims.HS: Well, if a person's in a good area and he's doing a 74
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1lot of development work, it's a lot nicer certainly to have adjoining property because you never know-- 1ike I said, it's hard to see underground very far and you never know when a sorry area can turn real good. I've seen some do that and I know there are some areas that I thought were very sorry that have turned out pretty good.DE: One that I was considering was the Charlie Steen, Mi Vida Mine, and some that he had--HS: My dad and them had that staked years back before old Charlie did, and really there was little outcrop showing there and, of course, Charlie Steen near as I can understand really never found that. Charlie got a lot of publicity out of it and such. I know that something, I think he was working on an oil rig and they drilled through really ---?---- and he never figured it out. He never figured it out. Pick never floated down the Dirty Devil on a raft eating lizards to find the Hidden Splendor.DE: He made a good story.HS: He knew an AEC man.DE: That's what we found--HS: He knew an AEC man, and I know some people he tooksome property right up here from that knew an AEC man. He told me that's how he staked it. The AEC told75
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1him, some of the claims down here are AEC men. The AEC played quite a role in a few favor--they used some personal advantages there, by far.Are you referring to this man Blake?Chat Blake?DE: HS: DE: HS:Chat Blake.Well, I don't know too much about that. I understand that maybe Ryan and some of them down there that werefound at that time, I'm sure that the AEC, some of the guys down there--and personal loose and some things went on--no question about that. I don't know. Of course, I'd rather see some local guys involved in it than the government just turn it over to some big company for nothing anyway, really. I'm sure a lot of that went on. I think that, well Pick, I think an AEC guy showed Pick where that mine was. He wrote a big story on how he floated down the Dirty Devil eating lizards and this and that and such.Isn't that the story that was in Life Magazine?Yeah, I think so. It was kind of a farce really. Nobody eats lizards anyway.Maybe he was off to get some royalty or--Real hungry. I think I've been as hungry as most people in the '50s out in that country, and I sureDE: HS:DE: HS:won't eat lizards.76
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY #1DE: Well, I think we've a--SS:DE:HS: DE: HS:DE:I've got another question.I think we could probably go into some more questions but I imagine you have a big day tomorrow.No, I ain't doing nothing. What's tomorrow? Tomorrow's the--your holiday. [Pioneer Day.]No, I haven't got much to do really. I don't know what areas, you know, we've talked about everything from----from the beginning to the end right now, but there will probably be something that some of the rest of them, that are in a group project will listen to, and it's just possible that they will want to ask some other questions.Why are they really doing this?So that in--for posterity's sake really.So that years later they'll know directly fromindividuals in certain areas what went on?Right. So we won't get fairy tales, so to speak. So that we got some kind of a true historical aspect of what really went on.So that we got a little more than what has been covered by the courthouse dust for 50 years before they get around to writing it.Or that they hazard a guess, just as we are nowHS: DE: HS:DE:ss:DE:77
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY #1hazarding a guess about some of the things like these Indian relics that you've seen.HS: Yeah, I'd like to go back and I'd like to listen to what some of those old fellows had to say.DE: Right, right. They didn't write journals; they didn't write diaries. Now when this white man came along, and wrote his diary and his journals and letters, we did have something to go on. But today with the mass communication, technological advances, we have turned now to the oral history project so that it can be done on tape which will be transcribed and which you will have a chance to edit and if there are any additions or if there are any errors or if there are any misspelled names--I know I had a few names here that I was going to ask you about. I think the man's name was Bellers.HS: Jay Bellers.DE: Was it B-i--?HS: B-e I believe. B-e-1-1-e-r-s. I've got a back checksomeplace. I could look.DE: That one you would remember, right?HS: He's quite a promoter. I'll say one thing about oldJay. He's known all over the country, but he was dealing in big money. I know I had--I was getting a pretty large chunk of money out of the deal if it78
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1went through and my portion of it really went through. I didn't get any money out of it. But he was wheeling and dealing. I know Ray Ransom was a fellow, he came up from New Mexico, never mined in his life. He came up here and wanted to get some property, getin the business. He came up here and my dad and them leased them that country up there and he went up there and found a lot of ore right to start with right on the outside and ended up mining a lot of money out of there and he turned around and sold it. I think they gave him a half million dollars and a royalty when he sold it to them. He sold it for half a million dollars and kept 20 percent royalty on most of the property. Before he left here I bought that property from him for $11,000. The same property.ss: Where did he go from here?HS: We mined it. We still have it.SS: Is it Jay or Ray?HS: Ray Ransom.ss: Ransom. Where did he go from here?HS: He's back down in New Mexico raising grapefruits. He writes me every Christmas. Keeps track of what's going on. But he came up here; made himself a million dollars and went back. He didn't know nothing aboutmining, but he was a pretty good operator, pretty 79
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1smart fellow and he had a certain amount of luck, but you know, he's really done pretty well. He's one guy that moved in and out and did real well. When he left I bought him out pretty cheap. I don't know why he sold to me that cheap. I talked to him quite a while and finally I wrote him out a check for $11,000 and he sold me everything he had up there.Could it have anything to do with income taxes and--? No, I don't believe so. He just wanted to leave and mining was a little slow. There have been a few periods of slow mining even in the uranium on and off. The property's still named after him. That's where it gets its name.The Ransom Mine. If you can think of any other names of those who you feel have made a contribution or who been involved in all this, we'd certainly appreciate it.Oh, I could probably think of a thousand of them. ItDE: HS:DE:HS:SS:would take all night and then some.Well, if it wouldn't be too inconvenient, if you would jot some of these names down, if you know where they are--That have come in and made it, you mean?HS:DE: Uh huh.SS: Or even ones that didn't make it.80
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1HS: There's an interesting fellow that I thought wasreally quite a guy named Schreiber. He comes from a family--he was a bachelor--he come from a family back East. I met the old fellow up on North Elk once and he was asking me about this and that. He 1ived out there in a pickup and prospected and he wanted to find himself a mine. He had a pretty hard old goal. He went down here in the Rebel Mine down by the Sandy and he did some pretty good ore and made him a pretty good little chunk of money and kind of got started. Then I think he went down to Mitchell Mesa, a big mesa there, and in Monument Valley, which he went down there [to] and built a road up to this mine, [which would normally] take about a four-winged eagle to get up there, and one of the worst places I ever knew of to mine. The old fellow got killed down there. About five years ago he came out of this mine in a shuttle car and dumped into a bin and it gave way with him and he fell. The Navajos didn't know where he had gone I guess. They come to town and the cops didn't know where to look for him. They were down there saying, "Is the mine covered up?" They were just outside. They didn't look, and when we looked at the situation we knew what happened. We had our mine lights and we spent half the night--this big81
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1mesa, if you've been through Monument Valley you know what it's 1ike. There are real high mesas, and hefell down a big crevice. We went around and walked up there with the mine 1ights and found him. He must have fell a few hundred feet straight down. It was quite sad. He was really quite the old fellow. He was a different sort of guy. Just as stubborn as the day is long and a hard worker and a very honest sort of person. I really liked him, but he came from way back East. I guess he was raised pretty poor. I know his family come out to the funeral, and anyway he just wanted to get in the uranium business, and by George he stayed here long enough. He finally got in it and he did make him a fair amount. You know, I mean he did fairly good. I thought it was quite interesting. Let's see this other guy, Thayne Robinson, but I don't know where he, he come from over in middle Utah someplace. He come up and started mining. I think he started mining for Sunshine up there in the Ransom group and he did a little work and he found this onemine up there by the Ransom called the Lucky Lady, and he mined it for a few years. I guess he did pretty good. He kicked around, did some copper mining down by St. George someplace, pretty close to the Grand Canyon, and then he moved to Moab. He started82
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1mining down there at Seven Mile just seven miles north of Moab--those uranium mines. A slab fell on him and killed him about three years ago I guess. There have been a fair amount of them killed thatspent their life [mining] that I've known personally. Vernon Black was a guy that nearly got killed. He's on a mission now for the Church, but he did pretty well mining. He really wasn't a miner either; he kind of hired it done. There was a little mine down in RedCanyon. Dow Chemical from Chicago I guess, went down there and did some drilling on it and didn't think it looked very good and left it. He went in there and it turned out pretty good and made a pretty good little chunk of money. Of course, he made pretty good, he had one down--oh, what the heck's the name of it? Down by the Radium King, Stucke Mine. He made some pretty good money, he sold it to COG Minerals, and that's an example of the small individual. I don't know, they probably only took a couple or three million dollars worth of ore out of that mine, but an individual can run down there and shoot himself a million dollars. Then COG Minerals, a company come in there and they had as high as a hundred guys workingdown there in this mine at áone time and I figured, you know, if we'd had it or some mining people we'd83
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1have probably had four or five people. They had a hundred men there and I think they lost a million or so dollars on that mine.DE: Do you mean because they had too many people working? HS: Yeah, they hired everybody in the world, really, and you just can't mine. A uranium mine is quite like--Idon't know how they mine any mines really that way. It seems like any company operation takes so many men that that's why they can't make a go of the average small mine. I think that an individual, I mean, if I knew enough about gold, silver, other types of mining that bigger companies are involved in more than they are uranium, I think an individual could do real well. I think that young guys today could go into mining about any start and do real well in places that the big companies can't break even. I'm sure, that like DeVarr and Lark have done a lot in Colorado with Union Carbide. That's what Union Carbide found out. When they can't mine it they turn it over to individuals on some kind of a deal and they both do a lot better.[END OF T APE]84
 [ T H I S I S THE CONTINUA TIONOF AN INTER VIEW WITH HAROLDEUGENE SHUMWAY FORRE COR DE D ON JUL YSIMON I N BLANDING, UTAH. TAPE #1.]DE: You're speaking of Devarr Shumway and Lark Washburn? HS: Yes, Lark, I remember when Lark first started mining. He was mining out there in Cottonwood, I know rightwhere he was mining. He came back from the Service and he started mining. He never mined until he was probably about 25 or 26. But he mined out there and did fair. DeVarr always did pretty good, and they moved to Colorado and did pretty well. Really, I think, they both did real well in that country.DE: Did they leave just because they wanted to prospect in some other area?HS: Well, no, I think there was more opportunity at that time over--there were lots more uranium-vanadium type mines at Colorado, a lot better than here. Cottonwood out there is about the only one in that vanadium type. Over there they have lots of them, and oh, heck, I don't know. Claude Nugent, he's a guy that comes from the Coeur D'Alene [district]. It seems to me like there was quite a few people that came from Coeur D'Alene, Idaho, country down here in the uranium boom. There are a few of them that stayed. Claude Nugent was one. He's kind of an engi neer ,geologist I guess. He took over some property up 85URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT .THE UTAH2 3 , 1 9 7 0 BY DOROTHY E R I C K AND SUZANNE
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1there at the head of Cottonwood and did pretty well on it. He come back in last year and drilled out a pretty good ore body there again. He's around here now. I think he quite likes this country. He came back.Is he in Blanding?DE:HS: I think so. I think he's on vacation now, but he's--he drilled out a pretty good ore body up there right adjoining the ones they had taken out. Of course, Industrial Uranium, a group of men out of Salt Lake formed a kind of corporation to develop, and they had a geologist named Dick Riley which smoked a pipe and went steaming around the country. It seemed like he was real successful finding ore bodies. I think they took 30 something million dollars out on the Moonlight and going down on the reservation there in Monument Valley. From there they moved up here by Claude Nugent's country, the Abe and the Glade and the Betty, and did real well. Dick Riley did the geology work. Dick told me once that he went down forthe Hecla and found the Big Indian for them. I don't know where he's at now. But, oh heck, there are lots of guys, Old Chandler, he was talking about--was quite the old fellow. He never did a great deal of mining, just enough to buy him a jug of wine and some86
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY #1groceries. He's quite an old philosopher, he played his guitar. I don't know where he come from or anything about him. He had an old truck when he'd move. He looked like the Okies moving to California, only multiplied by about ten times.He was the one that pickled the deer meat?SS: HS:I know he had a--he didn't take care of things too well. We had to sleep out there one night. We camped out there in Cottonwood and there was a big flood and we couldn't make it in and we had to stay out there that night. Spiders and things just, I got more than I could take. He had this pickle barrel that he'd put a deer or something in and his cat wouldn't eat it.Did he eat it?Oh yes. His cat wouldn't eat it. He kind of just rolled around, high graded a little here and there and just I don't--like I say, I don't know where he came from or what he was, whether he had any family of not--nobody knew. He was quite a tall, thin man with a big mustache.What happened to him?I think he died about 20 years ago, twenty-five. Itwas quite a while when old Chan was around. Let's see, he was--he must have died [in the] early ¥sos I think. Of tuberculosis I think.SS: HS:DE: HS:87
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1DE: It couldn't have been from his pickled deer?HS: Well, it's possible. He's the only guy I ever talkedto in my life that's seen a deer that had five fauns. Told me he saw a deer that had five fauns once. He had some pretty good stories. He'd come to town every once in awhile. Come up [to my] home and play his guitar. I was pretty young when I knew him though.DE: Give a little of the background or--the wild west.HS: Oh, I, you know, there's one thing about mining people that in movies I've always noticed, in the movies it shows you're having a battle. The cowboys always have the guns and the miners are--you know inthis country that's reversed. Mining people in this country do lots more hunting and have more guns and such, by far, than stockman. I don't know whether it's that way everyplace but !--see, I have lots of guns. I do lots of hunting. I have done all my life. Us guys, mining people do more hunting and shoot more guns and that sort of thing by far than the cattlemenor the cavalries around here.DE: Have you ever had to use these guns to protect yourclaims?HS: Oh no, I wouldn't---?--- anything. I don't suppose,you know, I really don't want to shoot somebody over something like that.88
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1DE:HS:DE:HS: DE: HS:I've read different places that some did have to, in a rush--There were a few, there were a few that had a few problems. I mean, you've just go to get mad enough, but really care to go to that length.Well, you mentioned Bernard Black just a little bit ago, and is that any relation to Calvin Black here in town today?Well, probably some relation.Is he around here, did you say?Burt? He's on a mission to Chicago for the Church. Hirn and his wife both went. They never had any kids and he just wasn't doing a great deal, kind of retired. I think he did pretty well in the mines and they just put him on a mission for the Church. I think he's in Chicago, he went about a year ago. He did some mining around, did pretty well it seemed like. He was a pretty good businessman.About how old of a man is he?What?About how old of a man is he?Oh, I'd day he's about fifty-five, something like that.And you did mention that he had the Spook mine. Is this the same Spook Mine that Grant Shumway hadDE: HS: DE: HS:DE:89
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1dealings with? I think it was Grant.HS:DE:HS:I don't think Grant ever had anything to do with the Spook.He did mention about the Gizmo and the Spook, the Maybe and the Bull's Eye.Well, they're all right there in a group. The Spook is one of Joe Neilsen. Lark Washburn I think had some interest in it, so did Black, and they sold it to COG Minerals. The Bull's Eye and the Gismo is what? Curtis Jones and Keith Jones and the Nielsen's I believe had it. Let's see--Which Jones were they?Bishop Curtis Jones down here and Keith Jones, brothers. They run a long drift in there, Milt Neilsen I believe owns it in Monticello. Milt's done quite a bit of that sort of stuff too. I don't know whether you interviewed him or not.Not yet. We're supposed to. and I was going to talk to Chat Blake. I understand that these four mineswere about the time that Chat Blake was doing some prospecting or had been doing some.Well, the Maybe Mine down there was, I think. Of course Sonny Bailey and what's his name, Ed Halls, Ed Halls used to run a steel sharpening/blacksmith's shop in Naturita and he come over here and got [toDE: HS:DE:HS:90
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1be) partners with Sonny Bailey and they, through the AEC or some information, they staked the Maybe Mine down there, which was a very good mine. They turnedSS: HS:DE:HS: DE: HS:it over to McFaran Hollinger of Tooele, Utah, big trucking, or fair sized construction trucking people. They mined it and made them quite a chunk of money out of it.Do you know where Ed Hall is now?Oh, I don't know for sure. Seemed like somebody might have said he might have been back in Montana or something.I was going to say, he isn't still in the uranium business.No.In Wyoming or anything.I don't believe he is. Well, [neither) him or Sonny had either one ever mined. They had this property and made some good money out of it. Sonny is Keith's brother-in-law. He runs the mine supply at the AEC down in Monticello.You say he is at Monticello now?He's in Monticello now, yes.Well, these are interesting. Well Naturita was an old mining settlement, wasn't it?Yeah, strictly, I think VCA, mainly [owns] thoseDE: HS: DE:HS:91
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1mines around there. There's a mill there and I know we used to haul ore there years back. I think it's a pretty dead place right now, fairly dead anyway.Let's see, Uravan's where Carbide's mill is that we ship to and Naturita is where VGA is, and VGA of course did away with that mill and they had this mill---VGA had the mill at Shiprock. When they merged with Foote Mineral I don't know who owns that now. Climax might own it, Climax Uranium. They're kicking around now, I think Climax and Foote Mineral.DE: How do you spell that?HS: Foote.DE: F-o-o-t-e?HS: Yeah, I think they're kicking around the possibilityof a mill. I'd really like to see them put one in. Climax has quite a bit of property. It has a mill in Grand Junction, but their mill's kind of outdated and they closed it down here about a year ago.DE: Then actually the only--all this in the uranium industry hinged on having a good mill?HS: Oh yeah. You've got to have a mill. Most of the uranium mines, like I said are reasonably small. I don't know how big Big Indian is, but in that area here it seemed like an average ore body. You might have one laying right alongside you [worth] maybe a92
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1million dollars or so. Of course, I think the Radium King down there must have had 20 million. Happy JackI don't know. I don't think the Happy Jack was ever as good a mine as it was played up to be. It was a good mine. He sold it for five hundred dollars originally. My dad had an option on it once and about bought it for five hundred dollars. My brother-in- law's father sold it for five hundred dollars to Fletch Bronson and Joe Cooper and Grant Bronson. Iremember back in about 194-something, they were down there mining copper and really weren't doing very well. I know they had a truckload of it. We stopped and talked to them out there just about the same place I burned that geiger counter out. They weren't doing too well it seemed like, just making a living and let alone uranium come good and found out that, of course ---?--- if a person had looked, had studied. A geologist went through this country quite a few years ago named Gregory that has a Gregory report that told of uranium in White Canyon and some of that area. It mentions that the Happy Jack had uranium in it and some of the other places. If a person had read it, you know--we didn't know anything about that report when we went down there prospecting. But Fletch and those guys started mining93
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1it and the farther they went in the better it got. Of course they had a gold mine there, and then it was sold. I don't know, I think they sold it for about seven million, eight million dollars, basically cash. I think the price was way high and royalties and such so that they take the 29 percent own for tax reasons. I doubt if they got over ten million of it all told. I know, I know I was trying to find a buyer for it one time. I was dabbling around it, I talked to them some about it, but I think the only reason that they were able to sell it for that the price was I think the AEC made any boy who put a mill in have a certain amount or reserves, and I think that T-Z which comes from New Jersey--Zinc. Let's see, that's New Jersey Zinc, Texas Oil. Anyway, they formed T-Z and bought it, and the Happy Jack I think gave them the reserves for the mill. I think they no doubt lostmoney on the whole operation as far as by the mine. Idon't know how they come out on this whole operation, SS: When you asked, when you have a price of seven million dollars on a mine, this is not to bepurchased by one individual then?HS: Well, no it's purchased by them to put a mill in. Ithink they paid a premium for it, just for the right to build a mill, as near as I can gather at that94
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1time. Like I say, I was kind of dealing a little bit. I was talking to a few people, I was interested myself, trying to sell it for them for a commission. As near as what I could gather, because it wasn't, I didn't think it was worth that much. I think the Radium King down there has produced probably just about as much as the Happy Jack. I don't know, but there hasn't been any what you call real big mines in uranium in this country. Of course Big Indian has hadsome good ones. I don't know, it's probably produced a few hundred million dollars worth of ore and, of course, down in Grants and Ambrosia Lake has been one of the better ones. I think it's got more mining problems and is deeper in the ground. [It has] got a lot of water and bad seeping, you know. I had-- there's a Dr. Stokes used to write along here, and you probably read some of his books from the University of Utah. I used to know him quite well. He used to come down. I showed him around a few times. Uranium was involved with him a little. He told me where Ambrosia Lake was before anybody staked it, told me about it. He also told me about his potash in Moab, where Texas Gulf has that potash plant, told me where that was, he knew where it was. I guess through oil wells or such, he told me I ought to get him. I95
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1really don't know where he knew, but he told me about both of these places before--he was quite the old fellow, I haven't seen him for fifteen years. I don't know. He's head of the geology department at the University of Utah. He's written a lot of books on uranium, one of the first that wrote a bunch on it. Of course, the AEC and the USGS did lots of work through this country back--they had quite a few jobsin here. They went through the country checking lots of things out. They checked a lot of country out and they certainly made mistakes like anybody else. Some areas they said were no good. They told us the Payday wouldn't go in over 20 feet. They come back a year or two later and said, "We told you that thing was pretty good," but they kind of--of course like I said, nobody can see in the ground, but they did lots of drilling in this country and found some prettygood reserves for people. They did it free, gratis, just for the information. It made quite a few people quite a bit of money. I think the Maybe Mine and Deer Flat, Hideout had some of these done by the government drilling. I know my dad and them had some drilling done; they found some over here in Cottonwood that they sold. So--but the government doesn't do that anymore, which I don't think they96
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY #1 should.SS: They did get the industry started then?HS: Yeah, they kind of did. They really wanted people to find some uranium. Like they told me one day, it's too successful, you know they wanted people, they gave people incentives and went out to find lots, and they found more than they needed. They had more uranium then they needed and they didn't know how to get out of some of their commitments, so they justDE:HS:phased it out.But they have to reassess now, with the things that might be in the future.Yeah, I think using it for peacetime is--should have a real future. I mean, I think it should unless they come up with something else. It certainly--there's getting to be quite a power shortage in the United States right now.Well, the pollution bit and the power shortage both should have something to do with it.It could be a real good thing. One thing about it,there's not many people getting in the business. You don't find many young kids that get in it like you used to. I mean there are not too many people that mine, period, really, it seems like. I guess peopless:HS:don't want it.97
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1DE: That's what I was going to ask you.HS: Underground or such.DE: About the few--not the younger generation comingalong.HS: We have a few nephews that say they'd like to. Wedon't encourage them because we don't know what the outlook [is. We] encourage them to go get an education, about like us, and it doesn't seem like it runs too strong in our family, going to school or something. Some of them do.DE: If they can see something in the future with mining and--HS: They figure if uranium's going good they'd like to mine. Basically young kids don't have interest in mining. I don't know, and yet mining to me is, has got to--if our civilization continues upward we've certainly got to find a lot more minerals. I think that there's a great demand. I think there's been a big demand and more so, not only for the amount we use, but other countries [of which] we use all their minerals are beginning to get more civilized you might say in using more of their own minerals and kicking us out right and left. We're saying we wantthem. You know, really we use so many minerals today that--of course better methods--! think if you look98
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY #1at it the way we are today, it looks like we wouldn't be able to cope with that much mining, but I say that better ways of mining will make the way we mine today look very sorry.DE: Well, that's another reason they want to get it down, because in the future it might be an entire revolutionary type of method whereby they get--HS: I think it will, I think it will. I think that these moles that they have are just a starting, and the laser beam and some of the things as far as mining to use in drifting and going through rock. Where we have to go through say six feet at a time if we're lucky, we drill six feet. Say if we want to shoot a face the size of that there, we probably would have to--DE: That would be about how much?HS: Maybe 26 foot holes to shoot that out. Supposing wepull five and a half feet, then you have to smoke it out. You know, think of the difference in going down there with one of these big moles they've been using up here. Of course they cost so much money now, but they'11 get 1ike they all did, get things a lot better. They turn loose in there and just eat its waythrough the mountain.DE: When you say smoking it out and then you say themole, now we are familiar, but-- 99
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1HS: When you smoke it out I mean that the smoke from theblast, from the prill and dynamite that's used. We have to air it out before we go back in. Well, if you don't have to shoot that's quite time-saving you know, and this mole is a big rotary type thing that drills the tunnel. They call it a mole. They just ran one of these big tunnels up here in Utah, I think on one of the water projects with it, and I think the laser beam is something that's kind of been used more and more. Maybe they'll--I mean who knows what kind of methods they'll, you know, they'll come up with? I think that methods of finding ore bodies certainly should get a lot better. That's one of the big problems in mining is not mining, like especially in uranium, you find the ore body, mining isn't the problem. Finding the ore is the major problem, you know. That's where the gambling comes in because it costs, your gambling, whether you find it or not.DE: Right, where the outcropping is almost a thing of the past.HS: To start an outcropping is obsolete. You don't find too many more. [It's] mostly done with the drill rig, really, and the drill rig is the best thing that we know, but I think they'11 find, you know, better things. Some day they may have some method of x-100
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1raying to see what's down there. We can only see in the ground that far now. Someday I think that--oh, mining I think is a very interesting field. I'm certainly not sorry that I got in the mining business.If you had it to do over again and the situation was the same as it was when you started, would you still become the miner?Oh, I should say so. Yeah.And the prospector?DE:HS: DE: HS:I think so. No question, you know. Pretty hard, I mean people look at a chunk of ore and to them it's a rock. You know to a miner it's really not. It's just all the difference in the world. The rock has got something in it that they can see. It's full of something you know, it's not just a rock and it's all the difference in the world. You know, really I can look at a chunk of high grade and to me it means something. To you it may look like just a rock.You can almost tell then by just looking at it howDE:much it will assay?HS: Well, if you're used to a certain mine, yes. Youknow basically most mines--but you can be fooled too. I won't say a person can tell that good, but you certainly have a good idea just by looking at it if101
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1 he's used to it.DE:HS: DE: ss: HS: DE:SS:HS:DE:Especially those that have been in the business a while?Yeah.Well, I think we'd better--Yes, I think so. We certainly do thank you.She's got to go to sleep.No, not really, but I think she has an interview in the morning.I really do thank you for your time and yourinformation. This has been real great.Yeah, people like to talk about what they're interested in. It doesn't bother me. I mean of course, I kind of--Well, this is it. We've been doing the background work and getting in all these things and the more people you talk with the more enthusiastic they are, and we are too. This is what we're hoping will get through to future historians, so that they will knowwhat the real story is behind it.A lot of mining people have had kind of a bad reputation. That's another thing like I say in the movies. The movies really--I mean, you know. The movies really give a person a good name or a bad name, you know. I mean, you take the mining people.HS:102
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1Have you ever seen any mining people that are just a bunch of drunkards or--Old grubbies.You know really, have you really ever--I guess miningcamps are rougher type people. In Blanding they're not. They're not in Blanding. Of course I guess the influence of the Church has, the LDS Church has quite a bearing on a person's rowdiness. But--DE: That's why I was concerned or interested whether the people coming in during the boom time whether it had any effect or whether, which way it went.HS: Well, of course Blanding has been quite a hard-- the people have had a pretty good grip in Blanding. Someday it may lose it, I mean the outside hasn't really affected it like a lot of towns. It never has been affected like a lot of towns. It's day may be coming. You know, like as far as we don't even have any form of liquor sold in Blanding. To me this is very good because I see so many towns that deteriorate under such conditions, but of course the reason here is, I'd say the Church has a lot of bearing in it because it's probably 90 percent LDSwhich you know believe against liquor. Although even beyond that people don't feel like it's a good thing and [make] certain we vote it out but as--oh, I don'tDE: HS:103
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1think the Navajos are for it either, really. A lot of them drink and such, but I don't think they're for it. They see it's damaging, but as time goes by we may be goaded into a different situation. I don't think the--as far as the uranium boom or the mining had as much effect on Blanding in that direction maybe.DE: That is an interesting feature, because so many times and throughout the history, this has been the reverse.HS: Well, one thing makes it bad is the difference I think, that Blanding was a town with churches, schools and farms and other lines of businesses and the mines are just around it. You take a mine say up in, about any--Coeur D'Alene--area, any of the bigmines, basically a town was built around a mine.DE: In Colorado this happened.HS: Miners, you know, and I've seen it make a lot ofdifference.DE: Wasn't this true with Colorado?HS: Oh, I think in Colorado there are quite a few, likeNaturita and Uravan are strictly into that. They were pretty rough towns really. You can go up to Butte, Montana which is pretty good sized and it's a mining town and built on mining. You can go around and you104
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1can see mining towns and they really are--I don't think they take as good a care of them. Of course, why should they? They don't know whether they'll be there tomorrow or not. There are lots of ghost towns. But Blanding wasn't built that way; it doesn't plan on being a ghost town, so people take more pride in their homes and their schools and churches and things, and I think that is one reason. If I were going to head some mine up there in some desolatearea and you built a town strictly for that mine, you knew that someday you'd run out of ore and you'd go. You wouldn't want to, you know, you wouldn't have the same interest. I think that is really one of the differences in towns.DE: Well, your mining, our silver mining towns west of Delta, I think are some of your good examples.HS: Is that the Lark Mine?DE: Mmm--HS: I know around Delta there's a pretty good uraniummine at Delta. A guy named Moody. This isn't the one you're talking about, but there's a guy named Moody-- I think he died not long ago--who had pretty good-- there's a pretty good uranium mine at Delta, Utah, an open pit. A guy named Moody's the guy that mined it.DE: I was just thinking, was it Ely that's west of there, 105
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1where the silver mine is?HS: Well, they have quite a few in Nevada, and there's one up here called the Lark mine and the ASARCO has one that is up somewhere close to Delta in Utah. See Utah is fourth, I believe fourth in the nation in silver mining. Actually I didn't know that. Nevada, let's see--I think Utah's fourth. Idaho's 1st, and Colorado is second or third and Nevada I think is fourth. If the price of silver goes to about three dollars Nevada will be first because they have large deposits of low grade. That's why old Howard Hughes I suppose has been buying a lot of the silver.DE: And all of Las Vegas?HS: Yeah. But he's been buying lots of silver. Silverproperty down there, and áI don't really know why unless it's because he figures the price of silver, like a lot of people, will go. But then people are optimistic in their own areas I guess.DE: Unless he's expecting a silver stock boom as the uranium boom was at the time.HS: Yeah, they had a pretty good one here about a year ago, wasn't that bad. That's how come I sold that stock that Jay Bellers had. It went into a little silver deal. I know it ain't worth nothing. I mean I know the company don't have nothing. I sold it for106
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1pretty good, about 20,000 or something like that. I just had it here in a drawer for years. I was---?--- throw it away, but I got messing around one day and got checking it out and found out it was worth about$20,000. If I had kept it about four more months it would have been worth $50,000. I keep track because I've bought and sold some more since then. Right now it'd only be worth about ten, nine or ten [thousand]. I think silver has got a good future myself. Gold too, personally. Gold, we even have a little placer gold here.DE: Isn't that why they came into this area in the very, very beginning?HS: For gold?DE: For gold.HS: No, I think this country was settled basicallythrough the Church, actually. I think the Mormon Church had an awful lot to do with a lot of the towns or settlements. They recently come to Bluff down there and they saw it was too hot down there so theymoved again I guess. I don't know. DE: To Blanding.SS: Well, it certainly has been beautiful all week in here.HS: I like Blanding's climate. I just got back yesterday 107
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1from Montana and that country up there last week, looking at some land, this and that.DE: More uranium?HS: No I was looking--there's no uranium up there.There's one good ore body up there in-- DE: Wyoming?HS: Well, Wyoming has a lot of good ore bodies. That one's up in Washington. Midnight Mines, the Newmont Mines. It's a good ore body. Right now they're just sitting on it, not doing anything.DE: Some of our group is going to Washington.HS: There's one good mine in Washington. There's one good one. Newmont runs it for Midnight Mines. Pretty goodmine, [it's] got a lot of good reserves.DE: But that has come through since the 1950s.HS: Yeah, I believe it was a little bit later actually.Of course since the uranium boom there's been a lot of this country that has been found since the actual boom. This country up there around where Nugents found this ore body was really just barely getting started at the end of the boom. There have been some good ore bodies mined up there since then. When the uranium boom went off it--I mean really--when they say the uranium boom, all that was was the promotional part. After the boom was gone, I mean108
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1this mine was still just as good.DE: Right, but the boom was really just the bonus project of the AEC.HS: Well, it was promotional. There's lots of money being spent everyplace. People were, oh man, you'd go down and hit the cafe and listen to someone who was making millions of dollars there, just--ss:HS:DE:A little difference of a few years, or a few years prior to that.Things never materialized for a lot of them. A lot of them did pretty good I guess.But from all indications there are either people who have made quite a bit and are living here or those who are on welfare, so that according to statistics, what is the average? It is what, 4,000 dollars a year in Utah?In Utah. Not very high. It's really not very high, but it seems to me like--I don't believe--if you take the Navajo people here, I don't believe you'd find many towns or anyplace that the average person--we don't have anybody that you might say is really hurting, very few really. We don't have a bad situation. I mean people around here, I don't know, no real wealthy people really, but it seems likepeople--and I give a lot of credit to that. I mean I 109HS:
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1don't know, of course I keep talking about, basically back to the Church which has a lot of bearing on people, but I give a lot of credit to people, doing a better job maybe on less money because of--well, alcohol and such. Anytime you've got people doing a lot of drinking and such, you've got problems. They may blame Ford Motors and make them change all these little items, but a good share of it's right back to the bottle, my thinking.DE: I have one last question. Do you think that most of the people who did make it in the uranium were people who had been around here, who had worked, who had lived, who were part of the Church?HS: No, not necessarily. I think that some of the pretty good money was made. Just a few outsiders came in and did pretty well. I think that sometimes people [who] live in an area can't see its opportunities as well as people that come from other areas. I think that's very true a lot of times. I think that's why a person who's done a lot of traveling and watches things all over the world, you might say that he could seethings from his experience that people right there--r mean see assets that people live in there can't see. I think that's very possible. Because it seems to me like some of the people from the outside did pretty110
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1well, really. Maybe as good or better as the average person that lived here. I don't know really why. It'sreally hard to say, but of course maybe a lot of it is more professional, you know and such because people lived here as far as uranium's concerned. I mean this wasn't a geologist--no question about it. If a person was a good geologist and could come in here to--if a person had been a good geologist when I first started here, if I'd been older and I'd been a good geologist certainly I could have done a lot better, you know, than other people. I guess that's probably the reason because some of them have been, had experience in other mining areas and were old enough. They come in and saw some advantages.ss: Now you are going out and you're doing a lot of traveling, but prior to this did most of the people just stay in Blanding?HS: They either did or else they had two horses. When one got tired they could drive the other. I mean it hasn't been too long. There weren't very good roads really in this--DE: So it really was more or less an isolated stop.HS: It was pretty isolated, you bet. The only time they ever recognized us down here was when they were aftersomething, as far as the state capitol was concerned. 111
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1 [It's] still that way.DE: When they want your vote.HS: When they want a vote or some money--that's the onlyss:HS:ss:HS:DE:time they ever even know we exist down here. As far as they're concerned, Utah ends at Price. Even when they give a weather report saying Utah to Price.Well, I think you've answered a lot of our questions. If we have more will you be available?Oh, I might be around. I don't know. There are probably lots of people you--some of them probably won't talk as much as I do.We want them to talk, because how else can we get this information?Oh, I'll probably be around. I don't know what else I could tell you. I'm sure there's----some type of anecdotes or some other experiences, and sometimes they come back to mind and one thing we can do right now is get a picture. Well, I couldn't because my flash camera isn't working properly, and I have to make sure it will work. We can come backduring the day if you will be available.I ought to be. [I'm] going down to Arizona in a few days.HS:DE: We'11 be here until about the 12th of August. Does that make any difference?112
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1HS: Break your camera. Just take one of anyone you seeDE:HS:DE: HS:DE:HS:DE:HS: DE:and paste it on.Oh, not really. We wondered if you had any samples of ore from certain particular mines.I don't believe I've got very many [oreJ samples anyplace. I had some around. I gave them all away. That sample there is from ---?--- place down in Arizona. I can get some out at the mine.Now this is Simpatica?Yeah, I can get some there or some other sample. I don't keep many around.We can call you then. Is the best time to call you in the evening? Or does it make any difference?I don't know. I'11 probably go back to work next Monday I suppose. Maybe I ' 11 be around. Sunday I guess.You have certain services though that you are attending though?Yeah, I'm supposed to.You're in a different ward and I just wondered which one it was for you, or when it would be available, you know.HS: To take a picture? My wife, I don't even let her take pictures of me. I don't even think she's got a picture. I never liked pictures taken.113
 HAROLD EUGENE SHUMWAY # 1DE: You should take a good one.SS: They're going to have fun transcribing this. Ihaven't turned this off.[END OF INTERVIEW]114