 S I G I R D HENDRICKSENLos Angeles, California(?)An Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-191June 24, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJune 24, 1970Tape #1:Early Life ...¥ ¥ ............¥ ¥ ... Background Check for Manhattan Project. ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ . . . Camp Handford ......¥ ..... ....... 7People There and the Base. .............. 11 Secrecy and the Atomic Bomb ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ . 15 Accidents . ...¥ ¥ . ....¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ .19 Physicists and Improvements ..........¥ .22 Shipping of Plutonium .......¥ ....¥ ¥ .¥ .26 Isotopes for Agriculture . ...¥ . ¥ .. 28 Security .¥ ..¥ .. ...¥ ... .¥ . 33 Happiness and Retirement . .....¥ .¥ .... 36.1¥3
 THE FOLLOWING IS AN CONDUCTED BY CLARE URANIUM ORAL HISTORYI NTERVI EW WI TH ENGLE ON J UNEPROJ ECT. TAPEMR. SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN 2 4 , 19 7 0 [ FOR THE UTAH #1 ] .CE: Thank you, Mr. Hendricksen for taking time to talk with me this morning. I appreciate you having come back or allowingáme to come back so that we can dothis again. As you, know what I'm interested in talking with you about today is your work on the Manhattan Project, but before we begin that let's talk about you. Let's find out where you were born and when, if you'll tell me.SH: Alright. Well, my name is Sigird Lem Hendricksen and I was born in Carthenige, Norway on July 7, 1897. I came to America at the age of six and settled in Bloom, Minnesota. I attended Bloom Central High School and took part in all the sports; football, basketball, ice-hockey, track. During WWI I servedwith the U.S. Navy aboard the U.S.S. Kansas; after my discharge from the Navy I worked on construction jobs and became a Master Mason in 1920 and then a 32nd Degree Mason. Then in 1949 I joined the ---?--- Spokane, W ashington.CE: Now how did you get to Spokane from Minnesota?SH: Well, that's quite a long journey.CE: I'd like to hear about it.SH: I worked in construction on the West Penn Power
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1Company in---?---, Pennsylvania as a carpenter.CE: SH:But--now you're in Pennsylvania.And then I went to Miami, Florida on the same kind of work, and then I moved to La Belle, Florida in a year where my parents had a home. There I met an old contractor that needed financial help, so my father helped him out and then I became a partner in Handsonand Sons Constructors. There I worked. I did contract work in La Belle, Florida, Apopka, Florida, and in Swainsboro, Georgia, building concrete bridges and culverts under Licten Highway.What was your job specifically on this project?On this last job I was contracting, in the contracting business, as Mr. Handson and I were partners in the contract work.You had crews that would do specific jobs?Oh, yeah. We had ten, twelve trucks and all the equipment it takes to go with it. And so then when the work down there in that area was completed, andthen after going through all the tornadoes first being so close to Florida, I went to Los Angeles, California, in time for the big earthquakes.In the thirties?CE: SH:CE: SH:CE:SH: In the thirties. Then World War II broke out and Iwent to Camp Meade and worked building barracks. 2
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1That's camp Meade, Oregon.CE: SH: CE: SH:CE: SH: CE: SH: CE: SH:CE: SH: CE: SH: CE:SH:You were a contractor when--No.You came to California also?No. I didn't have a license for California, so we dissolved the business in Florida, and then I workedin Portland, Oregon, building houses for the shipyard workers.Now was this after the war?This, no this was WWII.S till during the war.WWII, yes.You left Los Angeles and went to--Yeah, and in the meantime I was told about the big secret job at Handford, Washington. Duke Bond was the contractor and a Mr. Church was the purchaser of all the materials. I worked on the barracks the workers were to live in.Now you were hired by the Manhattan Project people? No, I was hired by Dupont.Oh, you were hired by Dupont.Which were the contractors. Dupont built the plant. The plant in Handford.Yeah, they built the plant, and when the barrackswere finished then I was sent out there to out in the 3
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1outer area where the plant was being built.CE: Now were you a contractor?SH: No, I was just working as a--well, I worked on theconstruction of the plant as a carpenter and as am illw right---?---.CE: And as a millwright is what you worked for the manyyears you were with the organization, is that right? SH: No. In construction, which was about three years--no,less than that.CE: In what year was this, Mr. Hendricksen? Do youremember? Was it in 1943 when this began?SH: No, this started when WWII broke out.CE: I think the Handford plant was begun in about 1943,wasn't it?SH: This is what I say, the beginning of WWII. Then theplant was completed and Dupont operated it for--oh, just a few months, and then General Electric took over the management of the plant and the operations.CE: I think General Electric took over in about 1946.SH: That's right.CE: But you started with Dupont in about 1943 when theconstruction came in and--SH: Yeah, that's right.CE: And worked for about three years as a millwright.SH: On construction--carpenter/millwright, yeah. Then 4
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN j lwhen it was completed I went into operation.CE: Can we go back to the beginning of the project, how you learned about it and who recruited you? Did you have to have a clearance in order to begin to work? How did you hear about it?SH: Well, I was on the Portland, Oregon job and building the barracks, or the houses for the shipyard workers, and the foreman on the job had gone to Handford and checked on it. And he came back and he said, "Why don't you go up there on the job at Handford?" I said, "What's that?" He said, "It's a secret job." He said, "I don't know anything about it." So he said--CE: But they were looking for people.SH: He said, "Hiring as many as they can get a hold of."So I went up there and I had to go through--I went into Pasco, Washington, and there I had to go into the setup they had there to sign up people.CE: They had recruiters at this Pasco facility.SH: Yeah, right there, and there's where they interviewed everybody. Then we were taken in a bus from Pasco tothe Handford Plant which is quite a distance.CE: Well, did you have to have a preliminary clearance? I understand that they ---?--- after fifteen years,into your background.SH: After, oh my God, yeah. How come you [were] born?5
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1Yeah, oh yeah. They're crazy, I'm telling you. They wanted to know where you were every day. So when you were hired, after they had cleared us then we got an ID---?--- card and that's what had your picture oni t and your number.CE: An identification.SH: Identification, the picture that you wore all thetime. The badge was taken, and when you'd get through with work you'd bring it into the guards in the building that you had to go through to get on thejob. Then that photo was then monitored for whateverradiation or whatever it was and-- CE: Each day.SH: Yeah, each day. And if it was too much they would call you out and let you know that you had to come for monitoring or for a decontamination.CE: I'd like to pursue that further a little bit later, but I'm still interested in knowing about the clearance. When they hired you, did you have to wait for instance, a month before they allowed you to go to Handford?SH: Well, at first we were working out of the area. We were working outside the Handford what you call Secret Area; we were building barracks for the men to live in; there was nothing secret on that. But while6
 S I G I R D HENDRICKSEN # 1we were working they were doing the investigating.CE:SH:It took so long to get the ID clearance card, and those that didn't have it couldn't pass clearance, and disappeared all of a sudden.Well, Handford was such a small town, about a hundred or so population, wasn't it initially?Richland the city had less than a hundred. Handford had--it was WWII servicemen that went out there and took the acreage and like--or for farming and had their ranches out there. Apricots and oranges and prunes and what not--A very fertile area.But it ---?--- land was so poor that they couldn't make a living out of it. So they were working in the other towns, Richland, Pasco, and Kennewick.And living in Richland.And living on their place, the farm.Did you live in tents when you first got there?No, I was lucky. They had enough barracks for the few that were there to live in, so we moved right in butwe had to build so many because they had 50,000 workers on that plant when they were building it.At what stage?Well, at what we call Camp Handford they had 50,000 in that camp at--CE: SH:CE: SH: CE: SH:CE: SH:7
 S I G I R D HENDRICKSEN # 1CE: SH:In about a year, or by '44?Oh, they were in there for two years I imagine. Yeah, and then we would go from the camp into the outer areas to build these plants that you see from three hundred areas, and all the hundreds and two hundred areas and that took--well, close to over two years, you know. Two or three years.And they were separate facilities for men and women? Oh, yeah.And then a communal type of restaurant or cafeteria where all of them ate?Yeah, well yes. Each barrack had, there was a cafeteria for every so many barracks. I think there were five cafeterias in that camp. It took care of the--well, it was just like getting out of the barracks, and you just go from the barracks straight ahead into the dining room and have your breakfast, and then they filled up your bucket for going in fornoon, and you just keep going out to the area. You do your work for eight hours and come back in. They had transportation for everything; you didn't have tohave a car or anything. They furnished everything.been married.CE: SH: CE:SH:Were you married then?CE:SH: No. I never was, and I wasn't then and I never have8
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1CE: Oh, I see. I didn't know that. When there were menthat were married what were their livingarrangements?SH: Well, you see at the camp there weren't any. Therewere just men out there. 'Cause the only women that were out there were the ones that worked in the office, in the payroll department and clerical work and that.CE: And they lived in Handford or Richland?SH: No, they lived in the camp. They had a special barracks for them. Oh, yeah. No, it was hard to get out because Handford was out of Richland about twelvemiles.CE: I wonder how difficult it was to recruit women to goto a place like that. So remote from everything.SH: Well, you see, Dupont I guess had some of their besthelp come. CE: Come from--?SH: Yeah, from their other plants you know. I imagine that with Mr. Church and all those people in there they had good access to competent help.CE: And people didn't seem to mind coming from various parts of the country to come to this remote place.SH: They were from all walks of life. Well, out there in that camp there it was divided. [Of the] 50,000 there9
 S I G I R D HENDRICKSEN # 1was hardly anyone killed. No shooting; the biggestCE: SH:CE: SH:CE: SH:thing was the crap games, playing four-five-six game. They provided entertainment in other words.No, you're not supposed to--they had guards watching all the time, but they would set up a table in the barracks and they would play four-five-six shootin' with the dice you know and candle---?---.And that's what you did for recreation then?That was the recreation. It was the only one that--- ?---There weren't any movies or--?Yes, afterwards we built a theatre, and there they had the movies. Then they built a big auditorium where they had dances and they had all kinds of entertainment. Had the Globetrotters come out in basketball and entertain and a big orchestra, oh yes.And in summertime baseball teams would come up from the big league. Oh, they had all the entertainment that you could want to keep them happy, to keep them on the job.Those were inducements then?Yes, surely they had to have something, 'cause the guys say, you know, they're just ready to climb up a tree. ---?--- you know. The only thing that was wrongwith it was the Columbia River, and that was too cold 10CE: SH:
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1and too deep to and too swift to be out there swimming around in it. So--CE: Now then were you restricted all the t i me or were you allowed to leave on weekends?SH: Oh, we could go and come anytime. The buses l e ft-- CE: Daily.SH: Oh, yes. No, nothing was locked up or anything. Yes,you could come and go. But you see there were guards at the gate all the time. Nobody could--if you didn't have a pass you didn't get in, you---?---. Oh, yeah. Oh, yes, make a trip maybe once a week from Handford to Pasco--that was the closest place to buy anything. Richland had nothing!CE: You had adequate facilities storewise though?SH: Oh, yes. They had these canteens where you could buythings you know.CE: And your clothing.SH: Yeah, the same way, yeah. But I don't know, Ipreferred to go into town because it broke the monotony. You know, the ride anyway. You could see the lay of the land and everything else you know.CE: We were talking about not having any problems. There were no social problems then so far as murders or--SH: No, no, that's right. 'Cause I think they had a you know, a high grade of people in there. They weren't11
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1the gangsters. That's the first thing they said when you come, "If you have ever had a prison record, don't come. Don't ask us for a job because it wouldCE:SH:CE: SH:CE:SH:CE:SH:just be wasting our time."Tell me about some of the people whom you learned to know well. Your friends.Oh, well. Well, when I was in there I would always attend Masonic meetings.You even had those there?W ell, they were held in . Richland, and then I wouldalways you know, be in all the Shriner Parade in the Shriner Patrol and take part in all the events, so we met a lot of people from all over the state.They were receptive to the people who were working on the project?Well, sure. We were on and the same you see or belong to the same order, and all Shriners as a--But the people in the surrounding towns were receptive to the Manhattan Project people?Oh, yeah. Well, up there it's a high, it's a good community up there and they are all level-headed people. They don't--there isn't much prosperity in the area but, Richland now with all the government money put in, they've put in all the facilities, all the buildings and whatnot. It's one of the best ones12
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1of the three. You know, of---?---.CE: But it was an agricultural community prior to the time that the government--SH: Yes, that's right. Yeah, yeah. Oranges and plum trees were thick in Richland. They took, knocked them all down to put up the buildings, you know. When the plant started up operating they had the bigadministration building with the . . ---?---CE: I see.SH: And when they moved out of Handford into Richlandthat was when the Handford was done away with. Seethey tore Handford, Camp Handford down when--CE: What do you mean Camp Handford? Can you identify thatfor me?SH: Well, Camp Handford you see that was the camp that wewere living in. CE: Initially.SH: Yeah, and then when you see they--the reason they had a Camp Handford was because the Army was there next to it, you see and--CE: Why was the Army there?SH: Well, they had the Army in there and they had all ofthe missile pits all around Handford for protection too I would imagine. Like they had on the north and on the south of it and all the way up into Canada.13
 S I G I R D HENDRICKSEN # 1Now they have missiles up in Alaska to protect the property.Security.Because it's off-limited for even airplanes to go over the 440 sq. miles of the Handford Project. SoCE: SH:CE: SH: CE: SH: CE: SH: CE:SH:CE:it's no, no-look, no-see, no---?---Off limits.Off limits. Yeah.But then Camp Handford was done away with. Oh, yeah. They tore Handford down.The administrative facilities were then moved to-- Richland, Washington.I see. And just the research on plutonium was done at the Handford facility?Yeah, in the Handford Plant you see, and that's quite an area. You have all of a hundred areas, and two hundred areas and three hundred areas.Would you like to talk about the size? We were looking at the pictures in this book. Tell me about how many square feet for instance. Do you have any idea how many acres it covered and how many square feet it--SH: 440 acres it covered, and how many square feet it-- CE: And each of these buildings is approximately howlarge?14
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1SH: Oh, they go from--well, they have l ike officebuildings in here where the clerical help is, but then they have in here--this compound 305 building is 800 feet long, over two and a half blocks long.CE: Tell me about your work specifically after you worked as a millwright. What does a millwright do and what does--?SH: That is the one that puts in the machinery. It's precision work. It's lining up motors and belts and whatnot you see and having everything true. See, you have this--we have there three and one-tenths of aninch tolerance. It's that close work. In millwright work there where carpenter work is more, a little rougher.CE: Did you know what you were doing? Did you know specifically why you were doing what you were doing?SH: You had to know because you had so many overseers. They had not only inspectors, they had FBI right there to see if you were doing anything to jam up something.CE: No. I really stated that incorrectly. What I mean is did you know what type of work you were working on? The significance of the project.SH: No. What the project was?CE: Why you were doing what you were doing?15
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1SH: Well, it was like the comedians, they had a name foreverything. When they ---?--- the trains would go through and they had these big boxes on the flat cars of the train. They would have an "A" and they would have a "B" and they would have all the names you could think of what that represented. You didn't know whether--! just don't remember all of the chief names they had for it, but it was so far from the atomic bomb that it would make your head swim. When we heard the blast that day over the radio and they announced it you almost went into shock because you couldn't believe it. Here we thought we were doing something wrong, we couldn't figure it out. But as the time went on we were getting more and more leery, and then after I got into the--they changed my jobs around, I could see a little more light, you know. It would be,[I'd] begin to figure two and two makes four now.CE: You heard rumors then about what you were doing?SH: No--well, yeah, you see, when the work started inthere I first went in as the power operator. And-- CE: You were given a specific job to work on and theysaid, "Don't question what you are doing?"SH: You see, the trouble is with that you see, when you were--you didn't know what the guy in the next building was doing, because all you were doing, they16
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1had you at one station and there you were. You go and ask the other guy what are you up to; "I don't know," he says because he was told that. Yeah.CE:SH:But then you didn't know the nature of the project? You d id n 't know what you were doing?No, but then you'd hear, read in the paper about heavy-water, about clear-water and all this stuff you know, and you soon began to wonder what is it, whatis it you know. You started reading and you got a little more light, but never thought of the atom bomb until the--! was out in the area at the time when the news came over the radio that it blasted.How did you feel?Jeez, I went into shock, a coma, I couldn't believe it.Did they say, "Well, this was done at the Handford plant or this was done--"?Oh, yeah. They came over, yeah. I was lucky that I was in the radio station in Richland when the broadcasters were there from all over and announced to the world that the bomb was made at Handford Plant and all that.CE: SH:CE:SH:CE:SH: Yeah, so I was lucky to be in all of those events. CE: Well, how did you feel? You said you were shocked,And Oak Ridge and---?---.17
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1but how did you feel regarding the moral implications of something like this?SH: Wel1, the thought of it, I thought I 'd worked on something that was good for humanity, because after I got into being inspected on the job when I left---?- -- of it and got in as a ---?--- when I went from building to building and I had top secret clearance to go into every building that was in the two-hundred east and two-hundred west. And those areas were three miles apart.CE:SH:CE: SH:CE:Did you know or was this after the first atomic explosion when you became inspector?No, I was that then when it happened, but I couldn't think that they were going to use it to drop--To kill.Yeah, I thought it was for medicine or it is now being used for agriculture and for--well, I think that's a blessing now that they developed the atomic energy like they have.But when you said you thought that you had done something for mankind you weren't relating that tothe atomic explosion in Japan?SH: No, no, that came as a shock, that it could be usedfor both purposes. You know, a killer and then a builder up. You know it would help; you could use it18
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1for agricultural purposes and what not. Yeah , there ' s a thing that sure floored me.CE: How did the other people feel?SH: I don't know. There were just two of us together atthe time when that came over the news and we just stood there. "Well," he said, "you know, I can't bell.eve 1át." He sai'd, "That sure surpriásed me." I just stood there and gawked at him. And at the time the train went by it had the "A" and the "B" on the boxcars and that's what it was. "Tommy Baldin" IIsaid, "they've been calling it everything else.Look."CE: Did you discuss the implications with other peopleafterwards? I'm interested in knowing how peoplefelt. Because--SH: Oh, yeah. Then they became more what? You'd sayconscious of radiation. You see at first they talk radiation and you had to put preventive clothing on too so you didn't have all that contamination. Then after that they began to take more pride in it andmore were careful to put on the canvas shoes and the smock and the hat and sometimes the gas mask, the mask that they had for the--and use the geiger counters to check themselves more thoroughly, yousee.19
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1CE: SH:CE: SH: CE:SH:Before it was different.Before they were different, yeah. It's just use, youknow . nobody looking, they just walk off and ---?---drop it you see, and that was it. They were more careful after that. I know I was.You knew that this could be very harmful.Well, yes.Did you see results of it in the plant? Were there accidents?Well, yes. I saw, I had many of them. I had a friend of mine, he was filling this vat with this stuff that goes into one of the processes, and he just must have been sloppy, he more or less threw it in and it splashed back on him and he just died right there. He didn't have a chance, he was dead right in thebuilding before they could get him to the hospital. Well, what was it that splashed back on him?Well, it was high concentration.High concentration.From the uranium. Well, it was like some of the plutonium was in there you see that caused that. You see you have that one radiation that just cuts the skin, the other one goes through, and the other onegoes right through all of them into the bone you see, and then when it does that you don't have muchCE: SH: CE: SH:20
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1chance. But this thing hit him r ight in the base of the mouth. The other times you see the--and the building here. In this--this here 305 building orfinal process they had just one part of it j ust as i t goes through the--luckily the vents were made out of- -to keep the thing clean. No air or foreign matters could get into the---?--- when the process was going through for the final plutonium. W ell, you see somehow that caught on fire, and it happened that the thing burned out and the filter and the---?--- had just gone, left the hole and gone into the outer one, and otherwise it would be most likely that [it would] have caught on fire. So I had to go up there and check on that. What I recommended was that they put a shield over the filter because it seems that the fire started from the back end. A guy was using a little simpling torch and it got too close to it and set the thing on fire. So, you know, I made the suggestion that they put a shield over that thing. A cover so that it still get ventilation but still not catch on fire. So I had a lot of experiences like that forperty near eighteen years.CE: You were there for eighteen years? SH: Eighteen years, yeah.CE: From 1943 until--21
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1SH: CE: SH: CE:SH:Itwas'61.Until you retired? Yeah, yeah.Can you tell us about some of the people whom you met? Some of the famous people. Did you know what their responsibilities were? You were showing me--Oh, I met--I've met a lot of the scientists there you know. Being in my work, I used to when they would go to the different buildings and have these tests with agitators and that, they would check it to see how the material acted under so much pressure and certain speeds and that. They would go to buildings and we had buildings out of the way set up and then we would[have] just aluminum buildings like these huts, and there they would do their research. [We'd] set up things for them to experiment with so there wouldn't be much of damage done if the building did go, but I met a lot of men from all walks of life up there. Yeah, because I was kind of active and in everything; if there was anything going on I was there you know in the different orders and whatnot.CE: Can you name a few of the people whom you were, whom you met and with whom you were impressed?SH: Well, I just don't remember. Now the physicist, he was living in the barracks right next to me; I used22
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1to visit with him all the time. I used to go and eat with him at the hotel and it was comicai. Their minds are different than ours, you know, he would be eating there drop the fork and walk straight to the windowCE: SH: CE: SH:CE: SH:across the whole big room and stand there and look out the window. Look for the longest time, and he'd look around and everybody (would] stand looking at him to see what's happening and he would come right back and start eating just like nothing happened.He was thinking about using--He was a mile away from what he was----doing.Yeah, trying to eat you know. Something struck him and he had to go and get away from the noise and go over there and have a little quiet and stare out through the window. He would do that I don't know how many times.He solved the problem probably in that walk.Yeah, that, that's a characteristic. You can always tell the physicists up there. You know they werealways doing things different than we were. Well, they were thinking different; had their minds on other things you know, but ours were more or lessmore funner than theirs were and theirs were serious things. Yeah, it was--23
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1CE: After the Atomic Energy Commission inception andafter General Electric took over the facilities, whatwas the nature of the work? In 1946.SH: Well, the work was the same from the way Dupont hadit, because you see it was something that had a--what do you call it, a certain process to go through, but they had like they do in most companies now, suggestions. You know boxes--put in suggestions--and everybody that was working on something that had an improvement and idea, from then on they improved on it, and General Electric pays for every suggestion. They give them whatever, I think it's a certain percentage of what they save the company in doing this and that you see. ---?--- and they sure made some radical improvements, good ones¥ Because the first time when they started off it was just going off in the darkness; it was just like research; every day they were working their way to more light. You could tell that from when they were just using bigconcrete slabs you know.CE: For what purpose?SH: For radiation. Then they started in with lead, yousee, to hold radiation, then they started out with stainless steel. So you go from feet up to just inches. You see how the improvement has been in the24
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1field, and it does a better job than it did the first time.CE: And those were protective measures. Y ou' r e t alking about---?---SH: Well, for everybody, for the people out working here too, you see. Like when they would go into a breakdown the men could only go in there for so many minutes and come out because they took all theradiation they could stand, and then they couldn't goback to work for another eight hours.CE: Did they know even when you began working that youcould be exposed for only a short time, they warnedyou officially?SH: Oh, yes. They have the man at Oakland, his foreman orsuperintendent would be there to say, "That's it," they single them out when you come out. A lot of them they it all depends on the amount of radiation that was in there. How many minutes they could stay in, do the job. It's different than any of the other different fields of industries. Yet it is a big industry you know, the plutonium and all of thesedetails that they make that they get this radiationfrom.CE: Did you know where your finished product was goingand the significance of your finished product? 25
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1SH: No, they used to say that they were putting it in acave out here. They did have a storage not far; in the area they did have a storage within a kind of a hill. They dug it out and fixed it up and it was like a bulb where they first kept the first one of the bags that came out of plutonium. They have them all over now because they' re shipping to all the university labs and to the atomic power plants that are being built. You see, GE built, I don't know, two or three of them already, atomic power plants, so they would send this fuel to that plant, and they would ship this here by plane and by trucks and by plane or by trains.CE: But you didn't know specifically where it was going then?SH: Oh, no, because they had guards right next to everything. Guards were standing there when it was being delivered to guards there when it was being shipped in and so it--no, everything was guarded. You couldn't get close to doing anything and nobody everknew where it was going. You would always think it was going on Timbuktu or you know anyplace but the right place.CE: But you knew that the finished product was plutonium though?26
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1SH:CE:SH:I did, yeah. Afterwards, yes. Yes. A lot of them did, the ones that worked in the back building like you see here, this building, they all knew that. And over here--Which building is that?That's the 305 building. That's where the finished product is made, the plutonium. It's shipped from this here two "W" building--! mean this 204 building here in the two west area. They would ship from the back building there and they would put in it trucks and it was just down about a block to this building here, the 305 where it's completed. There they have the agitators where the uranium is put in these agitators in this long building here and it's-- Processed.Yeah, and then it's processed and put in a truck and brought over here and they bring it in the back end of this building and it comes up. On the second floor here is where they have all of the---?--- which the uranium goes through to become, be made into plutonium. And it comes out of the outer hole overhere as liquid in a--out here, and then in here it comes out like cottage cheese.You mean that's what the finished product looks like?CE:SH:CE:SH: And they have finished the product. You can have it27
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1in liquid like they use in agriculture, you know to put in the ground, but that's the way they have it. They keep it up kind of like--all kinds of ways. They've got [some the] size of baseballs covered with stainless steel. Cut in half and put it in ---?--- the material in the center and lengthwise, and then send them from place to place.CE: Now when General Electric took over this facility was the work then geared primarily toward peacetime work?SH: No, this was definitely to stop wars.CE: The initial product or initially the product was forsecurity purposes, but then wasn't experimentationdone at the Handford Plant for peacetime uses?SH: Oh, yeah. Yeah, yes. That's what I say, they were in the group, delegates for all these researchers and physicists working on it. Then they begin to find out you can use it in agriculture. Then they built hot beds in the one-hundred west area and had all thedifferent vegetables in there and then they would take and put these isotopes in the metal that is poured. They would put it in these machines and charge them to any strength that they wanted to last, for an hour or hundred years. And they would take those isotopes and put them right along side of the plants, and that's the same thing as the sun shining28
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1on it for twenty-four hours a day. That way you can see you don't have any draw in agriculture, and i t' s growing twenty-four hours rather than just lying dormant at night until the sun come out to work on it again to--this keeps it growing the full twenty-four hours.CE: You have instant growth.SH: And I was surprised you would see the grapefruitsthere and oranges the size of these grapefruits that we have because it was--just like it reminded you of capehorn, they were big, you know, and I've eaten them and they taste just as good as the others. The same way with the fish, you see they give those radiation. They have different pools, and so [there are] those that don't get any and those that get a certain amount and then a higher dosage and so on, and you know you can see the length in them. Right there. The same with the livestock.CE: And you weren't concerned to be consuming so much radiation that it might be harmful to you?SH: No, I figured that--! took it for granted that they knew what they were doing and I had confidence in them.CE: Because you were involved.SH: Yeah, I figured they know. Well, you know the funny29
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1thing, the older a person is they can stand more radiation than a young person.CE: That's interesting. I didn't know that.SH: Yeah, there's a higher count on radiation.CE: That's interesting. You said there was also a biglivestock facility where they were doing experiments with--SH: Oh, yeah. They had what they called the "$1,000,000" panther.CE: This all happened in what, the fifties?SH: Yeah, this is in what the hundred waste area. I don'tknow, in this area right here. In the book here you can see across here where they have the agricultural farm right across the Columbia River there. On the other side of the Columbia River there's where the hundred F area is where they have the livestock and the fish, and that they experiment on and that stuff ---?--- there.CE: When did this experiment begin, do you recall?SH: Oh, this they started I think after--oh, I think it was three, four years after it had been going prettygood. Then they came along with this agriculture andthe game and fish project.CE: After the war was over and when peacetimeexperimentation--30
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1SH: CE:SH: CE:SH:CE:SH:Just about the end of the war, yeah.What results did you see so :far as theexperimentation was concerned?Well, to me--Besides with these things grew very fast and they tasted good.Yeah, it's amazing. They are coming out now with all the books, and they give it now to farmers and let them ---?--- and this, these different isotopes and radiation and whatnot and the growth that they--But what result did you see in the facility in the cattle for instance?Oh, well they just got--the ones that got the largest doses of these pellets were bigger than the ones that didn't get any. Oh, yeah, they had about six to eight different stalls and they would have four to six in each one of those. You could see the different sizes in each stall.I wonder what effect it has on growth. That's interesting.But they were sanitary. They even had these--we called them powder puffs in there. They'd rub there noses and everything. The water was just pushed out in a fountain; the water came just like you drink it at the school before you put you head down in theCE:SH:31
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1water. Everything just--it was just better living than the people were getting.CE: SH:CE:SH:CE: SH:CE: SH:You mean the cattle were living better?Yes, more attention taking care of them. To see that everything was clean and nothing--it was amazing.Did they ship these cattle to a slaughterhouse forinstance after they were finished experimenting with them?Why I imagine. Yes, because they were always coming in with a new batch. Oh, yeah, after so long you see they got all the information they wanted and I imagine that's what they did with them.And they used some to feed you people?No, no, no. You mean--I don't know about that. No, the only thing that they would do with the fish, theywould put a seal on them.Mark them.Mark them and then put them in the Columbia River. And then they would swim up there and some of those people had caught them up there at Richland and they'd come in these kind of inland--there's a lot of fishing on the Columbia River all the time. They caught some of those and I don't know whether--Ithink they'd eat them too, because when they said when they got them they were in good shape; you know,32
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1weren't bruised or anything like so many fish are that have been handled too much.What other interesting aspects as far as peacet i me purposes for atomic energy did they experiment with besides the agricultural for instance?CE:SH:CE:SH: CE: SH:CE: SH: CE: SH:Let me see. No, I think those were the only two that I can think of now. Yes, because there was only one area when I was up there that had this project going. How many people were essentially needed at this time? Did it stay at the 50,000 level?No, no. They had around 10,000 employees. After-- After General Electric took over.General Electric had 10,000 employees on that plant, the ones that worked in Richland and in the office plus the ones out in the area.So it went from 50,000 then?Down to ten. Yeah.Right after Dupont.Yeah, and at last I think they were down below thatagain because they were becoming more efficient. You see, when they first got it out they used to have three four men backing up one man in case something happened to him to go in. Well at last they didn't need that and so they had fewer; just laid those offand put them someplace else. So I think now their 33
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1employment is much less and I think it is also because General Electric turned it over to about five different corporations to manage it now.CE: G.E. is no longer there?SH: No, G.E. went out in--let's see, about three, fouryears [ago] they went out and the different ones like Babcock and--oh, I forget, some of these engineering companies. They've all taken a section. Some are taking the two hundred areas, some are taking just the maintenance work and others have taken--well, it's been divided because it was too much for one corporation to handle. I think that's why G.E. turned it over.CE: But as long as you were with them those eighteen years--SH: Yeah, G.E. had the whole thing until now. Yeah.CE: That was really your home, wasn't it?SH: Yeah, I imagine the government had I don't know howmany FBI's in there. CE: Agents?SH: Well, I guess I talked to the FBI more than I did the others because we all went to lunch together. Eventually he tells me, he says what happened to the ---?--- You know, we just passed the time that way.CE: Did they have trouble, security problems I mean? Did 34
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1the agents ever have to--SH: Oh, everything. They would know everything.CE:SH:CE:SH:CE:SH:But did the agents ever encounter people who were not supposed to be there?Oh, yeah, I don't know how many times.They did?Oh, god. After they give some report you know they come take them off the job in a week.The security clearance wasn't always accurate in other words. Is that what you're implying?Yeah, some of them could cover up pretty good I imagine. It's almost like go under a John Doe, and the guy had a good record when he was a newsman, until you found out it was his brother or a cousin or something else. You see, so eventually--oh yes, Iguess there were a lot of--I guess. Well now, sometimes they say they had people there that were really disguised, but they got caught. They had quite a few instances like that down at the--what was it? The ones that they executed. The husband of Martha Green or Green ---?--- or whatever it was. Can'tthink of the name now, but they were picked up because they were working with the Russians.But you had no big spy incident?CE:SH: No, not then. No, we didn't, but what happened then35
 S I G I R D HENDRICKSEN # 1when I was in they got them.CE: SH:CE: SH: CE:SH:You found these FBI agents to be--Really good Joes, oh yes. Oh, sure, just like the rest of us. They were just doing their job; that was they liked doing I guess. You have to be a lawyer almost I think to get into the FBI.Law and accounting I think are the two--Yeah, yeah.--fields. As you look back, what are your feelings about the work that you did? What conclusions can you draw about the contribution you made?Well, I figured that how lucky I was to get on a project like what they called the Manhattan Project to start with, and stay that as long with such difficult surroundings you know, with the FBI around you could make a false move and all that. I thank the good Lord that I was able to put in that time because now I'm getting a small pension from Dupont and G.E. both and I was happy those eighteen years there. They went fast, I enjoyed every year of it, and I figured that what I'd learned there and saw ---?--- intobooks hardly a little later.CE: You've forgotten, haven't you already?SH: All of the top security is lifted. I don't think Icould have worked those eighteen years at any other 36
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1job and been as happy as I was working out at theHandford Project. Because I figured that I contributed maybe something to better health for people and maybe so that they'll be afraid of starting a big World War III and things like that. I think of all the time that was worthwhile and to have a part in it. I think I lived in an age that is like a miracle. You know, everything happens. You don't just see an atomic bomb exploded after it is made. Ithink that's in a day and age that it will never happen in one's lifetime again. It's just one thing of failure in one's life and the surroundings were pleasant and it was--I don't know. I felt more free working there than I did in any other work.CE: Even though you were confined.SH: Yeah.CE: By geography and the fact that you had secret agentsaround you all the time.SH: That's right, sure. I just enjoyed getting up to goto work, and that's the main thing in life for happiness is you like what your doing, and if you don't do that--so many of them didn't: they would call up there sick and get this and anything to keep from going to work. Well, I could see because they had such menial jobs that were confining. It's just37
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1like you say, you had one machine and you do the same thing. I never have, and I so I know I wouldn't be any good at it. It's people in that category I thinkwhy absentees are always so high.CE: So then you continued as an inspector, is that whatyou're implying? For the rest of the time after youbecame one you continued to do that?SH: Yeah, well because I was--you see, I wasn't confinedto any one building then; I was on my own. I then hadresponsibility that-- CE: And freedom.SH: Yeah, that's what I mean, and then it was up to me. I was my own boss, and if I didn't get it done well, it would fall back on me. So you know, when you have responsibility you're more alert. If you don't you'rejust lackadaisical, go down there tomorrow and so on, but that's the thing that I think is important in any work. Enjoy what you're doing.CE: After you left General Electric you decided to leave Washington and come back to California?SH: Yes, yes. Yeah, because my brother had this trailer bogged down here and he needed some help, so I thought I might as well. And I've been here since.CE: Was it hard to leave a place you'd lived in eighteen years?38
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1SH: No. No. I looked forward to it, you know the last--it's a funny thing, the last week I guess I had given up. I had a perfect attendance record for nine straight years.CE: That's admirable.SH: Nine straight years without losing a day.CE: You weren't ever sick?SH: No. And you know, you accumulate so many days eachyear. Well, you know I took the last week off on my days 'cause they were going down the drain anyway, So I just took them off and said, "That's it, every day I'll not be in." That's the only time that I was off, the last week of the eighteen years.CE: When it was--SH: So I had resigned myself, kind of worked my way offfrom the job so that I could forget as much as possible because you always say, "Well, you didn't see anything and you don't know nothing," and I say that's it. So--CE: And you left many friends.SH: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. But you know a lot of them cameand went and so on. I had a lot of good times off work. Oh, yeah. They had a lot of entertainment there.CE: Well, Mr. Hendricksen, I certainly do appreciate the39
 SIGIRD HENDRICKSEN #1time you've taken, and I'm very happy to have learned about your experiences. They are very interesting and you're very kind to relate them to me. I hope we can do this again sometime.SH: Well, maybe we'll get back to talk about some other subject then.CE: A lright. Thank you. SH: Thank you.[END OF INTERVIEW]40