       University of Utah Marriott Library Manuscripts DivisionAccn 1369Hispanic Oral HistoriesEsperanza and Gavino Aguayo No.1
 
    OHIEsperanzo & Gavino Aguayo 2-6-85L EAL EA L EA-~ L EA L EAL EAL EAL EA¥¥.full name and place and date of birth. Esperanza Aguayo AGUAYO. (middle name) Maria.(birthdate): March 7, 1932. (Born): In Bingham Canyon Names of parents.My Dad's name was Jesus.OREANELASOREN?r:.think that's it.ORENELAS. Aguayo. And my mother's name was Maria ARELLENO Aguayo. Do you know wherein Mexicoyour parents were orn?They were from a little town called Jesus Maria JALISCQ,, Mexico.What were they doing in Mexico?My father was a farmer. He worked. He was what you would call a tenament {armer, because he worked for someone else ¥. A tenant farmer.Did he ever tell you about what he did.¥Yes. They talked. I can't think what they - I think it was corn. For the tequilla, I guess. That's what they grow._out there. Is mostly corn.What did your father tell you. What__kirid of life.Poor. Very poor. And hard. But they worked. He worked as a very young man. They started. It's a big family with mostly all boys, and they started real young on the farm.
  OHIEsperanzo & Gavino Aguayo 2-6-85 sl:2L EA L EASo he got started working ¥.¥ Very young.¥¥ on the farm.What did he tell you (stories)It was hard. A very hard life. And towards the end, tlie.:revolutions ¥by the revolutions. The revolution that started atthis time. The year of this was the revolution of that. I thinkall their adult life was revolution. One revolution after another. He was really marked by that.Yes, I guess so.And what about your mother. How did she describe it?LEALEA .,- .My Mom was very bitter with the .revolution because continuouslyas a young girl, it was continuous. She'd say, 'The government would come in and take what you had. And then the revolutionaries would come in and take the rest.' (chuckle~) That's what she used to say. She told stories.¥::: One of the stories I think was very good. The way Dad and mother met was during a revolution. HerDad had three young teenage girls. And didn't want the soldiersto come in. And take the girls. So he took them out to the farmwhich he -- A ranch. It would be more of a ranch, not a farm. To hide them out. And it happened to be the farm where my Dad was working and that's how they met. They were hiding out and they met there. Their future husbands. One of my aunts and my mother.Two sisters married two brothers. Hiding out (ch~ckles) From the soldiers--revolution. So. It was always. Their life was. centered around the revolution. One revolution after another.
  OHIEsperanza & Gavina Aguayo 2-6-85 sl:3L What - how old were they when they got married.EA Mother was 18. Dad was 21.L So I assume they were intending to stay in Mexico. They weren't going to leave.EA Oh, definitely. Definitely.In fact, we were the only ones that left. Of all the families-of both sides of the families.L Everybody else stayed.EA Everybody else stayed. Oh, Ihad one uncle, a baehelor,came out. In fact, he was the one that kind of sent my Dad themoney to come to Bingham. L Really.EA L EA L EAL EAHis b~other, which was his--That was your Dad's brother.My Dad's brother was already working here.So the unfu~e actually sent the money.Sent my Dad the money. And then my Dad worked a couple of years to save enough to send for my Mom. And the two boys she had. She had lost one by them. Had died atit2there when Dad was here.Her oldest boy had died while he was here. So she had only two.The two boys she brought.You were saying something ¥¥about their religious.It was time-- The ~Cristeros, it was called. That revolution was called the Cristeros. It was the church. The government trying to out down the church. And in the child that my Dad and my Mom were from, they were very very strong - Catholocism was their-- My Dad'sfamily was very and had taken up arms. And so they were really being pe.rsecuted. My Dad's side of the family.
 OHIEsperanza and Gavina Aguayo 2-6-85 sl:4L EAWas your Dad the only one to take up arms.No, my uncle. He was the one who was here. Because, I remember the story that was told was: ~: ._.They called them all together and told them to tqke up arms and my Dad.had a very good pistol.And myuncle had a good horse. But'neither one had both. So my uncle said, "I'm single. I.:::can..If anything happens to me, you know, you'vegot a family. Let me take your pistol and I'll fight for both of us."And he's the one that took up arms. Which they lost. Theylost the battle. But right after that ended, my uncle came to the United States and never went back. he never went back. He's verydisillusioned. Becaase we lost (.laughs slightly). That's the story my Morn used to tell all the time. The fighting that went on.I don't know much about this battle with the government versusthe church.Oh, yes. It wasn't all over. It was just certain places. In fact, when Morn finally came, it was two years later, after Dad, and it was still going on. It was almost over. She said, they traveled by night. because the soldiers were still-- And that's the way she came. She said they traveled by night. By.t the time they got toa big town where they could catch a train. And she said even then it was still going on.What were they afraid would happen to them.Well the soldiers-- well, robbery. Or, - she was a young woman, still. She was, what, about 26-27 years old.She didn't want to get caught on the road.LEALEAL
 OHIEsperanza and Gavina Aguayo sl:5EAShe didn't want to get caught en the road. Those were the stories. But itwas mostly all revolution. All centered around the revolution. And my folks came. And it was because of the persecution.She used to say it was my Dad's .si~e of thefamily that was real-- had been persecuted. Because they were very very good catholics. Family. Catholic family. She said her family was mediocre. Compared to his.She sounds like she had some hmour, your mother.Oh, she did. Shecould tell stories likeyou couldn't bel±eve.It's a shame that as a young child you don't listen and write things down because later, you forget. But she had stories to tell. She really did. As a young girl. The revolution as a young girl. She'd say,"I was fifteen and the soldiers were coming into thetown and they put us all in one house and all therich girls gotput in the parlor and all the.poor girls were in the kitchen." She;says, "Who.would take the rich girls. They were all old maids. And we poor girls, we were all 15 and 16. If the soldiers wanted anybody it wouldhave been the 15 and 16syear olds." Not the old maid that were in the parlor. They were drinking tea. she used to say. How true that was--but she really - She was a very poor family, you know. And she'd tell us stories like that which would really have alot of humour in it.Youwere saying before your mother was kind of bitter.Against the government. Because they had to leave their land.L AEL AE
 OHIEsperanzo & Gavino Agyayo sl:6And their country.And she swore she'd never go back.Whereas, Dad always wanted to go back and retire. And live back there. Not her. She would say she'd never go back. She'd say she rather be poor here than rich o~t there. Because of the 9overnment. The Mexican goverrunent.L That's a pretty powerful statement. AE Yeah.L AEL EAL AE LAEDid they ever go back.They went to visit but never-- Dad, on his-When he retired, I think he01e time wanted to go back. And I said to him, you'll go back alone. Nobody will go with you. ,And I think that kind of put adamper on his plans to go back to live. He would have loved to have gone back.He was yearning to go back.He was yearning to go back ta...Mexicocto spend his last years.But he.would hve went back alone. Because nobody would have gone with him.None of ~u guys we~e readyácto go back.No, never go back. It's not our country.Did your mother tell you anything specific about the journey tothis country? How she made the journey or how your father had made it? Well, when Dad came, it was still easy. You know, you kind of--But here, as a woman. And then she said she had her brother-in-law come with her. And her brother-in-law was 15 years old. But she said he really did a good job and took care of her. Her and her two little
 OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo sl:7boys.that were traveling. Because her family was thoroughly against her coming. And they wouldn't help her to come. You see, theyyou know, someone likffier brother which wasalder could have come with her. But they thought if they told ~er no,.you'll go alone, she wouldn't come. But her brother-in-law, which was a fifteen year old boy, said I'll travel with you. And he did. And that's how she came. Becuase she said her mother was very-:very mad--bitter for her tosay I'm going to go. Because they don't want her to come. And myDad promised faithfully it would be only for one year. And then they would both go back. They never made it. They were just never able tomake it back. But she used to say, "Yourdad promised me one ~ear. One year. That's all I needed to come for." (laughs) and they never made it back.L One year. AE Yes.L AEL AE L AE LWhat did they .think they could do in one year.One year. And then the depression hit. Our house burned down.They lost everything. They just never got back on their feet enough to-- you know, they thought could work. Save some money. Go back. Never made it. Never never did. Never got back on our feet.OK. No.wá-=J.,~'!-~~-s-1.<?~--=do'!Il¥¥._ Youz: mother_ walked part of the way.Oh yes.And then went the last part by train.By train.Did she come over here_legally or illegally.
  OHIEsperanzo y Gavina Aguayo sl:8AE L AE L AEOh, no, they were legal. My Dad met her at Lerado. They were legal. Your Dad met her in r.,orado and brought per up here.Yes, they caught the train and came to Bingham.Did your mother ever say what it was like to get up here.Oh, she said,-- Talked about the ~=c~in. ONce, across theborder, she said she was afraid. THey told them all these stories.Not to eat this. And she said, People were really being kind on the bus to theboys..That they'd give them things to eat. And shesaid when they weren't looking, she'd take it away from them and put them in her purse¥. She wouldn't let them eat it.What was she afraid would happe~She thought they were going to.hurt them or something. And then .:: when she - she'd say when she first got here, my Dadhad put a mt of can foodLl in the cupboards. And she wouldn't touchit. The canned food. Because she had never had anything to do with that. And she said, one of her neighbors would come and say, 'Oh, youshouldn't eat that. You better give it to me." (chuckles) All the canned food my Dad had bought, you know. To get ready for hercoming. That~s thecnly thing she used to sya. The canned foods and the people that were really good tothe boys on the bus. They would give them things. Get off the bus and buy them things. She wouldn'tlet them eat it. Because she didn't know what they were. You have a good memory.L áAEL
 OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo sl:9AE OH, yeah. I should have remembered more.L You remember very well. So they came by bus. TheJast way. AE Yes, the last way.L From Lorado by bus?AE They went. She said the bus. She used to talk about theend side one begin side twoL AEL AE L AEL AEGA?¥¥may, .but I don't remember. Because she said it took them a long time to get to Salt Lake.Erom Lorado by bus.Yes. Because she said she didn't know why they'd send them that far. You know, around way.Hmm.And your Dad, I guess, had a place.Oh, yes. He already had an apartment.In Bingham.Yes. They used to have. Apparently,~the way she used to talk, it used to be big build apartments. Big buildings, I guess.On stilts?Yes, I can't even imagine. It was the kind tha- was stories high. - -You know, up the side of a mountain. Now, they didn't have thosewhen I started working, so I don't know.¥ Big houses. The way she used to say, apartments.It was one big apartment
  OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s2:10GA AE GAnE~ GA AE GA AEGAIt was apartments.On top of each other.IT was four story wooden hotel type. Not a hotel. An apartment house, I guess you'd call it now. But it was about four stories. Wooden. I couldn't tell you how many families there.They didn't have¥.¥And the way ~-i,:.They tore those down by the time I was--Yeah, they tore it down.But I remember she saying there was different, a lot of families living in e one ¥¥It was about 4 stories. Then±. was built up on the side of the-- well, like this, but the hill come down. Becuase I remember one time when I wasplaying with Lopez, we used to pull tires intofigure eights and sit on them, youknow, let them bounce up. And i got off and it flipped him over. And the _ _ _ ¥ And I re:-:-.ámember that, so I remember the apartment.How far did it go down.Well it didn't go down the bottom because I sa id the hill comedown like that. See. So it didn't hit. It wasn't-- it didn'tgo straight¥¥.¥so, but I remmber that thing. That tire. Is whatI remember. We'ád both get on and we'd hold it. And I got off and it .flipped it over that. And I've always blamed myself for - his head was sprt of long. Of course, maybe that:~s naturalL GAAE0 (laughs)
  OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s2:11GA but I always figured that it was because I knocked him over that railing.L You mean head long.GAI It might have just been= 1ike his regular features. (laughs) But.AE I've got to remember that one.GA That was G Lopez.L You want to sit down.GA ¥¥.¥¥I never listened to rnymother that much. I remember some ofthe thingslike that but I don't really¥..AE0 I'm sure you didn't remember when she toldus about the revolutionGAL GAand things like that.I know it was. there. And I know it, later when I was a kid, I used to see people in themovie houses. What I can remember from that i is people hanging from the poles, on the railroad tracks.You mean, hanging.Yeah, they'd hang the people along the railroad tracks fromthe telephone poles, you know, the cross arms. Thatused to bein the aws. becuase when I was a kid there, I used to see them inthe news down there. And I knew that was the reason we got out.I don't know where or which part, or whatever. But. That was partof it.áThat's a pretty gory memory.W ell,it's like, see it in movies, I guess ¥..But if it was real, it wouldhave made for a pretty ni ghtmari sh scene.L GA L
 OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s2:12GAAEL AEGAWell, it's the same thing that you see in the -- I remember seeing pictures of China the same way. It's part ofthe way of life, I guess.Well, it was better for us thatáwe came.Y eah.If it hadn't been for that, we'd be over there. becuase nobody elsecame.When I - I guess I was 4 or 5 years old, but from telegraph, thiI can remmeber, Mexico, I don't really have no ink.ling. I remember just a little bit of a room. Dirt floor. And my mother . sweeping it.Can you rememl:>er that.When we went to MExico, our cousins could remember you. Our older cousins.But that's about as old and as far back as I can¥¥¥¥I remember sweeping off the dirt floor, out 6~ the door. A little room. A little room- from my memory, it couldn't have been much more than 'bis kitchen. You know. That's all.That's right. No bigger than this. The houses. Hmm.But from then, like I said, from - that hotel, or what you want toAEGA Yes.AEGAAEL GAcall it, apartment house~ that telec~:-:-:.:.ááhome. Eromi_the:;-e, we moved to Dea~.- ville. And we stayed therethat was our first
  OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s2:13for -- until we moved EA Until we moved (laughs) both: Until we moved here.GAAE GAAE GAAE L GAAE LLone. And finallyMy Dad did not like tomove. You can put that down (laughs)Well, he didn't want to move when they come and toldus they were going to tear the house down. He'Wl.nted to move down to lower Bingham. He still wanted to jump. From one house¥..He still wanted to go down-- Well, it was far from his work. And''Mom didn't like it either. moving.Yer father liked Bingham.Well, I guess he liked it. His friends were there. And.like I said, his work was there. And I guess he didn't want to get away fromit, but you know, they come and told us. We didn't own the house. It was company house; we didn't own the .land. It was justa matter of: you've got so many days á.:or something, it was months,I guess.It was hard¥. It was very very hard for them to leave.The first place. Which was the house that burned down.-burned down.was that the first house you were living in.A dif~erent house in Dville. One burned. We moved over to another -- still in the same - in the same --
  OHIEspera-zo y Gavino Aguaho s2:14EA No, the apartment houses were the very first. GA That's when we come--, h . Tats wen my sister was born. My older sisterYeah, that was Telegraph.What we first moved to was Telegraph, it was called.And then we moved to Dinkerville and that's thehouse I was bornin. In 1932. And when I was about 3 months old. It cuaght onfire and the whole thing burned. All we saved wa one old trunk with old¥¥¥¥with nothing¥¥¥With old things, of just junk. in it. And. my mother had everything packed becuase they were, you know, -- In fact, sheused to say, she had all my baby clothes beaause she didn't want me to use it becuase they were going to go back to Mexico. They were going. And everything burned.It burned fast.It went fast. They said. They didn't take nothing out, huh?No, we just got out, that's all. I rermnember thel'.abbits in theback. That they had. Not us, it was- I think it wasbecause that's his house.They ha.djust moved from there.Yeah, they had the rabbit hutch in themck. i rememer going to school the next year with the girls shoues because that's -- I come out wihtout shoes. And - remember? Who was the family taht.¥.EA hThat pace. And then we moved. To Dinkivillewas born in there.GA EAGA EAL EA GAEA GA
  OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s2:15EA St--GA No, the girl died. Remember she was 6.EA ::-_a l a .   GA Sacramento was his---EA I can't remember their last name. Sacramento¥.¥ GA She gave me a pair of shoes.EA Her name was T.ola.GA She was -- girl. She was wearing flat oxfords, so you reallycouldn't ~ell. But that-you know (alughs)EA My mother used to say that Stellac__~~~-enstein was oneof thefirst people to send us some clothes.GA Yeah, but she was the rich lady in theá town.EA She was the rich lady in the town.L Which-GA Tha was our rich lady. elopenstein.L Copenstein.EA Stella Klopenstein. But my mother used to say, say whatever yousay about her, but she was the first to arrive with clothes:~forthe kids. LReally.GA See, the house that bruned down was right about in here. So we really weren't too far. It was a good picture to see. There'sa flat spot righ tin here.
 OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s2:16EAThey never build ever again. And that was known as the house that burbed. The Place WHere the House Burned:.. ..:::-_That:!.s ....the. way it wasYoud say, "I'll meet you over there where the house burned." Years later, you're still saying. I'll meet you over there where that house burned . .That was the only house that got burned.Well, at that time. I didn't know of any other. Maybe before. But when we were that was the01ly one...That ever burned down.Did you ever find out how or why,it burned.Oh, no. ERobably heaters Wood heaters. Or stoves. Chimney used to go up through ~here like this, and there was really no insula- tion on them. You know, around the attic or antyhing. áso itSo it was an all wood attic.Yeah. I think it's that. It could:-.= á: have been anythingelse. But-- it could even have been kids playing with it~ I don't really recall anything like that.Yeah, but it burned down. Completely burnecsoyou moved from there to another house right in D~~~-ville.Well, right axt to it.Almost next to it, a hundred yards. Another company name.That's apretty funny name. Dinkyv1á11e. How did it get that name. It's those old railroad engines. We call them dinkeys. I think that's a name that's know through probably all the west, too, theknown.LEA Yeah.GAEA L GAL GAEALEA GA L GA
  OHIEsperanzo y Gav i no Aguayo s2 : 17dinkies. They' re _, .:.:.:i_tune type of an engine. You know. And t hat's where t hey used to park them. See. The yard.EA Right :bthe f rent.GA Right in the front is the - like a railroad. There's only tworailroad, but one was a parking and one was a ----, the rail- road would come around here to the other side, see. But right there was sort of parking- what do you call it - swtiching. Switching line. In there. And the- used to park their dinkies on there too. That's what they were called.EA So they call it Dinkieville. Tne Dinkies. From a dinky.L DINKY¥¥¥EA I think so.GA Yeah. I think that's the word. But that's where they got Dinkyville.Those little steamers.They were the dd, tie first littleLEAGAEAI'm just curious¥¥.what are your ~emeries of Dinky ville?Of the area.Happy. Very very happy, Friendly. happy. I mean, these mountains were y.our playground.á..Nobody ever gothurt.Nothing ever happenedto you.That's what I can remember about that. You know, we were poor ande verybody sa ys we're poor and now we know we   poor. But really, at that time¥¥¥ We didn't know it, you kow. Wewere happy.-:little steam engines. Almost like a trolly
 OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguuayo s2:18GAeven the time of the depression, my Dad worked one or two days. Something like that. of course, you'd go into hawk to the store.For the groceries and everything else. I remember that. That's what I can remember about paying off .the barber, the show, with foodL GAYou paid your bills by giving somebody ¥¥¥Yeah. like I said, like the barber, I remmeber taking cans - whatever cans, I don't know what was in them. Mother just gaveL GAEA GAbecuas eyou could buy that on credit. See. no money, but the food was(alughs) There wasThe loaf o of bread, Iremember because that used to - that seemed to be thestandard ticket. eun the movie house.And he'd take a loaf bread. Of course, the loaf of bread was I think 10 cents. So you paid him back.That's a great way todo it.Oh well¥¥¥¥.Like I said, it probably ~eally was poor. B- You know, I've seen slums in Chicago. And that - Now that's what I sued to consider poor. Becuase they~were so juml;lled and so dirty. And I didn't think that was--And we wre not dirty. We were clean.You know, ti's a town,ik~s poor, but±ti's got the hills; it'sgot open space. So youreally can't get dirty. You know. our home wasnt that pretty like that. But I remember some of the people inyou can, you know, go get a h2i:i:cut. Or something.
 OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s2 : 19thect:her homes. They fixed them up pretty nicely. They had nice yards. Nicer than we did. (laughs)EAGALEAGAEAEA GAEAGABut I can remember my Mom clea-ing the wooden floor with lye.With lye to make it clean. Just ágcrub--throwing the lye water withlye and just scrubbing it.But we did have fun. We had littleDiqrouget a chance to roam through those hills.Oh, we knew those hills by heart. Wild flowers. Youcould pick as many as you wanted. You'd go up and pick the choke cherries. And just a .bt of fun. Picnics. Whenver you felt like it.Now, this gulch h~e~, they come through here. That's thebig demp that yo.u can proabblysee fromthe freeway out to that- the Yosemite Dump. That's theRight on the flat. we used. tol cl.L:: 'the..saddle. ' Right on thetic of the saddle.And the top of the hill.That's your ,so why becuase it keepsknocking this dirt off and poruing it over the other side.Another thingkAnother thin you can say is that you made friends. You still have them 20-30-40 years and they're still your firends. I mean, there's friendships you can't ¥¥.It was a close town. I dent know know whether all mining townswere like that, but it was close.hills.
 OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s2:20EA L EALEALEAEALEverybody helped eve;ybody.I've heard that said of ¥¥.Yeah, everybody. I remember in house, if the mine was on strike, my Dad would buy .coats for     'My - my Nina's kids. Andif it was mu Dad, my Nina would buy~it.Nina is your--My godmother.Dos:á: Nina mean Godmother?Yes. It means godmother. We were very close. Like they wereLI used to call my grandmother Nimi. But That was just a nickname. Nina is godmother. Our families.' Well, !guess in my family, wewere the ~ly ones here and they were theO'lly ones ¥ So we kind of just kind of grew up together. My godmother's family and us. That's family.{alughs)What happened to your fahter's uncle, his b~chher? Didhe reamin in Bingham or did he leave.EAN o, he left. He romaed. He roamed andyou want to know what really happened to ~~-fianlly? Some Black guy killed him in San Francisco.GA Walking down the street.EA Just walking down the street. And killed him.GA There wasno robbery nothing. Cop says I think it's one of those¥¥ end side two
 OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s3:21begin side threeGA...bad.bad bad bad bad-- horrendously bad. Ridiculously bad. T errifyingly bad. Really bad ¥ . ¥ . [?]He worked on railroad construction type of deals, an9 I rememberthat he always had money. He used to come to visit. That was payday.We'd get silver.dollars. That's the only time we'd get silver dollars. He was a good uncle.He couldmake things. I remember the first thinghe ever made was one of these little pedal carts. Put the axlewith pedals.-~ ~ junk-junk cars. The side of the hill there.He wasHis work as railroad construction mostly a lot time. He used to come back and forth. He used to work here in the Great Salt Lake alot of times. I don't know which railroad it was. Probably no railroad, because it was a construction company that used to work probably for any railroad.Hire itself out.Yeah. When they were laying track or building the yards here in Ogden somewhere. I think they were building a round house or some- thing. Here in Ogden, he was here.He always kept contact with my Dad. The rest of his family he lost out in Mexico. B'ut with my Dad and thefamily, he'd always. In fact, he--My Dad died in the last part of December and he cameout for the funeral. And he says, "I'm going to retire in a couple of years and I'm going to come and stay with you. And I thought,EA GAL GAEA
 OHIEsperanza y GAvino Aguayo s3:22L EALGAoh, Lord, that's all I need. (laughs) I did:.accept it. And - threemonths later, he was dead.We brought him here, all right. We brought him here to bury him. But that's what happened to my uncle. They took something really important away from us. Becauseáwe didn't know anybody else. We didn't know our uncles in Mexico. We didn't know our aunts. We never knew our grandparents. But this one uncle we knew.Your family was so cut off.It was a big family, but we were cut off. And he was the only onewe knew. And we lost him. Right soon asá~we lost my Dad, we lost him, too.May I ask you something. When you were growing up, what are the memories you have of your parents.I can't really recall becuase I don't really think I was closeto my Dad. My Dad, I think, he was just work. And I think he spent all his time working. I was never really -- I can't really say,I don't think he understood me. Maybe I did him -- because I remember when we first come, he kept me out of school becausewe were going to go back to Mexico.And he didn't want him to go to school -He didn't want me to learn bad habits, I guess --go to school with girls.(laugh) So - he thought that way.He was from the old country. The old country.But he never- he wasn't strict like a - anything like that with me.:In fact, considering what I've seen some of the other boys,EA GA EA GA EA GA
 oHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo S3:23+thought he was pretty lenient. But I don't really think I knew him. I don't think. I couldn't understand a lot of - why he never learned, like driving a car, which seemed to me wo~ld have made it so much simpler. But he never would try to--EA No, he never tried to learn~GA He never tired to learn. I don't think he wanted to adjusteither. I remember when they used to rave -- give classes - after school, he was still the old .idea that he was going to teach us all Spanish ways, Mexican ways. Teach us. he didn't. We did learn to read and write, though,. that wasiit. That to him was important. I remember what was important to him. You know, the Mexican Club.EA That was his culture.GA Now, that was one thing that he really enjoyed, I think. He enjoyedfunctioning in it. He used tolike to make his speeches. á.:rtá: used to amaze me how he could memorize his-- He had good memory. He could memorize a thing from memory. To give a [speech}. It's the old time patriotic speech type things. You get up there.EA A ll memorized.GA A ll memorized.L What was the name of the club.EA It was first called Norifica. And then later on, it was called----Miguel El HemanGA Oh, that was way later.(laughs)GA rthink they were trying to encourage favor with Mexico. Back downthere to recognize them or something.EAThatá was my night - time.-
 OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo s3 : 24EA GAEAL GA EA GAEA GAL GAThe MExican civic clubs.Thats all it was. It was a way for them to get together.They used to whole their dances. I . can remember that.The Patriotic on the 16th of Septmber and the 5th of May. They have their big programs.So your dad really held onto theMexican¥..He did. I think he did. He did.He did.And I think I used to give himbecause I thought it was holding him back. I thought he shouldhave acepted where he was at. I never believed that he was going to go back. I didn't see any reason.He didn't have anything to go back to.You know to go back to whathe was doing. There' was just no way of life. It's just not-- He was holding on to what he remembers as being good. But, I think he was forgetting the reason he left. But,It still meant everything to him.I think it did. I think it meant more to him probably - I rememberhe was very hurt when they drafted me. You.._know, that I didn't _____tr.y to get out of it.EA They tried every which way to get my brother not to go to service. Becuase first of all he was not an American citizen at the time. He didn't have to serve if he didn't want to. Andhe said he wasany~hing like that
 OHI .Esperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s3:25L GALGAEA GAEAgoing, my Dad said, Gosh. My uncle out in Mexico said, hey he can come and live with us, there's no problem. Andmy brother says, no, I'm going. That really.Even at that late date, your father still felt--Yeah, he still felt. Later on, I think he acepted it all right. But up until hen, I think he still had hopes, Iguess,you want to call it, that he was going to go bac. But like I say, I just don't know what he was going to do. He couldn't go farming. He was already too old. He was in his 40s. You know.Interesting. About your mother .. How do you remember her growing up?I don't really. Im not really good at that. I know she took care ofus real good. that's about all I can say. I think we had a --good parents. I do. They probably gave us more leeway than most that we've seen. Like I say, ¥¥They' weren't as hard. á (laughs)They gave us just about~everything they could afford. whatever they had,I can rememberlike for Christmas and that, in the whole little conununity, sometimes of our friends, we would be the only onesthat would everget a christrnas present. Because our friends didn't get nothing like that. For the Sgh of May or the 16th of September, we'd get a new dress. Even if she had to make it, she'd make us one. Get it. My friends never got anything like that.
 OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s3:26LGAEAL GA EAGAEAYour parents were a littlem:::>re generous than most.I think 'Chey were better. I dent really have no impression just how much like that--but I know they were good¥¥.I know when I was growing up, my Dad had it real bad.~ mean, I remember when Lola got s~ck.She's the one next to the yougnest. She was a sickly baby.going to pay thataff. But.How much was it.I can't rememberlow. But at that time...She had spent most of her-- Oxygen tentshad no insurance.Nothing like that at the time. Of course, ff they had made :'.PU pay cash at that time.But my Dad paid it off. Time by time, he paid it off. She was such a sickly baby until !think 3 years old. she was a sick baby then. And my brother followed her and hewas as healthy as could be.SO it's a good thing about that.I remember thatpart. Because my mother would spend so much time with my sister and the baby.:rcwas the baby.- ¥-¥-=-.how_did_you_view your parents growing \W_.._ ___I remember my father being a very strict Mexican with the girls.LEAI mean, there's alot of things the girls were not allowed to do. L Like?GA Dating..in the hospital. We
 OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo S3:27EAWell, that later. Inyour teenage years, you accept that. But as. a young, little girl, you weren't allowed to play with the boys, kind cf a deal. I mean, that was - you leanred to do housework if nothing else. Which is a good thing too because we didn't have to do the aitside work. Thel:oys did.What was the housework that you did.Oh, like dishes and thingslike that. Which - the bigger you were the more you did.Helping your mom you mean.YEah. But we didn't go out and8chop wood o~ antyhing like that either.And I can rememeber some of the ether girls. They treated them like boys, almost.Likesboys. And we weren't.That's what I felt was kind of¥¥¥¥Yeah, they went out and broughtin the coal and chopped the wood. Broughtáin the water. We didn't have to do thingslike that.You had to bring water into the house.We never did. We had water in our house .. We had running water. Lateryea~s, we had running water. In my yeaxs, we had running water already. In "MY" years, we had running water and plumbing(laughs-both of them)We didl'l't when we started. [When we started] we had to bring the water from --It was one faucet down the middle, down in here.L EAL EAGAEAGA EAL EAGA
 OHIEsperanzo y GAvino Aguayo s3:28L GAIn the middle of the town.Yeah, down there. Just a pipe. Where the ~rains and the crews would come down and fill up there with water bags. So that's where everybody. Just a faucet ¥ .No pump type. Just a faucet. Yout.uam.:it on. But you carry water. In the -- the kids that had them, they had the nice yokes, You know, with two buckets. Otherwise, youcarry one pail. With one pail , áyou'd -(laughs) They had those big ones.Yeah.I used to envy them. Theones that had them.They had it made.Yeah,they had it made, I thought, with those ~ekes. You knowWhen I had to carry them by hand.YEah-, you could carry a lot more water. And easier.Strapped to your shoulder.Outdoor privies. You know. We had them.We even had them inthat house when you\ere -- about. Of course, we did get plumbinglater. Company come in and put it in.I can barely remember the outhosue out door. But mostly I remember the indoor plumbing and water already.What a big difference these few years made. 7 years between you two.It really isn't thatnuch. but I didn'tEee what he-- I wasn't. So you were sayingyour Dad was ¥.¥L GA EA GALGA L GAEALEAL
  OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s 3 : 29EAWas strict. Old style with the gi rls . Yes. With the girls .There were four of us. My younger sister don't count. when shecame, they were real lenient with thei()unger ones, later on.But with my older sister and myself, we towed the line. Certainthings - alot of things that girls do not..do. And I remember onething my Dad would always say is, He'd say, Why don't the boyshave to do it. And he'd say, It's a shame if you have girls inyour house and the boys have tod:> dishes. No one in this house!When there's girls, girls do it.It was just his way~.IT was really separate¥~-- the two. worlds. The worlds between them.another thing I remember. There was never really fighting. There [was never] -,,-1-::..2 fighting between brothers and sisters. There's fighting betweensisters, maybe. but between a brother and a sister, I don't thinkthere was that fighting. Because it was not allowed. You think that?DO you think that?I don't recall fighting.No, you don't - you didn't. Betweeni sisters we f9ught. But be-tween brothers andsiste~s, we don~t.Even with my brothers, I'd maybe push any, things like that.And.-We don't_fight._-=---Like some of the families, my gosh,they killed each other. Andit was allowed. And in our house, it wasn't allowed, the fightingbetween brothers and sisters. Between sisters, too, like you~say you'd scratch and you'd--L EAGA EAGAEA
 OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s3:30L EAPull a little hair maybe.(laughs) Yeah. But not between the brothers and the sisters. Thatwas a little taboo kind of a deal. My mother was very strict.But, if she knew we wanted something real bad, she would try and get x for us. Like if we wanted to go somewhere, you'd try toget my dad to let us do it. So she kind of took our sides. If she was against it, forget it. Becuase there was no way she was going--------t-o-move-.--She-used-to-say,"it'-s-best-for- you to cry than for meto cry later."Later in our teenage years when we couldn't unde!stand why.we couldn't do this. And somebody else can do it and we cant. She'd say. "Cry. I don't care. I rather you cry ¥¥ "end side three begin side fourEAGA EAGA¥¥ service ¥¥¥Yeah, my mom didn't think it was all that. You had to kind of-- And my Dad did. My dad thought, you know. YouHad to go to church.You had to. ThatWis really. And where my Mom thought, oh, it's all right. You don't have to be doing this all the time.(laughs) My Dad was very- But he come from a very Catholic family. -_-He was -=ra.Fsea- very -cre1t-g- 1ouslyl-.=-MyMother used to say his mother - used to ground the corn, she said she'd put the children aroundher and be grinding the corn and be reciting thelible and doing eveyrthing. That's the way she gave her lessons. She was continuosly giving them lessons in there.
  OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s4:31That came from, what would be my Grandma. See. So my Dad--it wa drilled into him. And. We rebelled a little against it, he just couldn't understand a lot of times, youknow. á:1,--L Why.EA Because he towed the line.L Didyou rebel againstit.GA - I -don't think I rebelled. But I 'd get -- but I don't think itL GAO EAL EA L Ewas no rebellion. I think I got lazy and --something like that. But I did. And! remember my mother probably told my Dad, ¥.let him go, just forget it.So your mother sort of stood up ~or you guys.h, I think so, I think so.Oh,. definitely. And! think when Morn died.And she died about 7 years before Dad, Dad was lost without her. Just completelylost without her. Because! think she really was the one thatheld it together.So you felt that loss tremendously.Definitely. Yes.Whaykinds of games do you guys remember playingin your childhood. My Morn used to let--We used to play your rnexican games alot.- I can't remember them too much. It was alot like ring around~e rosey. We used tm.play. And I think it was the <l1l.e with a little handkerchief also. And this other lieel game that - oh, you used to lay on your back and you'd kind of. You were supposed to be kind of like a - a pin or something. It was just
 OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s4:32- little games she taught us for years. But that was when [we were] little kids.L You'd be lyingon your back.EA Then you'd just kind of. You tock turns. They'd say this this this.Andyou'd just make a little ' noise. A little rhymes. IT was all in r~ymes. Little rhymes. My Mom taught us all that at the time. I can't remember [now]; we were little then. [GA doesn't remember that one]GA The games I remember are mostly--L Street games most?GA Street games, we played. We play~d all the time ball. - all ballgames. And other games like - They've kind of disappeared now. Like the.marbles and all that. And1he ones with the ¥¥¥the ball that lookedlike a cricket. You know, thebritish cricket game it looked like. We called it - kick the can or something. I forget now. You roll the ball and try to knock the cans. And somebody else hitting it with a bat. game. Then all the games like scouts play with the belts. You know,you be in a circle and you drop a belt to one guy and he gets to hit thenext one unless he can run away around the circle. That tyype (laughs)L How did that go?GA You get a bunch of boys in a circle. Somebody's got the belt andhe around and he gives it to somebody - back here with themlt. L So you can't see who has it.
    OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s4:33GA You can't see. But he sees. So he gets to hit thenext one.to him until the other guy. runs around the circle again.It's -E It was very visci ous.GA They were kind of rough games. We used to play all the games withthe sowrds and things like t~at. Now, those ere vicious. I don't know how we didn't all~t our eyes poked out. Fencing with wooden swords. Now, those got rough. Rubber.¥ I remember those as oeing fun. They don't- play witli-tfiem a nymore. r a on 't see. Maybe it's becuse there's no more rubberhnertubes. Instead of thiswhat do ou call them, b_u__  and all these synthetic stuff. They don't stretch like the rubber ones.L What did you do. D~d you make a out of the tires.GA Yeah, strips of rubber. 3/Bs, quarter inch. Took rubber, made the shape.of a gun. All you actually needed was a square. Clothespin mn the end. Put the rubber over here. Over th~ clothespin. Puttwo or three with little nails on them. You have a repeater. Bring them up over here. And (laughs) Close your hand an the clothespin, the rubber goes out. You put a knot in the center and it really goes out good and stings, you know. So.L Right.GA EThose were big games there. Sling shots. Like that.see - my folks. Like - a girl. our friends could come to our house which was really a reunion where they all could come - they would adl come to our house to play. Becuase we weren~t allowed to go any place else. So our friends knew that, see. So our house was~ -wh~re- eve-rybody came to play. As young girls. We weren't allowed ¥ ¥
  OHIEsperanzo y Gavina Aguayo s4:34LEL GAE GA E GAto-- we weren't allowed to go certain places. Some folks houses we~ could not go out there. My Godparents. I was allowed to go to yygodparents. I mean, we lived there. But that was fine. And theylived at our house. But others. But we had lots of friends. But they had to come to our house.That's funny. My parents did that with me, too. they wouldn't letTHey could come and. they'd be there all night be we weren't--And they knew that. our friends acG~pted that from us. And theyknew when they came to our house, they - we were going tohavefun. But we weren't allowed to go to somewhere else.Did you have more freedom being a by than she-did.Oh, I think so. I don't ever really recall not being able to go Never toldaá ' . h h' d Isomep1ace. -~-o ___, on t go wit im, on t go with that one. Boy we were.We could go anywhere.and stay, late. Playing night games.we go past 9 oclock, my Dad would goout looking for us.I think I had a good childhood there. That was good childhood. I don't really. I tdnof like to have been .- like here.::.ip~Kearns where you have all of these nice ball fields and all that. We- used to play on -twolanes- of track and st.-ill -playing baseballon them. And you'd get so you'd run over the track without even looking down at your feet. I don't know how we did it - we didn't cripple ourselves on there.
  OH!Esperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s4:35L GAL GAEGAL GALGA E LYou were playing ball on the railroad tracks?Well, you know. two lanes are flat. But still the tracks sticks up. they weren't flush. But that's about the widest spot you had to play on. See, the rest is a hill. So you played - like maybe 20 yards. A lot of length but no width.You had to learn to hit straight.You hit straightá;;. If you hit it over the bank,it was out.(everybody laughs)Everybody knew that! Everybody knew you hit it over the bank, you were out.You were right handed becuase ifáyou were left handed,_you were always out.You were constantly/Back handed was all right. But we used to play there. Like I said, now they've got all thse beautiful ball fields and everything.Maybe they have ore fun.but I doul:>t it. I've always thought that organized sports wasn't as much fun as what we did.A put together game. Put together. Choose our own.When I grew up in N.Y., mostly we used to play games on the streets, between parked cars.That's about what we had ¥.¥ narrowYou didn't have an over thebank is an out, huh?But we nad apartment buildings on eacb].-"side. Not exactly h,i:-lls,moun~ains, but mountains of buildings.
 OHIEsperanzo y GAvino Aguayo s4:36GALGAYou had cars and windows more than we did. We'd break some windows but we didn't - that really wasn't theproblem.We didn't use a hard ball alot.Most of ours were hand made. We really couldn't afford a real baseball or softball. I remember when they came out - I don't think they were nylon socks. Which are the ones that used to unravel.We used to make the alls out of that, out of women's stockings.You start from one end, they'd unravel. You'd start with _ _ _ _ winding them up and then ypu.put on a couple of layers of tape. You'd have aball (laughs) That's what we used to make them. I don't think áthey were nylons because nylons don't do that. They-musthave been theold time cotton stockings. Or something like that. Becuase that's what we used to do. If you really had a baseball, you wouldn't use it. You'd save that.to:::'play~'catch. To practice yourpitching, but not to hit over the bank. That's. it.MM.We really didn't play with good equipment until. Well, like junior high when summer, ~hen you had playgro-nd, you'd go down to Coppertonto play. Now, that was a big deal then. You know. You played ona regular diamond and they'd give you bats. And (alughs)Lateron, they even got uniforms, hilh?Oh, well. That's what I say -- You used to get all the merchantsto buy ´OU a hatr And that was pretty good. And if the´'d buy a sweater, that was more,. that was something nice. With their nameL GAEGA
 OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s4:37on it. -v- L Mrnnun.E We were all Mexican families. And everybody was in the same kind ofpredicament. So.L Most of the families in the Dinkyville area were Mexicans.GA Most of them were. When you had a white family, it was unusual. e__had.._ s_ome_lat_er_on. _But.__there_wasn' t too many. There wasn 't.E The Carters. And he thought he was Mexican (laughs).GA The McDonalds. They used to live by     E Yeah, the MacDonalds. I don't remember them too well.L About how many families do you remember in that Dink´Ville area.MExicans.Would you say there were a half a dozen or more. E Oh, more.L A dozen.E Oh more-L A hundred people in that area.E People counting children? Yes (laughs) Counting children. GA I'll bet you.there was 30 houses.E Gosh, some of the familis had 12-13 kids.- GA- ~ ~t was a-Jarge community (laughs) There were alot of people there. L And everyone there in that community was hired by Kennecott.E Yeah. Some were the US Mines.GA Some were the us Mines. That was the underground right underKennecott. us Smelting~ Th~t_is what i_t _was.
   OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo s4:38LGALGA LGAL GAE GAAmerican Refinery.No , it was US Smelti ng at that time. They- they've gone out. Theysold out and disbanded the compnay now. But it used to beU.S. Smelting and Refining.Now.¥¥.I'm not sure about this u.s.smelting and Refining was unde Kennecott. Under it.One edge of it. --Under it:-- -Yeah. they took. I guess you'd ca111he high grade because they could fo~low it. Kennecott would pake it out.by the shovefulson top. They didn't bother with following gold and silver. Mostof that was lead and zinc t-at they were getting out. Probably some silver. Butit was lead and zinc mostly what they were mining.Kennecott was mining the low grade and they were mining-- Low grade up on top. And - the mine here. The entrin fact, it's this. This here. U.S. Mine right in here. And they'd go - it was right underneath.My godfather first worked for the US Mine. And their other opening later on, it's inwell,Lark. That was there, another entrance they made from Lark all the wayanother shaftthrough the mine - When Kennecott started qigging all this up. See, it took their entrance~ out. Sothey came over to Lark and- dug another one through the mine, through the hill. To get at the same thing. But they finally went broke. The lead and zinc prices went dowo. They went out as a mine. They stayed later as- but they just sold - not sold,
  OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo s4:39LGAEL E L EGA EL E GA ELbut liquidated. Liquidated and gave it all to the stockholders. So there's no more US. Smelting.So almost everybody was working out at the US Smelting or the Kennecott.Yeah, there wasn't too many. I remember an old guy on the~ ~ - á They used to. No, even he worked with Kennecott. But he -- used to lease on hrs-own. he had a 1ttle-mine on the side of--bina? .Chubena?How do you spell his name?Chevita.CHAVITA?Ahuh. but that was a nickname. He was an old bachelor. (doesn't know what that name means) I don't know his real name.He used to lease.We were not allowed to go over there. (laughs)But I remember. Do you know what else I remember? He had a wooden leg.A complete wooden leg.I think from the an~le. He had a wooden leg.From the knee.--=-r=ao-n¥t remember. - the kids one time, at the dump, wefound this old leg. (laughs) Chavitas! Oh dear. (laughs) We played in 1be dump.You found an old wooden leg.
 OHIEsperanzo y GAvino Aguayo s4:40E An old wooden leg. And we all wondered how he was going to get around.L Becuase he has lost his leg. E Yeah.L Oh, man.E There was a lot of things to do in that little town.GA We neverused to haveto go to Salt .Lake for anything. I remember'ct´7asn'runtil- o-h-everyconce-in a--while-,-when we'd make a trip, we used to make abig trip to Salt Lake, was going to what used to be the Wasatch Springs up here. That used to be the big trip.You hit the bus. The- to Wasatch Springsor whatever school You goend side 4begin side 5GA ¥¥there's still very -- I haven't paid much attention tothem. =they used to beBut that's about all you could afford. You put infor the Wasatch Spring, I don't know 25-50 cents.L Like a school outing. Right?GA School. Scouting. Whoever put it out. That used to be the bigevent. Otherwise, you didn't come to Salt Lake. There was noL What did you have here.GA Oh, you had movies in Bingham. You had one in Coppervillefor a long time. When I was little, we still had a movie right down below, from the hill down here. even.
 OHIEsperanzo . y Gavino Aguayo sS:41E GA EThey didn't have it when I was -They didn't have the movie in Copperville when you grew up.No. I can't even remember going to [salt lake] I was old already I think when I came to Salt Lake for the first time. I can't even remember when we came.'! was a little girl, I remember goingto Lagoon for some outing. My uncle broughtus to Lagoon one time. AndI thought we had left the state (laughs). but other than that. I remember whenI was going to go to the 7th grade andnother brought me into SaltLake to get2me a permanent. That's all I remember. It was a big thing to go to Salt Lake. It was a big thing. You didn't have to go--Well, there was no cars.We didn't get a car in the family--_G~~- got one first. When I was in the army, he got that model A.Soyou joined the army in '43.Got drafted. 18 years old.ThatWls big event in the family.Oh, mother never got over it.It just killed her. She just said, it was her oldest boy. She ju~t never could. ShE:_ tried so hard to send her to Mexico andhe wouldnátt go. And then he saw so much action. So. It was really hard on her. Yeah.But at that time, I remember most about that. I was a junior inGAE GAL E.. L EGA
   OHIEsperaznao yááGavina Aguayo sS: 42L GAhigh school. Al-J.:;;.the senior class, just about all the boys were gone. My classs had maybe 3 boys left. The sophomore class was gone.Kids drafted.Most of them joined. That's,what I said. And in fact, not to goI think would.have been something that wasn't done. I mean, it just wasn't done. That's it. I never really thought it was anything. They said to go. Theonly thing I did ask. I did want to finish high school. I really felt bad about that. But they toldme, you don't .have to go. But it might affect your(laughs) when you go to apply, they might hold it against you for your citizen- ship. So I would have gone probably later anyway. Like I said,I would.have liked to have finished high shool. That was kind of¥¥ Didyou finish high school after.No, never did.so you really felt that under the circumstances you didn't have too much of a choice.Not that much. Becuase like I said, all your friends were gone. So'Wlat were you going to do if you.were the nly one here. Andnot to go. You know. It's just --I think it's the opposite ofwhat it is now. I think the thing is you stay out - more power.It wasn't the same. I said, all the class was gone. I remember going on a baseball team for a championship somewhere up to Logan or Box Elder and by the time the game come around, the Navy called up about 4 of our team. The airforce called theirs up. anyway,L GA LGA
  OHIEspera nzo y Gavino Aguayo sS:43L GAE LEGALwe ended up playing wit h mostly sohomores . Becuase I thinkMe andand I was catching. We didn't have any senio~s. Because theschool wasn't that big.So when1hey .all go,. you know, other schools had alot of other more kids.Was this Bingham High.Y-eah,-that was Bingham-High. There _wasn't that big of a schoolat that time. Not like now. Now, they've got a thousandkids or something. Of course, its down in West Jordan. At that time, Bingham High reallt wasn't that big. It was justa small school. Not too many kids. There was not - especially boys. There wasn't the bys.Alot of girls but no boys. Yeah.Did that corranunity - Mostly Mexican- Dink}Nille, that was mostly Mexican, did they stick together pretty much. Did everybodyknow each other.Oh definitely. In fact, like~ say, the friendships are still there. You meet each other, still, and it's like. Gosh, I come home. It's just - Oh,I . think actually the whole thing up there. We've got friends. Like I say, -all through town. People who lived up in Highland or odwn in Bingham. Like the ones I 'áá-:.: worked with, I've known them all my life.WHo are some of these older guys that you know. Thatyou<all as friends fro~thos~ days.Mantoya were t he only j uniors. He was pi.tchi ng
 OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo sS:44GAOf those days. Like I say. Tax. Fred Neria I don't see him. I don't see him 20 yers, but he's still thedown below on us. And ¥ (laughs) We used to fight all the time. And then we're playing games. Ones in Copperton. I can't even bink of his names now.NERNERIA.:_ :L2.l S In coppe~ton I remember because I played ballwith him from almost from the time I left CopperfieldThey're Basque.LeoLosoro. I think they're Basque. OSORO.I played ball with him for a long time.All through high schoolThose I knew good. A lot - Ral up in Highland. There's alot of-- KALLEN.That~s a:lm0st likemy name ¥¥¥¥What are some of the Mexican families that you're~ still close to.Oh, my goodness. I - I - Well, Pearl Neria. Extremely. All herL E GAL GALK ..LCGAsisters. And she has four of them.And her sister Mary. Ah. All of these are my commadres. It'shard for me just to say their first name. Corranadres is I baptized COMADRES.And then I have Comadres Stella. Thse are the Florez's family.Agnes. Evangeline.
   OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo S'6á. '{"Another real close family to us. L FLOREZ?E Yes.GA Naschisto that is another old one.L Related to John Florez.E No¥¥¥¥¥¥GA Is this the politician~in Salt Lake? Yes. That was not that one.E '.l'his is another Florez family all together. And I know all..:oL áthern.Their family. And there were twelve of them.L What's their name. Theoldest one.E The oldest is Jenny. And Jesus. Their brother. And Cornpadre Ferda L You are comadre for all of these.E Not just -s orne of. them, Most cf them.And then my Cornadre Stella. And then there's Louisa. L Lousia Florez.E Yes. There's 12 of them. Ven ida. L Did Jesus workup there too.E Yes at Kennecott.GA He still works.E My cornpadre Ferndinand is just getting retirement.GA He's getting disability right now. His sister said that he goti t ¥¥¥E My cornpadre got it. I~rk~with one of his.L Y ousay Cornpadre. Or corn--E Cornpadre's the man; cornadre's the woman. (laughs)
 OHIEsperanzo y GAvino Aguayo sS:46E GA E GA E L E L EL E L E L E L E LEL EAnd then the Gonzales family. They were another 12 of them. There's another one that's getting áretiredDavid?David.And brother Mike--Why wouldyou be a compadre for David who is your age?N9, not David.His children?He's not my compadre. My Compadre Ferdinand. Florez. I'm compadre to him.How old is heHe's younger than I am. I baptized one of his boys.Not.him, his children.His children. Yes. His children that we baptize.So are youcompadre to the child. Or to the man.I wo'i1ldbe his nina.His nina but the compadreIs the parents.I get you.JusE a little clearing up.And then the Gonzales family.And then the OCHOA~~ Part of them are Gomez too.They married into the ~omez family.No, no- They're - One of the father was Gomez and the other father was Ochoa. But the same family. The same mother.
  OHIEsperanzo Gavino Aguayo sS:47L ELGAEE GA E GA E GA L E L ELEso you have --All of those Mexican families.So you have the - Neria . family. And the Gonzales. And Gomez and Ochoa. And Florez. Five families here besides your own. Six family. This was just the irranediate¥.That's awfully close.Then there w~s the Contraya~ ~~mi!y_ a~d~hey moved. They_ rnoved during the war. CONTRAREZ?And the EspinozasThe Espinozas árnoved to California too.They moved about 1942-43. During the war.They movedait to California.What other families. Oh, the Moyeras.Oh, I think they all -MOYMOYEDAHow come you pronounce the D like an R.I don't know.And then in later years, the Archuletta family. They were very.This is about 19--Yeah, the New Mexico people moved in to Bingham. And these others---are New Mexico people. L OKGA.:.~ c::i. ¥That¥ás-;:right t-oe. They were - they were all - the other ones are Mexicans.
  OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo sS:48E All those others are Mexicans, from Mexico. Their parents.L OK. This is really great what you guys are saying. It's a goodrecounting d5 it.E The Arcilulettas;' The Martinez~s; the Lebos. (New Mexico)A LEYBA.E Luciano. Oh, what about the V.aldezes, they came before. They wereone of the first ones. Oh, Delfina and them. Sanchez¥ and . There were a wholebunch of those that camein. Thosewere the later years. Those were my grade school. During mygrade school, these families moved~in.L A ll these are New Mexicans or maybe Colorado ¥.E New Mexico. All New Mexico. P~~~-' New Mexico. They all camefrom the same town.GA PEN - It's that funny n with the little mark ASCO. Penasco E It was a bic;f.:J_e town boy.L Now, it's ve£y little. (all laugh)E We were mad at them, we'd say, You come from Penasco. So.That's about - There's probably more I can't. GA The Montoyas.E Oh.¥.neighbors for years. They were New Mexico. They were New Mexico. They weren't Penasco people.L Good place to stop for the moment. (Sets up another interview time)But what you were saying is interesting. That you felt that the family was self enclosed.
 OHIEsperanzo y Gavino Aguayo sS:49GAYeah, I think that has a 1ot. to do with it. There's really no traffic through, so you don't get no visitors. You don't get no tourists. Except to look at you. They used to come later to look at themi.ne and that. But! mean, you don't get traffic, like as if youwere in Midvale. Nobody going by and all that.A lot of times, you had every thing up there thatyou- that we felt we needed. I guess, at that time yo didn't know what.¥. But at that time we thought that was all there was to it.You thought the rest of the state was like far away.Yeah. To take áa bus, I really¥¥.L GA end---=-=- -_--_ --------~-------
 
  OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85EA That was the happiest time there was. That was reallygood times, I ' think. Ihad a class of maybe about 20 kids at the time. Maybe 9 girls. (laughs )There wasn't - we had double class, like I had 4th .and 5th together. 5th and 6th were all together. So you were always in the same classroom. And. You justhad--it was just good times for your - what youca.11 - what you call them now, you call them field days? All we did was go to the mountains. That's all we had.That was your big field day. And ifyou were lucky, you gotto walk to Butterfield. That was the big big -field day that you had at the end of the year. And tbat was the 5th ~nd6th graders.L how far away was that?EA Five? But you went over the mountains. You went over themountains and you came down the other side. Boy, that was a big-- And then you played games and you had your picnic. And then walked home. That --GA There used to be a lodge up there. EA It wasn't there when I --GA Y eah, i t was burned down.EA By the time I grew up.GA When I was a kid, it was still there. But all the windows a-nd doors were gone. The walls and a lig fire place (were left standing).
 OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25- 85 sl:2EA GAL GA EA GAIt was a beautiful canyon.A l arge - l arge park. Had a little stream. It come out around by Butler down here. And and a little stream out of Butterfield.What are you describing - the building - what was it.I think--A lodge.A little lodge .¥. Sort of iike what you _1,vo~ld call what thepark service puts up now. Building for everyone to use.Had a big fireplace. I imagine sometimes they must have had a dance or something. It was a big open hall. But when I was there, there was nothing exceFt - All that was there usedto be just the walls. I remember we used to camp over there.And we'd stay overnight, we used to sleep up in the attic, to keep away from the animals that we thought were up there, you know.(laughs)WhenI was growing up, thre was absolutely nothing.Nothing left there.We'd go up in the rafters ¥...Were there animals?Not anything like that. Bobcats. Bobcats were always up there. They- used to say mountain- lions. ~ ve never seena mountain lion. Though. I wouldn't doubt it. At that time. It was real woody.Up in that side there. But I've seen bob cats.called wild. Deer Porpupi nes and all that was ther e .Rattlers. But anything else, --EAGA L GA
  OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85 sl:3EA You used to say there were wild dogs, was that true.GA (laughs) wild dogs - dogs were all over. But there's no wilddogs. Just the same as what you find out in the field sometimes.Owners leave them out.L Did any ever get hurt by a bobcat?GA No, not that I know. We used to hunt bobcats when they werea little older. They werenothing but. They don't hurt people.They're just too small for people.L What do you remember about schoool.EA One of the first things I think we should put down. Is. Whenwe started school, we did not speak English. We must have had a terrific first-grade teacher. Because by the time we left first grade, we were speaking English. And I thinnk that in itself. Her name was Mrs. Whooten. And I think we all had her.L Hooton?EA I don't remember her first name.GA I think it was HOOTEN - something like that.EA And she disciplined because I mean, you didn't do nothing. She'dhit you with her ruler. (laughs) And I remember whenI went to school there was about 6 or 7 Mexican girls.We all went togther. so we were a g:-oup. I mean, Vi weren't about to - you know, we went into that school. We were going - and - ah - we went to first grade. Kindergarden. Ithink we went all together til about thethird grade and then we started,the family startedAnd there was about 6 of us, the same age, started at the same
 OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85 sl:4 .time. There áwas others-maybe four boys at the time. Mexicans. They were all from the same little community. We must have hada good year, that year I went in. Because there was lots of us. What I do remember is not speaking English. And by the timeyou were out of first grade, you were speaking English. You were counting. You know your alphabet. By the time you entered2nd - firstgrade, you were just up with the rest of the kids.GAv EA GAI think that's one of the things.¥.I don't know how you comeout interviewing out in the valley, but they've always said that about Bingharn_people. I think you did learn Enlgish. That's why I've never really agreed with these bilingual type classes.And that. I think they should just throw you right in and -- Sink or swim.Becuase I remember we had a lot of Mexican kids. In the area that we lived in, the grade school, and then all ofaround Bingham itself, and there were other Mexican kids and other foreigners. And by the time you allgot together to ego down - Well, you started down at high school fromfue 7th grade. So, it was - that's about the only time that you really met all the rest of the kids froma:-ound the valley. Becuse you really didn't get that close togehter. There were--in town. And there was really no reason to mix. So, by the time you got to high school, though, and youall come together, I think you all pretty well - you didn't have
 OHIEsperanza 7 Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85 sl:5EA GA EAGALGAht e hangs up of not learning the language. You know. You learned it. And I really think that Bingham was really a lot of better than what went on -- Even now, I see kids that surprise me - Mexican kids coming out of these grade schools and high schools in Salt Lake that tome, they can't speak Enlgish. They can't speak Spanish. I don't know what they speak, to tell you the truth. Th~y just don't learn it like they were supposed to, I don'tthink.They aways have an accent. Yes, they have an accent.They have an accent. And they should have lost that in grade school.And you'd think - well like m- sister here, I think we speak pretty good English. And ár think most of our family does. But I thinkif you talked to any Bingham people, they all speak just as well.All the Mexican families that were Bingham and New Mexican.Yes, the kids. Now, I'm talking about the kids that had to go toschool. Not the parents and that. But the kids that went to school. And I think it's for that reason that they really didn'tclassify you different, yuou know. That's why I always blame bilingual schools, new methods. And I just dn't--Don't separate them.I don't buy them.Don't separate them.I just don't buy that. I don't that - They say they want to save their old time customs and that. That's a goodidea, but you canEA GA EA GA
 OHIEsperenza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25- 85 sl : 6do that wit hout , you know. You don't have to keep them i n theirown - You say, you ' re supposed toUte Indians, down in Deu schene. See,they've done the same thing with the Indians for so many years. I think they shouldhave done away with those reservations f rem the beginning. You go back inthe mid west or somewhere like that say in Oklahoma. You speakwith the Indians around that territory, they speak English aswell as anybody because they weren't on no reservations The indians on the east coast have disappeared.Now, maybe to some people thatmight seem wrong, but I don't really think!.the culture was that - that much to begin with (laughs) I'm really wrong. On that.I have a real strong viewpoint on that. And what you save on the culture. And I don't think it helped the people,: at all.L So you think one of the things that elped you become a part of society was getting thrown in with all the kids --GA Having to learn English.EA And we learned it. We gad good teachers. They must have beengood teachers. YGA You don't go out. You don't go out with a viewpoint that somehowyou'renot as good as other people. I've known all the time thatthere's people better off than I am. People smarter than I am. __!'~_Rle _richer than__!__ am. But Ive never_ be~ ieved !,her~ was any that was better than I was. (laughs) And just the different--just a different way. And I think- I really do thinkthe community up.ther, maybe there's others around like that.But I think that's the way they should be. They should be handled.
 OHIEsperansa y GAvino Aguayo sl:7EAGALGAL GANot like they 're tryi ng to do here now. I just don't think that- I've got. My other sister, Lola, she's a teacher. Now,she teaches bilingual and I just don't think that's a good way--But she teaches it more or less for the ki ds t o learn a second language. Now, bat's not wrong. That's not wrong.That's all right. Like I've said. The whole - the heritage, I think that's good too. But I don'tthink necessarily that you have to .. Justhold back on what you're supposed to learn. Becausethis, you know....I understand ..What do you remember about school, when you think about it back then in Bingham.I remember. To me, I think the biggest difference now - I can only remember about 3 or 4 tachers in theschool at a time. You know, you don'thave that big groupthat you have now. Of teaching.You don't have as many teachers.As many. You know. And maybe, like said, the fact that a teacher stayed with her class for so long. You know, itwans't 30 minutes and then you run off to another room and another class It was, you stayed in1hat class and the teacher hadto do this and then you changed your book and you learned this.. And,--They didn't have .Periods?L
 OHIEsperaz ay Gavino Aguayo sl:8GAEA L EAWell, they had periods. But it wasn't running so much like going to another class and to another teacher becuase there wasn't that many.Even the principal was teaching.When I went, we doubled up.Was your experience as good as your sisters.I remer.lber it being good. Like - most of ours, like our playing and htat. But. I don't really remember too much of that.Actually, on the classroom work, I must not have done muchI guess beucause I don't remember (laughs) that part of it.All - Oh I remember a lot of things. The way they used toteachus.Where was that school by the way.It weas in Copperfield. It was upper Bingham with - what'sBingham now, it must have about two miles further up the canyon. What' left of Bingham now.It was called Upper Bingham. Wasn't it?But it was Copperfield Grade School.What did it look like?It was one of thsese old two story, square, brick building - with an auditorium. Hall (laughs) stairs ..Yeah. you had first grade and second grade down at the first floor. And then you had 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th on the second floor. And the auditorium was one thebottom floor. And that'swhereyou had everything.That's where the community held their christmas parties, you know--Santa claus came and the kids there.L GAEAGAEAGA
 OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85 sl:9EAL GAEAGAEAL EAYou had a stage. Andyou'd bring your own little chair down and sit to watch the pogram. That would come in.Any especially feared teachers?I remember one that they always complained about - but after got principal, becuase he used to pinch your hair.But I don't really recall that. Youknow, used to pull you like this. But I don't recall.I don't either (laughs) they were very strict but they weregood.I remember, someone, "He's going tosmack you, he's going to smack you." But I don't recall any that were really that bad.I can only remember one big fight in the 4th grade between a teacher and a student. And I remember it scared me. They just fought. IT was a woman teacher and male student, one of theboy students. They fought. Actual~y fought.I remember it scared me to death. But actually this was going on in the classroom.What did this come about from.Oh, Ican't even recall that. I can remember who did it.(laughs) Who fought but -- and it was a young woman teacher,I can recall that. But I don't remember why they got into it. th'But that's about the only tR~t I can remember, having a fight. _-___lill acEu~l fight in th~ classe~oorn..: -GA I don't remember watching a fight. Like btween a teacher and that til I got to high school. About a sophomore, I rememberone of the boys fighting with a school teacher. That's about the only time I can remember.
 OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayp 2-25-85 sl:10EAL EAL EAL EAI can remember grade school. He was a 5th grader and I was a 4th grader. And bey fought it out. And she was young.woman teacher. I remember± scared me. That's about the only time I really thought, oh, my gosh, what's going to happen.What did happen.I don't know becuasenothing ever happened. He didn't get expelled or nothing. So I really can't remember that. I just remember the fight.Was the police called in.No. The princi~al got called. I remember, he wore these bigold work shoes, cloghopers. And he kept kicking the teacher with his big old work shoes. And I remember her being a young teacher. A single girl, woman. She was our teacher. And I just really--How did she holdher end.She just kept pushing him, I think and he kept. He was a bigby. He was big. It was Duggie. end side 1begin side 2GA I remember we used tohave what you'd call gang fights.We lived up Dinkieville. down Copperfield, so every once in a ahilw we'd go--L Sothe Dinkivill kid wouldbe fighting the Copperfield kid.GA Yeah bat's mostly what it was.EA There was no gang fights when I was growing up. I remrneber whaI heard of the great gang fights with - my brothers..
 OHIEsperanza y Gavi no Aguayo 2-25-85 s2:11L GA L GAEA LWHat kind of fights.Oh, nothing - no big t hings.What was a small fight like .Usually two or three end up doing all the fight ing . The rest standing around watching you. (_laughs)A big fight ... (laughs)What were the fights about.of thebig kids. Maybe the big kids used to have a reason. AllI know is they say we're going to go down and fight Copperfield, so we'd all go down. You.know. Usually in the school house becuase that'W3.s theonly place that was wide enough to have afight -- you know, the school yard. So it was down a couple of staircases from where we lived and they'd cme up - most of them lived downtown. You know, the school house near the top of the town. So it was a central meeting place, Iguess. But I don't ever recall anybody getting hurt.I don't either.You Ead about teen gangs say in L.A. When you takeup guns andknives and something Ji.ke that. It wasn't that kind of fight.It was fist fighting you mean?truth. But that's about the only kind of fights I've been in. Now, individual fights, you know, there's always some of them.EA GAL GA---á- -------- Fist fighting. Belts.I don't even recall seeing sticks. ...clubs, but I don't recall that actually to tell you the
 OHIEsperanza y Gaviono Aguayo 2-25-85 s2:12LGAL GALGAThere were always those.That's a different thing.Thoseare different things. Theycan go about anything. Butthose that supposed to be between your own friends. Those didn't have nothing to do with - the town.Didyouget into any fights. Wereyou a member cf the gang.Yeah, But I don't really think I -- We didn't fight that much. But - I used to fight once in a while like that-- but Idon't recall there being - you know if I got a bloody nose, it was a lot. (laughs)Didyou do things as a group - the Dinkieville gang.Go places as a group togehter.MOst of the time just playing. I don't really think it was thatmuch of a thing. I think - I know when I- As soon as I got upto say 13 or 14, I know for my part, Iwas playing sports. AndI didn't realy get into a groups you know like that. Ah..those of us that used to play in summer. The bus would come up and they'd take you down to Copperton, the playground. Soyou could spned just about all the daylight hours, 6 hours or more,you'd leave at 9, you'd come back at 4. Or something like that.And± was just01e long day of playing. That's about all it was. And you'd get bigger, then you start into organized sports.LNow, I was more organized in sports than maybe inor anything like that.What got you into group sports. what cgot you interested?group
  OHIEsperanza y GAviono Aguayo 2-25-85 s2:1 3GAJust liked it.I justliked it. I always did care for sports. I was not that good, but I liked it. But. Usually that's what most of the kidsdone. Like we used to think the ones that were - we used toL GA L GAthink they wereplay. Now, those are the ones that were smoking, drinking. Now,those are theones that are what you'd call now I guess trouble makers. Whether they were that bad or not. But they were the onesto us becuase they couldn't play. You know. That was it. There was nothing else to do.Sothey kind <f were on the rutside.Yeah. on thewtsideOf things going on there.Most of themes I remember - they were that reason on it.I know all themes - whenI went to class and that, they were the ones that I was close to. I know the one that lived next doorMontoya - We started playingball when we wer little kids. We ended up - like befre I got drafted, we played for the state championship in base-á,1ball. He was pitching, I was catching. We lost. But. that was - that was - that was as far aswe got on it. But most of the kids up there, they ended up playing á ---psorts. Like I say, there wasnt the gangs like you know, likeI said, most cf the ones that I can remember - Panaloni, Jones, those kids - and then like I said, Panaloni - youcan't say hegot bad - he was a policeman. (laughs). We always said becuse theycouldn't do nothing with him, so they made him a policeman. (laughs)on gan~s. They were the ones that couldn't
 OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85 s2:14L GAThat's funny.That was the group like that. They wereáon their own. Now.We were playing and they were outside in the halls, or something like that. But to say they were gangs.They're not - It isn't the type that like you read in thepaper. Not that thing - nothing like that.Who organized those teams.I'll tell you. WhenI was small, the one that had the responsibility was San He was a baseball coach at the high school.I guess the county must have paid him.Sandy SANTI. He was a Basque.Stevens. Ste--Yeah santi st-- like right from the beginnig. If you had anytalent at all, he'd spot it. He'd- wait foryou so when-likeI said you went to high school - atleast to the school at the7th grade. Well, In the same building. It was all combined.Junior high and--You'd start at that time and he' d:>e watching you. You'd playball. Football, whatever. And he'd - So he'd - he took care ofthat part of it. He was - he had good baseball people-but he_ had a _lot of advantage, I thinkl because I think Bingham was probably the only school that had organized playground, like you have little leagues now all over the state. The state didn't have those thingslike that at that time. Bingham had it.L GAL GAEA GA
 OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85 s2:15Other parks didn't have it. They didn't have nothing like that. L Didyou have anything to do with organized sports...El!. Girls didn't do nothing. You stayed at home.~y mother used to say if you didn't have nothingto do, yousat andyou took a thread out of cloth. See, you made things.You'd take the threads of. It's called tatting or something. L Really?EA(aughs)She'd say, you don'thave nothing to do? Take threads out of the cloth. So you'd take strings out of cloths. She didn't like you to be ?Ut. She just wanted you to be doing something. You learned. You learned. I learned to crochet I think when I wa 7 years old. Becuase she sat me down and said, you're going to learn.WHat else did she teach you .Cooking. She taught us how to cook.How did she do that.Oh, just by showing or saying hey - you're going. My sister and I-she'd make a big pan of dough. And half for you and half for you. And make tortillas. She'd roll half and I'd roll half.we learned early. Kids nowadays - girsl nowaday, don't even know how to make a tortilla. I know my nieces don't. And I've triedand tried to teasch them.And they forget!I sat and I've tried.I think that is different - now, though, then and that- f-as far as girls' interest goes to school. I remmber there there wasn't really nothing.Nothing for girls.L. EA LEAGAEA
 OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85 s2:16GA You know, like Gra plays. band. More like chorus or something like that.EA And then you'd have to buy your instruement and who could afford your instrument.GA But there wasn't really anything like swimming, tennis, golf. Or anything like htat.EA Nothing for girls. No softball.GA~ No _nothing.___________ _EA Noth9ing for girls - for girls there was nothing. We used to gettogether and we'd play, you know. Softball. Just us. The girls. Together. Not .organized. Just 4 or 5 would get togetaer andsay, well, let's play ball. Or play kick the can. Or you'd play run my run. Just games. Or you'd just sit on the stairs of your house becuase they're just wooden stairs.And you played major L Spell it.GA HE used to have a talent. EA Radion show.L Say his name again.EA Major BOW?Do you recall major bGA BOWES I think.EA--Major Bowes.GA His--- ontv. Real corny.EA Used to be radio because there was noNo TV.And they'd say, let's play Major Bowes. So we'd all sit on thestairs. And someone would say, well, I can sing. Soyou'd get up
  OHIEsperanza y Gavino Aguayo 2-25-85 s2:17L EALEAand you'd sing. Well - or someone else would get up and say, well, I can dance. And - I once got up and said I could hula dance and got a licking for even knowing how to hula dance.(laughs) You did?My mother said, who taught you that!! Surely you did not learn it in this house!She got really upset.She was very upset with me. I had seen it in themovies. AndI thought, oh, ~ee nothing, I was going tohula dance. I never hula danced again. But it was a Major Bowes thing that I had done that. I can remember that. (alughs) Cause she said to me, you didn't learn that in this house. Where did you learn that? I've seen it inthemovies. That's the only place that I had ever been, you know. Nobody had showed me. I did a good job of it apparently.That's great.But that's what girls would do. We'd sing. Oh, at that time, Sonja Henning. So - sure one of us would be a skater. You know. All dirt. There's no lawn, there's no nothing. But we were-skaters. And it was fun , fun for the girls. We'd spend the night there. We'd sing. Just sing along songs. So. That's allthe girls did.The girls were really kept much closer to the house and to theparents than the boys.L EAenL
 OHIEsperanza y Gavina Aguayo 2-25-85 s2:18EA Yes.LGAEAThe boys--they could rorun.Yeah, they could. Actually, I remember a lot of times, you leave in the morning andyou don't come back til dark. You just went. Whereif you don't come back in an hour, boy,theyre out there looking for you. My Dad would go out looking for us, boy. My Mom would send him. Boy. Just get delayed and boy--That's incredible, the difference.It's just incredible hearing it. You know, you talked alittle bit about your parents' financial situation. How tight was it foryour parents. I mean, it sounds like it was really tight.ár don't think we actually knew just how tight - I had anidea that it must have been worse than what we thought. Becuase I know for a long time, there, they really weren't working. You'd have b wait maybe 2 or 3 weeks, work a couple of days, things like that. And you know. So I do:-.t n~ally know. I thinkAbout the only thing that ~lped I think ~s the fact that they- the housing was company housing and it didn't cost that much. Andutilities.I think we paid 9 dollars arronth.LEA Yeah.LGAEAGA _And utilities were free. It was company utilities. Andprobably the thingsdidn't cost as much as they do now becuaseyou know, everything else was down. But I just don't think.EA I think my mother cooked very simply, too. I know we ate alot of
  OHIEsperanza y GAvino 2-25-85 s2:19GALEA GAEApotatoes. We always had tortillas, you know .And beans. Which is mainly_ your Mexican -- and eggs. As  long as you have that.But I know at that time, they must have been becuase the depressionwas there~ that time. Just the same as it was everywhere else. And the company wasn't working that steady even that. That'swhy I say, my Dad, I know he wasn't working steady. They'd give him - I think they- sort of had their own way, I guess prorating to try to keep everybody with a little -- to keep every body going. And I know the stores gave credit. Now. A lot of them say they took advantage of people. Maybe so, but a lot of them wouldn't have made it without that credit. At least I don't know where they couldhave got it. And -Di q,our parents ever complain about how things were.No.i didn't really hear nothing like that -- there wasn't the aidtoo like thereis now, so I don't really know. I think that's why it must have been a lot worse than what everybody thought. The only time our folks tried to get some help from the state which would be I guess now would be called welfare. My sister needed her tonsils out, my older sister. And this one lady told my mother, oh, you don't haveto take her to the doctor. We can go to the state and the state will do it for you. So anyway, she took us all. And they didn't give my Dad nothing. They said he was working, that he could--so my Dad took us all down to the clinic and they took all four of us doen. I didn't need themYou have meat.
 OHIEsp,:eranza y Gavino 2-25-85 s2: 20out but I got m±ne taken out with them IT was a package deal. The doctor did all four girls tonsils. For a package deal on it. (laughs)end side two begin side threeSome kind of help. State help. And they wouldn't give it to him. L Wereyou aware of poverty as kids? Did you know thep:ople aroundyou were having a tough time, did you see them. EA I sure didn't.GA I don't think so because maybe we were all in the same boat.You know. We--everybody in our little area there. Was just likeus. If we had - maybe if we had lived maybe in Salt Lake wewould probably go to the East side and you know, see them, youknow, going out with their grocery carts full of things and you couldn'1 maybe then it was different. But the whole town seemed to be inthe same position, so- and nobody starved and nobody, as far as Iknow, dying. Or close to it. But I know it must have beenclose to -- there couldn't have been that much money around. That'sthe only thing I can - there couldn't have been that much.L What do you remember about being told about the other communitiesthat were there.People tend to type-cast each other. How were--for instance, how were the Greeks up there viewed.EA I always knew that the Greeks- they weresingle. Weren't they -most of them were bachelors.GA That's because the ones we knew lived in Greek camp - the oneswe called Greek Camp.
 OHIE &GAguayo s2:21L GA EA GAEA LEAGAWhere was that.It was across the canyons from us.They lived in real nice homes .Well, I don't know which ones you call home - I 'm talking about the ,,, Greek camp.I'd never been there, so I really don't know. They looked good --(laughs) They really looked real good from ove.E"á~there. I couldsee them now but I couldThey were big ~uildings.Brick.2-story - sort of what would you call 1hem, 2-apartment type -- like a condo type.L Duplexes.GALike duplexes. There must have been 4 or 6 of them. We lived on side of the canyon. And opposite from us were Jap camp and down a little b it further was Greek camp. Like I said, they were singlebecuase :it was a bachelor type compound. YOu know, Kennecott when they hired out, bey rented them rooms there. Other greeks who lived downtonw, they had their homessame as everybody else. You know. They were greek families downEA GAThe Greeks owned the stores.Well, the ones we knew up up -- Not all of them.Brown didn't owna store (laughs)------------- -- -----below-in lower Bingham. And there was -----then.--
 OHIE&G Aguayo s3:22EA GA LEALEALGAEA L EA GAEA GA LEA GAWell, I knew the Panalankis - the ones - the Pappas. BAPIS.BAPIS.And then In------, Sitorios..Spell that - try it.Not Greek (laughs)SARTORIOS,That sounds Italian.Who owned the store ..Anadakis is the one that owned the ADONDAKIS. He just died recently. Oh, yes.The one.that owned the one up in Copperfield, the one that had the sons that rad a store there in' West Jordan.That'sGerogeDidyouGreeksWe were friends.Like I said, 1he <nes she's talking about are the owners. Now, the Greeks I remember are theones áI went toschool with. Jinuny Brown. He lived up in Copperfield, the same place. He-he's gotthe Browns-Stephen's Browns SPorting Goods. Now, see he's from Copperfield ~ I went to school all the way through life -who - George.Adodakis.guys have anything to do with the Greeks, or did the tay pretty much by themselves.
 OHIE&G Ag~ayo 2-25-85 s 3:23EA GA EA GAnow. His Dad was Jáust a sw1á.tch tender. H d'd ¥ h'e 1. n town not 1.ng.He didn't own no store. (laughs) Ididn't know him.Well, Jimmy Brown and his sist er, Ta~ ~ - The Katises.KATIS.L GAL GASee, there's another Greek - they don 't own nothing. He's another Copperfield. He's Greek. We's working up at Kennecott. He's some kind of a purchasing - somethingto do with purchasing. He's the one that keeps the tracks all along - computer and all them orders.See he was in my class (at school) Michael Amendis,he died. But his father. LEBENTIS.You went to school with him too - what was Katis first name.Gus. He had a whole family. Now, like I said, they were Greekbut they didnt' own nothing. They - they just worked on things- the they worked n the mines or in one of the other mines. What about what you called Jap Camp - what was that like..First, it started just like the Greek camp, bachelor type. Butthey they brought families over. And so that was just liketheir's except the homes were more length wise. With maybe two or three families, you know. They were long. That's what I remember the homes there more or less. But they had a communitx bath. Like when they were all bachelor type there. In fact,the Greeks in Greek camp, that's where they used to eat at first,over there where they had a restaurant on that side. And theyused to use the bathhouse there, see. It was a workman's camp.--used to be, more or less, until they brough -t he :farnilies in .
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s3:24Then± was just another community. So.L So al lthse communities kind c£ went through a change. Frombachelors or to families - a littlebit like that. GA Well, alot of them brought them.And then alot ofmoved out. Like later, they - we called them Greek camp because atfirst they started - but then during the war and that, they started bringing everyone else. Jap Camp they never brought in anything else.EA The Japanese - well, we had Japanese neighbors.GA Well, we had them right next to us when the kid hanged himself. L What happened?EA He gung himself. He was in my class. One of the Japanese boys.We were sophomore. In High School. Who knows why or when, whatfor.L WHat was the family'.s name. EA Kabotis.LKEA KUBOTA.L What was his first name.EA That I don't know.L The boy.EA George.L How old - what year.EA Sophomore. I graduated in '50 so that would be - 48. I rememberhim real well becuase him and I had gone through kindergrden,grade scho junior high, and we got to the sophomore year.
   OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s3:25GASee, in all those communities, and then the Copperfield itself down below, see, they all went to the same gtade school. So, right from there you started to mix right in there. You still din't- you still didn't know too much about the other ones. The highland boy on the other ade of t he --The mountain ...Sort of the Y on the C2nyon or down i n lower Bingham. You rea l lydidn't have that much to do. Except - some people traveled more than ~hers. Some people had business down there. Like I knowa lot - like some of the kids that used to have paperThey were going back and forth. They would probably know more of theother areas. But most cf us really tended t o stick right about where we were. in that Copperfield area. Like I said, until we started going down to the 7th grade when we started to go to High school.Where was the high school.Just down below, about 5 miles down the canyon. Where Copperton is no. It's the same place where the high school was then. Right now, I guess it's a junior high school. They made thenewBingham high school right down in West Jordan. So the old Coppertonhigh school is a junior high. But that's where all the communities~ ended-up, down there-.-sothe Caperton High Schol really was Bingham High.EAGAtL GALGA Yes.L Interesting. Yo guys both -soundslike you remember that the Japaneseá h had a tough time there or were treated .. . during t e war years
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s3:26EAThey were treated really bad. I remember Mom saying that - because alot of them didn't want nothing to do with them. And my Momused to say, they really weren't to blame. It was like Mexico had gone to war--they wouldn't have been to blame either. I rememberone particular thing with this George - Him and I were good friends. We were in a play in school and we were doing the minuet. Somekind of aplay we were going tohave in grade school. And they put us.by size. So consequently, I being the shortest ones was going to be dancing with one of the shortest boys, which happened to be one of the Greek boys. And George,he wasn't much taller, but he was taller. He was supposed to dance with one of the American girls. Well, she wasn't really american. She was part greek. But she went by American. - American Anglo_, whateveryou want to callthem. But her panrents came and said she couldn't dance with him because he was Japanese. I remember that incident, becausehe was really hurt. And I remember I endedlp dancing with him becuase I saw nothing wrong. We had gone through Ehool together for a long time. But her parents wouldn't let her dance withhim bcasue he was Japanese. And that incident wasin grade school. Andit was during the time of the year. About 5th graders,or 6th graders at the time. And my other sister, my older sister, hada real good Japanese friend. They were the best of friends.And she used to say that she would cry - because a-_lot of themwouldn't even talk to her. Alot of the other students wouldjust stop talking to her during the war. And these were kids wegrew up with. These were kids we knew. Which was rally ridiculous.
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s3:27GAEAGAEA L GAAt the time I t hought . We didn't participate in that thin9 . Theonly thing I remember in that, is that they tayed home from school about the fi r st t wo days and then they come back to school. But I don't really recall .They too~ away their r adios, guns . They went rightn1to their homes.I remember that part. The one I went to school with was Ukio.Was he from Bingham?YUKIO?YUKIO. Y ukio.From Jap Camp. He played baseball áwith us. That's the only one that I can remember like that. That - He didn'the lived right across á., he lived rightin Jap Campall the time he was a kid.I remember him becuase I met him about maybe ten years later in Salt Lake. And he turned into a real - I don't know whether a wino or drugs or something. áyou couldn't even hardly recogniz him. He was in real bad shape. I met him.Last name?LGA ?EAL GAI remember the Kalaguchis.My sister's good friend. They had sent their two oldest children to Japan to get eeucated.That's KALAGUCHI.That's just about the way it sounds. Kalaguchi.
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s3:28EAAnd wehn the war came - it was a boy and a girl - they got left in Japan. And they had their other family here. And she used to tell my sister how her mother was really - there was no way they could bring them back. After the war, they brought the girl.The girl came. To be with the family again. But I never knew what happened to thelny. he was their oldest son. the Kalaguchis. But that was the only family I knew that part of their familygot left in Japan. Becuase of the war.Were the Ja~anese, as a rule, more ostracized up there than the other communities where.They kept to themselves more, didn't they? Especially thewomen.I think that was probably true. AndI think a lot of it had todo with the way the camp was set up. Is that nobody else wasin there. Either by - either by design, when it first startedor later by themselves. It just - like where we were at, itwas Mostly Mexicans. But there was still other ones.YEah, Italians mixed a littl eit.Greeks a littl d>it. I don't recall a Breek. I take that back.We even had one Jewish family.Yeah, there was a barber that was Greek at t-e--What was the Jewish family's name..Theones -- I don't remember the last name Her name was Sharon. I only--the ne in that ran the theatre.Chestler CHESTLER.I don;t think thre's at in in. Chesler.LEAGARAGA EA GA L EA GA L GA
  OHIE&GAguayo 2-25-85 s3:29EA Princess .:it was called. PRincess Theatre.GA He used to run t hat and he had a candy distributor down in SaltLake somewhere.L Now you said ther was anothe ronein Copperfield .EA I don't remember her name. IT was just when I was in grade school. Her name is Sharon. She was a year behind me. I remember because people once told me she was Jewisb I didn'thave noidea of who - what that meant. (laughs) I don't know,she's Jewish! She was a blonde little girl . And to me, she was anAmerican.L mysterious.EA But she was Jewish. Somebody had labeled her that she was Jewish. end side threebegin side fourEAI remember her particuarly because like I said, she wasa blond, pretty little girl. She was a year behind me. And we had - like we had a big thing at grade school - you gave thse plays.And the whole school would participate. Eitherm the chorus. And htis one in particular time, we gave about Sleeping Beauty. And of course everyor.e wanted to be sleeping beauty. And Sharon-=-got sleeping beauty. (laughs) So this is what I recall about Sharon. And I do knew she was Jewish.Did that have anything to do with her getting it.I don't think so. I think everybody knew she was an American girl.L EA
  OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s4:30L EAGA EA GA EA L EALGAL GAThat mysterious description.She was an American girl. She lived right about where we did. I just know her - I didn't know her that well. I- Like I said, she was a year behind me.A little blonde girl--alittle blonde girl did not get along with all the Mexican girls.I was going to sya, it would be like a slim beauty - that's about-- She was the only blonde. That - I think-There were no blondes.There were no b.londes. Because like I say, the other girl, thatwas American, - they were mixed already. Her father was Greekso she was very light complextion. But they had the dark hair. Nevers. NEVERS. ISn't it? NEVERS.At this time, [ guess we're talking about the late 30s, do you remember any kind of union problems at Kennecott. Any problemsthat the men were having at that time. Do you remember anytension.I rernmember when we were kids, the thing to watch - there wasa US Smelter at that time - they were across from us. When theywere having their trouble. And I remember watching men with clubs chasing other people around. So they were having trouble. You remember that as a kid.I remember that as a kid. That was oneof their times. Now, I rernmember other times whenthey said they brought the Japanese. They brought D the strike breakers.
  OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s4:31LGAThe Japanese wer e.Yeah, they were brought in at one time as a strike breaker.All the other times, I said, there's always been - when we've gone through a strike, the only ones I remember is the oneswe took part in [later, wi l l discuss these later ones later on]. Theones I rememberI don't think there was too much union at that time. Huh?We didn't have be unions in until about war time. When - ah - ~m when they organized that - I don't think it was right til abou~ '38, when 1hey started organizing. The mines. And they were the first ones that really organized therri.nes up there. IT used to be mill union. Joined up with MerchantCIO came anything else.I don't rermnebr nothing a-out that. I remember when the USAhad trouble like that. When you could watch them - see they were across from us. Their mine entrace, their shops, their timber yards. Because they were underground. So their opening minewas right across the thing from - it wasn't that biga valley.I mean, you could--Like a gully.Just like a gulley. One side to theother. You could watch. They had some - they had some fights. I think probablypeople trying to get in andothers trying to get them out. That's the way--EA GAEAEA GA
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s4:32EA Did ~r EVER PARTICIPATE in anything like that.GA I don't know. He was in there. I don't know if he participatedor not. He was part of the mine.EA Mr. Och ------GA They were all there. Like I said, I don't know if-- EA Those were the people that worked underground.GA Yes, that was the US Mine...L Hmm¥¥Dcyou guys remember that - the fire up there?GA Oh boy. Oh boy. I remember going across and watching it. EA Across where? Up the mountain?GA Acorss the tracks. You used to walk across H level. Rightacross through the same tracks.EA ..over there were I was aksing you the other day where thebig rock I can remember was.GA Yeah, well, that's on this side of it.L What's H Level mean.GA Wll they used to be numbered like that. A,B,C,D,....H...all the way up - I think the highest level on our side was Q. L Workers levels?GA The tracks. It's a pit. You know, and the tracks runaround it on different steps. See, so you start from the bottom at one -- of course, ~.later they went down below A. Then they started going on elevations. On - before that, you start the First one A, then you make another Step and it's Band thenyou make another step and .... Our house was right aboveH. On our side of the mountain, the highest level was Q. on htec:ther side, it's a lttle higher, they went past R.
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s4:33GAEAGAIn fact, they even started go;ng th 1 h . h¥ -- es opes were .ig er.But like I say , you a::>uld walk from 1he track where our house to the one below, you could walk around the half circle iikethat and go through t he Hithat big that time. So it didn ' t take you taht long to walk.L To get you.So we used to go across. And we watched the fire - afterwe got towards here, I remember it must have burnt 10 or 15 bi g houses, --thse houses were big, too.They werebig apartment type homes. They were built more like an apartment type. They were - wMERE THE homesa1 our side were single. They were closer and then here were all those wooden, reallydried, like the kind you say, grayish timber. You know. When you.start a fire on that, boy, they really go. They go. Go fast. They go quick. I forget theá one they had the big one. I fogethow many killed. I really don't remember how many. But. There were people died inthat one. Then they used to have trouble with land slides. You know, they were close to that thing. EVery once in awhile. In the spring, you'd get the mud and the snow. IT would come down. And that would bury maybe a couple of people,you know, homes, or something likethat. That was sort of a badcanyon I think for that type of - L CopperfieldIt was steeper and higher . And then you were working on both sides of the town. You had dumps on thisGA NO, the Highland áboy side.site. The pit wasn't
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s4:35side and you had the pit over on this side. So you had workings on both sides .And steep. So ibey were having land slides there. And things like that 01 them.L They buried homes.GA They buried homes thre with landslid-:::s. And they - a fire--they had twobig ones that I know of from the time I was a kid tothe time I left there. They had two big fires there.L You know, it's kind of strange to me, to think think about livingina town which is all a mine. Just abi.g mine. That's kind ofwhat it was.GA It was. And when it was that old - it was surprising justlow thehomes used to stick tothe side of the mountain. You woldn't think there was that room. But you still had room for two narrow lanes of traffic even though sometimes-you really had~to squash toget two cars passed each other. But it was still two  ..lanes,up both sides. And homes stuck just about every place on the one side of the hill, you know, on both sides all the way up. Anyplace where you could dig a hole in there. You put a - you could puta house in there. Dig into the side of the mountain for cellars. And everything else, you know. That1: _ T.ha.t1-s the way it was. __What do you - Did you think about the fact that it was a big mine. That there was this giant mine there.EA No. Didn't even. It was very beautiful place. You know, you ould sit at night time and look at that mountain. That pit. and then the mountain side. It was pretty, really.
  OHIE*G Aguayo 2-25-85 s4:36LEAIs was there. It was part of your life. Why wast pretty.It was pretty.It was different colors. It was made like a weddingL EAL EA GAcake kind of a deal.sides,you know. It was very pre-ty . Very pctur esque . Then youhad on the other side, where it was just a m>untain side there with the trees. During the autunm, you could see the change. They start to change. The yellows. The reds. IT was very pretty. Youcan see high up on the mountains.Ahuh. Right above whereyou live. Andyou could just sit on the porch there and watch the wholenountainsi.de change colors. I know I do. When we go - like on vacation,we go to the moutains, I feel like I've come home. I'm home. I'm finally home. I'm in the mountains. I feel, you know, just fel something.Like hey,this is whereI'm supposed to be - the mountains. Because you miss some- ting. I think I do.I didn't expecwou to say that - pretty.It was beautiful, must beauitful.I wouldn't think - you know, likeny impression - not so muchpretty but just such a huge. WhenI - I used to do a little traveling, I used to take the bus, a lot of times, I'd go by Chicago, youknow, go back there. And I start -talking toá people. And they'd tell me about the Grand Canyon and Ironmines in Minn. I'd stand there and laugh at them - you don't know what something big is until you see thathole that's up there. There isn't anything- andI've never seen anyt hing t hatAnd then the mountains. That just - on the
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s4:37EA GA EA GAL GAtEAL EAcompares with it. You know, there isn't any. It's a big man made ah hole th -- it is big.And different colors.The ore is different.So it'spretty.Soyou have different types of minerals coming out. And then theway they dump it. YoYou feel the size of it.The size of it is what I see. Especially now, if you went up there now and stood under one of those big trucks, {alughs) it'd justmake ~u feel so small. You don't - you don't even - you don't think there's anything that big in the world. Those big trucks. And those big shovels. Oh, they're big.I'd love to go to Virginia City j~st to walk through the town. Have you ever been to Virgnia City?No.It's up by lake tahoe. It's an old mining town. But see, Bingham is already knocked down. I don't even want to see it the way it is. Becuase I want to remember it the way I remember it. I'd lovetogo to Virgnia City and walk around the town. It reminds me - I'm in Bingham. I'm walking in Bingham. It may be different, butI usually go with my nephew and his wife. And I;ll say, oh, gosh, this reminds me of Bingham. But it's getting to a point where they'll say, YEAH, it reminds you of Bingham _{laughs)
  OHIE&G Aguayo 2- 25- 85 s4:38L EABut it does . I t reminds me like you know. The wooden sidewalks. The dumps. The - that are there. And - this is home. Horne.I don't know how anybody else feels. But tom that ' s home . And Virgnia City's in Nevada. But it's the closest thing I think that comes to something cl ose t o what Bingham was at one time.Does the town feel in tirnate l ike --Yeah. If I;rn walking in the street. Oh, gee, you know, yeah,w ' r e i n B i n g h a m . A n d- t h e y - l i k e t o g o t h e r e - a n d I ma k e a p o i n twe go atleast one day to go to Virginia City. Becuase they know I just love to walk around. Becuase I don't caer. I just like towalk around the town. And just-walka--ound the town there.So.Do you miss it?I miss it. Bingham. It's - it was different. A lot of thingsyou don't miss. You know, you know it was there. I don't miss the shoveling the snow in the winter.Bringing in the coal.BRinging in the coal. Now when they bring in coal, they leaveit out about arnile and you used to - have to bring it in on asled or carry it in a sack. And that was hard. Thoseparts of itI could do without. But± had other - I don't think - I don't think I ever met people like I did up there. They were closer.I live here and I don't even know my nieghbors on theother side-30 years. Alot of it is my fault. They don't know me. But up there,maybe because when You're a ki'd, i't's alot easier to, you know,L GAEA GA
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s4:39to make friends than it is -But there was no plumbing. It-you iknow, it's a lot different.There were no indoor toilets.No-I guessWe had them. We had running water too. Hot water and cold water. See, the same house she Remembers, I remember we didn't have it. They put it in after. The - like I said, a company house.It got modern as things got modern. But. There'sa lot of things. It ~s a long ways to go fromanyplace. You leave Bingham and you really didn't have nothing until you hit Midvale. There was no homes out in the valley. All through here waS'.)pen grain fields. There really wasn't anything in the valley even. Til you hit Midvale and then went up town. But. It had its nice times.It had its good-- ah, there were alot of things you can'ttrade for. I don't-If I had my choice, I don't think I'd go--I wouldn't go back there to live. I think - I think like myDad, he want-ed to go back to Mexico. Though when youget a choice, I don'tthink - there's really a choice.I don't think I'd give up my gas stove for a coal stove.GA --whatever it and then he coats it with wallpaper you ever put on. You know, they split.That's all thickness you can imagine winter-when the paper tears , you get wind right thorugh the boards. I mean, there'sLGAEA GAEAGAend side four begin side fiveWhat you remember as being nice
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2- 25- 85 s5:40-you know, no i nsullation . Ther ' s just - just the boards like that. they weren't even dovetai'led. You know, as close as youcould put them. But t hat's - what I remember about the house.You try to heat it with the stove andone heater . And--IT was good times. But no I wouldn't go back to that way, no--- (laughs)L ____!_.h~re's alot of things I could see tha~9~ldha~e been hard, really hard.GA Yeah-EASometimes it snowed so bad, you couldn't even find the trail to go up the hill, bec~~melived up the hill, there were stairsyou know. Or what do you call them, they go up. And it would snow so bad, it would cover them. Andso you'd goaround tryingto find, make your own and boy that snow would come up over yourknees even. And yo~'re trying to get up that hill to get home.GAEAGAAnd you come home from gradeschool.up in the mountains.Yeah, it was about 7,000 - maybe 6700. You know, justlike living up top of Summit Park probably. Youknow, it gets-- You'd get up in the morning and the snow was right above_the_windows. You'd_diB_yourself up to go to school. You'dmake a big tra-1 jus! to_move out. So there's alot of snow. Can't stand it now. (laughs) And we had so much of it. Iremernberyou had to chain every where you go. You couldn't movewithout chains. Nothing like all weather tires or a~y~hin~ like---------- -------It snowed alot. It was
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s5:41L GAYou put_,chains on. 'I'o go. And even then, a couple of trips, you'd get up there and it was snowing and you'd cut through Bingham and so you're chains would only lasta couple of times. That's something else I dont regret, having to put chains on the car. You'd have to get underneath ingood clothes and put on chains. Or something to get back up home. ThatI don't miss at all.There'salot of physical--I think it was physical. Maybe you didn't really notice it butI think there was alot of physical-- I renuneber in swnrner havingto - I-At that time, we wereEtill cutting wood. There was still wood t ~e cut along the hills. Laterm, they cut so far. bac,i.., you couldn't walk far enough to cut. To make it -tomake it pay to bring it back.But we used to go out there to cut. Mostly old brush.Totry and get enough -- you couldn't make it enough to last a winter.But atleast so you wouldn't have to pay so mch for coal. Coal you paid for and wood was free.All you had to do was get the wood.al you had to do was get the wood and carry it back. Or you'd get an order from Kennecott and go out in their tracks andpick up the old ties., you know, that used to be good wood. Then you'd havet o saw it.You'd haveto saw it and chop it.That's wh2re the difference was. We didn't have to dot.bat. ThelX>ys did that. We didnot have to do that kind of work.L GAEA GA EA
 OH I E&GLEALGALGAL GAAguayo 2- 25- 85 s5:42You did your own.We did our own in our house.Quite a division of labor. It's really intersting listening to you guys talk about it. Apart from me, it's a whole differnt world becuse it's gone. It seems really valuable because of that. I've often wondered just how - just row other places - you know- how they - what they kind of thought of t hei r s-- l ike I--I did think it was something different but I'm not sure. Maybeit was just - maybe we all think our own place is different.In a sense different you mean unique.Yes, I thought it was unique. I don't even know. Mining cam!Jshave always been known for having different nationalities. Butmost of them don't last. You know, they're mostly boom towns.They go. And Bingham laste<l a long time. With a lot of nationalities. Finally of course the mine just ate the town up.Itnoved them all out. Themly thing that you can is left now is Copperton. And those are mostly all retirees. They wereallfrom up there. But mostly all retirees now. Few families ares till working. In fact, O'Patrick, he thinks he's the only one left .working.Old patrick did you say?---patrick. Patrick .is his last name. Teasdale. I think. I don't know. That's one that'sbeen up there. Buthe told me he might be the only one that's left that's working. Of course, he might beLGABecuase there'.s bound~o ~5mebody- who's_working the_service_sations andexageratting a bit. And he pro-ably meant at Kennecott.the pst office down there and everything like that. But there's
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 sS:43EApnot really not too many. And Coperton's mostly a retiring town.We have a reunion for Copperfield once a year. They started maybeabout 3 years ago. I've only attended 2 - maybe 3 or 4 years ago-Andyou get a lot of people there. But like I tell my brother,most mthem that come there are about his age. You know, they havepicutres there from his time. You know, oh, there's alot - whenwe were there too. And it's geting bigger and l:i.gger with peopleknowing alittle bit more about it. But right now, it's more yourolderpeople. I toldny brother the first time I went, I said,gee, I didnt pr.actically know anybody. I said, those were your 0kind teople there. There was alot of American people when I grew up, there wasn't very many American families left. And yet in his, there were quite a big - still, alot of them, Your Irish are still there.the areas was diffferent when you. were there.In a few years, it changes. It changes. 1 think as the people adv.:i.nce, they move around town. They used to -á you move I thinkto better parts of town.whatwere the bei::te:r. parts of tcwn. better !lrts of Bingham. Copperton was better part.Coppert.on. .L GALGALGA Copperton.EA Coppeá-ton was the best.GA That's where the foreman usually lived down thre. Now, there weredifferent sections around in town. Like
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 sS:44L GALGAEAGAusually--Now, there was different sections around in townlike one right above Bingham. What they called Eastern Heights.Eastern Heights? Heaston.Right above the church, what was that. HEASTON.Whatwas that like?Well, itwas on a little knoll right above. But that's where, one time, the superintendent of the mine used to have his homethere¥. Now, there used to be about 3 - maybe three homes. Big brick.Beautiful homes.I mean, that was in one area that I can remember. And I heardEA GAone time the superintedents owned that there.he still lived in Bingham. When U~ah Copper used to itself. It wasn't part of everything. They used to be by themDelves so the superintdnt lived there. And therelike i Copperfield, down at the circle. That used to be a better park.That wasn't very good when I--It was already being torn down, that's why. When it started, =t!: Wc'!S _a_n apartment _type. You know, circle of cgrass. It was alittle btter place. And the brick homes along the road below the school house. Now, see those were a littlebetter type.They were brick homes. Like I said, and people mved according to what your job -- as soon as you got up in the job, you askedfor a better home. But most of them were company owned. CoppertonThat's whenbe by
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s5:45LGAL GAwas a company town.You could kind of ask your way around as you got - as your got better--Well, that's the way it started Most of Copperton - even at that time - if you were Mexican you probably still didn't ask any. Becuase you probably still wouldn't move there.Why.Oh it was racial. It was economic and -racial. The fact that all the foremen were white. You know, and Mexicans - up until WWII, ah, Mexicans especially. Didn't have accessto jobs that really paid good. You know, to thebetter paying jobs.They worked the track and the powder gang.Which wasEALGA Blasting. EA Blasting.GAEAGAEAGARight about the time WWII, unions come in. Then - then they start going seniority, same thing.But up til then, it was -you had closed areas. Like Locomotives engineers. I don't know actually any Mexican that was a locomotive engineer when I was young. You know, that was one area that you didn't--How about electricians, too. They're--Electricians, machinists, same thing. Those areas weren't open. My brother says now with the shops and machinists, they're all Mexicans excpt one token white.WEll, like I say - it cahnges - (laughs) As soon as the unions come in - because there was a lot of rci.norities. So as soon as the
      OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s5:46EAGAEAGAEAunions come in, then with WWII, when they needed the work and they didn't really bite the unions on it. All the jobs opened. And there was alot offoreigners. So you find a mine now the foreigners - they're the foremen, they're also the ones that hold the top jobs. Because a lot of machinists. Electicians,a lot of times, they said they couldn't pass the test. They never gave them the test to pass.It's changed alot.It's advanced.Mostof it, I think, had a lot to do with the war. Like I said,if it hadn't been for that, they probably wouldn't have--it'd porbably taken longer, I don't know how long. But.We didn't really run across racial discrminatin, I don'át thinK simply because we were in the majority. Zspeciolly in yourgrade school. Irnean, we were the majority. Both in your catholic religion a~d being a .Hexican. ! think I knew only two mormon families. AS a kid. And for a Mormon state--(laughs) Onceyou reached high school, it ~as a little different. Then you gotbi3ge.r-Then you started hearing about semi.nary . GA (chuckles)EALEAand stuff like tl:at thatyou hadn't even he:ard about bafore until you hit high school~ Because you were the majority.What your saying is the war really accelerated things.Oh, lots-
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 sS:47protect themselves, they had to put in seniority becuse that's the way they could st.ay in power. To say you . .get electedby the pople and when most of your members are minorities,at one time or another. So it really ~icked up. imd the!1.the jobs ope!,';:-:d up. Then, well, after 1:.hat, al:x)Ut the:: '.:mly wc::.y I think the peopl e got bypa,:sec. a. l ¥:-t o ± time was i~ ál:hcy didn't really - they didn't try on it. Becuase if }!)Umade a squawk about something that you'd been bypassed for ajob or something, you could get it. There was no doubt about it. Neither the company union will fight yous. If it was right.If there was no question about it. But alot of people didn'tknow-á-- other jobs were here. There wasn't nothing importantso this and that. I said, it did open. If you went to theshops up there where I worked about two years ago before these cutbacks started, you'd probably see about 200 Mexicans up there, machinists. Andyou'd see Japanese foremen and MExican foremen. And everything else. You know, it's - now, .ta~re's still alotof the same mixture, but a lot less. It has changed- LikeI said, I think discrmination's always been there. But not in the way you think about it. You don't have - you know - going to the back of the bus like the Negroes.EA No.¥.GAOr you couldn't eat at a certain spot--or nothing like that. Itwas more of a subtle type. Like I say, that idea of jobs. Now, how or where it started or what, it wasjust the fact thatwhen you started, you didn't put in a bid for a job becauseyou know you weren't going to get it. What the reason wasor what it was, it was just somthing that either you didn't qualify
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s5:48Lor tbey set t hingsup different so that you didn't pass itor whatever. But I st art ed to work there about in '42 whenit was really open so I didn ' t even go through anything.Ah. My dad even if he couldhave passed any tests, he couldn't have gotten it. Because jobs - t hey j ust weren ' t open for them. Aside from ihe fact that he didn 1 t,.áknow the language . And t hetest could have failed him right off thebat. In anything that they had open. So. But even at that time, there was probably say younger Mexican men or something that could have passed it it stillw asn't open to them.When did you go into the - you were in the Army. When did yougo in? GA 40-43.LEADo you remember the war having an, impact ~you.Do you remember it?Oh, I thought - all you saw was in movies you know. You were going fieldsIn that rocky you're going to make a victory garden. But they told everybody to make this victoryto make a victory garden.garden. so all of the girls kids got together. We were going tomake a victory. All there..was was rock and mineral. And what - qoinq to á 11th t 1 d But.they'd tell you or they'd__ w~g~O~_].._!!__a_ a an . by more. And so you didn't have verymuch what it was. You'd get what - ten cents allowance. 20 centsallowance and half :of it went f áor a - for a -- end si,de _fivebegin side sixEA(laughs)mysister, she was smarter of all of us. She tried
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s6:49radishes. Little tiny radishes came out like that. Nothing else grew - but oh, we saw visions of this beautiful victory garden. Somebody in the movies toldyou to grow. Oh, that was part of the war that I remember. I don't remember the war.I knew there wasa war on, and stuff like that, but what I was in 5th grade, 6th gradem 7th. And oh another thing I remember about that, I - We went - in 7th grade - We were saving on light, electricity, I guess, or gas. Or stuff like that. Because they'd take you to school in the afternoon. Gee, goingto school in the afternoonis nothing new. We did it then. Because they didn't want tobe busing. So you could stay for the ballgame. So you couldsave the ride after school. Going to theballgame. And that's what I remembercbout the war. You know, big deal. Youhad togo to school in the afternoon. Cause you were saving on gas and electricity I think it was.L Right. So it didn't really hit you in a direct way. But it kind cf affected.EA Yeah, different things, yeah.Other than that. My brother being away. But other than that.L TheJast time, you mentioned when you joined the armed services, you£ent money back. Do--GA I had allowance from theL Fromthe army you sent it back to the family. Why did you do that? EA Becuase we needed it desparately.
    OHI E&GGALGALGAAEGAEA GA EA LEAAguayo 2-25 - 85 s6:SOProbably. Like everybody else. was sending. It wasn't nothing.I could get - what I could make - what SO - SO a month. think. I think that's what we were making.About 50 a month in those days.WEll, ... I think Kennecott was making about 2 something a day. Two bucks.About two something becuase whenI got back, they just got a raise to six something.An hour?A DAY NOT AN HOUR (laughs) ....Yeah. whenI come back, they just got through with 6 months strike. And right after the strike, 'they got th Ebig raises. 6 .15 an hour-- NO NO NOT AN HOUR - I mean a DAY. That was the thing. I thinkmaybe threeThatsoundslike so little.It wa5N"T ALOT.No. No.You remember hi..s money being of help.Oh I remember. Both Mother and Dad always saying that the money thathe sent, we finally started to get on our feet. With what my Dad, you know. My other brother was a senior in high school at the time. And he started to work right around then. And family finally, you know, started to get on its feet a littlebit. That's why I - I always say my youngerbrother and sisters, they had everything they wanted. I mean, fuey were - consideringI
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s6:51L EA L GAL GAL GA L GAwhat we went through, they had it made. Really. They - "Good clothes. When there was something in school, they were ableto participate and thingslike that. Well, we didn't and we didn't expect to - you know, to have to participate in anything like that when you needed money. And yet my brother - and I think it had alot to do with alot of the money he sent. At the time. Becuase finally we got on our feet.YEah.We were able to do something.Did you know that. Thatyouvere helping that much.OH, I didn't really think it was that- Like I said, I had no idea what I sent, put I say, I don't think I was really making that much. By the time I got out~ I think I was making 400and something. I was making tech sgt. pay. Now, 1hat wap pretty good.400 a month.It was something like that. It was something like that. 400 and fifty something I think.400 a month? Areyou sure?I think so.From 50 dollars to 400?I think it was. But of course, I'm not too sure about -- like Isaid, whenI come out of making tech sgt. pay, I think that's aboutwhat it was.LLThat seem muge. . I mean, --
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s6:52GAEAGALGALEALEALEALEAGAEALYeah. Not -- I'm not r eally sure . I know it wasn't much. Ofcourse, you know, that as frornbuck private. You see. IT'sabig difference.Then you got combat pay. Alot of--COMBAT PAY. Yeah.I got combat pay. And everything else. So itmade a difference.<~t made alot of difference. That realy helped - the war-- It realy got us on our feet.Andyour other brother corning of age to work. Yes, right.What's his name.Salvador. We call him ChinkHow comeI don't know.It's because his hair curly and Spanish. Chino is Chink - chinamen. But his hair is curly so they call him Chino. So - It's chink.Chino and Chink is the same in English and Spanish so -- My sister had a little chinese friend.Becuase his hair was curly taey calledhim..¥GA CHINO. Chino is curly in Spanish. But they didn't call him Curly. They called him Chink. Because the same thing appliesto Chino, a chineman - Chink is chinamen. So that's the wayhe got that.
 OHIE&G Aguayo 2-25-85 s6:53EA My sister had a real good friend, chinse girl, when ke was going to college. And one day, she heard her calling my brother, chink. And she called him chink a couple of times. Andthen she said,you know dolores, that's a real bad work in Chinese.(laughs) Well, that's just a nickname. And me said, that was a terrible word in Chinese. So, who knows?GA Yea, Chink is a bad name. We always knew it. But ther was no CHinaman where we were at. And--EA And that's his nickname, Chink.(sets up talking about after war years at another time)GAI gues at is a lifetime. I guess - Maybe "that's one of the drawbacks everybodys had. They just don't know what to do when it's gone.(about Kennecott)But, you know, your dad worked there. Your whole family lived thre. So you grew up and you lived there. You know, you know. Bu But it's been good to us. I odn't know.I've always said it's been good to us. And I hate anybody that tears it down because it was good to you. We made anr living fromit.I think a lot of it is jealousy.:f¡aro.und the valley. IjustI just don't think they can stand-see foreigners make that kind of money that they rnadetp there. (laughs) and that's what r think.I never thought of that.I think that's the way it is. Not only foreigners. But you know,not LDS. Andthere's a place sitting rightin the valley thatEAGAEA GAmakes more money than any one you know---end
 