 MERWIN SHUMWAY Blanding, UtahAn Interview By Dorothy ErickUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-145August 2, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsAugust 2. 1970Tape #1:Early Mining Experiences ................ 1Starting His own Mining. . . . World War II and Uranium Mining Family Prospecting . . . . Selling Claims . .Pioneers in the Shumway Family. Brothers and the Family Business. The 1930sRidge One Group .... .57 10 13 15 20 ¥ ¥ 22 ¥ ¥ 24 26 ¥ ¥ 28. . 31 35 38 40 42The 1940s.Leaving VCA.The 1950s ..Mining A ccident.VCA Difficulties . Crooked Chemists . Blanding's LDS Influence. ... .
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY DOROTHY ERICK WITH MERWIN SHUMWAY ON AUGUST 2, 1970 AT 8:00 P.M., AT 543 NORTH 4TH WEST, BLANDING, UT AH. [ T H I S I S P ART OF THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]DE: I thought perhaps you would, now it's Sunday evening, tell us who you are and some pertinent facts about yourself and how you happen to be here in Blandingfor instance.MS: Well, I'm Merwin Shumway. I was born here inBlanding. I'm 49 years young. I grew up here and I've been in the uranium business ever since I was old enough to realize what it was all about. My father was one of the original prospectors in this area having about 1930, I think, discovered there was uranium in the area. So they began to pack horses out.DE: Who is your father?MS: Seth Shumway. They horsepacked this uranium to givenpoints and sold it, and I understand some of it went to France to Madame Curie to experiment. I think this is about 1917. Way back when they very first realized it. I didn't realize it until '30 when I was about nine years old. I started going with them and riding with them, you know, riding the old horse and picking up the sample and trying to decide whether it wasgood or whether it was bad. I never did know.DE: Now, as a child then you were included in theseprospecting parties?
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1MS: That's right, along with several of my cousins andother interested people. My first speculation of ever going prospecting was when they went out in the Cottonwood area which I'm mining today after all those years. We went out there on horses and sacked up this ore, hauled it to wherever we could get the old model A Ford or whatever we happened to have and then we'd haul it into town and gather it up on the slab, the cement slab we could find, get it sacked and then we'd sit here and sort this, because you had a different price, you see, for a different percentage of uranium. The real high grade was the only thing we could get a premium price for and we'd throw the rest away and sack up the high grade. We'd haul it to Moab, and sell it to Howard Balsley. I'm sure you're acquainted with him. This is the way it all began in my early prospecting days. Naturally I was in school during the winter months, and in the summer months tagged the prospectors around until I became, I think it was 16. I got my first summer job and it was in the mines. I went to work out here for Blanding Mines Company when I was 16. It was a hell of a coincidence the way we got this job. This was during the Depression. I believe this was in about-- what would that be? About in '35 or '36, in that2
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1neighborhood. Jobs were mighty tough to come by in this country and I think it--I went to work for two and a half a days pushing a wheelbarrow, and this fellow that hired us was Kimberly. My Uncle Ray was the foreman out there, and naturally he tried to help all these relatives get a job so they wouldn't be eating off of him all the time maybe. Anyway, theonly way he would give us a job is if we would fight in a boxing chart on the Fourth of July. Anybody that would fight this Kimberly would hire because he had an interest in boxing, and so actually I got in the mining business by getting the heck beat out of me. We went to work this summer, myself and a lot of my friends out there in the Cottonwood area and we pushed wheelbarrows. Some of them worked in the mill; he began to build a mill, and it was hard work and we pushed the wheelbarrows as high as 300 feet uphill as fast we could load them and push them. The only enjoyment we'd get out of it, he was building a duck pond, trying to make us a swimming hole and a place for chasing ducks. We got the hole built--this was in the middle of summer--and I imagine we mucked out several tons of rock to build the pond. About the day we got it built a flood came down and washed it all out and went down in the mine and filled it up with3
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1water. That's one of my first experiences in mining. As a real young boy I remember that my uncle used to go out in the area and look for places to mine. As a rule he'd get one or two of the young fellows to go with him and when we'd find a place we'd begin to open it up. Some of these places that we opened up are still being mined after all these years, and we're mining one of them ourselves. This was in '36 or '37, 1 38. Anyway, from then till now this has been almost continuously mined, and the first day I saw it it was just a little yellow stain on a ledge of something of this nature. Since then there have been millions of dollars worth of ore come out of these holes, and developed into an area that is miles long and a half mile wide. Actually I've been involved in mining almost the full distance of this except for the last ten years, which I'11 bring up a little later, when I got in some mining accidents and had to quit mining. A little later, I worked out there during the summer and the company--apparently something went wrong and he wasn't able to pay it. I think I earned about 85 dollars that summer, aboutwhat we pay a man in two days now, and he didn't have any money to pay us and consequently they beat us out of that. My first year mining was strictly4
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1experience. I didn't get too rich off of it.DE: MS:Which uncle were you working for at this time?Well, I was working with my Uncle A. I was working for a man by the name of Howard Kimberly, but my Uncle A. was a foreman. He was the one I was directly responsible to. He was the one that would show us what to do and help us to learn. In those days it was before the days of any pneumatic hammers or anything of this nature. We strictly were banging away on a single jack and piece of steel. This is pretty hard work. I worked with the wheelbarrow the first fewmonths and finally I got raised to driller and then I didn't have to worry about the wheelbarrow anymore; I could beat on the steel which is just as bad.What kind of a wheelbarrow did you use at the time? Just a plain old wheelbarrow, the same one we use today to clean the yard. That's how we mucked our ore out of the mines.Was it rather heavy ore, though, and didn't it take an extra strong wheelbarrow?Oh yes. Usually we'd have somebody pull it and somebody push it. It was required in those days that we move about a ton and a half of ore a day. Well, today in our mines we don't think anything of ahundred tons a day. So there's been a little progress 5DE: MS:DE:MS:
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1in the mining game.DE: Do you remember the years of the pick, though?MS: Oh yes.DE: Can you tell a little bit how they went in with that? MS: Oh yes. Usually we used the pick to scale down thewalls, look for loose rocks and prospect, find places that look promising, take your pick and pick away at it and try to determine whether it's worth drilling or anything of this nature. First thing I remember about the pick is we had to sharpen them by ourselves, and I became a pretty good blacksmith. I sharpened steel and picks and all these things. After a while when we began to mine for ourselves, I did all of that, so I learned the blacksmith business right along with the mining business. Well, to go on with the story, I worked with this company for a couple of summers. By then I was old enough and thought I knew it all and decided the time had come to get in the mining business on my own, and so finding the ore wasn't really a problem in those days. It was everywhere. The market was the problem. Of course it is today. We decided to go into some of our father's properties and get in this thing I own, quit working for other people. And so we--this was several years later, I think maybe ten--and in the6
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1meantime I went away to school with one of my mining buddies. In fact it was Gary's brother who ran away, graduated from high school, and decided to go tocollege and get in the building business. I was tired of pushing wheelbarrows. Well, in the meantime about two years down there he was killed in an airplane wreck, and this was about the beginning of World War II, just the very beginning of it. They were trying to recruit all kinds of people to join the Air Force, one thing or another. He joined the Air Force and in the student pilot training program was killed. He andI had become partners in this building business so there wasn't much left for me to do. I come on home and messed around for a while, finally got married, and couldn't go back.Where was your building business?MS: In st. George. I never got in the business. I wasstill in the learning process. We did build some schools. He and I got to the point where we could contract some brick laying and things of this nature. But this was disrupted and I got married and came home and settled down to mining and just got going good. Then the Army drafted me, disrupted me foranother two or three years.DE: This is a question I'd like to have cleared up aDE:7
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1little bit. I was under the impression that some people were sent back or were not taken because men were needed in the mines.MS: This is right. I was deferred for a year and a half or two years, I don't remember which, to mine.DE: Were you aware at the time the importance of this uranium?MS: No, no, this is a--I wish I had been, but at the time we knew that uranium was valuable. There was no question, they were after it. Every agency, all the government agencies were secretive about it that we could find, but we knew they really wanted it and we didn't know what they were doing with it except they were processing it. We didn't get paid for it, and later the uranium miners that mined all this ore during the war, at the beginning of World War II, it was the time of the Manhattan project. We mined many, many thousands tons of ore, shipped this uranium, not even knowing that it was worth a dime, and got beat out of this money. They got together and organized, and in about 1964 or '5 somewhere in that neighborhood, I can't remember, they sued the companies that sold this uranium for the price of it and we got reimbursed for that ore we mined.DE: Well, when they wanted this ore, did they 8
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1specifically say they wanted the uranium or they wanted the vanadium?MS: No, no. They give us a high contract for vanadium, as high sometimes as 45 cents a pound for vanadium, which standard was 31. They wanted it that bad, but we were totally unaware of what was happening withuranium. We were told that it went into making paint, things of this nature. Well, I guess it does; we didn't know.DE: They were very secretive then. There were no leaks that you knew of?MS: Well, they weren't exactly so secretive as nobody knew anything or said anything. It was just a dead issue as far as I was concerned. You could ask anybody and they'd say as far as I know it's no good. You could have gone--the agency didn't even know what they were--DE:MS:That's very likely; they knew they were selling it to the government but they didn't know why. Now that's strictly speculating. As you're aware and I'm aware, when the atomic bomb was dropped nobody knew that was going on. I never dreamed of such a thing, that theywere even close.DE: And then all these top secret and confidential filesthat no one--9
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1MS: No one at our level would know anything in the miningbusiness. Well, that takes us down to about the timethat I went to work for myself.DE: Well, could we go back just a little bit before we dothat? I have a couple little questions here--they're not too little either. I'd like to have some cleared up. Early when you were even going in with your parents and uncles, what did they--and you say they knew this was uranium and it was easy to spot. How had he learned all this?MS: My father?DE: Your father, yes.MS: Well, prospecting is something that gets in yourblood. Not too many people are real prospectors, and he was a government trapper. While he was out trapping and things of this nature he'd discover a different variety of rock and different colors in the rock and began to take samples and show them to different people and some of them no doubt said, "That's uranium." Who, I don't know. So they would find a chemist and have it analyzed and find out it was. The vanadium was the thing they were really after, but the uranium was the thing that would showyou where the vanadium was a good share of the time. Of course carnonite is in a constant ratio of--I10
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1don't know--ten to one. Ten to one ratio between uranium and vanadium. So if you find something that would show a bright yellow as a rule you could betDE:MS:DE:MS: DE: MS:that it would be high in vanadium, ten to one ratio, and I assumed that's how they learned. I don't know-- that was before my day.Did they ever mention where these chemists were, or where they could have it assayed and period of--I can't remember. I'm sure they had a chemist somewhere in the area that they sent the samples to, but I don't know because I never did this.Well, they had prospectors in here for other minerals.Oh yes. All kinds.Especially copper?Copper, they knew where they all were. They walked every rim in the county in the early prospecting days. When I was--well--I went with them a lot of the times. I might just mention a little about prospecting. It's a fascinating thing, but it's hardwork. People think a prospector is someone who rides around and picks up a rock here and there. It isn't that way. We would get us a few groceries and get out into the hills, in the area we wanted to prospect. As a rule each one of my uncles would take one of us11
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1younger fellows and would say, "Well, you go this direction and I'll go this direction and we'll meet tonight at a certain place, maybe 2O or 3O miles away," and usually it was hot and dry and there's all kinds of pestilence and you walk these old steep canyons and rims all day long--a lot of times without a drink of water for hours on end. That's the thing I remember most about prospecting. Almost choking to death continually. Seemed like we never had enough water because you had to carry it with you. If you had a pick and you had something to eat and a few things you just didn't feel like packing too much water, and we usually each packed a gallon of water and water sack or something and boy, I'll tell you, you can drink a lot of it when you start walking in hundred degree weather all day.Did you try and find water holes or--DE:MS: Yes we did. Anywhere we could.DE: Were there many?MS: No, because where you prospect isn't down in thecanyons where the water is. It's up on the rim where it's dry and nothing up there. Once in a while we'd find water.DE: What did you wear on your feet? I know that sand gets very, very hot.12
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1MS: I didn't suppose it made a lot of difference.Whatever we had. When I first began prospecting during the Depression I was lucky to have anything on my feet. The Depression hit us awful hard. We were a family of 12 and really didn't have much of an income when we were prospecting, and this is one of the real sad things in my life is the fact that we discovered nearly all the best uranium mines in the country and ended up with very little out of any of them because of the conditions. We didn't have a good market and we had to sell for just whatever we could get.DE: You had to sell your claims for anything they would take then to be able to--MS: To be able to continue to live under, and look for more. We didn't realize the value. Really, we thought if we could sell a claim for 20 or 15 dollars it was a gold mine. Some of these claims today have had millions of dollars worth of ore taken from them. I don't even like to look back on that because I think this had always been the fate of a prospector. He has never been the one to make they money. Big corporations figure out ways of finally ending upwith the property and you're left sitting with yourmemories.DE: I wonder what were those things going by. Your father13
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1then was a government trapper until he became a prospector?MS: He prospected while he was trapping, later on. He trapped for about 29 years and became more involved in the prospecting end of things and paid less attention to his trapping and they fired him when he was one year from retirement. Well this, we thought at the time that this was a pretty sad blow because he had made a real good record, the thing he'd done, but the way it turned out it was a blessing in disguise because then he converted all his time to prospecting and finally we ended up with some real fine mines which I'11 talk about in a few minutes when we get to that part of my life.DE: Is this the reason the Depression was so hard on your family? Because he did lose his job?MS: Oh no. He lost his job at the end of the Depression. The reason the Depression was so hard on us was there just wasn't any money or nothing to do and there were a lot of us, 12 kids. We were all growing up and always hungry. We just did the best we could 1ike other families. We weren't any different than anybodyelse. Really we didn't lose a lot of money in thetransaction. We didn't have it.DE: What kind of place was Blanding at that time?14
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1MS: Well, Blanding was a small community in the cedars,sagebrush. Where I lived was the center of town and you'd follow the trail through the cedar trees. My father had taken up part homesteading quite a little land and we worked on the land and cleared trees and things in our spare time, hauled wood. The only thing I ever remember when I was young was going out as far as supplies of wood for winter. Finally a little later we did end up with a coal oil lamp. A little later electricity, but that came into Blanding quite a bit later. In my childhood it was strictly a house here and there and the cedars and a few dirt roads,and they finally put us in a little water system here. If you were lucky he put a cloth on here and strained the bugs and the frogs out and get a pretty good drink.Then this was homestead territory?Uh huh.And you're part of the original homestead stuff?DE:MS:DE:MS: My folks came to Blanding on one side down throughthe Hole in the Rock area, on the other side [of the river]. Later they were sent to Mexico to colonize and then came back after my grandfather was killed in a revolution in Mexico. They came back, and this was in the real early days in Blanding--well, 1912.15
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1DE: Wasn't the Hole in the Rock down here by 1898?MS: DE:MS:Something like that.And some of the original Hole in the Rock people were went to work down in Mexico.Well, I don't know if it was original_ or the next party that came through. My grandfather I think was the second party and he was a partner in the S. s.Cattle Company and wealthy. He had studied some medicine. But the Mormon Church sent him to Mexico to colonize and he went. While he was there Mexicans killed him, so my grandmother with all her children came back in a wagon--she had about 14. Of course this was before my day.Now they came back, clear up to Blanding?Clear back to Blanding.That must have been quite a trip.Quite a trip, that's true. It's tremendous having lost her husband and driven out of the land and withyou might say just what was on her back, very little, being able to travel. Of course a lot of her sons were quite old and able to take care of things, you know, as they came along. That's on my mother's side of the family. On my father's side they settled down in Arizona and in some of the places and then came onDE: MS: DE: MS:up here.16
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1DE: What was the name on your mother's side?MS: She was from the Joshua Stevens family.DE: ---?--- in the early pioneer years, even though itMS:was in the early 1900s.Oh, they were pioneers in the ruggedest sense on both sides. My grandmother Shumway was married I think at 14. Her and grandfather got in the old wagon and went out to seek their fortune, and this is what they did. On my father's side they came up and settled here in a place called Fiddler's Green in Recapture [Creek]. They had so many problems with the Indians and cattle rustlers that they eventually lost most of their cattle and moved on up to town, I assume, so they could attend school and settle here and raise afamily.Now this was strictly--they were here strictly because of religious purposes though in the beginning.I think both sides were. They were LDS people and they wanted to be where the Church wanted them to be. I think this is true even today.DE:MS:DE: So they had to move here and then whatever has transpired since, being partly because the Churchwanted them here.MS: I think that's true, yes. Well, that's quite a bit of17
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1background on my--I could go further on my Shumway side of the family. My great great grandfather I believe it was, was a scout for Brigham Young when the Mormons decided to--I don't know if you'reacquainted with Mormon history at all. When they were driven out of Nauvoo and decided to come to Utah or come West--they didn't know it was Utah yet--he was a scout, and so this prospecting and pioneer blood dates way on back. He was a scout and he crossed the Missouri River, the first person to cross it [of the Mormon pioneer companiesJ¥ They began coming West. After they came a while he went back, I believe. I don't know where, but back where he was raised--I guess around New York or somewhere--and married an Indian princess of the Mohican side. So I am about an eighth or something Mohican. But it doesn't show too much, I guess. So we have a little bit of Indian blood in us and maybe that's helped us to survive in this rugged old country. It's been said a lot of times--this is a rugged country and it takes a rugged people to come here and settle it. There was really nothing to come for when you stop to think about it except lots of Indians to fight and tough earth toconquer.DE: Now the earth has a beautiful sandy soil.18
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1 MS: Beautiful.DE: But I 've noticed out here where you have your dry farm, you do have good rain or the right kind of rain season; you do have farmland.Oh, you bet.MS:DE:MS: DE:MS:But if it doesn't rain at the right time you are at a critical--Right.I know part of the land out here was for cattle. Did any of your people go into cattle business?Yes. On both sides. My grandfather Stevens was sent to Mexico with a partner in the S. S. Cattle Company in Indian trade, which is one of the biggest in the territory. Then the Church called him to go. He sold his interest to them and left. My grandfather Shumway had a cattle herd. I mentioned a while ago they rustled them and one thing or another till they didn't think it was a good thing, so they gave up on it. Now my father's had cattle all his life and he still has some (except for during the Depression. I guess we ate them if we had them.) . But they did about like every other pioneer. The pioneer's life didn't change much one from another. Most of them had cows, horses, tilled the soil, did whatever they could. I don't think they were very different or they19
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1wouldn't have been here.DE: Were they as close a group now as you're growing up? Not only for the Church, but I mean as a family group, were you close?MS: Real close. You don't grow up with six brothers and sisters in a Depression without being close, and we still are today. We never had problems in our family, inward problems like you hear with lots of families. We just--well, I worked with my brothers today and there are no bosses. Everybody does what he wants to do and consequently everything gets done. We just consider that they're all perfectionists. You couldn't hire people that are better, so we just work together.DE: Did you help each other out during the Depression?MS: Well--we were--I was the oldest and there were a lot of real young children. Yes, we helped the best wecould.DE: What about the other parts to your family, your auntsand uncles; did you work in a group with them too?MS: No, very little. They had their own problems. Each family more or less had their separate problems. However, when it came to prospecting we worked as a family. We staked all these--nearly all these claims- -in the family name until a year ago, the Shumway20
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1Brothers. But we dissolved a few years back, favor corporation, changed the name of the thing.We'11 get into that as we come back, because the background is so important. As you said, you worked then as a whole group, or a whole family, not just as a individual, but as a whole--As far as prospecting, when someone found an area that we thought should be looked at, we didn't run off by ourselves. We went and got usually the four brothers that were interested in mining, my fatherDE:MS:DE: MS:and three of his brothers, the four of them.Will you name those so we have them on tape?Well, usually the ones that were most interested were Seth and A and Lee and Harris. Us boys would actually as we got older get in the picture too. Then later onin life we replaced them. They didn't prospect when we still were doing a lot of prospecting, as they got older too. Old man A fixed it up with everybody sooner or later.It does have a way doesn't it? Now early prospecting that you did was back in the 1930s?The very earliest, yes. In the late '30s. See, I was only nine years old in 1930. Born in '21. I must havebeen around--before I really began prospecting I guess I was 16 when I first went to work in theDE:MS:21
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1mines--except to go with my father to see what he was doing. To go on my own I didn't do it.DE: Until the late 1930s?MS: Yes, it would be the late '30s.DE: You mentioned the Blanding Mines of the 1930s. Wasthis the Cottonwood area?MS: Uh huh. Yeah, the Blanding Mines were a group ofbusinessmen who bought out some of these claims from my folks and got this mill going. I don't remember the price. I think they give them $2,400 for that $10,000,000 ore body.DE: Did that include the--did that include the Big Hole? MS: This was the Big Hole, as they all called it. It was the first one they opened up, but since there have been many others that are equally as good. The one they first opened up, the one I went to work in at 16was the Big Hole.DE: That's the one you were carting out in thewheelbarrow?MS: That's the one we wheelbarrowed out of. I went thereand it wasn't even underground.DE: How many of you worked. in that one at one time?MS: Well, it must have been--well, I'd guess 15 or 20 men working in there.DE: All family?22
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1MS:DE:MS:No. No, I was the only one in the family. Some of my cousins worked in there.Well, this is what I meant by family right now. It would be relatives instead of the family.Quite a few, because they were interested in the mining business and actually they got on the job and got the job. It wasn't a family operation. Blanding Mines Company could care less and they hired whoever they thought could do the job like any company. But we had a little inside dope because we could do thejob; we were more acquainted with the work than some with the ore. So most all of the Shumways on the Shumway side of the family did go to work there. On my mother's side of the family there are strictly no miners. They could care less.Were there any special considerations on your family claims after they sold it?I don't think so, like anybody else. Went out and applied for the job and they knew they needed work. They got the job. As far as I know there wasn't. Didn't do any special prospecting--Well, like I mentioned earlier, when they wanted to go look for a new area, usually it was my uncle that had found the area. They asked to go find them and I tagged along and we'd open up a new area. So they didDE:MS:DE: MS:23
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1get that preference; if they needed to find some more ore they would do it. They knew it.DE: Then you father would stake it in his name and then sell it to the other company.MS: Usually, usually you had to stake it in the company name. I think it's an unwritten law that when you're working for somebody you stake it in their name.DE: I know if you are working for a company and you invest something--MS: The company's responsible. Well this was true then. I--but when we--they weren't all working for the company and just continued prospecting, and this certainly wasn't in the company name. Well, we'd better get on with the story.DE: There's so much to tell for anyone who has been in it since 1930. All right, can you carry us through there from after working in the Big Hole?MS: After I quit working in the Big Hole is when I graduated from high school. I worked there while I was in school. After I graduated I decided to go to work for myself, so we moved out onto the claim which is called the Ridge One group a little ways south; it's in Cottonwood. It's a little south of Big Hole.My younger brothers grew up to the age where they wanted to work, so my brother and I leased this24
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1property from my father and went to work on our own. This is Burdette Shumway. I'll mention him a littlelater. At this age your jackhammers were coming; we finally had ten jackhammers and compressors. The first year we worked down there I don't think we had one. I think we strictly used single jacks and hammers, but the ore was on the surface. It was everywhere and it wasn't too hard to mine, but as soon as we got enough money to buy them we bought us a compressor. It was an old Model A. I might describe this just a little. I think it put out 60 pounds of air and it had two cylinders pumping and two runningand took about two people to keep the compressor going so one person could run the hammer. Usually one person would have to pour water in the radiator and one would try to keep everything synchronized and away we'd go. This was our first compressor. We had this one summer and we made a lot of ore for those days. Today it would seem nothing, but it was good ore and we made pretty good money and we got on our feet in the mining business. I don't know how much we made. I assume we figured we were making two or three hundred a month. We were really making the money, andI guess in those days we were.DE: Were you still sacking it under contract?25
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1MS; On no. This would be clear up into the '40s we'retalking, '47 or 8 I believe. You see, in the meantime I've had to go to school and go to the service and kill about ten years. No, we finally ended up with a contract with--I believe it was called the Metal Reserves--under contract with Vanadium Corporation of America. We had a real goodfriend in there and his name was Ken Gerard. He has known the family for quite a while. He was the ore buyer and helped us to get a good contract. I recall this was the early 1940--no, this was later. I might go back just a little. I knew Ken Gerard before we ever mined for him, and when I was ready to go get married I was broke as usual. It was in 1942 just before I went in the service and we were mining. I remember going over and getting an advance of 60 dollars on our ore and I hadn't yet mined the ore. I told him I'd have to go mine some more to get some money to get married and he said, "How much do you need?" I said, "About 60 dollars." He said, "When you get that ore mined you bring it in to me." So I went out and mined what I thought was 60 dollars worth of ore, took it over to the mill and he give me 60dollars and that's what I used to get married with. DE: How did you determine how much was--26
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1MS:I don't think he cared. He was a good friend and he probably saw it as a good cause, but anyway that's how we got the money to get married. Then to get back to the long story there, we mined with the compressor for about a year I believe. That would be in -60--no, about '43 or '44. This was the first contract we hadjust about the time of the war when they paid us good for vanadium. Then after the war we came back and got right in the mining business again. Me and Jordan were still buying ore and the Metals Reserve was still buying ore, apparently to get a supply. When was it? About 1943, '44. '44?The bomb was in 1 45.' 45? That' s when we come back from the service. Wewent to work for the same people and the old mill was abandoned. The Metals Reserve had abandoned the mill because I guess they had gotten whatever they wanted out of it.Is this the one in Cottonwood?Uh huh. This is the Cottonwood, the same old mill I worked in when I was real young. I think that mill operated for about ten years.Did you yourself work in the mill?DE: MS:DE: MS:DE:MS: I didn't work in the mill. I worked in the mine butit was for the mill, the Blanding Mines Company. 27
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1DE: We went in there today.MS:Yes, you can still see where the mill was. Well, we went back to work for VCA. They had leased all their claims from the Blanding Mines or the---?--- I don't know what their ---?--- was. ---?--- State ---?--- which are the ones that bought them. We subleased from them and we went to work in the Cottonwood area and found lots of ore and did real good. We mined alot, hunted a lot. I remember we mined until about noon and shot our holes, and while the holes were smoking out we'd go hunting deer or go digging moquis or do something for a few hours. Then we'd come back and mine again. We had better cars in those days. I think we had about a 1940 Ford or something we gotworking. We lived--You used the Ford in your work then?Just to go and come. We started driving to work. In the early days we camped out there. It's only about nine miles straight through, but to drive that far on those roads we'd never get any work done, so we camped. But after the war we'd go back and forth toDE: MS:work.DE: Were the roads better?MS: A little. They were passable. The Blanding MinesCompany had fixed the roads up. I can tell you a 28
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1little about the roads. I helped build the roads. When I first went to work for them there wasn't but a trail down there, and this was about the time they started building the mill and started to open the mine. So they give a bunch of us picks and shovels and we built that road down through the trees and thesagebrush, the easiest place we could find, and you know, today all they've done is graded it up. But we've done a pretty good job. The roads we built are still there. Well, after we mined a few years, the VCA--we did pretty well. My cousins and brother and our family and the company could see that we were making more money than they thought we ought to, so they keep raising the royalty. They were tough, and they'd find something to penalize us for every month. The more we found the tougher they got. Finally we got fed up and told them to go jump in a lake and quit.DE: Now was this VCA?MS: Uh huh. We quit working for them, and this would bein the early '50s I think, or actually in the end of the '40s. Part of my partners went to Colorado. DeVarr Shumway and Bart Washburn, fellows we had worked with for years there, moved to Colorado. My brothers were grown up then and Burdette and I were29
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1partners. We had been for many years and we just began prospecting on our own. And this was from the beginning of the Shinarump formation we discovered to have uranium in. Probably the reason it was discovered then in our area was because it's in a different type of ore and you can't see the uranium. But it--carnotite is yellow. Wherever you see it it's yellow or light green. There's no problem. But in the Shinarump you don't see it and nobody knew it was there, but some of my uncles had gone down to the Happy Jack Mine and spotted uranium in with the copper there. It had leached into the carnotite or yellow ore. That's when we learned that the Shinarump formation had uranium, and it started a complete new boom for uranium prospecting. I was there at the very prime age to get in on it, and we did. We prospected the whole country over again. We walked all the rims we'd walked before, only a thousand foot lower. In the meantime my folks had discovered a tremendous lot of mines in the Shinarump, my brothers, I mean myuncles--we prospected with them. They knew there were tremendous ore bodies, but we didn't have the place to sell Shinarump ore. This prompted them that they'd better sell it. VCA built a mill on the Colorado River and we tried hauling ore down there with copper30
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1and they tried to concentrate uranium out of it. We sent ore down there for a year or so but it wasn't very successful. The mill wasn't successful and the roads were terrible. So we pretty much gave up on that idea of mining and sold the mine out to Sitton.DE: Y ou're speaking of Fenn Sitton?MS: Fendel Sitton.DE: When you're talking about that mill, which mill wasthis?MS: VCA's own concentrator on the Colorado River. It wasonly there a few years. It wasn't successful. The roads were bad, real bad. They had to have a lot of water, so they built the mill down there.DE: A question now, when you took your ore out did you do your own hauling to the mill?MS: To begin with we bought some old trucks and hauled our own ore.DE: You went into as complete--MS: Un huh. We did the complete work to begin with.DE: From prospecting to deliver to the mill.MS: From prospecting to deliver to the mill--we did itall. Later we decided that the business didn't mix well. We got out of the trucking business and began a contract business which we do today. Had some great experiences running them trucks. Man alive, that's31
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1the sorriest business you can get in.DE: That's what the man was telling me about, he was in from 1 54 on.MS: Who'd you say he was?DE: Hoggard. H-o-g-g-a-r-d.MS: Hoggard. Junior Hoggard? He hauled ore for us. Yeah.No, I'll get to that in a minute. He was one of the original ore haulers off of the Deer Flat area. Did he mention hauling ore from Deer Flat?DE: That's right, it was Deer Flat. Yes.MS: We had some mines there. After we sold those--let'sjust go on with the story here, after we sold those mines to Fendel Sitton he found ways of beating my father and his brothers out of them. He claimed some of them weren't valid, one thing or another, took them to court and actually they lost all of the valuable mines and got very little money out of them. Well, we leased the Deer Flat area from Sitton on a sorry lease. We knew nothing about contracts. Most of our work had been verbal and he gave us a written contract with some bad clauses in it. About this time the Geological Survey and the Atomic Energy began to really look for uranium. This was when the big boom started.DE: In the 1950s.32
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1MS: Yes, this would be in '53 and 2, along in there. Wefound this tremendous ore body in Hideout area, Deer Flat, my brother and myself. When Sitton found out that we had this rich ore body he had a 30 day clause in his contract and booted us out. In the meantime we did haul a little ore out of there and a little later we went over some area that we had missed down there and we staked a bunch of property of our own, some pretty good claims. By then the Mexican Hat people had moved in and built the mill at Mexican Hat. I don't know how many years had lapsed. Not very many in between the time the old mill at the river went out of the picture there. It wasn't very many years until there was a market for the ore and it became a good market. Everybody wanted it. We didn't have to probe the market. The problem then was to get busy and mine the ore. We had lots of claims, and so this is when we really got in the mining business. We bought lots of equipment and began to modernize things and we mined lots of ore, thousands of tons every month and we sold to these mills. In fact, at one time we had three or four mines going and we formed a corporation called Shumway Uranium Corporation. We mined under that name up here for a year or so and we kept continuously prospecting33
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1because this was part of the game and we knew we had to continue to find new mines, so we continued to prospect. We moved from the lower country where it was easy to prospect in around the high mountain country where you prospected only in the summer, and up there we discovered some real good mines, and probably some of the first ones that were everdiscovered. One of them was the Payday Mine. I don'tknow whether you've heard of it? DE: Yes.MS: My brother and I found the Payday Mine, and we give a fellow--we were going to give a fellow half interest in it--we didn't know how good it was--in the mine if he'd build us a road into it. He got within 50 feet of the ore body. He was an alcoholic and he had to gohave a drink, and he got drunk and never came back. This has been the greatest blessing of our life because we finished the road up and [the mineJ was worth a million dollars. And we mined probably a million dollars worth of ore out of this, the Shumway Brothers, a fantastic mine. This was in 1963 and 4. While we was mining it, boy--I've got to go back to Deer Flat area for a little bit. While we, in 1959--'54, about '54 I guess, '53-- DE: Right after the Hideout?34
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1MS: Right after the Hideout. We'd been kicked out of theHideout mine and we had some mines we discovered for ourselves. A couple were good; it's called the Sandy Mine. Consequently there was a tremendous amount of ore there. My brothers, Lynn, and I went with a contractor to build a road into the Sandy Mine and unfortunately for me, we were shooting there one day in the cold old mine wind and I was fixing primers and the charge went off. I was holding it in my hand and it blowed one hand to pieces and filled me full of stuff and blinded me in one eye. This really was a handicap in my mining career. It's pretty tough to get around in the underground in the dark, as dark asit is a lot of times, with one eye. But, we went ahead anyway and finished the road, and from then on I didn't--I got less and less active in the actual mining. I did a little prospecting and worked on equipment. I had taken a course in mechanics in college and while I was in the service I went to the tech school for the Army and did diesel work. So I just more or less took over. We had lots of equipment by then anyway. It was always broken down. So I justmore or less took over the mechanic end of things.DE: I'd like to ask a question. I knew you were injured. Were the roads good enough; were you close enough to35
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1get in to have medical assistance?MS: Well, no. We were up on this hill about--I'd guess two or three miles from the road where our car was parked and I had to walk out of there, me and a fellow, the contractor and my brother, and come to town. I was bleeding from every pore. I probably thought it was a lot worse than it was. Anyway, I wasin a lot of pain and we didn't have any pain killer. I remember it was a tremendous journey. It took us from two or three in the afternoon until late in the evening to get to town, and when I got here the shrapnel was a piece of copper, a cap, blasting cap that went in my eye was copper and they couldn't get it out. It wouldn't magnetize and it was impossible-- this rupture in my eye was letting the fluid out and they were pretty concerned about it. So all I did was stop here long enough to get pumped full of pills and all kinds of pain killer and was loaded up and went to Salt Lake. We got in Salt Lake about two in the morning and her--we called ahead and had the cops clear the road for us, and drove from here to Salt Lake in five hours in an old, about a 19--what, we're talking about a 1954 Ford that's going. When we gotthere the doctors were ready and they went in there and operated on the eye and I stayed in the hospital36
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1a month. Later I went back and had another operation, taking out a lot of the lenses. I never regained my sight, but I kept my eye. This was a tough experienceDE:MS:in my life because when you're in the mining business you need all your facilities. And I'd lost one hand and one eye and was full of schrapnel from one end to the other, full of cap, had just broken half to pieces.Was there anything that could have been done to avoid the accident?Yes, I think there was. It was cold and we had a fire some--oh, it was quite a ways away. but there was a north wind and I think the wind picked up the spark. It was one of these million to one shots, that spark went in that cap at the exact time I went to put the fuse on it. It would never happen in a million years, I'm sure but it did, and that's what happened. One of those long shots. It wasn't because we were careless but because we weren't. I think the wind picked that spark up and carried it farther than normal.Did you--(noise outside)Would it be better if we shut the door?We seem to have some hot rodders.That's not unusual.You can tell that it is a little bit more than theDE: MS: DE: MS: DE:37
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1Model Fords that you had when you started. Did you have, carry workman's compensation?MS: Oh yes. We carried that always. In fact, I think I was one of the first ones in the country to get under this, under workman's compensation, and we still carry it today. We changed the policy a little. I got my money's worth out of them, I think. Well, anyway I was pretty well handicapped as far as--so I just did mechanic work for a few years. Well, are there any questions up to this point? We've pretty well covered everything as near as I can remember. I'm sure there are things we've missed, I'm sure, but there always will be. You can't go day by day for 30 years and not miss something.DE: There's one area I did want to ask about, your contract or your lease with Fennel Sitton. You said you were--up to this time it had been verbal. Had you dealt with outsiders before then?MS: Only the Vanadium Corporation, and they only gave verbal contracts. If they wanted to kick you out they would. But they very seldom did because they beat you out of the ore anyway. Now I hope I don't have to go to court on that, but that's the damn truth.DE: Well, it has been proven, you did go to court once-- MS: We went to court later and recovered a lot of the38
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1money they'd beat us out of on a lot of uranium.DE: Do you think they were aware at the time that they needed the uranium or were they---?--- at that time? MS: I have no way of knowing. I would assume that the head of the company had contracts with the government where they knew--Vanadium Corporation is a big company and I'm sure they knew something was going on. They couldn't have helped it. Whether they actually knew that this uranium was going into theAtomic bomb I don't know.DE: But they were stockpiling the tailings or thebyproducts of uranium, the byproducts?MS: Well, I think they were recovering it. As far as wewere concerned ---?--- byproduct, but I'm sure they recovered it. They just had a loophole we didn't know about.DE: Well, were they keeping the uranium right there at their place?MS: I don't have any idea what they did with it. All we'd do is take our ore over there, dump it, get the sample and get out. We knew nothing about the mill operation; could care less.DE: Now they always give you a sample, though?MS: We always had a sample.DE: Did you ever take it to anyone else to have it39
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1checked and assayed?MS: DE:MS: DE: MS:DE:MS: DE: MS:Oh yes.At the time that you had these assayed it was strictly for vanadium, right?Uh huh.They didn't take ore--We had no contract for anything but vanadium. We strictly had a vanadium contract.I was wondering if on your own volition you had any other ore--Well, I don't remember it.But you had the right to go ahead and do it, though? Oh yes, we got a sample of everything that was run through the mill and we could take it and compare our assay with theirs, and if they were wrong, we could protest. There was all kinds of friction going on with ore among the miners and chemists. It was a common thing. You could buy a chemist off to give you a better assay. Everybody does. I don't think I'll go into that, but that was common practice because themill would beat you out of everything it could and you got back at them the best way you could, and that was usually buy off the chemist. I think this is done today. I know it is. We're not involved in it, but I'm sure it is.40
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1DE: Would the chemist be the most logical person in--MS: Either the chemist or the scientist. Now there areabout four samplers, but I just don't want to get involved in this thing because it's a pretty touchy subject. There was a guy that took the sample off the truck. There was a fellow that split the sample, the fellow that drives the sample, and the chemist and anyone of them could fix your ore just by putting a pinch of high grade in your sample and you paid him according to what you wanted. Well, this is pretty common practice. Most everybody does it. But they checked him and they'd fire him, and then a new one would come along and you'd have to go to work on him.DE: That's what I was going to ask you, because in a large company they have to weigh the costs. They would know eventually; sooner or later they would know what they were getting and what they should be getting.MS: We didn't worry about them because we knew they were beating us at more than we could possibly recover. This is the miner's point of view. We were getting taken anyway so bad it wasn't funny. Anyway, [even if] we could get back it still wouldn't break us even. The mill knew that and they allowed for that.They knew miners that were buying off people so they 41
 MERWIN SHUMWAY # 1just beat you on whatever way they could. Well, anyway, let's just leave that. That's a pretty touchy subject when you get back, it even involves people getting caught in the process. Not myself, but things of that nature. I don't think it's really important. Let's leave--is this your first trip in this area? ---?---How do you like it? How do you like San Juan County?I do, I really do.Fantastic country, isn't it?---?--- and going to something as uranium ---?--- even that much more interesting because you get thepeople, the backbone of it, of this time right now through these people that have made this such a wonderful place and of historical value.MS: Yeah, well, when we were talking about Bla.nding it might be just a good note that the people that came here were LDS and they had high standards. Consequently you can't buy beer in Blanding today and we'd like it to stay this way, but this is a long ways off the subject. People can come from out in the world and find this out and they say, "I'm all for you." You'd think they'd say, "This is the crummiest place I've ever seen because you can't even buybeer," but they don't. They say, "We admire you for 42DE: MS: DE: MS: DE:
 MERWIN SHUMWAY #1it, and if possible you can keep it this way." That's the amazing t hing , but I don't know if we can.DE: Well, probably as long as--as the original family remains here--and that was one of the things that I was concerned about and was goi ng to ask is t hat how are you going to keep the younger generation here in this area unless the mining comes back? ---?--- independent miners?MS:Well, this is a real problem. Now my own boy, we have no market for uranium today. Uranium is in a depressed situation. We have large ore bodies drilled out. I might even mention that if we don't run out of tape.We have all the time in the world, and furthermore I just--I have several more reels of tape--we'll try it again.It's unbelievable. Well, I didn't hear it pick that noise up too much in the playback.We'll continue on then and see what happens.I guess we don't have a choice do we? See, that does it anytime it goes a certain place it--I was wondering if we could turn it over. This isDE:MS:DE: MS:DE:continued on the other side.[Editors note: There is no more recording on this tape.][END OF TAPE]43