 W. SPENCER HUTCHINSD 'N Grand Junction, Colorado Tape No. 81An interview byGreg Brolin and Richard Gibbs July 28, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground. 1 His Duties with the A.E.C. 3 Access Road Program.. 6 A.E.C. 's Involvement. 7 Lawsuits Against the A.E.C .. 12 Reflections of Years at A.E.C. 17
 The following is an interview with W. Spencer Hutchinson, conducted by Richard Gibbs and Gregg Brolin, at the Atomic Energy Commission Compound, Grand Junction, Colorado, on 28 July , 1970.B:H:All right. We'd like to begin by thanking you, Mr. Hutchinson, for allowing us to come into your home today and talk with you about the Atomic Energy Commission. Would you start off first by giving a little background about yourself?I was a graduate of M.I.T. in 1929, and started out working for Anaconda in Butte, Montana. This was during the crash in '29, and I got laid off after a year's work. But, I had a job offered tome the next day in Mexico, down in Baja, California. It was engineer on a copper prospect for North American Mines in Boston. This lasted about a year, and then I went to work in the coalfields in Pennsylvania and worked as a special engineer for the Philadelphia and Redding Coal and Iron Company. Got married in 1932. My wife joined me in Crackville, Pennsylvania, in the coal region. After three years there I went to Virginia for North American Mines as manager of the gold prospects. I re-opened the old United States Mine, actually just eightyá miles from Washington, D.C., in the Battle of the Wilderness during the Civil War. Bothmy grandfather and my partner--my partner's grandfather fought in the Civil War, both on the Yankee side as it happens. So we picked up bullets in the road going out to the mine and we re-opened ahundred foot shaft and found a skeleton in the bottom of the shaft, just the uniform and the belt buckle and some of the buttons from
 H: the uniform. Never did find out who he was. But I saved someof the buttons and the belt buckle. Went from there to Bostonfor the same company as a special engineer in the Boston office. Then, in '35 went to California for them as engineer in charge of their Western explorations, going to California, Oregon, Nevada. In'37 I left them and went as engineer for the Fremont Goldberg Company and the Mother Lode of California. I was engineer in charge for two years. From there, I went with gold prospects in Nevadaat Winnemuca, and was there for a year. Then I went to the Cherokee Mine up at Green Belt, California where I was for three years asthe manager of the gold mine for Alfred Meredith in San Francisco,who was a well known insurance man, had graduated from Berkeley in metallurgy and mining. So his interest was in the mining game.This was a very successful operation. But we were closed down with the gold closing order of '41. I went from there with Metals Reserve Company in Washington for two years, in R.F.C. and then I filed an application to go into the Navy and went in as a Lieutenant J.G. in the Seabees and served in Thirty-Sixth Field Construction Battalion,which was a pontoon outfit. I was adjutant for the regiment, mainly office work and writing orders out of Pearl Harbor and Guam for five construction battalions on pontoon work. I came back from there and went to work for the same man in San Francisco for another gold mine in Californiae This was the Brush Creek Mine near Downyville~ Ioperated it for three years and did rather well. Took out several million dollars for him. Finally left there when he sold out his2
 H:G:H:partnership to a rancher in California. He wanted to retirefrom work, and I went from there to the A.E.C. in Grand Junction.What year was that?Well, I didn't go with A.E.C. until '49, September of '49. Got out of the service in '45, and was in Goodyear's Bar until '49 and joined the A.E.C. in '49. I left to go with Eureka Corporation in Nevada for nine months in '51 and then returned to Grand Junction as an engineer. Within six months I was made assistant to the manager and I held that position until '59. Then I was appointed as Director of Source Material, Procurement Division in contract administration concentrating on procurement contracts, which jobI held until I retired last week in '70.Now what was your function, what were your duties during that first stint with the A.E.C.?I worked a lot on the leasing program. In the first years wedidn't have any information specialist. I did a lot of the contract work with the newspapers and arranged a lot of the visits, checked on the leasing programs, spearheaded it in the beginning. Bob Toolwas in charge, Robert Tool.Do you know where Robert Tool is right now?He's up there at Poulson, Montana, up on the Flathead Lake, retired. He bought a place on the south end of the lake of Poulson. We hearB:H:G:H:3
 H:B:H:from him, his wife, about every three or four months. He's retired and playing golf and fishing at Flathead Lake.You mentioned that you were in leasing. Now, back in theearly part of the leasing program, what did it take to get some- one to lease these lands? Were they quite as popular as they were later on?Well, we had a lot of applications for the land. It was difficult to select a leasor. We had a group of engineers who reviewed the qualifications of each individual. We attempted to select thebest, most capable engineers, individuals to operate a property. Some of the properties were small with no ore blocked out; some were larger and took quite a sizeable investment to open them up. Some of these things affected decisions on who was selected.What did you--did you have any certain qualifications in mind when you were reviewing these applications?Capability of mining mainly, integrity, business ability. Some of the small leases down in Slick Rock were really two man shows. This is where a couple of men worked together on small operations and there was frequently ore in the face, but nothing developed ahead.Did it take much money for the independent operator to get started on it if he had an A.E.C. lease?B:H:B:4
 H:Not too much. Not on that particular arrangement. Some of the leases on Club Mesa and in the Uravan Mineral Belt where you had to sink a shaft two or three hundred feet, this took more capital, a hundred, two hundred thousand dollars, to get started on someof those operations.What were usually the terms of these leases? How long were they for?Originally,! believe, they were for two or three years. They were one or two toward the end that were entered into as five year leases.Now, were these ever renewed?A number of them were renewed. Most of them were renewed if there was still opportunity on the property and the individual wanted to continue. He would have the first chance of continuing the lease. I don't know of any, let's say, were leased out from under anybody.The A.E.C. was merely interested in just getting as much ore as they possibly could.As much ore and seeing they get certain mills, to fill mills so that uranium would be produced. This was the main reason forhaving so-called directed ore clauses in the contract which caused the industry a problem. They felt that because they hadB:H:B:H:B:H:5
 H:to maybe truck their ore further than to the closest millthat this was an imposition, but actually this was part of the lease when it was originally let. They knew what the arrange- ments were and it was really to fill that, or help fill that particular mill.Where the ore was needed?Could you explain something about the Access Roads Program?I~rn not too much on detail on that, franklyeWhy were they built?Mainly to open up areas. I'm thinking now of the particular ones that I remember or recall are down on the Navajo Indian Reservation. There were some bridges, one bridge or two bridges built I know, one down there across some of the dry washes which increased the cost.Were some of the miners ever disgruntled because access roads weren't built in their area?I don't remember any real complaints in this area. I think more, more, I can recall certain chambers of commerce and so-called political groups who would pitch for a road to an area, maybe not so much to produce uranium ore, but for other purposes.G:B:H:B:H:B:H:6
 B:Once the Colorado Plateau had been recognized as good sourceof uranium, how did this affect the government's foreign ore policy? Was it innnediately curtailed or did they have to finish off the contracts with these different countries, such as the deposits in the Congo and some in Canada?Well, of course, we didn't work directly . ¥ . I can only recall what happened with the program. But it wasn't until '56 thatthey announced that the eight dollar price of the '62 to '66 period. It was about that time, wasn't really until '57 that most people recognized that there was a lot of uranium beingfound in the United States. Frankly, I felt earlier that they had found more but it was difficult to convince people that it was showing up. I actually squeezed some languages into speeches that got me in trouble later on, by saying that ore reserveswere doubling every eighteen months. I got this said in several speeches before someone called and said, 'Well, that reaches infinity pretty soon!' But it was actually true in '56 and '57. It wasn't until the fall of '57 that they announced the slowdownin concentrate buying. But I'm sure they started curtailing their foreign procurement as early as possible. They had long term, ten year contracts as I recall in South Africa.To what extent did the A.E.C. hold control of the mining operations when they were under leases on the Colorado Plateau? Did theyhave any certain degree of control over these people?H:B:7
 H:B:H:Only to the extent of seeing that safety practices were carried out, proper ventilationWhen did the ventilation program actually go into full swing?It's difficult to call it that. As an engineer working in gold mines and mines throughout the country, you have to--I know you have to have good ventilation. I can recall going down Bill McCormick's shaft down there at Slick Rock and finding that he wasn't running his fan and telling him he'd better get it going, and this sort of thing. They were real small operations, two-man shows. Sometimes when they were working down in the face it's difficult to take time out to go back up and turn a fan on.Was the concern more for sufficient oxygen in the mines or were they aware of these radon daughter ¥ ¥ ¥ ?They, as far as I know, they weren't aware of this radon daughter thing at all in the early days. There was some radiation problem but the understanding here with engineers and what we passed on to the leasors was that if you took care of your dust you probably took care of any radiation hazards. I'm not talking about radon, radon daughters. Of course, it was known about radon daughtersbut I don't think anyone felt the urgency in protection against radiation, radon gas.At what point do you think that people became aware of the problem and the A.E.C. finally took some action on it? Was it the BoardB:H:B:8
 B:H:B:H:B:H:B:H:G:H:G:H:of Health, or did the state .¥. ?Well, this was actually, I think, the Public Health and statepeople that first raised this question of radon gas in the mines.Can you recall how long ago that was?I'd hate to put a date on it, several years.Was it ever possible for the mills to decrease the price paid to miners or were these prices set by the Commission in the terms of their leases.You mean the price for the ore that he sold?Y eah.These were all Cicular Five prices. I think it was in the period of '62 when the Circular Five prices were in effect. In terms of ¥¥¥Circular Five didn't come into being until what, '53--'50,-51, '51.In terms of security restrictions now, what type of information was not available to the independent miner during the period, say, '49 to '54?You say independent miners as if you were picking a class. But I think the information was restricted not to keep it from the9
 H:B:H:B:H:B:H:independent miner but just so it wouldn't be spread to foreign sources and disclose the capability or lack of capability for producing uranium.Was all types of geological information available to any miner?Any, any that wasn't company confidential was available to anyone. Material or information received because it was company inform- ation was withheld. I'm not speaking of the leasing program. This was available. But I'm thinking of private companies, confidence.Did the sampling methods prescribed by the A.E.C. differ in any way from that used by private industry or used by private industry now.Do you mean the sampling of ore?Yes.Probably in most cases not much different. I think there are a few cases where either there aren't enough individual mining operations to justify the investment in a full fledged sampling facility. I'm thinking of a few of the operations in Texas, and there are one or two in Wyoming. These people aren't actuallybuying ores now either.At the beginning of the leasing program, the Commission was weighing two alternatives for the granting of leases. The first being competitive bidding, and the second being granting the leaseB:10
 B:H:B:H:solely in terms of the applicant's ability to raise money and his experience in the business, am I correct?That's right.Why did they not choose competitive bidding?They--the main reason was the urgency in getting the production out into the particular mills they wanted to. They reviewedthis periodically and wound up after every review staying with the selection method in selecting lessees. As I recall, at some point in time when the joint committee was reviewing some ofthe leases at actually the close of the leasing program, theycame out with the statement that they thought it should be competitive bidding anywhere down the road, but there wasn'tany more leasing after that. But as I look on it today, there'sa mandate passed on by the joint committee, going back a numberof years, that will have to be cleared before they go any other route. This is in the hearings and it goes back eight or ten years.It seems that there was always, ever since the start of it, there's been criticism about the A.E.C. leasing program from both the independent men and companies alike.I find it difficult myself to accept this statement without some- body looking and saying how well the leasing program did and what the production was and how it served the purpose of furtheringB:H:
 H:the uranium production at the time. There's no way of saying today which would have done that job better. But my own personal opinion is that the selection method did result in more pro- duction, more satisfactory production than would have happenedif we had gone to a bidding basis.In other words the leasing program that was used was geared to the primary purpose of the A.E.C¥¥ In other words .It was geared to as much production as early as possible.In your years with the Atomic Energy Commission, do you feel that the Commission had fulfilled all of its original goals and its original purpose?Well, you're thinking of developing reserves as well as getting production? I think today looking down the road that it was rather foolish to try entice industry in investing further capital for production ten years from now. Capital eats itself up pretty fast. There's probably a ten year ore supply for anything we can see domestically in the United States for any demands that havebeen lifted.I just have one last question and that deals with leasing again. Have there ever been any lawsuits involving leasing in the A.E.C. leases in which the A.E.C. was named as defendent, or it wouldbe against the government I'm sure?B:H:B:H:B:12
 H: Not that I can recall. Do you have any that ¥.. ?B: No, I just happened to think about that. I was wonderingbecause there was, if ¥ . ¥H: No, no, the only possible tie into this sort of a question that I know is that there have been a few trespasses by industry on government lands, federal lands, and some ore has been mined on federal lands and these companies have been forced to reimburse the federal government for ores that were taken inadvertently, unknowingly, from the federal lands. There hasn't been any gross trespass where somebody did it purposely--stealing ore.B: The reason I asked that was because it seemed back--going back to the 1955 hearings on the leases, it seemed that some of those independents were so heated about this question that I was just curious as to whether or not anything ever came of that. I realize there was sort of a review after that.H: That's right. There was a review after this. Nothing was in those theories that they came out with. They're reviewingwithdrawn lands at the present time. You've probably run intothis in your questioning, recommending or proposing a leasing program. In fact, this hasn't even gone so far as the Commissionersyet. I'm sure they're thinking of going that far and going as far as the Joint Committee in clearing it. They're having some problems, because, how do you handle the independents and small13
 H: miners under a bid type basis on the variety of lands that are held by the fereral government, some with known reserves, some with very little reserves. How do you fairly sort out, even on a bid basis that a small miner has an opportunity1 I think this will be one of their biggest problems.G: Did the Uranium Ore Producers Association ever lock horns withthe A.E.C. over such things as leasing and drilling and exploration?H: Oh, on a number of items. Probably mainly on leasing and ore sampling.G: Why were they so bent about this?H: Well, this is a strictly personal comment. I think it's partlyto keep their own association going, to satisfy some of the member- ship. You've got to have a project or a purpose in order to keep their own membership active and contributing to the organization. This, I believe, was the same sort of situation as the U.I.A.They have to have a purpose or a project in order to serve industry. Now maybe they're worthwhile projects and maybe they aren't. If there aren't any worthwhile projects, you've got to dig up some others~ Now, you speak of sampling. I've worked in the copper industry and in the gold industry. I think gold ores are themost, some of the most difficult ores to sample accurately. Uranium ores are relatively e.a sy to sample compared to gold ores, and yet some of the early day sampling practices, they sampled each truck14
 H:individually, some of these companies to satisfy the miners.I don't think they got any more accurate sampling than this,they had built 100 ton lots and run them through, because ifyou got a bias of some sort, you carry through on the individual sample as well as on the larger one. In the studies that we made, I know of two of the major contractors that were buying ores who had a bias in favor of the seller, and the surveys that were made actually caused them to change their practices to be more accurate.Would it be possible to obtain these surveys?There were some copies. You should be able to get copies of the reports that were made by the Colorado School of Mines. They're down at the A.E.C. Compound. There were two reports, there was an original report and then a year, year and a half later, they wentback and re-surveyed to see if some of their recommendations were followed through. These were published reports.Didn't the A.E.C. have a man going around the country making periodic checks on these mills, carrying a truckload of ore? He knew darn well what was in there.Well, we did this early in the program before we had the Colorado School of Mines come in and make this survey. We took some of our leased ores and picked them up from Monticello and took them to other buying stations and ran them through to see how theyG:H:B:H:15
 H: checked out. This was never too satisfactory, because you would check out once the ore had been sampled and crushed and mixed,it's a lot easier to sample a second time. Then you're not really testing the sample equipment that you're putting it through. Any time the materials handled this mixes it more, easier to sample. Let me go back to one because I think you asked a question thatI didn't answer and you might not have realized why you were asking about security and what information was withheld from industry. Basically, it was mainly production information. Prior to '56 and when they first released the information it was only released asof '56 and thereafter. Then later, I've forgotten the date, they went back and released all of the earlier information. Now this was the production of the ore and production of concentrate. Now all that information is available. B~t at that time, they didn't want the Russians to know how much we had or how much we didn't have, could produce. It was only after they knew we were able to get enough that they were willing to tell them about it, which was after in '56.B: Yes, in a recent interview I had of a miner, he criticised the Atomic Energy Commission for that. He said he felt that all information should be available and so that's why I--I did alittle research on it and I found that only geological information was indeed available .16
 H:B:H:I think there was some that wasn't , because in order to go inand drill on some of the private properties they had to enter into agreements with the operator, owner of the property; that information would be available to him and not to others.But any information which would help him in his drilling ¥ ¥ .Any geological information, all the airborne work was put on open file, just as fast as they could, as soon as they could get the reports written. In fact, I know even today they're trying to type up some of the early reports that were done in longhand and never put in final type. Because they borrowed one of my secre- taries just to type and they found they were shorthanded and they borrowed her to type some fifty-six reports.Once again, I guess I'll ask my last question. I got side-tracked there. Looking back, do you have any reflections on your yearswith the A.E.C.?Only of excellent association. High calibre engineers and personnel, enjoyable to work with, very capable people almost without exception. Seem to attract the right type of engineers, personnel and it'sbeen a very happy association for me. I went to work for Frank McPherson who came in as manager in September of '49, and I started work in October of '49 and I've been through two more managers, Shelton Winston and Allan Jones. I don't know whether you know,B:H:my younger son married Allan Jones1 daughter and then they later17
 H: split up. Now he is re-married and living in New Orleans with his second wife, and they had one child. I met Allan Jones in California when he was running the Virginia Mine and I was running the Cherokee Mine and his daughter was two years old and my sonGH:was four years old.& B: W ell, thank you very much.Okay."18