 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVEC Carbon County, UtahAn Interview By Eldon M illerCarbon County Oral History Project No. 6September 28, 1993American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 TABLE OF CONTENTSBACKGROUNDGOING TO HENAGER COLLEGEJOBS AFTER COLLEGE . . .WHERE MRS. TOPOLOVEC'S FATHER WORKEDKU KLUX KLANBACKGROUND INFORMATION ABOUT MRS. TOPOLOVEC ' SWHAT MRS. TOPOLOVEC'S FATHER THOUGHT ABOUT THE MINE 9EARLY EXPERIENCES GROWING MRS. TOPOLOVEC'S SISTERS LIFE ON THE FARMTHE TRACTORUP123 5 7PARENTS 81 0 11 13 1 6
 [THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVEC . THE DATE IS SEPTEMBER 28, 1993. THE INTERVIEWER IS ELDON MILLER.]HT:This is Harriet Topolovec, my name used to be Bacon. My dad's dairy used to be named the Bacon Jersey Dairy . You could pour off half of the glass bottle, we had glass bottles with lids, pasteboard lids and you could pour the top half off and whip it for whipping cream. So, now what else?When did you start, when did your dad start the dairy, do you have any idea?It was in Helper, 1 was, oh gosh, about eighth grade 1 guess. It was seventh or eighth grade. I would go and help him milk, we, you know, this way, until he was able later, later on to get a milker. Well, after 1 left him, well then he had to get a milker. He couldn't do it by himself. We would go with him. We would milk like heck and then we would go back and go through what he said. And then I maintained a job at Helper Junior High in the office. And after 1 got home from him, and then when 1 got off there, I would go to Vogue Dry Goods, which was the building right next-door to the old J .C. Penny' s Store in Helper. 1 would work there. Then I would go home and go down with him to milk. Then we would go home and bottle the milk. Then we would hop the milk. 1 was hopping milk at one o'clock in the morning.Now what does hopping milk mean? We deliver it to the doors.EM:HT:EM: HT:
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECRT:HT:Jump in the truck and get the bottles and run to the porch and then drive the station wagon to the next house. We had a panel truck and we load that truck up. He would drive and he would be so tired after working all day long in the fields and everything, so l would hurry. He wouldn't let my sister go because she fiddled around andI ran. So then we hurried and got home. Every day was pretty much the same. We would get up and milk, and l would go to Helper Junior High, and keep on going. In the meantime, l took on another job, l sold subscriptions to the Helper Journal and the Sun Advocate for college and came out first place and well another girl up there did the same thing. Her parents went out while she was in school and sold the subscription for her. So we were so close, they didn't want to refuse either one of us. So they gave two first. That was to the L.D.S. Business College. So my dad says, l don't know what l am going to do, l got to have you. So I says, "Well Dad, l worked for this, l want to go take it." l went up there. l was there nine days completed all my courses. l was ready to come home .Oh! What was in it?Business, business. It was the Henager's Business College, and I finished what l had earned in nine days. She finished in nine days and they put her out on that2EM: HT:RT:
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECArmy Base out there to work.HT: At that time, they were building Kearns Army Base, Tooele Ordinance Depot. So they sent me out there to work. l was out there maybe a month. They come along and give me a few papers to type then the rest of the time they came by and say, "Act like you are busy.n l would say, "l can't, got to have something to do.n l quit them! l wanted to work, I didn't want to sit. So then l come home and is when l kind of got tangled up with him a little bit. (She pointed to Rudy) .RT: Oh, no! No, no. School board.HT: First, l went to the school board. Oh, yes, OK, I'msorry, l am getting ahead of myself. So then, in the meantime, Superintendent Reeves knew that l worked at the Helper Junior High, and he had a good report on me. He says, "Oh we are losing our Nita to the school Board, we got to have you.nEM: What was h e r name?HT: At the Carbon County School Board down in Price.EM: OK.HT: The building is gone now where the office was.RT: A big brick building.HT: Yeah, on First South.RT: Straight across from Kraync Motors.HT: By Bill's Home Furnishings, in that big bare field,3
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECthere, that is where it was. Then of course, the dorm, the old dorm was right there across from Bill's.HT: But anyway, so I came and l went to work. l wasn't working many days when here comes the guy to the office. The boss man says somebody wants you out there. S o l went out, and it was C.E. Long. He was the personnel hirer for Hill Air Force Base and all out there. He says we want you back. Superintendent Reeves says, "No, you can't have her back, she belongs to us, you can't have her."RT: She ran that whole office by herself.HT: Well, with the clerk and the superintendent, yes, yes wedid.RT: All the checks and everything, she wrote herself. Thatwas years ago.HT: Hundred dollars a month, l thought l was rich, but it wasa lot less than I was making in Salt Lake, but l wanted to be home. l wanted to be home, and l like that kind of work. So then l started---, No, that was about the time l met you, wasn't it?RT: Pretty close. Little bit more, and you will be there. HT: So here comes old C.E. Long, "We got to have you back up there , we got to have you." l says, "Nope, nope, l can't come." He offered me the moon, and l said no. See, l wasyoung, I was sixteen when l graduated.RT: I'll tell you why she couldn't go up there, she had to4
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVEChelp her folks. She went there with her own money , and bought the manure spreader for him. You know, when we got married, he wanted to pay me for the manure spreader. l told him to keep the money, it wasn't mine.Well, they needed help, and so....They did, they needed help bad.I helped, you know, all l could.HT:RT:HT:EM: Did he, your father, work in the coal mine also?HT: At one time, earlier, yes. He worked in New Peerlessbefore they closed it down. He worked in Royal, he worked in Columbia. I was in school then, I was only in the fifth grade .RT: He worked on the state road.HT: He worked a little on the state road. That is, inaddition to his farming, but he worked very hard. Infact, that is what killed him, his heart.RT: That's it exactly, when he had the dairy in 1931. In 1933, he bought the Kaprenicker (Tony) his first place, my dad did. Then he sold it, OK, then that is when he started the dairy. l remember, we owned that side of the river at one time, next to her farm, we owned that. What was that there , about five acres? So that is wher e Imeet his supposedly girlfriend. RT: Y eah.HT: So that' s howl met him. She worked at the high school , 5
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECand 1 worked at the School Board, and she give me a ride to work and back home. So that is how 1 come to meet him, through her. So then, after that, she wouldn't speak to me for years and years.RT: Oh boy!HT: Now when 1 see her, I tried to make her speak all thetime, but she wouldn't. But now she'll speak to me, and w e'll say a few words, you know . She always figured 1 stole him from her.EM: I'll be darned!RT: Well, you know how it is when somebody else breaks yourheart? EM: Yeah.-RT: And the other one don't. Whew!HT: Well, we did everything by hand. We used to drag a fivegallon bucket along, my sister and 1, he was an Irishpotato raiser, besides he farmed in the daytime.RT: Tell him where you got that word, Irish Potato.HT: What do you mean, where 1 got it?RT: When 1 was up your dad's place. We was talking about hewas going to lease dad's farm out there, and he did. Yeah, there's a few places that's got a lot of Irish potatoes, 1 didn't think that they was Irish. Ha, Ha, Ha. didn't think that they were Irish. Gosh, 1 was embarrassed.6
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECHT: So he farmed. He had all that land over there whereLowdermilk is, from the old highway clear through, all the way past up to the old hill where that little tepee is up there. He had all that, and then forty acres above the bridge. That barren land, sage brush and all that. So he had all of that. He got it for a song, and at that time, cause we had to grub sage brush when he got it. To clear it for hay and silage for the cows.RT: There was the Ku Klux Klan up there too. They had a big platform up there. I used to go up there, they would burn the light every night, the cross.HT: On that point.RT: Do you know what the Ku Klux Klan is?EM: Yes.RT: There was a lot of them then. Oh Boy! They put the crosson George A. Rowley's one time with tar .EM: Why did they do that to him?RT: To get him out of town.EM: Oh!RT: He was one of these... Oh, 1 don't know, troublemakers orsomething, against the unions and all that. Robertson was one, he used to go up there and steal the cross. Ha, Ha, Ha ! They was only cans with railroad wast e , you know, around the wheels.EM: Yes.7
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECRT:EM: RT:HT:EM:HT:They would get the waste and put it in there, and then light it in the night and burn it. If that cross was burning, then someone was in trouble.I see.It was cruel. When we was kids, we used to sneak up on them and listen to them. If they would have caught us, they would have killed us, know. They had a pretty good size gang here. Tell your story, dear, thought I would bring that in.1 don't know where 1 was, 1 don't know of anything too much more interesting. That's where 1 met him, because 1 was riding with Angie.What were your dad and mom's full names, and where did they come from?Indiana. Howard Zenith Bacon and my mother's name, Nora Alice Lambdin. My dad came from Payola, Indiana, and my mother from English, Indiana.They were big hog raisers out there.RT:HT: Well, when he went into Iowa he was. Iowa was where hewas. They migrated into Iowa and he became one of the largest, biggest hog raisers. He would ship out a carload at a time. It came to an end, one carload came down with Cholera.RT: Two, two. 1 know, 1 remember your dad telling me.... HT: 1 thought it was one came down with Cholera, and he lost8
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVEC everything he had.RT: Went bankrupt. Well, he didn't, he didn't go bankrupt, he just let the farm go.HT: That put him under, it was too much of a strain, a shock. You know, everything, he had lost everything. So then, he developed TB, they migrated into Colorado. He drove a butter truck from Durango to New Mexico for a while. And so, the doctor said, "You have got to get to a high, dry climate or you're not going to make it." With the shock of everything, his work always on the road with that truck an stuff. So that is when we migrated into Green River. Stayed at that little Ekker, is that the name of it? It was a little camp ground there by the Green River, then we came up to Bryner's Service Station and they had a bunch of cabins there. There were the three of us at that time, my eldest sister, my youngest sister, and myself. We lived in this little one room. My dad got a job up at Royal in the mine, so he went in the mine. He seemed to really rally and do well in this dry climate. He worked hard, but he kind of overcome his lung condition. He died from heart, he had worked so hard, and so strenuously that his heart had been enlarged so badly it just sort of exploded. That is what killed him.EM: What did he think about going into the mine the first time?9
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECHT: He didn't. He was a working maniac, he didn't care, justso long as he had a job. He didn't seem to mind it. No, Royal, yeah, he worked in Royal, he worked in the New Peerless mine, but it was too gassy. 1 think they shut it down. He worked in Columbia, he worked in Old Peerless, and he had to work on his stomach half the time, and their knees, it was such low coal. We walked from Peerless to Spring Canyon to school. We lived along the tramway. The houses were along the tramway, and we lived there . But, he seemed to enjoy mining, 1 thought.EM: When he worked in Columbia, way over there, did he commute?HT: No, we lived there. We rented a little house from Mezeks. Three rooms, there were four of us, my other sister came along then, Bonnie. There were a total of five girls.EM: What were their names again, in order?HT: Helena Ruth, Harriet Lucile, Alice Marie, LaVon Joyce,Judy LaRue, five girls . EM: No boys?HT: No.EM: He had that dairy and you girls had to do the work?··HT: No, my dad and me. My sister next to me, Alice, she would go. My dad would take both of us down. We lived on First West in Helper, the house is still standing there, right next to the playground. Looks like it did when we lived10
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECthere. She would go slow, she didn't want to go. She was balking all the time. Well, then you know, they (the cows) like to be milked, they don't like you to play around. They would hold their milk up on her. He wouldn't get enough milk to make his milk route, so he would say, "You got to stay home, you got to stay home." So 1 went, 1 loved to roll the milk, the foam would just foam over the bucket and sown. The faster I milked, the more milk I got. Dad says, "She can never come back, they 1ike you, they don't like her." That's true, the touch does make a lot of difference.RT: That's why, when she grabs me around the neck, it hurt my neck. Ha, ha, ha. So that is why 1 was afraid to slap her no more before we got married.HT: So, she didn't ever have to go anymore. And my older sister worked in the Helper Drug, which is now the Helper State Bank. She was older. She never did go farming or nothing like that, she was in school and then she got this job. It helped my dad out a lot with rent and stuff like that. She helped all of us a lot . Her wages weren' t big, but it sure came in handy. She was very good that way.EM: Who did she marry, and where?HT: She married Cecil Howard from Illinois, and he worked inthe mine when she met him.11
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECRT: He was the meanest guy on two feet in the mine.HT: O.K., all right, so it goes. So they were married andthey moved back to Illinois where he was from originally. She had her family, but she died in 1963, she had cancer of the pancreas. She left two girls.RT: He was a good guy though.EM: Now, your next sister, who did she marry?HT: Forest Yarber, who used to be our neighbor when we livedin Martin. A young kid, and so Dad would have him come down to the farm to help him, and so she met him down there. They got married before we did, Rudy and 1. We lived in Martin for a time and that is where she met him, he is deceased now. She lives in Coos Bay Oregon, she had two children. She never cared too much for work, she just liked to dilly dally around .RT: She still doesn't.HT: No, but that is just her disposition, that's her life.You don't change that, they have to do what they want todo.EM: Did your younger sisters marry, any local people?HT: Yes, the one younger than me, Alice, she married into afamily from Columbia, a Reynolds, Jack Reynolds .RT: Excuse me dear, it ain't Alice, it's Judy.HT: 1 mean Judy, yeah, Judy, Judy was the baby. But my sisterBonnie went to California. She married a man from down12
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECthere. She worked for the Retail Credit Clerks Union, AFL-ClO 770, and she was supervisor. She made good money and she is a smart girl. She owns the house across the street, but they still have their home in California. Shemarried this fellow, he was a twin, she had two boys.They live down there in California most of the time.EM: What was your work day like on the farm? What time didyou get up?HT: Well, we got up early. l don't know, it was early. Ican't quite remember when Dad would call me, away we would go, then I would milk, then I would go home and get cleaned up to go to Helper Junior High, and work up there. Then, l worked part-time at George Gallantis' Dry Good Store, right there next to J .C. Penny's in Helper. Then, l would go home, then we would go down and milk. In between, l would snatch enough time to sell subscriptions to the Helper Journal and the Sun Advocate, and that is what gave me first place. Dad says, "You can't go." I says, "Dad, I got the scholarship, l want to go to school." And so, finally, l got gone. I stayed in the Jensen Apartments with another lady, that was just above the college there, right above the Hotel Utah. l stayed nine days, they gave me the course, and l finished it in nine days. Here came this C.E. Long, around, and they were building Kearns and Tooele Ordinance Depot.13
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECRT: You already told him all of that.HT: So they sent me right now, away 1 went. Then 1 came homefrom there.EM: So your dad had to get a milker....HT: Finally, he was able to buy a gas milker, run bygasoline. He handled it with the gasoline. In the day time, he would water all that land over there, he raised all the hay. He did stop finally delivering the milk, didn't he?RT: Yeah, oh yeah, they came to the house after it.HT: Then, he bought that little house, there's a big house down there now. There used to be a Blue Cut Service Station down there, but it's a house now. Right downthere, in the field, down next to the river, is this home. There is a little two room home there, my dad bought that. Him, and mom, and my two younger sisters lived there. He made a rock bridge across the river, and then that was his place over there, see. So it worked out nice . That's when we were married and 1 came over here .RT: Let me tell you something about how ornery that old man was, he used to cut his hay, and he had two big horses, them beautiful Airedales, we would hook them on to a skid, me and Cecil Howard, would haul that hay in. He wanted it all in one stack; over seven hundred bails. Cecil Howard and I hauled it all in and got it so high,14
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECthe stack you know, and 1 told Cecil Howard, you know, let's use that derrick there.HT: He is my brother-in-law you know.RT: Yeah, 1 says, that will pull that hay up. 1 wouldn't haveto carry it up there, you know, that's work. He says, "You think it will work?" I says, "Sure." You know what a derrick is, don't you?EM: Yes.RT: 1 changed the chain on the other side, and then pulledthe thing over here to the wagon. Now, you got that power wagon Dodge, hook it on the rope like a horse. O.K., I says, pull it up slow now Red. I ' ll ride it up with four bales at one time up there. The old man come across there, he was obviously, ah, 1 better not say that, any way ---?--- He says, I'll be ---?--- Damned, using anything to get out of work. He run across that swing bridge behind the trees over there, we could see him, what he was doing, me and Cecil Howard. Pretty soon, we unloaded that wagon in no time at all. I would ride up with the hay, because there was only two of us, he would get in the truck, 1 would ride up with the bale. 1 would jump on that stack and move that right where 1 wanted it, 1 would trip it. Do you know what a jack support was?EM: Yes.RT: Ah, you should, you worked on a farm. I'd trip it, I'd15
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECride it back down fork former. Pretty soon, he came running back across that bridge and said, "Boy, that looks pretty good."HT: Well, he had his set way and he always thought the way he did it was the best way, and anything else was not right. RT: 1 got his tractor right up there in the barn, Allis Chalmers B., it's fifty years old more than that, fifty-eight years old .HT: He just barely got it when he had his heart attack, andhad to give everything up.RT: He rolled it over.HT: Hedid.RT: Backwards, he had a stroke and he had a wash in one fieldup there, and he was marking. He turned around to back up to the edge, and the tractor went upside down. Funny it didn't kill him. He wasn't used to that, he wasn't used to machinery. He did everything with horses. 1 bought the tractor from her mother. 1 had to straighten it all up and fixed it. 1 could get good money for it.EM: S till works?RT: Oh, yeah.HT: Little Allis .RT: It sure does. 1 had a chance to sell it here two or threeweeks ago for good money, it's an antique! HT: It's really an antique.16
 RUDY AND HARRIET TOPOLOVECEM: RT: HT:EM: RT:HT: EM: RT:Well, what do you use it for now, then?Oh, just riding around the place, my son used to use it-- It isn't this one. (We are out in the barn) This is Randie's. It is up in the barn, up in the hay barn.Is it bigger than this one?No, no, it's smaller. It's a B type B. It's got hydraulic---Do you want to see it?I'd like to see it.Well, come on then.[END OF INTERVIEW]17