 JOHN R . J . MUNRO Grand Junction, Colorado(?)An Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-180July 29, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 29, 1970Tape #1:Background in Mining Uranium and V anadium. Mr. Burwell and Uravan. Jobs in Uravan.Mining History .. Important FiguresHealth, Women .. Retirement and New Jobs.. . . 1 ¥ ¥ ¥ 3 ¥ ¥ ¥ 5 ¥ ¥ ¥ 912 ¥ ¥ . 14 . ¥ 18 . 20
 THE FOLLOWING INTERVIEW WITH J . R . J . MUNRO WAS CONDUCTED BY CLARE ENGLE ON JULY 29, 1970. [THIS IS PART OF THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]CE: Thank you very much Mr. Munro for inviting me into your home this morning. I appreciate the opportunity of talking with you and about your years with Union Carbide. Before we begin with our discussion about your years at Union Carbide and in the uraniumindustry, will you tell me when you were born and where you were born and where you were raised and educated?JM: Well, that's quite a long story. You want first my name, John R. Jack Munro; born in Elbridge, New York, November 17, 1886; [I've] lived in Colorado since 1892, mostly at Rifle and a small place called Antlers, east of Rifle.CE: Why did your parents come to Rifle?JM: My father came to the Ouray-Silverton country as ayoung man about 1882 and worked in the mines around Silverton and Animas Fork and Red Mountain, Ouray and later ran a pack train, packjacks--burros--in that area for two or three years.CE: Do you remember that time?JM: No. I was--he later went back to East and married andcame West again. After that he came into the Chicago area and worked for the Chicago Northwestern Railroad for a while and then gravitated to near old Antlers
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1Land and Contract Company at Antlers, Colorado just east of Rifle, who built the Harvey Gap Reservoir and the feeder lines that are connected with the distribution of irrigation water out of east Rifle Creek through Harvey Gap Reservoir. Later he came into Rifle and operated a general store at Rifle, the old Munro Mercantile Company. So I've lived in western Colorado for practically all of my life.You were raised in Rifle mostly?Mostly, yes.CE: JM: CE: JM:CE: JM:CE: JM:And you went to school there?Went to school at Rifle and then went to school at Denver University.What did you study at Denver University?Oh, general history and Latin and mathematics, mostly mathematics.Did you finish?No, I never graduated from Denver University. Iwanted to get back to Rifle and sell peanuts in thecountry grocery store.CE: When did you get interested in the mining industry? JM: Well, in about 1932 or 3 they had a slide in theFeeder ditch or in a--it's a primary ditch out of east Rifle Creek. It follows the old Antlers Land and Contract Company. In that slide they discovered a2
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1black sandstone deposit that eventually worked into the fact that it contained vanadium. A man named Bunker, Arthur Bunker took that up and this is the start really of the United States Vanadium Corporation, but Bunker started to build a mill totreat this sandstone rock. Right then. I don't know, Bunker I think sold his claims and also the little mill that he evolved. I think--I don't know about that, but I think that was sold to United States Vanadium Corporation. That was really the start of the activities of the United States Vanadium Corporation which was totally owned by Union Carbide. Really the initial effort of Union Carbide in this area on both the vanadium and uranium. At that time uranium wasn't wanted and nobody paid any attention to it; a lot of the uranium content of the ores that were mined at Rifle were in waste piles from these mills. Rifle doesn't produce any great amount of uranium; the ores there are almost entirely vanadium production. Very good. Uranium came on later as a much wanted item after the Curies developed the radioactivity in it. It's a remarkable thing, but I think history will bear it out the Curies obtained their first radioactive material on which was based their development from ores that came from the Uravan3
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1section of Colorado. Vanadium is, of course, an alloy. There are a good many different alloys of steel. Steel wears out in about three different ways. It wears out from abrasion or it wears out from rust and decay and it also wears out from tension or stress, fatigue in other words. The old Swedish steels that were very popular in early days [with] swordmakers, Shefield steel was steel that came probably from Sweden. Swedish steel, and they didn't know it at the time, but Swedish steel containedvanadium in small amounts which acted as an alloy to make a superlative Swedish steel. Later uranium was developed by the Curies. To start with, vanadium is a toughener for steel and uranium is a hardener. That's the difference in the alloys of the two steels. Machine tools with a vanadium content will operate at a much higher heat, heat caused by the cutting of one metal against another. And vanadium steel will operate at a much higher temperature and do a better job than anything else they know in theway of an alloy for steel.CE: What did you do? Did you work for United StatesV anadium Company?JM: I worked for the United States Vanadium Company for agood many years after I went with them. 4
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1CE:JM: CE: JM: CE: JM:Were you with United States Vanadium Company before Union Carbide purchased them?No.A fter Union Carbide purchased them?That's right.And what did you do initially for them?Well, initially I came from Rifle to Grand Junction and operated their supply warehouse here, Grand Junction. We had a lot of trucks--that was at the time we were building. The start of the mill and the little town of Uravan.That was in about 1936?That was in 1933. The first ore shipped from Uravan went out in the fall of 1935. Incidentally, it was sold to our competitor.The Vanadium Corporation of America?The Vanadium Corporation of America. I shipped that car out of Grand Junction in the fall of 1935.What was Uravan like in those days?Well, surprisingly Uravan was almost entirely a tent town. The old Standard Chemical Company over therehad operated in the Uravan area. They owned what is now the boardinghouse, the old boardinghouse hotel stood there and their mill site was occupied by apower house. They had one or two old buildings, 5CE: JM:CE: JM:CE: JM:
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1bunkhouses and one thing and another. But there was no population. The first time I saw the site of Uravan I went in there with Laird Burwell. We drove from Naturita to what's known as the Devil's Elbow and the road was very bad and we couldn't get around the Devil's Elbow so we walked into Uravan and ate our lunch on the porch of the old hotel down there and not a soul in sight. Nobody in the town.You couldn't get around Devil's Elbow because the road was too narrow?Too narrow and too abrupt a turn caused by washouts. What was Laird Burwell like in those days?Laird Burwell was the general manager of the operation at Rifle.He's a very prominent man in the uranium industry.CE:JM: CE: JM:CE: JM: CE:JM:Oh, yes. He was Mr. Uranium, Mr. Vanadium also.What do you recall about Mr. Burwell that would be of interest to _a scholar studying the industry?Well, he was a graduate at Colorado School of Mines. He was a very likeable, agreeable person. He delighted in building facilities for the treatment of ore, and he was very good at it. He had activities inWinnemucca, Nevada; Bishop, California: Redlodge, Montana; Durango, Colorado, and several others. He was a builder, and he attracted a lot of good6
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1employees. In Uravan at i ts star t t here were no unions over there. Everybody had a job and worked atit; they had to make their own entertainment, i f t heyhad any entertainment.CE: Were there many people there?JM: Oh, gradually when they hired more and more peopleand got more and more facilities for their living. They started a commissary; the commissary was very efficiently operated by the company. The company owned the commissary and Jerry Foster was the manager at the commissary. His son Edison Foster was one of the employees at the commissary. They operated a boardinghouse and quite a lot of people eventually gravitated to Uravan as help was needed to go along with the development of the whole situation over there. There was no labor troubles, nobody looking down anybody else's neck or it was all very agreeable work. Oh, I didn't have any part of actually building Uravan, construction of Uravan itself, except the materials that went in there and to get them transported from Grand Junction to Uravan. That was my job here at the Grand Junction warehouse. We had a lot of truck drivers; good, bad, and indifferent. A lot of good trucks, white trucks. The company bought several carloads at one time or another and large7
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1 white trucks.CE: You must have improved the road a little if the trucks would go over that area that you and Mr. Burwell couldn't cover by a car. Or with a car.JM: Well, we improved the roads. The company built a lot of the roads over around Uravan. It's a remarkable thing, the Chamber of Commerce at Grand Junction was not of very much help to the United States Vanadium Corporation when they started--the Chamber at Montrose was quite active and quite helpful. But Grand Junction Chamber of Commerce was rather negative. They didn't operate too much although they did give Montrose County a steel bridge that crossed the Dolores River up there. It was an old bridge thatwas replaced by a new one. But a lot of that road was built, particularly the road between Gateway and Uravan, by Union Carbide Company. To start with, Uravan, to get into the Uravan area or to get to Uravan you had to go through Montrose over Dallas Divide and up through Norwood and down to Uravan.CE: What in particular did Mr. Burwell do in Uravan?JM: Well, Mr. Burwell was the general manager. He was thehead of the whole operation, the whole organization. CE: Their offices were here in Grand Junction, weren¥tthey?8
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1JM: Well, no. Offices were established in Uravan early inthe deal and they--all of the payrolls and all of the office activity was carried on at Uravan. A man named Richard Morris, Dick Morris was head of the Uravan office and under him were several people, local people. One of them was a man named Monahan who came from Montrose; his father was a lawyer in Montrose; he lived at Uravan quite a long while. Oh, there were repair workmen for trucks and---?--- machinery and all that stuff was done right at Uravan. They had a good machine shop and a lot of the--I can give you the names of a lot of the different people that were employed at Uravan, and without exception I think they were all well-qualified for the jobs that they were doing.CE: What were some of the jobs performed at Uravan during those days?JM: Well, there was the machine shop which was under the supervision of Stanley Jones. The operation of the trucks and the assignments of the different work that the trucks were doing was under the supervision ofTony Scolla and Tony's brother, Joe, was one of thetruck drivers that regularly madeUravan and Grand Junction. Theinstallation of both water facilities over there9trips between plumbing and
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1where necessary was under the supervision of Ed Gordier and he was an expert plumber, pipe-fitter, steam water fitter. The commissary was operated by Jerry Foster and he had a lot of good help, but it was entirely a company town. No one in the town owned the house that he lived in. They had a guest house that was used to accommodate some of the visitors and some of the salesmen and people who had occasion to visit Uravan and they were accorded the use of the guest house and sleeping facilities without charge. No charge, they were guests of the company. I spent a good number of nights in the guest house over there in and out of Uravan.CE: What did you do when you went to Uravan?JM: Well, there was no particular reason that I should go to Uravan for any work, any activity in the construction of the mill or the housing or any ofthat thing, but I would go over there a goodtimes with Mr. Burwell and you had to have finger on what the plans were and what were apt to be some of the transportation problems betweenGrand Junction and Uravan, and be ready to get the material as it came into Grand Junction to get it over there with some quickness and accuracy. You can't do a cement job unless you have both the cement and the10many your
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1reinforcement. That stymies the outfit, and that was the reason I was in and out of Uravan: to find out what was projected and be able to have it there when i t was needed.Where was you office then? Grand Junction?In the warehouse in Grand Junction.CE:JM:CE: What else did you do for the company, Mr. Munro?JM: Oh, later after I did tax work I turned in taxassessments and things of that kind and we--during the war we had a contract up at Redlodge, Montana, for the production of manganese, and we built a mill at Redlodge, Montana. Immediately [after] the war was over that mill was discontinued; [it] was the high price of production. I was in Redlodge and dismantled that mill and shipped a lot of the machinery to Niagara Falls, New York; some of it to Bishop, California; some of it to Grand Junction; some of it to Winnemucca, Nevada. We leveled the mill site and sold it to a cow outfit up at Redlodge. Things of that kind; I did a lot of different things for Union Carbide. That's your information on my having gone towork for them as a carpenter is absolutely wrong. CE: I did read that.JM: I couldn't saw boards straight yet on a bet.CE: Do you recall any interesting incidents in the mine?11
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1JM: Oh, lots of them. They had the most wonderful set ofpractical jokers in Uravan that I've ever known anywhere. They had a stuffed mountain lion hide that was ratty and full of fleas I guess, but it had two glass eyes and they had a lot of fun with that one way or another. There in one of the entryways over one of the mines there was a pretty high roof and a ledge up under the roof a little and they took this old stuffed lion up there and put it on the ledge and then got John V anfleet--John V anfleet was one of the New York people who was born in the west and a verygood mining engineer, and they got him to go in this entryway to look at some of the ore at the heading and he had a flashlight and he flashed it onto this stuffed lion's eyes and they shone. He came out of there [with] both hands in the air. "Mountain lion in the entryway!" They took the same mountain lion down in a little pasture across the river from the office, and the office manager Dick Morris had a pet saddle horse down there. Somebody came in and told Dick that there was a mountain lion out in the willows along the river bothering this saddle horse. He got his thirty-thirty and hiked over there and I think putnine bullets in the stuffed lion before-- CE: That didn't last very much longer did it?12
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1JM: Oh, they patched it up. It's still over in Uravansomewhere. I think it's down in the basement of thecommissary. It's one of the relics.CE: Were you familiar with the type of mining that wasdone during those days?JM: Yes. I was very familiar with it because I was in andout of the mines as I was as over here.CE: Would you 1ike to relate what you remember aboutthat?JM: Oh, no. There were no particular incidents that wereoutstanding in my--I wasn't a miner. I didn't have anything to do with the mining operation. Joe Weston, Luther Watt and Walter Watt, and Paul Linstrom (Mrs. Linstrom's husband) were miners over there and they operated a dozen or more different areas in that location, area.CE: The company was mining uranium at Uravan.JM: Oh, they've never mined anything but uranium and vanadium there. That's the only two, that's the onlytwo metals that occur over in that area. ---?--- Imad a little list about---?--- and---?--- but-- CE: Are those journals?JM: No, those are just books.CE: Books. May I look at this?JM: Certainly. Go ahead. Those are books-- 13
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1CE: Beautifully bound.JM: Books that my son and grandsons, granddaughters havesent at one time or another.CE: Looks as though you've read them.JM: Oh, I've read them.CE: They're marked, aren't they?JM: Oh, some notes along the borders of them.CE: You say you have a list of some of the individualswho worked for the company.JM: Oh, yes. Yes, after you phoned I thought I'd try torecall some of the people who had more of a part in it; that did really to make Uravan what it is today and what it has been.CE: Well, that was very thoughtful of you.JM: First is this Arthur Bunker who really called theattention of the United States Vanadium Corporation to the deposit of vanadium ore in East Rifle Creek. A nd L a i r d B u r w e l l who w a s t h e f i r s t m i n e superintendent and general manager of the concern. Benny Basino was a carpenter at Uravan who now lives at Rifle. Chet Berry, Chester Berry was a truckdriver on the daily truck, a light truck with much wanted items and the mail each day, seven days a week into Uravan. Berry was one of the truck drivers on that daily route. Mike Brenen was a mail operator at14
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1Uravan for many years and later was mail superintendent at Durango. Tom Brock was a construction man at Uravan for many years. He wasCE: JM: CE:JM:CE:JM:CE:JM:also a mill operator; a very good man. Mrs. Clark ran the boardinghouse for several years. And also a lady named May Williams who was the first operator of the boardinghouse.Is Mrs. Clark Henry Clark's wife?No.I have a Henry Clark who it was suggested I talk with and I just wondered if they were related in any way.I don't know him. Maybe [he's] a later man to Uravan. John Carrey was a mechanic and a good mill man and worked at Uravan for quite a while and then was at Durango under Tom Brock.Do you remember anything about the mill operations during those days?Oh, I didn't have anything to do with mill operations except to get supplies to them.I thought that perhaps you walked through a few timesand remembered what--Oh, I've been in and out of them hundreds of times. Not only in Uravan, but at Bishop, California, and Winnemucca. Oh, at Winnemucca we didn't have a mill.We had that milled by another mill outfit out there. 15
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1But Durango, Rifle--Wallace Kaan, who now has a construction outfit here in Grand Junction, was one of the employees on construction overture then. We did a lot of road construction over there.Did they build the houses initially or did people have to live in tents to begin with? Is it--Oh, they all lived in tents to begin with, and as the houses were completed--and the design was all the same. It was a square house; four rooms; no closets; no storage facilities. But it was a roof and four side walls~ Had a floor.No cupboards?No cupboards. Later they built some better houses, but the first houses were pretty primitive houses asCE:JM:CE: JM:CE: JM: CE:JM:CE: JM:houses go nowadays.Who lived in those?Employees.But the supervisorial employees, or did they allow miners to live in those?No. They built houses adequate to house all the people that were employed in Uravan, eventually. Including the miners.Oh, yes. The miners, a lot of them lived in town and drove out to the mines. But they had set up at someof the mines that housed people too. And [they] had a 16
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1salt works down below Uravan down on the river and a man named Harry Gardner operated the salt works. Salt was one of the very necessary things; it was a salt roast. We shipped in about a carload of salt a week into Grand Junction here for a long time, and then they developed salt production out of salt water down below Uravan and that was not too satisfactory. They finally went back to buying salt out of Salt Lake. Shipping it in here, and a lot of the material that they had to have over there had to be shippedin. Of course that involved a lot of trucking and truck drivers. Oh, it was a man named Pete Hess, he was an understudy for Tom Brock and he was became a quite adept big machinery operator. He lives up somewhere near Norwood now, I believe. Naturita, I guess. They had some other managers after Burwell moved back to New York City, and was back here a good deal of the time. W.G. Haldam, Bill Haldam was superintendent to Uravan for a long while. Jack Robinson was another superintendent that had rather a short life at Uravan. We had another fellow [by the] name of Slim Renner that was imported from New York and Slim didn't last very long. He's about the only man I ever had a run-in with. I called him somepretty bad names over the telephone and expected to 17
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1get fired and instead of that Burwell went over and fired Renner. That was quite a setup over there. Oh, they had a doctor and had a hospital over there and still have. Dr. Mary Moore, a lady who is now practicing medicine here in Grand Junction, was the company doctor there for a long time. Fulltime company job.CE: I talked with her on Sunday. She said she was there during 1943, for one year.JM: Well, they had another doctor before Dr. Mary. Another doctor named Feldman. He made three trips a week into Uravan; that wasn't such a satisfactory arrangement I think.CE: What would you do if there were a mine accident? Was there a doctor in Naturita or Nucla?JM: Well, it's quite a remarkable thing there, they had very few if any serious accidents in the mines in Uravan. I don't remember a single fatality in the mines. Sometimes they'd have cases that they'd take down to the hospital and the nurse would maybe dress the hurt or something of that kind. But--they had onetime a mumps and measles epidemic over there, they had whooping cough and all the rest of the diseases that hit the human race, but no very serious accidents in the mines. A man named Hugh Leach was18
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1killed in the power house. They bought a big new engine to run the dynamos in the power house and this engine ran away and threw a flywheel--killed Hugh Leach.CE: As far as you can recall then, there was no housing at Uravan when you got there in the thirties? People were living in tents but the mill was there. Standard Chemical Company's m ill.JM: The old boardinghouse was there and the remains of the old mill; it had steps going into the mill right down along by the river. ---?--- along the river. I killed a rattlesnake down there just going down those steps. Here he was, and that was before we started much construction near there and they had several old bunk houses over there that were highly infested with bedbugs and they burned all them and built new bunkhouses.CE: Were there many women there those days? Did theminers bring their wives?JM: Oh, yes. There were a good many women. Now I supposethe population is the same ratio as is anywhere else. To start with mostly they were men who were over there working at a job and their families 1ived in Montrose or Naturita or Nucla or perhaps Grand Junction, and later as housing became available they19
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1were operating. They operated a good many different mine camps up there. There's--oh, there was Monogram, and Dolores and Joe Dandy, Mesa Creek and Outlaw, Tenderfoot, Sylvia's Pocket, Disappointment, Monument, Calamity, Dry Valley Ore Storage, Moab Ore Storage, Dove Creek Receiving Station, they had locations with people in all those places. It used to be a problem sometimes to get enough ore to keep the mill running. Other times we had a surplus and stored it in ore piles and different places and brought it in as it was needed.CE: When did you retire, Mr. Munro?JM: 19--I retired the same time Burwell did. I figuredthat when Burwell left it was time for me to go too. CE: Mr. Burwell went with or started another company.JM: Yeah, he started Minerals Engineering. I worked forMinerals Engineering for two or three years. A man named Sunn, B. G. Sunn, who lives here in town and I started an S & M Supply Company after I quit Union Carbide. As long as I was with Union Carbide I couldn't be interested in any concern that was supplying Union Carbide because I was doing thepurchasing for Union Carbide. That's not kosher.CE: Then you would have had a variety of jobs with thatcompany.20
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1JM:CE:JM: CE: JM:CE:JM:Oh, yes. I did a little of pert near everything there was to do.How many people were there in during the initialstages of the company on the plateau?How many people? Oh, I couldn't--Were there many?No. Not to start with there were very few--very few at Uravan and there was quite an operation at Rifle before Uravan was ever started. I didn't work for them at Rifle.Is there anything else that you would like to contribute? Anything about your days with Union Carbide that you'd like to talk about?No. It was a very happy time of my life. I enjoyed the work. We didn't keep track or our time, we worked until we got the job done. [We put] in many sixteen, eighteen, twenty hour days and not very manyvacations.Well, I certainly do thank you for your time.I don't recall any particular incidents that I had anything to do with. Really I had a rather minor part in all of the operations, but I was pretty well known among all of the different plants. I never tried to throw any authority around because really I don'tthink I had any authority, but I spent an awful lot 21CE: JM:
 J.R.J. MUNRO #1of their money. As a matter of fact, the Sterns Roger Company of Denver did a lot of the construction work out in the different mills that were built by Union Carbide. Among others of Stern Roger's personnel was a man named Charlie Beach whom I had quite a lot of business with one time or another. Naturally, I liked Charlie and after I quit Union Carbide I went to work for Sterns Roger over in Denver for two or three months and did the purchasing for an enlargement of the Fleimax plant up at Fleimax, Colorado. We did the purchasing for Denver. Our family still stayed here in Grand Junction. I didn't like Denver and I didn't 1ike the job too wel1; they wanted me to move to Leadville and I wouldn't do it. So I quit Stern Roger and came back and went to work for Union Carbide again. Irving Matthews was one of the wheels in Sterns Rogers at the time. A fellow named Jim Redding drew a lot of the plans for the mills at Rifle andUravan. I think he did some for Bishop, California. He always liked flat roofed buildings and every one of them that they ever built leaked.CE: Well, thank you very much, Mr. Munro. I appreciate your having taken time to talk with me.JM: Well, you're entirely welcome. [END OF INTER VIEW]22