 JON HANSEN Blanding, Utah Tape No. 21An interview by Kathy Biel August 11, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 
 Table of ContentsBackground of A.B.E ¥ ¥ ¥ 1 Non-verbal Communication 4 Attitudes and Values of Navajos¥¥ 7 School 10 Native American Church 14 Missionary Experiences 17 Problems ¥ 21 Vocational Training. 25 Student Advisory Council. 29
 
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. JON HANSEN DIRECTOR OF THE ADULT BASIC EDUCATION FOR THE NAVAJO INDIANS OF SAN JUAN COUNTY, UTAH. THE IN- TERVIEW TOOK PLACE AT THE A.B.E. OFFICES IN BLANDING, UTAH, ON AUGUST 11TH, 1970, AT TWO IN THE AFTERNOON. THE INTERVIEWER IS KATHY BIEL.JH: I'm interested in what you're doing, too.KB: Okay, Mr. Hansen, would you just explain a little bit about theprogram here and its background and how it came into being.JH: The A.B.E. was started out of the welfare department about threeor four years ago.KB: What does A.B.E. stand for?JH: That's Adult Basic Education. At that time it consisted of somelessons in reading, writing, and arithmetic, and also rug weaving, or silver smithing, or whatever else we could get the people in- terested in so they would come in and take some lessons.KB_: Is that the Navajo adults?JH: Yes. This was done under the Tribal find funds from the govern-ment. When the privately funded programs went out, the WIN pro- gram and the Department of Labor came in. When that happened, they started funding the Adult Basic Education Program, and it became separate from WIN. That's a word from the welfare depart-ment. That's why we gave our offices up here while the rest of our department's down below. So we have about two hundred adult students, most of which are men, but we have extended plans for
 HANSENP AGE 2the women. I've got some pictures I'll show you. There's about seven hundred families on county clothing--Navajo families. Prob- ably about fifty percent of the Navajo population in the county have never been to school at all, let along having been there long enough to learn anything. We had quite an adult education problem to handle here.KB.: Now do you work at all with Mr. Lee of the Indian Education and Rehabilitation program?JH.: Yes, we work quite closely with him. Our programs don't overlap. For example, the classes I'm teaching up at the high school, I teach for him under his program. He usually leaves most of the adult teaching to us. He handles the enrichment programs for high school age kids--things like this. That's his major job. One of the things we're trying to do--1 was going to show you a picture or two of it, but I can't find it--is to start a whole instruction aid program. This is where we would hire a woman togo to a camp¥. You know, in any tribe there are three or four wnmen who can't get out. Usually, they have to tend children or tend sheep or something like that. We're designing a basic set of lessons that we can leave with them. We have battery operated tape recorders. And we would record the instructions for that lesson and leave it with them for a week.
 HANSEN P A GE 3KB: What type of lesson is this?JH: I can show you.KB.: A language?JH: Let me show you. In our instruction program, we would probablyhave reading, writing, arithmetic, oral English, and what wecall acculturational psychology. Acculturational psychologyis a way that--b.efore you give the answer, you have to give the problem. Navajo people, when they leave the reservation and goto work suffer terrible. They may have a good vocational skill. They may even b.e well educated, but they don't function well amongAnglos. That's the key, you see, because we've been trying to help them for a hundred years, and about the only change that's come about in them is what they have done for themselves. We haven't been able to help them. So I sat down and did quite abit of extensive research into what's going on in an intercultural situation, specifically between Anglo-Americans and Navajos. We found out that culture in its most basic sense is little morethan coTIIlilunication. You find ways of communicating it. Well, ninety-nine percent of the ways that a culture communicates is non-verbal. In other words, the spoken language is only a partof it. We found that it is these non-verbal things that make peopleuncomfortable, and they can never quite figure out what's going
 HANSEN PAGE 4on. They don't know what the ground rules are. They know that their b.oss expects something of them because he's angry withthem, but they don't know what it is he expects. They don't know quite how to please. And in addition to not only not knowingwhat's going on in the mind of the Anglo, people they're ánot really aware of what they've learned, or what the unconscious habits are that they have. And so when a Navajo man goes tob.e interviewed for a job., he's been taught since he was a child that when he goes into a new situation, he should be careful not to speak up too quickly. He has learned to sit quietly and watchwhat's going on before he begins to take part. Otherwise he could make a serious mistake and get himself into lots of trouble. And so when he goes in and sits down for the interview, he betrays allthese behaviors. You know, he sits quietly sometimes he puts his head down, doesn't talk too much, and he watches everything that's going on. Well, in his culture, he's communicating care--being. careful. In our culture, if he uses those same behaviour stepsit communicate to us an unwillingness to talk, that he's not out- going, he's not extroverted, he's not on the ball. What kind of worker is he going to be? Well, that was not the impression hewanted to leave, and it's not the impression he wanted his bossto get, hut that was what was connnunicated. So that's an example
 HANSEN P AGE 5of how a culture connnunicates non-verbally. What we're going to do in A.R.E. with this acculturational psychology is to show the Indian people these things, parallel their learning with our.s so they can see areas of conflict. We're going to teach them whatthe Anglo boss expects and why. We're going to teach them some- thing of the Anglo philosophy, where it comes from, and how it's different from the Navajo people. The reason the language is so hard is because of the difference in thought patterns. Our ways of looking at the world are so diametrically opposed. There are only two or three other cultures in the world that are harder for an Anglo to learn than the Navajo culture. That means that forthe Navajo there are only two or three cultures in the world that would b.e harder to learn than the Anglo culture. So you can see that we've got a problem. And this is probably the reason why we haven't been able to help the Indian people as much as we've want- ed to. We, ourselves, don't even understand some of the problems that we have had. We're trying to make these explicit. We're trying to study them, and we're trying to deal with them ou inthe open and compare them. This is what I did with the VISTA people yesterday. As an experiment involving verbal communication, I took a couple of chairs, and set up two or three different sit- uations. One, where you're the boss. Imagine you have a desk.
 HANSEN PAGE 6You have to hring a man in to chew him out. Where do you want his chair to he? And they would arrange the space and all would agree that this is the proper place to put it. Or we would have a stand- ard business conversation. We had a boy and a girl. And they stood in just a normal, polite conversational distance, and I said, "Okay, now at what distance would you stand if you wanted to tell that person something you didn't want anybody else to overhear--con- fidential, you know?" And they suggested the distance betweenthem again. But then it was easy to point out for them that if they did those things with Navajo people, they would be misconnnun- icating. The conversational distance between Navajos is a litlebit further apart than it is with us. And if you stand at your normal conversational distance with a Navajo person, they think you're kooky, you're being too close.KR: Oh, I wish I had known all this before I had gone out interviewing. JH: This is the thing. You connnunicate so much. If you stop for aminute, you can size somebody up almost the minute you see them. And they haven't even said a word yet. It's that non-verbal com-munications, you see. And people in our culture who we consider pushy, are very often people who haven't learned normal conver- sational differences. I work with a man every day who stands six inches too close to me when he talks. And that's all I think about,
 HANSENP AGE 7that he was standing too close. I never hear what he says. I never feel comfortabie until I back off and get away from him. So these are things we are going to be studying. In addition to this acculturational psychology, we're teaching people how to find in their own value system the motivation they needto succeed in modern day life. So many people say, "Well, if the Indians had some values, they'd have sense enough to work eight hours a day and take advantage of this culture that we have and take advantage of our standard of living.11 For some reason the Navajo people would rather stay on the reservation on the verge of starvation than try to master our system and get a wage from if, you know. I can't quite say what I mean, but I think thatyou understand.KB: I don't understand.JH: Well, within their own value system we try to show them goodreasons why they should compete, some good reasons why they should make the attempt. Instead of having an Indian person with a personality problem, because he has neither the Anglovalues nor the Navajo values, he's kind of in between without values, and therefore he can't motivate himself. Instead of this, we help a person to find a strong reason within his own culture. This is what should be done. At the same time, if he
 HANSEN PAGE 8internalizes any Anglo values., that makes it just twice as strong. I can give you an example of how this works, more among the Plains Indians than among the Navajos. But excuse me a second.KB.: Uh h u h .JH: Among the Plains Indians tribes, for example, this is where thiswas first worked out, and we're just in the process of examining the major premises of this acculturational psychology to see how it applies to Navajo culture. It's obvious, to me at least, that that Sioux people have a different value system than the Navajopeople do, so it's going to have to be adapted to them. Where they used this among the Sioux, they said that in the old days, when the Sioux were freed to do as they wished and there were a lot of buff- alo, people valued a man who was brave and who could go out and hunt, and could bring home lots of meat. And the best meat-hunt- ers in the camp were the most respected people. Usually, theywere also the best fighters. They could defend the hunting groundand so on. This was a value then--bravery. And then you redefine áb.ravery. What is b.ravery? Well, one definition, you say, is thecourage to do the hard things and not leave them, but to do the hard things and to face up to whatever things there are, and meet them like a man ought to, and not back down. So you could say then that among the Sioux people, one of their values is bravery.
 HANSEN PAGE 9And this is probabiy very true. They've taught each other around the camp for generations. 'So this would strike home and be fam- iliar to a Sioux person. Then you go on to reason from there, and say, okay, now the buffalo are gone, and yet a man still has to provide for his family. The way his family is judged in the comm- unity will depend on how well he provides for them. If he lets them run around in rags, that's the way they're going to be treat- ed, like dirt. And this of course hurts and injured his pride and they've got a lot. And so you say, well, what is the great thing that involves courage? What is the thing to do? The bravest thing to do is to go to that job whether you want to or not. You don't ask yourself whether you want to go to work, you get up and gob£cause that's the thing you do. Your people are courageous, they're brave, and they have pride in their families. And so you get that job whether you want to or notj whether you feel like it or not, you go to work. And then you bring home your paycheck andyou take care of your family, and you do it with pride and self- confidence. So inother words, when the alarm goes off at six-thirty in the morning, the guys has a reason to get out of bed and go towork. He's got pride. And he takes pride and courage in his people. KB.: And this is what you're trying to instill in them--their own values? JH: Yes.
 HANSEN PAGE 10KB: For a reason to--JH; Sure, for a reason to work, for a reason to take care of themselvesin a modern day world. Now if in addition to this pride and courage they've b.een taught in childhood, they internalize any Anglo values that they come to, it only makes them all the more determined to go to work, all the more determined to do what's right. And they used it among the Sioux Indian children, among Indian children in general, there's what they call the cross-over phenomenon, and it takes placeab.out the age of puberty. Just eleven, twelve, thirteen, about the time they start junior high school. Indian students who speak En- glish when they start school are about on a par with Anglo students. Their progress will be just as steady and exactly the same as Anglostudents until this age comes. Then all of a sudden, they start making steady progress b.ackwards, and by the time they're in thetenth or eleventh grade, they're retarded educationally. It's tre- mendous.KB.: Now why is this phenomenon? Have you come te--?JH: There's another reason why that happens. And We have found out why.It's an identification problem that they have. When they've given them psychological tests, they've found that even the ones that have struggled through and stayed in school and graduated~have suffered a lot more mental damage than a control group of Anglos have. In other
 HANSEN P AGE 1 1words, they've paid a tremendous emotional price to stay in school. We find steeped within the Navajo people that most of the kids do not speak English when they start school. So they get two years behind right off the bat. And so when this stage comes, the cross- over phenomenen, it's even worse for them than it is for most other kids. On a nationwide average six out of ten drop out. And on the Navajo reservation we get a little more than that that drop out.KB.: Now does this have to do with the self-image?JH: Yes . And the thing that has happened to them--1 guess all of usgo through a certain amount of trauma at that age. It's a rough age. But when you go out on a baseball diamond, like some of the kids do here, or the football field, they'd come and say, "Okay you savages, you go find someplace else to play. We1 re going to use this basket.'' And they catch it, you know, from the Anglos. And then they go back home, and Grandma says, "I don't know what's the matter with this generation. They're going to the dogs. They're marrying their cous- ins. They're drinking, they're fighting, they're carousing, they'renot doing things right. What's the matter with you people? You'rejust no good, that's all. You're no good."KB.: So they can't find acceptance in either world?JH.: No, it just tears them apart. I've talked about these things withmy staff members, some who have finished school. And whereas this
 HANSEN P AGE 1 2thing may be of intellectual interest to me, it really goes home to them. They know. They can give you examples that would just rend your heart strings--the things they've suffered. In fact, I know some educated Indian people these days who have the philosophy that if you want your education, you have to give up your people entirely for a period of about ten years. I's better to go away.KB: You think this is true?JH: They say it's better. It's easier on you to go away and not go homeuntil you've finished your educaion.KB.: So what about when you do go home? I've heard so many myths or talesabout the educated at all. They use the term, "back to the blanket."Does this phenomenon really happen?JH: It does occur in some cases. It's not quite as bad any more as itused to be when the boarding school was in full swing, but then they were usually quite punitive with Navajo people. They wouldn't let them speak their own language, they were quite harsh with them, and so when they got a chance to go home, they hated Anglos so bad, they wouldn't speak English even though they knew how. Well, this has dissipated a little bit, and there are probably two or three reasons for the adjustment. One of the best ones is that educated Indianpeople are in much demand in business. The man who had this jobI have last year works down at---?--- College. He's making about
 HANSEN P AGE 1 3$13,000 a year. And this was quite a demand for a person with an education. They're taking more pride in it now. Another thingis that more and more they're coming back on the reservation and finding individual ways to accommodate themselves to this dichotomy of values. I mean they've learned Anglo values and how to get alongwith Anglos, and how to work with Anglos. They come back and they make a conscious deliberate study of their own language, of theirown people. They go to all the cermonies they can, they pick up all them Fords they can get from others. And therefore they sort of begin to train themselves again in the own culture. And then when they do that, they seem to be able to remain fairly stable.KB_: Well, how could they get this ten years of education completely away from their people, unless they did it in a school atmosphere or a foster home?JH: That's true. That's what most of them do. That's about the only two alternative they have. The foster home is much preferable to the boarding school. I know people who, say, for four years ofcollege have gone down to Phoenix and just lived as best as they could. They come under a lot of discrimination, and they get their feelings hurt realbadly. And that's when the family takes up their cause and helps them. They suffer a lot of damage.This is why so many of the highly educated Indian people are
 HANSEN P AGE 1 4so terrifically unstable. They function all right on the job, but on weekends or after hours, almost all of them have a drink- ing problem for example. They can take the pressure and the frustration for just so long, and then they just fall apart. Well, this is a result of things they have gone through.KB.: Well, what about this Church of the Early America, or the Peyote Cult?JH: The Native American Church?KB.: Uh huh. I've heard some very good things about it, and some notso good. Do you think this is a transition period for them? JH: It seems to be. You know, we talked about values, and how youhave to stablizie yourself by believing in something. The tenets of the Native American Indian Church fit into the situation ofa lot of the Indian people who have been weaned away from their traditional culture, who never got enough education to be ableto function in our society for six to ten years. That really appeals to them because of the compounding of ancient Indian religions and modern religions. And to this extent it givesthem something to believe in, it teaches them not to drink, and gives them an excuse not to. I think it's very good from that point. And for those particular types of people, it seems to be
 HANSEN PAGE 15the only thing that keep$ them from falling apart entirely. So--as a matter of fact, some of my best friends on th.e res- ervation are members of the Native American Church. I have known and have straightened out pretty well. I've alwayshad the question of just how much physical effect comes from peyote. That's the question mark in my mind. Whether they're doing themselves some long term damage or not. If they aren't, I'd say the rest of it's all pretty good. It's hard to tell.KB: Uh, aren't Navajos--haven't they had a history of being very pragmatic and eclectic in the things they chose to keep from other cultures?JH: Yes. That's one thing about working with Navajo cultures. They're very dynamic, and as you say, they're very pragmatic, and they're willing to try anything once if it works, you know. So anyway, the A.B.E's role, as you can see, if we just limit it to reading, writing, and arithmetic, we'donly be solving half the peoples' problems. If we taught them to speak English, we still wouldn't have solved all their problems. So the quicker we're trying to make up-- and that's exactly what we're doing, is making it up fromscratch. There's just nobody I can go to to get information from, see. We're doing most of the work right here ourselves.
 HANSENPAGE 16I've written a rationale or philos:ophy that encompasses most of the things I've talked with you about. Where they had been treating other places. separately, I ~ám trying to bring themall together, and bring them to bear on the problems inNavajo education.KB: Would it be possible to get a copy of álhis?JH: Okay, fine. I think one thing it does--1 wrote it up quicklyand I didn't have much time to spend on it, but at does define the role of education and it talks a little bit about accul- turational psychology, and it talks about culture, and givessome references. But most of what we have now is this rationale, or this philosophy. All of the material that we're writing,like . these units here, are based on its philosophy. All of the material that we're writing, like these units here, are based on its philosophy that so they do something. This follows the same format of mathematical concepts in the same order that is taught here in the grade schools. But in the grade school level, we have pink lemonade, and pur-ple elephants, and all this sort of thing, and Navajo adults are insulted by it. So we've redone it where teaching is directly a math contest. We draw pictures that are more culturally oriented, and some things that they themselves
 HANSEN P AGE 1 7will recognize. And they learn exactly what we want them to learn, but they won't have that feeling that they're being talked down to and treated as children. This is what we in- tend to do in almost all the units. At least in this we have more English programs. This program right here I'll showyou in a minute is the reading and writing in their own language. But in oral English we're using the theory they're using at B.Y.U. This---?--- manual was written by Gary Roose upon coming back from the Peace Corps. It's a basic Navajo course. It!s a manual written on the---?--- drill.Many small easily unsable phrases. You---?--- and change them just a little bit. I use this for my Anglo classes that I'm teaching Navajo to. But I'm rewriting it and changing it for teaching English to Navajos. And it teaches oral English, not--KB: How did you come to learn Navajo?JH: Well, I started off as a missionary in 1957, and I spend twoand a half years down at Chinle. The---?--- mission ---?--- said, "Anyone here want to learn a language?" AndI raised my hand, and boy, they really let me have it. They just took me out to where there was a big population of people that were very traditional, and there was just about
 HANSEN PAGE 18no English speakers., so, 1 had to learn fast, and 1 really enjoyed it. I got --..-?..--.,... and I talked to most of th.e people and I saw problems that needed solutions outside of religion, not related to aálot of help---?--- So I came back to help as soon as I finished my education. And I'm not alone. It's very---?---, I got three, four missionary companions from the mis.sion field at the same time I was here, and at least five or six others who had been at themission at various times. So there was a whole bunch of us that came back. We just--! just figured that it's a life time work. And I'm very content and happy to work.KB: That says something about the people though. It seems that when I talk to people about the Navajo, so many of them arejust really infatuated by them. Just--JH: They grow on you.KB: Yes, that's exactly what they say.JH: Another thing, when I was in the mission field, so many ofthe missionaries would say, "Oh gosh, we can't do anything with this older generation. You know, we just got to let them go and work with the kids." And I said to myself, "No, we don't. They have some rights too, and they maybe need help." This is why I've tended to work with this older
 HANSEN P AGE 1 9generation. And it'ás a hard role to hold, but it1s also very satisfying, too. Now, if I can implement some of the things that I've described to you today, 1~11 really be helping these older people.KB: And, of course, if you can help them, it will make it easier on their children.JH: That's right. Precisely. But I'd hate to think of this whole generation passing away before anything could be done. I'm concentrating specifically on the adults. That's the reason why I learned the language. A lot of the younger kids will speak English and you can communicate with them, but if you want to speak to them in their own language. So that's whyI learned it. But essentially those are the things we're doing in A.B.E. We're trying to write not just units for reading, writing, and arithmetic, but for teaching them accultural adjustment and all these things, too.KB: Are you making an effort to encourage them to save some of their culture, or--?JH: Yes, through this acculturational psychology where they base their motivation on their own values, we're teaching them what their culture is like. As a matter of fact, I have some books here that were written in 1900 and earlier
 HANSEN PAGE 20that really descrihe the old time Navajo way of life. And these people have lost that o.ecause they- can't read. They can't even read their own .language. We're trying to preserve those things in what we teach in the classes, and teach the people how life us:ed to be with the Navajo people. And teach them ways of pre- serving whatever of their culture they want, and how to chose what's good and what's. useful, and so on and so forth. We don't really feel we have to write about the culture at all. In most of the work situationsá, we've been able to organize them around Navajo beliefs and philosophy so that the men can work in a s.ituation felling quite comfortable with the values and the judgment that was placed upon them. We're using this program that we call "each one-áteach one" to teach the Navajo how to read and write their own language. This may take about sixweeks, where it may take who knows how many years to teach Englisb. And we have a print shop, and our intention is to teach them to read and write their own language, and then begin to translate all the good books and material into their lang-uage that we can---?--- We've got the Bookmobile to helpu s.¥KK: Fine amhition.JH: So we've really got a lot of ambitiousá plans.
 HANSEN P AGE 2 1KB: You certainly do.JR: We just shoot at the moon. I work on each of those, a little biteach day. Going right along.KB.: Do you find there is a wide acceptance of this program in theadults?JR: Yes, most of the things I am doing are based on information likethis that---?--- We have a student advisory that is made up of Navajo speaking adults, Navajo people in our classes tell us what they want. And we try to take their felt needs and trans- late them into educational goals, and teach them what they want. Of course, we do it in such a way that we are achieving our own objectives for this, too.KB.: Now as an educator, you indicated to me some of the problems that they encounter. Do you believe that a public school situationis hetter than reservation schools?JR: Yes, very much. We find that if a child comes into day school and goes home at night, very often he'll teach his parentswhat he learned that day. At least his parents can watch him grow. If you take him away for nine months, or a year of school, it's quite a difference to the child. When he comes home, he's quite alienated from his parents. He may have learned moreEnglish than they can speak. I have heard of parents as soon
 HANSEN PAGE 22KB'.:JH.:as their kid comes home off the bus, they say, "Okay, no more English. We don't want to hear English in our home. You speak Navajo." Suppose the kid hasn't spoken Navajo for nine months, it really creates S'ome pro6..lems.What ahout the previousá statement you made about them almost having to give up their own people for a ten year period of time to get an education? How can you reconcile this?This is they way we're sáolving it, and this is what we did when I was a caseworker, too, was---?--- public schools, and get the kids out of prep school and into public school and get them home every night, and work with the Head Start people inwhat they call their Parent Involvement Plans. And we get the parents into the school to look around and study what's going on with their children.KB..: Now is this currently on the reservation on all public schools here---?---? Howá about grade schools on the reservation?JH: Right. We run buses for high school students all the way from Monument Valley clear up to Blanding where they can ride the bus. and go to high school if they want to. And we have day schools at B1uff, Mexican Hat, and other places. And this seems to he the b.esát solution. These do work out pretty well b.ecause I know- quite a few kids now who graduated from high
 HANSEN PAGE 23school and went on to college, but they sort of brought their parents along with them as they had gone, switching around. Maybe what I was talking ab.out hefore was more the generation of educated Navajo people that we're dealing with right now who are in their thirty-fives and forties, who really have ---?---KB: Is it an advantage then for the families to leave the reserv- ation and come up to the border areas to take advantage of these schools?JH: When I was a caseworker,---?--- along those lines, we helped some people find homes here in town, and visited---?--- women who went to school. And usually the men stayed because the kids don't have to ride the bus so far. And then as they used it, the parents could get a good look at the electricity,heat, television, and so on, hot running water. It sort of raises their level of expectations to what they'd like to have. And this in turn makes it easy to work with them in work train- ing programs. They're more likely to want to earn a job so that they can have some of the things they've experienced. I think there's a whole new situation built up from that aroundpublic schools, and around the Navajo people's desire to better
 HANSEN PAGE 24their way of life. We get requests from the chapter and every- where to come dow.n and teach the A.R.E. classes. They sayá we want to learn English, we want to learn this, we want to learnthat, but a few-years ago they could care less. So this changes. I think that this price that a person has to pay for education, this emotional price is going down more and more all the time.Of course, that's for. the lucky few who come to public schools. There's still an awful lot of kids who are at boarding schools. I'm afraid we're going to be working with them for a long timeyet~Kn.: Is your office here involved at all in finding foster homes forthe children?JH: No, that's handled almost completely by Department of Welfare. KB.: By the welfare? What ab.out the teachers? Now do they seem toprefer to have Navajo certified teachers, or White teachers fortheir children?JR: A lot of the Indian people want White teachers. They say theylearn more. From the kids around the camp, they say they learn- ed more from, the Whites. Usually though, the school adminis- trators like to find qualified Navajo people who can. I don't have a single certified White teacher in my program. But allmy instructorsá are Navajo. Of course, along with these other
 HANSEN P AGE 2 5things I've been worki ng on, I 've developed a complet e teacher training program. And so I just take an interested, motivated, but undereducated person, and t each t hem how to t each t heir ownpeople. And this enables us to pick up some of them from the county who will stay in the county and live there, who want to progress, and give them the tools they need, and the job, and they go back out andhelp their neighbors--teach them. And what- ever money we put into training doesn't leave the county. Ifwe trained two teachers here who were certified just to be paida wage, they'd just run away from us, you know, and then we're stuck. So there'll be relevant teacher training programs---?---. Each of my staff members is going to learn to read and write Navajo. Each of my staff members is required to read the old Navajo---?--- and things like this.KB.: Is your office involved at all with vocational training?JH: Yes, to the extent that we get A.B.E. to enter---?--- in vo-cational training. Some of the things we teach them should reinforce what they're being taught in their shops. And so we have a program for that too. We haven't developed all the curriculum for it yet, but I'm working with Mr. Butler who is directing the vocational training program for Brigham YoungUniversity.
 HANSEN PAGE 26KB.: Now is this the building down by State Hall?JR.: Yeah, that's our print shop. Our actual office is over here bythe Phillips 66 station.KR: Oh. And that's under B:righa.m Young?JH: It is now, as of the last fewádays. The reason I say "our offices"is because prior to that it was operated by a non-profit corpor-ation called the Avecheck (?.} Corporation.KB.: Was this involved at all with the Tribal Council?JR: Yes. We usually operated it under their direction. As a matterof fact, B.Y.U.'s ---?--- was ratified by the Tribal Council. That's when they were about to come in. They were coordinating our curriculums so that they didn't have---?--- in shop---?--- in class and vice versa. And we're trying to give them support.KBá.: You don't find that involvement with the Tribal Council led to too many restrictions, too much interference?JR: Well, I've had so much past experience working withthe Navajo Tribe politics that I don't have very much trouble getting things the way I want them. I learned a long time ago that the grass roots of any movement is in the chapter of the local people. And I've b.een in the county for two or three years,and in each given chapter location I know either one or two of most influential families. That doesn't mean that they're
 HANSEN P AGE 2 7friends of mine, but I know who they are. So when I want some- thing--let's say that we had this new A.B.E. program and we wantto sell it. We'll just casually drop in one day and talk aboutit, and they'll get excited ab.out it and tell their neighbor, andall of a sudden the whole thing swells, and the next thing youknow, the chapters are inviting you down one by one. They wantto see what you've got. So you go and show them, and here againthis is where your cultural---?--- can be explained, translatedto the Navajo people in terms of "my goals" for them. I always explain things in terms of how these things will help them meetthe needs they have expressed, that they need. And so they feellike these programs are meeting their needs, and at the same timeI'm meeting my needs. And---?--- along together, you see? Andif I had troubie at Window Rock, I'd just casually mention to some- one, ''Well, it looks lke we won't b.e able to get this on the program. Sorry, hut so and so down in Window Rock said, 'no'". And there's just a mass exodus down to Window Rock, see.KB.: They send all their spokesmen down.JH: Right, and they tell the guy, "You make it for next year. We wantthis thing, see." The Anglo people that are on the reservation, they don't have too much voice in what goes on. The Navajo people get very jealous about that. So I don't very often go into a
 HANSEN P AGE 2 8chapter meeting to speak. It's real hard to get good---?---.I had a certain number of acquaintances, as I say, and if I had a good idea, I'd go and talk it over with them, and if anythingwas wrong, they'd stand up and say it. It's my word they know. It all comes out in the wash.---?---.left hand backwards.KK: It seems to be working!J1I: Yes. It works pretty well. It was kind of fun because it re-quires a high degree of understanding of human nature, and in this case, I'm functioning as the culture formed me vo. So every time I succeed, I chalk up on bullseye. Of course, that's an individual reason for enjoying my work the way I do. I love it.KB: You actually do this sort of trend away from dependency on the R.I.A. or any federal involvement.J1I.: I'm pr.ob.ably unique among the Anglos with perhaps the exception of Mr. Shumway. Most Anglo people are still feeling very patern- alistic, "We've just got to take them under out wing and help them." I've b.een with Navajo people enough to see that theywant to hold the reins in their own hands, and they're going to take the reins by force. It worries me that some Anglos are still antagonizing them. The Navajo people are getting anawful lot of support from Washington, and they could probably
 HANSEN P AGE 2 9take over most of these programs thems.elves if they wanted to. I'm afraid that they will hefore they're quite ready to admin- istrate them correctly. I'm trying to maintain-~?--- in the community. I sawá it a long time ago. The Navajo people no longer want to be directed. They will take some advice if you will take the proper role and give them the whole problem and let them worry ab.out it. They'll come to you and say, "What do you think of this or that thing?" But they're long pastthe stage where they want to be protected by the B.I.A. ---?---. So I think the Anglos who are really up on it, and who reallywant to help the Navajo people progress should see now that they're ready to learn by doing rather than be told how it should he done. They're ready to learn by doing. And when I first took this job, I was second in command under Mr. Begarwho is a Navajo person and I didn't tell him a single thing to do. I supported him in every way I could. I gave him my ideas and things like this, but he ran the program. Now that I'm in this posáition, I still don't run the program. I havemyá student advisory council. They run it for me, they tellme what to do.KB..: These are adults?JR: Yes. I guess when---?--- they tell me what I want to do.
 HANSEN PAGE 30---?--- they feel that this is their program. Let's put the ---?--- on Navajo ~ountain. The kids get to go on---?--- one day. That's quite a drive, you knowá. ---?--- and tell me what they think is wrong with the program.---?---. After all, I'm working for them, you knowá. The most I can preserve that feeling, the more I can make them feel that it's their program and their respons.ib.ility, and the more they will work. They're veryJH: And they're having a lot of fun. We're getting quite a hit of help from the B.Y.U. people and polishing these ideas I've been telling you ab.out culture and accultural psychology.KB.: That's fascinating hecause that's really the problem you ultimate- ly have to hattle with.JH; I guess what we're trying to do is parallel for the Indian people further roads to access. I acculturated myself to their culture, and in the process of doing that, I went through certain steps.Most of them were intellectual and philosophical. Before I took this job., L-sat down and retraced those steps, and I began todo resáearch to see if I couldn't clarify how each of those steps takes place, how I learned new things and so on.KBá.: Nowá you' re not actually asking them to assimilate White culture---?---So it's really quite satisfying. KB.: It's tremendous. Really.
 HANSEN P AGE 3 1for their own, you're just trying to make them see the differ- ences so they can unders.tand how to function when they come into town.JH: That's right. Precisely. Because I haven't give up my culture to become Navajo. Where I go among the Navajo people, I can pass into a group just as quietly as any Navajo person wouldwithout raising any waves. Mr. Begay, although he was Navajo, could do just the same. He could go into a meeting of heads of state and say everything right among the Anglos. And when it was time to go back among his own people, he reverted back, and he could be with them. And there was no jarring eitherway, you know, ---á?---. I think you can teach more people to do that. I think we're more aware now of what many of the steps are in order to---?---. We going to try to teach them. So, as you say, when they come into town, they know how to b.ehave if they want to. They know how to do it. Now they just---?--~. We're not trying to eradicate their old way of life at all, but just give them insight so they can function in hoth places. Would you like for me to get you a copy of that ---?---.?KB.: Oh, I would, I'd appreciate it very much.