 FRANCIS GIBBON Salt Lake City, Utah Tape No. 56An interview by Mitch Haddard July 29, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
  
 Table of ContentsBackground.Legal Matters dealing with Uranium Mining. Patenting Claims.Uranium Mining Law.Overlapping Claims.Large Corporations versus Individual Miners .. 13Reviving Old Claims . Penny Stocks.Public Land Laws.1 1 3 7. 10. 15 . 18 . 19
 
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH FRANCIS GIBBON, CONDUCTED BY MITCH HADDAD, AT THE LDS ADMINISTRA TION BUILDING, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ON JULY 29, 1970.MH: Okay, Mr. Gibbon, as I said, the first thing I'd like to know is something about yourself.FG: I attended the University of Utah and Stanford University, and received an Ll.D. from the University of Utah. I actively practiced law from 1952 until early 1970. All that time was with the firm of Senior and Senior in Salt Lake City, Utah, a firm thatspecializes in natural resources law. I am still a partner of that firm, although because of my present connection with the church where I serve as Secretary of the First LDS church, I'm an a relatively inactive status.MH: During the time you were with Senior and Senior, what type of legal problems did you encounter (?) in regards to uranium? What were the most common problems you had?FG: Well, in the early 1950s, of course, the chief problems with which we were faced in connection with uranium claims was the problem of their basic validity. Prior to the enactment of the law commonly called Public Law 585, it was almost impossible to locate a valid mining claim whether for uranium or for any other mineral on lands within the area wherethe uranium development---?---
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1MH: ---?---?FG: Yeah, why don't you. The reason for this was thatmost of the federal public domain land in the area where the principle uranium activity occurred was covered by filings made under the Mineral Leasing Act of 1920, filings either for advocations or actually issued leases. And the law at that time was such as to render invalid any mining claim that was locatedin the land covered either by an application for mineral leasing act lease, or a mineral leasing act lease. This was true of the famous claims of Charly Steen, who developed the Mi Vida Mine near Moab, Utah. All of Charly Steen's claims were located on federal lands on which there were existing applications or leases. They were therefore void. It was the knowledge of this difficult legal situation that gave rise to the enactment in 1954 of Public Law 585. The effect of 585 was to provide a procedure whereby claims that initially were invalid because of conflict with these filing could be validated, and also provided that thereafter it was possible to have simultaneously on the same land both the mineral leasing act filing or a mining claim. So in the early 1950s, our problems related principally to the question of the invalidity of these claims. We2
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1regularly had to tell people who came to us with claims located on lands covered by these leasing act filings that they were invalid, and that steps would have to be taken to alter the law by statute. I don't know what else specifically you're interested in. Those were the problems we wrestled with in the early years.Uh huh. Now when you say like before the passage of the Multiple Use Act, it was ownership that was the key--That was the key problem, that's right.And one area that sort of relates to that is the idea of the patent. The patenting of claims.That's right.But weren't there problems, then, in regards to patents, and aren't there still problems in regards to patents, legally?Yes. That's correct. Of course, the problems with respect to patent have become greatly aggravated within the past few years. But even at that day there were difficult problems pertaining to patent. Thoseproblems related chiefly to the question of whether r not there had been in fact a discovery of a valuable mineral within the meaning of the mining laws, which would justify the issuance of patent. In a case like3MH:FG: MH:FG: MH:FG:
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1Charly Steen's, of course, where he had an operating mine, this problem is practically nonexistent. It happens that our office represented Charles Steen in connection with his patenting of his Mi Vida Mine, and I happened to have been the agent in whose name those proceedings were conducted. They resulted in the issuance to Charly Steen of a patent covering these uranium claims. And as far as--well, we know that this was the first patent issued covering the uranium claims under the Multiple Use Act. In the interval, of course, the problems with respect to patenting have been greatly aggravated. This has arisen from the fact that commencing in about 1960, after Secretary Stewart Udall went into office, the Department of the Interior commenced to more rigidlyapply the test of discovery in determining whether or not a patent should be issued. The traditional test of discovery, as you perhaps know, as enunciated in Castle versus Lonbog (?), the leading case, is that whether or not there has been found a mineral of such a quality and in such a quantity that it would justify a reasonably prudent man in the expenditure of his time and money in the hope or expectation of developing a paying mine. That rule as later interpreted by the Department of the Interior under4
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1Secretary Udall was interpreted to require in effect evidence of the existence of an ore body that could under then existing conditions be developed profitably. And so the marketability test evolved bythe department, and which, incidentally, was later in the Coleman Case confirmed by the Supreme Court as it applied to building stone. Since then a subordinate, or lower, or inferior, I should say, jurisdictions have extended the meaning of Coleman to extend not only to building stone, but to metalliferous minerals and other of non-metalliferous minerals, but we do not as of yet have any definitive decision by the Supreme Court to indicate just how far Coleman will be expanded. But because of the uncertainty today in this field of the law, it is almost an impossibility to get a patent. Because as far as the department is concerned, they will apply the marketability test, and therefore, unless you can show that you have an ore body, that today, according to present economic conditions, you can mine profitably, you won't get a patent.MH: So--FG: I was going to add, and for that reason, today mostof your--in fact, all of your knowledgeable people who deal with mining claims on the public domain will5
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1just continue to hold them and develop them on the basis of their unpatented filings with no attempt to go to patent.MH: Now, you said as a result of Coleman versus theUnited States, that the marketability aspect wasbrought into it. Originally, our statutes ---?---the patent laws were, as you said, to originally aid the miner, correct? To help him to have fee title to his mine? How much of a problem area was the overlapping mine claims as well as, what, actually usurping a uranium claim in the early period, say, in the fifties?FG: That presents a very difficult problem in areas where there has been great mining-claim activity. In most cases where you have conflicting claims, their resulting ---?--- by boundary line agreements, or where the parties are unable to get together, then of course they have to litigate. In that kind of litigation, however, the problem of discovery that I have been talking about is not too important becausewhen there is a question between two private individuals as to who has prior right to a claim, the same test of discovery applied by the department in patent proceedings is not applied, and so it is a less restricted test of discovery. But in most areas6.'
 FRANC I S GIBBON # 1where we found numerous conflicting claims, and whereit was an area of value , the part ies would ordinarily get together and resolve their differences on the basis of the boundary line agreement so as not to throw the thing into litigation for an indeterminate amount of time.MH: Now when we..you speak of litigation over ownership claims, the biggest statutes that are in application there are ones which are ... well, you have your lode statute which was passed in 1866, wasn't it? Placer one which was 1870, and a composite which was eventually 1872?FG: That's correct.MH: Basically, mining law has not changed since then, hasit?FG: Not basically, no. The mining laws as we know ittoday have evolved from the interpretation of the1872 law .MH: I was wondering if uranium wouldn't present specialproblems legally due to its unusual nature of depositing, or, for a while, its questionable nature, the conflict over whether or not uranium claims should be lode or placer.FG: Yes, there is that problem, special problem with respect to uranium. It never has resulted in7
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1litigation as far as I know. I think that in Utah almost by common consent everyone locates their uranium claims as lode claims. That was not true in the Gas Hills area in Wyoming, where the character of the deposit was quite different than that of the Moab area in Utah, in which they located many of their claims both ways, that is, both as lode and placers. There was a district court case, I think, that developed in Wyoming involving the Gas Hills, but the decision is quite confusing and not clear. So I think that up there they might still located them both ways. But this is a problem that's not necessarily restricted to uranium. You have, for example, a similar problem with respect to dosenite, (?) in Colorado, the aluminum base mineral, which you find in association which your oil shale. They have had question out there as to whether your dosenite (?) should be located as a lode or placer claim. So I would not say that this question of lode versus placer is a problem that is peculiar to uranium such that it would justify giving uranium a special treatment.MH: Okay now, in essence, when Senior and Senior handled mining claims, they have a great---?---, probably as many if not more, you know, law firm here in Salt8
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1Lake. What was the main type, you know, plain litigation or main legal problem which was brought to you? Was it any particular number more than---?---?FG: Yes. The chief problem, or at least one of the chief problems brought to us related to the validity of the claims as originally located. The most typical situation is where the was allocation in 1960, and in 1963 a second or third party came onto the land and located a conflicting . claims. And then the prior locator would come to us, or the subsequent locator would come to us, having learned of the existence of the other party, and would make enquiry as to who would have the priority of right. And the resolution of that question depended upon many factors, including the factor of discovery. Discovery, of course, is an essential element for the validlocation of a mining claim. But in addition, of course, it's necessary to demonstrate that the claim was properly market and monumented, that the notice of location was timely and properly posted and recorded, and that then there was a discovery. If it appeared that there was not a discovery, then, of course, the chief issue is whether or not the original locator had remained in possession of the claim looking toward obtaining the discovery, in9
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1which even that prior locator or possessor would have had valid preeminent rights against everybody except the government itself. This latter issue, namely of possession, could become very critical as it did, forMH: FG:example, in connection with the beryllium play out near Delta.Uh huh. This is the concept of pedis possessio?Pedis possessio. Whether the actual possession of one claim is considered to be possession of contiguously owned claims. So these are all legal issues that existed in making the determination as to whether or not one of the other of the locators of the common ground had a priority right. It's obvious, therefore, that when someone came to us with a question about the validity of a claim, it was necessary for us tohave some pretty detailed facts about what happened. And we would therefore ask that there be given to us copies of any abstracts of title covering the particular claim, that there be a physical examination report provided by a qualified person which would include evidence of monumenting, of the existence of the exposures of mineralization, or of mining works, and if there were mining works, the extent of them. The sampling of any discovered mineral exposures whether naturally exposed or10
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1explored and exposed through mining. And from this data we would then be in a position to make an educated guess as to whether one or the other of the parties might prevail in the even of litigation. NowI think that it is an accurate statement to say that the overwhelming majority of claims located are invalid through lack of discovery. Even a discovery under the accepted Castle versus---?--- test, even excluding marketability. And this applies especially to your uranium claims because those deposits were found at depth. And in order to demonstrate discovery, you must have actually exposed the mineral through drilling or through tunneling. You can't support a discovery on the concept of geological inference. You must actually demonstrate that mineral has been found. And so with that in mind, that most of your claims are invalid to begin with, you can see that this question of possession becomes very important. This is a fact not commonly understood by the majority of your people who locate claims. They have the erroneous concept that all you need to do is to go out and stake your claim and record your notice and you have priority right. You do not, unless you stay in possession. And when you stay in possession, then you have prior right over everybody, if you'relooking toward discovery.MH: Uh huh. So in essence then, pedis possessio is the
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1key to keeping the claim.FG:In most of your claims. And this, of course, accounts for the recommendations that have been made by the American Mining Congress or the amendment of the mining laws. I don't know whether you've gotten into this or not. I, along with Ray Holbrook, served on a committee of the American Mining Congress that made a presentation to the Public Land Law Review Commission a couple of years ago where we made--we, I say, the Mining Congress made numerous recommendations for the alteration of the mining laws. And one of the proposals relates to the question of pedis possessio. A recommendation has been made that the law be amended to grant what would be called an exploratory claim right which would give a company, for example, the right to move into a relatively large tract of land, and where for a period of a year or two, whatever is decided on, that company would have the exclusive right to conduct drilling operations. And then at the end of that time, it would have the right to locate the traditional type of claim upon those areas where their drilling had exposed the existence of minerals. And this provision, if accepted, would go a long way toward answering some of the legitimate complaints that your big companies have made about12
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1the mining laws, that they have to extend tremendous sums of money to go into an area to explore it, and under the present law they have no protection. It's impossible for them to be constantly in possession of a large group of claims, and there's always the danger of your interlopers coming in and locating, and doing it on the premise that they had no valid claim to begin with; they weren't in actual possession, therefore, the land was open to location. And they come in peaceably and locate, you see. Well,this provision, if accepted, would go a long way toward answering that legitimate claim about the inadequacies of the mining laws.MH: You bring up the large companies. Now this is another large problem when you speak of legal aspects of uranium mining. I mean, the role of large companies versus individual small miners. And this is something which the anti-trust suits have shown, that it's a constant source of problems---?---FG: That's right. The mining laws as originally drafted were designed, of course, to encourage the independent prospector to go on to the public domain and find and develop the minerals as a means of expanding the country. And it was a great incentive. But times have changed. You now have the big13
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1companies that along have the financial backing to develop some of these properties. I'm thinking now of a claim that I know about in the Moab area, where the mineral's expected to be found at the depth of three thousand feet. In the first place, to confirm their geological analysis, they may have to spend $250,000 in a drilling program to assure themselves that the ore is there, and maybe spend several million dollars constructing a shaft to go down to it. And it's a situation where the prospector on his mule going out trying to find the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow just wouldn't have a ghost of a chance to do anything, you see.MH: Now this three-foot-claim is uncommon if it's down that far usually for uranium. Is the claim you're referring to the Humeca Mines that are now being developed by Rio Algom?FG: Yes. Rio Tinto. Rio Tinto and-- MH: Rio Algom is their company.FG: I guess their subsidiary, yeah. MH: Right.FG: But I think it's the Rio Tinto operation--MB: Right, out of London.FG: And also, one of the oil companies out East has someadjoining property. What's the name of that company? 14
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1We did some work for them. Anyway, it's the same property, you see? Well, in a case like that, it'sjust a situation where practically it can be developed only by a company with tremendous resources and skills on top of it. Apparently it's the general view, among mining engineers that I've had anything to do with and the prospectors, that most of the areas where someone can go out and find a claim without really digging is a thing of the past, and that in the future, the minerals are going to be found with very sophisticated and expensive equipment, using your aerial photography and your analyses from the air of the presence of the anomalies, and then going into an area that looks promising and drilling it.MH: This brings to mind the most current phase of the uranium industry, and this is probably what they--I guess the ---?--- call the shell game. The reenactment of old uranium claims or corporations, I think also, isn't it, to form securities actually? Isn't this an area that could be troublesome if it's not handled right?FG: Yes. But this problem has always been with us. It's not a new problem because of the nature of a mining claim is such that a claim as described in a notice15
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1of location could often be within a radius of ten or fifteen miles of where it was actually located, and so you unscrupulous, dishonest people have always attempted to take advantage of this fact and to float their claims. I recall a favorite story that Clair Senior used to tell. Clair was Raymond's brother and died in '65. He was a very fine lawyer, and he used to take great relish in telling the story of his having been in Monticello, Utah with a client in connection with some mining properties. I think that the client was trying to buy some mining properties. I think that the client was trying to buy some mining properties, and there appeared at the door of the motel one evening a man who had a pickup truck with him loaded with weathered posts. And this man said, "I understand you're looking for some mining claims." And they talked to him, and he said, "I have on my truck a load of weathered posts. I also have some old weathered mining location notices. The descriptions in them are so vague and indefinite that they could apply to almost any land in this area. And if you'll tell me where you want those posts put down, I'll put down and you've some good early locations!" And it was a true story. So this is a definite problem, a problem which the Mining Congress has recommended be16
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1solved by requiring that hereafter claims be located according to legal subdivisions, so that by checking the records of the county recorder's office, you can obtain where a particular claim is, and whether or not there are claims on a particular tract of land. Something that you cannot do now, you see. Thissystem similar to that in Canada, isn't it?FG: Yes. Canada has a similar system, that's correct. But this is a nagging problem. As to the question of your shell corporations, this, of course, is not a problem that related specifically to the question of title of the mining claims because the shell corporation could be a vexing problem to any type of ownership, yousee.MH: Uh huh. I was thinking in regards to the--well, whenyou have the boom, in essence, of the uranium mining industry, you also have the stock boom, the penny- stock boom.FG: Yes. That's right. Yeah. I understand that they've pretty well clamped down on this shell game with the corporations. We've had some local people who have gotten into trouble with SEC, and they're really clamping down on them.MH: So then legally they don't want the same thing to even happen again, basically?17
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1FG: Yeah. Uh huh.MH: This is--now if I can get the stock problem, thelegal aspects of the stock problem that--to place it straight. Basically, it was that many of these companies did now have substance to be considered what would be legally down as a corporation or as a mining company. And the issuance of stock in a company which is now fraudulently formed is illegally, correct?FG: That's right.MH: And this is what came to scrutiny under the SEC?FG: Yes. What they did in some instances is find one ofthese uranium companies that was formed back in the days of the boom in the fifties, a company that was inactive. They would acquire a block of stock in it from some source, usually for a nominal price, and that would give them the ability to commence to manipulate the corporation. And then by altering the stock structure, you see, they could clearly control it. And often they could find these companies where they had made their filings with the SEC and had been cleared. And then they would commence to peddle the stock. The companies might have had a portfolio of these unpatented mining claims and without any reference to the validity of the claims, they could18
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1commence to publicize the fact that this company owns properties in this area valuable for uranium, and this, of course, would stimulate the value of the stock and this is the way they made their money.So this is a promoter's--as had often been said,MH:FG:promoters often could control the whole essenceMH:FG: MH: FG:MH:A ll he had to do was l e t a l i t t l e information leak out.That's right. But not all the information. If all the information were known, it would appear that their claims were valueless, in fact, that they didn't have claims, because they didn't have discoveries. Or for any of a number of reasons, you see?So then certain aspects were withheld intentionally often times?Sure, that's true in many cases.This could bring legal action as a result of that. That's right. It has. And as I have indicated, there are a number of these promoters that are in deep trouble with the SEC for this type of maneuveringwith these shell corporations.We'll move on here to a final issue. This is probably one which is later, much later, but it's the effect of the mining industry, or the uranium mining industry, on both the economy of this area as well as19---?---
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1the, what, state legislation? Now legislation is a slow thing, and I was thinking in a discussion of the legal aspects that it's finally coming about; the Public Land Law Review Committee is just now pending on things that happened in the fifties often times. Now didn't this kind of present a really difficult legal situation for the lawyer? I mean, he's asked to deal with antiquater law in basically what he's doing.FG: I don't know whether I quite understand your question.MH: I'm kind of asking, in essence, if the mining laws which are set forth are too antiquated to handle, you know, cases which come up? Are they capable?FG: The mining laws have many defects that ought to be corrected. We've discussed some of those defects of the preciseness of precision of location, defects with respect to recording information so that third parties can ascertain if there are in fact claims on a particular tract of land. These are obviously defects. We think that these defects can be cured in a manner that has been recommended to the Public Land Law Review Commission. It would be very unfortunate if these defects were to bring about a complete revocation of the location system. And that's why the20
 FRANC I S GIBBON # 1Mining Congress has gone on record as it has to make the necessary amendments to the mining laws so as to make it workable under the present economic andtechnical conditions that exist. Now there are many, Secretary Udall included, who urged that the mining law was an antiquated holdover of the sour dour miners' era, and that it did now have any place in our modern economy, and ought, therefore, to be completely done away with. The chief reason why I personally opposed that and why the clients I work with oppose it is that, were it to be completely abolished, then there would no more be an opportunity for individuals or companies to go on the public domain to attempt to find minerals. They would have to have the permission from a bureaucracy in order to do that. And in the present inclination of many who advocate the view to lock up our natural resources and eve present them from going in to take a look, that we would be setting up a policy that would be most detrimental to our nation. The reason for that, of course, is that with an increasing population and increasing demand for minerals there is a necessi t y to keep as fluid and open as possible a means by which these minerals can be sought out and devel oped . And if this is put within the control of a21
 FRANCIS GIBBON #1bureaucracy, why, you're going to find happen what has happened in so many other areas where that department has the control, that is, it'll just belocked up. That'll be the end of it. We now see an attempt being made to lock up Alaska completely. Some want to lock it up until they can make a complete inventory of the minerals. And according to the present rate of analysis, it might be a hundred or two hundred years. I'm satisfied that most people in the mining industry have come to the conclusion that they're not to be given the exclusive use of the land, but that it is to be a multiple-use concept. They can have the right to go in and take a look-see, and then if there is anything, then to be permittedto go in and develop it.MH: So then it seems like the laws are basically goodones. They just need to be sort of polished to fit achanging society.FG: That's .my view. I don't think because a house hasrats you ought to burn the house down. I think you ought to exterminate the rats. And that is my view, therefore, of the mining laws. I think we ought to take a realistic look at them, analyze them, find out how they are outmoded, and then change them. And this is what the Mining Congress has recommended. But many22
 FRANC I S GIBBON # 1who are on the other side just want to lock it up completely and leave it under the absolute control of the Department of Inter i or as to whether someone will even be permitted to go on the land.As a concluding question, would you care to addMH:FG: MH:FG:anything else in regards to mining laws and that problems which arise out of the appl ication of t hese laws?I don't think so.Are there any other areas that you can think of that we haven't touched upon?I would just add this: that the people in the West,in the public-land states, look at these questions much differently than does someone in the East. In excess of 70 percent of the total land area of our state is completely locked up and under the absolute control of the bureaucracy in Washington, we' re i n bad shape. Therefore, the people in the West especially fight this concept because of the practicality of the situation.Both economically and landwise.That's right. And you see, with 70 percent of our land area in government, federal government control, that quantity of land is removed from our local taxing power, which is a rather critical thing. We23MH: FG:
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1depend to a large extent upon our mineral industry to fuel our economy. And we are therefore reluctant to go for any kind of a proposal that is going to give a bureaucracy outside of our state the absolute say so as to when and how and if the public lands are developed. And this is the real issue as to why we so strongly opposed an abolition of the mining laws because once you have abolished those mining laws, then, you see, you have no right to go on the public domain to look for minerals. You have to go to the government to get a license, permit, even to go on. And this would effect a very radical change in our whole mining set up.MH: Also the whole of western society.FG: All the western mining public land states, andparticularly Alaska. You can imagine what it would mean up there. Now to someone in the East, accustomed to a situation where the federal government owns a comparatively small quantity of land within a particular state, they don't quite comprehend the concept of the mining laws. And we find that a good part of the pressure for change comes from the East, who we don't think understand our situation. The hard thing about it is, one of the chief advocates was a Western boy, Stewart Udall, who was my boyhood24
 F R A N C I S GIBBON # 1friend. We were raised together in this same small Arizona town, and lived across the street from each other. My father was the district judge in Saint Johns, Arizona, and Lee ---?--- Udall, Stewart's father, succeeded him as the judge in that county.MH: And yet you have two completely different views? FG: That's right.MH: So then it does present a pressing problem them? FG: Yes.MH: Okay, thank you.25