 DONALD R. HILL Grand Junction, Colorado Tape No. 82An interview byGreg Brolin and Richard Gibbs July 21, 1970American West Center University of UtahUranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground 1 Experience with A.E.C. 1 Qualifications for Obtaining an A.E.C. Lease. 31
 This is an interview for the University of Utah and California State College at Fullerton for the Uranium Industry Oral History Project. Gregg Brolin and Richard Gibbs are interviewing Donald R. Hill, at the Atomic Energy Commission Compound, Grand Junction, Colorado, on July 21, 1970.B: "To begin, would you like to give us a little background about yourself?H: My own experiences?B: Yes, and your experience with the Atomic Energy Commission.H: I'm a graduate mining engineer from the Montana School of Mines. Following about fifteen years of industrial experience, I camewith the Commission in '52 as a mining engineer, primarily in connection with the initial production bonus, Circular Six Bonus Program. I don't know if you've got into that yet or not, it's incentive. Well, I ran that for a number of yearswith five or ten engineers¥. In '62 I became assistant to the manager here for five years, and in 1967 was made Director of the Mining Division. So that's sort of a thumbnail sketch of my time around here.B: I understand you were involved in the leasing, the A.E.C. Leasing Program?H: Yeah. As a matter of fact, in a number of programs. I think you're probably thinking of the leasing program on withdrawn lands?
 B:H:Y es.There was a Leasing Program in respect to where the gas lands, which was another project. I might just talk about that for a minute, because that might not come in your investigation. Butafter thousands of mining claims had been staked for uranium, it was also discovered that they also occupied the same ground that had been leased by the government for oil and gas and other minerals. Now this is under the so-called Leasing Act, and such claims are not valid. You can't stake a mining claim like that. So a number of, probably half of the mining claims for uranium claims were not valid mining claims which included Steen's claims and some of the major claims that were involved in the uranium program. So the Commission under its authority came up with a leasing program whereby a guy staked a claim, we would lease it back to him under our authority, so that he had some semblance of title until such time as the legislation came about which would straighten out this problem. Well, this happened and this wiped out this leasing program, but this was a big job for a number of years, protecting the uranium prospector from the fact he didn'thave a valid claim to start with. So, this was one leasing program. I mean, just talking about that so it gets into the record. Itwas quite an important aspect at the time. This was in the early fifties, '54 or 'SS, I think. Now, with respect to the leasing program on withdrawn lands, I worked for a while on a little2
 H: different capacities, not really directly in the administration, but I served on a committee that selected the lessees.B: Exactly what we're interested in.H: Yeah.G:H:What were the qualifications for obtaining one of these A.E.C. leases?Well, one of the first qualifications was to apply and ask fora lease and set forth your financial condition, or whatever backers you may have to assure us that if you got a lease you could put it into production. The second qualification, of course, was the necessary experience to carry on one of these leases, or lacking that, your ability to hire someone to oversee it, the person them- selves. I think in the early part of the program, this would be really before I got involved in it, there weren't too many applicants for leases. They weren't quite as, they didn't havethe degree of selectivity that they had later on. So, I guessessentially the criteria were the ability to finance, either with your own money or some assured finance and the ability to operate it no matter in what fashion.Well, who determined who ultimately got the lease?The Leasing Committee.Who was this committee?B:H:B:3
 H: Now, the determination, of course, would be the manager here, but I don't know of them ever turning down the committee's recommen- dation.B: Now is that committee out of this office?H: Right.B: And was it composed of members solely out of this office?H: Right.B: There were never any recommendations from Washington?H: No, there were no Washington people on this committee. I suppose they would have had, particularly in the early part of the program, you would have prerogatives of turning one of these people down.B: Well, that was in 1955 and I understand there were only forty-nine leases granted and only thirty-four of those were in effect.H: This could be, I don't know. The number sounds right.B:H:B:And yet there were still three hundred applications on file.This could be very true. The numbers, I'm not too sure about them, but it sounds like the right order of magnitude.My question is, with this number of applications on file and with the vast amount of reserves that we now have on our ore deposits,why were so few leases granted?4
 H: Well, I don't know. When you talk about vast amount of reserves I don't think I have heard of vast amounts of reserves.B:H:In comparison wo what it had been prior to that?Well, in comparison it would have been the--rest of the uranium industry. Of course, I think these reserves have become somewhat localized. I mean they don't just, there isn't 250 square milesof reserves. They limit certain spots, and they would only be susceptible in a certain number of operations. You couldn't have had three hundred leases if that's what you're saying. There wasn't that much--it doesn't break up that way. I think you would alsohave to take into consideration that the leasing program was designed to make sure that there was a source of uranium ore for the existingmills and was in measure to encourage the mills to go into business in the first place. Now let1 s talk about another aspect of this leasing program. Now there were certain pieces of A.E.C. withdrawn ground that were leased to milling companies. Now these were written into the mill contract, and I'm talking about the time even beforeI got here. In order to encourage Climax, for instance, or U.S.U. as it was called at that time, to build a mill and produce uranium they put some of this withdrawn ground in the contract. That is, they gave permission to mine from this withdrawn ground. So thisdidn't go through the normal selection process, and it was some pretty good ground. But you've got to remember that the leasing program's primary function was to make sure there was going to be an5
 H:industry. Now as the companies began to find enough of their own, they developed an adequate base for their own mills, we had to taper our program. In 1962 they were telling the industry to cut back. In fact, they started to do this in '58, and as early as '57. It seems a little stupid, I guess is the word, but it isn't too good ~anage- men.t to. be telling the industry to close down and I don't know ifthis is answering your question.This explains why the government is trying to get away from the with- drawal leasing.Yeah. You have got to get out of the program really because we're cutting back on the whole industry. It reached a point there where it was just a surplus, I think generally, and reserves were even found outside, far beyond anything we had imagined so far.Was it common for a large company, say like U.S.V.C., once it had an A.E.C. lease, to subcontract s;_ay eight or nine subcontracts?Oh yeah. That's common, not only on our A.E.C. leases, but on all their ground. I'll tell you why that is, too. It takes a greatmany small properties, small operations, and U.S.V. would have say,a hundred of these things. You can't administer each one. It wasa great management administration job. Now, if you can contract this out to fifty contractors, they could form their own management.That's really the only way to adequately supervise that large number of small properties. Well, it's not the only, way, but it's a veryB:H:B:H:6
 good way. I think in most cases they did subcontract. Now this wasreally a contract miner basis rather than a sublease.B: Yeah, well I meant a subcontractor. I noticed that in the 1955 hearingsthat were on leases ¥.. on A.E.C. leases .¥. John Schumacher offered tes- timony saying that in his eyes the uranium business was indeed a small business. In other words, for the small miner.H: In '55?B: In ¥á55, he was and he said that he couldn't see where it was actuallywas right for th.e A.E.C. to give this lease to a large company like U.S.V.C. and th.en for them to subcontract it to these small miners when they could get the leases themselves. Do you have any comments on this?H: Well, in the first place, John Schumacher is entitled to his opinion,he is a very astute, very good man. But he didn't understand what Ijust told you. The idea is to keep the mill in business, and, of course, in my own personal opinion, the small operator has a better chance asan independent operator if ..¥ he serves the large company which has a bunch of these things to farm out, because he doesn't need as much capital. If the company needs the ore bad enough, they treat him better than the government does. But I know John's viewpoint, and I think he still has it. Of course, I think he's wrong in that the uranium industry as a whole is not a small producer. If he wants to talk about the Uravan Mineral Belt, that's just a small segment of it.The uranium industry now was getting to be that way in 1955.B: Once a mining company, or let's say an independent miner, who hadproduced one of these subcontracts, once he had obtained one of these, what could he be guaranteed in terms of future security?