  ALMA JONES Blanding, Utah Tape No. 5An interview by Kathy Biel July 22, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsHow Family Came to Blanding. Relations with Navajos.Schooling of Navajos.Navajos Attitudes Toward White Man Mining and Prospecting.14¥ ¥ 10¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 21 .¥¥ 23 ¥ 26 . ¥¥ 31 ¥ ¥ 35 ¥ ¥ 41Problems of Navajos Working and Trading with Navajos ¥¥¥¥¥ Problems with Welfare Program. Legal Problems on Reservation.Honey ¥ ¥ ¥
 JONESTHIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH ALMA JONES FOR THE COLORADO PLATEAU ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. THE INTERVIEW TOOK PLACE IN THE KITCHEN OF MR. JONES' HOME AT 138 SOUTH 2ND EAST, IN BLANDING, UTAH, ON JULY22ND, 1970 AT 7:30 IN THE EVENING. THE INTERVIEWER IS KATHY B.IEL.KB: Okay, first of all, could you tell me when your family first came to this area?AJ: My father? My father was one of the original pioneers that came into San Juan County through the--across the Colorado River from the western settlements of Utah. And he settled in Blanding in 1880, on the sixth of April. He was married, and he and his wife had no children. In 1883, he married my mother--this was in during polygamy. And she had ten children, and she was burned to deathin 1904. The fire started in our bathroom, but in the process, she got her clothes on fire, and she went outside to where we had a well out in the hack the--in the back yard. She was burned so badly that she died in about 12 days, I think it was, after that.KB.: Oh, and with ten children.AJ: Her youngest child was a year and a half old. I was three. You'renot recording this now, are you?KB.: Uh huh. ---?---AJ: Well, I just--KB: What brought your father to this area? Wasn't it Hole-in-the-Rock,
 JONESPAGE 2is that where they caine?AJ: Yes, they were called here by the President of the Church fromthe settlements. Eighty-five wagons--there was some 150 peoplealtogether that come in that company.KB..: And what was their purpose? Why were they called to this areaZ AJ: Oh, they were called here to estab.lish friendly relations with thetwo tribes that were located here in this area: the Utes and the Navajos. There had heen considerable hostility on the part of the Navajos b.ecause of an incident where three of their youngmen were killed on the west side of the Colorado River. They had b.een up in the settlements trading blankets and getting supplies for the winter of one kind or another. On their way back, they got snowed in, and they ran out of provisions so they had to have something to eat, so they killed a beef. And I guess they were staying on this ranch. The cattle that they killed belonged toa rancher, or some ranchers that weren't members of the Mormon Church. Of course, the Navajos, when it got to them, why it was-- they didn't know the differences between them. So, it created a real hostile feeling on the part of the Navajos towad the people of Utah.KB.: Just in general?AJ: Yes, and, of course the Church sent missionaries among the Navajo
 JONESP AGE 3people. There was some very thrilling stories written about the labors of Jacob Hamlin, and other missionaries, Ira Hatch, and then there was--well, I just don't recall all of them, but they had some success. But there was one of the Church leaders that was killed, George A. Smith. And, well, there was justa real serious feeling between the Navajos and the White--theMormons. That was the reason--that's what prompted the authorities to colonize this part of the country. The main purpose was justto establish peace.KB.: And your father was one of these that was called--one of the leaders that was called?AJ: Yes, he was--he was in th.e group that came out in the springof 1879. They called it the--it was a scouting party. They came to look for a route. They came by Lee's Ferry, Tub.a City, Chinle, Mexican Water, on across in the northeasterly direction to a point about half way between the mouth of Macuma Canyon andMontezuma Creek. That was the route that they figured theywould take, I guess, until in the meantime, a biship's scoutfrom Escalante, and some others made a--some kind of an investigation. They came back with the report that this company would be able togo through from Escalante to Montezuma Creek up at San Juan inmuch less time than--and with less effort than to go clear around
 JONESPAGE 4by Lee's Ferry and Tuba City, and Moencopi, as it was known then. So that was how they came by way of the Hole-in-the-Rock. They got to the tops of the cliffs above the Hole-in-the-Rock in December and winter set in so that they couldn't get back ifthey had decided to change their minds and go the other way, you know.. So they were there, and they sent out four men from there to scout out the route from the east side of the Colorado to the San Juan River at Montezuma Creek. While they were gone, however, the company had decided--had definitely decided to go that way, and they had"set the work, and they began to make their way down through Hole-in-the-Rock. They had gone to work on that, andthey had that completed when the scouts got hack, that is, nearlycompleted.KB,: How did they go about establishing friendly relations with theNavajos? They were very unhappy at this point anyway.AJ: Yes, yes, there had been much hostility when they got here. Butthe Council of Brigham Young had been pretty well inculcated into the thinking of the Latter Day Saints, that it was better tofeed the Indians than to fight them, you know. And so, that was their policy right from the start, was to share whatever they could with the Indians and work with them, show them how to raisecorn, food of different kinds, and everything. Just work with
 JONES PAGE 5them to help them to make for themselves a better life, a betterliving, you knowo Just make friends with them.KB.: Do you feel that they were successful at that point?AJ: Yes, hut there was an incident that occurred at the San Juan Riverbetween the mouth of Butler Wash and the Corn Wash. Amos Aborton had established a trading post there for the purpose of trading with the Navajos, mostly with those who would come from the south side of the river. And in 1883, he was killed through no fault of his. I was just a renegade Navajo that---?--- it, but as a result of that, there was a great deal of excitement created among the Navajos in that part of the reservation. On one occasion, there was a hundred of them armed with guns that came into Bluff for the purpose of exterminating the settlers in town. They picked a time when most of the menfolk were out on the range in the spring. The able bodied men were nearly all gone out of town. And my dad and Bishop Jens Nielsel met them in the streetbarehanded and hareheaded, and just talked them out of any á violence. He presented to them the fact that they had come there to establish peace, and their only purpose was for us to have peace and friendship with them. Anyway, they got the message over to some of the leaders, and they were able to stop themfrom violence. They finally--the women of the community fixed up
 JONESP AGE 6a banquet and they had a big dinner there out under the big cottonwoods. And they left with a very happy and friendlyfeeling, and they never had any trouhle like that again. The only trouhle was that there were quite a few of them that insisted on stealing. They'd steal cattle and they'd steal clothes off the clothesline, and they'd take things, you know. And it took quite a bit of ingenuity on the part of the people to kind of b.reakthem of that. You see, the settlers were pretty well isolated. They didn't have a road out of here, and it was hardly passableat all. They w.ere at the mercy of the Navajo because they wereso hadly outnumbered, and that's why they just had to do something about this stealing, or they wouldn't he able to--they wouldn'tbe able to maintain themselves. So Bill(?) Haskeroll was considered one of their diplomats from áthe Church headquarters that came down here. He had a lot of experience with them; he was well acquainted. He finally just put it right straight up to them that they'd have to quit stealing from the settlers, or they'd just come to a sad end. In fact, he told one man thathad b.een especially had for stealing that if he didn't quit it,he'd die. And he was a big strapping young healthy fellow, you know. The next time Brother came around, he had continued on, kind of in defiance of the warning he had got, and, well, it finally
 JONES PAGE 7occurred that Haskeroll's coming. He came in and wanted to see him, and he was just about on his last pins, and he was just about ready for the grave, and he wanted Brother Haskeroll to ask the Lord to take away that curse, or whatever it was.KB.: Well, I'll be darned. Huh.AJ: And so Brother Haskeroll told him he'd do what he could, but hedidn't promise him anything. But when old Frank, they called him, made a very strong promise that he wouldn't steal anymore, andthat he would help the Mormons and be friendly and do all he could to help them, well he got better and he lived for quite a few years after that, but he never was robust and healthy like he .had been before.KB: And, of course, the other Indians saw this--AJ: The other Indians had seen what it was--KB.: Yeah.AJ: And so they--the situation cleared up, and they got along finewith the people after that, and were very friendly. I heardmy father say a lot of times that he saw the Navajo tribe change from a warlike people to a very friendly and---?--- people.KB.: Now, when your party came, it was just ten or twelve years after the Navajos were released from Bosque Redondo where they had beenkept prisoners for four years. Was there any bitterness there?
 JONES PAGE 8AJ: Yes, there was when they first came. They were very bitter towards any white people. They just overcame that with their friendliness, and the settlers here knew why they were here. That was the purpose of their being here, and so, of course, they made a special effort to, you know, the feeling of friendship, peace among the Navajos--especially in the Utes too, but there was just a handful of theM, and they weren't much of a problem then. The troublewith them came later after--KB: Well, it's been said that the Navajo are very practical, pragmaticpeople, and they will only accept things from other cultures that will work for them. How did they accept the ways that you showedthem--that your people showed them, such as farming, or your religion? How did they accept this; did they really take it for their own?AJ: No.KB.: They didn't?AJ: No, they went on pretty well farming just like they had done. I'veb.een surprised, that's been one of the things that I've neverb.een ab.le to figure out hardly. They could see with their eyes -------ev-ery-d-a-y-t-he-b.-eau-t-i-f-u-l- g-a-r-cl-e-n-s-we-u-sáed-E-0-h-a-v-e-,-be-r-r-y patches,orchards of all kinds of fruits, you know, apples, and apricots, peaches, cherries, pears, everything like taht--beautiful corn
 JO NE S P AGE 9patches where we'd raise a hundred and f i f t y bushels of corn to an acre, and that, and they'd still go on and they still do right now. Without plowing the ground, they'll plant probably a quarter of a pound of seed in one hill, and about ten or twelve feet apart. They raise a bushel where they could just as well be raising many bushels, you know. But they have been ab.le to kind of help sustain themselves that way, and part of their culture has been to perpetuate this, what they do have, like goats, and sheep, and corn, squash, and things like that. They've beenable to cache seed, put it away in caves, under rocks and things,you know, where they always have something. They always have some corn, and it's the same corn they, their fathers grew a hundred years ago, you know. And they haven't changed, just the ones that are getting educated now, like those in that settlement up hy Shiprock along the river there. They've got orchards, and they have alfalfa fields, and they farm something like the White people do.KB..: Yes, I was surprised. It looks quite lush there after you come down out -of the mesas, and these fields of corn, and--AJ: Yeah, b.ut these around here, the other settlers just tried and tried. My father just tried to get them to send their children to school. He just never could get any success.
 JONES PAGE 10KB.: Were these your own schools here in Bluff and Blanding?AJ: Yeah, well, or course, it was mostly in Bluff, and once anda while, we'd get a child from one of the families right there close to Bluff, and send them to Shiprock to school. Shiprock in those days was about the only school they had.KB: Was this a BIA school?AJ: Yes, well, up until 1940, you could count on one hand all of theNavajo people that had really been out and got an education off from the Utah part of the reservation. And when I started towork for the Utah State Welfare Commission in 1957, I had a very serious prob.lem finding an interpreter that I could use to solve the problems that we had with the people that were on welfare. Since then I've seen the percentages change. On about, well,they had started to go to school before that. But in 1945, therewas less than three percent of the Navajo children on the Utah part of th.e reservation that was going to school. And, therewere, at the time I was retired in 1968, there was less than three percent that weren't in school--so--KB.: Ahout twenty years then?AJ: Just about. The percentages have changed. My dad, I heard himsay quite a few times, too, that they'd never be able to teach them to take care of th.emselves because they've never been able to teach them the Gospel until they was educated. That was the
 JONESPAGE llway he thought ab.out it. He was really for their being in school. He wanted Bluff turned into a Navajo school and for the white men to estab.lish a school there. When he died, he just plead with me to do all I could to see to it that there he a school for the Navajos put up there at Bluff. But, of course, the BIA's just didn't seem to be interested in these people around here at all. They--KB: They thought Shiprock was enough?AJ: Y eah.KB.: A nother boarding school?AJ: Uh huh. Along ab.out 1959, we had a prob.lem child here that hadb.een living with White people, and she had become incorrigible, and they just didn't have a place for her. There wasn't a place for her in the school here at Blanding in those days at all. She'd--s.he'd be twelve years old and in the first grade, and so they just didn't consider putting her in school here. So our director--County Welfare Director called the superintendent atWindow Rock, and made special arrangements for her to be put in school at Kayenta. When I got her down there, why the principal there at Kayenta refused to accept her. He said that being in Blanding, she belonged--or she should go to Shiprock. Of course, that had all been discussed between our director and the super-
 JONESPAGE 12intendant at Window Rock, but the principal still wouldn't take her. There's three schools there at Kayenta, another one at Dehnehotzo, another one at Chinle, another one at Teec Nos Pos,and then there were three schools at Shiprock. And we had a little old kindergarten, first grade school there at Aneth at that time, and something about the same out at Navajo Mountain. And that's all that the BIA had in Utah--but that close to where they hadall these big schools in Arizona, and New Mexico state. I was invited to a meeting--one meeting that they had with the educators from Salt Lake and from Window Rock, and well, even back fromWashington D.C. They held the meeting at Shiprock, and I brought that question up--I just wanted to know what--how it was thatthe Navajo people in Utah had been discriminated against thatway. And there wasn't anybody that could answer. I just showed them how the people, the Navajo people of Utah, really had been neglected as far as education was concerned. Of course, by then, and I think the result of that meeting--all that I said at thatmeeting, I think was what prompted them to set up that school that's down there---that they've got down there at Aneth now. And they set it up there in the wind-swept sand dune. But they havebeen putting forth a real effort to get the children in school, and when th.ey established that Intermountain School at B.righam City, they started sending a lot of the children from here up there. However, the BIA isn't entirely to blame. These neonle
 JONESPAGE 13in Utah have been quite hostile to the BIA. KB: Oh, they have?AJ: There's a man by the name of John Collier that was sent in, I guess, by the United States government to kind of regulate the grazing facilities on the reservation.KB.: Uh huh. The Sheep Reduction Program.AJ: And, or course, in order to do that, they had to take some quitedrastic steps, like they either just killed the sheep, goats, or else were having them sold some place. And, or course, thatjust created a terrihle feeling among the people towards the government. Anyw.ay, I guess these Navajo people on the Utahpart of the reservation, were among the very last minority groups in the United States to get an opportunity--a real opportunityto go to school. And, or course, they might have been largely responsib.le for it themselves. They were kind of opposed--kind of rebellious toward the government, or the people, or anybody forcing them to send their kids to school and that thing.KB: Now that the majority of them are educated, do you think thatwhat you father prophecied may come true? Now that they are educated, that they'll be able to manage to take care of themselves and accept the gospel?AJ: Uh huh. Yes, they're--we're having better success among the
 JONESP AGE 1 4KB::AJ:KB.:AJ:young people, especially with the Navajos in this area, than most any place in the country, I guess, as far as joining the church and accepting teaching.Well, what about taking care of themselves? Aren't quite a few of them on the welfare programs here?Yes, they are. There's an awfully lot of them who are taking training on different kinds.These training programs that ---?--- has set up?Yes, hundreds of the girls take Nurse's Aid training and different things like that, dental assistants, and different things. And then there's a lot of the men that are taking training in welding and mechanics and different things like that. It's altogetherdifferent, the picture is now from what it was when I started working in 1957, just altogether different.You don't feel that this welfare program is a self-perpetuatingthing where if your parents are on welfare, the children will growup and go on welfare, and feel they can make more money this wayKB.:than go out and--AJ: There's too many of the~, but you see, along about the time thatthey started going to school, they also started--the mothers started .going to the doctors and the hospitals. Where they were losing about six out of ten of their babies, now they're saving
 JONESPAGE 15about nine out of ten. There's a population explosion among them, and it's very common--very common for there to be goo healthy children in a family, and they run as high as 18 to the family.And it's--there's really--there are so many children now that there's just got--that they can see, everybody can see that there's got to be something done about getting them educated, and on to jobs. And there are a lot of them now that are coming out ofhigh school and which just started the schools in 1948 and '49. They've gone on. A lot of them have dropped out, of course, but there's a certain percentage of them that have gone on through college. And--KR: Do you find that these that have gone on to college will go back to the reservation, or will they find jobs in urban areas?AJ: They're finding jobs mostly off the reservation. But it is hoped that the tribe-they profess to be carrying a welfare program, and an educational program too. It is to be hoped that they'll takea lot of their young people that get their education.KB.:I've heard it said that those who are educated and go back to the reservation if you visit them in five or ten years that you couldn't he ab.le to tell that they'd ever been to college. They gob.ack to th.eir old ways. I guess it's called "going back to theb.lanket." Do you--AJ: Well, I don't know many of the college graduates that actually go
 JONESPAGE 16back with th.ein, but there's a lot of them that drop out before they get out of high school. These tech colleges and things like that-- they don't seem to have been too successful. They're just isolated cases that have turned out all right, but the big majority of them, the don't. If they haven't got a high school education, why they just--it seems like they don't make it very good in the trades.KB: Well, I suppose that's true even áof any other groups. Even our children, if they didn't finish high school, you know, they don't have much of a chance in the economic world.AJ: Since 1960, there has been a young Navajo that was born, right out on the reservation ab.out thirty miles straight south of Rluff.He started school at Teec Nos Pos, and he went to a school up in Oregon. Oh, what is the name of that?KB.: I can't remember. A boarding school?AJ: A boarding school. And he went right out of that into collegeat Eugene, Oregon, I believe it was. He graduated with a bachelor's degree for the college there. He really had a handicap. I didn't have a bit of trouble getting him on Blind Assistance. When I first contacted him, Dr. Oaks in Provo wrote me a letter and told meabout a young fellow by the name of George Layman that had come to him in Bluff, and he said that boy is well educated, he very capable, and all he needs is a chance for--
 JONES PAGE 17KB.: He was blind then?AJ: Yeah, and so I just didn't let anything stop me. I just---?---saw that letter, why just took- out after him. I got him in March of 1960, and I brought him into the office, and we put him on Blind Assistance to get started. And, of course, we had an opening for an interpreter. He worked out--of course, he worked out all right. He's pretty good. He's been with us ever since.KB: He's still in the office then?AJ: Still in the office, and he's a supervisor, and he has his Master'sDegree. He spent two years at the University of Utah after Ipicked him up down there.KB: Is this in Social Work--a master's in social workZAJ: Yes, uh huh. And b.oy h.e's--KB,: Uh, wouldn't that b.e a great example to these people that are comingin and just leaning on welfare to see that someone who not only was deprived culturally, but also handicapped, could learn to make it.AJ: I think it was 1963 that we took a girl--a Navajo girl in the office over there as a typist. She finished her--oh what do they call it? We11, business college, I guess, business course. And she's b.een with us ever since, except when she stopped to havebabies. She got married, and I think she has three babies now,
 JONES PAGE 18and I think she's in one of these other agencies now, Office ofCommunity Action, or something.KB: Uh huh. In one of the other BIA offices, maybe?AJ: Well, we've had a lot of girls take that nurse's aid training, andthey've, I think, had two or three of them working with the Utah State Health Dep~r-tment~- And there's Calvin Holiday who's been on welfare here pretty much ever since it started. He's been on some kind of project or another all the time, and worked. He used to help me a lot, go out with me as an interpreter. He hadn't had quite enough schooling. We just--we just couldn't make a caseworker out of him. But now, the last three or four years, he'sb.een working w;ith the Utah State Health Department on this. KB.: Oh, really.AJ: On this tuherculosis campaign. He goes right out on the reservation," right to the hogansá to the patients that need medication, you know, and he sees to it that they have medication all the time. Andthis has really done wonders about getting tuberculosis stampedout among these people.KB,: I know it used to be quite scourge for them.AJ: Th.ey weren't ab.le to get them to go out. Their efforts to getthem moved to a sanitarium has been a failure.KB..: Wouldn't they get 16.nely, and run away, and go hack home?
 JONES PAGE 19AJ: Yea, yea, well it just didn't work. And I believe this program has--there's--KB: Do they help them right in their homes then?AJ: Yea, yea, and having some of their own people that way doing it,it's really worked good. I know a lot of those people that way doing it, it's really worked good. I know a lot of those people who were expected to die--they'd been out and had operations, you know, one thing and another. They brought them out of it.KB: Tsn't there one who has done--who has done a lot of work with the TB, and got the Freedom Award from President Kennedy, I believe, for some of her work, among the peopleZAJ: Uh huh, yeah, that's right. But we don't see much of her, or her efforts down here, see.KB.: Yeah.AJ: This has all come from the--Kn.: Just in Utah?AJ: Utah Health Department. But it's been--it's really been a greatthing. They've been bringing that mobile X-ray down here now for the last, oh, eight or nine years, I guess. And, people have responded to that. They've cooperated.KB.: From what I understand--AJ: And by having these representatives from among their own people
 JONESPAGE 20KR:AJ:KB,:AJ:that can go out among them.Uh huh. You think that works the best, then to have their own people go among them.Yes, these nurse's aids have done a lot, too, like going right out and helping with the medication.How do you feel aliout teachers? Now, if it's b.etter to have Health Department officials and legal officials that are Navajo, since education is so critical and crucial, wouldn't it be best that the Navajos themselves he the teachers?Yes. There's quite a few Navajo girls teaching now, too. There are not as many men as there should be that qualify for teaching, but there's lots of them that have been working on this Headstart Program, you know, and, well, there have been several Navajo teachers--certified teachers working here in the--In the public schools?In the public schools, and down at Montezuma Creek, yeah.KB.:AJ:KR: ---?-~ I know I ¥¥ I visited the Sherman Institute, and I met some---?--- hoarding school in Riverside. And it's so hard for the Anglo teachers, the new ones, to adjust to the Navajo students, or any other trio.es. B.ut they get so frustrated b.ecause they seem so apath.etic.KB:: The white people you mean?
 JONES PAGE 21AJ: No, the teachers get frustrated, and consequently there's a big turnover in teachers. But there are many, many dedicated oneswho have stuck it out, and they--they just love these people,and take them home with them. -There's one thing about it I've noticed in my experience. Anybody, whether they're White or whether they're Navajo, if they get a chance to work with these young people in the capacity of a teacher, or a nurse, or anything like that, why, they--I notice they just fall in love with them.KB: Oh, I know. I wanted to take them home with me, especially the little ones, you know. I've never seen such--such darling babies. They're just, oh, you want to squeeze them.AJ: If you let their interest at heart and are working for theirgood and for their advancement, why, you just can't help but love them. If you're there to exploit them, then of course, you'll learn to hate them.KB: And they hate you. I know I have run across, unfortunately a very militant angry young Navajo man who is educated and who worked inthe DNA offices at the Chapter House in Shiprock. He was very antagonistic against White people, and -he told me so quite frankly. And yet, I asked him, I said, "Just how can we help those of uswho are truly interested? Would you rather we just ignored you?" And this is the problem. I've come across so many who are trying
 JONES PAGE 22to resolve this. So many white people that want to genuinely help, and yet they've come across a barrie;. A lot of the young onessay that they are very rebellious and, and bitter. Have you had any experience with this?AJ: Yes. You mean the young people?.KB.: Yes, I--I'm talking about, for instance, Michael Benson, the youngman who wrote the pamphlets against the Gallup Ceremonial Dances, saying that this was just to exploit the Indians. The gentlemanI talked to was Fred Johnson, and he was a court advocate. He wasworking with Navajos on their legal problems. And--AJ: It's not this Fred Johnson that lives right here on our part of thereservation?KB.: No, this is in Shiprock.AJ: Y eah.KB.: You know, and it's upsetting to see that many of the young onesare very bitter. They--they feel much like the black people do,I suppose, now, and they would be akin to the Black Panther movement,mayb.e. AJ: Y eah.KB.: The black m ilitants, and--AJ: Yeah, and this is what they call Red Power. That's quite a threatto the young people. But from what I can understand, what I've seen
 JONESPAGE 23KB:AJ:and heard myself, they're--that movement isn't getting much support right around here. They're--It's not?They're pretty well set against that. There are not many of them that's taking to it.KB: Uh, you mentioned that you worked with Calvin Holiday in the mining and prospecting, and I don't want to get too much into that area, but for a while, you were more or less an employer. Were you, orwas he just working with you?AJ: When we were--when we were actually prospecting you mean? You see,the White man didn't--they had regulations out of the office inWindow Rock that a White man couldn't locate claims on the reservation in his name. The claims had to be located in the name of the Navajos,you see.KB.: And how long ago was this?AJ: This was in 1950, when I was--KB.: Right, right around the boom, then.AJ: Yeah, that was when the boom was on. And that's how I was operatingand working. We went out and actually located a lot of the claims. We'd go and there's a certain formation where that ore would be found, see, and we'd go and get samples and bring them in, andtry them out on the geiger counter. If we got any results, we'd
 JONES. PAGE 24go back and locate the claim. We located about fifteen, I think.. it was fifteen claims, where there was a showing of uranium. But my prospecting venture, as far as I was concerned, and Calvin, itwas all pretty much of a failure. We located the claims, and we got them recorded and everything was in order, but I didn't have the capital to start any operations of any kind. I didn't have it. We figured, you know, that if we found something that was good enough, why, we'd just turn it over to one of these companies that was mining. But we didn't. We just didn't find anything that was--that showed up good enough. There's a few of the claims that we located that were several years later developed, and quite a bit of ore taken out. On the overall, we just didn't have a claim that was feasible to operate.KB: Now were these claims--uh, you mentioned that they couldn't be in your name. Did you place them in Calvin's name then?AJ: Yes.KB.: And that's why he went along with you?AJ: It had to be in his name, but we had to have the name of someresponsible person that knows something about mining. And so wehad Haritus (_?) Shumway, you haven't met him, I guess, yet. KB.: No, not yet.AJ: He's an uncle, a great uncle of Gary's and he was the one that was
 JONESP AGE 2 5KB.:helping us out, getting the papers all fixed up. He was an old prospector for years. He and his brothers are responsible fornearly a hundred per cent of the mines that have really been developed and panned out. But 1--I just lost about a year, year and a halfof my time, and ahout five hundred dollars in expenses that I putinto it--the reservation part of my mining experience.Did you--at this time did you have to post bonds with the Tribal Councils? And--AJ: No, we had the--that is, we would have had to have done that if we had actually started to--KB: To mine?AJ: To mine and develop any of--KB.: Oh, I see.AJ: --the claims.KB.: But just to stake a claim, you didn't have to. AJ: No.KB.: Post a bond?AJ: No, no,á everything was in his name, so there just wasn't any-- KB: Uh huh, Y,ou mean you'd be partners if anything came out of it? AJ: Yeah. Well, we just had to depend on the honesty of the Navajo,you see. But because my prospecting was a failure, that doesn't mean that all the prospecting on the reservation was a failure
  JONESPAGE 26KB:because it wasn't. There's quite a few mines that were found and developed, and worked and--thousands and thousands of dollars were taken out from some of those mines.Now, as a man who has been so long associated with the Navajo and has seen them develop as a tribe, as an individual, how do you feel that the revenue that has come about from the uranium royalties and also oil--how do you feel that this has affected the tribe and the Trib.al Council?AJ: Well, it sure has been a big>help---toá::thern. They've been able to carry on quite an extensive program for higher education among their people. They've done quite a bit in that. And then, healthKB.:wiie, they've b.een able to--of course, most of the health programs are financed by th.e BIA, I guess.Have you seen any instances of where Navajos have gone in and worked for mills or mining companies, and gone from raising sheep for twenty dollars a month or so, and gone and become wage earners and doubled the new money in a week. How has this affected them? Doyou think they've been--they've been able to adjust themselves tothe sudden influx of income?AJ: Some of them have done fairly well, but they've--they just don'tknow how to handle money. The big idea that each one of them has is to earn anough to make the down payment on a car. Now, I'm
 JONESPAGE 27KB.: AJ:speaking of the one's that aren't educated. They cone off th~ reservation and get a job, and there's a lot of them that do it,too. There are really quite a few of them that go out and getgood jobs. They can. They're physically able. They're robust,and they're strong, muscular, and they can work. A lot of them will work. But they're still influenced to quite an extent by the old culture of taking off from their job, or anywhere, and going towhat we call a squaw dance, or a ceremonial of some kind, and that's been their hig trouble. They just can't stay on the job and, you know, do satisfactory service because they have to go back home, back to their culture, and so on. And when they get back, why, whenthey get back there, why, then it's hard for them.To come back again?To get back when they're suppose to and get on the job. And, of course, they have quite a hard time keeping a job on that account.KB: Do you think it's any better if they're working mines or in mills that are on the reservation? Do you think that that helps at all?AJ: Yes, there was some mines in the old Jato area that belonged to individual Navajos, just like if one of Calvin's claims would have developed into something good, you know, and if they'd have gotto producing ore out of one of those claims, why, Calvin would have-- it would have been possible for him to have gotten a thousanddollars a month, or something like that, you know, in royalty, off
  JONESPAGE 28of the mine. That's what s.ome of them did. They found some claims and mines that were good.Can you recall any of the names of these people?Seth B,eedman is one.KB:AJ:KB.:AJ:KB.: Uh huh. Are there any others?AJ: The old Jato area, that's all. I just can't remember the names ofSeth Beedman? Y es.some of those others.KB.: Well, that's all right. What would they do with this money? Suchas Seth Beedman, what did he do with it?AJ: That's what I'd like to know. They'd waste a big share of it, Iknow, this man did, on automobiles--pick-ups mostly, and he wentto drinking. I don't know how many people he killed in automobiles, you know, just wrecked from drunk driving. And as near as I could see, he just didn't get much good out of his money.KB.: You don't know how he spent the money?AJ: I just don't know what he did--just what did happen to it. He wasliving in a hogan the last time I saw him. Where he just as well could have had a mansion. Uh, I don't know whether he has yet. I haven't been around much the last--around him. I haven't been around where he was for the last six or eight years, I guess. I
  JONESPAGE 29KB.:don't know just what he's doing only what I've heard in snatches here and there, you know. I'd say that they weren't qualifiedto handle money in large sums like that. I don't know of one that has.Well, then it's prob.ably just as well that these revenues and royalties are invested within the Tribal Council, instead of doled out individually like other tribes would receive their royalties, youknow. Each member of the tribe gets a percentage of the royalties,and that's it's just spend in such a short period of time, unwisely. AJ: Uh, it's too -had that there's too big of a percentage of welfare money that gets into the hands of these people that goes for old cars. They just don't get any good out of it at all. And therewas--there was some of the people in this Aneth area who won acase in court against the Division of Grazing-it's the BLM now. Some of the folks got several thousand dollars that should have gone to buy food and clothing, you know, all the necessities of life. And instead, there was ninety--over .ninety percent of it that went for cars. Of course, just in a few months time, the carswere gone. Well, were administering welfare to these same families, and we had to count that money that they got as income, and yetthey didn't get a penny's worth of good out of it, in many cases, you see. It went down the drain, you might say, with the--for the
  JONESPAGE 30old cars.KB.: Uh, isn't it true that when they had these training program, theywere getting ten cents a mile to pay for their transportation to come into these training programs, and many of them would sign up just for the ten cents a mile. They'd figure, well, they'd travel fifty miles a day, they'd make five dollars. And they,you know, added that up, and at last they could make a down paymenton a truck. Have you found that to be true?AJ: Yeah, there might not be as many cases as might be indicated, butfliere woula-oe cases                                  KB.: Well, then, overall, what would your opinion be on the influencesfrom the revenue from the uranium industry on the tribe and on the individuals? Do you think it's overall for the good, or weren't they ready for it yet, or--?AJ: Well, when it comes right down to it, I don't know too much about just where that money does go that they get. The tribe--the whole tribe gets sixty-two and a half percent of the whole royalties from the reservation lands. Well, they get--1 guess they'd get a hundredpercent for everything except what's on this Aneth--what's knownas the Aneth Extension. At the time the Aneth Extension was givento the reservation--to the Navajos, the governor of the state ofUtah stipulated that thirty-sáeven and a half percent of the royalties
 JONESP AGE 3 1on all oil and gas and minerals was to he reserved by the stateof Utah to be used for the benefit for the people residing on this area, meaning the Aneth Extension, and also the Paiute Strip, and-- for the Aneth Extension area. Well, of course, there wasn't anyof them that was about to move back across the river or anywhereelse from where they were. And so they never did. And, of course, now they've made 0th.er arrangements. They've enlarged the boundaries of the reservation to take in all of those people that were in trespass, you might say.KB.: I'd like to digress a little bit, and ask you if, way back whenyour parents were settling, if they had any communication with any of the traders that were at the trading posts and the Indian traders that were in th.e area such as John Wetherill in Kayenta, and--AJ: Yes.¥K.B.: And any others. They did?AJ: They did. My dad and John Wetherill were very good friends. AndJohn Wetherill stayed at our place many times when I was a kid,I remember--he and his Mrs. Wetherill. Uh, also there was officials, the BIA agents--Herbert Redshaw was an agent that had his headquarterswhere the Aneth Trading Post is now. And, the Superintendent ofthe northern part of th.e reservation used to come by our placequite a hit. Shelton, I can't remember his first name, or initials.
 JONES P AGE 3.1KB: These were just about all the outside contacts the connnunity had for a while, weren't they?AJ: Yeah.KB.: You say--you say you were fairly isola~ed up here in the heginning? AJ: Yes. Well, we did improve some roads into the settlements inColorado and New Mexico. In fact, my father and quite a few of the men there, those very first few years were able to get work up there in around Mancas and Durango and the settlements out there, and they did. Some of th.e men would go out and work, and send money hack to the ones that couldn't go--work. They had to kindof cooperate like2that. KB: ---?--AJ: ---?--- And of course, they were able to--after the first year, they were able to rais.e quite a b.it of their food, and stuff likeáthat, you know, their own produce. And it got to where they could trade and sell, and of course their livestock was a means for a living. While it wasn't--they didn't have prices, and anything like we've got now, but a dollar was worth a dollar in those days.KB..: Yeah, they made a good one.AJ: They'd save a nickel.KB.: Did the Mormon community ever trade with the Indians? Were youever able to have a trading post with the Indians, too?
 JONES P AGE 3 2AJ: Oh, yes. Right. We had the old Co-op store right in the centerof town and it--and it was on one corner of the block, like thisis the north side of this block, and the store is there. Our house w;as here. My dad was th.e manager of that store for nearly all of the time that I can remember it.KB.: Oh, really?AJ: And, oh., there's people Navajo people come from far and near. Therewas never a night in the world if there wasn't somebody camped right there in this--there was a yard here around the store, and they could--and they stayed.KB.: They'd sleep out there?AJ: Yeah, they'd s.leep out there. Sometimes they'd have a tent; sometimesthey'd have a b.lanket fixed up over some poles to protect them from the weather. And they had apole fence there where they could tie their horses, and we always had hay. I guess we sold them thousands of dollars worth of hay--KB.: My g o s h .AJ: --for th.eir horses at nights. KR: Could your fa th.er speak l'Iavaj o? AJ: Yes.¥KB.: He could?A,Já: He was. one of the-of cours.e, h.e didn't really have a mastery of the
 JONESP AGE3 3language, but then he had pas.sab.le knowledge.KB_: I understand it's very difficult language to master.AJ: He was.--this B.ishop Jens Nielson called him his interpreter allthe time. That was about the day that those hundred warriorscame into town, he did all the--all the--KB: Oh, your father had to do all the talking?AJ: All the talking hetween--KB: Well, you must have a lot of memories from those days--thingshappening. Of course, that's what we want to get down. Justthink that would be lost, you know, if they're not gotten now.AJ: Uh, I was brought up to highly respect and actually love those people.My Dad, he says, "I don't want to go to anyplace in the hereafter that would be better than s.ome of my Navajo friends des.erve." That's the way h.e felt about them.KB.: Genuinely loved them. That's really remarkable. How fortunate the Navajos were to have people like that, come in and introduce them to White civilization. Think how terrible it would be if some of these other representatives v1ould have come here instead.AJ: In a way, it was. kind of a handicap to them. They come to expect a little too much. from the people without paying for it, a lotof them. And th.e settlers, mayhe if they had been harder boiled and that, they might have got them stirred up some way so they
 JONESPAGE 34KB: AJ:they wanted education, or wanted to better their situation. But for generations. they had lived just, more or less, from hand tomouth, you know, and they lived without responsibility just from one day to the next.And you think that's just till just recently?If someway they could have stirred them up to where they wanted to better their condition and get an education and that, but it didn't seem like it worked that way. They just wasn't interested. They just thought that the white man should learn their language anddo their--well, kind of wait on them.In fact, I know some people that feel that the Navajo are stillthat way, in respect to the welfare program, for instance. They s.till expect to he taken care of, and there's such a lot of sentiment for the Navajo and the Indian as a whole that pressure is put tokeep them provided for.KB.:AJ: I was working in the World's Fair---?---KB.: That's ---?---AJ: Y ou'll work this over and--KB.: Yes, you can edit it. We'll send it to you and you can edit it;s.trike out anything you want.AJ: We made a mistake--a terrible mistake when we started this EmployableProgram. The federal government foisted it on to us all in a hurry,
 JONES PAGE 35and we weren't set up to take care of it at all. And we actually started giving out some of those checks before they did any type ofwork on any project. I'm talking about the able-bodied men and that was a terrib.le, terrible mistake because they didn't think--many of them told me, "That's our money. They wouldn't have given it to us if it wasn't ours. That's ours and we don't need to work for it."KR: Oh, I see. They couldn't see the connection that was there as wages.AJ: Yeah, that really, I had trouble with it and we will till the last dollar come. We had trouble with that part of it because we gave them that money when they didn't earn it. And they got th.e idea that they had a right to get it. They got the idea that it was their money, that they didn't have to work for it. They'd cometo it from Washington, and it was theirs. They could do whatthey wanted to with it, and they didn't need to work for it. Therewas a big percentage of them that had that idea, and a lot of themstill have.KB,: They prob.ably think that you're holding back from them now. Well,of course, I suppose that many who are on welfare feel the sameway ab.out their welfare checks--that it's due them. AJ: Yeah.
 JONES PAGE 36KB: Especially if their parents had welfare.AJ: I've always felt that anyone that was disabled, or old, and unableto earn their living, were entitled to it. Now with the idea that their having it, well it's, it's incorporated in this program that President Nixon is asking for now. A family that's earning undera certain level is. entitled to welfare payments. I've always felt that a family-á-you take a lot of these Navajo men who are responsible for--well, intent to---?---(Side two of tape)KB.: You were--you wer2 saying, then, that some of these Navajo men areresponsihle for--any of the ten or sixteen members of the family. AJ: Yes, according to the welfare standards, if they were going to he able to live on the same plane as the, say, the average American.Well, not having steady employment, and good johs, and good pfff, th2~e are some of these families that would be entitled to around six ot seven hundred dollars a month, at the very least, because of the numbers in their families. Now, my son is a diabetic, and even thought he finishe_d technical training and he became an electronics technician, TV and radio repairman, he was unable to fina a placeanywhere he's tried that he could make a living. And you get the big companies. like Sperry-Rand or--uh oh what's some of these companies?
 JONES PAGE 37KB.: Yeah, I know who you mean.AJ: Oh, Kennecott Copper, and different ones. As soon as th.ey found outthat he had diahetes, why, they just wouldn't hire him at all. And he's b.een unahle to make a living at his profession. So here in'67, they were living out in Farmington, New Mexico, and he'd b.een trying to make a living at TV and radio work. He got behing sofar that they just couldn't go on, so they made arrangements and had him go hack to BYU. In the spring of '69, he finished withhis bachelor's in social science, and there was an opening here up at--I had been retired here the year before, and there was still an opening, so he went to work here in the welfare office. And he's--he's making something over five hundred dollars a month, you know. But he needed a home, and so when they figured everything all up, why h.e was entitled to more than that. So that if he'dwanted to, he could have still been on welfare, see. But instead of that, they allowed him to build a home and someway, hewas able to get a--b.ecause of being in this low bracket and he had six children, see so they allowed him to get a government loan from the FHA on a king of a--oh, what do they call it? Well, it wasa needy baE>is anyway. He was put in th.e class of the needy families, see so that he was ahle to get a loan, and he's got himself a good house now because his income was belowá where it should b.e. Well,now I've seen the same thing--should apply to these people some way.
 JONESPAGE 38KB:AJ:KB: AJ: KB: AJ: KB.:Don't they do it?Well, the way they put the program is that about three hundred dollars is as much as any family can get, you see.From welfare?From welfare.Even if they have ten children?Y eah.Hrnmm. But can't they get the same loan to build homes? It seemsthat they pay awfully high rents out here. And, it would just be more to their interest and benefit to take the extra welfare money in this manner. Or aren't they interested in having a better home --- ?--- or would they rather have the money?AJ: Well, the only employment that these folks could accept, that they're prepared for, or trained for--they'd have to move out, see. Andyou take a man and his wife with, say, ten children, which is very corrnnon and they'd have to go out just for a season to work in the beet fields, or in the carrot fields, berry picking, or cherry picking, tomatoes, or something like that, you know. That's theonly kind of work they'd have. There's some mining jobs, you know, and they're year round, but they are very few in comparison, you know.KB:: But even some--would the mine operators hire the Navajo with his
 JONESP AGE 3 9AJ:reputation of not being very dependab.le or very amb.itious?Well, that's it. There are some Navajos that have made a success of it. They are making a success of it. There's--! know several boys that were raised--born and raised right around that are on their own. They go out there and they keep up their jobs, and they--they do it. They're successful.Do you know their names?Jimmy--Jinnny Manheimer. There's one.KB.:AJ:KB.: And he's Navajo?AJ: He's a Navajo. And I think they have six kids now. And I believehe's heen on that one job now for six years.KB:.: Is he working for--is he mining for a compahy, or is he on his own? AJ: Yes, he's mining for a company. It's one of--in fact, I think it'sUnion Carbide. Well, there's others.KK: Uh huh. If I got in touch with him~ he could probably tell me.But there are some that will then buildsup a reputation for beinggood steady workers. AJ: Y es.KB~: Then you'd think that the main problem of the Navajos in these areas is that there are just--there just aren't any jobs for which they're qualified yet?AJ: Yeah_, there's just--áthere's not enough jobs for them--jobs, that is,
 JONES PAGE 40year round jobs so that they could maintain themselves, you know. KB.: Why would they come to Blanding? What prompts them to leave thereservation if so many are always drawn back home? Why do theycome?AJ: Well, there's nothing on the reservation for them, see.KB.: And nothing here either.AJ: The only thing there is, is a little goat, or sheepherd camp.They live in family communities, you know. I guess--have you been out among the---?--- You've seen how they live. They've got several houses or hogans in one group, and that is the way it is. There'll be all their relatives in the area, and in other places there'll be another group maybe, and maybe they'll be related to ---?--- that'll b.e a little closer relation to---?--- something. They're pretty strong on those family ties, you know, that draw them together, and they know that if they lose their job, they can go_ _ _ _ _ _ __,_,a-G-k-t-h-e--r--e-an-d- t-h.e.-)l-can-Sti--1-1-----eat....______Th.ey_ g_ot sheep and goat meat there. But the time is coming when there won't be anything likethat farm to go hack to, that is, for all of them. There's just getting to b.e too many. Now, you see, for instance, one time I went into a hogan kind of early one morning, and there were eighteenpeople sleeping in that one hogan. And they all belonged there. It was a family.
 JONES P AGE 4 1KB: They didn't want visitors.AJ: But a lot of them were little kids, you know. Well, that was tenyears ago. Now those little kids. are grownups. A lot of them have two or three or four or five kids. Now, where are they going to go,where are they going to fit in? If they're out some place, andwant to come back, where--how are they going to fit back into that same place there? There'd be--they'd likely be thirty at least of them. Those that were there, those eighteen that were there and their offspring, there'd he thirty or forty of them now. And that's the way it would he all-just all over everywhere there. So you can see that there hasn't been anything for them. That's why there isn't anything there for them to go back to, see?KB.: Well, if the Council is bringing in all these revenues, sixty-two and a half percent of all these royalties, why can't they set upa welfare program of their own, and take care of their own people?AJ: Did that ever work?KB: I know they a ten day a month work program that would guaranteeeach adult male--but--AJ: Well, one time they run--they paid this huge police force they'vegot to buy vehicles for them, and you can see where a lot of that sixty-two percent would go right there. And what other organizations do they have? That police force alone, you see, would use an awful
 JONES P AGE 4 2lot of money. They--KB: Do they take care of their own legal problems on the reservation? AJ: They what?KB.: Do they take care of their own legal problems on the reservation? AJ: Yeah.KB.: In other,words, do they have their own judges.AJ: They have their own judges and attorneys and everything.KB: Uh huh. And so if a Navajo committed a crime on the reservation,it would b..e taken care of within the reservation, and-- AJ: Yeah.¥KB:: And the state police wouldn't be called, or federal police? AJ: Yeah, that's--I got in on some of the court cases. We had awoman in for fraud on--she was on welfare and she was drawingsocial security, too, and she wouldn't tell us about the social security that she was getting, so we had a fraud case. We foundout that the Navajo judge was the--he was the judge, the prosecuting attorney, and the jury besides the judge.KB.: What would happen to an Anglo who got in trouble on the reservation? AJ: Uh, a White man?KB..; Uh huh¥AJ: Yes.KB.: He would? AJ: Youhet¥