  ESTHER SOMERVILLE Moab, Utah Tape No. 46An interview by Steve Guttman August 11, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsTeacher. . . 1 4 .10 ¥13 .15 .16Background as a SchoolJob as Recorder.Claims..... .Job as Recorder.Uranium Boom and Moab.People of Moab. . . .Uranium Boom and Moab . . . .17 Disadvantages of Uranium Boom ¥20 Schools . . ¥20 Post Office. .21 Other Counties . . .24
 THIS I S AN INTERVIEW WITH ESTHERCOLORADO PLA TEAU URANIUM INDUSTRYAUGUST 1 1 , 1 9 7 0 I N MOAB, UT AH. THE INTER VIEWER I S STEVE GUTTMAN.SG: As an introduction to the tape, would you give us some background on yourself as to when you first became recorder, how long you've been in Moab, and things like this?ES:I've lived in Grand County all my life. I've lived in Moab and on ranches near Moab ever since I was married in 1923. I was a school teacher before I married and after my children were old enough to go to school, I had a job with the local school board as teacher of the study hall, which was in the public library. After my children were out of school, I didn't think I'd want to work in public jobs anymore. I just wanted to work at home. But on account of war years and the scarcity of people to help out, I was practically drafted to come in and help the recorder in October 1953 after Mr. Steen had his lucky find. For one year I was deputy recorder, and then I was elected. Since that time I've served four four-year terms.SG: Besides being study hall teacher, have you taught any other subjects in the schools here?ES: Yes, I taught grade school out in the country where I had all of the grades from one through eight.SOMERVILLE FOR THE PROJECT CONDUCTED ON
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1SG: How many kids were in the school?ES: W ell, usually about ten. W ouldn't be more than abouttwo in the fourth grade and two in the seventh grade,or something like that.SG: Where was this school located?ES:One school I taught in this county was what they called the Pace Ranch. It's Bill McCormick's ranch now up in Castle Valley. One school was on my Father's ranch on the River Bottom Homestead about five miles east of Cisco. It was called the Campbell School. Some of the pupils that went to that school were my brother and two sisters.Did you have any trouble getting to the schools, especially in the winter with the roads in this area? No. I lived in a house close enough so that we walked to school. We didn't have any problem getting to school. We wore overshoes. If there was snow, we just started a little earlier. Sometimes there was quite a lot of mud too.SG:ES:SG: What kind of problems were there in teaching all of the grades in one classroom?ES: Well, there wasn't a lot of problems. I think there were a lot of advantages. I think the younger pupils learned a lot of the answers to the questions in the older class because they became interested and they2
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #11istened. I guess there's problems. We just 1ived with them. I think that one-room schools have quite a lot of advantages for children, young children anyway. Now they ride, oh, up to fifty miles on a bus and spend two or three hours in a consolidated school, and then the bus isn't going to go until four o'clock in the afternoon. Those children aren't supervised and they aren't taken care of like they should be. That's one thing that I think was a real advantage of the smaller schools. The beginners and being disadvantaged now by these long rides. They leave their home before daylight in the wintertime, and they don't get home until dark at night. Their transportation is good, but the time that they're away from the school and without teacher supervision or their parents, that isn't good.SG: So back in this one school house there was closer supervision than there is now?ES: Oh much, much closer. The children didn't have hours and hours away from the parents or the teacher. They were supervised all the time. They were associated with the teacher or their parents.SG: I imagine you got to know your students quite well too?ES: Yes. Yes.3
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1SG: Have you taught at all in one of the consolidatedschools?ES: Well, I taught in Salt Lake in the Douglas School,the second grade. The schools weren't as consolidated then as they are now; that is, children weren't bussed long distances, and people hadn't thought by that time of having race problems or mixing them up or anything like that. I lived close to the Douglas School. It was more a community than a consolidated school, really.SG: What are the requirements of the recorder's job? What are the duties that you have to perform?ES: We have to accept properly prepared papers for recording from anyone that brings them in. And we collect the fee in advance. The fees are set by the state legislature. It's two dollars for the firstpage and a dollar for additional pages, plus a fee if there _are extra granters, grantees or abstracting. For example, what I have here is granter and it¥s deeded to Texas Gulf Sulphur, so there's no extra fee on that. It's just two dollars; one page. It's fifty cents for abstracting an instrument that has extra land descriptions. I don't have one of those around here. Sometimes it looks like the fee is really unfair, but it isn't. These are the tract books where4
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1we abstract descriptions. That's another part of thejob where there's a lot of physical work of lifting those books and finding the different pages, and, of course, putting them away again. We accept the paper for recording; then we enter it in that book: and then we index it. If it's a deed, we index it. I was preparing to index these deeds in this granter of deeds. Then there's another book, the grantee, and weindex them in the grantee. Then we open the book where the property is described. This one is in the subdivision. So we take this book and index in the proper place in that book. Then we put it on microfilm. It's really recorded when that's done. We hold these papers until then. We don't process the microfilm. We send it to Eastman in Salt Lake. When the film comes back and we know that we have a good copy, then I mail these papers back to whoever had them recorded, or whatever instructions I had to have them returned. That's the process of recording. All of the fees and all of the things that we do are set up by the legislature, and we just can't change and do it a different way, or have an inspiration that there's a better way. Having it microfilmed had to be approved by the state legislature. It hasn't beenapproved very long.5
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1SG: So they watch your job pretty closely for you?ES: Yes. We don't set any policy or anything like that.When we take the oath of office, we swear to uphold the law. That's the promise we make, to uphold the law. The law for our office is the rules and regulations of how we have to do it.SG: Do the fees collected go into the general fund for the county?ES: Yes. I turn it into the county. I think a part of it is allocated. I don't know hardly how they do it, but it's state controlled. If we make or try to make any kind of a deal with someone who wants something recorded for anything less than the fee, I understand that the state can sue the county to recover the fee that they lost. Even the commissioners can't change the fee that's set by the legislature.SG: So the state gets some of these funds?ES: I'm sure that they do.SG: Do you know if some of these funds are allocated forcertain areas, you know, if they can only spend it oncertain types of items?ES: It must be. But I'm not familiar with the process andprocedure of the tax commission.SG: About how long did it take you to learn the procedureof being a recorder?6
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1ES:I feel like I learned it pretty well in the year that I was deputy recorder. That would be the year of 1954. I started working here in October of '53, and worked under Mrs. Dalton. She was a real good recorder, and the records were in real fine shape. I feel like I learned pretty well most of the procedure during those fourteen months. Then I was elected recorder in November of '54. The first part of '55 was the first part of my term as actual recorder.Mrs. Dalton decided not to run for re-election. Is that why you ran?Yes. She wanted to retire.Is the job a partisan one or is it nonpartisan?Yes, it's partisan. I have to declare politics and run for election. This is an election year.So you're up for re-election again?Y es.I understand most of this county is Republican. Yes. I'm a Democrat.Does that cause you any special problems?SG:ES: SG: ES:SG:ES:SG:ES:SG:ES: I've had opposition. I've been elected four times,and I have had opposition for the last two election and will again in this election. Yes, it makes problems.SG: Are there any other Democrats that hold office in 7
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1 this county?ES: I don't believe there are county officers right now. The man who is chief of police is a Democrat, and he is running for sheriff this year on the Democratic ticket. Dan Holyoke who was a commissioner at one time is a Democrat and is running for a two-year commissioner on the Democratic ticket. It seemed like maybe there was someone else. Oh, Marvin Somerville, a nephew of my husband's is running. They're not against each other. One's for the four-year commission term, and the other's for the two-year.SG: What reason do you give for this county being so heavily Republican?ES: I really don't know. I think that most people are what their parents were on the political party. I never had declared any politics until I had to say one way or the other to file for this office. My parents were Democrats and my husband's parents were Democrats. My husband's uncle Jim Somerville used to be the sheriff, and he was elected on a Democratic ticket. I don't think there are any very strong convictions one way or the other. It's more who youassociate with, like your parents or partner'sparents.SG: Do you think most of the people here vote the party,8
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE # 1or do they vote individuals?ES: I believe for the local offices they vote for individuals. Oh, there are a few that say, "Why, I would never vote for a Democrat. I have never votedfor a Democrat in my life," like it would be something traitorous. But most people say, "When I vote for these local offices, I vote for the person. I vote for the person that I think will do the best job." That's what a lot of them say. In these offices, we have to do the work just according to the way the law is set up. We can't set any policy. Really, what your politics are doesn't make any difference. The only place it makes any difference is in getting votes.SG: Right. What kind of issue would a campaign for a recorder revolve around then, given that you can't set any policy? What kind of things would be discussed?ES: Well, my main point now, I think, is my record, that I have a good record here, a record of service. I'm not aware of anything scandalous, you might say, thathas clouded anything about me giving good service in this courthouse, in this job, not personal or public or any other way. I don't think anything has happened that has detracted in any way from me doing my duty9
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1here. I haven't been away. I haven't been absent from office, nor have I had a long illness or poor health. I lost my husband during my first term, soon after I was elected the first time. I always felt real grateful for the job for more than one reason, for still being a little bit important and having contact between me and part of the public anyway. I think you meet the very best people in the recorder's office anyway.SG: So you found it a very rewarding job?ES: Yes. I have been surprised that the prospectors wholocate claims and bring in location notices are so well informed of that. They are a fine section of people. They're well informed and they're gentlemen.SG: Do you have to do any checking when they file these location notices?ES: No. No, that isn't my responsibility. A location notice, in a way, is a statement, a claim, practically under oath, that they have complied with the law. Mostly I don't think that they want to make a claim like that and have it recorded if it's false.Of course, sometimes a claim overlaps or interferes with someone else's claim, and mostly these people that are doing this locating, they don't want trouble with other people. They get together and straighten10
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1it out. One quits the claim, or they settle it to their mutual satisfaction.SG: Are you in charge of the assessment work that is supposed to be done each year to keep a claim active? ES: Just that it's recorded in my office. I don't have to do anything about telling them to do it or really knowing that they do it. But that, too, is a signed statement that they have done the work and intend to hold their claim. We're getting in a lot of those right now. The deadline for them is the last day of August, August thirty-first. So we're getting inquite a lot of proof of labor now.SG: Do most of them wait to the very end to do it?ES: No, quite a lot were trained in the old school whenit had to be in by the first of July, so along in June we start getting in a lot of proof of labor. Since '57, I think it was, they don't have to be recorded until the first of September, so that leaved June, July, and August. All three of those months are quite busy with proof of labor.SG: I understand there has been quite a rise and fall in the number of these things that are filed each year.ES: Yes, there has been. In 1954, we recorded 14,323 location notices; and in '55 there were 15,305. That11
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1was during the boom years.SG: What are you doing now, approximately?ES: Well, in 1970 we haven't recorded very many. Ihaven't totaled it up, but--SG: It's a little over three hundred?ES: That's all.SG: Has it been running around that figure for the lastcouple of years, or is this low?ES: It's lots lower. In '69, we recorded 5,113; in '68there were 6,687; and in 167 we had 6,000. But now it's dropped again. That was April. I think that we have had a few location notices in August, about 27, I believe.SG: So you probably won't even hit a thousand this year? ES: No, I don't think so.SG: By just looking at the volume in the recorder'soffice, you can pretty well tell what state theuranium business is in.ES: Yes, it's kind of a barometer for the situation.SG: I imagine during the late 1950s, it was also kind ofslow?ES: Yes, it was. In 1956 we filled nine books of themining record. I took this with me up to a convention several years ago, a convention of county officers. But I haven't prepared anything on those statistics12
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE # 1for quite a little while. I had a deputy until the first of April of this year. She retired. She did a lot of keeping up on the statistics.SG: There is no one at the present time to do so?ES: No, I'm trying to do it alone. Once in a while I have her come and help me for the day or a few hours. She is retired, but they will let her work in here if shedoesn't earn enough to interfere with her retirement. She worked sixteen years. She worked the year I did as deputy. She wasn't deputy, she was a worker. From then she worked until the first of April this year.SG: So she came in at the same time that you did?ES: Yes. Well, a little later. I came in October, and shedidn't come in until November. That was in 1953.SG: Has the job itself changed much over the years thatyou've been either deputy recorder or recorder?ES: No, only in volume. When we'd have a boom, why, there'd be a lot more, but mostly in the mining.Well, it's changed in the deeds, in real estate and mortgages, because a lot more people came here to live and a lot more subdivisions have been filed. For instance, what used to be just a ranch out here south of town was all in one man's name and just described as quarter sections. Now that one whole section, I believe, has been subdivided into small tracts like13
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1an acre or two acres or less and people have built home on these small tracts. You can understand how many more property owners there would be, just an awful lot of small property owners.SG: So the volume has increased quite a bit?ES: Yes. Then there's the problem of plats. That ranch I speak of was just a section all in one man's name. Hewas a Somerville, Lloyd Somerville. Now there must be at least a hundred landowners in that same section, and each one has to have a description and be sent a tax notice. And they have a deed to the property; they're land owners.SG: So the amount of time that you've put in has increased quite a bit over the years?ES: Yes, there's enough work so that it takes more time. SG: Has the work on the potash created problems? or because that was mainly one firm, did that make it alittle bit easier?ES: Well, Texas Gulf Sulphur acquired title to a lot ofland, and we've had to index that. A lot of people that work for them acquired homes here. Now, quite a few of them are being transferred to Wyoming andAustralia.SG: How was the city of Moab changed by the uranium boom? ES: Well, there were about twelve hundred people here14
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1according to the 1950 census. I think it's about seven thousand in the 1970 census. Through the post office and different places, it's been estimated as high as eight thousand. I don't know whether we have the final statistics on this last census, but weshould have. I think it was very carefully done. They got a good count. It seems to me it's between six and seven thousand on this last census. It didn't go as high as a lot of people estimated that it would. Quite a lot of families have been transferred and have moved away to other jobs. There's another mining deal in uranium out in Lisbon Valley. Of course, the records for that will be recorded in Monticello, in San Juan County. But a lot of the people that work out there or plan to work out there lived in Moab. Texas Gulf Sulphur is buying some of those homes from the people that have gone to Australia and other places were paying on. I understand that Texas Gulf Sulphur isn't going to lose any money on them. They hope to sell them to people that are going to go to work for Rio Algom. That's the gossip anyway. And it's probably what will take place.SG: In a couple of years Texas Gulf plans to bring back a lot of these people too.ES: Yes, I think that's true. You know, there's a 15
 ESTHER SOMER VILLE # 1continuing education project going on here, so that young people that have graduated from high school can get at least their first year of college in Moab from now on. They're building a building for it, and educators, professors, and people are moving in. They're buying some of these homes from the people who have been transferred.SG: In terms of the type of people that have come to Moab, have they been basically the same type of people that were here before?ES: There's one change. There's hardly anyone that's coming now that's interested in stock raising. A lot of their children are interested in horses, saddle horses are a big thing here, but stock raising, grazing sheep or cattle on the public domain and in the forest has dropped way down. The people that are coming now are more interested in mining, in themining and milling industry. Now with this school for continuing education, there are quite a lot of college people too. That's about the only difference in the type of people. There's this growth that's taken place in Moab with tourism and, oh, motels and eating places. They are a little different type of people--commercial, you know. Most of the income fora long time was stock and stock raising, ranching. 16
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1SG: But this isn't true any more?ES: No.SG: Does the tourist business affect your job at all?ES: No, not really, only that new properties are built,and they have to acquire the land, and they're owners--if that's a difference. But the tourism business is mostly in the hands of the chamber of commerce, the advertising. Well, all of the people are concerned about having tourists come and spend a lot of money here, but it doesn't affect this office very much.SG: Going back to the boom period, did the problems that the telephone company had cause your job or you personally any particular problems?ES: Problems of the telephone?SG: I know the telephone company had quit a few problemsduring the boom.ES: Yes, they did have. No, I don't think that itaffected my office.SG: I understand there was quite a problem with housingduring this period.ES: Yes, there was. For a while, Moab really became atrailer camp, almost, house trailers, you know. Some, quite a lot, moved right in town. The town ordinances have put them into trailer courts and things like17
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1that. All the trailers have to be registered, of course, but not in my office.SG: What office are they registered in?ES: The assessor's office.SG: He's the only one?ES: Yes. He assesses them, you know, for taxes. BeforeJanuary first of 1966, chattel mortgages were filed in this office, but they're not any more now. They passed what they call the Uniform Commercial Code, and chattel mortgages are filed with the secretary of state in Salt Lake. So I don't have the chattel mortgages on cars or trailer houses or the big machinery they take out to these mines. Federal tax liens are filed in here now. All the years that I'veworked, we got fifty cents for filing federal tax liens. The legislature changed that, and now we get two dollars. When a tax lien is sent in, now it is filed here in this office, and we keep it right here, and index it in a special book. But since we use microfilm, I take the tax lien, I record it, and then I don't sent it back to anyone, I just file it in the record so that anyone who has a microfilm of ourrecords will also have a record of the tax lien. Federal tax liens were filed against Mr. Steen over his tax problems, you know, and they're here. A18
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1federal tax lien doesn't describe any real estate. In the fine print it says that it claims and will hold any property in their name, real estate property or otherwise. So the federal tax liens are not much of a problem.SG: Has the number of these liens risen over the years, or has this remained a pretty steady figure?ES: No, I think there's been quite a lot more. I think it's risen in the last few years.SG: What is the main reason, do you think, for this increase? Is it the fact that the uranium business has been down lately?ES: The cost of living is going up faster than income. That's a lot of the reason why they don't pay their taxes. Sometimes they think they're being taxed unfairly and they want to get it into court to get it straightened out. I don't think very many people win trying that.SG: What other differences in the city have you noticed between when you were a young girl here and how it is now, besides just the fact that it is bigger?ES: Well, more streets are paved, this sanitation system has improved a lot. It's real good now.SG: As far as you're concerned, have any disadvantages come from the uranium boom?19
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1ES: Yes, I think that some people who moved in didn'tcome on account of uranium, they just followed the crowd, in a way. Real nuisances, rowdyism, and well, a lot more cases of, oh, obscene behavior. We have all kinds of crimes here now. A long time ago it wasn't that way. Everybody was just neighbors. We didn't have any peeping Toms and we didn't have any assaults. Those things seem like come with crowds. They don't come with any certain group, but when you get a large enough group, it includes some of that element.SG: So, as far as you're concerned, it's just the fact that you have more people here?ES: Yes, that causes some difference.SG: You were talking earlier about the schools. Do youthink the schools do a better job of teaching?ES: Well, there's this one criticism. Students graduate from our high school all the time now and they can't spell; they can't do fourih grade spelling. They go away somewhere and write a letter back, and their spelling is poor and so is their handwriting. I guess that's true everywhere. Some students learn to readreal good. Then they can get all their lessons. They can study their history; they can read a problem in arithmetic, and do it because they know how to read.20
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1They get the meaning and they know what to do. If they don't learn to read, they don't learn to spell and they don't learn to write. They finally graduatefrom high school, and they don't have a good fourth- grade education. This isn't a credit to the high school. I don't think it's different than it is in other places. There seems to be a gap in the educational system where they didn't teach phonics and they didn't really teach reading. Students, some of them, memorized what was in the book. It was told to them, and finally they could tell it all back to you, so then they thought they could read. But that certainly made a gap. I don't know whether that problem would be more now in the schools with a lot more people than it was in the one-room schools. It happens more times because there are more people. It comes back to that same answer. I know that that problem still exists.SG: Did the problems that the post office had when they were in a fairly small building and overcrowded cause the recorder's office any problems in terms of mailing deeds and different material out?ES:I remember one instance where an oil company had sent my office some papers. It was certified; it wasn't a registered letter but it was certified. They had the21
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1number of it, and they got notice that it was received by the post office. So, of course, they though it was received by the recorder. I got a letter from them in about thirty days and they asked about the paper. We began to wonder and to check. We checked the entry books for the dates to see if we had had any recording from them, but we didn't show anything. I sat down at the typewriter and started a letter to tell them we hadn't received such communication from their office at all; we had no record of it. Just then the woman from the post office came up and had this certified letter that had been postmarked about a month before. I think it was just exactly thirty days. She said that it had fallen down behind some shelves in the post office, and they didn't find it until that day. So that was the one instance that I know of where it made them unhappy. I think that whatever it was could still be recorded at a little later date. I don't think it made any difference. It wasn't anything that somebody else got ahead of them on. It was just a case of being delayed for thirty days. That's a long time that they didn't find it.SG: Was there ever any other time, say, where someone was late maybe in a fee because of the post office22
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1problems?ES: No, I don't think so. Some men from Colorado sent inseveral different proofs of labor but not enough money to record them all. Lots of people do that. They send in what they estimate it'11 be, and we check it to figure the right fee. Sometimes they get a refund. But in that case, we had to send for more money. It was close to the end of August. I held all of the paper and the money that they sent. It just had to go over to Grand Junction. I wrote for the rest of the fee. Well, I didn't get it back. So those papers were recorded after the first of September. Several years later an attorney came in and wanted me to make an affidavit to the fact that he sent in these proofs of labor on time and that he sent enough money to record one that he was especially interestedin, but he didn't send any instructions as to which one to record. I wouldn't know which one to pick out and record. That's our usual procedure. If they just send part of the money, we hold them all until we get the rest of the money and instructions to go ahead and record. I felt like I was being imposed on to make that affidavit. But he said that he was an attorney and that I should do it. So there's an affidavit, a statement from me, that I held all of23
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1these papers until I got all of the fee, which really is according to the law. They have to pay the fee in advance. I made the statement and he had it recorded, and it's in the record. But I don't really believe I would have needed to because I was within the law. It's the same procedure with all of the others. That wasn't on account of the post office either, really. They waited pretty well until down to the deadline, and then they didn't send quite enough fee. If we don't collect the fee in advance and we go ahead and record, they won't ever pay the fee. They wouldn't send it later. The law says, "Collect the fee in advance." So I stick by that.SG: Did anything ever come of this affidavit you signed? Did anything else happen afterwards?ES: No. There's never been anything done about it. I don't think there was ever any question that they were about to lose their claims. If these were, I never heard anything of it.SG: Do you know, in terms of volume, if San Juan County does more? Is there more there, or less, or about the same amount of work that has to be done by the recorder's office?ES: Quite a lot more in San Juan County. It's a bigger county, for one thing. San Juan County is probably24
 ESTHER SOMER VILLE # 1three times as large as Grand County in acreage. And the most famous mine is in San Juan County. However, the live down here and have their office and mill and their everything here. San Juan County was real jealous about it and thought Steen should have his place of business and home and everything else in San Juan County, but he though different.SG: Has there ever been any conflict between San Juan and Grand County?ES: Not anything to amount to anything, only just little petty gossip. Well, for a long time they called this line the division between Grand County and San Juan County. Really it wasn't, but everything that was recorded down as far as this--this is Township Twenty-six South--was recorded here. Then they looked in the records made when the county was organized, and it said that parallel thirty-eight was the dividing line between Grand and San Juan counties. That took about two-thirds of these sections: thirty- one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty- five, and thirty-six. The county line instead ofbeing down here is right about there. Since about 1965, this part that we always called part of Grand County is in San Juan County, really.SG: So you lost some evaluations and property? 25
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1ES: Y es.SG: How was this eventually found out? I mean, didsomeone finally go back after all these years tocheck this?ES: I think it was when the engineers or surveyors werechecking for Texas Gulf Sulphur. They wanted it and said definitely that .it would be in Grand County. They lived here. They looked at the maps and went into it and found out that the line between twenty- sixth south and twenty-seven south isn't the line between the counties. So then they had an investigation. They had a hearing. That is, they set up a court case in Provo. But when the court was convened and they studied the matter, they just dismissed it for no cause. The boundary between Grand County and San Juan County had been set up all the time. There's no cause for a trial. That's the way it is. All the records up until that time are still here. The recorder down there asked me what would be the best way for her to get the records that are recorded here that belong in San Juan County. I said, "Well, just copy them." She could take pictures ofthem or do it anyway she wanted to, but she couldn't come and take parts out of our books; that wouldn't be possible. She could take copies of them.26
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE # 1SG: Did Grand County have to reimburse San Juan Countyfor any of the tax money that wrongfully went toGrand?ES: I don't think so.SG: So it's just a matter of the records; there wasn'tany money involved?ES: Yes. I don't think there was any money involved. Idon't think that San Juan, up until that time, claimed that three-quarters-of-a-mile strip across the county. Mrs. Dalton, the recorder before me, told me that she was aware of it. She said that our records go to the line between twenty-six south and twenty-seven south. But she said our county really doesn't go that far. She showed me in the records that it was on that parallel. It's described in the Utah Code. The description of Grand County, the southboundary of it, is parallel thirty-eight thirty. (Thirty-eight degrees and thirty minutes.) Although she was aware of it, and I think that some in San Juan County were aware of it too, they didn't do anything about chancing the records until Texas Gulf Sulphur and the engineers were locating the site for that. They were sure that it was going to be in GrandCounty. It's in section Twenty-four, and Grand County goes about a miles and a half farther south. It goes27
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1down here. That mill of T.G.S. is in section twenty- four.So originally Texas Gulf though that their whole operation was going to be in Grand County, but now it's divided between the two?Yes. Part of their mine, I guess, goes into San Juan County. Part of their holdings must be recorded there. But the mill and the surface of the mine is definitely in Grand County.Do you know what reason there was that Grand County went ahead and kept recording this property if they knew that this is actually San Juan County property? I don't really understand why. You say certain parties on both sides knew.SG:ES:SG:ES:Well, I really don't know why. Years ago, about 1898 or '99, Emery County--this is Emery County--Grand County was just part of Emery County. I don't know for sure if they had that same kind of a problem between these two counties or not.You mean Wayne County?Yes. Our earliest records say Emery County, Territory of Utah. I would just say it was customers and lack of transportation. Transportation then wasn't like itSG: ES:now.SG: So in other words, it was probably just the fact that28
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1it was easier for certain individuals in this three- quarters-of-a-mile area to come to Grand County rather than travel down to Monticello.Y es.And this became a tradition?I think the people that settled on some ranches up here in what they call Spanish Valley are partly nowES: SG: ES:SG: ES:in San Juan County. They figure that they belong to Moab; it would be a long ways to Monticello.Yes.They brought their papers in here. I wouldn't know how early they really knew that. I think some of the earlier plats were drawn to show that Grand County did go that far south. Maps that were made showed that parallel, but that really wasn't the division between the counties. Have you talked with Mr. Balsley, that question, about the part of what we used to call Grand County is now part of San Juan? He used to be the recorder. (Upon reviewing the transcript, Mrs. Somerville added the following: "I think these counties may not have been surveyed whenMr. Balsley was County Recorder. I believe that pioneers were told Grand County would extend six miles south of Moab. So some settlers went out in Spanish Valley and took up homesteads. They believed29
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1they were in Grand County and started paying taxes in Moab.)SG: He mentioned that he was.ES: I wonder if he was aware of that discrepancy yearsago when he was recorder? I've never seen anything in the record about it. The potash mil1 is one reason they started noticing the difference. And another thing, the Grand County Airport used to be out here south of town--! think you're probably aware of that--and it's actually in section thirty-six.SG: So it would be in San Juan County?ES: Yes. Since they changed the line, it's all in SanJuan County. They became aware of the fact that at least part of it was in San Juan County years ago, and I think that San Juan County gave a deed to the part of the airport that was recorded in San Juan County, but deeded that ground back to the federal government. Grand County hopes to get for recreation, a race strip, you know. They use it for that now some. I don't think we've ever made application for a deed. But the federal government wants modern prices for it. They don't want to just hand it back to thecounty.SG: Right. Is there anything else now, any other specialproblems, that have come up with the county in your 30
  ESTHER SOMERVILLE #1 job?ES: I don't recall any.SG: Well, in terms of the city or the county, is thereanything that we haven't talked about that you would like to add, perhaps some of the things that happened during the boom?ES: No, I can't think of anything. We've recorded a lot of plats of subdivisions. I think the first subdivision was recorded in '56. That would be the second year of my first term as recorder. I think we have fifteen, or maybe closer to twenty plats now. Places that used to be apple orchards or peach orchards have been subdivided, and now there are hundreds of homes in the places where it used to just be an orchard, a lot of them right inside the city lim its. They have enlarged the city lim its since there's been a lot more people here.SG: Would this affect your job in any way?ES: Only the volume of recording.SG: How would enlarging the city boundaries affect this? ES: It wouldn't change except that what used to berecorded as just one big orchard is now recorded as alot of different homes.SG: So the main things would be strictly volume? ES: Y es.31
 ESTHER SOMERVILLE # 1SG: W ell, thank you very much. ES: Y ou're surely welcome.32