 T ALL Y EV ANS Carbon County, UtahAn Interview By Mathis and Richard WinnCarbon County Oral History Project Tape No. 46Date of Interview is UnknownMarriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 TALLY EVANS #1How His Family Came to America. . Entertainment When he was Young . School at Scofield.Celebrating . . . .Trading at the Wasatch Store.. Law and Order at the Camp . Mining Disaster . .Other NationalitiesFlood . . . . . . . . . .156 . .8-9, 20-22, and 30-31 . . . . 9 . 10 . 11 . 13 . 15 . 22 23 . 25 . 29Table of ContentsWorking in Hiawatha, Castle Dale, and Sunnyside When the Union Came in...An Accident He had in the Mine. .How Mining has Changed . . .33
 [ T H I S I SUNKNOWN. T H I S I S TAPE #1.]AN THE P ARTINTER VIEW WITH T ALL Y EV ANS. THE DA TE I S INTER VIEWERS ARE MA THIS AND RICHARD WINN. OF THE CARBON COUNTY ORAL HISTOR Y P R O J E C T .RW: First of all we'd like to know when and where you were born.TE: I was born in Castle Gate on June 14, 1897. RW: Okay. What did your father do?TE: He was a coal miner.RW: How long did you live in Castle Gate?TE: Well, about six months.RW: When did your father come here?TE: He came from Wales, he was sixteen years old when hecame over, let's see that would have been about '80-- oh, in the '80s; '84 or somewhere around there probably.RW: Did he come by himself?TE: No, he came with the family. Do you want a littlehistory of it?RW: Yes, that will be good.TE: Two of the oldest brothers came over from Walesbefore the family come over. They were Dick and Dave Evans, and the family came over in about '84. Dick and Dave Evans, they were killed in the Scofield/W inter Quarters Explosion when there were 202 men killed, it killed the two boys that came over at that time. They were killed in the explosion, but
 T ALL Y EV ANS # 1the family here then. That was in 1900, May 1, 1900.RW: Why did your family come over here?TE: Well, they were converted to the Church over inWales, South Wales. They came here for the gospel, for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. That was their purpose for coming to Utah was to be with the Mormon people.Were they coal miners in Wales? They were coal miners in Wales.
 TALLY EVANS #1TE: Yes, they came directly to Carbon County and theysettled--the old people, Grandpa Evans, he was too old to go back in the mines so they settled over in Emery County, that's where they made their home is over in Emery County, they came over to Emery County. But they came to Winter Quarters first, and that's where the two oldest boys were working, at Winter Quarters and that's where they settled. Then they bought a home for the older people over in Castle Dale, Emery County.RW: Well, when your older brothers came over did they know anybody when they came here?TE: Well, I think they knew someone, but I don't recall who it was, it was somebody that was over here, and the missionaries who were going over there, they made contacts somewhere over here and they worked in the coal mines and they came here for that purpose.RW: Well, did they like, did they go to Salt Lake and then come here? Did somebody pick them up and put them on a train to meet them here or something? How did they know where to go?TE: Well, of course they were English speaking at that time, they was in Wales and they had friends over here, but the history I don't know. They had some contact here in Utah, and I don't remember the name3
 T ALL YRW:TE:RW: TE: RW: TE: RW: TE:EV ANS # 1of the people, but we have a history of it though if you have time to wait.---?--- the time. Like this class will probably go on next year too, so you can use it then too.But the brothers when they came over, why--when the family came over, why the brothers, they had everything ready for them. You know, a home and that up there to move into.Oh, what kind of a house was that?What kind what?What type of a house was that?House?Uh huh.Oh, just a typical mining house with no convenienceinside, there wasn't any electricity at that time, it was just oil lamps and bare walls with a few beds and maybe a stove. To burn coal, a cook stove, and maybe a little heater they had at that time. There was no convenience whatsoever in those days.About how many people were living up there when they first came?I don't know how many. I couldn't say how many people were in--there was 200. That just about wiped them out. My father was working there too but he missed the explosion in 1900. He missed the explosion byRW:TE:4
 TALLY EVANS #1three days. He and the superintendent fell out and he left. So he was going to get a job up in Clear Creek. He went up and got his job and then he come back and he was going back the next day and the explosion happened the following day and then he never went back. We never did move because Bishop Parmley, Bishop Parmley, he was also the bishop of the Mormon Church, and he and father had had words and the bishop got him to stay afterwards and he helped get the men out of the rescue work and getting the men out of the mines and then they never did move, they stayed there.RW: What were some of the things you did when you were young, what kind of games? What did you do for entertainment?TE: Well, I liked to play marbles. I was considered a champion marble player up in Winter Quarters at that time as a boy. I remember I used to play marbles all winter long. Now that seems odd, but I would get a little box and cut a hole in it, just so that a marble would go through it, and on the other end of the room, and I had a lot of marbles, because we didn't have the marbles we have nowadays to build the marbles, but we had a couple of flints that we always used for our taws, and that's how I was enjoying5
 T ALL Y EV ANS # 1myself mostly in the wintertime is shooting marbles. As soon as I get home from school I was shooting marbles if they were full, and I got so accurate. We didn't have a small ring like we have nowadays, whatthey'd call the small ---?--- we had the large ring, and we all put our marbles in the center, and of course the one that--you had to have a strong thumb in order to hit that bunch of marbles and scatter them and get one out. Then you would knock them all out of the ring if you could, which we got that perfected to where we could just about do that. Where we could cure a marble from atop and from one marble to the other one and clear the whole ring of marbles if we made a good break. That's the reason I had a strong thumb, and you needed a strong thumb in order to do it.RW: So there was a school up there at the time at Scofield?TE: Yes, there was a school at Winter Quarters. Scofield is down at Winter Quarters was the first canyon, let's see, Scofield going towards Clear Creek south, and Winter Quarters is the first canyon you take and go up, and that's where we lived is up in there. It's a narrow canyon and a beautiful country in those days.6
 TALLY EVANS #1M: How far did you go to school?TE: We had to walk to school, and we lived in the lowerpart of Winter Quarters. I might be a half a mile we'd probably have to walk, because up above the store it used to snow quite a lot up there, we used to have--well in one night snow would be maybe three feet of snow. I remember for the men going to work making a trail, or at that time we wouldn't have been able to get to school probably. I remember in the wintertime they had so much snow up there in those days--I guess they had some up there during these years, but it seems like there was more for us as children then anyway. They used to have a train, had two trains on that had a snowplow that would throw the snow up over to clear the tracks, and when the railroad cars would go down, these were flat railroad cars, you would be unable to see the road on account of snow on both sides. The box cars you can see about two feet of the box car going down. The snow would be piled up on the side.RW: About what time did they start having cars and things like that?TE: Cars? It wasn't until 19--oh, let's see, 1912 probably, probably about 1912 or '13. We were living- -! would have to be over in Castle Dale at that time.7
 T ALL Y EV ANS # 1RW: How did you celebrate the holidays like the 4th ofJuly, Labor Day, and things like that?TE: Well we always celebrated, we all had a big time onthe holidays. On the 4th of July they had a big Finn band, they would always come from the Clear Creek, there are a lot of Finlanders up in Clear Creek, and they celebrated it together as a rule down in--not all the time, but some of the biggest celebrations was down in Scofield. This big Finn band, I remember this Finn band that they had there, and they had ball games at that time too. They just had what you call a grove right over the hill from Winter Quarters. We had to walk you know, everyplace we walked in those days. The store, they had some horses, wagons to haul coal and deliver groceries, they delivered groceries. The company store at Winter Quarters, they used to deliver groceries down to Scofield from there, and they had sleigh runners in the wintertime and they'll be mules. Who was the man that I used to as a boy, asmall boy, I used to go with him and help him deliver these groceries to the people. He would be carrying them in and I would hold the reins on the wagon or the sleigh that we had and I remember--all we got out of it was--when we get up there to the store he sold maybe two or three ---?---of candy to us, and we'd8
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1spend all day long helping him deliver groceries. Did you do a lot of trading with the store?Huh?Did you do trading with the store?M:TE:M:TE: Yes, that's the only thing we had, to trade. The UtahFuel Company owned the store, and that's the only place people could trade is the Utah Fuel Company. When the store, the Wasatch Store they called it. I remember it was pretty hard on the people because the mines they don't work like they do now. In the summertime, it is just seasonal you see, the coal demands in the wintertime, the commercial coal, and in the wintertime they had demand for coal and in the summertime they would only work one or two days a week. The wages were low, about two and a half a day in the coal mines at that time, and they got up to $3.15 or $3.00 later on, but it was quite a few years before it got up to even $3.15 to $3.25.RW: How did they pay you then, in script?TE: No, it was all--maybe I should go back and--when Iwas born, the year that I was born in Castle Gate or that spring that I was born in June, they robbed the payroll there at Castle Gate. There were three men that rode in on horses and my mother--we lived in a little house right where the amusement hall is now in9
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1Castle Gate, it was right up on the hill just a little bit of a house up there, and she saw these men. Of course they had been in there before that, they got situated in this train. They always paid with a pay train, the train always had a coach on it, a couple of coaches, and they brought some guards and they had to haul in silver and gold, and they never paid them anything, only silver and gold. They paidthe men, they pay them for a month, they paid once a month. When this train would come in, there would be a pay master which would pay all the men there for any work that they had for the month. What they had coming would be all in silver and gold. We'd neversee any paper money or checks in those days.RW: Who kept law and order in the camp? Was there asheriff? TE: The what?RW: Who kept law and order, like there was a sheriff or somebody?TE: Oh yes, they had a company man, he was hired by the company as a sheriff up there. Noah Potter, do you know Noah Potter? His father was sheriff for many years up there for the company, and in the camp they had a man to keep order and a sheriff.M: How did they decide who became the sheriff? You said 10
 T ALL Y EV ANS # 1the company did it, but did they have any special way of deciding or did they just choose one?ME: They just appointed them.TE: The what? I didn't get that. How did they decidewhat?M: How did the company decide who would become sheriff? TE: Oh, they hired the sheriff themselves. It was allcompany then. They hired all the law enforcement and everything. The men, the people didn't have anything to do with that part of it.RW: You mentioned the mining disaster, what were the people's reactions when the disasters happened?TE: Well, I wasn't very old, I was only three years old, but from what I hear it was quite a sad thing. It seemed to me that as a child I remember all the commotion, of course they put a flag clear across all the stores they tell me and it would be quite a sad thing for all those people at that time because nearly everyone was there in the coal mine. There was only- -Billy Border, the man that escaped the explosion, he, as the fire come over, the explosion,it was a dust explosion, there wasn't any gas, but there was something that ignited it. He fell down, his face fell down in water and it burned his ears and all his hair off the back of his head as the fire11
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1went over, why it burn, all his hair off from the back of his head. I remember him, there he is, his ears are burnt off, the tops of his ears was burnt off and his name was Billy Border. Then there was onefellow was right at the portal of the mine and it threw him clear across the canyon, but he survived. They tell me--from what my parents tell me, there was a couple of miners I know that were in one part of the mine, but they didn't know what had happened, they were waiting for their cars and escaped the explosion. But that was about all that I ever heard that got out of it alive. All the rest of them were killed, I think there were about 202 people is what they estimated, about 202 men. So the population at Winter Quarters at that time for the family, what was it, three or four? So you figured that it would be about maybe five to six hundred people up there at that time. It is just a narrow canyon. You wonder how they all--you go up there now and all the houses are all down and you wonder if someone had lived there as a boy like I had. Then to go back there you wonder where they put all those houses that they had there, because the canyon is so narrow. So we just had springs, we had to carry the water. We lived up on the hill and we had to carry our water. Where we12
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1lived we had one spring down there--they had a pipe, the water came out and it would freeze up and you would have to keep chopping the ice at the winter time and carry all their water from there for all our washing, drinking. Some of those people that lived way up on the mountain there. I remember they used to pay us to carry their coal and their water up there for the women that wash, and I don't know, that would be maybe a couple of hundred steps that you would have to go up. They built steps so that they could go up there on the mountain to their home. Many lived around the [mountain] because there wasn't enough down the valley or on the bottom of the canyon for the homes they had. The Finlanders, they had a lot of Finlanders that worked in those days, and they built two big Finn halls up the canyon and they lived up above. Mainly all those people lived up above the tipple up at the port of Winter Quarters Canyon.Were there other nationalities up there at the time?around about--they had a strike in 1903 or 1902, and those were the first Greeks I remember as a boy that I can remember seeing was when they shipped them in there to take the place of the miners when they were on strike, and that was 1903. Then we had ItaliansRW:TE: Oh yes. We had the Greek nationality, they came in13
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1and Italians, most of them were working on the railroad at that time. I remember they all had big mustaches, and those kids would just stand around and those icicles would be on their mustaches and they would be cold working on the railroad. They were working mostly on the railroad. Then they had Chinese, Chinamen that were up there too at that time. Oh, there was Welsh and English, a lot of English people from England and from Wales, a lot of Welsh people and English people and different nationalities, they were quite a few different-- Austrians, there were quite a lot of Austrians, quitea lot of Austrian people up there at that time. Were there ever any language barriers at all? Any what?Any language barriers between people?RW:TE:RW:TE: Well, more or less where they were in groups theytalked their own language, but a lot of them learned the English language. Now the Greeks, when they came out they all had a Greek interpreter that done all their interpreting for them and getting the jobs and all the business and everything because they talked Greek, and it took them quite a long while to learn the English language. When they first come they had a man that did speak English and he was a Greek14
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1interpreter. I remember as a boy that one of the Greeks was on the out with him, and just below where we lived what they called the French, there was a lot of French people there too, French hotel was one that was run that was French, and this fellow ---?--- was this Greek interpreter and he was--we all seemed to like him because he always used to give us candy which was very rare at that time because money was scarce and he used to give us free candy once in a while and we--[END OF SIDE ONE]When did you--you moved to East Carbon, didn't you?RW:TE: Yes, I moved to East Carbon in 1915. But before thatI worked--in 1913 I worked in what they call Hiawatha now, but it used to be Black Hawk. They call it Hiawatha now. There are only a few houses there-- loading coal for twenty-five cents a ton. The company was--I worked with my father, they were loading coal and I was just sixteen years old. There were just a few houses, they were just starting to build the town of Hiawatha when I was there. They started that, Utah Railroad, the Utah Railroad that went along there. They were just working on that then, they just started to work on the Utah Railroad. Then we lived at Castle Dale, we moved over to Castle Dale when I15
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1was a boy. We lived over there for about five or six years. We went over there in about 1908 and we left in 1915. We went to Sunnyside and--mining, they hadsome motors at that time that pulled down the main line, they pulled the coal out, but it was all horses, we used horses and mules in the coal mines to pull the coal from the men that loaded the coal. When I went to Sunnyside I first worked in Sunnyside on the coke oven, pulling coke, I pulled coke there at Sunnyside. Then I got a job as a weighman that weighed the coal that went into the ---?--- carts that ran over the top of the ovens. I know you wouldn't remember that, you young people wouldn't know anything about it. It had electricity and a trolley wire that ran along the top of the coke ovens and they'd put six tons of slag, ground slag into the coke ovens, and then for seventy-two hours it burned in there and it burned all the smoke out of it until it got so the red heat would be white. You would look down through a hole, a hole in the top was about two feet across. The hole, the round hole, it would be about two feet across and they had a lid to put on after they had burned all the smoke out and cured the coke. Then they would have to water that down with a long iron hose with a ring on it, and they watered it16
 T ALL Y EV ANS # 1down so that they could pull the coke. They got three and a half tons of coke out of six ton of coal.ME: How many coke ovens did they have?TE: Oh, they had about 910 coke ovens when everythingwas--during the First World War they built some more there and that is what they call the new ovens. That was my job when I first went into the coal mines in Sunnyside. I was what they call a driver, a skinner, we called them skinners, driving a little mule. Those would load coal about four and a half feet tall and you couldn't just stand up. You would sit on the bumper of the car with--they had shafts that hooked onto the mule and then onto the car. We would sit on the bumper of the car with our feet on the shafts and pull coal that way down those rooms because it was low coal. Then I was--I got the job of breaking these mules and horses that came in. They'd never been in the coal mine, and you'd have to bring them in there and make them familiar with the mine and sort of control them and so on until they get used to the mine. Some of those mules they bring in there were wild, they had never had a--some of them hadn't had a rope on them, and they had quite a time, quite an experience in breaking those little mules that you get them used to the coal mine.17
 T ALL Y EV ANS # 1RW: Well, in the mines were they all what the miners havein their lamps.TE: They started out with lard oil, it's a thick whiteoil that they used to have lamps, and they'd have a wick in them. That's what they started out with. Then they improved over that and they got what they call the carbide lights. They put carbide in it and then put a little water, the container had water and then you'd put in a little water at the time and the fumes, they'd come out and you'd light it and it'd make a light. They had a reflector on it that reflected your light. But in Sunnyside they were unable to use those in the first place, and all they had was just one of these what they call a safety lamp that they test gas with nowadays. Then they got the electric lights, the electric lights they have in the coal mines now, only they weren't as bright as the ones they have now because that was the gassiest mine in Number One Mine in Sunnyside. They wouldn't allow them to use the open light. Of course all the mines now is where their gas is now. They used a light or smoke in them, now years ago they used to smoke in the mines, boy they had the carbide--only those that were gassy they wouldn't allow them tosmoke.18
 T ALL Y EV ANS # 1RW: When you first started, how far in were the mines,how far back did they go?TE: Well, some of them went back in, of course theydrove, they'd drive entries, what they call a haulage way. They drive them along the top of the mountain and then they drive entries down and up. Rooms you know, slopes, they'd have what you call slopes, they'd drive them down and they'd drive rooms off them from the slopes. Then they had a hoist at thetop--MsE: How many feet?TE: Well, they'd run down there, some of them would run down there for a half a mile, and the Columbia Mine over there, that's around in there probably a mile and a half to two miles, and they'd have to go underground. Sunnyside was in more than that, the Number Two Mine was in there further. Then counting and going down the slopes too, some of those men were in there two and a half miles anyway.RW: They weren't still using horses then, were they?TE: Yes, they had hoists, but they were using horses. The rooms are driven on more on the levels you see? Off from the slopes. The slopes went straight down just like going straight down the mountain and they'd drive the rooms off on more of a level, and that's19
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1remember we used to go up the canyon where the rodeo ground is now, that used to be a ball field up there then, the early part. They built one down lower where Sunnyside is now, lower Sunnyside. They had it all cleaned down in the later years, but we used to have to walk up there for all their celebrations to where the rodeo ground--if you've ever been up there you know where it is.They played baseball.ME:TE: Well, they played baseball up there too, and theyused to import their baseball players from the East most of them and they'd give them a job there around the town, and they'd import nearly all the baseball players. There was some local, but a lot of the ballplayers were a part of the ---?---- They'd been ex-professional ballplayers, a lot of them, and they had reached an age to where they were unable to play with them. I know either the Red Sox or the White Sox came out here and play in Sunnyside at one time from the East. Well, they had a lot of celebrations and we made all of our own celebrations and all our recreation that was right in the camp. They used to run a special train from Sunnyside when they used to go to Castle Gate, Hiawatha, Spring Canyon, and those places. They used to run an excursion with a coach, a21
 T ALL Y EV ANS # 1couple of coaches, and take the people from Sunnyside to Castle Gate to where they were going to the ball game because there wasn't any cars.ME: Need transportation.TE: There were a few cars then, but not too many.RW: So about each town had a baseball team?TE: Yes, each camp had a baseball team, and then also theEnglishmen, they used to have the football too, where they would kick the football. Not like football we play or rugby, it's the association of football. [soccer] You've seen it on television now and they have a lot of it. They would kick the football and they'd hit it with their shoulders, their heads and whatnot and try to get to a goal. (Pause) But one thing about when the unions came in, now we have a welfare, a plan now that takes care of the miners and their families and hospitalization that comes from the royalty of coal that is up there now that is about sixty-five cents a ton that goes into this royalty, and anyone among the working and their families in the coal mining camps, when they go up   the hospital all their expenses are paid through this fund. It is a separate fund from the union fund, and that's where all the miners get their pension, they get $150 a month now pension, which they didn't have22
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1anything before. I remember my aunts, both aunts when the explosion at Winter Quarters, all they got out of it was just $150 and they had families and they had to make their own living from there on until they remarried. Most of those men that were killed in the explosion up there, there were a lot of them up there. It would be nice for the high schools and them to go up there and see the old graveyard at Scofield and see the amount of headstones. They were just made out of board. It is too bad that--of course the original are still there. We were up there not toolong ago and they are still set there and they are pretty hard to read the names on them, but they are just boards, half-inch boards--no, they're inch boards that were put up there for the headstones, and the names of all of the men that were killed that they buried up there. My two uncles are buried upthere, yes. They are still up there. But they changed the headstones on those and they're different headstones.Did you enjoy your work?M:TE:M:TE: Yes, I really enjoyed my work. I met with an accidentWhat?Did you enjoy your work?in 1931 and I worked up to 1958 after that. I run 23
 TALLY EVANS #1locomotives and load more coal with one hand than I did with two before. I really enjoyed it. I never had any fear of coal mining, and even though I was buried up and lost my hand, they cut it off on top of the car. It caved about eighteen inches of coal and rock and they cut my hand right off on top of the car, and the whole ceiling had caved--about sixty feet back. Now this was in a room, and it caved about sixty feet back and the rooms are only about twenty-four feet wide, and the roof is about seven feet. That caved on us, and it killed one fellow and buried me and my partner, the two of us, but the other one didn't even get hurt very badly because a big chunk of coal was hit on the car that shielded us. But the ply and stuff came down and buried us. Boy, I laid right parallel with the car when it came down and it took my hand off. I sat parallel and we were in the dark, and finally Glenn Stevenson, the one that was with me, he just kind of pushed his legs down in this soft coal. What saved our lives was the amount of coalthat shot through from the other room, and it left a big pile of coal there, you see, and when this rock came down, why just one chunk there that happened to not break, and it was across the car in this pile of coal. Glenn Stevenson, he was near the pile of coal,24
 TALLY EVANS #1and it buried us right over and another boy, Gary Crawford, he got away because he was over on the-- right close to the end where it broke and he went for help and we was buried up for about two hours and a half before they got us out. I remember we were always trained if there were any injuries in the coal mine that it was a must those days that we take safety first every year. We've trained, and it's a protection for also yourself and the men that work with you. If something happens, in bleeding or anything like that, we knew every pressure point onthe body. If you were bleeding we could put on the pressure and stop the bleeding because it's no use wrapping a man up after he's bled to death, is it? So that was our first thing that we looked for is bleeding on a man. They taught that in our classes, first aid classes, to find the pressure point if he's bleeding anyplace and put a tourniquet on it and cinch it up--we were taught all those things, how long to leave it on and force it in, then release it and let the blood go through so it, gangrene, wouldn't set in. So I put it under my arm, that was the easiest one, and I knew that my hand, I knew thatthere was something wrong. So I put my thumb under there and pressed real hard on that artery on the25
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1arm. That shut the blood off going down your hand. Then when we got the light on (we had electric lights at that time) Glen Stevenson he pulled his cars out and he pulled it out and he had the light on and I could see my hand was off t hen. Then I just held that pressure point and I didn't bleed too much. I bledsome, but not too much .RW: When something happened did the miners take care ofeach other, was there any--?TE: Yes, we had all safety equipment inside the mine andbandages and everything, stretchers, if the man had his back broke they always had stretchers there for that purpose, and we had to bind him on there so that he couldn't move his legs, arms, and everything. So that in case his back was broken he couldn't sever the [spinal] cord so he'd have a chance. Whether he moved around, if he had a broken back, maybe the bone would sever a cord, then he would be left an invalid, paralyzed from the waist down. So we were taught all those things to take care of one another. Of course we had certain men that planned on safety first too, that we'd send for help, call for help . (Pause )be because they mechanize the mines now to where 26I guess that will be all. (Chuckle)RW:TE: Yes, mining is a lot different than what it used to
 TALLY EVANS #1there is still danger there, but it isn't near the danger of what it used to be because they are away from the face of the coal now with these loading machines, ---?--- but still they have a lot of accidents in mines. That is considered one of the most dangerous for accidents in the nation, occupation. But there is sure a difference in the way they have to work now and the way we used to have to work. We'd have to drill all our holes and shoot the coal and drill it by hand. It was all handwork and it was all by hand, but now they have machinery to loadit.the miners now, you don't need so many with the load machines and continuous miners to load the coal that they need. That's the reason there are so many minesin Carbon County now, is because years ago they had to have so many men to load the coal that they needed. But conditions are a lot better for mining, for families and all the way through. Nearly all the camps now are modern homes, where we never used to have that years ago. Conditions in the mines now are really--and since the union came in, it has helped so much more too, and they pay good wages and it's more-We don't have so many miners now.ME:TE: Well, they have to cut down on the miners, of course27
 TALLY EVANS #1-well, it's a lot better living than what it used tobe years ago when I was a boy. I don't know, we used to run barefoot nearly all winter because the parents were unable to buy shoes up at Winter Quarters. We'd run all summer long. I remember every spring of the year there used to be a tribe of Indians come up there on the west side of the Scofield reservoir, and they'd stay there 'till fall. They used to keep ponies up there and sell it to the miners for five dollars, ten dollars, because if they didn't have the ---?--- tied up in the fall of the year or having around close, he left along with the Indians, and they'd come back and do it over again. Not the same ones, but they would bring more in. Then they used to go up and down the camp you know, the buck Indian, he used to ride the horse and the squaw, she used to go and slip from the people or beg from the people for what you want to give them, a loaf of bread or whatnot, a can of something, some grub or any clothing he wanted to give them. Why, we had all of that type up there every summer. It was interesting. I don't think there was any part in those mountains up there, we didn't go over. Oh beautiful, beautiful country. There were so many cattle and sheep up in there then, and quakies and that right in the camp,28
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1right across the creek. There is a small creek there and we used to go all over those mountains. There used to be a lot of strawberries and raspberries and gooseberries . They're smal l , but we used to feed off- -we'd even feed off the thist l es down those fields where the flowers are. In the spring of the year we'd go down to Fish Creek, down where t he r eservoir is now, you just have to walk down there, and when we'd get hungry we used to skin those thistles down and eat those. They were tender in the spring of the year and we could eat them. A fter they got grown they' d get tough. When the flowers are just corning out in the spring of the year they weren't too bad to eat. When you're hungry you can eat them all.RW: There was a--the darn broke and there was a flood. When was that?WE: Golly, I don't remember what year that was. I remember we 1i ved at Sunnyside then. I don' t know, was it '21? It should have been later than that, but I don't remember just what year you could--when we carne down here after the flood and that gooseberry up there, they had a reservoir up in Gooseberry, and that's the one that broke. It wasn't where it is now. This one here did just about one time. They had to go up there to have a ---?--- worked up there for a long29
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1long time building another in front of it, a dam in front of it there to reinforce it. They were afraid it might go out, there wasn't near the water in that Gooseberry Reservoir, and that made a big flood too. If that one would ever go out it would take Castle Gate, Helper I imagine. (Telephone Rings)Hello. Yes. I think so, are you through Richard? It's your mother.Yeah, what does she want?She said the car's home and they'd be ready for it. Oh, okay.Did you want to talk to her; did you want to talk to him? (Pause) Oh. Okay then.Oh celebrations, we used to have foot races and all kinds of games.The children would run races and they'd give them prizes.They'd give them prizes and give them a little money, ten cents or five cents. Five cents was big for us in those days you know. We didn't have too much money. We got ten cents for the 4th of July. When they'd give us ten cents, why of course stuff wasn't as expensive as it is now.But if you get a bag of candy for ten cents at that. We'd have to buy five cents for a roll ofME:RW: ME: RW: ME:TE:ME:TE:ME: TE:30
 T ALL YEV ANS # 1firecrackers, these small ones, you know, and I don't know how many would be in there. But then we'd share with one another, and the other one would maybe buy something else, and that's how we spent our ten cents. Someone in the fami ly , if we had a family, the four of us, we'd all have a little bit of everything, candy and whatnot. Then the celebrat ions , like I said, they'd give a little bit too.RW: Did all the groups get together and have a celebration together, like the Greeks, Italians, and everybody?TE: Yes, they--ME: The whole camp would.TE: They used to, yes, they used to all get together. Allthe children, they were all one. Of course some of those, now like the Austrians and the--[END OF INTERVIEW]31