 ROBERT R. PORTER VOLUME 2
 R O B E R T R . P O R T E R I N T E R V I E W E D BY F L O Y D A . O ' N E I L AND GREGORY C. THOMPSON ON OCTOBER 1 0 , 1 9 8 4 . INTERVIEW # 4 .FO: We were talking about the duties of your servants.RP: Now the cook boy who was the head man had a helper who did the dishes and did the dirty work around and cleaned up. Piccaninny; a little fella about twelve. And then there was a house boy, the head house boy. He made the beds, and did the ironing, and cleaned up. And then we had a garden boy. His duties were to take care of the garden, and he had a helper. And there were two Piccaninnies to look after the kids sothey didn't get out in the street.FO: I see. How many children did you have there?RP: Two in Nkana and one in Nchanga.FO: One in Nchanga.RP: He was born there. He was the first baby in the newNchanga hospital. FO: I see.RP: Prior to that, the babies were in the hospital in a part of single quarters.FO: I see. And this was your son--RP: Phillip.FO: Phillip, who was born in Nchanga.RP: Nchanga. He was the first baby born on December 31,New Years Eve. And the doctor was mad as hell because 103
   ROBERT FO: RP: FO:RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:R. PORTER # 4This was New Years Eve 1939?'40.'40 that he was born, your first son. Now the nextchild was born in--Nkana.Nkana. And that's your son--Chris.Christopher. Anyway, back to the servants. Now, where did you house these servants?Now, at the back of each house there was single quarters where the--now in the European section of town, they weren't allowed to have their wives. It was single status.I see.But they had their wives scattered around in the compound. They wou1d go down onee in a whi1e and visit them over Sunday. But the rest of the natives: the garden boy, and the house boy, and the chief house boy, and the cook, they lived on the premises. These natives were very good who lived there. And they would work forever. They started about six in the morning, and if you'd had a party, it was all cleaned up by the time you got up. There was nothing misplaced. The furniture was all dusted, and glasses all washed. Then if you were having a party, and they104
  ROBERT R. PORTER #4loved when the people had parties because they'd get a little food and everything else. If you would have what we called a "sundowner", which was drinks after work starting around five-thirty or something like that people would drop in, or you would go to somebody's house around ten. See, there wasn't very much to do, you know. It was pretty isolated. And so we would have these sundowners. Now, generally sundowners would go on and on, and somebody would say, "Well, let's have dinner." So, they all scattered around, and the natives would bring yourFO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:food over and you'd share as a community. And if you were having a party, it wasn't unusual to find somebody else is having a party, and you'd find all of your silver and stuff on their table.Sure.The natives would bring them over and help.Your servants would help their servants.But they would bring all of your stuff over and they'd share--I take it no one worried about that.No. And when we went there we were about, oh, four or five months without any--our stuff was shipped by a shipping agent. And it didn't come out on--it came out on the same boat, but it never got up there until105
  ROBERT R. PORTER #4about four or five weeks after. It had come up by Goods Carrying company, which is freight. And so all the neighbors pitched in and gave you a hand. They \..Jere very good that way. Our stuff finally arrived. Beverly had gone to Macy's before we left and bought a lot of goodies, you know, and we had all our silverware and everything. And so we had a party for the people that had been so nice to us. And it was really funny. She wanted to put on a big deal. She told the cook-boy to--he was pretty new there--to fix some vegetables, and she got some spareribs out of the butcher's and it was a little different than the normal fare in Rhodesia. It was funny. When they had the party there were about eight people, and we had the usual soup and then the entree came in. But along with the entree came every canned vegetable we had in the house. One after another, after another, after another. I thought our guests were going to die. They were rolling on the floor.FO: Oh, that's terrible.RP: They were really something. But, anyway, James gotover that. And he was a pretty good cook.FO: Pretty good cook.RP: He could make very good bread. And now, in the way ofrecreation up there, we had good facilities. In 106
 ROBERT R. PORTER #4Nchanga we didn't have as good facilities. But they had rugby, and we didn't have a swimming pool there. Had tennis courts and a so-called golf course. But it was a very bad golf course. It was all sand and a slag green.I see.Then you would go over them with a mop. Now, during the European strike which happened, there were ten thousand natives that went out on Thursday to make way for a new golf course. Felled all the trees just like a bunch of ants.I see.I made clear eighteen holes in 30 days.Is that right? Lawn was easy to grow and so on.Well, it was very wet, and if you had grass green you had to be very careful. We had a rainy season and a dry season. During the summer which was the wet season, we got sixty inches of rain.Sixty?Yes. And it came down in downpours, tropical rains. We were only twelve degress below the equator. And the tropical rains would come in the afternoon lasting ten minutes and very local. They'd be one place and over here wouldn't be anything. And then it would move. But, anyway, it peaked up in February toFO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:107
 ROBERT R. PORTER #4about sixteen inches, I mean two feet. But from the end of October to the first of April we got our sixty inches. Then from there on it was absolutely colossal the weather. You could depend on it forever. And it got rather cool in the evening. You had to wear a sweater in the winter. There was not a cloud in the sky. The temperature was lovely. Now during rain, of course, it got humid.I see.But it wasn't depressing. It wasn't really bad because you could sleep at night. And we all slept under the mosquito nets. But anyway that kept some of the heat in, but it wasn't oppressive.I see.And the hottest time of the year was October before the rain starts. When the rains came, why it was cool.Was the heat ever like a hundred degrees?No, it got up to about eighty or ninety.With that humidity.But it was hot in the summer. You always had to wear a sun helmet. And you had to watch it. And when my son didn't, his mother always said, "Put your hat on." And that was the name for a hat. The kids couldn't go out without one. Anytime.FO: RP:FO: RP:GT: RP: GT: RP:108
 ROBERT R. PORTER #4GT: I see. Year around.RP: We always wore a pith helmet or some cover.GT: They really worked did they?RP: Oh, yes. Well, I don't know, I never got sun stroke.Now malaria was very well controlled. GT: Was it?RP: Very, very well. And if you got malaria, they asked you where you got it. We never got it all the time we were there because we were in a controlled area. Now the malaria only came during the rain.GT: The mosquito carries it.RP: Yeah. And all of the compound and all of the housesand everything were sprayed with DDT in the plaster. GT: In the plaster? I see.RP: And this kept the controlled area very good. Now ifyou went out in the bush, it wasn't. But it was very sparsely populated, and in the dry season we never had any problem. It was only during the wet. They would have mosquito control and would be going around and seeing that there were no tins, no tires, nothing where mosquitos could breed.FO: No standing water.RP: Water.FO: I see. Very careful about that.RP: Very, very careful. And they would guide the109
 ROBERT R. PORTER #4mosquitos way out to see how far they would go with the wind. In that area they would spray all the pools everyday with oil.GT: With oil?RP: Then, one of my associates who was a chief chemist, IFO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:was the chief metallurgist at the time, he developed a good idea. He took some plaster of paris and impregnated it with oil and DDT and made eggs out of it. And you would throw it into one of these pools, and it would release just enough DDT and oil so that it would kill the mosquitos.Sure. And it would release it for days, and days. Days and days and days.Oh, what a great idea. That's very good, isn't it? Yeah.Is it still used?I don't know. I haven't been back in the Tropics since then.I see.I haven't wanted to. I've been with the native--?I see.There is no way I'd go back. I'd go to Zimbabwe, but not--to Mozambique.I see. Do you think it would be--?Well, it's changed so much that I wouldn't enjoy it.11 0
  ROBERT R. PORTER #4FO: I see. Tell me--may I go back a moment to anothertopic? What kind of a strike was it in Nchanga? Didthe men just stay out.RP: Yes, they did. And when the natives struck, it wasGT: RP:pretty serious. It really was. We went down to ---?--- ---?--- with the compound manager. Now, they had a compound manager, and he had two assistants. And coming back he said, "There are no drums tonight. That's trouble." And we had to pass the compound in a car going back to our quarters. And we got stoned.Did you have your family with you?Well, my wife, and Phillip was at home. But, now, our servants never struck. And it was pretty sticky. We had to send in the askari from Lusaka to, you know, keep order. And this lasted about four weeks, I think. And the mines were shut down, or pretty well, our mine. And then they went on to a strike in Nkana. They moved it from one place to another. Now, this was after 1940. This was caused by these agitators. And it was South African agitators.We think so.I see. And is that the only strike you went through while you were there?Yes. That was the only one.How badly was your car stoned?FO: RP: FO:RP: FO:111
  ROBERT R. PORTER #4RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:FO:RP:Oh, it was just banged up, a few dents.I see. No broken glass.No, fortunately.Yeah. Do you remember your feelings about that?Well, we were a little bit worried because there were only a few Europeans on that mine, and there were a heck of a lot of natives.Of course.We were completely outnumbered. But our servants never struck. They stayed with us.Sure. Did some of the servants there strike?Very few, very few.I want to ask you about the relationship of the striking Blacks and the Europeans who were there. Was there a lot of hatred and angry exchange?No, I don't think so. I think it was just an issue. They are a happy-go-lucky bunch. They were. And they looked up to the queen, you see. There was only one boss, the king, it was King George then.I see. So that the tradition was that.Yeah. And there weren't tribal factions, which there are now.Oh, yeah. It's very factional now. I see. That's very interesting. Now, the strike lasted three weeks. Three or four weeks, I've forgotten.11 2
  ROBERT R. PORTER #4FO:RP:FO:RP: FO: RP: FO:RP: FA: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP: GT: RP:Did that close the whole mine and the refinery and every thing down?Oh, yes. Well, in Nchanga we shipped our concentrates to Nkana because they had the smelter. And they didn't strike. Nchanga struck and Bwanamkubwa struck. They had to kill a few at Bwanamkubwa, they got mean. Now there were Blacks that killed Blacks.I understand that. The Blacks that did the killing were askari.Were askari. They were soldiers.How do you spell that word?A -s-k-a-r-i.Askari then is--is that a generic word that means soldier?Yes.I see. And it's Swahili, it sounds like.Yes.I see. And so the askari is a general word referring to someone who is a soldier.Soldier, or in a uniform with a gun.Yeah, the whole impression.Now, the natives were not. allowed to carry rifles.Or hand guns?No, no hand guns. Nobody, except if you were out in the bush. But they were allowed muzzle loaders. Now11 3
 ROBERT R. PORTER #4 that's different.FO: In 1940 they were allowed muzzle loaders.RP: Oh, yeah. Well they were ramming the--and blackpowder. This was out in the bush.FO: I understand. It seems almost nineteenth century insome ways, doesn't it?RP: We11, when they gave them rif1es after theindependence they, boy, they gained weight.FO: Oh, I know, the wild animals.RP: The native will do anything for meat. He loves meat.And he is a great meat-eater. If you kill an elephant, they would go right inside of it. They'd carve a hole and the women would pick out the insides. The men would carve it up into little pieces. Now, we even had a very good friend who was a very great African hunter. His name was Renaud, Paul Renaud. And he supplied all the bush babies, the geologists, which were scattered all over the country. We were doing a lot of prospecting at that time. And he would supply them with--take some supplies out and do the killing. And he would also supply the compound with meat.FO: I see. What did he kill mainly, antelope?RP: Oh, antelope, but mainly things like zebra, which were plentiful. And, oh, once in a while an elephant.114
 ROBERT R. PORTER #4FO: I see. Have you eaten elephant?RP: I don't like it.FO: Doesn't taste good?RP: No.FO: What about hippopotamus.RP: Well, I haven't tried a hippo.FO: I see. But you ate zebra?RP: I didn't.FO: You didn't.RP: Wild boar, that was good. Porcupine was good, verygood. They have a good flavor. And all kinds of birds, guinea fowl in particular was very good. They were wild.FO: Did you go hunt them?RP: Oh, yes.FO: I see.RP: I have some very good pictures of a trip we took tothe branch of the Zambezi River up on the Kabompo, we called it. And the few pictures we could get showing some of the hunting. Have you got time?FO: Oh, sure, let me turn this off. I'll close it out in a few minutes.RP: This is when we came into Capetown. That was my first--. This was in Chingola in 1939. Now they put up a pole like this, then they would go around and11 5
  ROBERT R. PORTER #4whistle and listen for prey--.FO: I see.RP: That was the whole office for all of the officials ofthe government. This is our shopping center.FO: Oh, I see. Now this is a policeman?RP: No, that's just a native that's dressed up for apicnic. FO: Oh, I see.RP: And this is Bond Street in Chingola, and that's our shopping center.FO: I see. Now, where are you?RP: This is ---?---.FO: ---?--- sight seeing.RP: They had Singer sewing machines and they would makeuniforms for the natives. And they were hand cranked. And they would go like mad. Now this is another picture of Bond Street.FO: And a Ford car.RP: Now this is Rose's ---?---.FO: Yes, yes.RP: Now this is Roman.FO: Oh, yes.RP: That's our house, and this is our house. Now theseweren't staff houses because they hadn't built the staff houses.11 6
 ROBERT R. PORTER #4FO: I see.RP: Everybody had the same color of house. Here's PaulRenaud, and this is one of the--? That's the diningroom ---?---.FO: I see. Now is Paul Renaud from France?RP: Yeah, he is a Frenchman. Actually, I think he is aHuguenot.FO: Oh, I see a Huguenot.RP: Now, this is the river, the Kafue River. Now this isanother view of it. Now, this river was full of fish,and I had been up the river with a boat.FO: So you could eat lots of fish.RP: Oh, yes. They were bream they would call them, andthen those tiger fish and pike. And the tiger fish and pike were too bony. The natives would eat them. But the bream were nice, like bass.FO: I see.RP: And I've been on the river when one guy was shootinga duck or a goose, another guy was shooting a buck off the bank, and another guy was pulling in a fish. Now these are ---?--- rallies ---?---. Now here's a hunting trip.GT: Oh, yes. Now here's a--that is--RP: That's a eland that's a hind quarter of a eland. GT: That's what you shot.117
  ROBERT R. PORTER #4RP: They're big. They are about two thousand pounds.FO: I can tell.RP: And this is a buzzard. And this is how we went outthere.FO: Oh, sure.RP: We took a cook on our boat, and ---?---.FO: It 1ooks 1ike an o1d Dodge truck. Isn't thatfascinating.RP: Now, here is a wild boar that I shot.FO: They are rather big, aren't they?RP: Yeah, now this is fish. We dried those, and we madebiltong. Now, biltong you cut the meat in long strips, thin like jerky, and let it dry and smoke it, and salt it. Let the flies get to it.FO: I see.RP: Now, here's the Nchanga hospital. This is our golfclub.FO: That's pretty good for 1941, isn't it?RP: This is the pool in Nkana. It's beautiful. That was awell established place. This was one of the clubs onthe river. This was our house.FO: Oh, look at this. Look at the fashions then. The veryboxy double-breasted suits and the long skirts.RP: Oh, boy, these were fashion suits. They were alltailor made, too.11 8
 ROBERT R. PORTER #4GT: Oh, yeah, I'll bet. Lovely, lovely.RP: Very good wool. These are pictures down the coast.Now, these were our house boys and this was my house in Johannesburg. This was when we moved in, and this was when we ---?---.FO: I see. It was a new house, huh? And that was in Johannesburg.RP: Oh, yeah, later.FO: That was later. That comes in the next tape, huh.RP: Well, or the next two. I will have to tell you aboutNkana.FO: Oh, you sure do.RP: Oh, this is an interesting picture that I dug out. OnVE Day when the war was finished in Europe, the resident engineer--they hooked up all the phones to give the victory sign or the ring. And every time you would hear da, da, da. And this was a party and we had champagne and stout.FO: Oh, I see. That's wonderful. Where's this?RP: That's ---?---.FO: Okay, well, I think that maybe we had better end fortoday then. I'm sorry to have kept you on for a whiletoday.RP: That's all right. It was pretty good. FO: I love old cars.119
  ROBERT R. PORTER #4RP: I'll have to tell you this story. My father came out.He made a trip out.FO: Oh, he made a trip to Africa to visit.RP: Yeah, In ---?--- and we went out to Kruger gamereserve--[End of side one and end of tape.]120
 HE FOLLOWING IS A TAPE RECORDED INTERVIEW MADE IN FEDERAL HEIGHTS IN SALT LAKE CITY ON WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1 0 , 1 9 8 4 . FLOYD O'NEIL IS INTERVIEWING ROBERT R. PORTER. [TAPE #5]FO: Mr. Porter, this is, I think, tape #5 in a series. When we left off last time, we were talking about your arrival and the situation when you got to Africa.RP:Yes, at that time war had been declared and, consequently, in order to get a passage to Africa, the normal routes were closed, that is to London, to South Hampton, to Capetown, and so I had to find a Dutch freighter to sail direct and we sailed from Hoboken on, oh, it was about mid-September. War had been declared very shortly before that in August.So that the first of September a sort of chain reaction of the invasion of Poland had just happened. That is correct.So it's mid-September 1939.And found the Dutch freighter.Do you remember the name of it?Gepara.G-e-p-a-r-a?Right. And this was a very new ship with Javanese sailors and Javanese help.Orderlies and so on.The captain and the first officer and all theFO:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:121
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5 officers were Dutch.FO: Do you remember the name of the captain?RP: I'm trying to remember. The one captain I had coming back was Uderman( ?) , but I don't think that was the guy's name. On board were some Dutch people that were going back to Java then which was Batavia andSurabaya. Batavia was then the capital.FO: Where Jakarta is now.RP: And these were very nice people. The lady wasJavanese. Her husband was head of the electrical commission in Batavia, and they had a daughter with them. They'd been visiting the United States. And we had a good time together. Another passenger was a young man named Bloch who had been in New York studying and had to go back, or wanted to go back to join his regiment in Kenya.FO: Fight in the war.RP: And we struck up a very good acquaintance, and itstill continues.FO: You still are acquainted with those folks.RP: Well, not the Hutermans(?). They got lost in the war.I've never heard from either of them after they left the ship. And I presume that Gepara met with something during the--FO: War.122
  ROBERT R. PORTER #5RP: During the Pacific war.FO: So the ship was going to Capetown and then on toBatavia.RP: Yes, with a load of machinery and other things fromthe U.S. port. It was twenty-one days out of New York to Hoboken to Capetown. We put in for the one half a day at Trinidad for refuel--fill up the tanks ---?---. At that time, oil from Trinidad was the cheapest you could get in the world.FO: Did you get off the ship at Trinidad?RP: Yes, and that was British possessions, of course. Wewent to the very famous hotel there--I've forgotten the name of it, and I had planters punches [laughter].FO: I'm taking it that the stop at Trinidad was a lot of fun.RP: Yes, it was a very pleasant island at that time, and it was hot at that time of the year. It's hot there all the time. But on the way to Capetown we had our lights on the side of the ship and big letters, "Dutch" and "Neutral" so that the subs wouldn't get us.FO: And already the subs were sinking ships.RP: That's right. They had them prepared, and there had been a sinking reported off the coast of Africa, and123
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5RP: FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:Witwatersrand?That is a part of the series.Oh, I see, it's part of the Rand.There is the West Rand, West Witwatersrand, and the East Witwatersrand, the central. All the whole exter.t of the thing is about a hundred and fifty miles.It's that long.Uh-huh.Is it mined the whole distance?Most of the way.Is that right?In various mines all the way along the reef. They call it the reef and there's several of them, several series of conglomerates. But, in any case, we went to Johannesburg and met with the consulting engineers there. The chief engineer was a fellow by the name of Nair(?), and I'll tell you more about him later. And we went on the train from there to Rhodesia. The towns have changed names completely, but you go up to Mafeking first. I don't know whether you know of Mafeking as famous in the Boer War, the seige of Mafeking, and then to Francistown in Botswana which has now changed its name, and then on to Bul awa yo. You spent the day in Bulawayo and changed trains there from the South African railways to the125
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5Rhodesian railways. Now, these railways were completely different than anything that I was used to. They were compartmentized and very dirty because of the coal smoke. They were fired by coal, and actually they tried to keep them clean, but it was impossible. Soot would blow in the windows, and there was no air. But, in any event, it took--from Capetown to Johannesburg was a day and a half, and then from Johannesburg to Bulwayo was another day and a half which is three days. Then to the Copperbelt, or Ndola was another two days; so you were five days on the train, and nights.How many miles was that?FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:It's over two thousand miles.So it would be like Chicago to Los Angeles.Right, but the trains go slow and they stop at every station, and they still do, except the express. But there was no express in those days, and there was just one train, period, twice a week.Two a week.That's one of the reasons why we had to wait in Capetown.I see. The train had just gone.And on the way up it was very interesting because we had never seen anything quite like it. I mean, the126
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5natives were very primitive, and they'd all come out to see the train and push their little curios and so on, on you. But they were very reasonable, and also the Pickanins or youngsters--Pickanins is a native word for a child, which means "small" in their language. And this is a universal word for all over Africa. They had flies around their eyes and very extended bellies and so on and looked pretty malnutritioned, but they seemed very happy. And you'd throw a few pennies, and, boy, there was a real scramble. But they told us not to go too far with that, not throw any silver or anything like that. They were all copper, otherwise there would have been a real fight.FO: There'd be a struggle.RP: Yeah, and that was plenty in those days. A penny wasa lot of money in Rhodesia in those days.GT: It was still the Great Depression years, wasn't it? RP: Well, yes, and also the natives got along withnothing practically. A few pennies bought quite a bit of stuff for them in meal and food and little odds and ends. We stopped at Victoria Falls crossing the bridge. The sight of the falls is fantastic. I have some very interesting pictures, or prints rather, which you might be interested in. t>/hen Livingston127
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5first discovered it, he was the first white man to see the falls, and at that time the native word for the falls was the smoke that thunders. This is because of the huge mist that flies up in the air and the roar of the falls. You can hear them for miles. I think Sir Thomas Bayne went with Livingston, and he was a marvelous artist. He painted pictures of the falls at that time, at Livingston's time when he first found it. And they're very, very interesting. They published this brochure or pamphlet of his drawings on its hundredth anniversary.FO: And it's the hundredth anniversary edition that you picked up a few years ago.RP: In Bulawayo.FO: I see, in Bulawayo. I see. Interesting.RP: He painted native scenes all over Africa. He was avery famous African painter, I don't suppose he'd be recognized in this country, but in Europe he would. So on the way up we arrived in Ndola and were met by the consulting Anglo-American heads that had the operations up there. They were controlled, but the way the thing worked was that they had one resident m etallurgist, one resident engineer who reported directly to Johannesburg. The mines themselves were completely independent in managernent, but they got128
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5their word from Johannesburg, but they were autonomous as far as hiring or running the mines them selves. Completely autonomous. W ell, it was impossible to run the thing two thousand miles away in that primitive area.It was a bit distant anyway.And no radio that would get that far. There were telephones, but very unsatisfactory.Does that imply, Mr. Porter, that they were very careful in the persons they sent out into those distant places?Yes, they were. They had to be, but they made a few mistakes.I'm sure of that.And some of the people that they had employed--for example, one of the consulting engineers who was employed by Nchanga mines and Anglo-American was an American native Tex Romig.R-o-m-i-g. Where is he from, do you know?Climax by Libdon(?). He came directly from Climax and he was the highest paid man on the payroll. He got a fantastic salary in those days for the mine. He was working on a daily basis and he had a house and everything that goes with it. His chief forte was blockading which is the method of mining used atFO:RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:129
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5Climax and they wanted to establish this in Nchanga, this blockading.FO: Does blockading mean that you mine under it and let it drop or blow it off with dynamite?RP: More or less, but you put an undercut first and then put some billholes and let it fall. But there 1 s drifts along to withdraw the ore out. And the space underneath is filled up with broken ore you see. Nchanga was a very rich mine, but they wanted to start this blockade so he hired a 'couple of timbermen from somewhere, I don 1 t know where, Climax or somewhere.FO: Were they from the United States too?RP: Yes, these were supposedly experts. And then Tex hada brother-in-law that he hired, but he was a good fellow. He was really a nice fellow. He was one of my best copper ---?---, and he became later general manager at Broken Hill, which is another mine. There were two other fellows, and I had to get them passage on a Norwegian freighter coming out of New York because London was in a complete shamble. And one of them I had to send back within about a half a month because he was shacking up with all the native women, that was vertboten. And he was drunk all the time. That was an expensive trip.130
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5FO: I'll bet.RP: The rest of them were very decent fellows, but nogreat shakes, you know, bright. Most of the mining engineers and the engineering department itself were experts on the mine because they were all Scots. Scotch engineers were very well known in mining.FO: What about Romig and the block system? Did it work there?RP: Yes, for a while. They went open pit after a while. They dug out a huge hole there to get to the ore, but that was later. But anyway, as I think I mentioned, this was an extremely wet mine, and that in order to get the ore out you had two declines or inclines that--either term is accepted. And one was completely sealed off, no access to the mine workings excepting four holes and valves so that the water could drain down into the huge sump and be pumped out. The other was a Manway(?) and Tramway(?), and this had a fifteen degree slope and was powered by an endless rope which we called Cocopan(?)Trail. And the idea was to hook mine cars onto this cable and pull one car after another up the decline. And this was a pilot plant that I went through, and it had the capacity of about four or five hundred tons a day. And being wartime, it wasn't too bad. There was131
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5plenty of supplies around, and they'd had enough sense to order some spare parts. In a remote area 1ike that you have to order for three years ahead, all your spares because they had to come from overseas, everything. There was very little--well, we did have a foundry at the mine. It was small. And town had a good one and a good machine shop which was thirty miles down the road, but most of the stuff was all imported, balls, mills--You used ball(?)mills then.Yes, and the spare parts, and the flotation spares and all the flotation reagents, everything had to be--Even the chemicals were --?-- South Africa.Well, they came from South Africa, some of them. But South Africa at that time imported most of their stuff as well for their gold mines. But as the war progressed, of course, it became more and more progressive and became a huge manufacturing center for mining machinery which was a great help for the Copperbelt. But supplies were very limited all during the war years, and lots of things we had to improvise to make up ---?---So that a good portion of your time was spent onmaintenance and repair. 132FO: RP:FO: RP:FO:
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5RP: Not mine. I was a young fellow; I was onlytwenty-eight at the time. I was the youngest mill superintendent they've ever had around that area. And being a pilot plant it was desirous to have somebody who would pay attention to the metallurgy, that's all, not the day-to-day--FO: Operations.RP: Well, operations, yes, but not maintenance. We had aFO:RP:FO:RP: FO:very fine mechanical and electrical engineer as a consultant engineer on the mine. He was in charge of all the maintenance on the mine. I had a good foreman from his department that reported to me and to him jointly, and I would go to this fellow, Tom Mitchell, and show him what changes I wanted made that day. Then he'd go on to Percy Bennett and Percy would say, "Okay, Tom, do what he wants." It was that simple. And were these men, Bennett and so on, were they Scotsmen?Yeah, Bennett was, of course, Scotch, and then Tom Mitchell was Scotch.It seems that there were a great number of Scots who had gone there. Was it simply because of the mining engineering that was the--Well, there was a lot of Welshmen too. Yes, of course, the mining.133
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5RP:FO: RP:FO:FO: RP:But mainly Scots. But during that period prior to that, there had been a big depression in Scotland and the engineers and miners and so on all migrated either to Canada or to South Africa or up on the Copperbelt. There was a big number of them.You found them efficient.Very efficient, and very knowledgable and very good natured.Very nice.[end of side one]--back to where--there was an Englishman--There was an Englishman, or English background, but he had been a mine manager on Springs Mine in the Reef, and got his mining degree in England, and then was manager there, and then he was shipped up to the Copperbelt. Now he had no metallurgical background at all because on the Witwatersrand and on all the mines in that area, the mine manager was always the manager because about ninety percent of the money was spent underground. Now it was different on the Copperbelt because you had the huge metallurgical facilities, and consequently the mine managers were miners but knew nothing about metallurgy.FO: I see. So the processing of the ores was a much bigger part of the processing.134
  ROBERT R. PORTER #5RP: And on the Witwatersrand there was just a smallcyanide plant tacked on the end of a big shaft, and thousands of men underground. At Nchanga at that time I had two hundred on the payroll, that's Europeans, so that the complement of Europeans was small.FO: Before you go on with that, how many of those classified as the Europeans would have been American?RP: Three of us.FO: That's all, okay.RP: Four.FO: Four, okay.RP: One Canadian.FO: Okay, thank you. Just wanted to get the facts.RP: And a few South Africans and the rest were--well,quite a few South Africans and then a lot of Scotch people, miners. At that time there was, I think, two thousand natives underground and on the surface. It was a fairly large complement, and these natives lived in compounds. And unlike the Witwatersrand where they would go on single status, these natives could bring their families.FO: Were any of them from the region or were they brought in?RP: They were all regional natives, and in order to go underground or in any jobs it was a constant training135
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5project. There \vere seven languages in northern Rhodesia, different languages, and one native couldn't understand another, only a few words, you know. If you were one tribe out in Mongoo(?), you couldn't understand a guy from Nyasaland. No way. So there was a common language that was developed by the mines all over Africa, and it's called Fonegalo(?).FO: How do you spell it?RP: F-i-g-a-1-o-w(?) I don't--but anyway, it's a mixtureof Zulu, of Afrikaans, of English, of native tongues. But it's universal. In the south below the Congo border this is a universal language among everybody. Kitchen Kaffir is another word for it.FO: Kitchen Kaffir.RP: Right.FO: The Kaffir is K-a-f-f-i-r.RP: Right. And north into the Congo and further northSwahili is the predominant tongue. It's again universal clear up into Sudan and up into Kenya, all though north Africa--or central Africa.FO: Central Africa, yeah. Did you learn any of this?RP: Not much because--a little Fonegalo.FO: A little Fonegalo helped, huh?RP: Yeah. But I didn't learn Afrikaans, which isunfortunate because everybody spoke English on the 136
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5mine, I mean all the managers and everybody else. Even the Afrikaners spoke pretty good English up there, but if they went to South Africa they wouldn't know the English, the same one. [laughter]FO: RP:I see. You can understand that, can't you?Yes, very easy. But in any case, see, these compounds were located outside of the mine township, but the natives were well taken care of. They were allowed so much mealy meal a month. Mealy meal is corn meal. And the sack of corn meal, and so much meat every day or every week, and the women would fix it up. So much beer, so much sugar, so much of this. Now if you had a servant, you had to supply them the same rations, and you had to supply him with his uniforms. The mine supplied him clothing, everything.Including boots and so on.All his clothing, everything, particularly his mine clothing. That was very strict because it was protective clothing. And the native would cook this stuff over open fires or in their houses. And, of course, it smoked out everything, but they never opened the door or window. They liked the smoke.I see, they liked the cooking smoke.know why, but they loved it because that was the way 137FO: RP:FO:RP: Well, they just liked smoke in their eyes. I don't
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5they'd always lived in their little kaffir huts. The Rondaavels they called them.FO: The Rondaavels?RP: Rondaavels is a round house with a thatched roof ontop.FO: A conical roof, huh.RP: Right, and one hole in the center for the chimney andone door, no windows. So it comes clearly, they'requite used to the smoke.FO: They had to be, didn't they?RP: But these houses were brick houses in the compound.There was limited area, but they were separate so that you could put about three thousand or two thousand huts or houses in the compound with their own sewage system and so on, and bathing system which is quite different from what the natives were used to.FO: Oh, of course.RP: And when they came in, they were pretty well prettyraw. For example, they might even put a wheelbarrow on their head, you know, because that's the way they worked in the bush.FO: The way they'd carry things, sure. You lift it up on your head and walk away with it.RP: And there were lots of peculiarities that way among 138
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5the natives, and so, consequently, the training program was quite important.I'm sure. How well were they paid do you know?Yes, they were paid very little by our standards.Of course. Butittookahellofalotofthemtodoalittle bit of work. In those days and still today to a certain degree, in those countries like Rhodesia and so on, it was a heck of a lot cheaper to hire ten natives to do one job than it was to buy a machine because it would always break down and you'd have to get spare parts ---?--- anywhere--If you get the spare parts.And the mechanics were not good, I mean for routine maintenance. For example, where we'd use a fork lift or something like that, they'd use ten natives to pick up a rail and move it along singing all the way and having a great time.And the African tradition of singing is no myth.Oh, absolutely not, they have beautiful voices.I know.Particularly when they get in a chorus, they get into a chorus, and they sing, and they had a leader who sings the melody, and then they all join in the chorus. Going down the road, it's a beautiful sight.FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:139
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5And they dance all night. The drums go.FO: Could you hear the drums every night? RP: Oh, every night.FO: RP: FO: RP:Every night, huh.I'll get to that a little later.Okay.But in any event, we started out in the mine in Nchanga with the sister pilot plant, as I say. Well, by making several changes in the metallurgy and the flotation and the washing plant and so on, I managed to get that six hundred ton plant up to twelve hundred tons a day which was quite a project during the war. They were planning on another mill, but there was no material. You couldn't get it during the war.By then was the--this would have been under British rule.Oh yes.Were they really anxious that you produce more?Oh very. We were under the gun. Nobody could leave the mine to go into the armed forces. It would take an act of God or the district--Office.And a lot of the young people were very mad about that.FO:RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:140
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5FO: I'm sure. It was too important.RP: Yeah. The copper was very important, and this was theonly source of copper for the British Empire. Or-- FO: The major source.RP: The major source in pounds sterling monetary system.And when 1940 came along, of course, then the German invasion of Holland and France, and we were in it behind the eight ball. And things got really sticky up there because there was a lot of feeling among the Afrikaners. They didn't want the British to win that war.FO: Oh, I know.RP: They were all Nazis.FO: Wow!RP: Well, they weren't all Nazis, but there was quite ahigh percentage that were Nazi sympathizers. So we had a little stickiness, and there was a lot of agitation working against us, not sabotage exactly, but to put unrest in the natives.FO: Oh, that's how they tried it, huh.RP: First, there was a mine-workers union started, andthis gradually led to a strike on the Nchanga. I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself. In any case, there was a foment after the invasion. And also there was talk of invasion from the Congo, and also from141
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5German East Africa. So we had border patrols out on the Congo border, and some of the guys were put out there. One of the doctors in the mine was put out there on patrol. I mean it was crazy, some of the things that were done. All of the troops in Rhodesia were native, or Black. Askari, they called it, andFO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:they were led by white officers. The police were Black, but also the D.C. was white, the district commissioner. And so things were a little bit sticky, and we couldn't get supplies and that stuff, and so there was quite a bit of rationing. Consequently, I didn't get many photos. We were only allowed one or two films a month.Film was rationed?Oh yes, it was very hard to come by.For heaven's sakes.Well, it was all imported.Yeah, sure.And the gasoline was all imported.Oh, I'll bet that was tough.Yeah. And those on the mine who had cars were mine cars, and we were limited on our gas. I had a mine car, I mean, supplied by the mine company. I had to buy it, but they serviced it, and they took so much out of my wages every month to pay it up. So things142
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5were tough in many respects, but we lived well.FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:Did any--were any foods rationed?No, we could get all the food we wanted except luxury items. There was no way.What was the luxury item? Chocolate? Coffee?Coffee we got from Kenya.Oh, of course, and wonderful coffee.But it was hard to--the transportation was the main problem.Was sugar difficult?No. Natal raises thousands of tons of sugar, and beef and so on. Now, beef cattle couldn't be raised in northern Rhodesia because of the tsetse fly.Oh I see.So they were from Botswanaland or southern Rhodesia. They were shipped up. And they were slaughtered on the mine. The only part that the Europeans ate was the filets, and the rest went to the natives. It was the only thing you should eat.That isn't doing badly, is it?But it was very reasonable, and of course there was buck(?), and eggs were easy, but vegetables were hard to come by because there was a rainy season and you couldn't grow anything. In the dry season, you couldn't grow any vegetables without irrigation. Now143
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5I'11 be getting back to the strike, the European strike.In Nchanga.Yes, in Nchanga there were two camps. There was the old Nchanga and new Nchanga. The old Nchanga was started in 1928. The manager's house and metallurgical laboratories and all that was put up in what they called old Nchanga. These were adobe houses with thatched roofs, and then there was a community hall which housed the cinema, or bioscope as they called it down there.Bioscope?Yeah, that's the word that's used all over Africa for motion picture or the cinema, not a movie. And we got pictures up there, but that was the end of the line for the picture for sure. It was burned after that, never shipped anywhere else.I see, you only got very old things then, huh.And this was a community hall where they played badminton and other--the bioscope, dances. It was a community hall. And the road down there was rough. It was a long way down, about four miles down there on the river, and you had to watch the malaria because it was down in the swampy area. So it wasn't the most healthy place in the world, but the manager had hisFO: RP:FO: RP:FO:RP:144
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5house down there, and the mine's secretary had his house down there, but they were quite nice old houses, but full of white ants. Again, I digressed, but it's--FO: RP:It's okay, fine. The digression is very interesting. In the houses in new Nchanga, these were made out of kiln brick and the floors were solid slabs of concrete. The first layer of brick on the solid slab were very well made because they didn't want any cracks in it. They ran what we called an ant course, which was a piece of tin that stuck out from the brick like this so the white ants couldn't come up. They can't go without water.Oh I see, so it went out and then curved downward so that they couldn't--Like this, you see. And when it broke here, they couldn't make their ant course around.So it was a kind of a L shape.And these floors, and then the brick, and there was no wood except in the rafters. The steel frame--Did the white ants eat the wood?Oh yes. They'd go after anything.They'd eat anything in their way.Now the surprising thing though about the white ant is that he won't go for a live tree. It's only aFO:RP:FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:145
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5fallen tree so that the bushes were cleaned out pretty well of dead wood.They reduce it rapidly.Oh, very rapidly.I see. That is interesting.Now in old Nchanga they had some wooden frames around, and my wife was down there once playing bridge, and two of the windows fell out. [laughter] And there was always something happening to those old houses down there.The old houses, huh.But in any case, we had these concrete floors, and they were polished every day by the natives, waxed with what we called boot polish, and it was a very thick boot polish is what it was. And you had different colors. You had red, yellow, and brown on your concrete floor, and these were waxed every day by the houseboy and polished.FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:Rubbed by hand.Oh yeah. There were no machines.No machines, okay.And then we cooked on wood stoves. The wood was cut from the forests around. It was all forestry, but widely spaced. The bush is not jungle. You could drive a car through it. It's very flat in that146
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5country, but you've got to run into one of these ancient ant hills which contained a hundred cubic yards of material. They were twenty feet high and they pointed due north and south, their axis. They were elliptical.FO: Always.RP: Always.FO: Good heavens.RP: And they were very interesting because the channelswere about a foot in diameter, and they went down to the water table. These were not inhabited by the current white ants, but there were some there, but they must have been huge beasts. And they used them in the mines, and they were placed every hundred yards. Huge things, and you had to carve these things to make a road, or one of these things would be in the way of a house. You'd have to knock it down. And it was every hundred yards. They're huge. And they had bamboo generally on top. The soil was quite good. The interesting part about it was that the bush babies, as we called them, the geologists who went out in the bush would use these as geological tools because they went down to the ant core or down to the water table. It was a good drill hole, and if you've got copper on the cuttings--[laughter] It was a good147
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5FO: Twenty cents, but twenty cents would buy theequivalent of--RP: Well, they had all their found. This was clear.FO:RP: FO:RP: FO: RP: FO:RP: FO:RP: FO: RP: FO:They had a house, they had water, they had sewage system all paid for, they had food, they had clothing, and then they got a shilling a day, and the shilling would buy about as much as three dollars would now in our money.Five.As much as five, and that's a relative thing that I wanted to understand. Their wages plus found, did the found include their family?Oh yes.Even the clothes?No, they had to buy their--They had to buy the women's clothing. But they did furnish them food?And the children's clothing.But they did have the food furnished for the wife and child. The children were all fed.And the hospitalization was given.Medical care was included.Oh yeah.Sounds a little bit like mines everywhere, doesn't it?149
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5RP: Well, it's a little bit, and of course this was allfound. Now the Europeans weren't that badly off either. The average European working on the surface, the mechanics and so on, were paid the equivalent of about fifty pounds a month. Now four dollars was a pound at that time.FO: So that was about two hundred dollars a month which would be the equivalent of around twenty-five hundred a month now.RP: Well, in that order, I guess.FO:RP: FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO:Yeah, nearly so if the relationship was still the same.Right.And so what you have then was a--Well now, in addition to that, he got his house for seven pounds a month. That included all his electricity, all his fuel, all of his garbage collection, the works, house bills, hospital.House repair, hospitalization.The works.In depression years, Bob, that was a lot of money. Oh hell, yeah.They could leave rich.And, now, he had to furnish his servants.How much did a servant cost?150
 ROBERT R. PORTER #5RP: Well, I had seven.FO: You had seven! Good Lord. [laughter] What do youestimate the cost in having seven servants was?RP: It was about twenty pounds a month.FO: Not for all seven?RP: Urn-hum.FO: Twenty pounds a month, eighty dollars--RP: Well, that would include their food.FO: So for eighty dollars a month, American dollars, youwere getting seven servants.RP: Now some of them didn't do much. I will tell youtheir duties. We had a cook boy, and he was good. He was from Nyasaland and he spoke three languages. The natives are extremely good at languages. He spoke French; he spoke his native language; he spoke English well. He was a Fort Jamison boy which is in Nyasaland and mission trained, and Swahili, and he did understand some Afrikaans. He was the cook boy, and he was the boss.FO: Of all the servants.RP: Yeah.FO: And was he a good cook?RP: Oh, he was a good cook after Beverly trained him.FO: I see.RP: But he was a good cook, and he could read and write.151
   ROBERT R. PORTER #5That was a big help.FO: And did he do all the things like the baking of bread?RP: Oh yes, now you understand that there was no fancy--it was all wood stoves. These guys were marvels at wood stoves. All the ironing and all that was done on a table every day, and the washing was done in a wash basin. There was no washing machine.[end of tape]152
       I I.t::I III IIIII!,itI IIII 'II l11:I 'IIiII II.I Ii,I
   THE FOLLOWING IS A TAPE-RECORDED INTERVIEW, #6 IN A SERIES DONE WITH ROBERT R. PORTER. GREG THOMPSON AND FLOYD O'NEIL WILL INTER VIEW . I T I S DONE ON TUESDA Y , OCTOBER 1 7 , 1 9 8 4 .FO: Last time we were together, Mr. Porter, we were talking about--we were about to talk about your move to Nkana. Now, why would you have left--let's see--before that you were at Nchanga?RP: That is correct.FO: What caused the change?RP: Well, the change came about because I had pretty wellcompleted the pilot plan work at Nchanga. The plant was running smoothly, and we were getting good recoveries from the hydrate copper ores. And the same company, Anglo-American, which managed Nchanga, or practically owned it along with Newmont also owned Nkana. And they were setting up a big metallurgical department to test various ores from all over the area.FO: So that Nkana was to become the new-- RP: Central metallurgical lab.FO: Oh, I see. It was a laboratory then. RP: Yeah.FO: Tell me before we leave Nchanga, what do you consider your most important contribution there?RP: Well, it was recovery of oxide copper from a complex copper ore. It contained native copper, azurite,153
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6malachite, covelite(?), and bornite. A whole spectrum of copper minerals. And the sulfides were fairly easily floated. This was a case where the Congo andFO: RP:Nchanga were about the only places in the world at that time which were successfully floating the oxide coppers. It was a little bit unusual in that I had a different set of reagents than they used in the Congo. The Congo used palm oil for their flotation, which they had locally. We used a little palm oil, but I saponified it and made soap out of it.Oh, I see, with the addition of lye and so on.It was caustic, and this was one of our reagents, and the other one was hydrosulfide, which we had to import. The xanthates were also imported. All our flotation reagents except for palm oil were imported. The Congo also had some imported reagents, but they were--Did any of this require new technology or was the technology--?It was absolutely new. Tr/ell, I won't say new. It had been known, but not commercially.FO:RP:FO: I see. Yours was the first commercial application.RP: Well, the Congo.FO: Yeah, I see. Was it patentable?RP: No, it had been published in laboratory work. You see154
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6GT: RP: FO:RP: FO:RP: FO: RP:you had to do laboratory work before you could go out in the field.Do a pilot plant.Yeah.Had you seen that work in a laboratory in Connecticut or New Jersey?Both.Both, I see, so that you knew what you were doing. You must have been in the pretty good graces of the Anglo- American Company if you were chosen to go on to the new big laboratory.Well, it wasn't a big laboratory. We--Oh, it was a small laboratory.The problem was that this was during the war, you understand, and there was no building materials available and so we took what we could get. And this was part of the old single quarters, an old adobe building which was part of the old geological department. They'd moved into a new building and restructured that, and I built a pilot plant, a small pilot plant alongside of another building that we had there. We did some very interesting work in this laboratory. It consisted of not only working again onvarious ores from Nchanga, but also from Chilabombwe; which was another copper deposit to the north of155
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6Nchanga and almost on the Congo border, and Solwezi which was out to the west, and then working on Broken Hill lead, zinc, vanadium project which I had worked on in Connecticut. That's why I went to Africa. Then the Nkana had a very peculiar problem. The ores contained a small amount of cobalt. At that time it was about three-and-a-half to four percent copper, mainly sulfides, bornite, copper pyrite, but there were two cobalt minerals. Cobaltite, which is a copper-cobalt complex, and it was very desirable during wartime to get as big a recovery as you could out of these ores. Now, their practice was to make a copper-cobalt concentrate, and then in the smelting of the product the slags were then treated. They had two slags: high cobalt and low cobalt concentrate in the converters. The high-cobalt concentrate, the slags from that were treated in an electric furnace. And an alloy, a copper-cobalt alloy, was made which was shipped to England for refining. We didn't refine it there. But one of my jobs which was later adopted, was to try and make refined cobalt from an entirely different process which worked and is now in operation.FO: Still being used.RP: Oh yes. Now another--156
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6FO: RP:FO:RP:How did you do that?By roasting this concentrate, the cobalt concentrate, and rendering it water soluble or acid soluble, and then electrolyzing the cobalt from that. Now they have done that in the Congo, electrolyzing cobalt. The Congo is very rich in cobalt, Zaire.Now was this a patentable process the way you did this? Still not patentable.No, however, there was one feature of it that I did patent, but only through the South African patent office, which at that time it was in the union. A South African patent was also structured so that it was valid in the United Kingdom, all through the empire. Now that has changed. You see patent offices since the republic have completely changed. And this was a separation of cobalt and iron in solutions by selectively dropping--sulfiting the things at various PH's, and this worked.Now is that patent still being used?No, there was no royalties or anything attached to it, but the process could be used. And this was rather an unusual patent--nearly killed it, blackmailed with it. There were two ways of getting this cobalt. One was to make a matte out of it by adding pyrite which we had plenty of, and make aFO: RP:157
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6matte out of it, and then dissolve this matte in acidFO: GT:RP:FO:RP:and generate H2S. The H2S was absorbed in lime, and this made a calcium sulfide, -ide. By the addition of this calcium sulfide to this solution, you could selectively separate the cobalt from the iron. But it had to be fairly carefully controlled because the generation of the H2S had to go through a vacuum pump, and if there wasn't enough lime there or the reaction had gone more to completion, you got H2S coming off, which is a very deadly gas. A native went into this place and got knocked cold like that. Fortunately, somebody was there to drag him out. It was scary.I'll say.Now, what was the purpose of patenting the process? Was it a protection purpose?It was for protection only because of the Congo, that was all.Now, when you went to work at this new laboratory, did you have anything there or did you set up the lab?We had a little bit of material, and we scrounged around Broken Hill and everywhere. Supplies were very difficult to get, but we did set up a good chem lab, a good metallurgical lab with the equipment that we158
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6scrounged around from all the various mines. We even went to Luanshya, that is the Selection Trust. Now you must understand that this whole complex was more or less government controlled in the respect that you had a fixed price for copper, and everybody was working for the war effort. It was very important that we get copper out of that area so everybody was very willing to chip in and work together.Now with the lab, tell me, was the lab as big as this room? Ten times as big as this room?Oh, it was divided into three sections. There was one chemical lab which was analysis, and we had a Canadian girl in the microscopic division--very good equipment. And then in a separate building was a metallurgical division so that we had actually three buildings. The assay lab or the analytical lab was probably about eighty feet by forty feet, and then there were offices alongside of it.How long did you work in the lab? How long were you involved in that operation?RP: Well, until the time that I left in 1946, right at the end of the war.GT: So you were there--RP: Four years.GT: And out of that time, if you had to articulate whatFO:RP:GT:159
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6you felt was your major accomplishment, what would that have been?RP: I would say that the one major accomplishment that I established and which is now one of the basic ways of treating the Nchanga otes was the f1otation of low-grade copper concentrate, oxide concentrate from the Nchanga ores and treating this with sulfuric acid which we could produce from the smelter gasses, and electrolyzing this. This is now one of the largest electrolytic copper complexes in the country--or in the world.GT:RP:GT:RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:And this was the beginning operation for that process.Then also the separation of the vanadium from some of the old dumps at Broken Hill.I see. So you were going back through the piles and reworking them.Yeah.Wasn't vanadium one of the critical--on the critical list?You bet.For hardening steel, as I recall.Right, and Broken Hill also had two processes. The lead-zinc process was for the sulfite ores, but they also had a silicate ore which contained quite a bit160
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 6of vanadium. The vanadium was leeched separately and recovered, but this was from the ore. Now there was a lot of vanadium in the tailings because of the sulfite tailings and so on, and the silicate ores. And this was also put into practice, but after the war, why, there wasn't the demand for it, and so theyjust continued making the red cake. The red cake isthe vanadium oxide.FO: A vanadium oxide.RP: Yes. And one of the interesting things about BrokenHill is that that was one of the only zinc processing plants on oxide ores which treated a silicate ore because silicates are very difficult to treat. However, there was cheap power there. There was a big fall in the Luangwa Valley which generated hydroelectric power, and also there was everything you needed to process this ore. There was the 1ime and all the other ingredients needed to produce the thing.FO: Orient me for just a minute. The river that that hydroelectric plant was on was the Luangwa?RP: Luangwa. It was a tributary. It went off the escarpment.FO: And where it went off the escarpment it was easy to build a--161
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6RP: Hydroelectric plant.FO: Was that the sorts for most of those mines?RP: No, I was going to add that all the power wasgenerated by coal from Wankie and also waste heat, and all the smelting was done by coal from Wankie which is in southern Rhodesia. And this is probably one of the world's largest and best-grade coals in the world, in southern Rhodesia. Now in that vein it's interesting to note that during the war, why, rolling(?) stock got very, very difficult. The locals were breaking down. The southern Rhodesians and the South Africans wanted their trucks back; so the delivery of coal from Wankie became very serious.We'd get very little and not enough to run the smelters. Consequently, the waste heat from the reverbs which also generated power was limited. So we had auxiliary firing on the boilers, and this was generated by coal; so it was necessary to find another source of fuel. Well, the woods were loaded. I mean there were forests all over and there was thousands of natives put out into the cutting of wood to fire the boiler. Now, this wood was teak, and they would call it Rhodesian teaks. It's very hard wood, and different species of teak were around. Now, once you cut them in long logs, you had to saw them. Some162
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6of these species of teak contained a tremendous amount of silica going up in the sap, like sand.FO: That's what I'm sitting here being incredulous about. You mean the sand actually--RP: No, but it was silica and it precipitated in the log, right inside. When one of those would hit the saw, there was no blades left.FO: I see. It would chew the saws up.RP: Yes, so you had to be very careful in selecting notto get those trees. Thousands of acres were cleared, but they came back very fast. They're still left. But the amazing thing about this teak wood--it's very heavy, of course--but I have to tell you a story. When Lanier(?) went up originally to do the drilling on the Copperbelt way back when, 1927, '28, he sent up a gang from Minneapolis. And they came out with all their drill rigs and all the stuff up on the rail to Ndola because the rail went on through to the Congo, and so they went out to the Kafue with all their stuff, trucked it out there, got to the Kafue River. Well, here it was, no bridge, nothing, so--a lot of wood. So they said, "Well, we'll make a raft and float this stuff across." The natives said, "Nah." These guys knew it all, they knew how to make a raft. So they made a raft, and the natives said,163
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6"Boss, this is not going to work." [laughter] So theyFO:RP:FO:RP:FO: RP: FO:RP: FO: RP: GT:FO:RP:FO:launched their raft and it immediately went to the bottom of the river.And their ingenuity does not work. How did they get it across?They had to make a pontoon--a boat and pull it across.The teak was that heavy, huh.Oh yes.Well, you know a raft will lift a lot of weight.Not when the wood is heavier than the water.Yes, of course not. I bet the natives were dying laughing.They were.You say these guy were from Minneapolis?Yes.They were probab1y used to rafting up and down the river.Up and down the Mississippi, huh. That is funny. With this wood cutting, didn't that entail hiring a vastly bigger crew?Oh yes. Actually, this was done under contract by entrepreneurs from the various mining camps. It was all over from Mufulira(?) to Nchanga.Were the entrepreneurs natives?164
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6RP: No. They would recruit vast numbers of these nativesand fed them and housed them and so on.FO: Did it increase the cost a lot of producing copper tou s e wood?RP: Not too much because--it was inconvenient as hellbecause you didn't have the stokers or the firing mechanism for firing, or the boilers, and so you had what we called dual fire. It was wood on one side and partly with coal on the other, what little coal or what coal we had.GT: Did that cause problems with trying to keep the heat even?RP: It was difficult, but there were good engineers on that project. They were very good engineers, and they knew their business, particularly on boilers. These are all Scotsmen, and they were very, very good.GT: Now at this time--you were there until 1946. RP: Yeah.GT: And your wife was with you.RP: Oh yes, and we had a house on the Slimes Darn. FO: The Slimes Dam?RP: Yeah, it was next to the Slimes Dam, and we had a nice house there, and it was on a corner lot. The township of Nkana was very much more civilized than Nchanga. It was a beautiful township. We had a good165
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 6golf course. We had tennis courts. 1/le had a mine club. Everything you wanted--horses. Incidentally, the horses had to be immune to the tsetse fly.There are certain breeds that are immune?FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:GT: RP:No, they already had the disease.They had it and survived it; so they were the only ones they could have, right?And as I told you, the cattle had to come up from the south.Cattle just couldn't withstand the malaria.They were not immune to the tsetse fly; so they were all imported from Bechuanaland mainly, which is now Botswana.Did you have any children at this time?Yes, we had one child. I explained in our last interview to Floyd that my first child was born in 1940 on New Year's Eve of 1940 and '41. He was the first child born in the new Nchanga hospital. Then my second son, Christopher, was born in the Nkana hospital. It was a good hospital, and there were quite a few doctors there, and the big native hospital was there as well. We had some fairly good doctors, but they were not the best in the world. Let's put it that way. My wife went down two thousand miles on the train to Capetown to get an166
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 6 American-trained dentist.FO: Oh, my Lord.RP: That's what stock she put in the dentistry up in theCongo.GT: She had a four thousand mile trip to do her dentalwork.FO: Wow! That's a long, tough trip.RP: It's five days each way. Well, of course, she spentsome time down there. FO: Of course.RP: There in Johannesburg. During this period, also as I told you, gasoline was rationed, and so when you wanted to go on a holiday--we went three times down to the cape during this period, once from Nchanga and twice from Nkana. During one period it was possible to load your car and they give you gas, a very limited amount of gas ---?---. Load your car on a flat car, and pull it along in back of the rail car, and use your car in the cape. Also, when that stopped, which was after things got really rough after the invasion of France and the low country, why, we took bicycles and rode in the cape on bicycles.FO: You went all the way to Capetown rather than just going to Johannesburg, huh.167
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6RP: Well, Cape was by water. You needed to get to thecoast to get out of the heat and that. FO: Swimming?RP: The Cape is a beautiful, beautiful place. It's one of the most gorgeous places I've ever been; so everybody either went to Durban or to Capetown if it was in the summer--our summer, which is your--FO:RP:Their winter.I mean, our summer in the southern hemisphere is the winter here, and we went to the Cape. Other people in the winter went to Durban because it's warm there and very hot in the summer and humid and sticky. One of the other things that was very interesting from here while in my stay in Nkana. I had just developed this ---?--- and ---?--- was very practical to treat the ---?--- changing. ---?--- We needed some money to putup ---?---When mining men talk big money, they don't meanlittle.And also to get the ---?---[end of side one]We'd go down and have coffee in Johannesburg and---?---.Yeah, the beers(?).And head of also ---?--- So the mine managers gotFO:RP:RP:FO: RP:168
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6---?--- Why, I don't know. He and his wife and I wentdown on. the first plane that came up ---?--- and wehad an old ---?--- FO: Oh really.RP: It did have a covered cabin. It was a four passenger compartment, and it had a top speed eighty miles an hour. It would land on a dime. So we took off from Nchanga at the end of the year and went down and we passed over ---?--- a very good ---?--- North Africa during the war ---?--- And he came down on the deck(?) and ---?--- ---?--- experience an airplane before. They'd spread out and go like hell all over the place.GT: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:How big are they?Oh, they're--oh, an antelope's about the size of one of our deer. ---?--- not as big as a moose or an elk. With webbed feet?Well, it isn't webbed.It's just big.Claws that spread. From there we flew over Victoria Falls and then back down almost ---?--- and that was a fantastic sight, and then down the gorge and almost to the half way to--dam, and on down to ---?--- . And down to the bottom of the canyon there were hundreds of elephant, all kinds, but you could see the169
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 6elephant as we were flying very low because there was no problem with ---?--- ---?--- stacked up, why, you'd be all right. Came down and landed at Salisbury, which was a two-day trip.A five-day trip on the train.Yeah.That saves a lot of time.Well, we stayed over night in Salisbury ---?--- And when we got into Johannesburg ---?--- and we had ---?--- all boarded up ---?--- sunk ---?--- drill ---?--- A very spacious office, beautiful, and used the desk and so on. ---?--- He and I were just in the war(?) ---?--- bottom drawer he had a bunch of British ---?--- regular ---?--- ---?--- And so he opened a few and ---?--- they had diamonds wrapped in pieces of tissue paper and pulled out some of the most magnificent gems I've ever seen anywhere. I've never seen anything like it. You can't believe it. Just out of his desk drawer.Yeah. These had come from---?---.---?--- operated ---?--- and there was huge machine. Also on --?-- getting back to Nkana, we flew back and got the ---?--- and they decided that they would ---?--- ---?--- pilot plant ---?---GT: This was the major pilot plant. 170GT: RP: GT: RP:GT: RP:
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 6RP: Well, it was a pilot plant, but then the main plantat Nchanga hadn't been built. You see we were still ---?--- the pilot plant at ten thousand or ---?--- over a thousand tons a day. A big plant had to be built and that was being built also at the same time,and that became a ---?--- ---?---. Then getting back to that, it was interesting that you had all kinds of diamond bits all sorts of things and, of course, being chairman(?) of ---?---, why, Anglo was very interested in doing so. So at that time ---?--- and they owned Christensen Diamond Products in Salt Lake---?---FO: How do you spell it?RP: B-o-a-r-t-s ---?--- which is the word for industrial diamonds either black--they were off-colored diamonds. They were not suitable for gems ---?--- So they had developed a process whereby by ---?--- metallurgy they could make a bit with diamonds and cobalt which ---?--- out ---?--- metals. And they came up to test these things out and they worked very well and they ---?--- ---?--- and so if they had aproblem getting the diamonds--to reuse the diamonds in the pit after they ---?---. They'd wear down and wouldn't cut it properly and turn the faces around, and then prevent ---?--- from making the ---?--- You171
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6can reuse the diamond. They had no way of ---?--- So I had ---?--- Ted Brown who later became chairman of the board and also became director of Anglo-American. And I told him, "Have you tried electrolysis?" ---?--- They put in a ---?--- unit down in the facility in Johannesburg and also at the same time during my stay in the Congo, a fellow by the name of Michael(?)Storch came up to see me. I knew him quite well. He was with Selection Trust and also was on the Copperbelt with a British company ---?--- Copperbelt ---?--- president of Selection Trust. And so he said, "I've been out to ---?--- and there's a property upFO:RP:FO: RP: RP:FO: RP: FO:there with a big ---?--- and I don't want to put this into my lab ---?--- you kept it confidential what you're doing. ---?---His mine dump was in what is now Namibia?Yeah, Namibia and it was Tsumeb, which is one of the fanciest copper mines.It was called what?Tsumeb.I'll show you on the map. If you have that map it's a little easier.I found it here. It is in north central--Here it is T-s-u-m-e-b.And that is in north central Namibia. 172
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6RP: It's way up here, it's on the northern end. That isnot desert. FO: Thank you.RP: The mine has been worked very severely, very much by the Germans ---?--- and it was a complex ore, very complex. But the Germans had used it--this is pre-World War I. And it contained about fifteen percent copper and a lot of lead and a lot of zinc. And so yes, to get the copper out of it ---?--- And so I did some work on it. We took results away and I'm very glad nobody knew anything about it, and, anyway, nothing happened about it until after the war. Peddled this thing to Newmont(?) ---?--- South African ---?--- Arco(?) got five percent of the net.---?--- FO: I'm sure.RP: So he was a very smart guy, very well liked, and some of the shafts ---?---. He was to become president of Kennecott Stephenson, Russ Parker and Stafford were killed in an airplane crash up in Quebec that wiped out the whole Kennecott top echelon.GT: What year was that?RP: Going back to South Africa, I interviewed them outhere--uranium---?--- 1947(?). GT: So shortly after the war.173
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6RP: Right. He was president of ---?--- which is AmericanMetal which ---?--- are so inclined ---?---FO: I see. It's impossible to tell which is which attimes.RP: Right. They've got so many joint ventures with eachother.FO: When you were running this lab, how long did youserve in that lab, the new lab?RP: Well, 1942 to 1946.FO: You were there the entire four years then.RP: Right.FO: And did you like living there better than in Nchanga? RP: Oh yes, it was a big camp more civilized, we couldget around, paved roads, a few paved roads. There was a paved road between there and Mufulira and also Ndola, but there was no pavement in Broken Hill.FO: And all through the war, did you keep your Ford car? RP: No, I sold everything when I came home.FO: But through the war you kept it.RP: Oh yes, it was a mine car. I mean, I bought it. Itwas my car, but---?--- paid for it, and you couldn'tget a car ---?--- no way. There was just a few.FO: Could you get it repaired?RP: Oh yes. There were enough spare parts came up ---?---union.174
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6FO: RP: FO:GT:RP:FO:RP:GT:RP:FO:RP: FO:RP:From the union they sent them up over the railroad. That's right.The mine kept a very fine--incidentally, the mine shops in Nkana were fantastic. They had to be because if you're isolated--spare parts were--Couldn't get parts.Not only that, but it took so long to get parts from ---?--- during the war. You order them, and you might expect them six to eight months, you know. There was no such thing as air carriers.Air freight.Air freight or anything else; so you had to anticipate every need.Did that mean that the shops then developed the capability to machine their own--And also do the castings, and they had a good cast iron foundry, a beautiful foundry. They'd make balls and all kinds of things that required cast iron. There were wear plates, and that sort of thing. Good facilities ---?---Where did you get the iron from?Oh, there was plenty of iron there.Oh, I'm sure there was. You could smelt the iron easily.Well, mainly the iron came from scraps from old175
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6pieces that they just threw into the fountain andmade pig iron out of it, and then refined it slightlyand that was for balls and--FO: So the balls were pig iron.RP: Were white iron, and the liners as well. ---?---Andso everything was--and the electrical shops, the mineshops, the automotive shops were first class.FO: Did you ever try to come home during the war?RP: No way. There wasn't any way we could get home.GT: You were there.RP: You were there.FO: How did the U.S. government regard your being there? RP: Well, they wouldn't let me leave anyway.GT: Because you were in the mining industry?RP: Right.FO: Too important as a national--producing the resources. RP: Two of our children were educated in Nkana so couldchoose Zambian citizenship if they wanted. FO: Did they?RP: No. They are American citizens. And another interesting factor about the stay at Nkana was that we did have, as I said, good facilities and good golf courses and the social life within the camps was very good. We had various competitions of golf and things like that. One thing they were always short of was176
 ROBERT R. PORTER #6golf balls. So golf balls and film and lots of luxuryFO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:items--in any case, we did have a very enjoyable social life.Medicine was all right then. Medicine was available. Oh yes. Only at that time there was not penicillin. There was, however, some antibiotics. Not very much because it hadn't been developed yet.What did you miss most? Was it family? Was it--?Yes, it was my family, but we did get letters every once in a while.How often did the mail come?About once every three months, and then you'd get a stack. Whenever a boat came in to Capetown, it would bring the mail. They'd let it stack up in the United States or Capetown until we had quite a stack of letters. Beverly had ---?--- ---?--- that she should write, talked about our experiences.Oh, she certainly should.Nchanga and Nkana there have been several books written about one particular one ---?--- smoke and thunder ---?--- falls. And that is a beautiful site. In looking back on the African experience, did you think of those days as tough days?No, we really enjoyed it. Why not?Beverly enjoyed Africa as well?GT:RP:FO:RP: FO:177
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 6RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:FO:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:She loved it. Why shouldn't anyone enjoy it when you've got seven servants? [laughter]I see your point.Somebody to look after the kids. Somebody to do this, and somebody to do that, and a good social 1ife, a lot of friends and sundowners as I told you, you would be surprised to see your silver on somebody else's--Table.--table; go over until sundown, and all your food would come over too.Your servants would work with their servants. They made sure you were all lavishly entertained, huh. There was very heavy drinking and ---?---Was it available?Oh, beer was available, no problem.What about scotch?In the bar, in the mine bar, yes, they made sure that there was a supply. The Nkana bar was probably one of the longest in southern Africa. It was lined up forever, but we had an interesting experience, or Ihad several times. This fellow Dougy Collena(?) who ran a brick plant in Johannesburg and made manganese or magnesium and chrome bricks and refractory smelter and the copper for the refinery and so on. He would178
   ROBERT R. PORTER #6come. He was a wild man. His father was the one that had the Premier mine and produced part of the crown jewels. He was quite a wealthy guy, but he was sure a heavy drinker. He would toss his drinks back, and he'd buy everybody in the bar a drink. Some people that were with him ---?--- ---?---Was the drinking a problem?Oh yes. Not too much at work, no.Socially.Socially, and like any mine camp, there was a lot of fellows go on shift and their wives would be a little bit promiscuous during the daytime or nighttime, whichever shift they were on.Of course. That happens the world over. That's mining towns. Was the divorce rate high?It was hard to get a divorce up there because there was no--Was the shooting rate high?GT:RP:GT:RP:FO:RP:GT:RP:I was going to tell you that one time one of the fellows suspected his wife of being a little unfaithful. She was at the swimming pool with her boyfriend. He came home and he didn't find her home, so he went and got a gun and put it in his back pocket, and went up to the swimming pool to blast him. He pulled a gun and he shot himself in the tail.179
  ROBERT R. PORTER #6 [laughter]GT: He was a little anxious, wasn't he?FO: Yes, we can see that it was a mining town.RP: Incidentally, I had a few pictures of Nkana if you'dlike to see them.GT: Do you want to shut this off?FO: I think that this will end the interview then whilewe look at pictures. RP: All right. Thank you.[end of tape]180
 THE FOLLOWING IS A TAPE RECORDING MADE AT SALT LAKE CITY FEDERAL HEIGHTS ON OCTOBER 2 4 , 1 9 8 4 . WE ARE INTERVIEWING R O B E R T R . P O R T E R . G R E G O R Y T H O M P S O N A ND F L O Y D O ' N E I L A R ETHEFO:RP:FO:RP:I N T E R V I E W E R S . T H I S I S T A P E # 7 .Mr. Porter, we left off last time during the later part of your sojourn in Africa the first time. What is our first subject today?I think that it would be well to follow from there back to the United States, and then again back to Johannesburg.Good enough.In 1946 just after the war in Europe had finished, it was very, very difficult to get back to the states, and I had accumulated six weeks leave. And I had toomuch gear. ---?--- In any case, I felt that my sojourn in the Copperbelt had just about had it. The kids were getting to school age, and I wanted to get into a better situation as far as their schooling and so on was concerned. So my wife, right after the war, took a ship out of Durban and this happened to be a returned troop ship. I don't know how she got on it. I don't know, but it was just packed.Where did she take it from?Durban. With two children, and she got very deathly ill. The Cape rollers going around the seas are rough.GT:RP:181
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7FO: So I've heard.RP: They landed in Boston, and her father met her so sheFO: RP: FO: RP:went on out to Salt Lake. Her father was doing the New York area at the time. It was about four months later, I sailed out of Durban on the staff marine ship called the African Sun, which is a modern ship but it was also kind of wartime accommodations. They were only suppose to carry fourteen passengers, but without ---?--- they crowded it up a little bit. Some of the fellows who had to get home, or wanted to get home, were sleeping in the gun troop quarters under deck. It was hotter than hell. But I, fortunately, knew the captain, a staff marine, and I got a cabin along with a Mr. Hewett, who owns big sugar plantations in Africa and did a lot of business with staff marines. So, anyway, I also pulled into New York, and it was cold.Was it the winter of '47-48? Forty-six.It was '46-47.Yeah. Then, I more or less made up my mind that I was going to leave Africa at that time, and I told them I was going to look for another position in the states. So I went into New York, and Arthur(?)Stork, who I mentioned before was with Selection Trust, owned two182
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 7copper mines on the Copperbelt and was also in administrative supplies for the British government, procured nonferrous metals: copper, lead, and so on, during the war. And he'd come to New York. He wasn't originally an American but---?---, and he came to New York as head of Finite(?)Molybdenum which at that time was a subsidiary of Selection Trusts. Selection Trusts is a big company. And so knowing him from my experiences in Rhodesia, I went up to see him. He said, "I'll send you out to Salt Lake in charge of the new refinery that they're building out there at Kennecott." Well, that sounded like a good idea. [laughter] "But I think I got a better job." And so I came on ---?--- just let it sit on ice for a while. "I'11 let you know." So I went out to Salt Lake and started on my leave. About a month or so later I was living at Beverly's mother's and her ---?---, and we were altogether there with the two children. It was kind of crowded, but we made out. And a man came to the door and said, "I want to talk to you." He was John Gustavson. Now, John at that time was head of the Manhattan project, which had been changed to the Atomic Energy Commission. And he sat down and said, "This is very confidential. Do you mind if we have nobody around?" So we went out, and he said, "We have183
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7---?---." And he said, "We have a job that might fill your situation. Arthur told me about it." Arthur was also on the Atomic Energy Commission.FO: RP:Although he was a British citizen?Yes. Well, he had sort of a dual deal. But he was advisor to the A.E.C. because of his vast knowledge of minerals. And so John said, "I'd like you to go back to Africa if you can." I said, "Well, that would be very interesting. Where?" He said, "Johannesburg." "Well, that sounds all right," I said, "First, is it to do with the uranium on the Witwatersrand?" God, he nearly flipped.It was for this?One of the best-kept secrets. [laughter]And here you are telling him all about it.He said, "How did you know?" I said, "Hell, I worked on the damn stuff up at the Copperbelt." He shook his head and said, "Well, I can't tell you yet, but it might be." So, anyway, I wrote a resignation. I told them I was leaving for ---?---, and if they got a letter from me, they'd pack up my stuff and send it on to wherever I wanted because under my current terms of the contract it allowed for repatriation. And so John says, "Well, you'11 hear from me in a little while." In the meantime, why, he'd started outFO: RP: GT: RP:184
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 7with the F.B.I., getting the high security clearance and so on. All the neighbors were wondering what in the he11 I'd been doing. It was a11 over town. 0f course, he couldn't check up on my activities in Africa, but they'd soon find out I wasn't a "commy." They cleared me, finally, for top security, and John came out again. "The job is that you go back to M.I.T. and work with Tony Gadam who is heading up our A.E.C. project there. We have two projects on metals for uranium recovery: one at ---?--- and one at M.I.T. And M.I.T. is working on the Witwatersrand ---?--- on the recovery of uranium from there. And this is where we'd like you to go and eventually become a liaison between the A.E.C. and South Africa in Johannesburg ---?--- and kind of directing, if you can." So that sounded like a pretty good idea. At that time, there was no uranium. The United States at that time had very little on the plateau(?). None of the Steen mines or any of ---?---. So the only source of uranium was Belgian Congo and Great Bear Lake.FO: Great Bear Lake Canada.RP: Yes. There were a few dumps out here in the ColoradoPlateau and some of the carnitide(?) ores they cranked up, but on a very limited scale because there wasn't enough. ---?--- thousands of tons and this185
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7---?--- the source, but it was low grade. It only contained a half a pound per ton, or in that order.GT: You'd get a mile out of town to sell you the--RP: Well, I'll go on to that a little later. So, anyway, I went back for seven months to M. I. T., and my wifestayed here, and in the meantime my son Jeffrey was born. Eventually we developed a process whereby it looked feasible to recover. I was in charge of the Witwatersrand part of it, and they were doing other work as well, but I was in charge of the Witwatersrand project. And I had about four guys working for me in the lab. But we weren't in M.I.T. We were at the Watertown arsenal.FO: W atertown, Mass.RP: Yeah, Watertown arsenal. M.I.T. has built a big labout there for security right in the arsenal and RussSpedden was there.FO: The one that was here today.RP: Yeah. He was at M.I.T. teaching. Professor Melgrunworked under me at Nkana at M.I.T. But, anyway, I knew Russ. And so I finally got this thing going, and it looked like to go. It involved an acid leech, sulfuric acid leech with an oxygen such as sodium chlorate or manganese dioxide and oxygen. I knew that there was plenty of manganese dioxide in South186
   ROBERT R. PORTER #7Africa, lots and lots of it. So this was a natural.FO: Now this is the process that you put together?RP: Yeah.FO: Was it patentable?RP: Well, I patented the use of manganese dioxide foruranium leeching and of course that was on time forA.E.C.GT: I was going to ask you, did you patent it or you--? RP: I patented it.FO: And they got the benefits.RP: Well, whatever. They gave it to anybody.FO: Oh, I see. They gave it to the federal government soanybody that wanted to use it could.RP: As long as they had control because uranium was veryrestricted. FO: I understand.RP: And so the consequence of this, we decided that we had to build a pilot plant in South Africa. To do this the Anaconda Company was employed, 40 West Broadway. So I was commuting between Logan Field and Laguardia on DC3's or worse.FO: Or worse, right.RP: To get down there. Spend a week down there and a weekup in Boston, and as a result why we designed a pilot plant. Then the A.E.C. informed the South African187
  ROBERT R. PORTER #7government that they had a process. They'd been also working on it, but they hadn't--FO: They hadn't come on it yet.RP: Well, they didn't know whether it was economical, andI said that it looked feasible and economical. So they sent over a fellow named Dutch(?)Cavner from the university.FO: Which university? Witwatersrand?RP: Yeah. And he was professor of metallurgy at theuniversity, but he was also conducting the research for the government metallurgical lab at that time. He was right across the street from the university. So he came over, and he looked over the results, and he saw there was a damn good chance that this would work. He said, "Well, there's no way that you could be a liaison. We won't have it. You're going to work for us, for the South African government."FO: Well, I can see their attitude.RP: Well, the reason being, if you're going to directthis, you've got to have some authority. And they said, "You just cancel anything you have with the A.E.C., but keep in touch with us." That's all.GT: What did they say about this?RP: Oh, the A.E.C. was happy as hell. FO: Were they?188
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 7RP: Oh yeah.FO: Did the South Africans pay you as well as the A.E.C.did?RP: Better. [laughter]FO: W onderful.RP: Anyway, so we packed up ship, and had all our stuffshipped down from Rhodesia and into Johannesburg. Actually, the mine owned all the furniture and everything else. They furnished the houses, I'm sure. But there wasn't much furniture, but there was a car and all ---?--- augmented ---?---. And I gave away my mineral collection, was very sad about it, and a lot of curios and all that. And so we moved down to Johannesburg and bought a house down there after about two or three months of looking. Stayed in lousy hotels in the meantime.GT: With three children?RP: With three children. And--FO: Then it was hard to get a house.RP: Well, no, not too bad, but they were pricing(?).FO: Oh, they were pricing(?).RP: But, anyway, we got a very nice, fairly new house upin the suburbs, northwest suburbs. It was a good commuting distance from the lab, and this was a very nice house. ---?--- lovely house. So I set up a new189
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 7lab in the G.M.L., Government Metallurgical Lab and built a very small pilot plant, I mean, about two or three hundred pounds an hour.FO: They had shipped the ores up from the Witwatersrand. RP: Now, you must understand that these ores that they shipped up were gold tailings. The ore had beenmined, milled for cyanide processing, gold extractions, and the residue put out on the dumps for ---?---. There were the two products. The residues that were out on the dump ---?---. Now, all the mines were not endowed with uranium. They were all a little bit, but some were very much richer than others. And as a result of sampling and extended surveys, they selected four mines to be the first production units which was ---?---, Western(?)Reefs, Jagathan(?)Keen. And before we got into the project very far, West Rand Consolidated, another gold mine on the western tip of Witwatersrand, found that they had a reef that was over a pound and a quarter, but not very much gold in it. So they decided that this might be a project where uranium was the main product, and sure enough it came in but as a smaller plant. We tested this thing in the pilot plant, and I developed a couple of other things to go with it: an auto-observation process, which is converting so2 to190
 ROBERT R. PORTER U7sulfuric acid by not conventional means, but by solution ---?---. If you bubble S02 in the air through ferric iron as a catalyst, you can produce sulfuric acid as a weak solution, not as a high-grade shippable product. It looked like it was ideal for ---?--- It was economical. I mean this process required very low acid concentrations in the leech. The ferric iron is also a ---?--- oxygen ---?--- as well as the manganese. The manganese is used to oxidize the ferric iron so it can dissolve the uranium. Manganese itself is inert, but as soon as it gets ferrous iron it converts to ferrous and the manganese comes into solution, so it's an intermediate. Anyway, we needed vast quantities of asp ---?---. So this seemed to be one solution to that problem. As a result of feeling our way along on this one, we had everything going for us in the leaching process except on precipitation and recovery of the uranium out of the solution. Economically, we could do it. But we wanted a better method than wehad which was the selective precipitation of uranium and magnesium oxide, or lime and magnesium oxide, or ammonia. It made a low-grade product, and then you had to purify that. Anyway, it looked like it was all right, it was just more costly. It looked to me like191
  ROBERT R. PORTER #7it would have been very good, even so. So we built a pilot plant at Western Reefs and Blyvooruitsig, and I needed some help by this time, some good help. I had two men, one to build ---?--- explosives, who was a very sharp guy. I needed him, but he was a chemist. And I needed a guy, a metallurgical type. So I went to Anglo-American and recruited one of my cohorts upin the Copperbelt, and they said, "Fine, take him." FO: Is that right?RP: Oh, Anglo was very definitely involved in this thing. FO: Their tentacles go everywhere.RP: Well, their gold mines were part of this westernregion --- ?---.FO: I see. I remember now.RP: We're also part of Anglo.FO: Was this man happy to come down to 1ive atJohannesburg?RP: Oh, yes, he'd had the Copperbelt too. He was inrefining up there at that time, and so he came on down to join me and we together worked well. To go on with the story, I went to E. L. Batenian Company which I knew very well. See, I knew all these people. This was a great help, too. From my Copperbelt experience, I knew all these suppliers, everybody inthe miningbusiness. The Oppenheimers, the 192
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7metallurgical consultants for most of the mines so it was a big help. Before we even started the project, I'd had a meeting with all these consulting metallurgists on the Rand, and I'd explained theFO: RP:process to them. And they said, "Well, it looks 1ike we've got it. Let's go." And that was where it started because they had to get it. It looked like it would go right from the beginning. And so from there on, built a pilot plant at Western Reefs and a pilot plant at Blyvooruitsig. We had about fifty guys combined, mainly recruits from our lab to run the plant. Bateman built the plants under the guise of the copper extraction.Oh, I see. It was still secret.Definitely. Very hush-hush. Nobody knew about it. [laughter] The stocks of some of these mines went sky high too, particularly West Rand. So we got that started, the pilot plants, Jumbo and I, Pinkney as you knew him. He was the consulting man who came down. His name was Jumbo.Jumbo Pinkney.Urn-hum. He had big ears. That's why his mother called him Jumbo.That is P-i-n-k-n-e-y.Jumbo stuck with him forever. He and I worked out aFO: RP:GT: RP:193
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7thing. While we were on the pilot plant we noticed that something weird was happening. In order to get this neutralization, you had to use scrap iron, or iron shavings to reduce--RP:[END OF SIDE ONE]Iron shavings from our turnets(?). What we wereplanning on using was detin strap, the same as they use out here on the precipitation plant at Kennecott. But we noticed that quite a lot of the uranium was falling out on the scrap iron, or as a precipitate on the scrap iron. I couldn't figure this out for a while, and then noticed there was phosphate in the solution, and it was forming uranisphosphate which was insoluble. So I got the idea by adding a little copper to it as a sponge, we might collect a lot more, and some phosphate too. Well, sure enough it worked very well, and this was the way we started out at the pilot plant with the scrap iron and phosphate precipitation. It worked pretty good. Then--Was it patentable?No--it was, but I mean this was still--It was too hush-hush.There was no way. So, anyway, in the meantime, we got the pilot plant started, and everything was going fine except that I had insisted on filters. Gadan andFO: RP: FO: RP:194
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7all the rest of the Americans wanted CCD plant, which is counter current decantation through large tanks, and you settled the material down and diluted it. By a system of dilution you--by putting barron solution or water on the tail end of the ---?---, you gradually increase their uranium content, or gold content, or anything else. But South African practice was always filters. Less space and also they were use to it. But being in an acid media, they all had to be out of a wood or a rubber lined tank, and so on. Well, this was no big problem. They were use to it, and so filters it was, two-stage filtration. And this was ideal for my process because I wanted to use a high-acid content in the second stage of the leach and recirculate that solution up to the first stage. So, and in this way I could reduce ferric iron content too. So high ferric in the second stage, low ferric in the first stage. And this worked out very well except when it got onto the filters. I'd experienced this difficulty in the lab in Witwatersrand. The filter rate was very much lower than it was on the same particular tailings than it was with the cyanide leach in an alkaline circuit. By fooling around a bit I got some glue and used some glue to--flocculated the stuff, and it worked out all195
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7right. Well, when we got on to the pilot plant, the first thing that happened, of course, the filters started to plug up. So I got some glue, and it worked very well. There's a big glue factory down there too. They got lots of bones out in the cattle area.FO: And made the bones into glue, huh?RP: Yeah, bone and gelatin. They had two types of glue,and also whale bones and that sort of thing. So it didn't seem to be too great a prob1em to get this glue, and at that time the more exotic flocculents, the crylomids(?) and so on hadn't been invented. Well, in the meantime Batelle had come up with a new process called ion exchange, an ion exchange which was where an anion resin would somehow absorb uranium. Uranium was always thought to be a cation and wouldn't absorb on--only on cations. Well, we'd tried this at M.I.T. on a cation on a ker(?)resin, and the damn stuff picked up everything. It was no good, you see, but when they used an anion resin, amberlite, and a Dow X-50, amberlite four hundred, they were what they call quaternerary amines. They are highly saturated amines, and they act as a cation, and they attract an anion. Now uranium, unbeknownst to anybody at that time, prior to that time, was always thought to be a cation. ltJell, they196
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 7found out, because this stuff did absorb selectively, mind you, very, very selectively on these resins, that all the rest of the stuff went through. And it just picked up the uranium with a little iron and no aluminum.GT: Nothing else.RP: Well, some iron. And this was a major discovery. FO: Now who made this?RP: Batelle.FO: Batelle Corporation.RP: Yeah. So this was tried out in the United States at Gadan's place, Massachusetts, and a fellow from Dow Chemical was sent out, and two guys from M.I.T. were sent out to give us the word on this and set up a plant--a stream alongside of our stream to test this thing. Hell, the damn thing worked beautifully, and I was a little shaken because this other thing was working pretty good too, but it was a question of cost and also ease of handling. ---?--- was so much easier to handle. I mean you didn't have to have all the other stuff, but it required a lot of other chemicals that we didn't have too much availability of. Anyway, we stuck in a pilot plant for this alongside of the other, and we took the whole stream through the thing. This was a very hush-hush197
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7procedure, I'll tell you. Nobody was even allowed in that section of the plant except some very trusted operators. Well, all of them were trusted at that time anyway. We selected very good metallurgists and so on. You must realize that South Africa has a huge metallurgical rare background, far better than we have here. So you can draw on people of high caliber,FO:RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:very highly educated. So we got this thing going and it just looked like a big go. The A.E.C. then formed what they called a joint committee with the Britons. England was to take half of the uranium, and the U.S. was to take the other half. And they were only allowed six thousand tons a year of uraniumoxide.For each?Three each. And then any more that they could get. Now, six thousand tons of uranium is a lot of money, or a lot of uranium, and it takes a lot of big plants at a half a pound per-- [laughter]And a lot of money. You're right.So, anyway, I was then working for the government. The joint commission came out, and I made up some estimates as to the costs. And god, they were shaken, I mean, as to how low they were.As to how low?Low, yeah. You see, the ore had been mined, it was198
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7processed, it was ---?---. All you had to do was add some acid and--FO: You didn't ever have to have a ball mill.RP: No. Chemicals were the main cost, and so on. So they looked this thing over, and then the South Africans formed a joint committee to deal with the Americans and the Englishmen. They carne to an agreement as towhat they'd pay for it. It was on a sliding scale, and, of course, the cost of production was taken into account, the amortization, the profit and everything was taken into account, and the thing worked out. The U.S. was paying about seven or eight dollars a pound for the main ---?--- and a little more for the lower grade, the really low-grade stuff that they were--FO: That's awfully low. Isn't that an awfully low price for something like that?RP: Well, that was. They were shaken.FO: That seems amazing to me that uranium could have beenbought for seven dollars a pound.RP: Well, it was fixed later in the plateau at eightdollars, fixed. That was the formula. But, in any case, we had a low price for some and it was slightly scaled depending on production costs and grade. Well, the first four plants were then scheduled. That was West Rand, Daggafontein was to be next. Blyvooruitsig199
   ROBERT R. PORTER #7was third, and Western Reefs was fourth. Now the tonnage involved with West Rand was twenty-five hundred tons a day. Daggnfontein was six thousand. Blyvooruitsig was to be six thousand, and we were going to treat the dumps at Western(?)Reefs, and itwas pretty low grade. So we were going to hydraulic the dumps in. It was twelve thousand tons a day from the first four plants. They're big. And this took a lot of doing to get supplies and materials because--FO: Who was putting up the money?RP: It was a loan from the A.E.C. and British Ministry ofSupply. The first loan involved about a hundred andten million. But this was way back when, you know.FO: A hundred and ten million was a lot more then, thannow.RP: Yeah. In addition to the actual processing in theplant--on in the plant processing, that is getting the steel. Steel was in very short supply at that time, 1948, '49. See, we signed the contract at the end of 1949, 1950. And steel was in short supply. Stainless was almost unprocurable, and all of this had to be imported. South Africa had their own steel mills, but not enough because they were recovering from the war effort and also bringing in new gold mines and all the rest of it and their industry was200
   ROBERT R. PORTER #7growing. So they needed their own. Iscor couldn't supply enough steel, and they couldn't supply stainless in that quantity or the shapes that we needed. We'd had rubber lining capacity, which was a great help because they had done rubber lining, but nothing in the scope that this required. Thousands and thousands of feet. The biggest rubber-lining job that had ever having been done. So we had two contractors for the rubber. Electric Steel Foundry in the United States supplied all the stainless out of both Norway and United States and all the shapes we needed.FO: Where are they located?RP: New York and in Portland, Oregon. Their foundry is inPortland. They make other shapes as well and various other things. But they were our brokers for stainless; they'd get it from anywhere they could. But we had to have a certain type of stainless. We couldn't use just ordinary stainless steel. It had to be three-one-six, which is a molly-enriched stainless because this is the only thing that would stand up to the ferric iron in the solution. And this was also the largest order for filters that had ever been placed at one time. All stainless and rubber lined and wooden decks.201
 ROBERT R. PORTER #7GT:RP:GT: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:Who built them for you? They built them downin South A frica, themselves. They know how to build them, but they had to have thestainless parts.What kind of wood did they use?Redwood on the decks. The decks were--They had to import that from--From the United States. The glue was a problem. We had to build a glue factory, a big one, a lime plant. South Africa is very strict on their ordinances for letting cyanide or any waste go out into the river without completely--Neutralizing it.And or getting it pretty well purified. Consequently, we had to use a lot of lime to getthe Barron solution neutralized so it could be evaporated or dumped into settling ponds. Wenever let it go. It was evaporation mainly. Thensulfuric acid, that was something else again.FO: Where did you get the sulfuric acid?RP: Well, I was going to come to it. All of the mines onWitwatersrand contained a certain amount of pyrite, about three percent pyrite as FeS2. After the uranium had been extracted, the tailings were a little acid and this had activated the pyrite. It cleaned the202
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 7surfaces off a bit after being in cyanide which is a depressant, but the acid had cleaned them off pretty good, the cyanide off, and killed all the cyanide, of course, and so big flotation plants had to go in, huge. And these were put in at Daggnfontein, Western Reefs, and then two other mines that had a high pyrite content just floated the pyrite for itself. So we had to have an acid committee to make sure that everybody would supply acid. Now in the meantime we decided, because of the requirements for time, they didn't want to put in something that wasn't really tried and true; so we went to contact plants, Chemico Construction. A branch of American Cyanamid at that time built the contact acid plants, and these were big.Where were they built?FO: RP: FO: GT:RP:FO:RP:Right at the plant.Oh, right there.That's getting to be quite a structure, series of structures.Oh, well this infrastructure was tremendous.Well, now tell me, if you were to estimate for something, let's take the West Rand where they built one. How many acres of plants would you have by then? About twenty-five or thirty acres.203
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 7FO: RP: FO: RP: GT:RP:Good Lord! Of plant buildings. Well, various--Well, we're getting pretty big. Fairly big.Was there anything there when you started? Were there structures--?Oh yes. You see the mines were producing gold, and they had their own mills and so on. We took the tailings from there, refiltered them, then put them into the acid process, and then from the tailings from there went onto flotation plant, and then out to the dumps. And the dumps, of course, are a mess.How are you going about trying to keep this secret or keep it down?Well, after the commission had come out--well, go back a little ways. The big procurement problem and a new engineering project all in the zone(?) was the design and commissioning of these ion exchange plants. That was a huge job. So we had Permutit come out. We had from the United States, they built some. British Permutit which is a different company. Permutit in the United States had an antitrust suit so they had to divorce all of their holdings from the other companies, Permutit Germany, Permutit England and so on. But they were independent. So half of theGT:RP:204
   ROBERT R. PORTER #7plants were built according to my specifications. I had designed them. All the precipitation section and all that had to be designed individually, brand new, nothing had ever been done like it. And three-column absorption; one column on the ---?--- all the time; and timing and so on, automatic timers, instrumentation was something else, and stainless parts and all because we used nitric acid as well. We had to build a nitric acid plant, and haul nitric acid into this place. Ammonia, we had to get.FO: Where did you get it?RP: We11, African Exp1osives. They have big exp1osivesand chemical plants. So the infrastructure of this thing was immense, and it took the stores committee, and the metallurgy committee, and the mechanical engineers. We had three committees. We had the stores committee which handled the acid; the mechanical engineers who were designing the plant. I had charge of my section--had designed the ion exchange and all of the thickners and all of the other things that could be duplicated from plant to plant. We tried to unitize each plant as a unit: so many gallons per minute for the ion exchange; and so many feet per thickners and so many of them; and so many filters. Now the individual mining companies would do the205
  ROBERT R. PORTER #7structure in their own office. All of them have very fine drafting facilities and mechanical facilities. M etallurgical engineers, their committee was in charge of--which I was part of, and I was part of all three. It was a big job.My, I'll say.How many people did you have working under you would you estimate?Well, I had a separate office in the Chamber of Mines building. Oh, did I tell you that I was seconded to the chamber?No.Oh, I wasn't working for the government. \t/hen they saw that the commission was going to buy this thing, I was bonded to the Chamber of Mines, and not anything to do with metallurgical lab, or theFO: GT:RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:government. The Chamber of Mines handled the whole thing. Now the Chamber of Mines is a private organization; it isn't a government organization.Why do they call it a chamber?Well, because it's a combination of all the big mining houses. It's Anglovaal, Anglo-American, Goldfields, Anglo-Transvaal, and Randmine. And these comprise the Chamber of Mines. And the Chamber of Mines was an immense organization. They do all the206
   ROBERT R. PORTER #7native hiring from recruiting. They purchase all the timber. They make all the explosive contracts for all the mines. And, I mean, it's an immense job because you have to recruit five hundred thousand men every year.FO: Jesus.GT: Holy smokes.GT: That makes our personnel operations look kind ofsmall.FO: Five hundred thousand per year, and then ---?--- asyou came in, and then you'd use their time. I thinl< this is a perfect spot to stop and change the tape.[END OF T APE]207
   THE FOLLOWING IS A TAPE RECORDING, SESSION #8 IN A SERIESMADE AT SALT LAKE 1 9 8 4 . ROBERT R. THOMPSON AND FLOYDCITY ON FRIDA Y THE 26TH OF OCTOBER PORTER IS BEING INTERVIEWED BY GREG O ' N E I L .FO: Mr. Porter, do you remember the spot at which we ended yesterday?RP: Yes, it was describing my secondment from the government to the Chamber of Mines. I became, then, a full-time employee of the chamber. We set up a separate office in the chamber, and I became member of the three committees that were formed: the metallurgical committee, the mechanical committee, and the storage committee. In order to expedite these various things--oh, let me go back a little. Prior to my secondment the A.E.C. and British atomic energy authority sent out a team to investigate thefeasibility of going ahead with the project. Now, the South African Authority was composed of government people, mining people, particularly R. B. Haggert(?) of Anglo-American who was Sir Ernest Oppenheimer's first man. I have here a resume of sort of what happened during that period if you'd like to take a look at it. Do you want to stop there to take a look at it?FO: Sure. They wouldn't let you take any pictures of any of the plants.208
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: At the beginning, until the thing was released in1956 to a certain extent, but even then the photographs or description of the ion exchange section was restricted so that it was impossible under the Atomic Energy Act to get anything published prior to 1955 and '6.FO: Do you think that that was realistic? You don't think the Russians have learned the ion-exchange system by then?RP: They very definitely had it. They knew all about it. They were getting their xeolite resins from East Germany in vast quantities.FO: So you think that this was 1argely unnecessary protection.RP: Well, yes, but I mean the South African government was very jealous of their position being first of the big plants.FO: Of course, sure. Well, that's normal.RP: Yes. To describe this thing, I think that we can--Ithink if you read this it would be a little easier. FO: At this stage we will wish to enter into the record South Africa's First Uranium, a publication published on October 8, 1952 and the section reading "History," we will have typed into the record, if you please. End of insertion. Insertion two: In the same209
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8publication under "Design and Construction of the Uranium Plant," that section should also be inserted, especially the section describing the work of Mr. R.R. Porter and his assignment as the consulting metallurgist in the design and construction of the uranium plant. Now, the plants are not the pilot plants; we're talking now about the main plant.RP: And the first one was commissioned--\-le started in 1950 with a joint committee after the A.E.C. and British commission had come out. I think that here, again, another insert should be put in describing the joint commission's function which- -FO: RP: FO: RP: FO:GT:FO: RP:Is also in the same publication.No, it's in the other publication.Okay, now.By R. B. Haggert.All right. Now, who was it who found the uranium that was there in the Witwatersrand area, Greg?It's R. A. Cooper who found it in 1923.Bob, how did they find it?They found this because in the Witwatersrand series there were small amounts of very small diamonds. And being a very old rock, these diamonds were in there deposited probably as carbon, originally, but they became green and it's a feature of diamonds that210
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8radioactivity turns a white diamond green.FO: RP:GT:RP: GT:RP:Did they look like emeralds?No, they are more like very light aquamarine, or tourmaline.I notice that they spell the Wit waters rand w-i-t-w-a-t-e-r-s-r-a-n-d, all one word.That's right.Okay. And that would have been the deposit, the ore deposit.The Witwatersrand area covers a distance of about a hundred and fifty miles, and it's in a circle. It starts at Johannesburg, goes out to the East Rand to Springs and the West Rand to Blyvooruitsig andWestern Reef levels. Then it appears down at Klerksdorp a hundred and fifty miles south, and then in the Free State another hundred and fifty miles from Johannesburg, and it is a huge saucer. The series is a huge saucer. And at it's deepest depth--they don't know how deep it goes--but they're mining at fifteen thousand feet now.Nearly three miles.Yeah.Isn't that awfully hot?It gets hot, but fortunately th9se deep mines are overlaying with a structure of limestone which kindFO: RP: FO: RP:211
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8of cools it, but they're hot, and they all have to be refrigerated.FO: So that they use actual refrigeration units to blow cold air in to keep their workers alive.RP: Right.FO: Let us stop there for a moment. I'd like to makeinsert number three. We would like to insert into the record an article in a book entitled Uranium in South Africa, 1946 to '56 Volume II, published in 1957 at Johannesburg. On page 444 of that book is a chapter entitled "National Aspects of the Uranium Industry" by R. B. Haggert, spelled terminally with a "t," and that one will be inserted into the record as a pertinent addition.GT: I have a question. According to my readings, after the war the British, the Canadians in line with the Brits, and the U.S., and mainly those people all kind of went in different directions with their atomic development.RP: Yes, they did, but the basis was uranium.GT: What I'm asking about here is it implies from the article that you were just showing that there was a good deal of cooperation, certainly among the African countries and the United States. Did you sense, werethe British involved?212
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: They were very active in the procurement of uraniumbecause they didn't have any, and we didn't have any--in a limited amount at that time when Witwatersrand was viable so that it was very important to both countries that they procure this uranium. Also Blind River hadn't been found.FO: When was Blind River in Canada started?RP:Well, it has a rather interesting history. Frank Juben(?) came down to Witwatersrand, saw the reef there, the conglomerate which is a pebble conglomerate, very hard and very solidified but with distinct pebbles in it. And he had been wandering over as a geologist, the country around, north of Lake Huron, Blind River and noticed that at that time while he didn't have a geiger counter with him when he first discovered this thing or examined it that this was similar to the Johannesburg series, very similar. You can't tell the ores apart.Is that right?Then in Ontario, Canada, and in the Witwatersrand they were that similar.Very similar.Even to the conglomerate structure.And the pyrite, everything.Isn't that almost a phenomenon?GT: FO:RP: FO: RP: FO:213
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP:GT: RP: FO:RP:GT: RP:Well, conglomerates are. They were all over the world, but these two happened to contain uranium, but the Canadian conglomerate contained no gold.Much to their sorrow.But more uranium.But it was actually higher in uranium content. Now which was worth more in the 1950's?Well, gold was thirty-five dollars an ounce, but the mines were operating at that level. The Canadians got a pretty good price for their uranium from the A.E.C., about eleven dollars.Is that a pound?Yes, that's per pound. But Frank noticed this and went back, put a geiger counter on it. Sure enough itwas radioactive. So he got hold of Joe Hirshhorn who then had a small gold-mining company up in central Ontario. Uranium was the magic word at that time. So they        down, recruited every man on this gold mine, about three hundred men, flew them down on the lakes because there were no roads in this area, and put all these guys out staking all the claims on the Big S, which is a reverse S like this which was a conglomerate outcrop. So Joe Hirshhorn--Museum.FO:214
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: FO:RP: FO: GT: FO: GT: RP: FO: RP:Museum.Yes, the one who gave the museum. Is this where he made part of his money?Oh, it made it all.Oh, I see. [laughter]I didn't know that.Neither did I. And so he made it at Blind River.Made it on uranium.Right.No wonder he had money to burn.And anyway, they staked that whole S. New Consolidated Dennison, Roman by name, went in and staked the down-dipped side for Dennison, Dennison Mine. And he made a lot of money out of it. And those were the two big companies. Dennison and Rio Algom. Rio Algom bought out Joe Hirshhorn's interests.Now is it still in operation?Oh yes, but they had contracts with the Japanese and the Canadian government. Now to answer your question as to why they used different methods of production of nuclear power was that the British liked the gas cool reactor, and it gives natural uranium. The Canadians went to a heavy water reactor also using natural uranium, not enriched. The Americans went first to a low pressure unit water reactor and then aFO: RP:215
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8high pressure unit which involved enrichment from .8 percent U-235 to three percent to put into the fuel.FO: Now what did they enrich it with?RP: This was done by the gas diffusion process or now bycentrifuges. It's a very complicated process and this was where the first bomb was made with the gas diffusion and plutonium in a different structure.FO: Now, it seems to me that I understood that we needed heavy water to make the first one. We didn't use heavy water?RP: The Canadians did, and the Germans did. The Germans had this thing, but they couldn't believe when the bomb went off that there wasn't a big reactor up in the air--heavy water. They were working on it at Norway for production of heavy water because this is an electrolysis process, and the residue in electrolysis of water becomes the heavy water which is the isotope.GT:RP:FO:RP: GT:It's my understanding that the world supply of heavywater was in Norway at the start of World War I. Isthat--That is correct.It occurred in nature. No--They were developing it.216
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: It occurs in nature, but it's concentrated.FO: I see. What they were doing is concentrating it.RP: Yeah, in the electrolysis process because they wereusing hydrogen and making hydrogen and oxygen fromtheir water.FO: That's very interesting. Back to the center part ofour story, now you worked--tell me how long you werein Africa during that period.RP: From the first part of '48, and I left in 1955.FO: So that you were there seven years. During all thattime did you work for the chamber?RP: No, for the G.M.L., Government Metallurgical Lab orthe South African government until 1950 and then Iwas taken over by the Chamber of Mines.FO: Oh I see. That's right.RP: In 1950 through 1955.FO: And you worked for the chamber all that time.RP: Right.FO: I want to ask you about the terms of your employment.Were you paid as well as a metallurgist in the UnitedStates?RP: It's hard to say. I had quite a few perks.FO: Were taxes low?RP: Not too low. They were comparable with United States.For example, I didn't have to pay U.S. income tax so 217
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8that they were very comparable. But free medical and all that and goodly conditions.F0: What about, not 1eave and pay, any of that. Did you ever have difficulty with administrators from the South A frican government?RP: Never. The chamber was very cooperative, and the South African government just left us completely alone.FO: So that when you had interface with the South Africans it was relatively pleasant.RP: Very pleasant.FO: I'd 1ike you to compare it to that same kind of aninterface when you worked in the United States as ametallurgist. Which was more professional?RP: Well, the problem here was I was a consultant here. FO: So that it's not really a fair comparison.RP: When I was a consu1tant, I cou1dn't order peop1earound. I could only advise, suggest.FO: The power of suggestion has a lot less impact,doesn't it?RP: Yes, but they believed me and that was what they werepaying for. But I found the relationship here to bevery good except for the company.FO: That's a pretty good batting average.RP: Particularly in Blind River, the Rio Algom and218
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8Dennison both were very fair. Of course, getting Utah International into Lucky Mac. It was Utah Construction, that was a big job. They were a little tough. The mechanical engineer there, you wouldn 1 t believe, and had to do things his own way. There wasGT:RP:GT: RP:FO:RP:a lot of that, but not in South Africa. I let them alone the consulting mechanical engineers as far as I could, but certain things I couldn 1 t tell them what to do, and I had to lay down specifications while I was doing it.At this time your children were school age, were they not?Y es. In South A frica the two children went to the government school.Were they good?Very good, excellent. When they came back here then I ---?---. They were very disciplined and very good in reading and writing and the basics.Surely. Much like European education qualityinstruction.Now they had to take Afrikaans as a second language in an English school. It was a very weird situation down there. If you were Afrikaans-speaking in your home, you went to an Afrikaner school. If you were English speaking, you went to an English district.219
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8FO: They maintained two separate systems.GT: Did they try to make them equal?RP: Oh yes, and they were very good, but of course theAfrikaans-speaking students were taught English as asecond language.FO: So it was a kind of a quid pro quo both ways.RP: Yeah.FO: Did the Afrikaners resent a second system ofschooling?RP: No, they established it because at that time anationalist government had displaced Jan Smuts and Malan came in as the magistrate, the premier, and he was very pro-Afrikaner. Also at that time, I never learned Afrikaans because it wasn't necessary because none of the mine people were Afrikaner in speech. They were all English speaking, and all of my associations, there were very few Afrikaners. Now since then it's changed completely. The mining business is dominantly Afrikaner.GT: Not very many English left, huh?RP: No, 'tlell, there is no such thing as an Englishassociate. They are South African.FO: Now, when you were there with your leaving in 1955,had there already started an agitation to remove themselves from the Commonwealth?220
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: Yes. Oh, they had declared themselves a republic.FO: When did they do that? Were you there when it was--? RP: No, it was later.FO: And so it was very obvious the kind of resentment ofthe British rule.RP: Yes. It still is.FO: Oh I know. They're more vocal all the time. Did yousee symbols while you were there that made theBritish rule seem unnecessary or inappropriate?RP: Yes, to a certain degree. They were the financial experts, and the Jewish people were very prominent in the financial area and the doctors and the professionals, and they were all English-speaking. The Afrikaner kind of resented this. Not so much thereligious point of view, but it was financial.GT: Just controlling those professions.FO: So that they had become, in fact, a kind of afinancial minority.RP: Right. You take most of the mining houses, all of theheads of them were Jewish. Oppenheimer. FO: Pierce(?).RP: Well, he was Afrikaner, but Rote(?) started that, and then it went to Ernest Oppenheimer, then Barney Bernado(?). All of the old mining house people were Jewish, ran the mines.221
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8FO: So was there anti-semitism there too?RP: No, not among the Europeans or the English-speaking people.FO: But was there among the Afrikaners?RP: Not other than just this financial, and the same waywith the British people.FO: So the British and the Jews were sort of in the same can.RP: And they were a minority.FO: The English and the Jews, I should say, because theseJewish people were British, weren't they?RP: No, many of them came from middle Europe.FO: Oh, they were not from the British empire?RP: Not necessarily.GT: Had they filed then during World War II or before? RP: Some of them had been there since World War I, butSir Ernest Oppenheimer--Fa: Now his name implies he was German; he was GermanJewish and born in Germany. RP: Right.FO: That's an interesting point. Socially, already by the 1950's, I think already the critics of South Africa had started like the English-speaking author Allan Paton's first book.RP: Cry the Beloved Country. 222
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8FO: That's right. Cry the Beloved Country waspublished while you were in South Africa. RP: Right.FO: Do you remember the reaction to it?RP: At first it was barred by the Afrikaners.FO: Oh, I'd forgotten.RP: It had been banned because at that time the premierwas the national ---?--- and there was national---?---You must realize that at that time while there was a governor's general (?) of Britain, he had no power. It was like Canada is today and Australia. The premier and the ruling party had the say. There were several books that were banned by the Afrikaners because they were derogatory to the native policy, and this was when apartheid started ---?---.FO: I see. That's where we began calling it apartheid? RP: Yes.FO: Oh, I didn't realize that it was that new.RP: Oh yes.FO: Oh, it is.RP: You see before that there was a union government.During the war, it was a consolidation. FO: Yes, under Jan Christian Smuts.RP: He was a very fine man.FO: Did you know him?223
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO:Yes.Oh, you did.I met him.Oh yes. A very interesting guy.He was part of our atomic committee(?). When I first went down to South Africa, I met him during the discussion with the government.He went to England often.Yes, very often.And my brother was standing at a review when he went by with the Americans and the British in review at an airfield in Kent in World War II. It's a small world. Well, those are very interesting comments. Was Africa already--the Afrikaners already reacting against the charges of being unrealistically racist?Oh yes.That was already going on.Particularly among the English-speaking people in Natal.Natal was the center of that.Of the English--it still is. It's more English than Afrikaans.And so that's where that hassle began.Right.Not so much on the Witwatersrand.RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:FO: RP: FO:224
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: But there was a lot of feeling, of course, because ofthe mine strikes of 1921. They're still fighting theBoer War [laughter] and the mine strikes.FO: They were still fighting the Boer War while you werethere. RP: Oh yes.FO: Although it had been over for half a century. RP: Right.FO: For heaven's sakes.RP: Oh yes, it was very--FO: That is interesting. The demarcation between Dutch and English--somehow in my mind I hadn't got that it was so closely differentiated.RP: Oh yes.FO: Was there a lot of intermarriage between those?RP: No, not at that time because of the Dutch ReformChurch. It's very similar to the Mormon church in their political leanings. They resent very much inter-marriage.FO: Do they really?RP: The same as the Mormons with the English, and thepredikants or ministers in the various-- [END OF SIDE ONE]FO: You say the Dutch Reform church is very much like the Mormon church.225
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: In its political aspects, not in its belief of JosephSmith. But they are very Lutheran, I should say, veryCalvinistic.FO: Yes, very Calvinistic.RP: FO:RP: FO: RP: FO:RP: FO: RP:FO:RP: GT: FO:The Predikant has the same power as the bishop.So that it is more than a pastor in a Protestant church would have in terms of authority.Oh yes.It is much more authoritarian like a Mormon bishop. Right.And the Predikant, how do we translate that? Is it to be pastor or reverend or--?Well, they call him reverend.I see.Or doctor, mainly. Because they usually have a doctor's degree from one of the seminaries.Well, now, your life sounds pretty comfortable there. While you were down in Johannesburg and your life there, your wife and children, was it a situation where you could have servants like you had up at the Copperbelt?It was similar. We had three only. [laughter]Stark reduction.How difficult to get by. Were they different types of servants?226
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: Yes, they were much better, and better educated. Wehad a girl here, unlike the Rhodesians. The women or the girls would work in the house as cooks or house girls or whatever. And we had a houseboy and a garden boy, an old Zulu boy. He was a great old man, and he would look after the garden. The houseboy would look after all the ironing and the house.FO: The laundry.RP: The laundry, well, the girl did most of the ironingand the \-lashing.GT: More like the British system then.RP: Yes. And they lived on the premises. We had servantsquarters behind the house with three rooms, separate rooms and bath, a communal bath for them. But they were very clean people, and they were very good servants. lr/e enjoyed them. They weren 1 t paid too much. Well, at that time it was much more than they paid on the Copperbelt by several times. Living expenses were very much more too, but they were furnished their uniforms and their food.GT: Bob, were they on your staff or on your payroll, personally, or were they on the company's payroll?RP: No, they were on mine personally.GT: Did you get an allowance for that from the company? RP: No, I didn 1 t, but some of the--227
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8FO: Officials.RP: Well, it depended on the mining company that youFO:RP: FO:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:worked for. You see, I worked for the chamber. It was sort of a temporary assignment. They knew that, and I knew that. So I didn't get the same as the mining companies, for example, but we had enough money and so on. I was paid in dollars, and I got a very nice raise when the pound was devalued from four dollars to two eighty.Now, I want to go back to the uranium plant for a minute. While you were in South Africa, was all of your work confined to that uranium project?I was completely a hundred percent with them.How big was the uranium plant compared to ones in the rest of the world?With ten thousand tons a day at Western Reefs that was then the biggest uranium plant in the world and still was one of the larger until Rossing came along. Now where' s Rossing?In southwest Africa. I was a consultant for them.And you went back there as a consultant?Right. For Rio Tinto.And what year was it that you were consulting with Rossing?From 1968 to 1981-82.228
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8FO:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:So that means you flew the Atlantic lots of times in that job.That's right.I see. Now Rossing is owned by whom?That's Rio Tinto Zinc, R.T.Z. who owned Blind River.I see, so that it was the connection with both.Well, and also Palabora Mines in--Rio Tinto is a huge company. It's probably the largest mining company in the world.Oh, is it? Where is the Rio Tinto?It's in Spain, the original old Rio Tinto Mine. It was started--But it's not a Spanish company.FO:RP: Oh no. It was originally a Spanish company. Well, itwas based in London, and it belonged to theRothchilds, mainly. But it was a stock company.FO: So that it's part of the Rothchild conglomerate.RP: But then it mushroomed under a fellow by the name ofAl Duncan into Australia, into South Africa, and intoBlind River, and all over the world.FO: Whatever possessed you to leave a job as good as theone with the chamber?RP: There's a lot more money in consulting, and also Icould see that this was the end of the line. We got the plants established, going. There was more to come229
    ROBERT R. PORTER #8on line, but I couldn't contribute anything more. ButI could contribute a heck of a lot with my knowledgeof ion exchange and so on.FO: Working with other companies.RP: That were in the uranium business. Now, particularly,the Blind River. I came back with more or less of a contract with the A.E.C., and then I went out on my own.FO: Was it a sudden decision to come back?RP: It was. I came back once during my stay in Africa in1954, flew back on my own and established some contacts here. Through the A.E.C. we were discussing with Phelps Dodge the possibility of other companies in New Jersey Zinc, and Jesse Johnson with the A.E.C. to get them interested in Blind River. Nobody would touch it because it was too low grade. They said, "Oh, you can't make that." Now one of the things that Jesse imposed on me, he said, "You are not to mentioncosts." They can make their own decision as to costs. FO: Now is Jesse Johnson, was he the director of theA.E.C. at that time?RP: He was head of the raw materials division.FO: Oh yeah, I remember now. Groves was still around? RP: No, the Manhattan project had wound up.FO: Now who was at the A.E.C. then? Was the woman? 230
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: No, that was way later. That was Dixie. FO: Dixie Ray.RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:Yeah.But who was before? Well, never mind I'll look it up. I've forgotten who it was. I knew at that time.But you didn't work with them. Instead, you worked with Jesse Johnson.A1ways. And he was part of the joint team, he and Frank McQuiston of Newmont.Where did Jesse Johnson come from?He was a geologist, and he worked with several of the mining companies in the United States, and then he joined Manhattan project and John Gustavson who employed me to go back to South Africa, as you remember, was under Jesse, and he became president of Homestake, Gustavson.Yes, of Homestake Mining Corporation. How did your wife feel about leaving South Africa?Well, the kids were getting a little older, and we wanted them home with their family.Now by then you had a son fifteen years old.Right. And he, came and went into junior high. I had a younger son. The second son went into the last year of grade school, the ninth grade or something like that, eighth grade, my young son. Susan was not ofFO:RP:FO: Rp:231
 ROBERT R. PORTER #8school age when we got back. She wasn't.FO: Did you move here into Federal Heights at that time? RP: Yes, we moved into a house on 1394 Federal Way, rightdown the street.FO: And that house you purchased at that time?RP: Right, and it was very great house.FO: It's still a great house. It's beautiful.RP: They've done a lot to it since I had it, but theCannons had let it run down, and the people thatbought it redid it very well.FO: And so you were pleased with the home.RP: Oh beautifully. It was a beautiful home, and we had aGerman woman who did the housework. She spoke very little English when we got her, but she was good. She stayed with us for about five, seven years.FO: Is that right? Mainly until the kids were mostly grown.RP: Well, until we moved up here.FO: You only lived there for seven or eight years then. RP: We moved up into this area in 1965, so it was tenyears.FO: What time of year was it when you left       Africa? RP: It was bitter cold in the United States. It wassummer. FO: Again.232
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: FO:RP: FO: RP:Yes.You left summer and came to winter a second time. Now did you go by ship?Yes, all the way.A liner or--?Yes, it was Bloomenstein(?) out of Capetown, which is a Dutch ship that landed in Antwerp, and I had thefour children. Beverly stayed behind to sell the house. And I had the four children with me, and we left Capetown in the midsummer, went to Antwerp, took the train to Paris and spent a few days in Paris, quite a few days with the kids seeing Paris, and caught the United States vessel, the biggest one, the longest one, and it was a very rough passage.Oh was it?It was a terrible passage.Were the children pretty badly shaken up by it?No, they survived pretty well. We were the only ones at captain's dinner.The other people were too sick to get there. [laughter] Kids are more resilient, aren't they? Well, Chris was sick, but he managed the dinner all right. We were delayed one day the weather was so bad. And the United States, it was so long it would just rumble because it would get it between the crestFO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:233
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8of the waves, and the screw would come out.FO: Come out of the water, I see.RP: It was a bad storm.FO: It sounds like a terrible one. Well, did it last thewhole journey?RP: Yes, rough but not--we had to point into the wind toFO:RP: FO:RP:FO: RP: FO:RP:stop--just on very low speed to weather the storm. That's why we were delayed for a day. And we landed in New York at ten below zero at the custom house, and the customs shed was still ten below zero, and with the kids! Fortunate1y, their grandparent--Beverly's father met us in New York. He bundled them up and took them to a hotel while I cleared customs.I see. That's a good idea. Now he was living in New York at that time?At New Rochelle.Then they got back to the United States in midyear. Did you leave directly for Salt Lake?Yes. Well, we spent a couple of days in New Rochelle, and then we came on west.By train?Yes, we did.You came by train in those days.Yeah.234
    ROBERT R. PORTER #8FO:RP: FO:RP:FO:RP: FO: RP:And when you were traveling by train were your kids pretty exhausted by the time they got here?Yes, but not too bad. They'd done it before.They were world travelers already. Did you start them into school midyear?Yes, I think we did. We did, the second term or whatever.Now when you were--did your wife have to stay in South Africa long to sell the house?About four months.Oh, that must have made her pretty anxious.They had parties all over the place for her leaving, and it was a difficult time in South Africa to sell real estate. It was a depressed area at the time - - -?--- had happened. Anyway, there was a depression in real estate values at that time, and it was hard to sell. But she went back to Europe by plane through Nairobi and Cairo, spent some time in Cairo, and then Istanbul and Rome, and went on to Paris and took a ship from there. She was with friends, South African friends, during this period.Did she arrive here then in April?About April, April or May.I see. And by then you'd already bought the house? No, we moved into the sorority house up where theFO: RP: FO: RP:235
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8Kappa house is now, temporarily, until we found a house to buy. I wouldn't buy a house without--FO: Without Beverly being there.RP: Yeah.FO: And then you were back where their grandparents wereRP: FO:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:and so on.And because I had to do so much travelling.Yes, and so you had one of the grandparents with them?They were with Susan. We stayed out at Thirteenth East at their house during that period.Beverly's mother.Right.The logistics got to be a bit much in those years. Oh, it was very difficult, but the airplanes were flying.Yes, thank heavens. It sounds like exciting times for you.It was very exciting, particularly the times in South Africa. You were balancing a ball all the time. You never knew which hat you were wearing because I was on the storage committee. I was on the Machanics Committee. I was on the Metallurgical Committee and had to design all these things and purchase all the resins and all the stuff. It was a big job, and get236
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8all the procurement of the manganese, glue.FO: It sounds like a big job.RP: And I had a very, very competent secretary. She was amarvel, and she knew where every piece of stainlesssteel was--FO: From one end to the other.RP: And when the mines would call up, "Where's mystainless?" why, she'd know.FO: Yeah. Now, whom did you go to work for when you gotback to the United States?RP: I worked for myself.FO: I see. So you set up your consulting business.RP: In the Tribune building.FO: Oh, in the Trib. building? And in that building, wereyou alone?RP: I was with a stockbroker, Matt Leonard.FO: So you shared an office with a stockbroker.RP: Right, but just for answering services mainly.FO: Sharing the costs and so on.RP: Yeah.FO: How long was it that you were in the United Statesbefore you got your first consulting job?RP: Right then.FO: It was waiting for you.RP: Yeah. It was with Rio Algom.237
    ROBERT R. PORTER #8FO: RP:FO:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO:RP: FO:RP: FO:Well, what property did they have?The Blind River. They bought in Blind River afterthese other people had given up. And they were in a partnership with Joe Hirshhorn.Now, it comes into focus, yes. Well, that's very interesting. Well, since Dr. Thompson wants to assist with the conversation about Blind River, I thinkmaybe this is a good stopping point.Well, I think that you should know what was involved in the stores area.Oh, I should, by all means.There is a very good article.In the book on uranium, South Africa?Urn-hum. And this gives you--Now because you were on the stores committee that took a bit of your time down there.Oh yes.Well, let's look it up and include that section on the stores committee on the tape. Stores, you were not talking about the company store, you were talking about huge warehouses full of goods.Contracts.It was not warehouses. Instead, lt was great contracts.RP: Distribution of sulfuric acid. 238
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8FO: Where did you get the acid?RP: We made it from these pyrites. The supply of the rawmaterial requirements of the uranium program, volume II, page 1.FO: Now in volume II, page 1 we have the article, 2nd how long is the article that we should include?RP: It starts at page one and ends at--FO: Let's include the footnotes--and continues to pagefourteen. So that we will include those, xeroxed, nottyped if you please, in the type-up.RP: You can see the number of--here are the plants. ThisFO:RP: FO: RP:is the consumption of the lime in tons per month. Look at that--just lime alone.Twenty-three thousand tons of lime a month, and those were in those uranium plants. And are these the major plants?These are all the plants that we built.Now how do you pronounce the first one? Blyvooruitsih, Dagafontein, Western Reefs(?), Stillfontein(?), Randfontein, Western and Consolidated, Leopards VLEI, V ogelstruisbult, President Steyn, Welkom, Harmony, Dominion Reefs, V irginia, West Randfontein, Hartbessfontein, and VaalReef.Vaal Reef.FO:239
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP:FO: RP:FO:RP: FO:RP:FO:RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:Now that's the biggest one now. It's combined with Western They're both Anglo-American. Now this is Anglo.Say the names. Which were Anglo?Dagaafontein, Western Reefs, Welkom, President Steyn, Vaal Reefs.Were all Anglo. So that your old company seemed to have s t i l l been around and in good shape.Oh, they were in great shape.And the uranium made them a bunch of bucks, beaucoup bucks.The fellow that I brought down with me, Pinkney, I told you his name. He became consulting metallurgist uranium for Anglo and consulting chemist for Anglo. When you worked in that assignment in South Africa in 1947-55, how many of your colleagues were American? Just one.Who w a s h e ?He was a fellow named Reinick(?), and he came fromV itro when--You mean the Vitro we know here in Salt Lake?It was the predecessor of the one here in Salt Lake. During the Manhattan project, Vitro was producing uranium for ceramics and that sort of thing in the East, and he was a chemist. His job was to try and240
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8make a purification product. He wasn't very good.FO: Where did they get their uranium ore? Was that Colorado Plateau stuff?RP: That was plateau stuff.FO: And wtere did they mine it mainly then? TempleRP:F0:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:FO:Mountain or--?No, no, Temple Mountain wasn't discovered then. There was just a few contact deposits, Rifle, and little at Durango.By-product of the vanadium pl ant in Durango. What about Monticello?No, that wasn't existing.Wasn't there then, huh?No.I see. Very interesting.See there was no uranium known in the United States except the plateau at that time.Yeah, that's true. Now, did the plateau ever become a significant contributor to the totals?Oh yes, it did. If you considered Steen's mine in Lisbon V alley, very.Very important, huh.And then afterwards, of course, there were lots oflittle mines all over the area.I even staked one out. 241
    ROBERT R. PORTER #8RP: Then, of course, the big find was Gas Hills which wasup in Wyoming, and then later the Ambrosia Lake inNew Mexico.FO: The one over by Mount Taylor.RP: Well, all west of there.FO: West of Mount Taylor.RP: That's where Kerr-McGee and all of them had their bigplants.FO: Did you ever work down there?RP: Yes, for consulting.FO: Very interesting. I know that area well because Ihave worked with the Acoma tribe.RP: I worked for Anaconda down there on theirBluewater(?) plant.FO: Well, I think this is a point at which we should endthis one.GT: We're not through with this tape.RP: I wanted to show you something.FO: For these processes in the mills in South Africawhere did you get the resins?RP: From a company called Rohm Haas in Philadelphia.FO: Where did they get them?RP: They made them. They are artificial resins made frompolyakilomates(? ) .FO: was that a by-product of the oil refin er ies in the242
  ROBERT R. PORTER #8south of Philadelphia?RP: No, their basis is styrene. Styrene, of course, is a raw material, and it's glimmerized(?) into beads, and then the active groups are put on to the styrene.FO: What did they make styrene out of?RP: It comes from natural gas--or from oil refineries.FO: So they manufactured the resins there that you usedin the processing.RP: Yes, and this was a very big contract. It was thebiggest one that the world has ever seen, and itstill is.FO: For resins.RP: Yes.FO: Is that right? Good heavens. So that you had--howmuch of these resins did you use? Like a ton a day? RP: Oh no, they were reusable. But your initial charge--you see the resins are reusable. The process is that the uranium is absorbed on the resin, then itis displaced with another acid. Out of the weak sulfuric acid solution it is absorbed and then it is displaced. At that time we used nitric acid to displace it. Then the resin was washed with water, but it was in the nitrate form, and it was reused. So it was never destroyed. Once it was in the columns it was there for keeps. But the initial charge was243
   ROBERT R. PORTER #8 immense.GT: So it was really expensive to get going.RP: Yes, and the stuff costs, and we got a bargain price, forty-seven dollars a cubic foot, and we usedthousands of cubic feet.FO: Is that company still making this stuff?RP: Oh yes, very definitely, but the resin has beendisplaced to a great degree by solvent extractionswhich is the same process except it's in liquid form. FO: Well, we're about out of tape and so thank you forthis time.[END OF TAPE]244