   S. L. Lake Golden, Colorado Tape No. 84An interview by Richard Gibb July 25, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground . .Ore Sampling.Union CarbideUranium T ailings.Uranium Process.Metallurgy in Grand Junction.. Uranium T ailings.Miners.Methods of Sampling Atomic Energy Commission.. . . . ¥ .. . ¥¥128 14 . 15 . 16 . 17 . 18 ¥ 19¥20
 T H E F O L L O W I N G I S A N I N T E R V I E W WI T H M R . S . L . L A K E , CONDUCTED BY RICHARD GIBBS AT GOLDEN, COLORADO ON JUL Y 2 5 , 1970.RG: First of all, Mr. Lake, I'd like you to give me a little of your background before you came to work with Union Carbide and then what you did with Union Carbide during those years you worked for them.SL: Well, I went to school at the University of Minnesota and have a degree in both geology--that is, majored in both geology and metallurgy. And I started to work underground in Bisbee when I was first out of school in about the summer of '40. Was with the Bureau of Mines a short while in the same year up in Montana. It was that same year that I joined Union Carbide and at the time it was called U.S. Vanadium in Bishop. That was a tungsten operation, I was there until I transferred--! worked as a metallurgist in Bishop, and I was transferred in April of '42 to Colorado. They didn't tell us why but they were, of course, operating then the vanadium plants, and they just said they were increasing the activity and they moved some of the engineers over. It was just about fourmonths after the war started, after December 7, 1941--I think it was April. And I was one of about five engineers that were all just out of school thatwere sent at about the same time. Another one was Joe Hopkins. He's still in Grand Junction. Have you
 S. L. LAKE #1 interviewed him?RG: No, I haven't.SL: Joe Hopkins, he's with Union Carbide yet, and he's incharge of the construction group, I think, at this time. But he was one engineer. Another one was Mack Brenton. B-R-E-N-T-0-N. And he's also with Union Carbide today. He's in Bishop. He's one of the manager of some division of the company in Bishop. When I arrived, he was running one of the sampling plants. At that time they had a large number of sampling plants that were put up for what they called Metals Reserve. This Metals Reserve group was primarily the ones that were purchasing vanadium ores and feeding them into--at that time Union Carbide ran the plant at Durango.. They had rebuilt a plant there for just plain salt roast of vanadium and they had a tailings stockpile down there. And this was done under what they called this Metals-Reserve account. They had a buying station out at Utah. That's where one of the fellows was, but they were purchasing vanadium, just ores. They were running around the area, shipping in just kind of central localities. I think there was one in Blanding. And I believe Mack Brenton ran the one in Blanding. And Joe Hopkins, I believe, ran the plant down in what they called the2
 S. L. LAKE #1sampling vanadium, just ores. They were running around the area, shipping in just kind of central localities. I think there was on in Blanding. And I believe Mack Brenton ran the one in Blanding. And Joe Hopkins, I believe, ran the plant down in what theycalled the sampling plant down at Dove Creek. But these were all outlying areas that had been set up by the Metals Reserve. And I think that John Hill who's still in Grand Junction--he's retired--was responsible for that section of the company's activities. When I came in, I went directly to Grand Junction and worked on projects down in Uravan. And at that time they had put together a pretty clever circuit. This was one that Union Carbide (at that time U.s. Vanadium) through Burwell had developed earlier. And this fellow that I mentioned, Brenton, was the superintendent of that plant. They actually in the first operations there got the thing started. They were taking the intermediate product from the mill and making uranium concentrates and recovering some additional vanadium out of the product. They actually had--in the original plants they were salt roast and they got this docium vanadate, the water soluble vanadium out. The tailings still had some vanadium left as well as all of the uranium. And they3
 S. L. LAKE #1had started some leaching, acid leaching on this material and extracted the acid-soluble vanadium and uranium. And then they had gone through and developed a process in which they were getting that separation of the vanadium and uranium. And this plant was actually in operation--must have been put in operation about in 1941, but not for a source of uranium. It didn't have anything to do with theatomic program, but they did have a lot of warehouses down there and bags of concentrate. And that was some of the first material I think the government picked up. Several officers--I think Merritt--have you talked with him? I believe he's in the--Phil Merritt? He's in Salt LakeRG: No, I haven't. Not yet.SL: Not yet? Do you have the name noted? He was an armyofficer in the Manhattan District. I believe he was a major, either a captain or a major at the time. I believe he went up to a colonel by the end of the program. But he came in--I'm quite sure that he and another colonel came into the Uravan, talked with Burwell and found that they had this large supply on hand about the time they got this program going. And this was one of the first areas where they could pick up some uranium that could be used experimentally in4
 S. L. LAKE #1some of the work that was being done in the reactor and in this other development phases, which, of course, we didn't know anything about there. But we shortly found out that the whole program was classified and it was never discussed. All during the war they never discussed what they were going to do with it or what uranium--what the program was for. Everything became classified then and we all movedinto a program in which they just cut all discussion, even using the words in your conversation with other technical people, as far as uranium goes. They were all classified. And, of course, the army came into the area, and they started a large program then. What I got involved in was with the development plants, to put these additional acid leach plants in. There was one at Durango, which we built, and one at Uravan. There was two plants operating in Uravan so that there was one on each side of the river. And a plant was put in at Grand Junction for treatment of the concentrates from the other two plants to upgrade it and make a finished product. And these three plantswere built as rapidly as possible in about '42. I think they were put into operation in about nine months. It was pretty fast. Then they were used entirely in the treatment of the tailings. They had5
 S. L. LAKE #1built up hundreds of thousands of tons of tailings in earlier years around that area. And they took each of the plants and developed a circuit to rehandle these tailings material by this acid method, this same method that they used in the original Uravan circuit.So the plants were actually started and brought into operation, making what they called green-sludge. It's a vanadium-uranium mixed concentrate that was precipitated. This product was taken, dried at Uravan and dried at Durango, and then shipped by truck to Grand Junction. Then in Grand Junction it was further processed and turned into what was then known as red cake, the vanadium sodium vanadate commercial product for v205. And the other product was impure sodium diuranate. And that material, of course, was put into barrels and stored there at that site. And that's the site of the present day A.E.C. compound. That was the original area for the--it was a farm or ranch and it was on the railroad track along the river. They just purchased this small ranch, and the house became the office for the operation. I think that still is--that was Sheldon Winston's office up until fairly recent. I don't know if they still use it. They may stillhave the original ranch home there. But the plant itself was spread amongst the--where the present6
 S. L. LAKE #1buildings are, in the pilot circuit particularly. Andit was small. It wasn't very large. Down at Durango, the plant was built right adjacent to the old vanadium works. It was later sold and used by the V.C.A., so it's the location of the V.C.A. operation in later years. And then the other plant is almost completely--the last time I was in Uravan, there was very little evidence other than a few concrete basements of the old leach tanks that remain on the plant that was put in across the river. In the old original plant, the first one that was on the Uravan, that plant was still operating in part up to recent years. It probably is today, but only pieces of it. It gradually changed and they rebuilt some of it, but it was right in the middle of the present Uravan uranium operation. Let's see, in about the same time, hile we were working on the metallurgy, there was a lot of travel going around to the mills. The whole crew operated more or less out of Grand Junction. The first superintendent of that was Ev L. Dean. Ev is still in Grand Junction. Saw him recently, and he still lives there. But he was the first superintendent, I believe. Then he was replaced by Lundquist. They transferred Ev on to some other activities and I think his background was more in the7
 S. L. LAKE #1mining. Lundquist came into carbide then from downfrom the Slick Rock plant where he had been superintendent. He had been running that operation for another company that was acquired in this program with the Union Carbide and so he became a Carbide employee and transferred over. And he was the superintendent then of all the operations. He had the responsibility of running all three plants. Now during that whole period there was never any ore mined. All of the regular salt-roast v~nadium plants that were running were producing vanadium. The tailings were brought out and then put back into this acid circuit and treated on the system. And this is what took place all through the war period. There was never any special development of the circuits as they are today for the direct treatment of the ore for uranium. And later they brought the V.C.A. tailings in from Durango to Uravan. The V.C.A. operation was another salt roast down there that Denny Miles had, and that plant also had a big tailings pile, and that was transferred to Uravan and put through one of the plants there. That, too, was treated. I don't recall the tonnage, but it was large. A quantity of materialwas brought up and it, too, was turned into---?--- material for the plant in Grand Junction. Then all8
 S. L. LAKE #1these plants produced the product up in the Grand Junction area. This program was active in connection with the army. Those plants were actually staffed by men that were--some were civilians and some were military. They were mixed up. One of the Uravan plant--the fellow that is superintendent is Fred Heines. He still lived here in Denver. Fred was thesuperintendent of the new plant across the river. His foreman was Jack George. Jack was a sergeant in the army. He's in new York and he's still with Union Carbide. And then there'd be shift bosses that would be military and some were civilians. Some of the workers were military. And they were pretty well-- they selected people on their skill or their background in staffing all those plants. And the Manhattan District moved in and set up an office in Grand Junction in connection with Union Carbide's run. And let's see, the colonel--no, it was Captain Leahy was the officer in charge there, I think, all during the war period. He had a staff that included men that were, oh, specialists in the operations here. There were a couple of metallurgists here. However, the metallurgists were civilians. One was from DuPont, a fellow named Alexander; and another was named Burdick, who was from a paint company in9
 S. L. LAKE #1West Virginia. But they both left their former operations to become involved with military affairs. They were army employees, but they were civilians with the army. And they were the corresponding jobs that I had as a metallurgist. At that time I becamein charge of the metallurgy for the program and was running the technical end of the chemical part of the work for that period. They also set up people that were in charge of transportation. They had army supervisions on transportation. They had a man that was in charge of the security. Of course, there was a lot of security officers around, both civilian and mi1itary. You never knew whether they were in the military or not; a lot of them wore civilian clothes. The overall operatic? was controlled under Union Carbide by Jack Robison, who was responsible for everything that Carbide had in the area. He's presently with Kerr-McGee. He's in charge of uranium for Kerr-Mcgee. And then his boss was Blair Burwell, who was the manager of the overall operations both there and Bishop. Burwell was responsible from the very beginning, in 1940, when those plants were actually started up. I think he was originallyacquired from the Standard Chemical Company when carbide acquired them. I think it was about 1920. He10
 S. L. LAKE #1had been formerly in Mexico. His son lives here in Denver. He is also Blai r Burwell . If you ' reRG: SL: RG: SL: RG:SL:interested, you could probably get background from him.Yeah, we--Have you talked with him?Attempted to talk with him.Does he have any interest?Well, yes and no. I guess, Blair Burwell has a number of records and they're locked up and he won't release any of those.Uh huh. That would probably be a very valuable collection of background that he has. But his father was the one that really instigated and pushed the efforts that Carbide did as far as these plants go, was very active in developing all of the technical end of these circuits and getting them going. He did it real quick and it was real efficient. And he got it onto operation and worked successfully. These plants ran until the war was over. And at the end of the program, about '46, I think those plants werediscontinued. They were all stopped. The operations were all about stopped during this period. There was one additional Carbide operation. They had the RifleMine, which was anon-uranium mi ne , primarily11
 S. L. LAKE #1vanadium. And that was also being run by the regular Carbide personnel, not those that ran what was called on contract account. All of us were involved in this contract account. But in that regular Rifle operation there was a very small amount of uranium, and in '46 they brought that into operation, also adding the small uranium recovery circuit. So this was also producing some uranium at about the end of the war period. But then the government discontinued running out the tailings. The tailings were pretty well treated from all these circuits and the plants were shut down. They eventually were dismantled, I think all of them. Only parts of the Uravan plants remained of all of them. Rifle was altered, but Rifle was operated on and off for a number of years, but it was a--what they called the old Rifle plant has been torn down. That's where this was located. And so it's all completely abandoned too. But that circuit was very similar to the ones down in Uravan. there was one--I think the first superintendent was--actually I was wrong on Ev L. Dean. There's a fellow named Leonard Norton, I think, was the first superintendent down there, and he was probably only in that position foronly a matter of months. I believe he was transferred from a chromium operation that carbide had. But it12
 S. L. LAKE #1seems to me that that was the first contract account, when the first government work started. But it was very tough to get it organized and get it going. And then, once it did get under way, the government camein. And once the army officers got there, then they started seeking personnel with background that had worked for the company, particularly if they were in military service. Some of the men that were in uniform, I believe, some were even overseas and were transferred back to the operation, and they worked there during the war period. Even operators, anybody with any experience at all was brought into it. In that whole period I was never involved with any of the activities with the mining, so my background is in more or less the history of the milling. Now in later years, I became the manager of the Carbide operation in the plateau, and that, of course, was in the boom period when we were developing mills for Maybell and Globe and Rifle expansion. Just ahead of that, Lunquist was manager. I followed him. He went to New York as vice-president. And when he was there as manager, we built a couple of upgraders: one at Slick Rock, another one out at Green River. These were all built in the mid-fifties. However, I had left Union Carbide for five years, from 1946 until13
 S. L. LAKE #1153. I was with U.S. Steel in Duluth, Minnesota inthe intervening period, and then came back to Grand Junction with Carbide in '53 and was in charge of the metallurgy until '57. In '57 'till I went to New York, I think, in '64 I was manager of the what they call the Colorado Plateau. And that, of course, did include the mining then, and also we did a great deal in that period on geology. A lo t of geologic activities were accelerated during that second phase, but I was not around or involved at all in any of that area of work from '46 to '53. Is there anything else there that I might fill in?RG: Oh yes, I have some questions about those tailings. Do you have any idea of the quality of uranium in them? What kind of a percentage was it per ton?SL:. Well, I believe they have--I think the old A.E.C. records show them pretty accurate. I would only be guessing. I think they were just ordinary ore grade. But I wouldn't be sure by memory just what they were. I think the A.E.C. records show that.RG: I don't know whether you're familiar or not, but the use of those things resulted in a suit on the part of the miners.SL: I never was involved. I knew very little of it. I know they had the suit, but I don't know any of the14
 S. L. LAKE #1details. I never followed it, nor was I everinvolved.RG: Then later on when you were involved in the millinghad the methods changed greatly from the earlierdays?SL: Yes. In the earlier period, the treatment wasprimarily based first on the recovery of vanadium by salt roast, then the treatment of the tailings from that circuit for the recovery of uranium. When uranium became valuable and was recognized as a primary metal, then the circuits were switched, and they were revised to pull out uranium first and then vanadium. Carbide's operation had pretty well reversed the flow sheets all the way through, both at Uravan and Rifle. These circuits were altered so they go through the leaching step initially, and this is where they will pick up the uranium and some vanadium, and then the residues are treated for vanadium. Now some of the materials still go through salt roast first. They use the kiln at Rifle. They do use the salt roast and then an acid leach on the tails. But for materials that are amenable to it, they have more or less reversed the procedure when uranium became the important element, at least the economic element. However, vanadium is varied because15
 S. L. LAKE #1all during that second phase, the uranium was the primary source. The sales were committed to the A.E.C. for uranium, but the vanadium production varied. The A.E.C. did not always buy it, and as a result a lot of the vanadium production was stockpiled. So the circuits were definitely aimed at getting uranium out and stockpiling vanadium if there wasn't a sales outlet. And this varied from year to year. In recent years, why, swung back and forth depending on the market.RG: You mentioned that you were in charge of metallurgy during the war in Grand Junction.SL: Y es.RG: Now what did that entail specifically?SL: Well, it was in the development first of the circuitsfor the plants. These, of course, were pretty well-- the type of flow sheet was pretty well done ahead of my time, but we did have laboratory personnel. There was maybe five men working in the laboratory developing the engineering data and the type of information you develop to make a workable flow sheet. By that you determine thickening rates and length of time for leaching and the various characteristics of the material in each stage so that you can come up with a workable flow sheet. Also, for16
 S. L. LAKE #1the specifications of the product, we had to come out with a certain quality of material. You have to study these by small bench scale, and then it's built up. This is typical of the problems that are done in developing a plant flow sheet even today.RG: Again, you mentioned there were large amounts of tailings, and I was wondering if anyone ever noticed that they were missing or that they had been moved?SL: Well, as far as secrecy goes, there was a great deal of it. Because of the restrictions on tires and gasoline, there was very little travel. People weren't driving into a place like Uravan for a vacation. It would be an unusual trip to go down there. There was very 1ittle bus service, although they did have a brief .service. But most of the travel was by people that were working or were connected with the area, and they had some realization of what was going on. There was a lot of speculation, but we all speculated. None of us were sure of the uses of the material. It was obvious that uranium was the valuable material but there was no evidence at the time as to how they were using it or to what form of energy it would. actually be applied, or what the military or--RG: You mentioned milling. Later on when you were in 17
 S. L. LAKE #1charge of both the milling and the mining on the plateau for Union Carbide, I'm sure you were aware that many of the miners complained that they were getting cheated on their ore samples. They believed their ore was worth more money than they were getting paid for. Do you have any comment on that, or what are the possibilities of cheating on an ore sample?SL: The sampling plants that I was acquainted with were well engineered, they were well studied. In fact, I did a lot of the experimental work myself in '53 in developing some of the engineering data on sampling. Sampling is only accurate to a degree that is statistical. In other words, you're actually taking a sample that doesn't and can't represent the--it isn't identical to the complete mass because it still is just a sample. But it is possible by statistical methods to make it come out very accurate, at least within economic accuracy. And I think the plants that I was connected with or knew about, as far as sampling goes, were good and they were reliable. Thiswas established and pretty well were confined over many, many studies by many people, including the government. I don't think there was any--this is a common problem that arises in smelters. All smelters that purchase custom ores or custom concentrates have18
 S. L. LAKE #1that problem. I don't really recall much concern about it during the period I was manager. We rarely had complaints. In fact, I can't even think of any.RG: During this latter period, what type of methods did you use for ore sampling?SL: Well, you crushed and took splits of the material as it went across the belts. I think that the sampling plants were built specifically for handling the ore. Al1 ore had to be crushed to an inch and a half before it went into the plant sampling circuit, so that 100 percent of the material that went in was crushed to about an inch and a half in size, and from this, a split was taken, maybe 10 percent of the total. And that in turn was crushed further and resampled. These were samples taken with the proper equipment; it's recognized as a good ore sampling practice. They're all based on--in fact, I think some of those plants are still running today and they're based on real accurate sampling systems. These can be engineered. There isn't any reason that you can'tengineer to a certain degree of accuracy on any sampling. And actually , the methods were used originally to determine the increment-sampling procedures, and these are established by studies of statistical methods, the sampling, in a lot ofl9
 S. L. LAKE #1fields, not only in the mineral field.RG: How large was the operation in '53 to '58 period, or until you--?SL: Well, I don't know that any of that information is confidential or not. It would be best to get it out of the records as to what they are. I believe all of those records are available. I'm not sure that Carbide has ever announced them and I wouldn't feel right if it was something that they hadn't released.RG: Okay. Did you ever have any dealings with the A.E.C. during the later period?SL: Oh yes, we had many discussions with them on contracts. I was involved in a lot of the negotiations on Carbide contracts for a number of years.RG: What was the basis that they worked the contracts out on?SL: Well, that's so broad, I don't know there's an answer to it. I believe that the contract--the requirements for the government for uranium varied during the various periods, and I think the policies shifted according to the requirements. As the needs built up, or the inventory started to increase, or needsdropped, why, these policies shifted and they were varying requirements as far as the government in20
 S. L. LAKE #1trying to develop the contracts. They actually were looking out for the best interests of the government and the overall picture. I always thought they were fair in their outlook and did an excellent job in representing the people. The A.E.C. was always very well operated and did an excellent job trying to administer their end. They had a number of very capable men running it in the period that I wasinvolved.RG: Are you familiar at all with the A.E.C. leases onwithdrawn lands?SL: Not much. We never had one, not to my knowledge. Ididn't know too much about them. I know, of course, a number of people that were operating on A.E.C. leases, but I didn't have a great deal of background on that.RG: Okay, that's it. Thank you.SL: Will that do 'er?RG: Uh huh. Do you have anything else to add?SL: No, I don't believe so. I've given just kind of athumbnail sketch of the history back there. RG: Okay, well thank you very much.21