 WARREN R . DECK Bluff, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-158July 21, 1971Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 
 Table of ContentsJuly 21. 1971Tape #1:Early Cattle Raising and Diphtheria . . . . SheepGrazingandtheOilBoom..The Old Wagon Road .......... . Hereford CowsThe Flood and Old Rock Houses.1 ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 4 ¥ ¥ 6 8 . 11 . 16 . . 19 ¥ ¥ ¥ 23 29Personal Background.Uranium Mills.Need For a Road ..A Road For the Reservation ........ .Water Development ................... 32 Water Reserves ..Water For San Juan County ..... Water in Denver and Arizonan Cities Meetings39 . 41 ¥ ¥ 47 49
 
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITHR . DECK JUL Y 2 1 ,WARREN UTAH ON 1 9 7 1 . THIS IS AN INTERVIEW FOR THE URANIUMSUZANNE SIMON AT BLUFF,CONDUCTED BYPROJECT, SPONSORED BY THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. [TAPE #1.JSS: Now you were saying about the story, that you had heard about the--WD: Well, I was particularly interested especially when I was on the paper to try to put in order these first years that they came in here very poor. [TheyJ had very poor conditions to work in, that is, conditions that were very difficult to work with in agricultural ways. In about 25 years they suddenly became very wealthy people. I always try to---?--- how they came by that wealth. The story always came through that itcame from cattle. There were several stories about how they obtained those cattle. But I think either it was from the outlaw cattle they got up at Elk Mountain or it was from a straight-out purchase of cattle from some of the Chisolm Trail people that expanded into the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. The time they obtained those cattle was at the time of the financial crisis of 1889 and 1890. The overexpansion of the railroad stocks caused a terrific financial depression and the price of cattle went down to a point where if they loaded cattle at Mancos, Colorado, they'd get to Kansas City and bring less than the freight. In other words, the cattleINDUSTRY
 WARREN R . DECKwere worthless. A lot of times where cattle became worthless they'd kill the cattle and skin them and take their hides to market, but the hides were just as low of prices and they'd also be not worth thefreight. It was a good time to buy, although they didn't want to buy. As I understand, the first group of cattle were offered at a ridiculous price. They only wanted a few cattle for themselves, for their own food. But they had to take a lot of cattle on this purchase. As I understand it, they had to go to Salt Lake to get a little help financially. It was a very small amount of money, but they didn't even have that. With this help that they got financially, it gave them security that all would work together. See, they went in as a group. There was some kind of cattle company, and these cattle were not owned by individuals but by the group as a whole. Now let's take this idea of this original purchase of cattle coming around 1889 or 1890. The gay 90s boom that we always hear about started somewhere around 1895. That gives somewhere, 4 or 5 years in there that this large group of cattle they had here; they must of had a tremendous expansion in the number of cattle. Now I believe, it's something the old timers have to admit, they came in here on a mission to the Lamanites; the2
 WARREN R . DECKNavajo and the Ute people, they're all Lamanites. They got all this cattle and as the cattle herd grew, they were spilling over the Navajo lands and the Utelands to the north. Naturally, that was conflict, and they kind of worked with the worst of the nation over here. But they had them and they had to take care of them. They hadn't actually gone out with the intention of becoming big cattle-raisers. So along about '95 they heard that there was a reasonably good cattle market. By the time they got the cattle shipped into Chicago, the cattle market was really booming and they suddenly realized that they'd be very wealthy. All that they had to do was to keep shipping those cattle, so they had cattle shipped and the market had lots of money for them. If you will look at the dates of these old houses here; now, we lived in what they call the Pioneer House over here, that white house over here, kitty-corner across the lot here. We know that that was built by the Deckers. It was started in 1898 and it was completed in 1902 by the wife and some of the younger kids there. The Decker family was one that was hit hard by thediphtheria in the 1900s. In fact, one of their girls got engaged to a fellow from Moab or some northern community. It was believed through that contact she3
 WARREN R . DECKcame back with the diphtheria and gave it to the others. There were 4 lost in that family and many others in town that were lost in the diphtheria plague that they had at that time. You can see, there again, '98, 1902, you go through these old houses, you get those dates. When I got out of college, I went to work in Chicago. That was in '25, '26, '27, and '28, in that time. Well, that was the big boom in those days. Down by the---?---, the near-south side of Chicago, there were still a lot of old homes left. From the gay '90s boom days, that was the ---?---, right around the---?--- Depot. If you had seen those houses and seen what they built here. They saw these houses, they got plans from the people that had built them. They went to the sash and door factories in Chicago and got the sash and door works and the hardware and the floorings and various things they needed to copy the house. They had lots of stone there and lots of labor to work the stone and put the house together. But if you would have seen those houses there and seen these houses here, you would've seen the direct tie-in. They were all designed around about that time, the gay '90s period. That againplaces it there. Now, I think that you hear the talk about gaining the wealth from sheep. I think the4
 WARREN R . DECKsheep grazing was something that came along in the World War I days. I think that was started then. There was some stories. There was a story about a murder. I 'm not wel1-enough acquainted with that to even talk about it. It took place in the sheep business over here, on what is now the Navajo Reservation. You see, the 110th, I think it's meridian, is it meridian or parallel? [meridian] Right at Mexican Hat was the end of the reservation,from Mexican hat to the Arizona Border and the Arizona Border on west. That was what was called the Piute Strip. That was given to the Navajos by an act of Congress in 1932. I think it was the last act that Herbert Hoover signed. That includes the---?---, the Piute Strip. The reason it was given the Navajos, wel1, I don't know the reason it was given, but I know in giving them this territory they figured that they might---?---. Because along in '28 there was an oil boom, similar to the 1910 oil boom that was over there around the Piute Strip area. They included a bonus out of the oil-lease to go the Navajos to provide for education, health and transportation or roads, in case the boom came in there. A lot of them moved into the area. It would take care of them andit wouldn't be a drain on the general public funds. 5
 WARREN R . DECKGeorge Adams outlined that. Now it's Don Adams who was State Senator from Monticello in this area for a number of years. He showed me some pictures at one time of the ---?--- area in 1910, ---?--- It was very apparent that these lands down in here were all little farmlands. It was till just recently, they were all laid in gullies and boondocks. They've gone up in this rush, you know. It was just in the lastfew years that they started clearing---?--- and make use of the land. These were all pretty farm plots down there and they were once cattle busters. Farming became their hobby, you see. Here were these little farmplots, you know, and pretty little lanes, not a weed in them and all the fence posts white-washed and all the wire in good repair you know, and this was a beautiful place. I know that when I used to travel in the '40s around southwestern Colorado, this old lady had the Mancos Hotel. She was Mormon and she told me that one of her earliest recollections was how the family would get ready to go to the conference at Bluff City, you know. They'd load up the wagon and it took two days to get here from Mancos. They'd get ready for a week, and they'd be here a week at the conference. I think they had conference two or three times a year. That also6
 WARREN R . DECKincluded the---?--- from the farming community. Now this was prior to 1910.SS: Now I was quite surprised, I was talking to a man in McElmo Canyon, you know. He was saying what seems like such a very remote place Hatch was. Actually that was quite a well-travelled route from that part of the country down to Bluff.WD: Oh, they travel close to the river. There's still some stone out here where they're going over the bare stone, when they're next to it, the horses, so their feet wouldn't slip. I don't know whether you noticed up here, the top of Cow Canyon. Did anyone show you their wagon tracks in the stone? You see, when they came down Cow Canyon, just at the top there, when you go out toward Clemon, just get out of your car and stop at the top and walk back and look down and you can see where the wagons--that were just wide enough at the bottom of the canyon for the wagons and they ground their steel wheels into the sandstone. There are two cracks left in the stone, and that's how they used to come into town. If they had theirbigger ones, when they'd block thatwere very heavy. They scooted them on the sand, brought them down about a mile east of the mission and dragged them down the river that way. When they7¥I ---?---which
 W ARREN R . DECKwent to Mancos, there wasn't any cross there, they went up t:.he river. They didn't come through Hatch. Hatch was a new development. In 1951, when I firststarted coming in right afterward into this country from Denver (my home was in Denver), well, that's about when I came in. I started 1coking around the country and I came down Cottonwood Canyon and across the Yellow-Jacket and that was quite a crossing then too. Usually you had to go through the water, you know. Then from there over to Hatch you came through a lot of--well, it's lava, sharp lava rock, black rock. I know the first time I was warned about that, I got two new tires and I had two spares and two extra rims, tires. I had all good tread tires on all six tires and I didn't make it all the way over to highway 47. So the Navajo people ---?---. This wastwenty years ago. They saw you coming down the line, they didn't run home, they ran into the bushes and hid. That's the way it was twenty years ago. This country right east of here was very much out-in-the- country.SS: Well, now this same man that I was talking to out in McElmo Canyon, possibly not from your own knowledge, the stories that you've heard, could corroborate this point. He said the first hooded herefords that he8
 WARREN R . DECKcould remember brought into this country to improve the stock were brought in by that Bluff City Cattle Co. in about '98.WD: Yeah.SS: 13 Hereford bulls.WD: Well, then I would be right. See, they had this, I'msure they had this Chisholm Trail stock. I'm sure, the story I've heard most of the time was that these cowboys had the stock up there in the San Juan Mountains above Durango. This would be 1889 or 1890. They had not shipped them because there wasn't any market. They'd driven them over here and they'd not shipped them in 1889, in the fall when they should have or at least reduced them way down. They'd driven them over here to Wintergrace, it's warmer here. They'd had word from San Antonio to sell all these cattle and to get what they could get for them and get back to San Antonio. Well, I guess, if you would have been around West Texas, those fast talking Texans, they're about the same men as they are today, you know, and these were pretty slow talking old varmints here you know. They sure didn't have any money to be talked out of. They had--you can just visualize that much, trying to sell these ---?--- about 4500 head of cattle. ---?--- and if they didn't9
 WARREN R . DECKwant 4500 cattle, there they were, you see. So the object of the deal was for these boys to get a good- --?--- and get back to San Antonio. Have a littleleft over if possible, but whatever they got, it was by everybody pulling a little---?---, that would be the Bluff City Cattle Co. ---?--- to Salt lake for a little more money to make the deal and send these boys on their way and they had the cattle. Now there was another cattle deal that came in there, I think some time later. It might have been near the same time. It might have been a deal made for the same reason, that there wasn't any market. That was the Elk Mountain cattle.ss: Yes, I've heard of that.WD: These cattle were marked E-L-K and Elk Mountain, Idon't think had anything to do with a lot of elk being there. I think it has to do with these cattle, they were marked E-L-K. As I understand they were a bunch of outlaws that ran these cattle, sort of in the old dug-out ranch area, around the backside of the Blue Mountains. See, Blanding was the summer playground of the Utes that came over from the Ouray. When you got north of Blanding, that wasn't connected with this country at all. There was this country,there were the Ute Indians, and the outlaws were up 10
 WARREN R . DECKin the hills behind that. So, there was a deal made and---?--- the Elk Mountain cattle. I think that was later, I think. Even later than that came the sheep deal. I think that was after the winter of 1910-11-- let's see--no, it'd be the winter of 1910. I'm not sure of the year. Do you have some date on the---?---?SS: 1910, I believe.WD: That would be in the spring of 1910. That's right,that's right, 1910, spring. Well, of course, these houses weren't knocked down and ---?--- Here's another thing, I don't know if anybody has discussed this with you, a big deal. I want to start with 1910. The next important date is going to be 1928. Now in 1910 they had the flood here. This house over here, the water didn't even get up near that. It was the only one that had a good foundation. This white house over here, you should go in, look inside,they'd be very glad to show you I'm sure. It has walls about that thick made out of golden monument stone. Mr. Decker excavated down about, I got this from his daughters, oh, about 10 or 11 years ago. One was 91 and the other was 93. Both of their names were Wood; [theyJ married brothers. They were down here and the 91 year old was just as lively and spry as11---?---.'
 W ARREN R . DECKanybody you'd ever want to see and all over the place. The 93 year old sister I carried back to see some of the things in the back of the ---?---. They had come over---?--- and when their father and other members of the family died, they helped their mother finish that house. They said they ---?--- down on their hands and knees and shoved it across the hardwood floors to smooth them out and polish them out. Quite a job to finish that house. Took four years to build that house, the last two years they were alone, their father had died. Now, you see, everything there, you can start with 1890, 1 95, the building period there, '97, '98, '99, 1 100, 1 101,1 102, 1 103. You see, down in here, this ---?--- family---?--- hard as cement, but it's money, see? It soaks for a while in water, it softens too. Of course they had no reason to believe, there wasn¥t any evidence, they'd never had any floods here. I guess they'd just never had the river change its course a little bit like that but ---?--- So when the flood did come here's the irony in that: the flood came, it would have never occurred if it hadn't have been for the Chisholm Trail feeding its cattle in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. They had eaten the grass down, eaten the grass down to the point12
 WARREN R . DECKthat when they had this big snow in 1909 and it became---?--- Then they had a late spring and all of a sudden it got warm and they had warm rains on top of the snow pack, you know, and nothing to hold it back. Down the river she came. Well, I can't tell you how the---?---, I don't know how to describe it. But there was a gauge number: 95,000, that was the flow of water. Now let's just take that. Now, I had seen at one stage here 15,000 and I think it was somewhat higher than that last fall when it came up over our hay lines, maybe 20,000. But 95,000 was---?---. They had these little farms down here and they had farms down on the lower banks, it just cleaned everything out and left big deposits of sand there you know. Asfar as even the houses were concerned there was no encouraging them to reestablish in their houses. As far as getting under these houses, the water didn't come up around through the houses. It'd just got up here to where it'd soften the dirt. These were two- story stone hoses and those walls were heavy; there were stones that thick you know. It didn't take much to crack this one, then that one. The whole thing wasvery discouraging, you know. There were just a few of the houses left that could be lived in without much repair. A lot of them--people lived in them, but13
 WARREN R . DECKthere were pretty good cracks in the walls and I guess they shoved a little mud in them. Just as fast as they could they moved up to Blanding and Monticello.SS: How many of---?--- of these stone houses were here before the flood?WD: Well, before the flood there was really a lot of them. Even in '50 there remained some houses here. But let me go on and tell you the rest of this. I told you back in 1928, in 1928 they had a large flood again. I think that was somewhere around 25,000 feet. There were---?---. Now to them---?---. So, ---?--- the boom years after World War I, the army eventually ---?---, came in there and build a continuous wall about. Now this town was just plum full of hardwood trees. They were unkept. They hadn't been trimmed or kept-up you know. They went through and sawed down these hardwood trees---?---. They took these houses that were vacant, most of them were vacant, and they just took the stone and carried it out and filled thecreek. That was 1928, so there wasn't too much left after there. At the end of 27 years later---?---. so there were still some rock houses, [but it] kind of looked to me they'd taken most of the rock houses and just left ---?--- God know what was left ---?---14
 WARREN R . DECKwhere the houses were piled up. Just how many houses were left, I have never been able to get a figure, but there was a bunch of them. I imagine over 30 bigones and probably--now this home, built actually--the logs in this house here are ---?--- That's pretty much the things I have seen. I'd like to see---?--- this side of Georgia. The reason why is he was in the state senate and he had a lot to do with writing this Navajo treaty---?--- that was passed by congress in 1932. It had been passed before that; at least it was on Herbert Hoover's desk and it was the last thing for him to sign before he went out alone. Now there's the---?--- and the Piute Strip. It was just prior to that that they had the sheep deal down there. You might put that in between '10 and '28 somewhere, because you see that land where Harry Reuben is and all that country is down there was all part of the stat of Utah and the state range ---?--- Theyweren't grazing, ---?--- That was one of the ways I think that they got the people to pay, if the---?--- had gone out, they bought these lands. ---?---. land grant was $3 an acre---?---.ss: It used to be over 50.WD: Yeah. Right down the line. I saw Perkins buying landat $2 an acre and complained about that---?--- 15
 WARREN R . DECK SS: ---?---WD: ---?--- voyage in the old country. ---?---SS: Think of your own personal stories here, to say that ---?--- worked in Chicago. ---?--- you full name andage.WD: My name is Warren C. Deck. D-E-C-K, and I was born inRock Island on Long Island in 1901. In 1950 my folks moved to North Dakota, they took up land there. Back in 1918, of course World War I, nobody went to school in that country, in fact they shut the schools down. ---?--- along with a bunch of other kids. I was 17. World War I, ---?--- North Dakota. ---?--- they took 102 of us up and we were all farm kids ---?---. I finished high school in two years because I had studied---?---. Then I went to college at Ames, Iowa and just took the first four years. I had planned togo on. Our family was mixed up with the John Deere Company and I was supposed to go to South America but I didn't want to go to South America to college because of the advertising business. I don't know, then I got into the publishing business ---?---. Iwas really busy about the time of the crash and I'd gone up to visit in Denver in the '30s. The 1930s in Denver and my goodness, commission was so much better in Denver than it was in Chicago. Chicago was sort of16
 W ARREN R . DECKin the middle of the worst of the depression so I just decided to move out to Denver. A fellow said "Going out for your health?" I said, "Yes, there's a 1ot more to eat out there." So I 1ived 2O years in Denver and I've been here 20 years.SS: You were in the publishing business there?WD: I was in the publishing business there. I had my own printing plant. I was superintendent of one of thelargest plants in Denver. ---?--- for 6 or 7 years, and---?--- employers and employees. It worked out to be the typographical department for the Emily Griffith school in Denver about the time they were putting in the minimum wage law, which practically knocked out all the apprenticeship in the printing stage. It became apparent we had to do something to keep these kids. You had a youngster coming in and you couldn't afford to pay him the minimum wage, you know. You actually had to put him into school for a couple of years. The apprenticeship was 5 years. During that time I was active in the unions. I carried a card for eight different unions at one time in the graphic arts trade in Denver. Then I finally got into buying and manufacturing Western Stationery and I was very successful in that during the last part of the war and a little bit afterwards.17
 W ARREN R . DECK---?--- was upside down after the war. When I got rid of that, I got to wandering around this country. I liked it here and I particularly liked Bluff. So I kept coming back here and finally established myself here in 158. But I was in and out of here since '51 and a lot of other trips back and forth. This coming down here in '51, you went over the canyon, you slid right down that hill. You went over from slickrock to ---?---, just before you got out to---?--- you'd--- ?--- If you went out the other end, the only way going west was out to Redlake and ---?--- that country. I saw Redlake out there, just sand-storm and sand drift across that road and it might be 2 or 3 days. You got over into that country and you weren't too sure about how fast you were going to get out. The first uranium diggers, when the uranium boom first started and they started hauling uranium up that---?--- hill there, they had a Cat going all the time. I mean they just dragged them up the hill, they just dragged those trucks. It just got to where it was all chewed up and there was no way to get the cars up. Then they finally built a little better road down there. It was pretty well prepared by 1953-4. Then they got to hauling uranium across the swingingbridge down in Mexican Hat. They had an old Irishman 18
 WARREN R . DECKdown there who was the pusher on the crew. He kept pushing a little bit bigger loads and a little bit bigger loads until finally they ran right straight through. Then they put another swinging bridge there. This was in '52 and '53. In '54 they completed thesteel bridge there.SS: This was the uranium mines on the reservation?WD: There were uranium mines in San Juan County at thattime.SS: Well, I didn't know they were out at Mexican Hatuntil 1 55 or '56.WD: Yeah. You see, here's the thing, if you canunderstand about the uranium area here. When men started mining uranium on a large scale, they didn't have any uranium m ills, they had vanadium m ills. over there in Uravan and Naturita and they did the best they could in getting out the uranium and try and take the vanadium along with it. It got to be a very good business later on. ---?--- was getting more uranium than they did in the first place. Well, then they built these different mills. The mill at Uravan, the mill--well, the revised mill at Durango. At Mexican Hat now, it started as a Piute operation down at Hite, they moved it up to Mancos, ---?--- Then they moved it as part of the section of the19
 WARREN R . DECKMonticello mill. Now this process was particularly adapted to removing high-copper-content uranium. At the Happy Jack mine out here there was a stockpile,right out there in Fry Canyon for years, you know. They had this tremendous stockpile. The uranium was there but they didn't have a good process for removing it. They were buying uranium and they didn't even know how they were going to get it. So when the Mexican Hat [mill] was built, it was built for the purpose of removing this high-copper-content ore. It was put in that location because the mines down at the reservation had high-copper-content ore. The were hauling the ore from Fry Canyon down there, over the ---?--- Mesa when they got that---?--- coming down off that cliff and that was a very interesting thing. Well, when they were building that--did you ever go, you've been on that road?SS: Y es.WD: You know about half-way up there, where thereI s agreat big place where they went through a wall intothe Mexico? There's a big split. SS: Y eah.WD: The road was supposed to go in there and go around that and go out and come back into this other place, this cove in there, and then finally go out into the20
 W ARREN R . DECKthird cove. But there was a young engineer that sorta hung by his fingernails on the cliff there. Somehow or other, he got a survey in there and had taken it to the boss about the time they were cutting through there. They shut down the whole operation and workedfor 2 or 3 days to check him out and he was right, they should stay in that one cove and go all the way down to that level where they go in to the place where you start at the bottom, supposing you start up from the bottom. They cut through then, they started the road around the other cove and changed. At that time, they ran a lot of oil surveys in here and geophysical work. I was riding around in a Standard Oil Company helicopter and boys were drilling those as fast as they could right up to the---?---. Kind of smiled back and forth, ---?--- Now that's the Mexican Hat Mill. It was built for, that was one of the last processes developed, the important processes. Naturally, the mills over in that area and Magnolia, they were for high-vanadium content. Themill at Slickrock was for a high-lime content. Mexican Hat, high-copper-content, and the Happy Jack and the mines over in that area produced from the high-copper-content ores. People used to come into this country and just be struck with the uranium in21
 WARREN R . DECKthat country and go over here and---?--- and go on over here and you know, "What the heck's the idea of all this uranium all over here, you know, ---?---?" What they were doing was separating their ore at these different buying stations. They'd haul the high-copper-content ore to Slickrock or Grand Junction. They'd ship it all the way down to Mexican Hat. The same way with the high-lime ore, over to Slickrock. They'd get most of this ore, which was the high-lime-content ore out of ---?--- It's high there. Very interesting trip to go up there and see the---?--- mines out at---?---SS: ---?---?WD: That belongs to Kerr-McGee. They own the Slickrockplant and---?---.SS: The company who built this one here at Mexican Hat,don't you think?WD: Yes. New Jersey Zinc and the Texas Oil Company. Tobegin with, there was Arizona mining company interested in it and they got the figures up to 2.9 million and they got cold feet and backed out. In fact, the mining company was the one who located the mill and started the construction. Then they backed out on a two-way deal and New Jersey Zinc and Texas Oil Company went on with it. I can't remember the22
 WARREN R . DECKoriginal name of that place. I think it---?---.ss: When you actually relocated from Denver into this area, did you go---?--- and take over publications? WD: I was in public relations at that time and---?---There was very little interest then---?---. We lived in Arizona and Colorado because it's very interesting and it's more on the road, directional, Grand Junction, gradually through this country to the Grand Canyon and---?--- At that time between Gallup, New Mexico and Thistle, Utah, [there was] no road through this country. Well, it wasn't quite a third of the distance of the United States north and south, but itwas more, quite a bit more than a quarter. It's directional, in other words, the middle of the route between this distance north and south would be the straight line between Chicago, Denver and Los Angeles. Well, anybody can see that it was very apparent that they needed a road in that direction. In Colorado you had---?--- that area, the west end of Mancos County, Dolores County up there; you came down here in San Juan County. You see, before the uranium boom, San Juan County was about 7,000 people and one tenth the area of Utah. Down on the reservation, the Navajos had no interest, they had no--could foresee no possibility of roads. There in23
 WARREN R . DECKArizona, the Navajo reservation, 'cause that's one- tenth the state of Arizona, is in the Navajo reservation--if they ever pressed them into building a road in there their whole state program would have been upset for years. You see, the problem was, theonly thing we had in favor of it was a lot of AEC money. The appeal was that the Atomic Energy Commission had three purposes: 1) To prospect and mine the uranium ore, 2) to transport it to a point where you could recover it, the mill or somewhere, and 3) to recover it back. That time, you take $100 worth of uranium, and it was just exactly one-third to the prospecting and mining and one-third to the men. In other words, this transportation was costing so doggone much money that you take a great big truckload of uranium ore and a 1ittle handful of uranium. See, it was entirely a transportation problem and it was scattered all over Timbuctu, you know. So, they had established the transportation problem. It was as much as the other two departments. It was outrageous up around Grand Junction and boy, if they decided to build a half-million dollar road down there because people see they are transporting ore into Mexican hat mill and out of that Indian Area or someplace like out of the Fry Canyon area, why you24
 W ARREN R . DECKcould probably testify a half-miJ.lion dollar expenditures just like that, see, and make money on it. All you had to do was to learn how ---?--- pitched up the need to the Atomic Energy Commission, there was your money to build it. Simple as that. But what happened? You got down to build it and you found out the San Juan County didn't want you around, didn't want any roads or anything. That's right. They had uranium miners, ranchers and conglomerate over there in that section of Colorado. Well, they were divided in their interests. They were so weak politically they couldn't do anything, you know. Inother words, they weren't all that merry to hear they were too weak politically and they couldn't raise any funds to substantiate this thing. They were very well off, they didn't want it. The Navajos were kind of non- ---?--- about it. So, way off in the hills of Colorado, the---?--- people and down in Arizona, the ---?--- people, they were the ones that were interested and they were---?---. It got to be a very interesting public relations job. Of course eightyears off and on, I pursued that. It was an asset to the community to see ---?--- They'd start out and say, "Wel1, we want to do this." "Oh, al1 right, we'11 get together 2 or 3 thousand dollars and get25
 WARREN R . DECKsome printing out and do some lobby work, and pursue something and get some support for AEC." Now actually this was all right out in front---?---. It was 100%, the rock base to begin with in '54 and the---?--- in'58 was built and paid for by the Atomic Energy Commission. The state of Utah not only never put a dime into it, the federal government never put a dime into this road out here. But every time the $100,000 came up to go into building this road from Blanding, Mexican Hat, the border on down, they took 10% off for their engineering and they never did any engineering. They sent an engineer down to be sure. They just followed them over the line to make sure they didn't wander off the course in building the road. That's the way the road out here was built. When the blacktop went on this road ---?--- was governor. He didn't want to put the blacktop on this road out here from Blanding to Mexican Hat. We had $500,000 of Atomic Energy Commission money, but it was needed around $700,000 to do the job. ---?---, he said the State had no money, no funds. Hell, these big uranium companies ---?--- Thought this whole country was a pile of dust. The other operator told me out at Grand Junction, he said, "---?---, I know this and I'm telling you, we're the only two who will26
 WARREN R . DECKknow this. $250,000, $300,000, whatever it takes to build that, to put the blacktop on that road, the 50 miles there, I've got it." Now, he was a very keen public relations man. He was a ---?¥ ---I they'd turn him down. ---?--- would say, "No, we want a better line, we want to wait until we have money---?--- and ---?--- We don't want an inferior road." Boy, anything, any kind of blacktop in here would be a Godsend. ---?---, there was 15 boy-scouts on a truck who came down here to swim in the old---?---. They were going back to Blanding and they started to goaround this truck and they couldn't see in the dust and they hit another truck head on and killed about three-quarters of them. Man, that's what we were in and we wanted to pay---?---. Ahead of me, down at Harry Goodman's--and I think this hit around 1954. Christensen was the State Treasurer and he came on down---?---. We had Charlie Shoemaker from Colorado, ---?---. Then we had someone from the state highway department in Arizona, ---?--- Jim Hines down in Mexican Hat was very much a good promoter for these works. He was about the only top-rank authority we had in the state of Utah. So just as we got down tothe meeting I called Jim aside and I said, "Now, Jim," I said, "the operator knows this and he's27
 WARREN R. DECKtelling it to me and we're the only two that know this and now I'm telling it to you. Whether you can help me, I can trust you." I told him that we had the money. They had the meeting and tried to get Utah to give them the $250-300,000 dollars, whatever it took. That was---?---. So I told Jim and they got turned down. They gave him about what the operator anticipated, which places it about exactly right. I said our only chance is to get Colorado and Arizona to pressure Utah and they'11 probably say, "Well, if somebody knows where we can get $300,000, we'll buildit and we'11 pave it." That 's just exactly what¥I ---?---happened. We pressured and theysomebody knows where we can get it, okay." I was the middleman for ACE. I said, "Well, I've got the money and Friday, Saturday, I'11 be down to pay you." Coming home that night, Jack had his airplane up at Monticello; some delay caused him to come down the hill there into Mexican Hat, to the bridge there and it had jack-knifed right across the road. Therewasn't any way of getting out of that river. He had to go down to where the old road was to the old swinging bridge. I don't know if you have ever been on that, that's kind of interesting. Down there by Mexican Hat, it's still there, on the side of the28
 WARREN R . DECKcliff. We got in a little black thing and just started around the side of the drip there and got in the swinging bridge. I can still recount how Jack--- ?--- and that the Atomic Energy Commission should--- ?--- the money. So, that's how this road out here of 50 miles got built, and I can tell you how the other sections got built. One section from the border to Kayenta. This was several years later and they'd gotten a road built from Mexican Hat to the border, mainly through Atomic Energy Commission funds. That was a 1ittle better road than this one. Now they needed a road to Kayenta, and this public relations, this whole lobby program in order to get big funds to go across that northern reservation, we figured we had to have a road into Kayenta. There was not AtomicEnergy Commission assistance possible. There was not state assistance. There was no BIA assistance. The Indians had been given many millions of dollars for their rehabilitation programs and ---?--- 20,000,000; 30,000,000 million for their roads. 30,000,000 for health and 30,000,000 for education. They had spent $18,000,000 of the ---?---. Arizona wouldn't do anything about encouraging the Indians to build this road or help build it. So the Indians wouldn't touch it. There was no help from Utah, that29
 WARREN R . DECKwas in Arizona. You had to get Utah to help in Utah. ---?--- to get anybody interested in that. So I talked about it to Frazier and he said, "I've got nothing to say. Why don't you guys go down to---?--- and start some meetings, a series of meetings down there? If you just---?--- that's all. You just tell, project the advantages that they would have byspending the money---?--- and getting this road to Kayenta and a bridge across the---?---. There'd be lots of money to follow that if we could jut poke our nose into that part." So I went down to Window Rock with the attitude that I was going to go down there to tell them about the possibilities, but leave every door open, not close any door with anybody, leave every door open for future needs. It was a very---?-¥I ---?---morning we had this meeting and it had great BIAthesecretary of tribe and Mars saw the point and he helped instigate a real good meeting. In three days we had a meeting. I had gone down there on Friday and ---?--- on Saturday and Sunday I had talked with some ---?---. On Tuesday-- affair.representation from the district that wasWindow Rock, and men came over from the educational committee of BIA that were interested. We had the complete tribal council representation of30¥I ---?---
 WARREN R . DECKadvisory board which was the important; the chairman, secretary, and vice-chairman. We had a good meeting. There were about 15, but there was still just one person there was talking to me with absolutely noofficial background. I did a good job at leaving all the doors open and not pressing for any funds. I got back to Grand Junction on Thursday afternoon. The meeting was on Tuesday afternoon. I went into the--- ?--- office and he was all smiles. He said, "Well, you seem to feel pretty good, I think I do too. I think you had a good meeting and I think that you are going to have some more.they've already called up and---?---." I want to tell you that story because you say you are interested in---?---. Thisis--what do we say, around '54, 16 years ago. About 4 weeks ago I went down south to get this little car of ours fixed. I couldn't buy a windshield anywhere for it so we went down to---?--- they said they'd get us a windshield, so we went down to get it. Actually--- ?---. But I always take advantage of---?---, go down 200 miles to get my car fixed, ---?---. I was put on the San Juan Service last year, mainly because of the fact that I had good communications with---?--- anda couple of previous bills that---?---. [END OF SIDE ONE]31¥I ---?---
 WARREN R. DECKWD: --becoming very negative to anything except specialinterest things that we were specializing in. If somebody would have been close at the time they would have known that it would have been very easy to go around to house-members and advisors of the board, just walk right around and go after this thing. We could've built that dam and put water in it. Now that's why---?--- because we felt that things were getting too ---?--- So in order to fulfill my obligation to the board, I took the occasion and I was down there getting my car fixed. In other words, I didn't plan this trip to go down there and---?--- communications. There's no urgency. I did go out and a couple of council members between the 10:00 recess, I joined the 2 that were out there. I am out the front door and here were 2 council members on the walk and I told them what I was down there for. I set up my communications there. One of them was on some kind of a water deal and another had some kind a shirt-tail interest in another water deal. So they said, "I think that between now and noon we are going to appoint a committee or appoint somebody especially to look after this water proposition. Now they said, "What have you been doing?" I said, "Where do you want me?" They said, "Down at the Rodeway Inn. You32
 W ARREN R . DECKget down there and most of the council will come down there to eat lunch and we'll have people that will be connected with this thing." Well, at noon, these two council men came up and they had Carl ---?---, who was chairman of the resources committee. I knew Carl, he's been chairman of the housing authority and solved a tremendous amount of housing problems. Carl was a very intelligent fellow. He was bright enough to solve---?--- of Chase National Bank of New YorkCity. I mean, they can build houses when they're sure they have people who will take them out and pay for them. His vice-chairman was Don---?---. So they said ---?--- and we just want kind of a one man deal that's reporting back to probably some special group on a resource committee. So we're the ones responsible for the water-deal. I told them that I was---?--- and they were particularly---?--- on our agenda was building this dam over here that would irrigate quite an area, ---?--- and I'd like to talk to ---?---." They said, "Well, fine." They said, "Now, we've had a very interesting discussion---?--- - on water and we've got a new legal counsel, a man from Phoenix." He was over there with the challenger side and they were going to take me over there to introduce him. I knew the chairman because I worked33
 W ARREN R . DECKnext to him for 2 years down at ---?--- They introduced me to the new council ---?--- Paul suggested that I ought to take this down to---?--- with the right attitude. We've got 184 miles from the southern border in San Juan County from the 4- corners to Page and it's all in the Navajo reservation. All the Navajo Reservation in the State of Utah is in San Juan County, so we do have quite a bit to do with the tracks and this water-deal. So the new legal counsel, I don't want any papers. I want to talk to you now.11 So we talked over everything that was apparent right now. Then he went into the facts of the 1868 Navajo treaty. Now the 1868 Navajo treatyis the one that notarized every drop of water in the San Juan River. ---?--- well, it's a complicated one, but what it means is that you have to use it for irrigation or for drinking water. You can't use it for manufacturing or such work that we do in a mine. So they got plenty of ideas, they could cut that river up and pump up their ---?--- water goes underground. They want to have a vast agricultural production from now clear up to ---?--- There is vast agricultural land. There's a tremendous water table. San Juan water without too much pushing just moves into that country. Now you said that they were34
 W ARREN R . DECKvery much interested ---?--- that they are going to have to have a lot of in order to make those worth developing. So the important thing with this, this-- -?---, going down there 15 or 16 years ago and one little move and---?---. Boy, I want to tell you, by the time they got a million and a quarter they got through with this other stuff they had roads all over that reservation. Millions of them. The next appropriation that came out was 20 million dollars,100% federal appropriation, the Goldwater-Anderson deal. It was put up and Senator Anderson and Senator Goldwater---?---. Signed and ran through the house by---?--- of New Mexico, who was the hatchet man on the House of Representatives. ---?--- and there was a problem of road designing across that northern reservation. That's a long ways through there. They called in Bureau of Public Road surveyors from San Francisco. They had these new--! guess they're pretty well old now, but they were brand new transit. [They] could go out there without any chains now or anything. It was all triangulation and electronic, all you had to do was to push a button. They had all the equipment on there. They designed the roads andbuilt them in a year and a half's time, other than the ones that had already been started. There hadn't35
 W ARREN R . DECKbeen much started. I sensed this, the attitude of that tribe today about water is just the way it was then about roads. Here they saw people that were sure of never---?--- and they were certain1y wrong about that, because it changed and everybody's got a pick- up down there ---?--- The area of the land, we looked at today in this downtown---?---, is the most terrible thing ---?--- in 20 years for business in town. I was down there last spring and that area looks the worst I've ever seen. The people have that attitude, they've got the industry pushing them out, they understand where they stand. If they took every drop of the water out of the San Juan River, the immediate effect would be to turn the whole Colorado River up-side down. You've had everybody up in there. I firmly believe because I have seen with my own eyes, three different recycling developments, the recycling development between 1930 and 1946 in Denver, Colorado. In 1935-7 they plugged up every drop of water from the Rocky Mountains Eastern Colorado [River] and put it out in the forest ponds and sent it into the city of Eugene, the water mains. The forest ponds were for irrigating the land and allthe Eastern Colorado plains in 1930 and before. I saw Phoenix in 1938, a little bitty town down there. "Oh,36
 WARREN R . DECKwe can't have any more people down here, we can't open any more land, our water tables are gone." They had never done anything but open more lands andinvite more people and more industry to come in there using more water. This just continued. Of course, it's still the same, when we run out of water. Where did the water come from? The Apaches were just here five or six years ago. They said, "This water is running out of Apache land and we want to use it to irrigate our lands." They plugged up every doggone river out of the White Mountains corning through their reservation and they almost had a gun battle over this. The Salt River Project was going to go up there and blow up those lands. There's more water corning out of the White Mountains into the Salt River Project there than there was before they started using them. Whatever runs through there, they're using that much water. We are using every drop of it, and suck every drop of water from this San Juan River and spread it all the way up to---?--- and all the way down to---?---, use the water tables and knock down all the little sand-lot testing they got all up and down there, and open the lands to good production farming. San Juan County, the way I feel about it ought to be 100%, we ought to spend an amount of37
 WARREN R . DECKmoney on water development here, we ought to spend it on helping the Navajos make feasibility reports so they could do that job down here. Because that wateris---?--- recycle. The winds are going to carry it over here and we'll get all our water without pumping. Once, twice, maybe three times before it gets up there in the watershed of Telluride, and the San Juan Mountains and up around Montrose and Delta and Grand Junction and all that country. We'll deliver more water to California and Arizona than the San Juan River or the Colorado River, then we are delivering out of this river now. It's just running down here, they'11 pull all that water out just as fast as they can in about a year in areas of Arizona.SS: What kind of reaction are you getting in San Juan County?WD:In San Juan County, the minute they hear it they are for it. You betch-ya. Why shouldn't they be? These guys up here, hay lands and areas of lands, crops of beans and everything else if they could get a little water on them. What they're trying to figure out [are] multi-million dollar deals that we can't fund. I mean there is no way we can fund this. Oh, we might come up with something like we did on the roads down there. But as I see it right now, the Navajos are in38
 W ARREN R . DECKa position of debt. I'm sure he's got the lands to put it on and he starts pushing it up in the air. From then on any hot rock that fails on it or anything else, it's going to be bounced right back upin the air and come down again. We had a little rain last night. We should've had a rain the night before. We should've had a good rain last night. We should have rain tonight. I mean, do you see what I mean? We're going to get one sprinkle out of it and wet the ground about that deep, into the dry soil. Now that is what I think about that. That's pretty much the whole thing in one 1ump. I think that today we are sitting here on a fabulous situation in San Juan County, looking at opportunity. You see they have thought, the Water Conservation Board and the people there, they have thought only in terms of pul1ing that water this way up here. We get the other guy to pull it that way, plus all his underground water tables are just tremendous. I saw a well drilled down there. [There] weren't many of them, cased it and capped it~ There was so doggone much pressure, it pushed the casing right up out of the end. I don't know, I think they had to pump that thing. They estimated that they had about 3/4 of a ton pressure. The irony of that situation, you go back a number of39
 WARREN R . DECKyears and you wonder why people sat all these years with that sort of thing. You go back, oh I guess,it's three or four years ago and ---?---. Down at Round Rock, Arizona, they anticipated irrigating some of that land to grow wheat. That's the last place in the world that you would want to grow wheat, down around Round Rock, Arizona. You'd want to grow squash and watermelon and stuff like that. Anticipating that they were going to irrigate and that they were going to grow wheat, they built a flour mill. Now the remains of that flour mill are still down there and I'll take you down and show you. You see what encouragement did the Navajo have in this area? They're doing a little better with the BLO, the Bureau of Land Operations, part of the BIA, and of course their struggles down there now are to get good horse-driven work with their sheep and their cattle. They had a lot of problems there. The way I see it, this thing is going to hit all at once, that whole tribe is going to go all-out, because they--here's what they've got. THey've got an agriculture there that is about 60% at least of all the people on the reservation and that's all the people that would work because, that's interesting, the rest of them would have to work to serve the 60% in other services. In40
 W ARREN R . DECKother words, in order for ---?--- the tribe doesn't need any third child in general dynamics. They're a bunch of cattle-men and sheep-men and they' re agricultural people to begin with, see. That's what they should develop. That's all I got to say aboutthe water. That enough?SS: I was wondering if---?---?WD: Yep, right now we are trying to get a lot more waterfor the city of Monticello and rebuild the waterlines here. The waterlines were built just right before the flood in 1910, the winter, just before the flood. One pipeline which is---?--- they're still being served on it. Artesian well, we've had this eight or nine years, and had this house and never paid a cent for the water 'cause it went---?---. Artesian water is bad for irrigation. The irrigation line on this side of the river, the---?--- line of this side of the river, the irrigating line on that side of the river and the ---?--- line on that side of the river. Worked it out to where we borrowed the money from the Conservation Board and we pay it back in ten years. It'11 cost, provided only 18 people use it on this side and 18 people use it on that side, and that's what we can't decide. It costs us $4 a month plus a- --?--- and the interest on the investment. But we got41
 WARREN R . DECKthe paper and we holler, paper. In Monticello we're having some battle with the forestry department and the state geologists up in Salt Lake. It looks to me like we're going to have to file some mining claims tomorrow or the next day and have a miner go up there and drill for mining claims in order to find the water. ---?--- in order to file for construction, in order to file for our mill levee at the County Clerk's office. I think that we are going to have to extend it to August 15. So far she said August 1. We'll get the job done some way. I think there is a possibility of getting Monticello. See right now, Monticello is just getting water through the spring and then it begins to get dry in those mountains and they all get thirsty. They should be having 800 gallons of water per minute in Monticello, and they're only getting about 400. I think they should build a bunch of wells up there and put them on a 15- year pay-off and they'd never even feel it. They'd be able to get 50% more water in Monticello, they--this has been stated in the board meeting time after time- -the first consideration is the development of---?-- - water for --?--- and I think that's a ---?---attitude. SS: ---?---?42
 WARREN R . DECKWD: ---?---. Blanding, it's spread all over the place upthere. There are areas where the water---?---. We're trying to develop a recreation water project, not that we want to develop recreation water for our own ---?--- ---?--- 2 miles east of Monticello. Next dam project is on McElmo Canyon over there and will provide irrigation water for quite a large area of land in the arm of suspension of the Navajo Reservation. The Greek natural project which will be in conjunction with the State Highways is costing about ---?--- somewhere between 4 and 6 million dollars a year. How much will be involved there I don't know, and so far as the water is concerned, it w ill probably be around $1,000,000. Cottonwood, there's another 3 or 4 million dollar deal. But as I say, this other thing should have, recycling the water should start, then all we've got to have is--- ?--- East of Denver, [in the] 1930 days [in the] east of Colorado there was no water anywhere. There was not water anywhere, the river had run dry, the lakes, great dry country, 1935. The only rains we ever had in Denver brought mud. Dust in the air and the rains are coming. There was dust all over the buildings downtown. Now, it looks like the land of 1akes down there. It 1ooks 1ike Minnesota. I just43
 W ARREN R . DECKdrove through there and drove out through Milan and drove back through sterling there and went out---?-- -. Lakes everywhere.SS: ---?---?WD: No, wel1 there's¥I ---?---we' re allthrough now. We've got a couple of balking land-owners that don't want to give up their land, but I think that theywill get around to it in the next few months. Everything's been done to start construction, they've even got the assistant's funding from the state recreation fund, financed by federal funds out of San Francisco some way. ---?--- is the head of that division for the State of Utah. The plans are all drawn for that. In fact, in order to get our levees in, we were going to go out and start some of them with a spade, just to get construction started. I'm sure we'll get the---?--- someway from Monticello. We've already developed Mexican Hat, and I'm sure this---?--- will be cheaper. Six years here, we've had all these development reports and all that kind of stuff and never got anything underway. Right now there's no problem in the Board. We've got, with the funds we were able to get, we're in a position to spend around $200,000 next year. So that's a lot of work, but it's the ---?--- a lot of these other44
 W ARREN R . DECKthings, multi-million dollar deal. ----?--- time to get funds from the upper Colorado river income. It's a very complicated money allocation, actually the Bureau of Reclamation has designated the expenditure ---?--- of the year, in 19, or 2003, 50 years. There's a way---?--- other funds. We were trying to get a Utah---?---. We'd have to go to Congress to get those sort of things. Frankly, I 'd rather see this other thing happen, sweat it out with all that rot and be insecure about it. Nature will take care of that.Is San Juan County politically consolidated enough to have a thrust in one direction in this area?WD: Well, as I understand, the early days of the conservatory board, we won't do anything today---?-- -. Everything that has come up, that whole thing has been absolutely disregarded. Everybody---?---. What we're capable of doing we vote for. We haven't had one vote that hasn't been unanimous. Every vote that's been taken since I've been on it and since Ihave been chairman, I've seen nearly 100% attendance. It wasn't just barely getting it for them, we've had very few miss attending and we've had every vote taken unanimous, every vote---?--- since I've been on there has been unanimous. ---?--- and these peopleSS:45
 WARREN R . DECKare paid to come---?---. I think the thing that has brought the united front here, more than anything was this attitude of putting culinary water first. That was pointed out and brought up mostly by Ken McDonald, who was the mayor of---?--- He was the one who started talking like that. The very first thing we went after was water in Mexican Hat and the next thing was water in Monticello. So, Blanding didn't have anything to do with it and he was the one who brought up the idea of having---?---, as sort of a constitutional plan for our operation. So we do have a good united front in the board and when you get outside. Well, I'll tell you, when you get something about the recycling of water and this sort of thing, that just covers the whole doggone county, there's just no segregation there at all. There's no north or south or east or west, there's just the whole works. The amount of people that begin to study it--we got to talking about it and I tell you, he's- --?--- I can remember during World War II, Denver,we had Dr. ---?---, who was a bombing major, and they used to go out and have these practice runs on bombing in the afternoon class, and they'd get to talking to each other and the commander of the plane would say, "Well, do you boys want to dress for46
 W ARREN R . DECKdinner or don't you?" If they didn't want to dress for dinner, why, he'd do something to extend the flight time for 30 minutes and then the evening lanes would come in and then the tower would have to keep them up for another 30 or 40 minutes and---?--- were over with and then they'd come down and it'd be too late to dress for dinner. Now, I mean it happened every afternoon, if there was going to be a lane there was going to be a---?--- about such and such a time and delay the flight and they won't have to dress for dinner. Of course, I always dressed for dinner. I can remember when we got delayed at---?---last week and I had to be at the north side of the street at one time and the south side at another and believe me, we were dry. Now in the great big city, everybody's out on their lawns and the golf course and everything else. It didn't make any difference if they run it down the sewage or run it on the lawns, it all ends up going into the air and it falls and it falls and it falls. Get too much at one time, it goes into the storage plant. Then it irrigates those lands either directly or indirectly through the storage plant. There just wasn't the water out in that area in 1930. Those rivers ran dry and they'd flood in the spring and they were dry in the summer. I saw it with47
 W ARREN R . DECKmy own eyes and I saw Phoenix. I've been in and out of Phoenix since 1938. I just wonder how much water they are using now compared with 1938. It must be quite a number of tons. It's the recycling of the water. I can remember Phoenix along back there in the Wyatt Earp Days, the humidity. I mean you'd never see the humidity drop down to---?---. Tucson, ---?---, I can remember when Tucson was dry. We still have 1/2% humidity, it can be 125 [degrees] with 1/2% humidity and drink plenty of water. It won't bother you near as much as 90 degree temperature and 90% humidity will, it will kill you. I don't know how hot it gets here, it won't bother you if you drink plenty of water.SS: I've really noticed that. I'm from Tennessee originally and I can taste the heat out here. As long as you're not directly with the sun beating down on your head and you've got plenty to drink, you're not suffering.WD: Every day I wear a hat and even when I go to church, I've got some covering on head. As long as you get plenty of water. I think we've covered the water here pretty well. In other words, we're in a very, very interesting ---?---. My salary on the conservatoryboard as director is nothing, and the chairman gets 48
 W ARREN R . DECK$250 a year. ---?--- would take a lot of money to handle my position on the board, at this stage. Still no one goes to the committee ---?--- We do everything we can to try to get people to come. There's a leprosy among people about public works that we're going to have to get over. I know a lot of people that are very interested but they just don't-- won't come that first time, they're interested.ss:WD:Blanding, Monticello and Mexican Hat.How many people are on the board? You say there are representatives from all over?Nine. There are nine and there are eight votes. If we can't decide on something, it's over here at Hatch's Trading Post, ---?--- Clear up near Moab. Fry Canyon, that dry area, there's absolutely no possibility of there being a project out there the size of this one. This is a big county. Have you been out to North Sanpete?Y es.SS:WD:ss: At least it's on a good road. I was about in the sameSure is far away.shape here not long ago. I was over in Hanksville and I had breakfast over there and then I had interviews lined-up, a couple, three or four together. I started on Tuesday. Well, I came back into Hanksville form49
    WARREN R . DECKthe---?--- mountains, came down about 7:00 and I got back on the road to come into Blanding.WD: Oh, my goodness!SS: Well, finally---?--- and had a couple of pieces ofbread in the car. If it hadn't been for that, because by the time I got into Fry Canyon, they were closed, you know, and of course by the time I got to Blanding, they were closed.WD: That used to be a three-day trip. How far is---?--- from Blanding?SS: About 135 miles.WD: There must have been something else. It seemed to methat it was 175 miles.ss: Probably---?---. That'd be the next [town].WD: I don't know, the way that road looks.SS: Well, if you can think of anything else to say--[END OF INTERVIEW]50
 