  SAMUAL T A YLOR Moab, Utah Tape No. 26An interview by Steven Guttman July 23, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsMoab-Times Independent. 1 Uranium Boom• • • 3 Moab's Isolation. 10 Newspaper 12 Moab as a Tourist Spot. 15 Environment • 18 W ater System. 20 Police. • 23 Drug Use. 24 Teaching Positions. 26
 THIS INTERVIEW WITH SAMUEL TAYLOR WAS TAPE ON JULY 23, 1970 IN HIS OFFICE IN MOAB., UTAH. THE INTERVIEWER IS STEVE GUTTMAN. THIS IN- TERVIEW IS PART OF THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT CONDUCTED BY THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE AT FULLERTON.SG: Mr. Taylor, when did you first start working for the Moab Times- Independent?ST: Well, I grew·up with the business. It's been in the family since nearly the turn of the century. My first year of active involve- ment here was· 1950, '51--well, '52 and at that time I took over management of the newspaper for one year, between my freshman and sophomore years of college. I left the area at the end of '53 when the community really b.egan its experience of growth and was gone for three years hack at college and two years in military schools. So I didn't arrive hack until the middle of 1956, and that's when I took over active management of the newspaper and purchased it several years later. So now I've been here contin- uously s.ince 1956.SG: What kind of things did you notice changed with the paper between the times of '52 and '56?ST: Well, the newspaper itself grew tremendously. Prior to the 1950's it was, as most weekly newspapers in the West were at the time, four pages of local news and four pages of ready-prints--four
 TAYLOR PAGE 2pages of local news.. In the early '50's, we hegan getting enough local and enough local activity and advertising that we eliminated the ready--print, and we began making some growth then. But it wasn't until the:·mtddle 19.50.' s that we began expanding physically, re-equipping, and going to a spread in size.SG: Was there any comment in the connnunity ab.out doing away with the national news, the ready--·prints?ST: No, it was not really national news. It was material of a national nature: feature stories, geography, and serial--fication serials, recipes, crossword puzzles, this sort of thing. When I say nat- ional, I mean that it's news that has just as much meaning in Kansas as it has in Utah. The weeklies have never covered national news unless it had a particular impact on the local area.ST: We have congressional and state house news today only when it has some direct connection with Moab or Grant County.SG: In teams of circulation, what has been the change over in that? ST: Our circulation prior to 1950 was in the five to six hundredrange. B.y 1956, when I came, it had gone up to fifteen hundred.And since that time, it's just about douhled. It's up to nearly three thousand now. We have a considerable--the bulk of the circulation is local, but we do have a considerable mailing listsin Southers California, Texas, Louisiana, and the Eastern seaboard--
 TAYLOR PAGE 3especially the people who are financially interested in some facet of our economy--m~ning, oil products something like this. And we're b.eginning to get now large numbers of subscribers from all over the country·who are interested in this area as a vacation area. They appear to plan their two week summer vacation by reading about our prob.lems. during the winter months and reading the feature material we have on scenic attractions, you see. So we're gettinga growing circulation thanks to these categories.SG: DoeS' that cause s.pecial problems, having certain--?ST: It doesn't now·. It would have a few years ago. But we've completelyretooled and automated the plant now. We have automated---?--- for compressors that are capable of many more thousands of pub- lications than we produce here now. So we're equipped now to handle it. But this is all combined as a result of expansion thatwe went through during the middle and late 1950's.SG: You actually started modern expansion after the uranium boom hadalready started?ST: The most meaningful part of my expansion program here didn't ac-tually begin until the uranium boom was over. I didn't have the major machine here in the plant that was here in 1956. I first managed to purchase a piece of equipment in 1958, and our rotary newspaper presses didn't come in until 1964, '65. So we've done
 TAYLOR PAGE 4our greatest physical plant growth_here in the years following the uranium. There were the potash years.. These were the years thatwe were building s·teady payroll employment rather than the sporadic, you know, prosperity that we had during the uranium boom. One thing I noticed about the newspapers of the 19SO's was that they were very unpredictable. One week we might have enough news and advertising for sixteen pages, the next week we might be lucky to fill eight. It's not that way now. We can predict now almost within five toten percent what next week's paper is going to be on the basis of what it was a year ago all this time. So the settling down of comm- unity affairs and the stabilizing of the economy following the boom period is not only reflected in our newspaper, but reflected in our urban programs in the community and in our schools. You see, during the uranium boom we found our schools on double sessions a great deal of the time. And we were strapped as far as trying to provide them with facilities. We began building school about 1954 or '55.We didn't build our latest big school, our million dollar high school until after 1960. And our most recent million dollar expansion pro- gram in schools was in 1967. So all these community programs in- cluding the growth of community businesses seemed to take place following the hectic boom years when the economy had cooled off,melted down to a stable medium somewhere higher than it was before,
 TAYLOR PAGE 6I think. That's when we really b.egan to experience community ec- onomics here. Although there had been a lot of "mad" money around prior to that time. We b.egan having steady paychecks for the twoto three hundred mill workers, the fifty or sixty truckers, andthe miners that were supplying the ore that feeds the mill. That's when that really began to have community impact. People began buying homes rather than living trailers and tents. Our first major sub.division went in in 1954, '55, and the second on in '56 and '57.We've had sub.divisions built regularly ever since then ever whentime have been bad. We're experiencing something of a recession now, not only in the community, but in the nation. And yet we have prob.ably twenty homes under construction right here. It's the re- action which has come right after a hectic period.SG: Do you think the town would have been as great if the uranium mines had b.een located in Grand County, instead of San Juan?ST: It would have been much more easy to provide public facilitiessuch as schools because even when we had the peak employment ofthe miners when the mill was built, we were on double sessions inour schools. Our ass.essed evaluation in the county hadn't increas- ed appreciably. In the beginning of the uranium b.oom, GrandCounty's assessed evaluation was probably around six million dollars.San Juan's County's assess.ed evaluation was around four million
 T A YLOR P AGE 7dollars. Yet by 1960-, Grand County's assessed evaluation had gone up to about ten million dollars,, but San Juan's had gone up to two hundred million dollars. Now a lot of that was temporary production and tax payers, and they've b.een facing drastic losses in evaluation ever since then. But they're still three or four times higher than ours, you see. So when you're talking about schools, for example, one mill with a twelve million dollar assessed evaluation willbring in twelve thousand dollars. You're limited on how many mills you can lay by state law. So.::when you are against your bond to b.egin with, why, that's all the schools you can build. And so we've had to wait until one thing can pay itself down so we can go into another, and so it's been a gradual fifteen year process of catch- ing up. This last year we had the first enrollment drop lower than the previous years than we've had for fifteen years. But we are getting caught up. I noticed the people who were here in the 'SO'sare now back in 1970 for visits or some other reason, are saying, "Gee, the town has cleaned up a lot. It looks a lot better than it did ten years ago. Well, it does. These things take time. It took three years of cogitating before we finally dug holes in ours.idewalks down on Main Street and planted trees. It's going to take five years for those trees to grow up to show up much. It took six years to get thirteen blocks of the older residential
 T A YLOR P A G E 8part of town curbed with gutter and curbed with street paving. We have twenty some odd hlocks left now· that we have to do, and thecity is beginning to get involved in a program now after two or three years of planning this work on the remaining twenty-two or twenty- three blocks. That's going to make a big difference on the physical appearance of the community. In our school system, we've been so intent on the idea of providing classroom space that a lot of the other things that should have come along with classroom space inan ordinary expansion program have been bypassed. We have bypassed landscaping, we don't have an auditorium in our high school, we don't have an outward vocational plan, vocational educational plan. Al- though we have over two thousand students in the district, our biggest auditorium will only seat three hundred people. And itwas only rebuilt so that it's usable two years ago. So now that we have everything for basic classroom space provided for and a fairly stable enrollment, it's not time for the school people's part to sit down and look at a lenghthy list of small items that have to be done to make a well balanced educational plan for the first time since the uranium b.oom. We''.re at the point where we do have enough capital and money coming in from year to year tobegin catching up on these things.SG: As a weekly newspaper man, do you become involved in civic affairs
 T A YLORP AGE 9a lot more, say, than someone located in b~gger cities? ST: Yes, I don't think there's. any question. Anyone who is body involved in a community this size has to take partreally any-in more than just his single occupation. It's almost an obligation in a small town to get these jobs done. We can't afford to hire a full timeplanning corrnnission. We can't afford to hire a whole staff of ex- perts on school standing. We can't afford to hire economic pro- moters, industrial promoters. These things all have to be done ona volunteer basis by the people who are here, including the mayor, city council, and so forth. I've been here for fourteen years now.I spent seven of those years as a member of the state senate. I'm just starting my first year now as a member of the Moab school board simply because I felt someone, you know, should get involved. I'vebeen president of the chamber of commerce here, and I've served for five years on the city planning commission. You have to be involved in a lot of these things if you want to jobs to be done in a small community. And I think that's one of the joys of living in a small community, too.SG: You really see the labor of your work---?---ST: Yes, you can. You can see it, though it doesn't let you go homefor very many lunches. You get awfully tired of luncheon meetings, breakfast meetings, and union meetings. But, it's satisfying work
 TAYLORPAGE 10because it gives you an opportunity to be deeply involved with something aside from your b.as.ic occupation,wfr±ch is interesting. You can see the results. of your efforts if you apply yourself.SG: Is the isolation of Moab. a factor? -:::there always is a limited numb.er of ways of transportation. Has this caused any problems for you in the newspaper or the city?ST: Well, it's kind of a continual problem for suppliers that we depend on. I haven't b.een able to get a linotype machinist to my plant since 1957. As a result, we've had to b.ecome machinists ourselves. Our nearest supply point for parts is San Francisco on linotype machines. On the press, it's Chicago. Fortunately, we have their conunercial airline service, and I have flown to San Francisco in the morning with the linotype parts, and have them in my officethe next day. So we're fortunate in that respect. Our paper supply situation is good. We get overnight and delivery service from Salt Lake. Isolation, although it has its drawbacks alsohas its advantages from the standpoint of a well rounded community. Since we can't run to the symphony concerts on Wednesday night in Salt Lake, we have to b.ring the symphony to Moab. Since we can'thave our people involved in evening classes at the University of Utah, we have to operate community education program here where our people can get college credit, resident college credit in Moab
 TAYLOR PAGE 11with classes taught by professors who fly down two and three nights a week all the way from Salt Lake to teach college courses. We have had up to two hundred people this last year involved in res- idence college work here. Courses all the way from art for the elementary school teacher to geology for graduate students. And so our isolation, you see, makes us provide these things in a connn~ unity the size of Moah that you can't find in a lot of larger. comm- unities that are merely sattelite communities to a much larger met- ropolitan center. We have to provide some sort of a metropolitan aura of our own here because we're not close enough to a major city have that city bleed off that interest to our community. I feel this is an advantage. I wouldn't want to be any closer to a city than we are.SG: How about entertainment for the kids? I've noticed that at nightyou see large numbers just going up and down the street. Doesn't seem like there is too much for them to do. Are .there any recreation facilities?ST: Well, when I am in Salt Lake, I see large numbers driving up and down State Street in their automobiles, too, stopping at drive-ins, milling around at street corners. There's an awful lot todo here, probably never enough. We have our sunnner activities pro-
 TAYLOR PAGE 12grams here that are very well accepted and in heavy use. Recreation- al programs, baseball leagues, and so forth take a large number of kids. And our kids have an additional opportunity here that they don't have in Salt Lake or any other metropolitan area in that they have the opportunity to involve themselves in the environmental situation. In minutes, by foot, or by trail, or by bicycle thereis an experience that a lot of metropolitan people pay a lot of money for to spend a two week period in the summer. One of my fondest memories growing up was the memory of being able to, even in the middle of winter, grab my sleeping bag, ---?·---, ---?---, and a sackful of bacon and eggs, and go up in the hills for a couple of days or a week. Well, my children are now big enough and are beginning this sort of thing and enjoying it. B.ut I don't think there is any amount of planned activity that a community can provide that will answer a total need. I think if you had a teen center on every corner, a baseball field on every vacant lot, theaters up and down the street, church activities for those who are so inclined, you would still have kids driving up and down the street in cars and roaming the street corners. That's simply thenature of the animal.SG: B.ack to the newspaper. In terms of your workforce, has this goneup too or has that been more--?
 TAYLOR PAGE 13ST: It's gone up. There's no question about it. I can rem.em.her not too far hack when it was a one man operation. We have six full time employees now. We have a problem getting trained mechanical people for newspaper trades in a community that's this isolated from a city. Most of our people are people who have come from training. They either started here and learned the trade here, or they lived in another small town close to us and moved here.We've answered a lot of those problems through automation. Our presses are automated now, the casting facilities are automated. We've purchased machines to replace people simply because we couldn't find trained people to do the job, or couldn't afford to train people for the job.SG: So in other words, if you had been closer or had more access to a large city, you probably wouldn't have used machines as much. Is that what you mean?ST: That's true. If we were closer to a vast labor market, there would have been a tendency to hold off on retooling for a longer period of time than we did because our circulation has tripled since before the b.oom, quadrupled. Physical worth of the plant-- net wo.rth of the plant is probably four times what it was before the boom. The amount of floor space we're using is three timeswhat it was before the boom. Our circulation is much bigger and
 TAYLOR PAGE 14yet we have not much more than doub.led the numb.er of people we hadb.efore, and we've been alHe to do that by automation.SG: Besides the news.paper, are there other business activities that goout of these offices?ST: We have a public connnercial printing plant, too. It's about thirtyor forty percent of our b.usiness operation. It's a wide spectrum of printing needs., bus.iness forms, stationary supplies, brochures, things of this nature. So we have a big commercial printing plant. Also we operate a blueprint office supply store that's not in this building, but it's part of this business---?--- engineering and blueprinting supplies., office supplies are strange bedfellows for the supplies needed b.y the artists. We have a number of people who do oil painting and watercolor work, and we carry about as detailed a line of art supplies as any arts.hop in metropolitan cities do.SG: Is this business in the same upturn as the newspaper?ST: Yes, it's grown tremendously. We noticed differences in the com- plexion of work we do. There was a period of time when the basicportion of our commercial work was business forms for the mining industry. That's a very minor part of our business now. If we did business cards for someone involved in meeting tourists once a year, that was a unique thing. But now an awful lot of oppor- tunity to do work for those involved in tourist organized busi-
 T A YLORPAGE 15ness--b.rochures for tour guides, motels, things of this. nature. SG: Do you feel that the future of Moab · i .s in the touris.t husiness? ST: Oh, I would hope that it's a substantial part of our future, butnot the bulk of our future. I_f you want to talk about the tourist industry, first of all you're talking about a seasonally oriented thing that's not good for a community. You have about seven, eight months here at b.est when we have a good hot travel industry. There we have two or three lean months before they come back, and this is not good. The second thing you have to face when you go to a tourist economy is that your standard of living--per capita s:tandard of living drops. Although you may have the same numberof people employed, you don't pay as much per hour for a chamber maid as you do for a flotation mill operator. You don't pay thesame even for someone to drive a jeep as a tour guide as for some- one to drive a twenty ton ore truck or mine the mill. So I would hope that tourism would become a healthy part of our future and economy here, but not the dog in front of the tail. We've gotto maintain the industrial base we have developed over the past two decades if we're going to maintain and continue to live at an average income rate that we seem to have grown accustomed to.SG: What kind of success have you had in getting business to come into this area? Has it just been the mining companies, or--?
 TAYLORP AGE 1 6&T: Up to this point, it has been basically involved in the development of some natural res.ources that we have around here. The development of those industries., however, has provided us with some toos we need- ed to attract other types of industry. The uranium industry can give us a network of roads. The prospectors roads of twenty years ago have now b.ecome the roads that are the basic network of roads forour city parks and jeep tours. The potash industry brought ushopped up high voltage electrical power and a railroad, which we didn't have before. So now these things which came as a result of the basic resource industry are giving us an opportunity, along with the availability of water and land which we've always had, or pro- viding a well balanced promotional picture of other types of in- dus,tries. This year, for the first time, the county has recognizeda need to spend money to actively promote this. The Grand County Economic Development Commission, of which I am a member is hired full-time to be director of mineral development, which is followingup leads all over the country for types of industries that would fit into Moab's picture here. Now we're really quite selective, andwe think we have time to be selective because we have a lot of efforts in this field that would he lost with the wrong kind of industrial growth. We're looking, first of all, for industries that will pro-vide a relatively high paycheck. So the needlecraft industries, for
 T A YLORPAGE 17example, that you have in other rural Utah towns are really not too tempting for us. We're looking for an industry with a low·volume of air pollutnats and water pollutants because if we're going to look toward the future of tourism, we can't afford to ruin any more of our environmental qualities here than we've already lost. Andwe've lost some already. We think we have time to be selective-- choosy because we still have a very healthy uranium industry. We still have--well, we have a new life in the potash industry with a switch over to solution mining. We have a pretty good tourist in- dustry going. These things will keep us going until such time aswe can build on that economic base. Our hope is that we can in-volve some small concerns in electronics, manufacturing, and people that might be able to product low weight, low volume things thatcan b.e air transported more easily from here so that our isolated situation won't work to our disadvantage. I think that for us tokeep the irons in the fire by following up leads, that over a period of a few years, we're going to be able to diversify our economicb.ase. I'm very confident of this because we have a lot of natural things that are attractive to people: the good air, the good climate, the warm winters, all things that are involved in small areas, likehunting, fishing, b..oating, skiing. We have the whole bit right here. And it's within minutes from Moab. So I think that we're going to
 TAYLOR PA~E 18make it. I'm very optimis·tic ab.out it.SG: You mentioned the hazardous loss of environmental quality. Couldyou expound on this a little more?ST: Well, we take it from its various facets. First of all, we've losta lot of the ecological quality of the natural land. You do anytime you build roads into it. We've lost several a considerable amount of the plant life because, historically, we've been a livestockarea. There are some advantages of grazing. Although I'd say by and large, our livestock people here have been very cognizant ofthe fact that they needed to take care of the land if the land was going to sustain the livestock. We have terrible examples of over- grazing. We've lost the environmental quality in our air to some degree because we have some small manufacturing concerns that emit air pollutants, not serious. Our own city burns its trash on the hill overlooking the valley which pumps quite a bit of soot and smoke into our air. We have a valley situation, a---?--- valley surrounded by high hills that almost invites an inversion situation in the winter time; the air gets trapped here and can't get away.So we've lost things like water. The Colorado River is no muddier than it ever was, but it is filled with more serious pollutants than mud. The salinity in the Colorado River is increasing everyyear, and so the quality of the water supply from that river is
 TAYLOR PAGE 19increasing every year, and so the quality of the water supply from that river is declining. The mountain waters that we have are not as clear and clean as they used to he. But still we're at the early stage of all these things. Compared to Salt Lake, our air looks crystal:clcear.,, and compared to the Jordan River in the Salt LakeValley, the Mill Creek looks like a stream you'd build a breweryon. So we have time.SG: In terms of environment, a lot of people, a lot of conservationistshave said that Lake Powell has caused more damage than Powell isworth. Do you feel this is valid?ST: This is an argument among conservationists too. There are manyconservationists who don't feel that way. I think Lake Powell is probab.ly not as serious a threat to the environment as many people think. I don't feel that the sandstone is going to crumble and the sand is going to go out. I think the o,il sediment problems in Lake Valley are going to be critical. But when you stop the sedi-ments in Glen Canyon, you stop them from going to Lake Mead. So if you shorten the life span of Lake Powell, you prolong the life spanof Lake Mead and the ponds below that at Hoover Dam. I don't think I'd like to see any more dams build on the Colorado River system at least on the major rivers simply because I don't think we have enoughwater to fill them. I doub.t that we will ever see people in Glen
 T A YLOR P AGE 2 0Canyon or at Hoover s.imply because I don't think w.e have that muchwater in the upper Colorado River Basin.S~: So in projects like this, you think they're ---?---1ST: This might be useful. I'm no engineer, but I'd hate to see anothermajor dam go up s.imply because I think it would be half full all the time. Now there's a theory that goes beyond all of this. I think it has merit and it's something we all can think about, and that's the theory of water importation from one major river drain- age system to another. We have in the arid Southwest, tremendous acreage that could be put to use industrially or agriculturally, and I think it's conceivable that through some outright purchase program, we·:could save ourselves by buying Pacific Northwest, or Canadian, or even Alaskan w.ater to fill resevoir systems in the Southwest. Now this may sound like a wild, far-out theory now,but I think twenty years from now, it may be a very widely accept- ed theory. And people in the Columbia River Basin who guard and ---?--- for their water supplies are going to be able to say to themselves, "We're flat losing money every time an acre foot ofwater runs into the Pacific Ocean. We might as well be selling it to somebody that can use it." So this may give some validity to the idea of larger resevoirs on the Colorado River system.
 T A YLORPAGE 21SG: Well, of course, in California, they've done a good job. with. that system, but there's a lot of pres.sure going against that to stop it. :That's right.ST: SG:ST:Because that's one of these huge water deals which is going right from---?---.But I don't think it'll hes.topped, and I think it'll continue. When it's depleted, were going to have to look for more. We're going to have to go further than there in California and further north. We're going to have to go up into Oregon and Washington, in fact, mayb.e even Canada. This is something that Congresswouldn't dare tamper with ten years ago. They began whispering ab.out five years ago, and they're beginning to write sample leg- ilsation now. And within the next ten years, we're going to see some of that legis:lation pass. So, I think it's something we ought to keep in mind.SG: The fact that this area hasn't changed in moving away from beingon agricultural area, do you think this is a positive or negative--ST: Unless something happened, I don't think we could survive agri- culturally. When we speak of agriculture in southwestern Utah, we're speaking ab.out the livestock industry. The crop industryhere has never been sufficient to sustain more than a few lives.
 TAYLOR PAGE 22The livestock industry here is not any different than it is anywhere els.e in the country. The feed lot operations are feeding the public grange operations.. Eventually, the only economical way they'll grow beef is when they'll be us.ing a corral with controlled beef. And the only thing that's keeping the public grange livestock operators alive now are the low rate_,they··pay for the use of that grange. That's public domain, most of it. And as the public begins to put more demands on that ground for recreation, for lumbering, for mining,but principally for recreation use, you're going to find it more and more difficult for the public land livestock operator to remain in business. And mayhe that's as it should be. It's pub.lie domain;it belongs to the people. It should be used for its highest andbest use. And my own feeling is that that's what it should be used for. Several uses at th.e same time definitely should be the priority.SG: In terms of people that have come into Moab, do you feel they en- visioned these things. before they came into this area? I mean, were they different?ST: I think they had the same basic spirit. People who settled thisarea were people who were anxious to get away from the establishmentas it was then, anxious to build an opportunity out of a natural resource which.was dry land. I think the people that came here with the b.asic indus·try in the 1 50 's and '60 's were the same type of people.
 TAYLOR PAGE 23I rememb.er the influx of outsiders. during the '50 's and '60 •s, as the most positive thing that's· ever happened to the connnunity simply becaus.e it erased all the little prejudices that can build up b.etween groups. and left us, for example, with fourteen, fifteen churches, none of which have enjoyed a population. So religion was not a factor in Moab. particularly. It's not a factor in business life; it's not a factor in politics; it's not a factor in sociol- ogy with the youngsters growing up together. You go to your church and I go to mine, and we let it go at that. We've made demands on our newcomers becaus.e we've had jobs to fill. We've needed the people to do them. It's one of the few situations in the state ofUtah, I think, where someone can come to town, take a job, start a business, and a year later have the urge to seek public office. We've been the first to recognize that newcomers have an awful lot to offer so we have kind of an unwritten rule that once you've been here five years, you're a native.SG: The miners haven't had any trouble with any instances of---?---? ST: No, none at all here. I think it's very wholesome community situ- ation even though we have the same problems that our---?--- some-times more critical---?---.S.G: Has increased population had any affect on the role of the policein the city? Have they b.een more active or had any more jobs to
 TAYLOR PAGE 24do?ST: Well, when I grew up here, there weren't any police. We had a townmarshal that kind of kept the streets cleaned up at night, picked up drunks on the weekend. We had a county sheriff who went out after anybody that was reported as a fugitive in our area. Butwe really didn't have great need for the police. During the early'50'2. we got our firs.t Utah State Highway Patrolman in this area who covered a three county area. But he spend about as much time setting down minor Indian uprisings connected with alcohol than doing anything else. We have four or five highway patrolmen nowin Hoab alone, four or five city policemen, and two or three people on the sheriff's staff now. So they do have a more complex jobnow than they had before. I think it's in direct proportion to the population they serve. I don't think we have any more police per capita than we ever had. But on the other hand, they're probably doing a more professional job now.SG: You mentioned you had problems in recruiting workmen too. Is this a problem for a lot of the businessmen here? For example, the police officers--wouldn't there b.e a problem getting qualified people?ST: It's a prob1em getting qualified policemen :anywhere. I think there''.s prob.ably an increased prob.lem here because we don't have a resevoir of pilicemen trained. The highway patrolmen in Salt
  TAYLOR PAGE 25Lake City can draw from the working ranks of Salt Lake City Police Department hecause they offer more money and more pay b.enefits.W£ can't draw---?--- because there aren't those who want to livein a small town. So most of our policemen are basically Moab. people who have received some police training either in the military oron a metropolitan force. But they're still in a tree(?). But this isn't typical of Moab, this is typical of the entire ruralwes·tern part of the United States. The s.tate of Utah didn't embark on a formal police training program until 1967. That's when they create ---rfie State--PoTlc"eAcademy, and 11.stecl as a :requirement that anyone serving on a community police department or as a deputy sheriff, or any law enforcement officer other than an elected law enforcement officer had to receive formal training as a law enforce-ment officer or he couldn't keep his job. As a result of that, everyone now who is in law enforcement works in Moab, with ithe exception of the county sheriff, has had formal police training at the police academy. The sheriff is an elected officer, and hemaintains that because he doesn't need to. Probably he's got some merit there. Our police chief is a local boy who has been in law enforcement work a very long time. He took the job about eight months ago and one of the first things he did was to go to a six week police academy course to find out where he was going. He's
 TAYLOR PAGE 26He's b.een hack frequently· for three to five day refresher courses on s.ome specific s.uo.jects like drug use, or interrogation, or police problems. that come ab.out as the result of a Supreme Court decision.SG: Use in drugs, I noticed your---?--- Is this a problem in your area now?S.T: Yes, a very critical problem. It's exactly the same problem they're having all over the United States with the availab.ility of drugs, it's widespread use and experimentation with drugs, and so forth. But we're more concerned about it here in making results, I think, because of a survey that was taken a year ago. This was voluntary survey conducted through the schools by the Governor's Cormnittee on Drug Abuse. It asked students to fill out a form stating whether they had experimented with certain drugs. They were to be frank, honest, and open, and then not sign their name so there was no identification involved. And the results of this survey when itwas released several months later showed that we probably had a higher percentage of experimentation among our youth than any other city in the state. So we're concerned about it. We're concerned ab.out it from another standpoint. It seems that our conununity en- virornnent which has been so kind to us and has sustained our lives is also an ideal environment to grow marijuana. And so we've found
 T A YLOR P AGE 2 7numerous fields of marijuana, patches of marijuana discovered and destroyed here, and we're finding more every day. So we're con- cerned, but I think that we're beginning to cope with it and deal with it effectively. And the way we're coping with it is the way that we cope with it everywhere. In our state governments and federal government, we determine what the rules are going to be in dealing with drug abuse and then we're going to get answers on how to deal with it. Do we legalize marijuana? Do we make the possess- ion of marijuana a misdemeanor or a felony, or what do we do? We can't determine which route to go here until the states and federal governments determine which routes they're going to go. So all we can do is be as concerned as possible about it and make sure ourlaw enforcement people are well trained in respect to drug abuseand try and be consistant.SG: Is the problem just marijuana, or amphetamines, or the other?ST: It's mainly marijuana, but there are hard drugs too. The percent-age of use of hard drugs is low, it's no higher than any other percentage rate anywhere else. But the hard drugs are here. There's no problem in obtaining LSD at all, amphetamines are also avail- able, and there have been some others like heroine.SG: You mentioned the number was a little bit higher than other parts of the state. What reasons do you think determines this?
 TAYLORPAGE 28ST: Well, I think we're closer than many of the Utah areas to the major supply point of marijuana from Mexico,., We're on more of the major highway routes between Mexico and the metropolitan areas in the mountains, like Salt Lake and Denver. So I think there has beena considerab.le amount of traffic in marijuana through this area. It's live, open country, and there are a lot of empty miles be- tween check points, and I think the rate of transporting marijuana through here is probably greater than the rate of stolen cars that go through here. Our highway patrol here has the highest pickup rate on stolen cars, highest recovery rate per man on the force than any other law enforcement unit in the United States simplyb.ecause people transporting stolen cars from Denver or Chicago to the West Coast find it very convenient to go through these desertmiles in central Utah to get there. They have a lot of towns to go through with a lot of law enforcement people looking for phoney license plates and phoney registrations. So this, I think, is aprohlem that also lands itself to traffic in marijuana.S.G: To go back to the workers, have the schools had any problems gettingteachers or administrators?S.T: This is the first time in twenty years that we haven't had one hardtime all summer long trying to get enough replacement teachers to fill our holes for the fall. Again, this is a prticularly difficult
 T A YLOR P AGE 29problem. Our problem is compounded because of our isolation, but the teachers---?--- problem in the state of Utah---?--- Most of it's been tied directly to money. When I entered the legislaturein 1962, we were paying teachers in Moab $3800 a year to start--a teacher with a bachelor's degree. We're now paying them $6100to start. Now this is a lot of progress in salaries in seven or eight years time. It's still not quite adequate, but at least we're approaching the position of adequacy and competitiveness. There was a time when we though there was no point in even trying to competewith California for teachers because we're not in their ballgame. We're getting to the point now where we are in their ballgame. Our starting salaries may still be fifteen hundred to two thousand dollars away from the starting salaries in Orange County, for example, but we're in their ballgame because it costs us less money to live inMoab than it does in Orange County. We don't have the cost of comm- uting problems that they have. Our food prices are lower than theirs are, and we have a lot of other fringe benefits. For example, theremight be recreational opportunities, environmental opportunitiesthat don't exist on the West Coast. So we're beginning to compete now, but we're only competing to the extent that we are able to hold the Utah trained teachers in Utah. We've coughed out thousands and thousands of people with teachers degrees from the four colleges
 TAYLOR PAGE 30involved in this program, or five colleges over the past twenty years. And we've only been able to hold a small percentage of those in Utah. We're beginning to hold a lot more of the people. It's also a little easier in Utah to hold Utah people because of the influence of the Mormon Church. People who are LDS like to stay in Utah if they can make an adequate living, and this is an advantage. It's a shame to lose good people to another state.SG: Is the salary now in Moab competitive now with most of the small- er cities in the state?ST: Uh huh. We're ab.out in the middle of the list, somehwere in there. We were the first district in the state to settle negotiations with teachers this year. We settled for a 6 1/2% increase, 3 1/2% was just an outright increase in salary. Three percent was the normal step increase they would have gotten for longevity, but a total of about 6 1/2%. There are some districts that are settling for more percent money that we settled for, but most of those districtspaid less to begin with. So as far as changing things in salary, we're about where we were before. Out of forty school districts, we're fourteenth from the top in salaries. And we have to remain a little above average because of our isolation. We've got to pay a little bit more to get a single kid to come to Moab to teach school. But it hasn't been that difficult for us to maintain a
 TAYLOR PAGE 31competitive position.SG: Are salaries of other ,public agencies about the same? Are you aboutin the middle, oroo ?ST: I think so. Of course, the bulk of our drug and mental type work-ers are not school people. They are federal employees, and they are covered by civil service pay scales. And when you talk about secretarial positions in the county government or in the school govermnent, or the city government, you're talking about---?--- situation. It's almost as easy to go take a civil service exam and work as a file clerk for the national park service as it isto become water records clerk at the city office. So if the cities are going to employ people, they're going to have to have to bein the park service employ ·---?---. So I think that our other salaries here are competitve, our public salaries, with state and federal salary schedules.SG: Are there any other problems or comments that you would like to make about either the newspaper or something about the city?ST: No, I think we've just about covered it.SG: We've covered a range of topics here. Well, thank you very muchthen.