  E. R. CARTER Moab, Utah Tape No. 33An interview by Steve Guttman July 22, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
   
 Table of ContentsBackground of Post Office . . Effect of the Uranium Boom. New Mail Routes . .Service During the Boom. Problems with the Post Office. Tourism.Effect of Large Companies138 14 15 . 20 ¥ 2 1
    
 T H I S I S AN INTER VIEW WITH MR. E . R. CARTER, POSTMASTER IN MOAB, FOR THE COLORADO PLA TEAU URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT . WE ARE IN HIS OFFICE AND THE DATE IS JULY 22, 1970. THE INTERVIEWER I S STEVEN GUTTMAN.SG: Mr. Carter, when did you become Moab's postmaster?EC: In May of 1952. The post office was located then in the old Sherry Lynn Shop, which is just across the street from us now. The postal receipts at that time were between seven and eight thousand dollars a year, which set the rate for the Moab Post Office as a second class office. We were having a very hard time at that time to stay a second class office because we had to maintain receipts in excess of $8,000. The first year I was in, we dropped a little bit below $8,000, and it was a questionwhether or not we were to remain second class. But, as Isay, this was in the early part of 1952 in May.SG: Had you worked at a post office before?EC: No, I had been with the telephone company after beingdischarged from the Navy in 1945, or for about a period of seven years with the local Midland Telephone Company at that time.SG: Were you born in Moab?EC: I'm not a native of Moab. However, I've been around heresince 1922, so I consider myself more or less a native of Moab. I attended high school at Grand Junction, Colorado, which is just about 120 miles from here. After I got out of the service, I had married a girl from here, so we came here to make a home.
  E . R. CARTER 111SG: When did the problems with the second class finally end? EC: Well, after Charles Steen made his fabulous uraniumour receipts immediately began to climb. I think it was in 1953 they possibly reached about twenty-one thousand, which was more than ample for us to remain a second class. Then I think inabout 1954 our receipts totalled forty some thousand, which resulted in us becoming a first class office. This was determined by our receipts. Post office receipts determine the class you're in.SG: So in one year's time you jumped two classes.EC :We11 , we jum ed from á_U_S_t_ a-1i--t-t-l...e-0-V-e-r- s-e-v--e-n-t-h-ou--s-a:nd-t-o over one hundred thousand in less than ten years, all directly as a result of the uranium business in this area. Of course, we had the mill being built here, and a lot of people came in here to stake claims and search for uranium along with the mining that was going on and the milling that was here. But some of the other industries began to drop off; our farming, our agriculture, and ranching have dropped down some. Then the tourism beganstrike in the Mi Vida mine,to play a part in the economy of the county.SG: What problems were created by moving from a second classto a first class office?EC: Well, our greatest problem was the space required toserve the people from. We only had a very small office 2
 E. R. CARTER #1with less than fifteen hundred square feet of floorspace, from which to serve around three to five thousand people. Help became quite a problem because, as you know, the post office department requires that they take and pass a civil service test before they are eligible for employment. The salaries were quite low at that time, and the other industries of the area were paying a great deal more in salaries that we could pay. So a lot of mornings we didn't know if we were going to start the day with the same bunch that we finished the day before with. I know one year we had a turnover of eighteen employees in the office. It takes several months or even years to train a person to really do a job in the post office. But we were doing business from this small building up until '55. The government was very quick to recognize the needs and to determine that we needed a great deal more space, so they immediately contracted for us to have a new building which was built on South Main. We operated in that office for about twelve or fourteen years before we moved to our present location here on First North.SG: What was the size of your work force before the uranium boom began?EC: We had myself, one full-time clerk, and one part-time clerk.SG: And then after the boom began?3
 E . R . CARTER 111EC: Well, we've had as many as twelve employees, which wehave right now. We've maintained a complement of twelve for the last ten years. We went to city delivery in about 1956, and that necessitated hiring a couple more carriers to deliver mail. So till about 1956 we had about eight or ten employees, and since then we've had about twelve most of the time.SG: Up to that point people had to come to the post office? EC: Yes. The box situation was quite a problem until we moved down on South Main, and at that time we were able to come up with enough boxes to serve most of the patrons whowanted boxes. But when we first felt this boom in '52, '53, we had several people waiting for boxes, but we weren't able to provide them until we moved to new quarters. Most of the people got their mail through the general delivery window, which itself created a lot of problem because the lobby was so small we couldn't hardlyget them all in there at times to get the mail in.SG: You say it was 1955 when the contract went out for thenew building. What was the procedure on that?EC: Well, first we had to determine if there were any federally owned buildings that could be utilized for the post office. It was determined that there were none and there would not be any. So we advertised for the amount of square feet of floor space that we needed, and we were4
 E. R. CARTER #1quite successful i n i mmediat ely getti ng a big from Fred Stoy, a prominent businessman in Moab who had moved here from Reno, Nevada, I believe it was. He built this two- story building and leased back to the post offi ce a bout half of the lower floor. It was ready, oh, three or four months after he began. We moved in in June of '55. I don't recall exactly the date. This last time, why, the same procedure was followed. We advertised it and took an option on this piece of ground. We advertised for a builder to build a building and to exercise the option to purchase and build on this piece of ground. This is a leased building here.SG: Is the floor space larger here than the other?EC: Almost twice.SG: So you had outgrown the other place too?EC: Yes. The old floor space was 2,988 square feet. I believethis building is 5,177. Already we feel we don't have too much space here. When you get in these buildings, they give you new boxes and a lot of new equipment. You just naturally use more space if you have it.SG: That's right. Before the uranium boom, there weren't any large outside companies, were there?EC: No. There was always a few people searching for oil and some other mining deals. We had some vanadium mines in this area and over at Rifle, Colorado, which is about5
 E. R. CARTER 111sixty-five miles on up the Colorado River from Grand Junction, was a large vanadium mill, and this county shipped a great deal of vanadium ore to Rifle to be milled there. But like I say, ranching and farming and this sort of thing was more or less the economy of this county and, well, this part of the state, both San Juan County and Grand County. But there had been some oil development as early as in 1924, '25, and '26. Some oil had been discovered down the river from Moab, what they called the "Big Six" properties, MGM Company and Big Flat area. They had discovered some oil, but they were never really able to put it into production, those fields in there. But they always had somebody working on the idea that oil was there. It had been discovered, and they knewit was there, but they just couldn't seem to product it. SG: A lot of large companies came in then, didn't they? Didthey cause special problems?EC: No, no, I don't think we ever faced any problems. Thecity of the county didn't have their school problems or their water problems or the housing problems. This was all created, I think, after Charlie Steen made his strike in the uranium. People caused the boom in this area.SG: In terms of these large companies coming in after the uranium boom started, did they make separate demands on the post office that you didn't have before?6
 E . R . CARTER 111EC: No, no, I don't think they made too many separatedemands. They had other problems such as the telephone company which couldn't handle all of the calls. People couldn't get proper housing, and for those people that had families here, the overcrowded schools were a problem. They were on two sessions of school. The city had problem of providing water and sewer to all these additional families, and our problems weren't any greater than any of the other local problems. We felt that they overcame them as rapidly as they could, as any organization or community could.SG: Yeah, due to the suddenness of it.EC: Yeah. The city acquired additional water out here for thegolf course, and the community put in storage tanks. The school district built additional schools, and they're still building schools. The city put in a big sewage disposal plant. The telephone company immediately extended all of their facilities and enlarged. And like I say, the post office immediately advertised and got a new building and provided all the boxes that were asked for. They put city delivery service in here when actually the city didn't meet all of the standards of the postal regulations as to surfaced streets and sidewalks. The houses weren't numbered, and the streets weren't numberedor lettered or named. This all came afterwards. 7
 E . R. CARTER #1SG: Did you get special consideration from the post officebecause of the suddenness of the boom?EC: Well, I don't know whether it was special, but I feelthat they acted as hastily as they could, as fast as they could because all of the wheels of the government are turned slowly. I feel that this was brought about as fast as it could be done.SG: You mentioned that you had to waive certain requirements when you put in the carrier service. Was there any other regulations that they waived?EC: Well, postal regulations have certain criteria which normally they expect a city to meet before they become eligible for city carrier service or city delivery of any type, see. A lot of this was waived because the need was here even though the other things didn't meet the standards. The need was so much greater, they went aheadwith it. They sent a man in here from Denver to set it up, and we began with just one carrier. Now we have to full-time and one part-time carrier.SG: Do you remember the date that the city service started, approximately?EC: Well, it was in '56. I'm quite sure.SG: Wasn't too long at all.EC: No, it was just immediately after we got into the newbuilding that they sent Mr. McDonald in here and set up 8
 E. R. CARTER #1the city deli very, which r el ieved the congestion in office. The mail actually was hand l ed f as t e r by being able to move it out of the office.SG: Have the road conditions in the area, especially to some of these outer mines, caused any problems for you?EC: The only mining area that we serve is in the La Sal area, and most of those roads are gravel roads, which are suitable for all-weather traffic. These are the only ones that we have to worry about. We have one carrier in that area who is a contract carrier; this carrier also carrier the mail to the La Sal, Utah post office. She serves all of the mines in that Big Indian and Lisbon Valley area that receive their mail through this office. That mail still comes addressed to Moab and is distributed to what we call the La Sal route for delivery in the mine area. But they get daily service to all of those areas. The mail that comes back in here and is dispatched the same day. So they're getting the same type of service as to dispatch and receipt as the patrons of the office who come to the window and call for their mail here at the office.SG: So the outlying areas are getting just as good service then as those that live right in town.EC: Right. The only area that we have limited delivery is up the river in the Castle Valley area. Those patrons only9the
 E. R. CARTER fl1receive their mail, delivered to them, once a week, and this is on a Wednesday afternoon. However, most of those patrons have boxes at this office, and they're in town maybe once a day or two or three times a week, and they can get their mail. But they still have their choice of having it delivered to them on Wednesday afternoon up the river. I think there's nine patrons on this route up the river now that we serve weekly.SG: On the La Sal daily route, when did that start being daily? Was it all along throughout the uranium period?EC: No, it didn't startá until probably about '58. The river route was established long before this, though. And in fact, the river route, what we call the river route, was established first from the Cisco, Utah post office. Cisco is another small town over here near the Colorado line, but it's still within Grand County. Grand County runs clear to the Utah line on the east of us here. The first route that they served patrons on this river run was fromCisco. Then it was determined that the mail could be handled more feasibly from the Moab post office. So I think it was in 1950, probably, that they began serving the river area or the Castle Valley area from the Moab post office. Then the La Sal post office was added, and the two routes were combined together. Normally La Sal received their mail through a drop box at La Sal junction10
 E .R .CARTER /11by a truck, and they had to come down there and get their mail. But it was determined when Moab grew that we could serve La Sal from Moab along with the river route, so all that was brought in here along in '58 or '59. They combined the two routes toget her .So prior to 1958 you didn't have anything to do with La Sal?No, they got their mail from Monticello actually. All the mail was channelled to Monticello. Monticello worked the La Sal mail.Where's the central depository for this area?Our sectional center?That's what I mean?It's at Price, Utah, which is 120 miles to the north of us here. They work all of the mail. They're an all-night office, and they work mail all night long. We receive ourmail from Price about six o'clock each morning, which is in ample time to be delivered to all of the boxes and to the routes by eight o'clock in the morning.SG:EC:SG: EC: SG: EC:SG: So Price then is responsible for bringing it down from Blanding and other cities around?EC: Yes. Price serves all of this area by truck. Price is not a lot larger, but it is more centrally located in the state and has more access to more mail that could be handled and worked. We have overnight service to11
 E. R. CARTER #1practically all of the cities and towns in Utah. Anything mailed here in the evening is going to be delivered the next morning to any town in Utah.SG: So, you're not that isolated any more?EC: No, we don't feel we're isolated at all in Moab. We arealso dispatching airmail out of here three times a day toFrontier Air, which is real good service.SG: When did Frontier Air start?EC: That's when we moved out there. I think that was in '55too.SG: That started during the uranium boom.EC: Yup. The post office was very cooperative back when theseproblems first began to arise in making sure that the very best mail service was available to the area; they established airmail and city carriers. At that time all of the mail was more or less moved by trains, you know. A lot of the mail came from Thompson on the train and was sent on in here by truck. But just a few years after '52, these contracts were let to truck companies. Wycoff has had ours. The train companies wanted to move this mail, so we were able to do it at night and have it available for delivery the next morning when we started putting it on the trucks. We found this very advantageous and costs were immediately reduced. I know that the mail car on the train that runs between Salt Lake and Denver costs the12
 E .R .CARTER 111post office department $140,000 a year, and we still had to put post office help on there to work the mail. Well, when we started moving it by truck, it cut out $100,000 of the costs in one year, so these savings could be appropriated to something more feasible like air service, truck service, carriers, and all these things we set up here to improve the mail service, so that the best service available could be provided for this area.SG: Do you remember when the train service was ended?EC: It was in the sixties before they pulled the last mail cars off of the trains number seven and eight betweenDenver and Grand Junction and Salt Lake.SG: So it was a combination of trucks and trains for a while. EC: Yeah, because it practically took an act of Congress totake mail off of the trains because they had them so long. It was rough to discontinue any type of service. I don't know. It was probably as late as '65 before the last mail was taken off the trains. Of course the trains still move some mail now in areas where it's feasible like for short hauls. We were looking for speed and keeping the costs down, too. We found Wycoff very efficient, very conscientious in hauling the mail. They operate in just Utah, I believe. Well, they probably gointo Wyoming, but it is a Utah company, Wycoff is.SG: You mentioned before that you had one contract going out13
 E. R. CARTER #1to La Sal. Are there any other carriers that do this on the contract basis?EC: There was the Thompson-Durango star route service, but he just picked the mail up from the trains at Thompson, dropped our mail off here, then the mail for Monticello, Dove Creek, Cortez, and ended his run at Durango. Then in the evening he would turn around and come back and drop off mail pouches at those places and be at Thompson in time to meet the train when it came in early in themorning.SG: What years was this?EC: Well, this was the procedure that was being followed whenI entered the postal service in '52. They gradually got away from it. I don't recall when they pulled that run off. Now we have a truck that runs from Grand Junction to Price. We still have a truck coming up from Durango. It rendezvoused with one at Crescent Junction out here to pick our mail up, but that truck comes through from Grand Junction or Salt Lake or Price. They don't have to meet those trains. They have a real close schedule to follow.SG: You mentioned that you are able to deliver mail inside Utah within twenty-four hours. Back in the uranium boom, what was the service like? Do you remember?EC: Well, when it went one the train, it was, it took two days for mail to reach Salt Lake. This was because most14
 E¥ R¥ CARTER 411of the mail was delivered in Salt Lake at this time by carriers. Our mail left here, oh, at eight in the evening. It was put on the train about ten at Thompson. That train didn't get into Salt Lake until about seven or eight o'clock the next morning, and by the time it got down to the post office and worked and ready for the carriers, they had already left for their day's run. That mail sat there in the Salt Lake office for twenty-four hours, from eight o'clock in the morning to seven the next morning till the carriers come on and started to work.SG: So the problem wasn't from this office.EC: No, it was universal in this part of the state. But nowour mail is in Salt Lake by twelve o'clock at night. Salt Lake's an all night office, and this mail is delivered the next morning on the first run of the carriers. So we speeded up the delivery the next morning on the first run of the carriers. So we speeded up the delivery of all Salt Lake mail by at least twenty-four hours on the truck.SG: I notice that you lock up the box area at night. I thought at most first class offices they usually keep that area open.EC: We tried this when we first moved in this office. We found that they weren't respecting them. I don't know15
 E. R. CARTER #1whether it was children or who it was. We'd come in and we found that they scratched the boxes. These were brand new boxes were scratched down with matches. They'd go down and just leave a terrible mark down through there. It would take just hours to clean the lobby up every morning. We have a stamp dispensing machine which you drop coins in and stamps dispense, and we were quite unfamiliar with its operation. It had gotten out of order. We had placed an out-of-order sign on it, just hand-written sign, and we had scotch taped it on there. They set that sign afire and burned all the paint off that machine. The cost to replace that machine damaged by the fire was about three hundred dollars. Well, this cured me of providing all-night service. Why should people need th is anyway? W e're open from seven in the morning till seven at night, seven days a week. We don't receive mail after six o'clock in the morning except a little airmail, and people that get this know that thisis coming in. They have time to pick it up. If they have something special coming in the mail, I'll call them. If it's a business, and they get a big airmail parcel in here, I'll call them and they'll come down and pick it up. So by seven o'clock in the evening, normally people are going to pick up their mail if they're interested. We have a drop outside where they can mail, and they're not16
 E .R .CARTER 111going to receive any more after three o'clock in the afternoon. Our last chance of receiving any mail that we can put in the boxes is at three o'clock in the afternoon. This is our airmail flight from Denver. I don't think I should burden the police with having to come by here every half an hour and walk in here and see what's going on to make sure we aren't being vandalized, so we've just taken the privilege of locking this up.SG: This is strictly at your own discretion. There isn't any regulation on that?EC: No. The manual states that you meet the needs of the community. Now, if I had a complaint on this and they felt that I wasn't providing this need, all they have to do is give me a letter on it, send it in, and if Denver rules that I must be open later or all night, I'd be happy to comply with this. I have to state my hours to the Denver office. I have to tell them when I'm in this office, when the window service is open, and when we sellour money orders. This is at my discretion, when our box lobby is open. Denver's gone along with all of this for this office, so I know that we're meeting the needs of the community or Denver would be right on my neck.SG: Actually, the local postmaster then does have quite a big of authority concerning policies?EC: Well, there's a manual of instruction to meet. Now 17
 E. R. CARTER i/1another office might have a different deal on this. If he's an all-night office, and he's working mail all night long, there's somebody there, so he'd probably want to keep the box lobby open and get rid of that mail out of the boxes. We don't like the mail piling up because itjust hinders you from putting more mail in. But we have this authority just to meet the needs. If an office gets their mail at noon, they may have a different set of window hours than we do. Now we sell money orders from nine o'clock in the morning till five o'clock at night. Just so long as you're meeting the needs of the community when you businesses are open. All these things determine the hours that you're open.SG: Have you had any other problems with vandalism?EC: Well, we have out on the routes. Kids will come along and maybe stick a firecracker in a mail box and blow the front of it off and this sort of thing. But this is something we let the police handle. Once we put that mail in that box, it belongs to the patron. We've had mail taken out of boxes, torn up, thrown on the ground infront of the box.SG: When the uranium boom started, did you notice anydifference in the rate of first class, second class,third class volume?EC: Well, most of our outgoing mail was first class mail18
 E¥ R¥ CARTER /11became they wanted to get it out as quick as they could, but we had a lot of first class mail coming in too. I think our parcel post coming in picked up.SG: That's what I was wondering.EC: And first class mail was worth ---?--- move that bunchover onto the second and third class and get it worked. The third class mail, it would be days before we'd get it caught up because over the weekend, you know, it'd just throw us in such a bind. Like I say, we didn't have the space for the boxes. It was quite a problem, but we got out of it. I think service has been pretty good in Moab. There's always a few unhappy people, I imagine, who didn't think we got something out when they thought weshould.SG: Did the volume of the post office go down slightly whenthe uranium boom started its decline, or did your volumestay about the same?EC: Well, we weren't every really affected. We climbedsteadily from '52 right on up to our present day. Now, we got just a little less last year, you know, I think maybe from this potash thing, possibly, but we were still in excess of one hundred thousand, which is about what we had been hitting for the last five or six years. We did forty, fifty, sixty, eighty thousand from the last fifties through the early sixties, and then it jumped up19
 E. R. CARTER #1to a hundred thousand, in, oh, what year did we first hit a hundred thousand here? In '68. But it had gone from eighty-three to ninety-two to one hundred and five, so there has been quite a steady growth even after the uranium thing had slacked off.SG: The initial increase in the post office here was caused by the uranium boom, but what's happened since hasn't really had anything to do with uranium?EC: Well, uranium is still playing a big part in the economy of this county because this mill is running to its full capacity out here, and all of the mines in the area are still producing. A lot of the businesses that were built back on that thing are still in existence today. We've lost some of them. I think since then this potash thing,along with uranium, has kept it up to what it is today. But tourism in the summer months, I think, is probably going to be one of the more feasible things to rely on then either the uranium or mining.SG: Tourism hasn't up to now been a major factor, has it?EC: Well, we notice each summer in our receipts here the tourist trade. In the future when the park service canrely on meeting the needs of the people through roads and accommodations, this tourism thing is going to be our best bet for our economy. There will always be a need for uranium. As long as there's a market to meet the costs,20
 E . R . CARTER #1they're going to produce it. The government doesn't control the price any more. I think more mines are going to come back in this area.SG: It's interesting that before, you were largely dependent upon them for your first class mail, but it's branched out to so many other areas.EC: Right. No, we don't necessarily depend on uranium. But I think we would feel it if it was completely shut down. If all of the uranium were pulled out of this county, we would probably notice it. Our receipts would probably drop down. But there's a lot of other things going. There's another uranium outfit going in out here near La Sal. You've probably heard of this Canadian outfit, Rio Algom.SG: Yeah.EC: They're sinking a shaft now. They're going to build amill out there, and those people will probably live here in Moab and receive their mail through here and do their business in the Moab community. This is going to be a little boost because they do quite a large operation.SG: Do you remember back in the fifties which uranium companies were your biggest customers?EC: W ell, the Utex, which was the á one operated by Charles Steen, was the biggest.SG: Do you remember a couple other there that were 21
 E. R. CARTER #1particularly large at that time?EC: Well, I don't recall when the Home Stake and some of those others actually began operation, but the mill here was the direct result of Charles Steen's operation. They milled for the other companies also. Home Stake was probably the next largest producer, at least right in the area, if I can recall, of all of those companies. There's been so many of them, some of them fly-by-night outfits, uranium stocks gone up and down and staking claims. I've started my nineteenth year here, and I've never staked a uranium claim yet. Everybody else in town has, I think.SG: Quite of few gotten burned by them too.EC: Right, yeah.SG: Do you remember at the height, what percentage of yourbusiness, approximately, uranium would have been?EC: You mean as to the receipts to Moab?SG: Yeah.EC: I'd say that 80 to 85 percent of the receipts in thisoffice was a direct result of the uranium industry in thecounty for seven or eight years here.SG: It was that high?EC: That would just be my rough estimate of it, you know. Idon't know whether you could actually determine it ornot.SG: It's pretty impossible now.22
 E . EC:SG:EC: SG: EC:SG:EC: SG: EC:SG: EC:R.CARTER #1But this is my belief, that at least 80 or more percent would be the direct result of it.What would you guess would be the percentage now? Would it be more than 10 percent?Oh, I'd say anywhere from 25 to 40 percent now.It's still a very healthy part of it?Yeah. The truck industry that's hauling this ore is all part of the uranium industry. Apparently they still employ trucking companies.If you were to limit your estimate just to the mines themselves and to the mining companies, what would they be?Oh, I think about 20 percent.Now or then?Now. Then it was between 80 and 90 percent, I'd say, if you add the bank, telephone company, and the businesses. They played quite a part in that. All of the people that were connected one way or another through the uranium used 80 percent.Thank you very much.It's been my pleasure.