 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. Grand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-194July 26, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 26, 1970Tape #1:Childhood and Schooling ................ 1World War II. . . . . . . . . . . . Company Doctor in Uravan.Living Conditions and Contract.. .. 3 ¥ ¥ 5 . . . . . . . 7
 THE FOLLOWING IS AN CONDUCTED BY CLAREJ U N C T I O N , COLORADO. HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]MARY L. MOORE, M. D. ,INTERVIEW WITH ENGLE ON JUL Y2 6 , 1 9 7 0 AT[ T H I S I S P ART OF THE UT AH URANIUM ORALCE: Thank you, Dr. Moore, for taking time to talk with me. I know you have a very busy schedule and you're very considerate to do this for us. As you know my assignment is on this Oral History Project of the Union Carbide Corporation, and I'm especiallyinterested in Uravan as a company town. Before we begin with our discussion of Uravan and your career there, will you tell me where you were born and raised and educated?MM: I was born in Leadville, Colorado, and as a child of seven my family--my father had retired from the machine shops of Leadville and we moved to Rifle, Colorado. I went to school all the time in Rifle, but when I was about twelve, thirteen years old they started to build a mill and a mine in Rifle to mine and mill vanadium, which was as you know (something] that very few people knew anything about. It brought in a lot of new people and of course a lot of money into Rifle. This is the first time that I knew anything about vanadium, and the word uranium hadnever been mentioned before. The man who was superinte~dent of the U.S. Vanadium Company in Rifle was a man by the name of Ralph---?---. And the manGRAND
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1who was superintendent of the mill was a man by the name of Bill Anderson whose children (of both of these men) were in my class in school and I was veryCE: MM:close to them. After we got through high school the vanadium mine vein played out, so the mine and the mill were closed. The mill was even torn down, but there was just one building left there at the millsite in Rifle.Do you remember the date?No, but by the time that I got back to Rifle to practice medicine in '39 or '40 the mill had been torn down, because I can remember going out and delivering a baby, and the building that used to be the office building there had a family that was living in there. I remember going out and delivering the baby the night that I got home. And this family was carrying the bricks out of the furnace and getting the by-product of uranium, and it was being shipped to Germany prior to World War II. All that dust or yellow cake that was coming out of the furnace, this is what they were doing.For who?CE:MM: U.S. Vanadium I suppose was selling it. But when didUnion Carbide buy U.S. Vanadium? CE: In 1935 or 6. I think both dates.2
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1MM: Well, maybe it would be Union Carbide then that wasselling it, but all of this dust that they were getting out from between the bricks of the furnace they were packing it up and this product was sold, I understand, to Germany.CE: I want to correct myself. It was 1923. Union Carbide bought U.S. Vanadium Company and U.S. Vanadium Corporation then became a subsidiary of Union Carbide.Really? In '26? Before I was even out of high school. I didn't know that. They didn't buy north Cottonwood out until the year right about the time that I went to Uravan in '43.radium over at Slickrock. This is where some of---?- -- was. Used to get---?--- he'd be able to give you more information on that. But anyway, about 1939 I came back to Rifle to practice medicine and practiced medicine there until the war began. I wanted to get into the Army and I couldn't find any way to get into the Army, so I kept writing to the Surgeon General to see if there was any place for me again. Finally I got a telegram from them asking me if I would accept a position as a contract surgeon to the Nebraskan, soMM:CE:MM: This was the company that was actually producingI don't know about that.3
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1that I could take care of the WACS that they were organizing in Ft. Des Moines, and so this is what I did.CE: What does a contract surgeon mean?MM: Well, you have to, you weren't actually in the Armybut you had a rating of a Lieutenant and you got the pay of a Lieutenant. You wore the Army uniform but you weren't actually in the Army. Then as I said I was back in Fort Des Moines for--I went into the Army in--the war was declared in '40 wasn't it? [1941] December of '41, and it was July of '42 that I went into the Army. I was in the Army until the following year when they were going to absorb the Contract S~geons into the WACS. I didn't want to become a WAC. I couldn't see that. In fact, I couldn't find very much for me to do in Ft. Des Moines; it was a waste of time. I knew I was wasting my time, and so then I had an out because I was going to join the WACS until I got out of it. I came back to Rifle to my mother's just to rest for a while trying to decide what I was going to do, whether I--and then about this time they were going to commission women's positions into the real Army. So I reapplied to the Army to get in back in and I did. I received a commission, but they were going to send me right back4
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1to Ft. Des Moines with the WACS. I also was looking into a position in Colorado Springs. I thought I might go over there into Colorado Springs and practice pediatrics. About this time Dr. E. H. Millcalled me and asked me what I was doing.I [told] him I was just simply helping my mother in the garden. He had told me about Uravan. There wasn't any position in Uravan, and if I rally wanted to do something in Uravan he felt this would be a good place for me. So he made arrangements for me to meet Jerry Foster who was the City Manager in Uravan and he was going to be in the Junction and he would drive me to Uravan and they would make arrangements for someone to drive me out of Uravan. At this time Uravan was about ninety-two miles from [Grand Junction], eleven miles of it was pavement and the rest was dirt road.CE: From here, from Grand Junction.MM: From Grand Junction. I went up to Uravan with JerryFoster and his family, and he was a man that had quite a few children; eight, seven or eight, nine children. He showed me around Uravan and--CE: What was your first impression?MM: Of course it was a bleak, desolate mining camp. Heshowed me the hospital, which of course was merely a 5
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1building with very make-shift furniture in it and examining tables. But anyway it was--they told me that they were keeping a house for the physician, one of the houses, one of their mining houses 1ike I have, rent free, but if I want to live in the hospital I could even live in the hospital. Becausethere was one section, one little section of the hospital that had a room and a bath in the corner of the hospital away from the two wards. They had two rooms that had hospital beds in [them]. So I decided that I could stay in the hospital. Then a man by the name of Joe Western who was superintendent of the mining at the time--CE: At Uravan.MM: At Uravan, drove me out and he was a much morereckless driver than Jerry, faster going I could see. We had two or three miles actually of twisted roads, it was just a one-way road and cliffs, and this was startling to me too. But anyway I agreed that I would go up. I'd go and see if I could help them out at Uravan. First I think I took a week off and went into Denver to buy some furniture just so that I could take that drab look out of at least my room in the Uravan hospital. I bought some furniture and some drapes and so forth so at least my room would be6
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1cheerful. Then I went on up to Uravan to practice medicine.CE: It didn't concern you that you'd be so close to the patients twenty-four hours a day?MM: N o .CE: Going to your apartment, riding to---?---.MM: No, no. These people came and went all the time inthe hospital. Of course I could lock my room. In fact, I could lock the hospital, the waiting room door, but they would pound on the waiting room door and they came at all hours of the night with all of their problems.CE: My question was raised on the idea that you might be too busy if you lived that close.MM: Well, of course I kept busy, but there were hours of the evening when I really wasn't busy and I did have trouble keep occupied. Of course there wasn't very much social life in Uravan. We had~ dance maybe once a month and I think they had a movie once a week, and they were all old movies, but everybody went. Everybody went to the dances, but really I've never known of a group of more friendly people.CE: Compatible.MM: Oh, yeah.CE: The mine workers and the--7
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1MM: Truck drivers, the miners, the superintendents.Everybody was just charming to me.CE: What was the town like when you were there? Was itvery large? Do you remember the size of itspopulation?MM: Oh, no. Probably between 800 and 1,000 people. Thetown was laid, the company buildings or the company houses were just most of them small mining houses with two or three, two bedrooms, and they were laid out in different blocks. Of course the superintendents have the bigger houses. Then there was a guest house where the visiting engineers and consultants from New York and so forth , stayed which was a nice house. Then we had boardinghouses for the bachelor men and there were always beds there when the men could--oh, the electricians and so forth that they had to bring in from Junction could stay temporarily. One of these rooming houses is right across the street from the hospital, and the hospital was down the canyon from the mill and the tailing pile. Every miner that came down the pile came down the canyon and every evening came back up, and so the floors of the hospital were a thick tiled linoleum. Every morning when I would get up and go across the room to shut the window my footprints would be across8
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1the--in the brick because of this grey sand that had blown in [during] the night. But a lot of people had nice little lawns and flowers. Of course other people didn't. Then there [were] sections of the community up different canyons where people came and more orless built shacks. A lot of these sections had names, and I can't recall any in particular, but the poorer workers and so forth lived in these little houses and shacks that they built.just so many houses built in the certain blocks right around the mill that the company built, and then the other workers that came in had to provide their own shelters. Some of them were shacks, no running water in them and outside privies. And those have all been torn down, they got rid of those. The company built some more houses, and then the government came while I was up there and built up some of these federal housing units. That was down the canyon below the main section of town. Of course, this brought in a different element of people too; some very nice people lived in these Federal new housing units andsome very odd people lived there.CE: Do you know why the government came in at thatThe company built them.CE:MM: No, I don't think the company built them. There were9
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. #1 particular time?MM:CE:MM: CE:MM:There were a couple of mills built up there, not a company mill but a government mill, and they had a mill across the river from the Union Carbide mill and were milling uranium.This was the Metals Reserve Period. Do you recall that?Yes, uh huh.For instance, the government was pushing private industry to--They had a number of soldiers up there working in this mill, technicians, but I didn't really have any contract or agreement with the government mill for any care, so when U.S. Vanadium--or when a man would come to apply for work and would have to pass a physical for U.S. Vanadium, if for any reason I couldn't pass him he could always just go across the river and get a job at the government mill, because they didn't require a physical.accidents. I just can't remember what salary they actually paid me, but then they did all the bookkeeping and they collected all the money from theprivate office calls and gave me fifty percent. I 10What was your contract with Union Carbide?CE:MM: Well, I did all company physicals and took care of
 MARYL. MOORE, M.D. j ldidn't do any bookkeeping.CE: But you then had a private practice along with this company obligation? Is that what you're saying?[END OF INTERVIEW]11