 ANNE KOSEC Spring Glen, UtahAn Interview By Madge TomsicCarbon County Oral History Project No. 11993American West с Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 HER P ARENTS AND T H E I R BACKGROUND HER BACKGROUND/GROWING UPHER MOTHER'S BACKGROUND .HER F A THER'S BACKGROUND .FOODS THEY MADE . . . .FUN THINGS SHE DID AS A CHILD . LIVING IN SPRING GLEN .EXPERIENCES GOING TO SCHOOL . WORKING FOR HER F A THER'S FURNITURE HER F A THER'S GROCERY STORE BUSINESSSTORE DURINGSTRIKES. . . . . .. .1 3 4 6 7 8 911 1214 17 1 8TABLE OF CONTENTSAND THE DEPRESSIONWHERE HER HUSBAND WORKED, GETTING MARRIED, CHILDREN . . .EXPERIENCES WORKING I N THE FURNITURETHINGS SHE DOES WITH HER FAMILY .ATTENDING SCHOOL IN SPRING GLEN .WHAT IT WAS LIKE LIVING IN SPRING GLENPLACES WHERE THEY DANCED . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22 BESTPARTOFHERLIFE . . . 23STORE. . .. . . 19. .. 21 . . . . . . . . . 21.
 [ T H I S I S AN INTER VIEW WITH ANNE KOSEC. THE YEAR I S 1 9 9 3 ANDTHEMT:AK:MT: AK:INTER VIEWER I S MADGE T O M S I C . ]I want to start with your telling me about, tell me what you remember about your parents. Where they came from and why they came to this country and what your dad and mom did.Well, my dad came over when he was 16 from Yugoslavia, to work in the mines.Did he come directly to Helper?No. He came to, now see that's where I don't remember. He came either to Montana, now he was in Colorado, and Ithink he was in Montana. But see that I don't remember too well. He worked in Colorado. Then I think from Colorado he came to Utah. He worked in the mines. Then he went into a pool hall business, as a partner. From there he went into the grocery business, then to the furniture business.What mines did he work in? Do you know?That one mine in Colorado that's called a, oh my. I cannot remember.Do you remember any that he worked at here in Carbon County?No. I don't know. That's something too. I don't know if he worked in the mines before I was born. When I was born, he never did work in any mines.He was into business?Yeah.MT: AK:MT:AK:MT: AK:
 ANNE KOSECMT: Do .you know why he came, why he left Yugoslavia?AK: Well yes. See his mother died when he was just a childand his father, I guess, just had a hard time with the family. He had a big family. He just decided to come over at 16 at the time.MT: Over by himself?AK: As far as I know he came by himself.MT: That's interesting. But your mother was born here.AK: My mother was born in San Francisco. Yes.MT: And they met, where did they meet?AK: They must have met in Sunnyside cause that's where herfolks were. So they must have met in Sunnyside. Unlessthat's where he was working when they met. I don't know. MT: And where was he born in Yugoslavia?AK: Uh, I know too.MT: Was it around Ljubljana?AK: Ljubljana, yeah.MT: Did he live right in Ljubljana or just in that area?AK: In that area.MT: We have a lot, there are a lot of people here in CarbonCounty from there.AK: Martina might remember that better than me.MT: Well I'll ask her too.AK: And get the straight of it.MT: Now, I saw that picture of you when you were a child in2
 ANNE KOSECPrice. Is that where you lived when you were just a child?AK: Yes. In fact I was there when I was six years old and I didn't start school 'till seven because my mother, it was so far from school, she wouldn't let me walk to school cause I was too young. Sne felt like I was too young to do that. So, I, and I don't know how long we lived in Price. A few years as far as I know.MT: Is that while your dad was working in mines or was that after he had his business?AK: See, I don't know.MT: When did you finally start school?AK: When?MT: Uh-huh. How old were you?AK: I was seven when I started school.MT: Your mom kept you until you were seven.AK: Yeah. And when, and then, I can't, when I think back...We must have moved from Spring Glen to Price and thenback again.MT: Oh I see what you're saying. Yes.AK: That's something for me to find out too. That'sinteresting. See I've never even give that a thought. MT: So where did you start school? Were you in price thenwhen you started school?AK: No, I started school in Spring Glen.3
 ANNE KOSECMT: In Spring Glen?AK: Yeah.MT: And did you speak English when you went to school?AK: Yes, I spoke English. I a, just before, I had somecousins, the Matekovics. And my mother says we used to go, see I didn't speak English. And I don't why because my mother and her folks always spoke English in their home. And, but, a when she _married my dad and she had, he had his brother come over, she had to learn the language herself in order to talk to him. And, I think they spoke it to me. Because I couldn't understand, a speak English.MT: But your mother originally spoke English. Was she from Yugoslavia? Was your mom from Yugoslavia originally?AK: No. A, her father and mother were, yes. MT: But she was born in the United States? AK: Yes, she was born in San Francisco.MT: But she was Slovanian.AK: That's where they came to. They came to San Francisco and that's where she was born. I think all her brothers and sisters were born in the United States.MT: Now that's interesting. But you primarily spoke Slovanian in your home?AK: Well no, not really. A...MT: But you didn't learn English when you were...AK: I, I don't know how it was but I know I couldn't speak4
 ANNE KOSECEnglish because my mother was saying that when I'd go to visit my cousins we were having quite a time because I didn't understand them and they didn't understand me. But, a, when I went to school, I must have been younger than that, because when I went to school I spoke English.MT: When you started school you did speak English? AK: Y es.MT: Oh. So you learned it before you went to school? AK: Yeah.MT: So you didn't feel that was any problem when you went to school?AK: No. See and we always spoke English in the house. All the time. And my mother's folks too. They all spoke English because none of them could speak their language except my mother like I said, she learned after she got married.MT: So, when you were young, how did it feel to be able to speak two languages?AK: See I don't remember. I don't remember. But Iс, now I can speak it pretty well on up to after I got out of high school because I worked for, in the store in the summertime. And these people from Consumers National, they were different dialects but I could speak to all of them and understand all of them. Now I don't understand, I mean, I can understand most of it but I can't speak it anymore.5
 ANNE KOSECMT: AK: MT:AK: MT: AK: MT:AK: MT: AK:MT: AK: MT:AK:MT:So you've kind of lost it because you haven't kept it up? I've lost it. Yeah.I just wanted to go back and ask you one more thing about your father's family in Yugoslavia. Do you know what they did and what kind of--Just farming.They were farmers.Farmers. As far as I know. Yes.And apparently he didn't work in the coal mines too many years then?No.He went into business with a ...I think he worked on the railroad till when he first came here as a young boy.Do you know what year he came to the United States? Gosh, I can't remember.What year was he born? I couldn't tell you what year my dad was born.I know it. I know it. I just can't think of what it is. 18, let's see. My mother was born in...I don't even remember that.I wouldn't be able to remember that. Isn't that strange. Can you remember as a child any customs that your dad or your mother and her parents, your family, brought here that you sort of observed in your families?6
 ANNE KOSECAK: Brought over from Europe? Nothing except my grandmotherand grandfather had a little farm and they farmed it and they farmed it the way they did over there. But that's about all.MT: Was it different? They farmed in the same way?AK: I can remember, see I stayed with my grandmother when I first ... ! think when I first started school, I believe.And I can remember at that time, a thing around my head because we went up and picked the pumpkins, with a horse)and wagon. And a, that's about all I can remember ofthat.MT: What about the food. What were some of the foods thatyour grandmother cooked?AK: Well, they a, they made their strudels, their poticas, ofcourse. And a, oh their cornmeal, not cornmeal, butbuckwheat dumplings. In fact my mother made those.MT: Were those put in soups?AK: Yes, well, yeah. Some were in soups and some were justbutter and crumbs.MT: Just make the dumplings and ...AK: And, a, of course their sausages and their parks and hamsthat they smoked and their sauerkraut. That is about allI can remember that would be different.MT: Well that's definitely Slovanian and German too. AK: Yes. Sausage and sauerkraut's German too.7
 ANNE KOSECMT: So did you have pigs that you killed and made yoursausage from?AK: Yes, I can remember having, Dad had pigs for a few yearsthere. And chickens.MT: What about a smokehouse? Did they have a smokehouse? AK: Yes they had a smokehouse. Yeah, he smoked his hams, hisMT:: AK: MT: AK:ribs, and his sausages. He brought a lot of this stuff back to me.Now that's what I want to ask you. Do you do any of these things? Did you do them earlier in your life and what do you still do?I didn't. No. But Louie did.Uh-huh. Y our husband?Yeah. He made sausage. Not for years, but all of a sudden he decided that's what he wanted to do. So he made sauerkraut and he made, had pigs killed and got the blood and made blood sausage and smoke sausage.A blood sausage is a Slovanian sausage?MT:AK: I think so. I think it is. Course, the English make abread pudding, I mean a blood pudding, but as far as Iknow it is a Slovanian dish.MT: A, now, can you think of some of the fun things you didas a child?AK: Played kick the can.MT: Interesting. My kids played kick the can. We played it.8
 ANNE KOSECThat was fun.AK: And that's about it. Hide-and-go-seek. We'd go out and play hide-and-go-seek, kick the can and that was it.MT: And you remember, are those the years that you lived in Spring Glen then?AK: Uh-huh.MT: You moved from Price to Spring Glen.AK: Yes, now see, Dad, my Dad had a ranch up by Wattis up2there. And that's when I went to school and stayed with my grandmother for a year. And they were. up there for a couple of years. Then they moved to Spring Glen.MT: And then he was in business.AK: Then he was in business.MT: OK.AK: His first business was cattle which broke him. That'swhen he was up on this ranch. He had cattle. MT: He had cattle.AK: Uh-huh.MT: And what happened there?AK: Well he just, just went broke.MT: He went broke?AK: Yeah.MT: So did he sell the ranch or lost it? AK: No, I d o n 't know what happened.MT: And then he owned a pool hall.9
 ANNE KOSECAK: Yeah.MT: Was that here in Helper?AK: No, it was in Spring Glen.MT: Oh, in Spring GlenAK: Where the Polka Palace is.MT: Oh really?AK: ,Yeah, right there.MT: Was this after the, I'm trying to think of the people whohad that grocery store down there. Now I can't rememberwho i t was. Dupins? AK: Dupins.MT: Or was it the same time of the business?AK: I think it was after. No, I think it was before. I thinkit was before Dupins. I think it was before.MT: Did he stay in that business very long?AK: Not too long. I don't know. A few years.MT: Where did he have his grocery store?AK: A, in Helper here.MT: Then he started one in Helper. Do you remember where itwas?AK: No, I don't, unless it was where the video shop is still.You know, that's where had turned into...MT: The Sunshine Video and that was Al Veltri's drug store. AK: Now you check all this with Tina because she'll rememberit10
 ANNE KOSECMT: Yeah, I will. Now, a, did you go to, you went to whatAK: MT: AK: MT: AK: MT. AK: MT:сс AK: MT:AK:MT: AK:MT:grade in school in Spring Glen?All the way through 8th grade.Then did you go to Carbon High School? Yeah.And so you graduated from Carbon.Yeah.And what year did you graduate?'32 That's one year that I remember.That's one year you remember. That's better than I, and I graduated in '42.'42.We're not that far apart Anne. Uh, so when your dad, I want to ask you a couple df things about yourself before we go on. A, what are some things that you remember about going to school that were special?Oh, well the going to grade school. Just our friends we had. There were three of us started school together and we went all the way through.That was special.And that was special cause it was fun. One's dead since then so, and that's about it. And the teachers We hadsome nice teachers which we all liked.Were you out of high school very long before you were married? Were you married young?11
 ANNE KOSECAK: No, I was 24 when I got married.MT: So, what did you do Anne when you got out of high school?Did you work in the store?AK: Yeah, I worked in the store. Uh-huh.MT: All right, now what, a, you only have one brother right? AK: Uh-huh.MT: John. And John went through high school. And the reasonI'm bringing this up is that there's a difference between the first generation and the second generation of immigrants here because some of the early people, the boys, didn't ever get to go through high school. They didn't even get through grade school. And I sort of wanted to make that distinction here. But, you and Tina and John, I mean all three of you finished.AK: Yeah.MT: And were able to go through high school. And then youwent to work in the store. Okay, now by that time whichstore did your dad have?AK: The furniture store.MT: The furniture store.AK: Yeah.MT: Now before that he had a grocery store.AK: He had a grocery store. Yeah, that's what they startedout as, as a grocery store.MT: And who was he in business with in the grocery store?12
 ANNE KOSECAK: With Jim Rolando. Joe's dad.MT: Okay. Now what was his name?AK: Jim.MT: Jim Rolando. And a, and they had a grocery store? Wasthat in the same place as yours?AK: I think it was but I can't remember.MT: Uh-huh.AK: I can remember him, you know they used to deliver thegroceries. They'd go and take orders and they'd deliverthe groceries and I can remember him doing that.MT: So was that sort of a family business? Did your family and did Rolando's family all sort of pitch in? Did theydeliver groceries and help out in the store? AK: No. No.MT: Just the fathers?AK: Yeah. Just the fathers, yeah. We were all too young.MT: You were too young then.AK: Yeah. Uh-huh.MT: Then do you remember when he started, when they startedthe furniture store? Do you remember what year?AK: Gosh, I don't. See he was still in the grocery store,grocery business in 1925. I gDt pictures showing. MT: Exactly.AK: Yeah. And a, it wasn't too long after that I think they went in. But I can't tell you for sure, cause I don't13
 ANNE KOSEC know.MT: Okay. Now, he was in the grocery business in 1925 and during that time probably went through a couple of strikes.AK: Yeah.MT: How did your dad and Mr. Rolando, how did they handlethat with the people? When they were on strike.AK: Well, when they were on strike they carried a lot of the people. And a, they charged their groceries and they losta lot that way too.MT: But I guess that's the thing I remember about your store.Your furniture store. Urn, and that was, has always been your attitude toward people charging things and your credit. But that's the way your dad started out.AK: Y eah.MT: And he carried them.AK: My dad couldn't say no.MT: Do you think it hurt him or helped him?AK: I don't think it hurt him too much. No. It hurt moneywise yes, but a, it didn't stop him or...MT: You're still in business.AK: Yeah.MT: You're still in business in Helper and all of the othershave closed down. A, I think your dad, my own feeling is that that particular attitude and kindness toward the14
 ANNE KOSECpeople, and he's always done that in your store.AK: Yeah, we've always done that. In fact, a lot of our customers, even today their kids still come because they remember what he did, and helped them.MT: Absolutely.AK: Got a lot of them. Yeah.MT: Well we're one team here. When my husband, when Gene andI were married, you know, we got so much of our stuff and you were always so kind. You never sent a bill. And I don't, I've never forgotten that.AK: Yeah. A lot of the people are that way.MT: We've never forgotten it and the people I know have neverforgotten the way your family treated them.AK: We've got people that say, "Well what am I talking about,everything came from Mutual".MT: Exactly. So your father went with a lot of good willpeople?AK: Yeah. And like I said, he had, I'm sure he had, well Iknow he did. He had a lot of hard times. He walked the floor many a night. When it was during the depression and you know, but they kept going.MT: How did it go during the Depression? I guess he had to carry a lot of people then.AK: He carried a lot of people. Yeah. He did. Yeah. And most of them remembered and repaid him.15
 ANNE KOSECMT: So in the long run he really did collect most of hismoney.AK: He did. He collected a lot of it.MT: So he was right in the middle of it. With them all thetime. How, did your dad ever take a role in strikes,other than helping people in that way?AK: Not as far as I know.MT: He didn't take.AK: No.MT: Except that the coal miners knew they could.AK: Yeah. He was on their side. They knew that. But to workin there when he had his business, he didn't have time. MT: But the miners knew he was on their side.AK: Oh yeah.MT: That's interesting. Did he ever run into any difficultiesover that?AK: NotasfarasIknowof.MT: People not coming to his store because he supported theminers?AK: I don't know. I don't think so. I don't know.MT: And did the companies ever have any grievance againsthim?AK: No. As far as I know.MT: Because he was so free to give them credit. AK: As far as I know he didn't.16
 ANNE KOSECMT: Because the company stores would give them a, script? AK: Yeah.MT: Collect before they got their pay the next time.AK: You bet.MT: But your dad couldn't do that. He had to wait until theyhad the money to pay him.AK: I can remember when the fellows, especially up atConsumers there. One day or a month sometimes they got, or two or three days a month they got work. It was hard. It was hard.MT: Where did your husband, Louis, work Anne?AK: He did... work. A, well he worked in Rains, and he worked at Peerless and he worked at, did he work at HorseCanyon? From there he worked down at the washing plant. MT: And so did you live in the camps?Uh-uh.You didn't ever live up in the camps?AK:MT:AK:MT:AK:MT: Oh, that's right.AK: And then I think, I think I was two years old when theymoved out of Sunnyside and that's where I don't know whether they, and they lived in Kenilworth too. So I believe that ' s probably, that's where they went to. ToI never got out of Spring Glen. You were born and raised there. I was born in Sunnyside.17
 ANNE KOSECKenilworth. From Kenilworth then they went to Spring Glen because Tina was born in Spring Glen.MT: You bought a home in Spring Glen. How many children do you have?AK: Two.MT: Two.AK: Twoboys.MT: Two boys. That's right. A, tell me something about theworking in the store? Did you, I don't remember you working in the store in the early, you know when I started trading there?AK: See I got married, I graduated in '32 and I got married in '37. So I didn't work there too long. The fact is Tina is mad at me, she said you had to get married so I had to come in here. She blames me. (laughing)MT: Right. And so then you didn't work for a while.AK: No. I must of not worked right off the bat. I worked in the summertime. I remember. And then I did work steady. It must have been four to five years. I worked thereuntil I got married.MT: What is your experience then in Helper and working in thestore and dealing with people? How could you sort ofcharacterize it? How do you feel about it?AK: Well, as far as the work is concerned they can just forget it because it's just work. But we met so many nice18
 ANNE KOSECpeople. We've got nice customers and I'm always glad thatI got to meet them. I wouldn't have otherwise. I wouldn't have got to know them. And I'll always be glad that I got to meet people.MT: I'll bet you know everybody in Helper and Spring Glen? AK: I know a lot of them. And like I said we've got really nice customers. Customers that I'm glad that I got toknow.MT: So that's really a big part of your life?AK: Yes. That part I enjoyed. I enjoyed the people. I reallydid.MT: Do you have any special stories that you could share withus about working in the store or your early life? I should have you write these down. Let me go back just a minute to the family things. Do you do a lot of things family-wise, with your whole family? Is that a customthat you think?AK: Oh we just always have done it. That's all. When mymother and dad, I think they're the ones that just kept us there together. And now it's just us kids and we do do things together.MT: And so you continue this family custom?AK: Yeah. Getting together on holidays and in between, andyet lead our own lives. MT: A nice custom isn't it?19
 ANNE KOSECAK: Yes it is. It is.MT: And when you get down to really small families.AK: And our kids are all that way, "When are we going to gettogether? When are we going to get together?" I likethat.MT: I wonder if they will continue it. I wonder if some ofthese customs will carry on.AK: I believe they will. Course, there's only Johnny's kidsand my kids. And so I think they will.MT: How many grandchildren are there?AK: Well, I have one and Johnny and Gloria have three. Youmean on my dad's and mother's grandchildren?MT: No I meant Gloria and Johnny. I didn't know they hadthree.AK: Yeah. They have two girls and a boy.MT: And who has the girls?AK: Michael has the girls.MT: I didn't realize that.AK: Yeah, and Trudy has the boy.MT: Great. Well that's wonderful. So it's going to continueon. AK: Yeah.MT: Oh that's great. When did your dad die? AK: In 1983, I think it was.MT: And your mom died before, didn't she?20
 ANNE KOSECAK: My mother died in '83. My dad died in '85.MT: Oh. Your mom died in '83 and your dad in '85. Yeah, Iremember now. I remember the year he died. I remember coming back and hearing that he had died because I wasn't here. Annie, just let me ask you one more question. What about your school years at Spring Glen? What was it like down there?AK: What was it like? Any rural school.MT: What kind of desks did you have?AK: We had the regular little desks that opened up. You know.They opened up and you put your books in them.MT: Oh really. Were they wooden?AK: Yeah. With seats.MT: They weren't those wooden ones that were attached to oneanother. Were they? Back then probably, yeah.AK: I think they were attached. It seemed like the one behindwas attached to the seat. I believe.MT: Yeah I think. And then they built some of those thatopened up.AK: At that time it seems like there was a closeness in theschools. There weren't, course there weren't that many children. You know, so you got to know everybody. And played with everybody .MT: How was it just living in Spring Glen? AK: I like it.21
 ANNE KOSECMT: What was it that you liked about it Annie?AK: Well, it's the only place I know. Knew, for one thing.And of course we knew everybody in town, at that time. Now we don't know anybody. You know because there's so many new people. But we knew everybody at that, course we knew the kids, we knew their parents. It was nice.MT: Did you like the closeness?AK: Yes .MT: I've heard that a lot from people I've interviewed. Thatthey like that closeness. Now, was your family, did they do a lot of dancing? Was there a lot of places that they danced?AK: Well, they had their lodges. And they went to their picnics, they had their dances, they had their baptisms, and there were those big parties at that time. And that's what they done mostly. Had the polkas. They sang. The guys would get in the corner and they would sing. I can remember that so well.MT: Lots of fun.AK: Nobody sings anymore.MT: So people would get together and sing and dance at theirpicnics. AK: Yes.MT: Would these be primarily Slovanian people or did they bring in Italians and other people?22
 ANNE KOSECAK: Well, mostly it was Slovanians at that time.MT: So did you go down to the Slovanian days this summer? AK: Uh-huh.MT: Did they do lots of dancing and singing? I didn't getdown there.AK: They did. They done some singing. Not a lot but they donesome dancing. They had an orchestra that played polkas. It was nice. Really nice. Beautiful day and a lot of people.MT: Do you go to the one in Salt Lake?AK: No I've never been.MT: Well Annie, is there anything else you'd like to sharewith us?AK: Now, there's so many things I can't remember that you askme.MT: What was the favorite time in your life? I'll ask youthat question. What was the best part of your life?AK: I think going to school. I think going to grade school was the best part. From the first grade I think was thebest part.MT: That's interesting. You really loved that part.AK: Course high school was nice too. But I think grade schoolwas the best part.MT: That's wonderful. And today you're still working in thestore and the store is still going pretty strong. Aren't 23
 ANNE KOSEC they?AK: Uh-huh.MT: The only store left open. One of the few home ownedstores in Carbon County.AK: Yeah, that's true. It's true.MT: And you've been open, you've been in business. HasWorkman's been in business as long as you have? Workman'sMarket?AK: I don't know. They've been in business a long time. Iknow that. Cause Louie has a boy worked for Workman's.It's been there a long time.MT: So we still have two very early businesses still goingstrong.AK: There isn't anybody else, not in town, that I know ofanyway.MT: Well, I want to thank you for doing this interview. Ifyou can think of something else you would like to sharewith us, please do.AK: Yeah. I will cause so many things you ask me know I wishI knew. You know. You made me think about these things. MT: Ah that was great Annie.[END OF INTERVIEW]24