       II2..3~5,30 31-..13
  Howard Browne 9-16-83 second interviewHB --in the city and during the school years.L Sothat's from the age of twelve en, you were doing thatcommuting.HB Well, let's see. Well, I was either 11 or 12, somewherearound there. I think I -I might have been 11.L wOuld you tell me your impressions of Carbon County downthere and of the way the Black people live down there. ATthe time you were there, early time.HB Well, the first time I came to (Arbon County, my motherwasliving in a coal mine camp out in Helper, called Rains. R-A-I-N-s. And there were, oh, several oh, Iwould say about 20 Blacks that were living there, working in the coal mine. And. The way ~ey .got out here. The Coal Mine Companiessent for them from some of the Southern Coal mine statesto come out here to break a strike in 1923- And that'sthe way most a them got out here in the beginning. Andthen they would drift from one coal mine camp to theother. And there were 10 or 15 Black families - Black people living in Helper. And none in Price that I knowof at the time. There were several living in the coalmine camp below Rains, called tooter.And therewere several living overin Castle Gate, working in thecoal mine over there. And several in coal mine campcalled Kennelworth- And all of these are in Carbon County. And then there were oh 20 or 30 living - working in the mine called Mo , Utah. That's on the way to Hiawatha.I think that's in Emery County. L Is that M-0-R- {HB M-0-H-R-L-A-N-D
. , . . . . . . . _ . . . . . . _ _ _~ - - - ~ - - - - - · -Howard Browne 9-16-8 3 s1:2 LHBWhat do you remember of that coal camp, when you first came to live.What I remember? Well, all of the Black people lived up on the far end of the coal mining camp, in bunk houses. And most of the white people, they lived in homes down below the bunkhouses. Bunkhouses were close to the mine. And theyhad a post office there. And a company store. Where all the miners could trade and then~ pay day, they could paythe company store. They could get anything, pretty near that they wanted to come to the store. And they had a smallschool house, a grade school for the kids. And, that's about all important that I can remember, but miners made good wages in those days. They made pretty good money. And, they had--Between the coal camps. Oh, the coal camps might bes i t u a t e d a h a 1 f mi 1 e a p a r t o r I.a mi 1 e . I - d s a y ma y b e 1 I 2 mi 1 e . Why, there were several saloons, what they call, coffee houses. And these were run mostly by Japanese people- I don't think there were any Japanese 1ived in R i\n_s or worked in Rainsl Cl ·' \ t t Q ( l __.mines, but the next camp down, L~·-To6ter, why they had aJapanese community. They had their own pretty near everything that they wanted just in their own community.How do you spell LeLHB L-A-T-U-D-A.L That's an odd name.HB AHuh. They worked in LATUDA and they had their own black-smith shop where they sharpened their own tools because they weren't satisfied with the way Americans sharpened toolsand stuff, you know. And as I remembered, I enjoyed it as
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:3LHBa kid. I had a lot of white kids that were friends of mine. Not necessarily American white. They were Polish people, Austrians, Italians, not only others in the French. Mostly all through Carbon County, why, it was that mixture of foreigners. Greeks. All of them were real--real friendly. Except {laughs} well, this is during my child - hood, I don't know about the Greek people, but I noticed later when I came back to live down there with my wife, brought my wife back there. I noticed the Greek people kind of standoffish and unfrien9ly that I was {laughs} gettingto the age where I could look at their girls and they didn't want no Black person looking at their girls, you know {laughs} Or their women. But.Did they ~y something to you about ~at? Was something ever said to you?Not by one of them but by some of the other people, likethe Italians or something like that. They said, no, theydon't want 'you fooling with their--their women. AndI noticed, whenever! had occasiontn go to a greek home or_something, why they would always get rid of their women. {laughs} So I never -never knew many Greek girls down there. However, I did have--we did have several what we'd consider pretty good Greek friends but they were through my mother. My mother made friends with several Greek women, later on when we had a farm.So at the beginning when you first went down there with your mother, she didn't have the farm?No.LHB
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:4L HSWhat was she doing for a livelihood at the beginning?Well, she --she remarried and her husband worked in thecoal mines. And then she took in washing and ironing.For the white people in the camp. And some of the Blacks. Someof the coal miner--most of the coal miners -they weren't married. They were just bachelors. And she would wash their clothes. And then she used to make beer and sell beer because they liked beer. And she knew how to make it. She would learn how to make it from a Frenchman. And she would sell that beer. So all in all, and she was a very very thrifty woman. And she saved all be money she could spare. She always saved it.you know. Put it in the bank.you and your mother close to each other?Oh, yes.Did you used to talk to each other pretty openly?Well, yes, when--yeah, whenever we - what little time we had to talk: T~at was during the summertime, after I began commuting back and forth . Oh, yes, we were awfully close.May I ask a personal question here?Ahuh.What happened between you and your stepfather torreke things difficult?Ah, when did I tell you that?The other day. You mentioned it, let's say.Well, in the first place, I didn't want my mother to marry somebody else. And she married him when I was real young, about 11 or 12, you know, around that--through that period. And they married in Colorado. And he brought her on up toL HB L HBL HB LHB L HB
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:SRains. Where he was workingin the coal mines. But. Really, the thing that made it difficult in a way was that we had moved from Rains - that was after I was married - and we came out and we were living in --L You mean living in that dugout.HB No, we weren't on the farm then. We moved down to a miningcamp called Peerless. And that was the first mining camp thatyou came to out of Helper. Now, all thesemining camps that were up from Helper werelocated in an area calledSpring Canyon. Which is just .a canyon up between mountains. And themines were off from there. While we were living there, my mother and my stepfather and me and my wife. Well, one night, my stepfather and mother got to arguing and he took and beat her up. And so, there was an oldman who lived upin LATUDA that I knew had a 45 gun. So I went up and gotthis 45 gun and came back and I was going to kill him. But somebody told him that I'd gone after a gun and then somebody met me. Some~ople met me coming back- And they said, you betternot go down there becuase he's got his gun and he'll kill you. One of you will each other. So. I didn't goback down. So, he knew that I didn't have much use for him and I guess after he knowing that I was going to try to pro- tect my mother, he didn't have bo good a feeling towards me.I mean, we got along all right, but we were kind of waryof each other.L Was your mother all nght after that.HB Oh, yeah. oh yeah. she was allright. But in the meantime,while we were living up there, she had already bought this
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:640-acre place down in Carbonville, which is between Price and Helper. And he was farming this place. And he and she, cause she was interested in farming. because she was from Maryland. I toldyou about my mother living in --And, well he got sick. And when he got sick, why, I was back in Kansas. And so my mother wrote to me and asked meif I would come out and take care of the farm because he wasn't able to take care of it . So I came on out. And thenI sent for my wife to comerut. And then we dug this dug-out and everything to live in.L Just you andyour wife live in it or all of you.HB All ofus lived in it. My brother. My mother. Stepfather andme and my wife. And then finally, why, we had to--My wife and I decided to rent a room from a man that had a farm right next to this. And we could just commute - just walk -it was within waling distance from it--L What was that dugout like during the winter?HB Well, it was real warm in the winter and cool in the summer. L What kept the snows out of it and the winds out of it.HB Well, it was dug down about 10 feet do~r! in the ground.And I imagine it was about as long fromhere to that fence. L Did you put a roof on it?HB Yeah, we wentup in the moountains and got a great pig pinetree. Put in the center with a pitch. Got smallertrees and laid -- {bus passes}L You said you put a pine tree in the middle of it?HB YEah, a great big pine tree. We hauled down fromthe mountairi-Just like a telephone pole. And we had it raise ron both ends
 Howard BRowne 9-16-83 s1:7so it would form a pitch. And we got smaller trees and laid all next to each other - all through there. And then weput tar paper over these and then we covered the wholething with dirt. And then we had a door. Steps and a doorat the entrance that would go down. And had it covered over. It was nice and warm in the winter. Cool in the summer.L Did you cook outdoors or in.H6 No, had a stove in there with the chimmney coming out. ACooks stove.L Is that a pretty popular way to leave at first, on thoselittle farm dwellingsout there. ARe there alot of people whoqo that? H8 uhuh.L Is that pretty unsuual then.HB Yeah, it was unsuaul because no one else was like that thatI know of. People back east, I think, some of them dug root cellars or something like that and they lived in those root cellars until they could live in their homes. You know whata root cellar is. Where they keep potatoes andstuff like that. I belive that's {clears throat} where one cr t-e ideas came fromAnyway, it was quite an experience because a-1 in theside of the wall, the dirt, why, we had shevles and stuffdug back in where we could put our personal things.L You enjoy doing that.HB Well,I didn't mind it becuse I was young the, you know,I ddidn't mind it. It was quite an experience. {chuckles} L How would you describe yourself at that timein your life?You were in your 20s right?
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:8HB Yeah, I was in my 20s then.L What kind of person were you?HB Hmm. Well, that's a toughie. {laughs} Ah. I guess you might sayL HBL HBI was quite independent to a certain extent. And, ah. Becuase-the reason I say that is because ah one motivation for comingon out here was because I'd fell out with my Dad's people backin Kansas City. And, ah, I swore I never wanted to see any ofthem again. And I was going to get as far away fromthem as I could. And what brought this about was I was married,felt like I wasa man, and yet, and still, they tried treating me like a child. And I resented it. I couldn't do nothing on my own. So I said, well, I'm going to get as far away from them as I can. And if they-- and they were always throwing up to me about wh?t they were doing for me and what they'd given me. And all that. And Isaid,well,I'mgoingtogetasfarawayasI canandifI make it OK I if I don't make it OK, but they can't--won't be able to say that.they did it for me. So, I would call that as a kindof independent attitude.Soundslike you were pretty determined to try it on your own.Ahuh. And I did. I cameout. Of course, my mother helped mea lot. But she wasn't always throwing up to me about what shewas doing for me. And so I made it. I raised four kids. Builtme a home here in Salt Lake. I got this home here now, so Ithink I did pretty --You feel content, with what you did?AHuh. Yes. And, also, I don't think I've got too bad a characterbecause I've always wanted to help other people- And I've helped have . d.1fth"a 1ot of people. I . several skills and I've one a ot o 1ngs for people that I've never charged them anything for it. Or ifI did, why, it would be very minimal.
  Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:9L HBLHB L HB LSo,Sall in all, I think I'm pretty happy and I don't think -- I've tried to be a Christian. And ah I don't think I--- I probably have done people wrong but I've regreted it and never intentionally did anything to any- one that was there. Cause I always like people. But on the other hand, another part of my disposition is thatI don't want anybody to do anything to me.To hurt you?Yeah, don't do nothing to hurt me. Takes quite a bitto make me angry but once I get angry, why, that's been kind of a story of my life -- I try to keep from getting angry but once I get angry, I could--go crazy...You mean you hold it in for so long..YeahWhen it comes, it really bursts?Ahuh. That maybe from my Indian ancestry, I don't know. Did you hav~ much cause to be a~gry when you were downin Carbon County in those days? HB· Oh.L When you were farming.HB Well, there were several occasions whereI had-- I hadoccasion to be angry. When we were living thereon the farm. Why, I'd farm in the winter time and then Iworked in coal mine in the summer time-- I mean. I worked on the farm in the summer and then in the winter, why, I'd get a job in the coal mine. And I remember on occasion, we were in the mine and an Italian guy--hewas working on the machine. And, they -- in the coalvein, why every once in a while, they'd hit a real hard rock with the machine and it would dull the bits and every-
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:10thing, well, what they had call this rock was a "nigger head." A "nigger head rock." So, he, ah, -- We went down to the main entrance to eat our lunch and ah he was talking and he said, by god, I hit that damn "nigger head" rock up there and -- No, he said, "I hit thatdamn nigger head. and Dulled mybits and everything"And then he turned around to me and he said, "Oh, excuseme Howard, I wasn't talking about you." And I said, "Well, that's the only thing that made it bad." I said, "Ifyou hadn't had said a damn word to me, why, everything wouldhave been all right." I said, "But I know I knew you weren't talking about me because if you had been talking aboutme why then you and me wouldhave been tearing up this main entrance here."So he had made me mad when he referred to it youknow because. I mean, when he was talking about it, why,heck, all the rest of the guys, they'd been talking aboutL HB L HBthem all the time. But when he turnedaround to me andpicked me out, he said, "Oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't talking about you." See thatwas pointing right at me then, thatsthe way I took it-Kind of testy.Yeah. So, that was one occasion-What bcame of that? Did anything come after those words? Oh, no, no-Everything .. That was it. If he had-- I didn't pursue the conversation and if he had pursued it, why,I mean, if he had said something like, well,now, if that's the way you're going to takeit, why, so and so- and so and so, why, then me and himwould have been in it see. He didn't say any more. so. I let it go.
   Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:11L You know, the tough thingsabout those days hearing you talk about it is that the racist vision of people was in the very language they were talking casually. It would be had to know when to take a stand and when not to. Is that a problem for you?HB Well, I always was one that kind of weighed out--weigh things out. Iwould look at something before I'd jump, you know. And I remember over in Price one time, why, now Price. Price was just the same as being in a different place altogether. Because there wasn't any Blacks that lived overthere. Finally, one Black couple moved in there. Didn't any Blacks live over there. And they were very prejudiced over there.L Was that mostly Mormons in Price?HB Mormons and Catholics. More of a white element. I mean,L More the white than the foreign.HB Yeah. And it was quite prejudiced over there-You cou1dn'tstay at any of the hotels. Youmight find one place one place over there that you could go and eat. But, ah,I used to go over there and go into one of these. They had what they call Pool halls. Over there. Where you couldgo in and buy beer. And buy liquor if you want. And then they gambled. Play cards. While we were sitting. I was sitting down playing cards at a table, and there was atall Mexican fellow. He was playing cards there too.And, ah, there were several other people there. And this Mexican fellow, he was a bad guy. But he treated everybodyfine. But this one guy, he didn't know that this Mexican
    Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:12{laughs} was a real bad guy. {chuckles}. And ah something came up in the card game that this Mexican had said some- ting to him an die said, do you know who you're talking to? He says, You're talking to an American White Man.And so this Mexican fellow just said real low, hesays, "I'm just as much of an American as you are."And so this guy says, "Yau can't be as much American asme as Black as you are." And the ~y never said no more because I knew he was hot then. Well, he done made me hot then. I said, "Hell, you can't be as much American as he nore me." I said, "I come fromthe Cherokee tribe. Andyour people came over here and took this country away from us. So how in the ~11 are you going~ be as much American as me or him?" Humm. Well, he saw I was hot so he never said no more, because I was ready to tie into him.And I didn't want this-- And this Mexican I knew, always carried him a pistol or a knife. And I knew he had'a killed him right there if they had got into it. Well, justincidence like that. Just hatred and prejudice on thepart of some of those people. But I know up in Helper, why, it was altogether different. We had. My wife and I used to go up every Saturday night to dances. Bcause the miners would get together and have a dance, kind of let their hair down on weekends~ you know, on Saturday nights. And we had beer and wine. {interruption} Wine andsome of them would bring their- Well, the Austrians, they'd bring their type of wine. And the Italians, they'd bring their type of wine. What they call Dego Red. And Austrian
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:13white wine. And. There might have been a few Greeksthat had come there, but I don't remember any of them.And if they came, why, {laughs} you bet your life, their women didn't dance with a Black person. But, then ~hey'd bring native sausages and balony and-- cheeses and stuff like that. And, oh, we'd have a ball. Just stay there until 3, 4, 5 o clock inthe morning. And dance all that time.And they had a-- ah, little combo. They had one of them accordian. One guy, one young fellow, played a clarinetand then they had violins and stuff, you know. We really had a great time. But nothing like that everhapped inPrice {laughs} uhuh. So, that's about.L What was it like working in those mines?HB It was hell. The ~ason I moved away from there with my family when I started raising a family, moved away fromthere up here as soon as I could. Because I said, I'm not going to raise my kids up in no coal mine camp. Causethey might want to work in a coal mine. And everytimeyou walked into a coal mine, you neverknew whether youwere going to see the daylight again. So many ways to get killed. So. I just said, I ain't going to bring my kidsup in a coal mine camp. And, the element in a coal mine camp so many of the people were criminal element and stufflike that. And they - It wasn't a good environment forkids.L Did you ever have any close calls yourself?HB In the mine? Oh, yes. We were working in the mine that Iquit from. We were working h the mine that had a vein a
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:14of coal about that high. L A four feet?HB Ah, it might have been about 4 feet in some places. But we had to--to get up to the rooms, why we had to bend overlike this to get in there And then when we'd get up in there, why, we'd work on our knees. And we had kneepads and we worked on our knees. But anyway, the main hallage way, the main what theycall the main entrance,why, they had blown out enough rock from either the bottom or the top to make enough room so that you could walk along there. And they made it so they could haul this, haulthis coal out the hallage way, you know. But the roomsof the mine ah went off from the main entrance, yousee.L How big were those rooms?HB Well, the rooms were about, usually about as wide as fromthatlittle ~all over there to this wall-L Good size. Big size.HB Ahuh. And, every mine, they leased this property from eitherthe state or the government because everythingon the ground, why it's owned bythe state or government. And when theytake out a lease, why their lease would run so far, they'd survey it, you know. And ~ey knew how far to runthese rooms. Well, whenthey ran these rooms, in betweeneach room might be tfue same distance.L That is how wide they were?HB Ah, in between each room, that would -- They'd leavethat solid coal and then they'd drive the room on up as far as they're supposed to drive it. And then they'd come back to the main entrance and maybe be driving some more
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:15rooms off about that distance apart.L They'd be driving those roomsoff the main corridor?HB Yeah. And then after they got to the end of their leasedproperty, why then they would start getting this coalout between these rooms. Which they called pillars. L I get you.HB And they wouldhave to -- they would put timbers in there to try to hold, hold up the rock to keep it from falling too fast, you know, as they pulled these pillars back. Well, this incident that I'm talking about now. We were plling the pillars back and had gotten almost to the main entrance. And the superintendent of mine, he was an Englishman. Andhe was always in there. And he was sitting, he was back behind us and I was up in front. Throwing this coal back to the dher guys. And they would just throw it back from each other, you know.L You're throwing it by hand?HB No, by shovel.L Shoueling?HB Yeah. And then they had a conveyor there that theywere shoveling it into that was taking it to--that would take it to the cars and load it up. But. any~ay, I'dworked inthe mine long enough to know something aboutthe mine. ~nd I knew that around noon and around 12 o'clock at ight is therrost dangerous time in a mine. Andit was around noon and I kept watching the roof andthe floor. And cracks start coming in the roof, in the - rock, you know. And then cracks started coming in the
 HowardBrowne 9-16 - 83 s1:16L HBL HBfloor and that's what they call "working" a The mountainwas working. Andyou can tell by the sound and by the way it's popping and everything, so pretty soon, why Igrabbed my shovel and started out towards the main hallage way and so, superintendent says, what's the matter? And I said, well, I'm coming out of there becuase this thing's coming in pretty quick. And he says, Oh, that won't come in before tomorrow. And I said, Well, tomorrow,I ain't going to be up there. I'm coming on out of here now. And so the other guys that were around there, they said, well,we're coming out too. If Howard's coming out, we're coming out. He said, OK, ;et's break it off, let's go eat our lunch then. And while we were sitting there eating our lunch, ~at whole thing came in, covered up all the machinery, the maine and the drills. And everything. And I said, you son of a bitch, you tried to get me killed. I said. You can have your mine. This is the last day.That's close.He might not have, but, I still think that son of a gun tried to getme killed. Either that or hewas just so greedy for coal, that he wanted to take the chance, you know,just take a chance. And that whole thing came in there. What made the hours from noon & midnight so dangerous? Well, it's a funny thing. AND, VERY FEW PEOPLE BELIEVEit. But, that's whenthe tides of the ocean come in. Andthe tides, whenthey come in, they move these mountains up - here. That'shard to believe {laughs}.
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s1:17L You mean, they have some effect?HB Oh, yes. You betcha. The tides of the ocean cause somekind of movement of the mountains. And it's not noticeable, you know, on the ground. Or anything like that. But, it's noticeable in be mine.ends side one begin side twoHBmmm. Let's see. {sighs} , I had a lot of close calls but I just. I've been around around in there when a rock would fall out of the ceilingor something. And the rock could fall on you and smash you. And then·I've been coming out of the mne when they were maybe dragging a trip of cars out. And if you couldn't find a wide enough place to keep one of themcars from hitting you, why you were subject to get killed.Did you you~self seepeople get injured that way?Well, I didn't see myself. But I know of a man thatworked down there. He was --he must have been working a different shift or something. And, he got caught that way. He got caught by those cars?Yeah. He was an elderly man. He got killed.Now, what do you mean? Those cars were coming down the rail--Yeah, they had a motor. They had an electric motor on them. And they'd have 8 or 10 of these smaller cars that carrytwo or three tons of coal, each one of them, you know. And this motor pulled them on out of the mine. Out· to what they call a tipper where the dump the coal in the big railroadL HBL HB LHB
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:18cars. And they had quite a few wide enough spaces but --for you to get to--but if you didn't get to oneof them when this trip was coming out, well, you were in trouble.L So you could get crushed, you're saying.HB Oh, yeah.L When you were working in the mines, what was the mostcommon kind of accident that you saw guys getting into? HB WEll, actually, I never saw a man get killed.L But I mean in terms of accidents, maybe just someonegetting hurt. Did people get hurt often?HB Mm. Let's see. They were always getting hurt, but.L Let'snot say common. How did people get hurt?HB Well, sometime the machinery that they were using forinstnane. When they. When they were running. You take the machine men, fur instance- When they were running the machine. Or they had what they call a in a bar. It\Aasn't quite as big around as this. And it had two--at the end of it it had two points.Points like that. And then down on the bottom, it had two points. What they did was take-- pick a hole in the rock. And then pick a hole down there and then set that Johnson bar in thereto hold the chain, holdthe chain off of the machines. Cuase they had to have something to anchor that machine when it was ying into making a cut in fue coal, see. This great big machine with allthese teeth around it,you know. And the blade on it was - longest from here to the wall.L about 7 feet long?
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 sl-,:19HBL HBYeah. 6 or 7 feet. And that's - and it was flat. About like that and about that wide. And had all these teeth going around.Circular.. A circular saw.Yea. And it would go in under the coal there, see. But it had tohave this anchor back here. This big Johnson bar. And then they had another Johnson bar over there to hold another chain so the machine man could guide it, whichever way he wanted to guide it. Well, sometimes, them Johnson bars would get loose. What with all that pressure and stuff on it. Why, it would fly through the air- Andif it hita man, he's dead, see.{Break} Gethurt, or get killed.Ah, during the time ~at they would be blowing this coal down. After they made the cut, all the way across, why then the drillers. They wouldbe in there, drilling holesto put the dynamite in to blow all that down. Well,when the man that was giong to blow it down. He gotready to blow it down. Why, he had wires run realsmall wires running all along the floor there. And then he would get offin a place to set this dynamite off. Well, if someone happened to be in ~ere who didn't know he was ready to set it off, and - of course, he's supposed tosay FIRE IN THE HOLE. You know. Well, he might not hear him- And if ·~0 ~e in ,:there doing something, why, then, you might be in trouble. And then there was always the_ danger and thought of an explosion. Mine explosion. Methane gas. And a lot of things could - well, ~e oost
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:20L HBcommon thing that would set it off wouldbe water pumpsthat they have in the mines. See, they have water down in most of the mines. Andthey have to pump, keep that water pumped wt. And those pumps are run by electricity. Well,a spark might go off. The pimp might short or somethingand there maybe a pocket of methane gas there. And if there is, why, then you've got an explosion. See, that's what happened down therein one of the mines, called Castle Gate. And it was the worst- worst mine explosion in the state. And I think one - 150 or 200 miners got killed h that explosion.Where were you when that explosion took place?I wasn't -- I wasn't down there at that time. I was backin Kansas. I wasn't down there at that time- That was be-fore my mother even came out there. But. Everybody always talked about that explosion. I know where it was. I sawIn fact, I went. When I moved out here, why, my mother was showing me where the explosion was. But, and--some of the trap doors are still laying around, they blew clear outof the mine. Iron steel doors.Sounds to me like after every day of work inthe coal mines,you'd be somewhlat grateful you werealive.YEah, that's right. Like I say, why, when you went in htemines in the moring, usually • Duringthe mining season which was nthe winter time, when you went to work, it was dark. Cause you'd go to work at 7 o'clockin thermrning,· you know, and it was dark. And, you'd quit at 3 and you'dgo in in the dark and never know whether you~re going to seeLHB
   Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:21dayligyt again or not. {chuckles}.L Did m'ost of the men fee1 that way?HB Well, some - Someof them might have felt that way.But, most of them had worked and that's all they knew was workingin the mine. And sometimes I think they got to like it. And I think that's the way most of thereal bad accidentsh3ppened. Was with minders that were so experienced and lost their fear that they just took chances. Because I've always said, ah, a scared person in a mine, he ain't going to get hurt very easily.And I was scared {both laugh}. Yes, see, I've seena lot of them just take such chances. Yeah. I saw one miner - he-- He come right near getting it- But, usuaully and experienced iner, when he goes - When he would go in the room that he was working in, he would . Ofcourse, this is different mine. I worked in a different mine. I worked in several mines. But this mine - it hadan 8 foot vein of coal there. So you could just walk all aroun.d And fue usual proceudre when you went in your roomto work why, before you did any work, you'd takeyour pick handle and go long all along the roof and sound it. See if there were any loose rocks- Andyoucould tellby the sound of it whether it was loose. Andif it;s loose, why pull it down.L comeright down on you?HB YEah- I mean, you take your pick andpull it down so itwouldn't fall on you, you know.
  Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:22L HBI see what you're saying.And I've seen some, those old miners why they'd go in there and wouldn't even sound nothing, wouldn't even sound itup there. And~ on occasion when I went in, an older miner, he hadn't sounded the thing. And I went along there and sound it. Right behind him~ this great big hunk of rock came down. {laughs} Just missed him that close. Andthat mine, like I say, I was talking about explosion. That mine, they had the water pumps at night. And it didn't explode. But the mine caught on fire. And, I imagine that coal is still burning. They tried to seal it off with cement and stuff like that. But, that mine, that coalwas still burning. Here it is atlest 15-20 years ago, it was still burning. I imagine it's still burning, becuase they couldn't put it out. And then another experience I had with coal mining, in 1935 -34, somewhere around there, why, there was a guy got a leaseon some coal property. What they call Horse Canyon. And that was on the way to Green River. About I guess itwas about 50 or 60 miles from {pause} where I lived.And, the guy that got the lease, why, he got in touchwith me-In some kind of way, we got together. And so,I didn't have no job so I went on out there with him.And he showed me what he had going and it wasn't nothing but a prospect hole. See, outcropping of coal, why you can see it on the outside, you know. and then you dig in a little ways and see if it might be a pretty good vein of coal.LWhat would you seeon theoutside?
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:23HB Just black.L Just black rock?HB Yeah. Crumbly. Black crumbly rock and sometimes whereyou would see it it would be just about that wide. But if you dig back ina ways, why, then, it kept getting wider. so.L So you did right back from that spot.HB Yeah. Actually, what they call that, when you just dig alittle hole in there, why they call that a "dog hole." They call it a dog hole. So I went out there with this guy and he was going to ~ke a wagon mine out of it. So, he hired me and he hired two or three other guys. Andso we ram. We went into the side of a mountain and made ---and entrance way and kept driving back and found out theyhad a real good vein of coal. 8 or 9 feet. So, he got loans from different places. So he finally put up a t_i~p~--~so the trucks could come in there and haul the coalout mthere cause therewasn't any railroad up in there.And then he got some cars to load the coal in and a trackfor these little cars. But each one of these cars held 4ton- 4 tons of coal. So we drove this main entry onback in, oh, quite a ways. And then he set up a little commissary and kind of a camp there. And he was borrowing money all the time. Of course, he had a contract with American Fork Motor Company down there in American Fork sold Fordcars. And they were also in the coal business. And theysent trucks out there to get coal, so, he just--He wasable to get enough money to operate. And he kept--he kept
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:24hiring somebody else every once in a while . So it finally got to thepoint in '36 that he couldn't pay nobody.Mostof the time, anyway, we were takingit out in trade at the Commissary for food and stuff like that, you know.So he couldn't pay anybody so the men -- All of us were Union men, you know, So we finally called in District Representative and toldhim all about everything. Andhe said, well, theonly thing we can do is strike him.So they called a strike. So in the meantime, why, heowed me 3 or 4 hundred dollars. So I foundout about him trading his coal up herein American Fork and Motor Co.So I went to the office. To this little office here andhad him make me out a requisition for what he owed me to American Fork Motor Co. So I wentup to American Fork andgot me a brand new 1936 Ford~ with his requisition.Didn't know how I was going to pay for it, the rest ofit, you know, but this was just the downpayment. But tomake a long story short, they closed him up. And a longabout 1939, was when this - all these war rumours weregoing around and everything. And about 19--let's see, yeah,I think it was around '39 or 1940, Kaiser, you know Kaiser? Kaiser took over all that ~operty, that coal property because he knew, I guess. He knew that they were going to needcoal and everything else. So, he took it over and he had thenoney. So he had a railroad put up there. Had an electric power line and allthat stuff. And all themodern equipment and everything. And, it was one of the biggest mines inthe state. L No kidding.
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:25HB L HBLHBAnd, I workedon that from a god hole, started it.You stayed with k after KAiser took over it, for awhile. Oh, no, no, no. I was up here in Salt Lake, then.Cause I came up to Salt Lake in •39.Let me ask you, when did that-the hanging, the lynching take place. When did that take place~ Carbon County? Now, that. I don't know. I-ah, don't know no dates.All I know is mostly hearsay. Part of it is through my mother. And she showed me - well, it all started from- Now, the way I remember the story. I'll just tell you the story~ the way I remember it. Um. There were Black people living, bachelors, living up in Castlegate.And there were 2 guys batching together and one of them was having trouble with the Town marshall- Andit got so bad that they said this guy told the Town MArshall. He sai, Now thi next time we meet, you be ready because one -of us is going to be killed. A-d sure enough, they met under the Tip . And this Black guy killed the Town MArshall.What's a tipple.Tipple's wgere they haul the coal out in, in these little cars and where they dump them in these railroad cars.And so he killed ram. And he took off to the hills. Iused to know his name, but I've forgotten his name. He took off f.or the hills and in the meantime, they got a posseout for him and they were hunting for him all over. TheyL HB- couldn't find him, but he got hungry and tired and sleepy
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:26and he thought that he couldcome back to where he was batching with this other guy and get a little rest and get something to eat so he could go on again. But as itso happened, he laid down and when he laid down, he fell asleep immediately and while he was asleep, his partner went and got the posse. And they~me and got him whilehe was laying there asleep. So then they took him overto Price, right 01 the outskirts of Price and that's where the lynching took place. And I know the guy's name that turned him in. In fact,he's got two kids here. They're grown men now here in Salt Lake. I'm not going to call their name . But anyway, that's what my mothertold me ~out it. Cause no Black people went out to this lynching. You know, that {half-laughs} figures. But.the rest of the story, my wife got. Here she comes now. Therest of this story, my wife got from the manager ofthe Country ·Club Golf Course. Our farm, 40-acre farmjoined this golf course and it had a country club there. And my wife worked at the country club. And the way he told her. He said, he was a young fellow at the time when they had the lynching. He said, he was at the lynching. Andhe said, he never was so sorry of anything in his life. Because they took and cut his head, this man, hangingthere and was cutting his fingers and toes off and throwing them to the kids and everything that was around there.As souvenirs. It's the only mention I really am familiar with- -I don't know whether any more happened or not, butI was rather closely connected with that.Becau~e I knew
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:27the man's name. Like I say, I've forgotten it. And then what my wife. What they told~ wife. And what my mother told me.L People continue to talk about that for a long time?HB Well, they would talk quietly about it. Every once in awhile when {interuption}L So you say people talked about it quietly.HB Well, if theytalked about it, they talked abdu[ it veryquietly. And.L What was ever done--HB I wen tout there--I went out there and my mother, I thinkit was, showed me thetree that they hung him from. L What was ever done about it, do you know?HB There wasn't anything done about it, that I know.Nothing that I know of. I guess they thought that's what's supposed to done to a Black person who kills a white per- son.L IS that man who's at the coun-ry club. Is he still alive? HB No, he's not alive. But his-- And I don't think hiswife's alive. But I think they ahd a daughter and shestill lives n Price. I think it's his daughter. Some relation. L What was his name?HB {laughs} Oh, boy. My memory. It was so many years ago.L What effect did that have on you, hearing about that?Do you remember how you felt about it then?HB Well~ I didn't feel no differently about - than I hadbeen feeling. I had a lot of hatred in my heart forfor the system. The white system. BEcause where I lived in Kansas City, Kansas, why _the Ku Klux Klan, they would
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:28go around to Black neighborhoods, trying to scare them and everything. Then herein Utah, down in Carbon County, why they used to burn crosses on top of the mountains every once in a while.I was telling him {Leslie} -he was asking about this lynching and I was telling him all I knew I heard from my mother and maybe several other people. But I told him thatyou had heard a first hand account from those people up the country club. Now, do you remember what their name was?Wmn I know what his name was. His name Glenn Nelson. But as far as remembering, all the details of what he told me, I can't remember that.L That's not necessariy to remember allthe details--- Wmn Because that'sbeen quite a few years ago.L Let me ask you something. Why did he tell it to you?What made him tell you aout it.Wmn Oh, I don't know. You see, there wasn't very manyBlack people in that vicinity. And, - There wasn't very many Black people in that vacinity and for some reasonor another, when there isn't, they form their ownopinoins from what theyve heard about Black people. You know, being lazy or dirty and all this sort of stuff.Well, see, like, we just got to talking about Black people after I had worked for them for awhile. And we just got into a conversation about it. Andhe was telling me about the lynching that had happened.L What did he tell you approximately. Do you remember?
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:29Wmn No, I can't. Except the gory idea of you know letting people even see the thing happen. And no restrictions on how came, kids or what not. And then aterwards, why, the proceedings of takinghis finger and toes and passing them rut as souvenirs.L Mr. Browne was saying that the man who toldyou about it and he felt sorry.Wmn He said that he'd left the scene becauseit was just too gory. So that's 40-some odd yers, that's a littlebit long to remember, you know, details.L Has he died?Wmn Y es.L How long ago did he pass?Wmn Oh, I imagine he's been died around 10 or 15 years.HB Didn't he have a daughter down there? {yes} She's stillin Price. Wmn YEah.HB Is her last name the same as his?Wmn No, not now. Her name's Binaca--Bianca I think her lastname is. I had her first name-keep it down here {looks}I can't think of her first name right now.HB You got her name in the phone book, don'tyou iny~ur littlebook? tdmn No.HB Cause we got her address several years ago and went by to see her.Wmn I can't remember her first name. I think her father wasin the banking business.L Thatwould be a connection --
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:30L Did that incident stay in your mind, and talking to you about it.Wmn Well, at that time, I was quite young. And, not having ever seen aything like that, you could't really associate with it. Really. And all of this had to go through during our life time, why, at that time, it just didn't --didn't penetrate that much. And not having ever seen anything like that. It just didn't seem real.L It seemed far away from your own life.Wmn A h u h .L What does it look likenow when you think about it, 40years later. Does it seem?Wmn Well, it's very upsetting, very upsetting to think aboutit now. And to thiink about what I might have done atthat time instead of you know just sitting in back andand thinking of it as just an incident. Why, I thinkit wouldhave been a different situation now. Even withthe few Blacks that were there at that time, I don't think that they would have sat by and seen it happen like that. Now.L Do you think anything couldhave been done with what youhad heard then. Could you have taken it to some authorities? Could you have - was there anything--Wmn Now you probably could- Since 1963.HB HE meant then.L I meant do youthink somebody else couldrave done somethingwith wha- you had heard? then.
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:31Wmn L Wmn HBAt that time, do you mean?Yes, would it have been~ssible to do something.I don't think so. I don't think so.Well, ~ere's one thing that you asked her what did shethink about at that time. Well, now, myself, duringthat time when I was hearing this stuff and when I heard what this man had told her, there was an incdent downSouth where -where was it in the south. Well, anyway,this young boy went to see his family, some of his relatives. And he was from Chicago. And he went down there and went to a grocery store. And he must rave said some- thing to this white girl in the grocery store. That herDad or uncle or something overheard it. And he had been usedto associating with white people up in Chicago• I mean, you know, talking to them without getting into a wholelot of trouble. But anyway, they took that boy out this guy and his relatives took that boy out and lynched him. And weighted his body down and threw it in the riverthat was running through there. And that'sthe Emmet Till case. Well, when I heard about that, they came in his ucnle's house where he was staying. And I remember saying, during that time, I can;t see how that uncle would let anybody come in thereand drag anyone - drag one of his relativesout of his house. Becuse if he had come to my house, all hell would ~ve broke loose. And I would have been ·shooting now.But that wasn't the case.But it impressed me. I mean, at that time, those kinds of things. Thre were alot of thingshapepning in those days.Wmn HB
 Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:32L HB L HB WmnAnother bunch, There were 5 Blacks on a freight train and this whitewoman was on the freight train. And, she hollered rape. Or somethingand they put allthose boys in the penand they were talkingabout killing them. And that happened right through that time. And we out here in Utah were raising money for their defense.The Scottsborough?YEah.You ~re raising money for their defense?Oh, yes, we took up a lot of money.But that, wasn't like this case. You see. Because evenif they--if he had raised any cane about it, all it would have done was kill him, see.YEah, but what I was trying to tell him.HBWmn I supposed to have turned him in. They wouldn'tlWmnLWmnhave done anything kill him- So, there wasn't any point in anybody raising any caine about it. Because it jsut meant their death warrant too-The guy WO had tol ~OU·No, I'm talking about how I feel -felt-feel about it.Thre wouldn't have been any reason. Not any reason but any thing that they could have rally done. Because they couldn't have gone to the authorities in any way.Do you think if you had gone to the authorities when you heard it, that you wouldhave been hurt?Of course, of course. In that time, if I had said oneword about it negatively, of course I would have been· hurt.I'd a probably been put on a freight train and railroaded out of twon. Anything.
 Howard BRowne 9-16-83 s2:33L WmnL Wmn HBYou sure a bout that.OH, I'm sure about that.Cause I know the town.Talking about Price-And the surrounding territory.Yeah, because we used to. Myrrother and I and my brothers, before I was married. We went down in Southern Utahone year to go into a lake to do some fishing. And wehad stopped at a filling station and I was walking aroundthe @rand checking the car and I saw all these-sawthese kids1.,wa1kinga'ound behind me and t13en they were callingotehr k~as over. And they kept walkingaround inback of me, looking and goingon- So I asked my mother, I said, What's the matter with them kids? What are they looking at? She said, Well, the Mormons teach that Black people have got tails- They're descended from the monkeyand they've·got tails and they've got horns. And they're trying to see where your tail is. {laughs}. Now that was down in Southern Utah. Then when we moved up hereto Salt Lake, there was one incident, just to show youhow thepolice dept . There's a night clubright across from the Union Pacific Depot, black nightclub and they were-came in to raid t~at nightclub one night- Andthe Captian of the police, he was there with them. And I was up in there. And the guy that they were after, they got him- And one of thepolice officers says, you better watch him, he might have a knife and cut you. He says,. if he does, we'll kill every nigger here in Salt Lake. And he said it so everybody could hear it. So, see that's the atittude thatthey had- Now, this is thepolice dept.s
   Howard Browne 9-16-83 s2:34And tahtwas during the 40s.L Not so long. Duringthe war years too. Wasthatduringthe war years?HB Well, it might have been the beginning of the war years,yeah.L I think I'd like to take a pause today -- talk later. HB OK- I'll ~llyou one thing, when we moved fromCarbonCounty up to Salt Lake, we thought we were in different country.end of tape