 FRED VOLL Helper, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project No. 7A pril 13, 1982American West Center University of UtahMarriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 FRED VOLLAPRIL 13, 1982Table of ContentsWorld War I and Background Information SteamboatingThe 1922 Strike .The Move to Soldier Summit1 10 19 22 32 33 40 Geographical Layout of the Railroad in Eastern Utah . 45Jobs on the RailroadFounding and Employment at The Helper Museum Railroad Boom and Bust in Helper
 THIS I S AN INTERVIEW WITH FRED VOLL, CURATOR OF THE HELPER MUSEUM, I N HELPER, UTAH. THE DATE I S ON APRIL 1 3 , 1 9 8 2 . THE INTERVIEWER IS NANCY TANAGUCHI. THIS IS FOR THE CARBON COUNTYCOAL MINE ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.NT: Fred is presently known for being the curator and prime mover behind the Helper museum. He is also one of the few World War I veterans still living in Carbon County, although he originally came from elsewhere. Now, Fred, tell me when you came to Carbon County?FV: Come down here?NT: Yes.FV: Permanently we moved down here the first day in Novemberin 1930.NT: Oh yes? But you had been here before huh?FV: Oh yes. We use to come down here on Saturdays you know,to go to the dance out at the old Rainbow, and-- NT: Oh really?FV: Yes.NT: Where are you from before?FV: We come from Soldier Summit here. I was up there sevenyears, and prior to that I was in Salt Lake a little while, and up at Ogden. That is as far as Rio Grande is concerned.NT: Yes. I was going to say, you must have been working for the railroad.FV: Thirty-two years, for the Rio Grande, and then I put in. I originally started with the UP [Union Pacific] .NT: Yes.
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: I won't tell you why I quit.NT: When did you start with UP?FV: Oh, it was in 1914, now I can remember that it was in thetomato season.NT: Why do you remember that?FV: I don't know. I'll tell you why. I was working in thecanning factory at the time, and we were putting uptomatoes. NT: Oh.FV: And I got a chance to go on this job, and I did, and then I quit later.NT: What did you do on the Railroad, the first job?FV: Firing.NT: Yes. How old were you then?FV: Well I don't know Nancy, I was twenty-one so long that Iforgot, I'm not kidding you. I was in the Navy, and we were out at Manila.NT: When?FV: In 1917, and I woke up and I was, I don't know whatbrought it on, but I said, "My God, today is my birthday I'm twenty-one years old!"NT: Oh Fred. So how long did you work for the UP?FV: Well all the time, time off you know, for military, whichthey gave us and everything, was about eight years. NT: Yes.2
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: I had fifty years all together.NT: In Railroading?FV: Yes.NT: So how long did you have to take off to go in the Navy? FV: Lets see, ---?--- asked me the same thing, I think hepinned it down to, I went in, I went in on a regularenlistment, you know. NT: Yes.FV: After the war was over, Congress passed a bill that everybody who wished, who had enlisted between certain dates , could change to DOW.NT: What is that?FV: Duration of War.NT: I see.FV: Well I was in there, let's see, I went in there the 7thof June in 1917, and I got paid off in Salt Lake the 12thof October, that's Columbus Day, isn't it? NT: Yes.FV: 12th, alright, well that's when I quit the Navy. NT: When in 1917 or 1918?FV: 1919.NT: Oh, in 1919?FV: Yes. You see, I was one of those unfortunate son-of-guns who got sent up to Siberia.NT: You did really?3
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: Yes. we were up there ---?--- stuck for ten months.NT: Oh, geez!FV: During the army, we were up there doing soldiering tenmonths before the armies came in.NT: What, did you fight anybody up there?FV: We almost had to fight one night, another fellow and I. NT: That ' s not what I meant Fred.FV: No really, we were on duty, and we heard a lot ofcrashing noise you know, and we didn't know at that time that they turned their pigs loose in the spring, and let them wander all over the hills. All the hills up in that country were covered with hazelnut bushes, tons of them. That was good pig feed you know.NT: Sure.FV: So we heard this crash and everything, and of course atnight you always lay down because you can see better and ---?--- if you're laying on the ground than you can standing up, and we just got lay down, waiting for the enemy and crash , snorting , and bang-bang and boy, I had pig marks all over my for a month. We had a couple of little ruckuses that didn't amount to anything.NT: Who were you fighting up thereJFV: Well, we were up there when the Bolcheveks first tookover. NT: Yes .4
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: Let's see, Admiral Kolchek, he was the last of the old Imperial Officers, came on our ship one time to see Admiral Knight and he wanted to, at that time we had; American, British, Chinese, Japanese, French and Italian navies represented up there, and I think ever army in the world was up there. And Kolchek wanted the alliedbusiness to back him up. NT: Yes.FV: And keep Russia in tack, but I don't know why they didn't go for it, you see they, he and his ---?--- what they call the White Russians, they were exiled out in outer Mongolia, if you read a lot of history.NT: Yes.FV: They were swell women too boy, I'll tell you. God theywere good looking.NT: Did you ever fight any Bolcheveks?FV: No.NT: Did you ever see any Bolcheveks?FV: Now here's another story that took place up there, a lotof people don't know you know. Czech Slovaks were in the Army by conscription, and they were on the eastern front. Now I'11 tell you what one of t.heir officers told me. The whole gang of them, they decided we've had enough of thissee, Russia caved in on the eastern front anyway, because they were so, hell I talked to a thousand of them up5
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13 , 1982 there, they all tell you the same thing, they get ammunition right from the United States that was loaded with sand, and they would, they would get 6 inch ammuni- tion for 3 inch guns and all that kind of stuff you know, and they had a lot of German Officers believe it or not. Y e s .Well anyway this bunch decided they had had enough. They were going on their own and so they said they didn't want to create any undue disturbance so they grabbed the German Officers, did you ever see rifles with what they call stack bayonets?NT : FV:NT :FV: You take four rifles you know, and you got slings thathook together ... NT: Yes.FV: You put the bayonets on there see, and they would take these fellows one at a time and toss them in the air and let them land on those knives so there wouldn't be any noise. There were, those fellows I think loved to f i ght, but anyway they got out of the Germans side of the business. Russia didn't have anything, they caved in. So they loaded these fellows       the deal was that they were going to send them to ---?---, because to get back on the western front you had to go clear around the world then .No .6
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: Y es.FV: See, there was no fast way to it, and so you know whatthese fellows told us, but anyway they loaded them into cattle cars on the train and hauled them out on the big prairie and left them. That made them mad. They didn't have any guns, they didn't have anything! They didn't even have anything to eat, and so they organized and got as much as they could and they went into, I think the ?--- that was on the Trans Siberian Railway.NT: Yes.FV: And, beyond Lake Baykal(?), and they went in there andthat's when they run into the first bunch of Bolcheveks, and they didn't have anything only clubs and rocks, but they beat the darn Bolchevek Army and took their guns and stuff away from them and when they come in to Vladevostek they had taken 1400 miles of the Trans-Siberian Railroad. I wish I would have known what I was going into. I've got a bunch of postcards that I took up there.NT: Huh.FV: That showed a lot of things, but they, the last stand wasat the postoffice and they nearly cut that building withmachine guns, but they took 1500 prisoners. NT: Oh my gosh.FV: And they took them out there and let them dig their own trench.7
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: Yes .FV: And ---?---NT: Yes. right.FV: That ended that part of it, then, we shipped them fromVladevostek to San Francisco in our Army transport. NT: Yes.FV: And they had a crazy law, you know. Those fellows had a lot of those, they had a lot of those German dogs.NT: Y es. German Shepherds.FV: War dogs.NT: Yes .FV: And they wouldn't let them take them on the ship. NT: Yes .FV: It ' s against the law, you can't do it . Those dogs couldn't talk English, they couldn't understand English I mean, and we only had one man on the Brookland that could talk, what was it, some kind of middle European business that dogs understood anyway, but do you know those dogs will not transport left, those darn dogs got clear up in the bow of that ship of ours as far as they could and they just stood there whining and whining, whining, and nearly all of them starved to death, they wouldn't eat.NT: Oh what a shame. How did you manage to talk to these guys? Did any of them speak English?8
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV:NT:FV:NT: FV: NT:FV:NT: FV:NT: FV:Oh yes1 sure1 and I'11 tell you they thought, they thought that sun rose and set in the Americas. We lost good allies when we lost the Czechs.What happened to them in San Francisco, were they prisoners of war?No, they went back on to go across the United States, and across the Atlantic.Yes.In to France again. Bang, bang, bang.Right, got it. So after you come back from the war, you went on the UP again, right?Well, I thought I would quit railroading, and so I went steamboating instead.Where at?I went down to San Francisco and went to school, and that's when I found out that you could go to school and not have any football games or anything, I'm not kiddingyou now. To learn navigation, you had to have all the higher mathematics.Yes.Plain and solid Geometry, trigonometry, administration, and what's that thing that     have all the numbers and you get the, what is it? Anyway, we go the same course in mathematics in eight weeks that they put out in a class today at the University of California in two years.9
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: Oh my gosh! After that did you still want to go toSteamboating?FV: Oh I did.NT: For how long?FV: Well I had just got started. I made two trips to Honolu-lu.NT: Yes.FV: That was a gravy train, one of those passenger boats ---?---. Lots of nice people.NT: Who did you work for?FV: Well I worked for the United States, what did they callit, USSB's, United States Son's of Bitches! Oh, UnitedStates Shipping Board, that was it! NT: Oh!FV: And Madson leased the ship and the crew we were on, we were on a German ship.NT: Yes.FV: On of the Reparation ships. They were a fast son-of-a-gun! We could go to Honolulu and back, well we could go either of the way, three quarters of a day faster than anything else they had.NT: That's great. What were you        on these trips?FV: Passengers.NT: Just passengers.FV: Oh no, a lot of freight. Gee we would take, well every-10
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982thing, you could buy. You know, merchandise. Coming backwe usually had canned pineapple and raw sugar.NT: Why were the passengers going out there? Were theytourists?FV: Just like you or I, sure, to have a good time.NT: Oh, I see, and how long were you at that?FV: Just two trips.NT: How long did that take?FV: Oh, I don't know, about three months, I think, less thanthat two months.NT: So why did you quit?FV: Well the bottom dropped out of everything. God there wereCaptains out there. Men would carry with Skipper's tickets, trying to get a job as Seaman. Engineers would work as fireman or anything you know, the bottom just dropped out of everything, that was the end. Let's see that was in 1921.NT: Yes. So what did you do?FV: Came back, went on the railroad.NT: I get it.FV: I worked there until the strike in 1922 and then I walkedout and I never went back. I      got married in June andwent on strike in July, lost everything we had. NT: Oh.FV: Had to go back. My wife went to her place, her folks, and 11
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982I went to my folks.NT: Where were your folks then?FV: Ogden.NT: Is that where you're from?FV: Yes. We scrounged around you know, to get two-bit jobshere and there, and of course she had a good job but I had to fool around like you are and (laughter) she had to quit. So, I don't know it was, I was off eight months. Oh a little over eight months, and Jack Richman. My dad had known Jack Richman for years.NT: Who was he?FV: He was a foreman at Ogden for the Rio-Grande. The old mancame home one night, and he said, "I saw Jack Richman today, he says if you want a job go on over there, he'll put you to work."NT: Who was your dad, what was his name? FV: F.W.NT: Same as you?FV: Yes. I'm Jr.NT: Was he on the railroad too, your dad?FV: All his life, he put in 32 years on this railroad.NT: The Rio-Grande?FV: Yes.NT: He practically built it didn't he?FV: Well, he came over here in 1883, and he didn't built it,12
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982but he ran the Pleasant Valley Junction. NT: Oh.FV: He put the first engine in the engine house up there. NT: Did he really?FV: Yes. After it was finished, he and my mother were she--Now this is a funny thing these Richmans were friends, and my mother went to Pleasant Valley Junction to work for Mrs. Richman and that's where she met the old man.NT: What was she doing, working in the house?FV: Housework.NT: Yes.FV: Housework, yes that is all anybody ever knew. NT: Yes. what was your mom's name?FV: Etta, Etta Harris, she came from, lets see I believe she was, yes she was born in Richmond and moved to Plain City.NT: Which state?FV: Utah.NT: Yes. Where was your dad from?FV: Oh God, did you see the piece in the paper the other dayabout the police woman in Springfield, Ohio that made aneight page layout for         NT: No. Yes I did see that, yes I did. What does that have todo with where your father's from? FV: He came from Springfield!13
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: FV:NT: FV: NT: FV:NT: FV:Oh, nice place!Well, Springfield 1ike, you know your northern Ohio country, have you ever been back through there?Yes. I have.Beautiful country.It is.A ll German and the old man's folks came from Germany , and they were mechanics. They brought a machine shop with them.Yes. Gee!And the old man used to laugh, he'd tell about his uncle Louie. He had to have his Schnapp's you know. He would get his Schnapps Friday night and he'd have the gang drill. He was the only one who could operate a gang drill that they brought and all the rest of them didn't know athing about it so Louie had his Schnapps every weekend and the shop was closed from Friday night's until Monday Morning!So how did your dad get on the Railroad out here?I don't know. I don't think that he and the rest of the family, he had a brother Bob. We've got some pictures of him and they got along good, but I don't think that he and the rest of the family clicked and he left. He never went home again until he took us when his mother died. Gee.NT: FV:NT:14
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: We went back there then .NT: What year was that?FV: Oh Lord I can't remember, I was about three years old. NT: You were just a kid then.FV: It was a long time.NT: Yes.FV: And, I can still remember things about that trip.NT: Really?FV: Yes.NT: How did you get back here, on the Railroad?FV: Yes.NT: You got a pass?FV: You know that I never paid for a Railroad ticket in mylife.NT: I believe it.FV: Neither the old man or myself. Yes I can tell you it was a long time ago because they still had those old fash- ioned open vestibule cars, because I wandered out there. What the hell! you got to see what's going on. When the old man found me there I was sitting out on the steps of one of those coaches. You know where I was looking? Way, way out off - --?--- miles,       was a tornado cloud .NT: Golly, I ' ll bet you had never saw one before .FV: And then when we got to this uncle's place where we were staying, why he had hard cider and I can remember my15
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982cousin and myself. We would go down to the basement, open that wooden spigot you know, ---?--- so we over did it a couple of times, we got laid out! They had a little mule, I remember that now and I went out to pet the mule and the son-of-a-gun, he kicked me in the belly and knocked me over. A little baby mule.NT: When you got back, did you come back to Pleasant Valley Junction?FV: Who?NT: You.FV: Oh no, I was born in Ogden.NT: Well when did your dad leave Pleasant Valley?FV: I can't exactly figure it out. I think I'm sure that mymother said that they were there seven years.NT: That is a long time.FV: Yes. Then they sent him to, let's see, Salt Lake first,no Ogden. He was a general foreman at Ogden, up until the time that he, and the reason he quite the Rio-Grande is because they fired him.NT: How come?FV: Well, they had a machinist there they wanted the old manto fire and he wouldn't so      fired the old man and themachinist too. NT: I see.FV: Harry Fisher his name was.16
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: FV: NT: FV: NT: FV:NT: FV:And then he went on the UP, your father?No, he started to work for the OURD then...What is that?Ogden Union Railway & Depot & Co ..Okay.Owned by the Union Pacific and Southern Pacific. And that was another thing, they got these ---7--- Rio-Grande, poor little old Rio-Grande they just had to battle there way every place.That's right.And, I still remember, Rio-Grande built a freight house of their own. They didn't have a track in there. They had to go use part of a switch track with the Union Pacific on it. And you know the UP, the Rio-Grande built up asfar as they could one night, and the next night they went back to finish the job and there was a couple of flat cars and a switch engine hooked to them and the UP shoved off the end of the track!Oh no!Oh yes. They had real battles over there, everything. When were they doing this?Oh, when I was a kid.So give me a year.A year, let me see. It would be when I was in grade school. I was nosy you know, I always had to know whatNT: FV: NT: FV: NT: FV:17
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: FV:NT: FV: NT: FV: NT: FV: NT: FV: NT: FV:was going on. I might be late for school, but... I still remember I could show up for school late, but I could tell the teacher all about the titanic sinking!Good for you!I have to stop at the newspaper. They used to have bulletin boards you know with all this stuff on them, so I had to stop and read everything.What year were you born?14th day of November , 1896.So when this UP and Rio-Grande business was going on? Oh, that was years ago.How old were you?I don't know.Eight?I guess, I was still in grade school.Well you're in grade school until your what 10 or 12?I don't know, let's say I told Edna Romano one time. I said, "Hell you're teaching things to these fourth graders that we didn't get until we were in high school!" Of course in those days we were strong backed and kind of weak in the head. Well I started school when I was, when, they use to take you, you had to be six. I guess around eight years old.Y es.Another morning I started out. You see we had to walk. WeNT: FV:18
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982didn't have any buses hauling us around. I had to walk let me see it was down on lower 21st Street. I had to walk about 5 and a half blocks to go to school, Ogden blocks, eight to a mile. And we had to run home for lunch. I had to run home for lunch until my dad smoked a can of Union Leader smoking tobacco. They were pound cans and they had handles on their lids made lunch buckets!NT: To get back to your days on the UP, how come you stuck against the railroad during that 1922 strike? I thought that was a coal mine strike.FV: Oh, it was. It was a national railroad strike. The shopman.NT: Which one went out first?FV: Darn, I don't know Nancy, the shop crafts, that is themachinists, the boiler makers, and all those fellows went out the first of June and I belonged to the Fireman and Oilers and that took in stationary firemen and shop labors and all that stuff and we didn't go out until the first of July, and that was in 1922.NT: At the time what job were you working?FV: I was firing down there in the Power plant, the depot. NT: What did you strike for?FV: Hell I don't believe anybody knew, because we hadn't beenfrom the IA and the fellow that was the General Chairman for the Union Pacific.19
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: Who is that?FV: His name was Wendall, he lived in Marysvale, Kansas.NT: Yes.FV: He and I, he was one of the National Officers for thisFireman Oiling, and several more. We went to Omaha and we just made a good contract and had a good pay increase, we didn't have a reason on earth, but everybody was going on strike and it was like a fever you know, just like when the war starts, you want to go to war.NT: What was your position in the Union then?FV: I was the Vice-General Chairman for the Union PacificSystem, I could ride all over the UP.NT: The Vice-General Chairman for the Union, of the UnionPacific? FV: Yes.NT: When did you join the Union?FV: Shortly after I got back. I went to work again. (Inter-ruption--tape off)NT: We were talking about how come you went on strike in1922? When you just negotiated yourself a new contract? FV: Well, we had a, at one time that Fireman & Oilers Organization weren't considere.d part of the shop crafts, and we had just negotiated a deal where we were, and sonaturally your on strike, you go on strike. NT: Right, right.20
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: So we did, but there was no backing on that strike, and it was never settled .NT: Huh, so what happened?FV: I was one of the last ones in Ogden that went to work.They just drifted back and it was over and that was allthere was to it.NT: What did you do when you went to work, where did you go? FV: Well, I'11 tell you, the old man came up there oneafternoon, one evening and told me what Jack had said, soI went down and seen him, and he gave me a job. NT: Firing again?FV: No, helping boiler maker.NT: Doing what?FV: Well at Ogden that time they were overhauling a couple ofengines, a couple of 700's and, I forgot how long Iworked there. Lets see, I started in February. NT: Of what year?FV: 19, oh gosh I don't know. Lets go back from 1964, 42 years is what, off of 64 is what, would be 1920, 1922?NT: Yes.FV: Yes. That would be it.NT: That's right.FV: See how I have to figure. Let's see we overhauled oneengine. I mean we overhauled them. We pulled all the flues out, and scaled the boilers inside and all that21
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982stuff, set in new flues, took all the wheels out and sent them to Salt Lake, had the tires turned. You know, just a general over-haul. We were running like a like one of the foreman use to say, running a three ring circus in a one ring tent, but when they got through with one of the second one, then they decided they were going to close Ogden up.NT: Yes .FV: And they did, and so we went to Salt Lake and old DanCunningham was the big boss. I don't know why to know a little about stokers you know, mechanical stokers, and that was what they were putting on all the big locomo- tives. So he says, "We need a man up at Soldier Summit that knows something about them assemblies," he said, "And you go up at Soldier Summit." That's all there was to it. I was up there seven years.NT: What was the Summit like when you were there?FV: Oh, it was pretty good, they had two kinds of houses up there. They had some that had been built. They were more air-tight than the other ones. The other ones were these portable houses that you bolted together you know, butthey were liveable, and they     a-- (Interruption) They had a good gang up there, and we had lot's of fun.Good.NT :FV: Lot's of parties.22
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT:FV:How many people were up there, about a thousand? END OF S I D E ONENot that many living, no there couldn't of been. 500 I would imagine, of course then they had a big beanery, and the railroad had a big beanery and a hotel up there. But most of the roadmen you know, they didn't have homes, if they stayed there, they stayed over night, they stayed there (hotel) . Oh, they had a good water system, every washday though, the pump broke down.Oh, it must have been hard on the ladies.It was. I only remember one winter while I was up there, that was awfully severe, that is for snow fall, and then another winter it got, lets see it hung down to 48 below for three days.Gee!And that was the worst we had ever had in cold, but gee you would go up there, we'd go around up there and it might be, well you know zero or under and you'd go to Salt Lake and it wouldn't be down to zero, and here we would freeze to death.It's funny, isn't it.How dry, you see Soldier Summit that was 74, 100 feet. 74, 40.Did you stay at Solider Summit or did you have to go off on the train?NT: FV:NT: FV:NT: FV:NT:23
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: Stayed there? Oh, I had to go out and do road jobs once in awhile, and an engine break down, go out on the road, but other than that we lived right there. We had a house. We lived, let's see our row of houses were right across what they called the "silk-stocking row" , that was t he superintendent and all the big boys and the chief clerk and all them you know. That was "silk-stocking row" .NT: And you lived right across the street, huh?FV: Our house, we were on the other side, we weren't silk- stocking. We were across the street. Well you couldn'tcall it a street, it was a wagon trail!NT: Did they have a lot of wagons through there, or was itmostly the railroad that went through?FV: No, they had all the trucking. You know they used to doa lot of trucking out of Carbon County on coal. I saw a time when you'd make a trip to Salt Lake and gee whiz, just one truck after the other.NT: So how many would go through in a day? Say trucks?FV: Oh God, I don't know, they were running hundred of them,i t seemed to me.NT: Instead of taking them on the train?FV: Yes. the railroad couldn't handle it all, and then thetrucks were under cutting, hauling cheaper and all that kind of stuff, but, when the railroad got going and the mines got going good, there wouldn't be enough trucks in24
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982the United States, you know that one train that runs out of Sunnnyside, with Kaiser stuff, there wouldn't be enough trucks in the United States to handle the cost.NT: When did they start running the train out of Sunnyside? FV: Oh God they ran trains out of Sunnyside for years, but this big one, what we called the Big train. I can't tell you when that started. They use to have a switch engine up at Sunnyside, a little engine house, and they had a crew up there that didn't do anything, only, it was a kind of balled up mess up there, you couldn't put enoughempties in the upper yard to run the tipple for 24 hours, so those fellows on the crew, they'd make about, well they would quit just under 16 hours a day you know, so they would only have to tie up for eight hours.NT: Yes.FV: And that went on for years, and I don't know, Kaiser,NT: FV:they had another thing you see, if you had a gondola, a car load, cars, and you'd ship them to Fontana, they was anybody's deal then.I see.See, maybe the SP was hauling a lot gravel down there, well they'd grab those cars     haul, and one time up there, when I was, I use to go up there and work when Don Warring was off, and geez one time up there, Kaiser had 600 car loads of coal on the ground, because they didn't25
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13 , 1982 have any transportation.NT: When was this?FV: Oh, that was, gee whiz I don't know. Right after I camedown here, it would have been in the 1930s, 1940s and1950s.NT: I t look ' s to me like Gladys wants to get lunch, could Icome back to finish this some other day?FV: No, he is not getting any lunch, Bill's just here tovisit, he is in the post office today.NT: Oh that's good. If you want to quit though, I can comeback tomorrow.FV: No we'll go down, we'll chew the fat awhile. What do youwant to talk about, where are we? Now, we're still atSoldier Summit?NT: Yes. we are still at Soldier Summit.FV: All right, they decided, the railroad decided to movethat terminal and move back to Helper. You see they moved from there and went to Soldier Summit . For some reason , I don't know why, they wanted, I bet if you noticed over there, there's pictures that I took where they are tearing the engine house down up there. I had one distinction, I worked on the last locomotive in Soldier Summit, and the first one in Helper.NT: Boy.FV: On the Helper engines .26
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT : Y e s .FV: Part of the gang moved down here a year before, theHelper engines themselves. That ---7--- they didn't move them, until a year following. We came down here, offi- cially we came down here the first day in November of 1930 .NT: So business was still good then?FV: Oh yes they were running good, looking, business wasgood, yes.NT: When did it slow down around here?FV: Oh, the big slow down was when the big depression came byin 1939. NT: Oh really?FV: Yes. I was one of the fortunate few. I didn't lose a day. NT: Boy, you were lucky.FV: That is the first day all the people, all the fellows onthe railroad, well the first thing we did is what they are doing in the automobile business now, we took a pay cut. Lord they were only running one Helper engine out of Helper a day.NT In 1939?FV: Yes. All those crews were cut     and you know there justwasn't any business. Well the whole country was at a stand still, and we would take time off. We laid off until some of the fellows who couldn't work, work[ed] a27
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982few days you know, just enough to keep from starving todeath.NT: Yes. right.FV: God the stores here in Helper stretched their credit until it couldn't be stretched anymore. They had to buy their stuff you know, and God they just gave the credit out until there wasn't anything left to give.NT: Yes. Well how come everything went all right during the early 1930s? Where was the coal going?FV: Well Carbon County Coal, the big market was the North- west.NT: Oh really?FV: Up in Oregon and Washington. I had an uncle in WallaWalla, Washington and he wouldn't even talk aboutanything, only Spring Canyon nut! Yes.NT: Gall, that's amazing!FV: That's all they used!NT: Where was he working, your uncle?FV: Working?NT: Well, what was he using it for?FV: He was, at that time a prosecuting attorney for WallaWalla County. He was on the       of Directors at three banks. He owned a little branch railroad that hooked up with the Northern Pacific and he the attorney for the Northern Pacific Railroad, one of them. He owned I28
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982forget how many hundred, thousand acres of wheat land upthere.NT: He was doing alright.FV: That was my uncle.NT: What was he using the Spring Canyon nut for?FV: That 's what they burned up there .NT: For their h9uses?FV: Yes.NT: What about on his little railroad?FV: I don't know what, I don't know about that, but whathappened, they ran the gas line, the big inch line theycalled it when that happened.NT: Oh, that was the end huh?FV: They didn't dig enough coal in this county for a coupleof years to fill a wagon.NT: And that was in 1939 that they did that?FV: Well I can 't remember Nancy, exactly what years theywere. I know the whole country was on relief.NT: Well sure, but I thought it started earlier.FV: Could have done, when was the big depression in thecountry? W asn't that 1939?NT: It started in 1929.FV: Or 1929, yes.NT: Yes. But see that would be before they moved the Helper'sdown here .29
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: Yes. we moved here in 1930, that is the Helper engines. NT: And there was still plenty of coal to haul, huh?FV: Oh yes, sure. It was in the 1930s when that transitiontook place. Oh God, there was Spring Canyon, well Spring Canyon was the mining outfit then, I mean all the mines up there. God they weren't doing anything, those people just about, and there was not big relief business and all that then either.NT: What about Sunnyside and Hiawatha?FV: Same thing.NT: Did they fold sooner than Spring Canyon?FV: If you noticed over there, I've got a cardboard box, itcame from Kenilworth, that's the way they were putting upnut coal to sell it, and that coal was polished!NT: Goll that's terrible.FV: Castlegate up there was loading, was loading an order tosell lump coal, they'd put it box-cars, no open gondolas, it was in a box-car and they, I'm not kidding you, I've seen this they put a layer of building paper, and then a layer of coal, and then a layer of building paper, a layer of coal, and that coal as carried in those cars and loaded by hand, it wasn't run in on the conveyors.NT: That's the only way people would buy it?FV: Yes. You know they were just going over board, tointerest anybody in coal. And that's what happened to the30
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: FV: NT: FV:NT: FV: NT: FV: NT: FV:NT: FV: NT: FV: NT:big coal market here. Then, I think they could miss a lot of chances too, I don't know. Of course, I'll tell you when I moved into this country, I had one of the first coal stokers on my furnace, you know what I paid of slack?No.80 cents a ton.Oh, gee!You know what? I was paying a guy for hauling it, the mine was giving it to him. Slack was something you got rid of, it was a drug on the market, they didn't want it, there was no sale for it.Sure.If you didn't have lump, you didn't have nothing.Right.Now if you, who wants lump, you try and find them, see. Who was hauling your slack for you?Oh, I don't know, I forget who, no I'll tell who it was by God it, who is the fellows who are running the little eatery up here in the blue, blue water boat?Oh yes, its not Marinoni is it? Morrelli?No.Who is it?God what's their name? Their father.Oh, and he'd hold the slack?31
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: He was poorer than a church mouse, and he used to go over on the Utah Railway, he had a big ---?--- pile over there, you know and he'd let him go over there and pick out, there was a lot of good coal in the bony and that is what he was selling. He worked his head off.NT: Yes. You had to then to make a living didn't you?FV: Well yes. If you didn't have good neighbors to haul it into you, none of that stuff like you got now.NT: So what did you do, working on the railroad, the Rio- Grande down here, you weren't a fireman all the time,were you?FV: No I, when I went to work over there, I guess I wasalways mechanically inclined so I just started to learnto be a machinist.NT: At Soldier Summit? Or down here?FV: Up at Ogden too. Of course my father was a good man,that's what I had to put up with when I went to work on this railroad, everything I said, I went to work here when the bunch of old-timers that he worked with were just starting to die off! That's all I ever heard, if you're ever as good as your old man, boy you'll be good!NT: Do you think you made it Fred? FV: Yes.NT: That's good.FV: I think I did.32
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: So when did you leave the railroad? When did you retire? FV: 1964.NT: When did you get into the museum here? [In all cases,"the museum" refers to the Helper Mining Museum] FV: The same year.NT: Really?FV: Yes. Let's see they got that, so called Big John overthere. They bought that I think about 1963, Chris Jouflas and Ala Veltri and John Skerl and a few more interested citizens they formed a, The North Carbon Industries.NT: What was that?FV: A businessmen's organization, they had a hell of a lot ofmembers so believe you me when they started this thing,they first bought that thing over there, he cost $1,800 NT: Where did they get it from?FV: It came from San Diego.NT: Gee!FV: The Standard Oil Co. uses the same thing, with the cowboyhat and an oil can in his hand, and if you go out, on the way out to the Salt Lake Airport you go by, Demmans Golf Course, he's got the same thing with a golf cap on and a golf club in his hand.NT: Well how funny, they must have mass produced them.FV: Sure they did, but anyway they, I don't know who got theidea of having them use them, I just, I don't know for,33
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982I get ornery streaks once in awhile, and I wasn't interested and Chris Jouflas kept on, "Come on over to our meeting, come over to our meeting". So one time I went over there, and they were having a meeting in that first little room, nothing in it, bare room, bunch of chairs in there, a lot of people sitting around. I sat there awhile and listened to them, and I was watching ?--- in this room first, and I said, "There is a bunch of panels showing the history of coal mining in this country."NT: That's right.FV: And that was me. Well, number one; they scraped up enoughmoney to buy the boards and they gave me a few dollars for paint, and brushed and stuff and well then I went to work.NT: That's right.FV: The telephone company had just moved out of that placedown the street there where the beauty shop is now, and what , Chris says, "Well you can use that place" , and it was cold, geez there was no heat in that place, and ---?-you can't work in there. Anyway it was being rented, so they had to move out anyway. Then finally I said, "Why not go up there in the auditorium?" Well why not? Nobody knows why not, there was nothing in the room, and I had an easel that ran from the one back door right slant34
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982forwards I could put three panels up at a time, which I did t o get the continuity of the background see. That was all I was interested in. And I started and the first day in November I took my pension, effective the first day in November, and I started painting all those damn panels i n. And I finished the 15th of the following April .NT: That' s a long haul . How many hours a day did you work at that ?FV: Oh, I don't know, you can' t , don't you know us artists are crazy you know?NT: Yes!FV: Sometimes I'd be over there at two o'clock in themorning! You know, I don't know they always tell you that if you're nervous, and you can't settle down take up paintingNT: Did it work?FV: Not with me, I used to fight those things, I always did,that thing up there, you know I painted three years onthat?NT: It's a beautiful one.FV: Yes. I painted three years on it, and I still see placeswhere I could touch it up.      I would get up and you know I would wake up at night and the light would hit and I know. I would dash and put on my clothes, go over there and start working. Then I would let what I call old35
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: FV: NT : FV:timers, you know those old, old natives. The two old Austrian fellows come in there one afternoon, I was over there / good looking , pretty soon one of them says , "Ah, you worked in the mine a long time, huh?" and I said,"Not even a minute, not even 10 minutes", he said, "How the hell you make it look good? Do you know what you're doing?" I says, "I read the book ---?---" Oh God, but I didn't have them completely finished when we put them up, but I whacked on them. To tell you the honest to God truth, I finished the last one last year!That's amazing!That mule pulling that, I had a ghost mule...Oh.You know I just blocked him out in quick brush business, and I got looking at him and one of the girls working over, not last year the year before, and she said, "When you going to finish that mule?," I said, "I don't know, I forgot about him." So I looked at him and I said, "He is too big." So I went over there one afternoon with a few tubes of paint and finished him up.NT: Good for you!FV: Two years ago.NT: Yes. good for you. How did you get into the business ofcollecting stuff, and getting the photographs, and working with bills?36
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: Well, Oh what is his name? he works for Utah Power & Light. He lives down the highway down here, the old rock hound? He is the one who put that case in there with all those rock samples in over there.NT: Oh, is that Bill?FV: Well anyway, he was in, he was...NT: B ill Brandson?FV: Yes Bill Brandson, he was the first one that was going todo, the first couple of pages in that old book here. Heput it all in. You see we've got everything catalogued. NT: Oh, that's fantastic!FV: See. It tells you who brought it in, and then I wentthrough and, everything I could relocate, it's all over there, but some of them didn't have any identities on, and I went ahead and put numbers on all the stuff, little tags and the numbers, you see he was going clear through here.NT: Geez, good for him.FV: When I took it over, then from then on it was all mine,so now I wasn't quite as neat, but it's all in there, allaccounted for. NT: Yes.FV: I was just wondering, you know, I've got things that were brought over there and the people had died. Who do they belong to now?37
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: Are they loans or gifts?FV: They were loans.NT: I don't know, but I could look it up for you, I have alittle book.FV: I was just wondering.NT: Museum ethics .FV: If there are heirs.NT: Could be there are heirs.FV: Maybe they don ' t even knowNT: Very possibly.FV: Now, Frank, oh what's his name, lived up here, he builthis own house up there on the town site. Right up abovewhere Phelps use to live?NT: Oh, I don't know.FV: You don't? Where did Bill go? Back to work? (Interrup-tion ) NT: I guess.FV: But that's the way we've done down there, everything that's come in.NT: Oh, that's nice.FV: And I was just looking over there one day and there weretwo or three things that were ?rought in, and the peopleare gone.NT: I don't know, but I'll let you know. FV: In one case they are all gone.38about it.
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: Boy, it's a nice Museum though.FV: Yes. The only trouble [is] I have never had anybody inthere that criticized it other than one woman said we ought to remodel all the photographs and have all the different camps in all, you know, in one place, so you wouldn't have to--and of course they don't stop to realize that there was a period of seventeen years, and you didn't get all that at once you know. (Interruption)What were we doing? let's see. You see I forget. NT: Well what I'd like to know, Fred, how the "boom and bust"period went around here, because if you were working on the railroad, you would know for sure when they were hauling a lot of goods and when there was nothing to do. FV: Oh, I don't know that, we were just talking herethe other day and I've seen a time down there, now during the war, naturally, we were turning the equivalent of a hundred engines a day out of that house here, out of this terminal.NT: That's amazing.FV: And that wasn't counting the engines that carne in on thehead of the train, I'm talking about helper engines. NT: Oh my goodness.FV: Yes. we were making a hundred helps a day out of here, every 24 hours. Nobody on the railroad would believe it. That's right!39
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT:FV: NT: FV:NT: FV: NT: FV:NT: FV: NT: FV: NT: FV:NT: FV:NT: FV:They hadn't seen it, yes. When did it start to pick up like that around here?Oh, when the war started going.Before that, what was it like?Well, we hauled a lot of the San Francisco Bay bridges through here.Y ou're kidding.No, absolutely.Explain what you mean.All the steel work that they used, to build those big towers and everything.Where was the steel made?I guess Pittsburgh, most of it you know. And it came through here?Yes. I ---?--- a lot of that steel.From over Grand Junction way?Yes, out of Denver. You see the Rio-Grande has got a lot of connections.I guess. (Interruption)Yes. We hauled a lot of that stuff, but your railroad has representatives in every town in the United States, and that's all there out, out         up business.Sure, that makes sense.Yes. You go to Denver, you see, now when that California Zephyr was running, and incidently that was one of the40
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982advertised as one of the best passenger trains in theUnited States.NT: People still talk about it.FV: You had three railroads. Rio-Grande picked it up at SaltLake and delivered it to the Burlington in Denver, andthe Burlington takes it to Chicago. NT: Oh, I see.FV: Western Pacific picked it up in Salt lake and take it to San Francisco.NT: Nice arrangement.FV: Sure. Well, all right you do that same thing on freight.Then Rio-Grande gets a lot of stuff off of Southern Pacific, and then you go the other way to Pueblo, you get on the Sante Fe and you get on the Chicago Rock Island Pacific. Is there another? Oh the Missouri Pacific. See you got a lot of outlets off this little railroad.NT: Yes. That's right. So the railroad wasn't always tied to the coal industry for it's business here?FV: Oh no, people get the idea that the railroad was built to come down here for coal. That was not so. This railroad came down Price River Canyon because they were bound and determined that they were       to have a Trans-Continen- tal Railroad.NT: Was that the best route though?FV: Sure, where do you get a better one?41
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: That's true.FV: Follow the river.NT: What about that grave they've got down in Emery County,the one you were showing me?FV: Oh that ---?---, now I've got the whole history of that,do you want to write a book?NT: Sure, one of these days, but not right now!FV: I'll tell you, I got copies of the letters that, that thechief surveyor [had] up to the big boss in Denver,telling him all about that.NT: You decided not to use it then?FV: Yes.NT: Well why?FV: Well they finally decided that there seemed to be, if youread all that stuff, there seemed to be like a little animosity in there, it seemed to me. I don't know if anybody else would think like I think. But it seemed to me like those fellows were trying to prove that each one was more important than the other.NT: You mean the people that favored that route, and the people that favored the one up here?FV: Yes. That's what it seemed to me like. Although, all those surveys were being made at the same time, and the fact of the matter is, these routes were all planned before the survey was ever made, and it was all done when42
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: FV:NT:FV:NT: FV:the Rio-Grande was organized, in Salt Lake. There was three railroads implicated, I've got copies of the whole thing.I'd like to see them, I really would.I told you, it tells you in there. These fellows sat in an office, and conned the whole damn railroad. They had this whole country covered!They didn't even know there was coal down here, or did they?I don't know whether they did or not, but you see, the Rio-Grande took over the Calico line.Yes, right.All right that was. Were you ever on switch-back road? They used to come over the top, over there in Salina. Carne out of Salina. That was a switch-back road, you know. You had to run up so far, and then back up in the ---?--- Well the railroad is like that. So you can imagine what it would be like, well that Calico road was a switchback railroad.So it wasn't much good to them?It wasn't much good. It was a waste for hauling. So that was when the Rio-Grande built the railroad from Tucker up over Soldier Surnrnit to Pleasant Valley Junction. All right, they were getting their coal, they had their coal. Where did they have it from? From up there?NT: FV:NT:43
 FRED VOLLAPRIL 13, 1982FV: NT: FV:NT:FV: NT: FV:NT: FV:NT: FV:NT: FV:NT:END OF TAPEOh where the last little narrow gage runs from.Silverton?Silverton, yes. They took over the old depot up at Silverton and that was their offices.So the Rio-Grande just came down through Price Canyon, what to get to Pueblo?Yes. you got another Railroad that is coming east.I get it.The Golden Spike was driven three miles, two miles this side of Green River, Utah.What, it's up at Promontory Summit I thought?No, I mean on this railroad. They didn't have any big hurrah, but they, ---?--- came down here and hell in the meantime. Nancy, all these mines built their own rail- roads, the Rio-Grande acquired them.Oh, I see.Rio-Grande didn't build those railroads, they improved them later, but they had the railroad that run up to Spring Canyon, they had the one that run to Hiawatha from Price.Now I thought that was the      Railway?No, this was another railroad, before the Utah was everthought of.Oh really, private?44
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV: Sure.NT: Who built it?FV: God I can't remember. I got books around here that giveyou the names of all those things. NT: Well good.FV: But, you see when they were building that railroad first, we followed every foot of it, practically. You got out there, Oh God let's see just about--Have you been over that road that goes down to Woodside? You go down to Cleveland and get on the road and it goes to Woodside, have you been through that beautiful torn up country down there?NT: Yes. I have.FV: All right. Do you remember seeing a sign there on theother side, in one of the dips, the Forrest Service had put up I imagine, or the BLM, that told about the Rio- Grande. It says about the old right-of-way. It told how many and how much they spent and all that stuff on it, well it's there. You come out to Greenriver and come up to that place, then they went, hell up Cottonwood Wash and carne out. Oh God I could take you down there, the right-of-way is still there     for some reason they've been improving it. They are making a truck road out ofit. Now why I don't know. I can't tell you.NT: There is going to be something they are going to haul,45
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982FV:that's for sure.I know Jim Osmon. He is the Division Engineer for Rio-Grande and heck one of his days off he came and picked me up and went out there and just at one place he just stood there, and he says, "My God Fred, they've done $145,000 worth of field work here, I wonder what the hell is going on!" The original fill, I learned, when you are out on the highway, you can tell when you are on an old railroad grate.How?By the grate and the curvature. If you go out there and follow that, now that road that goes to, to Woodside, you are on the old railroad grate all the time, miles of it. You are right on the old grate.Yes, that's interesting.Because on highways they don't make the fills you know that take the dips out and all that stuff, and they make sure you don't have those long angle curves and all that stuff.Yes. What about the road up here to Kenilworth, the railroad, the old grate?That was an independent           that was the Helper & Kenilworth.Oh yes? Well when was that built? Were you here then? Oh, that was a long time. No, I wasn't here. When I cameNT: FV:NT: FV:NT:FV:NT: FV:46
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982down they built the new line, over here.NT: The new road from Kenilworth to Helper?FV: Yes. It was over here. Oh Lord, let's see, well thestreet, the Railroad Avenue over there, if you go to the end of that , that ' s where that railroad started , off of our main line and went up there, went up right behind that little row of houses where Dr. Demman lives up there, well that was the new line.NT: That was new when you got here?FV: No, it had been used quite awhile. The one cut out. Theyhad their yard at Spring Glen, and you went up there andthey used those little shay engines.NT: I see pictures of them.FV: I worked on one.NT: Did you?FV: Yes.NT: Going up to Kenilworth?FV: No, they would bring them in the shop, over-haul them.They got them up at Soldier Summit.NT: The Rio-Grande over-hauled the Kenilworth shay's? FV: Yes. they owned them then.NT: They owned the engines?FV: Yes.NT: But they didn't own the railroad?FV: Yes . they owned the railroad then.47
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: Oh, I see. Okay, ---?--- I'mgetting there!FV: I'm trying to think, let me see, what did I do with all that rubbish. Shut it off for awhile. (Break) But theyused a Union Pacific locomotives, and they used--NT: Which railroad? The Utah railway?FV: Utah.NT: Maybe they just leased them.FV: I don't know, they just--Denver & Rio-Grande RailroadAnnual Report for chief engineer for year ending December31 , 1881 .NT: Good gri ef , where did you get that?FV: Well, I dig around! Somebody gave them to me, now I can'tremember where I get this stuff. Here is one right in here, "The division crossing Salina Pass" was considered by the management, the most important route under the Sevier V alley Charter. The Sevier V alley Railroad , see.NT: Yes .FV: December 8, 1880, the day following the incorporation ofthe Sevier Valley Railroad Company, part of the location party was dispatched to Salina Pass with instructions to occupy the western approach and by the 22nd some 14 miles of the east-end of the canyo.n were occupied with the line.NT: Boy, they were busy, weren' t they?FV: I'll tell you, they fought for everything.48
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982NT: They really did. That's interesting. Could I have a look at those?FV: Y es.NT: Geez!FV: Division #7 .NT: Huh. Did you ever find out where that Castle Valleystation was? FV: Castle Valley?NT: Yes. Was it Helper or Price? Nobody seems to know. It was an early one, before they made it at Helper, there was a station called Castle Valley. On this line, like in 1882.FV: Well I'll tell you, I got a map over there and a Rand- McNally map if you please. And Price and Helper aren't even on it! That's right, 1883! And the Rio-Grande Railroad, their division was from Greenriver to, over Emma Park to Pleasant V alley Junction.NT: Here. Let me shut this off now.FV: Is that on?NT: Tell me again where Dead Horse was?FV: Right out, lets see out there the road is running eastand west, yes. NT: Yes. it is.FV: Well you get over there you know they built a line into that. They built a branch line into that coal loading station. Well your old railroad grate you can follow. We49
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982followed it right up to the river, and that was the upper crossing, or Dead Horse, oh I don't know how many yards, west of that one they put in now.NT: By W ellington.FV: Yes. That was it.NT: So that's Dead Horse Crossing, and then this says, ViaGrassy Trail Creek to a connection with a main line ofthe Cedar Mesa Canyon & the Price River. FV: All right.NT: Where's the Mesa Canyon?FV: All right, Jack has figured out the Cedar Mesa Canyon wasthis Price River Canyon from Wellington down. NT: Oh really!FV: Yes.NT: Oh, you mean--going in which direction, going east? Nobecause the road doesn't run that way, it turns south. FV: Well, they've always called it east and west.NT: Yes. Right.FV: Now here's the book here I got from, Dr. Dorman gave methis, The History of the San Rafeal Swell and on there they had a map, and I had a real good map and I loaned it out and the bugger never         it back to me! And another map I had is now in Australia!NT: What's it doing there?FV: Well Bill Freeman, from Sidney Australia, was interested50
 FRED VOLL APRIL 13, 1982in this damn railroad too and he came out one trip and went out there with us. He's quite a guy. We was out there on that. You see if you go down from Cleveland, right on through. I can't tell you how far. You could follow that railroad grate, but you get out there and they call it The Y. now. I read one history that said that this part of the grate from, would have been from Price on the way to Salina, was built after, but it wasn't, they were all surveyed at the same time.NT: I see. Well, Fred, maybe I'd better get going for now, and just look at these things later. What do you say?FV: Be a good deal. NT: Ok.FV: There's a lot.END OF INTERVIEW51