  TONY PERKINS Blanding, Utah July 27, 1970An interview byKathy Biel, Milan Paulovich, and Jeff Jones July 27, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History
 Table of ContentsBackground. 1 Mining · Experience 3 Dynamite. 6 Pulling Pillars 16 Superstitions • 18 Mining on Reservation 22 Cheating of Indians 24 Tribal Council. 30 Navajos and Money 35 Gold Mining 38 Assays. 40 Stocks During Boom. 46 Affirmative Action•• 47 Claims. • • • 49 Prospecting for Gold Ore. 57 Prospecting for Uranium. 59
 KB:TP:THIS IS AN INTERVIEW FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE AT FULLERTON, URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. THE INTERVIEWEE IS TONY PERKINS, AGE 38, A NAVAJO WHO HAS WORKED AS A PROSPECTOR AND A MINER. THE INTERVIEW WAS HELD IN MR. PERKINS'HOME IN BLANDING, UTAH.. THE INTERVIEWERS ARE KATHY B,I E L , MILAN PAVLOVICH, AND JEFF JONES. THE INTERVIEW WAS HELD AT 9:00 P.M. ON THE 27TH OF JULY, 1970.Okay, you want to tell us a little bit about your background and your early life first? We'll get that started.Okay. Well I heard he lied to them real bad! I came over here when I was ab.out five years old and I met these people going toth.e cattle range, and I stayed with them. I was six years old when I came over here. They had a bunch of sheep, cattle. I went to work when I was s.ix years old, and stayed with them ever since until I got out of high school.And what family was that? Clarence Perkins. Clarence Perkins?KB.:TP:KB.:TP: The Perkins brothers anyway.KB.: And you went to work for them when you were six years old?TP: Yeah, well I worked, went through school, and stayed with them. Istill go home. It's just like a home to me. They treated me realnice.KB.: What kind of jobs did you do for them?TP: When I first started out, I was herding sheep. That's quite an
 PERKINS PAGE 2KR: TP: KB.: TP: KB: TP:experience and I jus.t got to stay up there with the sheep all the time in the lamb season. We slept out there with. a sheep's slip.We had a little lamb. from the--that was quite an experience. Were you all by yourself up there?Yeah, you bet.Where ab.outs was that? What part of the country?It•s down in what they call Comb Was·h.•Comb Wash?Up in the--oh, about fifteen miles out of Mexican Hat. And we work out in canyon. We used to have ranch up there about a hundred miles long up there. That's about, oh, when I was about ten on. ThenI started riding for cattle. All summer long when we're not in school, we'd spend it up in the mountains. In '47, we went to Colorado and b.ought a ranch out there. Went out there, we drovein cattle out there the first year. It take us two week. Thatwas a real rough life. You have to get up about three o'clock in the morning and we usually don't go to bed until about ten o'clock.You know, how much sleep do you get? And boy, it was really rough-- hot. Then I went to school again, and finished school here in high school in San Juan and Blanding. I was a pretty good athlete.Oh, you were?KB..:TP: Yeah.•
 PERKINS PAGE 3KB.: TP:KB:TP:KB.:TP:KB.: TP: KB: TP: KB: TP:Football? B.asehall?Basehall and basketball and ab.out any sport you can name. I was very much alive when I was a kid.You enjoyed it despite a11 the work, huh.?Y eah.·when did you first get into mining then?Well, I first started mining for Shumway brothers. That was-- oh., ab.out '53.In '53?Yeah~ in 1953 I start working in the mines.Why did you start working in the mines?Well--I needed some money, I guess.That's a good reason, I guess.I went to work for about fifteen dollars a day. I was. just a kid and them pick and shovel guys, they was hard workers. And event- ually, we started using heavier equipment underground, and that'swhat I've been going mostly is running the loader underground anda shuttle car.KB.: What mine was this that you started work--.first started working forthe Shwnway b.rothers.? Do you remember?TP: Yeah, I remember. I was.--last time I quit counting different minesI work--forty-.five of them!
 PERKINS PAGE 4KB: Forty-five mines?!TP: Uranium mines. I wasn't counting the rest of it. First mine I reallywent to work was what they call the Sandy mine--yeah, Sandy. I imagine you heard of Sandy a lot because I know there was quite a few diff- erent people worked there.MP: Down in Cottonwood?TP: No, it's up in what they call Deer Flat country up in---?--- Moun-tain. They call it, I think, B.ig Sandy and Little Sandy. That's when I started working the mine. Then 1--after that, I went to what they call Pay Day Mine. I worked up at Pay Day and went down to what they call King Edward, and that's when I worked with Shumway in uranium. Then I went down by the Happy Jack and worked there for about two years---?--- God, I've been all over this country.KK: ---?--- like it.MP: Which Happy Jack was that?TP: Huh?MP: Which Happy Jack was that? The one in White Canyon?TP: Yeah, uh huh.KB.: Was Clarence Black up there then?TP: Yeah, I worked out there, just about it. I mean, that was a bigmine up there. We had a sublease there to work off from. I think I worked in different mine here--vanadium, uranium, you know, and
 PERKINS PAGE 5I work over in Lisb.on Valley--work two or three different mine overthere, and-·-what?MP: Did you ever work in Steam's. (_?) Mine over in Monument Valley? TP: No, no, no, I just worked for the small--small outfits.JJ: You said you worked for Shumway Uranium?TP: Yeah~ and then I worked for Shumway Brothers and what they callHumbug Mining Corporation, which I worked for over in the East Canyon out of the Lisbon Valley. I worked there about three years, then they transferred me to Blythe, California. Man, that was a hot country! Whew! We spend two years down there. Hot there--thatwas really hot down there--! guess about 120 everyday. I worked for the uranium down there. Boy, we had a real good--real good uranium there for awhile.KR: What mine was that down there?TP: Oh, I guess--well, God, I don't remember the name of the mine, butit was an outfit for Humbug Mining Corporation, the one down inCortez, Co-orado.JJ: What year was that?TP: That was in '58 and '60's. That was in '60 and '63 because I wasdown there when Kennedy got killed. I was down in Blythe. He gotkilled in ab.6ut '63, didn't he? '62? KR.: Yeah.
 PERKINS PAGE 6MP:TP:JJ: TP:JJ: TP: JJ: TP:That early mining that you guys had with the pick and shovel--that much have been kind of tough?Yeah, it was. It was tough and we didn't even have no ventilation. It's kind of smokey all the time, you know. It was kind of realtough. It wasn't too healthy anyway.Were you ·shotting with dynamite then, or what?Yeah, we do it with the dynamite. All the mining we do is with dynamite--dynamite with a fuse. About the last ten years, they've started using what they call a fuse, something with---?--- and stuff like that. You shoot it in holes.That's that fertilizer that they have?Yeah, the fertilizer. That worked real good.In the early mines, did you ever--what was your job?My job was--first when I start out, I used a shovel into the shuttle. Then I drove the shuttle car out of the mine, and dump it, and runit back in. And after that, I was just running the shuttle car.When I had a loader. Next, I started working as a driller. We done a lot of drilling. And then I start running the loaders, and about any kind of equipment you can get in the mine. What they call overship--when the---?--- run on the rail. They had one come out run by air. It was on a track, and it was just like a
 PERKINS PAGE 7cat, the loader. We us·ed that a lot. What they call the overshop dumps over backwards it scares you to death when it dumps. Kind of looks like it throws it.MP: You had a little higher ceilings then in those mines?TP: Yeah, yeah, it's a little--about a twelve foot high ceiling on them,and it really works good. Yep.MP: When you drove th.en, did you do the shooting too?TP: Yeah., I done all the--yeah., whoever drilled had to do his own load-ing and shooting. You have to learn that. I mean, that's justprocedure in the mines.MP: Did you us.e six foot holes.?TP: Yeah six foot--mostly six.JJ: What pattern do you drill in? I mean when you shoot for the--whatpattern for the dynamiting?TP: Oh, we just use what they call the "D Cap" mostly in uranium, youknow, when you put a D cut in five holes, and then they got three holes up---?---, and they got three on the bottom and three on the side. So it's coming out with fourteen holes.JJ: Doesn't it go like this?TP: Yeah, you dig it in, you know, and then you set off what you callthe U cap (J) that goes. off first, and the rest breaks in, you know, and you had to cut the fuse just so they're different sizes, you
 PERKINS PAGE 8MP: TP:KB: TP: KB: TP:know, the timing. They all don't go off at th.e same time. They go boom, b.oom--b.oom, hoom hoom hoom.So you've got to know what you're doing.Yeah_. B.ut it's real s.imple once you learn it. Everything's simple to learn.Were there very many accidents., though?Huh?Were there ever very many accidents in the mines you were in? Yeah, a few. Yeah, there was a few accidents there. I was work- ing for the Shumway brothers. I was running night shift, and we was working twelve hours a day underwater--underground. We was going down the incline, and it was real wet. It was running at night there, you know. You had to wear a rain coat, rain boots, and--Inside the mine?KB.:TP: Yeah. The water coming right out of the ceiling and coming out ofthe ground. There was just water all over in there. And we'd pump. They had an electric pump. We was pumping out every day. Thenwhile we're drilling, we have to pump, you know,---?--- I got off one morning and it was in the wintertime and real cold. Went up on top--I don't know what I was doing. I was fixing the blower fan, and Burdette Shumway, he came on in and asked me what was
 PERKINS PAGE 9wrong. He was jus.t coming on one shift, and I was going off thes.fiift, you know. And he told me--he s.aid, "Tony, hoy, it's surecold today." Then I came home and went to b.ed. I'd usually get up ahout five o'clock and go hack down to work. One of the guys came over there that night jus:t when I came up. They told me that OldDad got killed in the mine. I guess he had too many holes loading. It's wet, you know, and when it went off, he was right in the factof it, you know·. Ti.hey said they just turned, you know, and said, "Let's go". Three of th.em went down ih there. Well, one guy wasin front of him. He took all the--Burdette, they called him--blast, you know, but he didn't get hurt too bad, the guy was in front of him. There was another guy about twenty feet up the pedal, and he just knocked down. And, man, the--whew. I had to go back that nightto help pump water down there where he got killed. B.oy, that wasa mess. It was real bad. You know, you feel pretty bad when some- b.ody--when one of your best friends gets killed. You know, he was a real nice guy--had ab.out six or seven kids and his wife was preg- nant and everything.MP: How did they figure it happened?TP: Well, I drilled around. I didn't shoot it. I was loading it, andit was. all ready to shoot. I told them it1s ready to shoot. Well, he went hack down there and drilled some more holes--I don't know how many holes he added to it. I guess he just kind of got care-
 PERKINS PAGE 10less or something. I seen a lot of water in there, and he was having kind of a heck of a time lighting the holes sometimes, you know.Just like trying to light it wh.en it's raining, you know, it's kind of spooky out. You know·, a guy gets nervous when he's got too many holes to light. You have trouE.le with one and it seems like aboutan hour, you know, you're trying to light it.MP: How did you guys light these? What did you use?TP: We use what they call fuse as a spitter. It burns ahout sixtyseconds a. foot, you know, just like a spitter. You seen them use these on a firecracker. You know, they got a stick and they got a little flare running, burning down--KB: Sparklers?TP: SParklers, uh huh. That's about the way it works, hut it all dependson the row. And they had a lot of--MP: And you had to go over a whole chain and light them?TP: Huh?MP: You had to go one by one and light these?TP: Yeah, one--·you have to light one by one to light the whole row of them. JJ: Oh., wow.TP: Yeah, I'd say. You could light a hundred holes, but you've got tohave a lo:1g fus.e on thE.ID.!MP: Was this accident up in the Sandy?
 PERKINS PAGE 11TP: No, this was down in Cottonwood. Then I hap a hrother of mine that got killed ab.out the same t:bne. He was ab.out fifty something then. I guess he was working for Grant Shumway then. He was up in Monu-ment One and Monument Two, and he got killed up there. Rocks fell on him. So he--T guess, he's up in his happy hunting ground now.MP: What was it? A rock fell out of the opening or something?TP: Yeah, yeah. It must have been. I don:'t know. I never found outwhat really happened, but that's what they said had happened. Any-thing else?KB: Would you say then that most of the accidents in the mine werecaused by blasting?TP: Well, no. I would say that most accidents are caused by somebodygetting careless. Somebody would--oh, I don't know·. ·.·You walking around on a plank or something, you know, that's up a hundred feet. The first time you go on it, you know, you're kind of scared, butif you walk a hundred times, heck, you know, pretty soon you get use to it. You would! And pretty soon, why, you say, "Oh, heck, I canwalk that thing ninety-nine times, and pretty soon, you jus.t get careless, and that's the way you get hurt.MRS.TP: That's like walking out of your front door and stubb.ing your toe.TP: Uh huh. Yeah, I think most of it's- that somebody just gets care- less and puts too much confidence in the equipment that they use
 PERKINS PAGE 12underground. Some of them are just accident, you know. A rock or something fell on something, or they get the shuttle cars running down there too fast and it hits them or flips them. I s.een an old hoy up there at Marquis·. He us·ed to drive that shuttle car down themine, and he'd usually go about fifteen, twenty mile an hour, you know, and go right on through on each side of the wall, you know, and go backward. This one kid had his foot hanging out on the side, you know. By God, it pinned and hroke his leg, you know. I mean, that was carelessness.MP: When did you work in the Marquis?TP: In the Marquis? Let's see. I think I work in the Marquis in 'SOto '60. That went way back in there ab.out a mile and a half. I used to ride a jeep to work in there.KB: You'd ride a jeep in there?TP: Yeah. It's a long way, a mile and a half long.KR: Well, yeah, you wouldn't want to have to walk a mile and a half everyday.TP: And when you're b.lasing, you know, you got to come out of therepretty fast, and--KB.: Wonder what they thought of Calvin Black.MP: What kind of person is Calvin Black to work for?TP: I don't know. I don't really know. I mean, he's a pretty good guy
 PERKINS PAGE 13to work for•. I really liked him. Of course, he paid a lot better than a lot of miners. did. B:ut, you know, I worked out here in themine--oh, I don't know, until ab.out '61. I think the highest pay you could get was twenty dollar a day. Hustles you out to them hills with just board and room. And the Marquis went b.y the--we w.ent b.y the hour down there. ---?--- was as high as we could get.KB: Was this usually contract work?TP: Yeah, I '.done contract work for the last ten years mostly. Most ofthe time I spend down in Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Nevada, and California. Yeah, I've heen--I tell .you, I've done a lot of trav- eling for different companies. I do a lot of their development work for them now. B.ut then sometimes I'll do the mining for them and--but most of the time, I just do development work and the con- tract.KB~: What does this development work include?TP: Development work, you got to--oh, they give you maps, and certainplaces they want to run a drift. You got to put that drift in and-- working, and just cleaning it up, you know, make it real beautiful.If .you got some ore in there, you know, and want to show· it to some- b.ody--show it to some of them guys with hig money. It's a lot like painting a house, I gues.s.. You want to make it look pretty and that's the way· it works. You set it up for somebody else to develop.
 PERKINS PAGE 14KB.: You're going to sell it?TP: Yeah~ to sell it. Rather than the corporation work with the--youhave to he in development work. Development work is. more seeing what potential ore is underground, and seeing what kind of holes,or vein--I mean, w:hat kind of a vein it is, how wide it is and what mineralization is in it. Kind of like, oh, I would say, like mining engineer work. They analyze all this and figure out just what's happening underground, you know, metallurgy and stuff like that,you know. They hring it in and find out what caused movementsand faulting in the underground. This is mostly for silver and uranium--I mean, those in uranium, gold, and stuff like that. In uranium, most of your veins are just flat veins, what they call hlanket veins. B:ut for gold and silver, most of your vein is ver- tical and at a forty-five degree angle for most of it.JJ: You must have mined both under Shuderick (?) and under Morrison then?TP: Y eah, yeah.JJ: Shimerock (J} is awfully hard to find isn't it?TP: Yeah, shimerock C?) comes as a problem. You have to follow· hathways, work both.ways. You work to find a vein instead of silver and follow it. But you go in to eat or something and you come back out again, and--you have to know a lot about underground,
 PERKINS PAGE 15especially in gold and silver.MP: Did you ever find any ---?---.-. trees in the Morrison formation?TP: Yeah. Yeah, we found a lot of trees. I seen some trees a hundred feet long and the center would he hollow, you know, just like a dead log. It would b.e hollowed out in some of them. There would b.e nothing in some of them. B.ut you find some cottonwood, you know. You find b.ig trees. Man, they're fabulous. I guess theymade a million dollars off some of them big old trees.JJ: What happened? Would all the ore form on the outside of the tree? TP: Yeah, all inside--kind of saturated through in the trees. I guesswhat you'd call--Morrison is an old river bed, and the channel would run down through there, and once these logs would go way up behind the b.ank and pile up. That's the way the Morrison Formation is.It's underground though. It's an old riverbed really.JJ: Is that in Morrison or Shimerock (?) ?TP: Morrison.JJ: Morrison?TP: Uh huh. Plus, at Shimerock (?) you still find a little bit of whatlooks to me like it's vegetation, too, once in a while.MP: Did you ever go on any cleanup jobs in mines where you went andpulled pillars and stuff like that?TP: Yeah. Yeah, I done a little bit of that.
 PERKINS PAGE 16MP: That's dangerous, isn't it?TP: Yeah, it's real dangerous. I seen at the King Edward where they hadthat thing crypted up, and I had to go through a great big old log cut down there and hold it up. Every once in a while you hear it groan, you know, o-oh. One day I went hack in and that whole thing came down. You can walk over about a quarter of a mile to the other s.ide, you know, and it's caved down in the mine. It just dropped down where the tunnel used to he. Yeah, some of it's real dangerous, es.pecially when you got a lot of water it's a real danger. I seenit down in Cottonwood. Me and Billy Red one day, we was walking down an incline and pretty soon we heard something start falling behindus, and by God, two hundred feet back of us just caved in and just-- we didn't have no place to run except that one little old corner there. Well, we had a lot of close calls. I had a few of them fall on me and, I guess I have heen pretty lucky.MP: When you get trapped back there, is it a complete cave-in, or can you get over the top?TP: You usually can get over, you know, when it's a little cave. Usually you can walk over it someplace.}lP: When you pull those columns, how-do you go ab.out doing that?TP: Oh, man! There's a lot of different ways of doing that. A lot ofpeople jerk one off, you know, to blast a whole pillar. They'll
 PERKINS PAGE 17have what they call thes.e scraper buckets and have it run on a cable, you know., a hoist, and then reach out there and just break the---?--- out of a dangerous spot. That's the way they do it most of the time. B'ut it's too dangerous to get out of. You don't know if the wholething is going to cave or if just the little one is going to cave. JJ: How big is a typical pillar around?TP: Oh, some of them are probahly about fifteen, twenty feet in diameter.So some of them's real hig and hold a lot of ground. I've seen in some places where you can walk more than in a big room. It'll be a hundred feet way out there and no pillars under it. It's just like a ballroom. Yeah.JJ: You determine whether you leave pillars or not by the overhang, right?TP: Yeah, the overhead. And if you got a---?--- up there and a crack, you have to leave the pillars or bolts. They usually run bolts through them and put plates over them to hold them--bolts way up there and drill holes and run a regular bolts way up in, but they split. The ends split, and they got a regular adaptor jackhannner that pushes them up in there. And then you bolt a b.olt in it anda nut on it. Then they got a different type of pillar they use under-~I mean, not a pillar, hut a brace--what they call a brace, and lift them by a great b.ig old hydraulic like so, you know, just
 PERKINS PAGE 18like the---?--- truck that---?----met up with and got---?--- on b.oth ends. They just put-it against the wall and they put air through, and it jacks itself up and holds them.MP: Automatic pillars, huh?TP: Yeah. When you want to s:tart ---?--- up, just b.ring them out. Well,they are quite a thing now. I think most mining has mostly modern equipment now. The---?--- equipment and it's real easy to work with now. I'd just like to go down into the office now somewhere. One thing about the underground, it's real cool and in the wintertimeit's warm, and in the summertime it's nice and cool.MP: They're going to make it a little rougher though with those blowers now, aren't they?TP: Yeah, a little hit, yeah, it makes it a little rough sometimes. Down in Arizona it's real rough blowing when you got that silicate dust. Man, that silicate runs down there about eighty, ninety per- cent, so it's kind of dangerous. You have to wear a mask all the time.KB..: B.ecause of the danger involved? Do you ever run across any super- stitions in the mine?TP: Yeah& I met a lot of people that are kind of superstitious. You know, they won't take the wo~en in there!KB.: I'11 have to remember that. What's the reason for that one?
 PERKINS PAGE 19TP: Well, I don't know. They just--I guess it comes from way hack there somewhere. I read ab.out it, b.ut I forgot anyway. They just don't let the women go in mines. Some of them don't, b.ut I don't care.JJ: What mine are you operating now-?TP: Uh, right now--oh, what in the heck is the name of that mine?The mine I'm going to right now is in California. MRS.TP: TP: MP: TP: MP: JJ: TP:Central Antimony.Central Antimony is the--it's an antimony mine.Did you ever work in Whirlwind?What?No, never have.Did you ever hear the story of B.ig Foot down there? Yeah, I heard of Rig Foot!MP: Why don't you tell us about that? JJ: Would you tell us, please?TP: Huh?JJ: Could you relate the story?TP: I think it's just a bunch_of stories that somebody made up really. I mean, they got everybody b.elieving it.MP: What is it a15.,out? We never hear aliout it, but we don't know what the deal is on it.
 PERKINS PAGE 20TP: Well, ab.out Big Foot--some of us s.ay he's. a big old Paiute and when the miners get together at nighttime, he comes around while every-b.ody is sleeping, and he'll take something. The next morning all they see is footprints around and in the mine or where they're camping at. I guess there's more, hut I would say that somebody is just telling somebody a big story.JJ: Did you ever see the sign to the entrance of the Marquis Mine? TP: Huh?JJ: The sign in the entrance in the Marquis Mine? There's a sign inthe entrance, you know. TP: No, I never seen that one.MP: The one that says "B.eward of Big Foot's, Radon Daughters are Loose in this Mine".JJ: I understand they had a pretty good one going on B~g Foot down at Whirlwind.TP: Yeah, lot of guys go down there. If someone goes down there and watches some miner, they get spooky.MP: They uncovered a big hole down there, didn't they? TP: Yeah, I guess.MP: They said it was this cave or something? TP: Yeah.•MRS.TP: Is that over at the Navajo Superstitious Mountain?
 PERKINS PAGE 21TP: That's over b.y Navajo }.fountain, yeah.MP: How· ab.out some of thes-e other things that went on in the mine?There must have heen a lot of that stuff going on--you guys tellingtales and all this?TP: Well, yeah, we tell a lot of s·pooky stories. One time we was work-ing in Red Canyon and this old mine inspector, he come up there once a month and we had a lookout. They was drilling way up there andhe was down there b.y himself. This mine inspector had a great big old German shepherd, and---?--- went down in the mine, you know. There wasn't no whites around, they just--away they go. That oldhoy's. up there drilling away and that old dog jumped up on his back, scared the death out of him. That old boy let out a scream and came on down with all---?--- And you know what they all---?---JJ: Which mine was that?TP: Wow, I think that was in the Blue Lizard somewhere.JJ: Blue Lizard?TP: Y eah.JJ: That's across the canyon from the 1'1arquis, isn't it?TP: Yeah, it's across the canyon from the Marquis, yeah. Yeah, theygot quite some stories.TP'SSON: It must have b.een a Big B.lue Lizard, Dad.
 PERKINS P AGE 2 2KK: Yeah, did you ever mine any of the mines_down on the reservation? TP: Yeah, a little hit, not too much. I just went down there and look-ed at some mines, but I didn't like them. Me and Leon and were partners once and worked together a lot. Then I went Scotty Wilson for a long time, as a partner. For the last mostly I've b.een just living on my own.MP: When you worked with Leon as a partner on the reservation, fellows happen to lease from Atlas down near Monument Two?Shumway in with ten yearsdid youTP: No, this was a different outfit that I leased form. Me and old Wilson leased that once, but we never did work it. We took the equipment down there, and went back down there the next day, and somebody had broken all the instruments off the compressor, dumped all the powder down in the hole, and threw all of the stuff all over the canyon down in there, so we never really had one--JJ: They didn't want you working down there? TP: I guess not.KB.: Who do you suppose did it?TP: Huh?KB.: Who do you suppos.e did it?TP: Oh, I think it was a hunch of kids that were down there. They hada hunch of sheep down there that looked like ---?--.,..·done it. Yeah, they do a lot of things.
 PERKINS PAGE 23MP: Did you own your own equipment or did you lease it?TP: I leased most of it, and I owned--one company I was with, I ownedmost of the equipment. Sold out and just headed out! Yeah, Iworked in a lot of different country and the--from the south•.MP: How did you oh.tain leases on the reservation? What procedures didyou have to go through?TP: Well, there was no procedure there. A lot of these mines, they'reowned oy the--owned b.y the White people, most of it. I mean the Indians don't really own them. They might have--these White guys would prob.ahly buy it from them for nothing and give them so muchfor royalty and then they take over the whole shebang. If you want to lease something, you usually--! went to the guy that owned Mon- ument One, I think, and he was living in the---?------?--- a job, find a job. in New Mexico, and I leased it from him. ---?---, that's right. I leased it from him, and then you have to get an application to sell your ore to V.C.A. or some different outfit you want to do--mill, in order to sell your ore.KR: Who did you get the application from?TP: Well, I got the application, I think, from--oh, what in the beck'sthat--there's an outfit all right. I think it was with Y.C.A. hecause they had a mill there in Shiprock.KB:: Yeah, the Navajo -mill?
 PERKINS PAGE 24TP: Y eah.MP: You know, you were talking about how· they were practially stealingthe mines down there from the Indians. We heard tell that when they went down there for that 'Monument Two, the V.C.A. got that for about two hundred dollars 'cause there was a little under the tao,le work. Did you hear anything ahout that?TP: Ye~h~ I heard a lot of stories about it. They ship some high grade out of there, oh, way hack during World War II, I know. This hada lot to do with World War II. Most of that stuff they was getting out of there was what they call yellow cake. And it was real high grade vanadium. They· wouldn't tell these Indians they had a high grade of uranium either. Man, I--and uranium's worth a lot more than vanadium, so, man, they really kept it quiet for a long time. In fact, these mines up here aroundl. the Happy Jack and up country, it runs into copper and it runs into silver. I heard, oh, not too long ago that these mills, they was making a hundred percent profiton the uranium and vanadium and copper ore. They get copper and silver out of it to pay for their mills and all the expenses. So there must b.e pretty good stuff in there, some of it.MP: Was that a common practice that they would cheat the Indians down on the reservation there?TP: Oh, I think so. I really do, and--
 PERKINS PAGE 25MP: Because, you know, it was their land, they were supposed to pay royalties off it, weren't they?TP: Yeah, they supposed to pay the royalties.MP: What was the set-up on that anyway?TP: Oh, I really don't know· that much. about it. I know they were reallycheating them b.ecause, God, there was so much money--I imagine morehigh grade coming out of Monument than anywhere--real hfugh grade. JJ: Did you ever have any dealings with Denny Byles?TP: Denny Byles? MP: So you would the presence TP: Y eah. Y eah,Oh~ I heard of him, but I never met him. Denny Byles-- say then that they would keep this high grade ore--of it a secret from the Indians?I b.elieve they do.KB:.: Although. they were supposed to pay sixty-two and a half percent royalty to Tribal Council.TP: I don't think they paid that much. I imagine they paid ab.out two, three percent, I mean, in my estimate because they took a lot of good ore out of there, and it just--MP: The Indians didn't get it then?TP: Then---?--- the Indians, they had to pay all of them. They stillhave the Indians that work out here in this countrycfor ranch work or anything like that. They get ab.out ten dollars a day, and I don't see how· they can get away with it.
 PERKINS PAGE 26MP: Now: this has heen a practice down through the years that the Indian has always heen paid les$?TP: Yes, it is. It really ia.MP: What reasons would you attrih11te this. to?TP: Well, I would say· that it 'B b.ecause they really don't have a choice, and they jus·t have to take what comes first. They really don't have anything for them to do here. Oh, let's just say there's no more industry or anything like that for them to do. And, you know, people got to eat s:omewhere, and they just take what they can get.JJ; Have the Indians ever tried to organize a lab.or force?TP: Huh?JJ: Organize a lahor force in order to get higher wages?TP: No~ I don't think they've ever tried. I don't think they ever have.I know· they're still working for twenty dollars a day. llRS•.TP: What was this deal ah.out three months ago where everybody was shook up around here? They thought there was going to be another Indian upris:ing.KR:· Oh, is that the incident down in Dallas? 11RS.TP: No, it's supposed to have o.een around here in Blanding SOJI}eplace that they--all I can say· is that I'm sure glad that I'm on the right---?---!
 PERKINSPAGE 27KB.: Were these miners?MRS.TP: No, they weren't.KB.: MRS.TP:TP:KB.: TP: KB .:MRS. TP:MP: KB..:Oh, just a general unrest?There wasn't anything to it. I think somebody just--someb.ody was - - - .f ? - - -I really can't figure out why they--w.hy the people work. I mean ---?--- who they are.You think they are?Yes.We've come across some that have complained that they just really couldn't depend on them to show up or to--What?They said b.ecause of time or something.Ye_ah, that they had diffe;cent values on time. If a relative came and w:ould stay, you know·, it was proper to stay home and visit rather than go to work that day.MRS.TP: W~ll, wouldn't you if you were getting ten dollars a day for thesame j_ob. white man w:ho was getting twenty dollars a day just b.ecause of the color of his skin? I'd give him ten dollars worth of w.ork and that'd b.e it. I mean---
 PERKINS PAGE 28KB.: Yeah. MRS.TP: I don't b.lame them for staying home for that length of time.TP: I think they ought to get something where they can organize. They'regoing to have to start paying higher wages to these people.KB.: Uh huh. But this is a had time to try now thatmost of the miningjobs are--there just aren't that many any more. They'd have to go farther and farther out to find them.MRS.TP: Well, like you take the ranch hands. working. They won't give anynames, but they have the Navajos and they have the Utes workingfor them.TP: Well, I think they ought to get them into some kind of a manufacturingor something for them to be trained force in something, so thatthey can help them out. I think they can do that.MP: What is the cost--?MRS.TP: And there's some that were sent up to cut the trees or something. And they--one guy was giving orders for them to get them as cheap as he could. And he said, "Well I won't pay--I·won't take them for less than ten dollars. a day. We can get them cheaper than that". Now how many trees a day are you going to·cut for ten dollars a day? And then, b..ecause they charge at the grocerystore, hefore they' re given their paych.eck, their b,ill is· paid out
 PERKINS PAGE 29of that. In fact, because it's all combined in together--KB".: Yeah. Has this ever occurired around the mines--like a companystore type of thing where b.ecause of being in debt to the company store, they have to get their supplies from them and then they have to keep working to keep this paid off. Have you ever heard of--?MP: :Morgan Nielson, I understand, had a store down there and he had the Black Water Mine?TP: Y eah.MP: Was his trading post something like a comapny store?TP: I think so.MRS· ---?--- and you pay ten dollars. a day for your ---?--? TP:TP: Yeah, but this kind of store works the same way as a regular store does only we pays a little higher price, too.JJ: Yeah, that's what we were wondering, if they are a little higher priced?KR: B'.ecause that's the only way they can really get--TP: Ye_ah, they are"hecause they don't get--oh, let's just say retail price or anything like that. They just pay a little higher thana grocery store anyway prob.ably. They just do.MP: Well, now is this part of the treatment of the Indians, then, thesehigher prices in the stores?
 PERKINS PAGE 30MRS.TP: No, that goes for all of us.KR: Yeah., I b.elieve it!MP: Down on the res-ervation, does~the Trib.al Council make all the decis-ions for the leases on the property on the reservation? MRS.TP: ---?--- twenty· dollars a day, and we can't stretch twenty dollars a day or more--TP: Yeah, I think they do b.ecaus:e I went down there. I was in ---?--- College, and I wanted to b.orrow s·ome money from them to go to college, and they wouldn't let me have any. I mean I think it's the same procedures that you go through if you're going to borrow from the bank, you know. They ask you some money questions, and how goodyour credit is, and I mean I just finally gave up then. Seems like they don't even want to talk to you.KR: W~s it at the Tribal--?TP: Trib.al. I was really disappointed in the people running this.MRS;.TP: Yeah, but you know what else? Your mother said she felt the reasonwhy you couldn't get some of that was. b.ecause you did not live and spend enough time on the reservation itself.TP: W ell, that don't mean nothing. KB.: Well, I don't think.
 PERKINSPAGE 31:7· That's what they understood of it.TP: No, no.KB-: No, that really shouldn't apply b.ecause many of thes-e children spendmost of their growing up years in boarding schools off the reser-vation. MRS.TP: Yeah, but they're still sent to boarding schools, though., under the Trib.al Council.KB.: Well, that's true, but isn't--I awlways understood that from the revenue from the uranium industry and oil the Tribal Council set up scholarship funds with this revenue among other things.TP: Well, I would say they appropriate just so much money for so many students, and I don't really think they handle what they should.If you go down there, you see all these guys working these--they're kind of like a family sticking together, and they don't want thatmoney out of there. Why the hell give it to the rest of them? The rest of them live in hogans, b.ut they got a nice home, nice car, nice pickup, and well, just like I would say, why give it up? Why give it to the rest of them?MP: Something like the politicians in the hig office.TP: Yeah, yeah, and they're living happy. I'm kind of disappointed inthem, and I really don't care for it. I think they should, oh, give
 PERKINS PAGE 32more money to the old people. And if someb.ody really wants to ad- vance in life, you know·, and wants a business., or s:omething, they ought to help them out and get them started. I think eventually they'd pay it hack, I mean.MP: And they just don't do this?TP: No, they just don't do that, and it's kind of a shame. I don't know,they get a lot of money going down there, and I think a lot of themare just pocketing it.MP: Are they elected officials?TP: Yeah, elected officials, yeah, supposed to be.MP: Uh, how are the elections. run?TP: The elections are run the same way as· the elections in the UnitedState--the Constitution of the United State, you know. It's supp- osed to he the same way, but I don't know, maybe somebody's cheat- ing out there.JJ: What kind of offices. are there? What kind of offices do the people vote for?TP: How many officers.?JJ: Yeah, how many officers, and what kind are they?TP: Well, they have a Tribal Chairman who is just like the President ofthe United States, and it works all the way down, you know, just the same way. You have your vice--president, and you have your secretaries,
 PERKINS PAGE 33MP: TP: MP: TP:MP: TP:MP:treasurers, and it works all down the same way. It's set up the same way as: the government of the United States. And it's---?---, you know.Do they get paid for their offices·?Yes, they get paid!What kind of salaries. do they get?I think they get pretty good money, and they get their homes and car, and whatever they need, I guess.Is that right?Yeah, I saw them building nice homes down there for them. I don't know how I'm going--And they make all the decisions for leases or anything on the reserv- ation?TP: Yep, they do. And certain ones, if they don't like someb.ody, they don't have to approve or disapprove on it. They can disapprove it then.KB.: Well, then that would make it easy for bribery to go on, too, wouldn't it? To accept a little--TP: Oh, they might, but I wouldn't say it.K.B'.: For one lease over another? For one company to get a leas.e overanother person?JJ: We've heard, you know, from some of these different men ·.that have
 PERKINS PAGE 34TP:leased down there, that there has been a little money going under the tab.le, and we were wondering if you heard anything about that? Yeah, I head that b.efore. I mean if some big company wants an oillease and T imagine there's: a lot of money that goes under the tab.le so they can get that lease signed. I would say there was some ofit. Plus·, there's a few· Indians down there that pretty well--theyw.ouldn't take the Trilial's word, but they kept their land and they made their own decisions. They're pretty well off down there now. And they said to hell with that damn Tribal Council.Is that right? You've got a separate section down there?Yeah, there's people that own a lot of that land down there and they just take it in their own hands and say, "You want my land? You leas.e it from me." And most of them are pretty well off now.How do they get along with the--The Council will not let them go through the--MP: TP:MP:MRS·. TP:MP: How do they get along with the rest of the reservation that's under the Trib~l Council's control then?TP: I think they get along pretty good. They might b.e ab.it jealous b.ecause them b.oys is. gettimg more than they think they should, but heck, they've lived there all their lives. It's their land. Their dads lived there, and they figure it's their land. So they justhave to go along with it. I meani if they went to court, hell they'd
 PERKINS PAGE 35prove it was their's anyway. But a lot of them, they don't knowwhat the procedure of the court is, what rights they have, or---?---the reservation is. Just like anybody can move in and live on it, but I don't know· how that's: s·et up.KB.: How· do you suppose that this sudden wage earning has affected some of the Navajos.? They come off the reservation where they've lived with their sheep and families, depending on each other, and then they go into the mines and start making a lot more money than they had. How do they handle the money? Do you think they're prepared to handle the money that they're receiving?TP: Oh, I would say--like me, I've lived without having to handle money! I don't think these people when they grow up, they've never hadmoney, and they never had anything. Well, I mean they didn't know how to put it into the bank, or save it because they've owned any before---?--- for the earning as well as for the money, "I want to go spend it."KR: What do they usually spend it on?TP: I hate to say· it, hut I think a lot of them have a lot of problemwith. drinking. It's· not really bad, hut I mean, they just don't have nothing else to do, and they just go into these bars, and heck, they get drunk and spend all the money, and they're broke the next day. And they really don't have a future to look forward to. I mean,
 PERKINS P AGE 3 6they're not advancing anywhere, and that's all they want to do is live from day to day-, up there.MRS.kf ?TP: TP: KB-: TP:Are spea ing o the Navajo now-or the Utes. B.oth. Me.W ell, what usually comes--Well, I would say that I had a lot of opportunity. I made a lot of money in my life, and I blew it all away, and heck, I could be pretty well off right now if I had had any brains and saved it, put it in the bank or something. I would have been pretty well off. But now, I really got to work had because I have a lot of opportunity now, andI think it'11 work out real good. I got a good job to go to, andthey offered me stock in the company. Of course, I didn't want togo, but they've been after me. We get a thousand dollar a month guarantee, so we might do all right.Do you think there's that possibility of other Indians coming offthe reservation, doing the same thing· that you did?MP:TP: Ye_ah, I think they could if they want.to. I knew a lot of White people, you know, that were mining geologists, and mining engineers in mettalurgy. I know· a guy from the University of Arizona realwell named Mr. B.rown--Dr. B'.rown, a metallurgists all over, from Canada all the way down to Mexico. And they all have different opinions and you learn a little bit from each one of them•. You
 PERKINS PAGE 37know, they all tell you a lot of things, you know, that you didn't know. You go to mine and study it, you know, just ab~ut as goodas a geologis·t would. I mean, I really s.tudy it. It's interesting to me to really learn about rocks. It's not all rock.MP: Then this is an important thing, then, to have the interest there? TP: Ye.ah, and the knowledge of it, you know. If you know about what'sgoing to happen in a mine, you know, what the vein's going to do, and if it's going to slip or fall in. If there's one of these big faults, and the ore is cut out like that, there mayb.e nothing then. You got to learn which way the fault is, you know. You got to go find the---?--- again. Nohody can look through rock, but you learn it from surface and from underground, and then you can see the whole picture of it. It's just like going around in a house. Once you understand it, it's real simple.JJ: How do you go about determining which way a vein of ore did go when it's faulted? Do you use a drill?TP: No, you ---?--- the rocks,,. You know, the way the rocks slips, which way· it came up or dame down. It's a real interesting thing. Well, you can tell just what type of different ores are in the middle. They'll tell you, you know. And it's real interesting. Most ofthe mines that you can find have iron, hematite, and I think Old ---?--- got a little gold dug up one time.
 PERKINS PAGE 38JJ: Is that the iron globules that look like they turn to solid right after they're molten?TP: Yeah, something like that. These are gold, but you can't see goldin this---?---. See you have a little---?---. hematite, all your iron burned up on them. But you take one of these magnifying glasses and then you'll see gold in them. Of course, you can't see it inthe artificial light. You have to have sunlight. It's real int.er-esting.JJ: And this is oxidized iron?TP: Yeah., that's oxidized and what they call burned-up hematite, youknow. All the iron is gone out of it, except the stain, you know,brown. It's just like a coal vein because of the carbon.JJ: Where is the--what shape does the gold appear to be in? What doesit look like? TP: Just like gold.~:~· What did you do with that rock I found the other day, yesterday? .The one you said was a good one?TP: Oh, I threw it away.MRS.· J,y_ell, that's not the b.es.t thing? TP:JJ: Did you study geology?TP: Yeah, I studied it. I studied b~oks. I studied it, hut then you
 PERKINS PAGE 39go to mine and you get all confused. You know, you go into different mines., you have to put you mind on one mine. Then once you get itdown pat, then you can understand it pretty well.KB..: Yeah, even I can see that.TP: Now, when I worked with gold in a regular gold mine, I came out withcinnabar--that's mercury--and then silver. Then I worked in a lead mine in---?-.--, and all different types. Now I'm working with an-timonies.MP: When you were working as. a driller, was your contract with thesegeologists from the hig companies when they would come into the mine and tell you which way they wanted the drift, right?TP: No. MP: No?TP: No, I did all that. I mean, once I'd find it, then it would be pretty simple. But mostly what geologists do underground is they'llmake up a full report. They write out a big report on--it's kindof hard to do--1 mean, it's real simple to do, but they make a report, you know. That makes it real interesting to the guy that's gotthe money!J1P: A ren't thos·e called log sheets?TP: Yeah, they exaggerate a lot of it, you know, to make it look realgood.
 PERKINS PAGE 40MP: But this is how a lot of your guys--don't they compare these log sheets with the mines?TP: Yeah. Well, now· this -man that I'm going to work with, we've got about--oh, ab.out six assays, from San Francisco which should be back hy the time we go down there. B.y that we determine whether the ore is high grade or will be--oh, let's just say it wouldn't he profitable to mine a whole b.ig vein of it, three hundred feet wide instead of just taking the high grade out. So that's whatwe're going to try to do now, is find out if she has the potent- ial to become a good mine. I hope that it does.MP: Did you ever have any problems selling ore to thes.e big companies? Did they ever give you trouble on the assays and stuff like that?TP: Yes, they do. Yes, they do really. There's only thirteen mines in the United States qualified to mint gold, let's say gold and silver. So it's really a problem because they can take you for--well, let's just say you got complex ore. You know, you got your silver and gold and lead, and all around in the same rocks with quartz. ou s.end it to the smelter, and they in turn will say, "Oh, we'll pay you for silver and so much lead." But they'll take the copper and gold. Another mill will just take the goldand lead silver. But they take the copper and then mill it. They charge you ab.out--oh, man, for every hundred dollars., they charge
 PERKINS PAGE 41JJ: TP:you twenty-five dollars. By the time you mine you mine the high grade ore, heck, you're jus:t getting about forty-five to thirty- fi~e percent profit off it on the whole thing.How much do you get per ton from gold ore if it's really pure?Well, we shipped some ore which run about--oh, around five hundred and ten, fifty an ounce for the ton. So that's pretty good high grade. You usually get thirty-five dollar an ounce, but you usually get paid for about twenty-two cents an ounce--twenty-seven some- times.Is that all?Whom do you usually sell your uranium ore to?Well, I haven't sold any uranium for a long time. I think they sell mostly to Atlas now. Atlas and--And Carb.ide?Carbide.Did you ever have any ore that you took down to V.C.A. or Carbide, and they gave you some different kind of assays on it than you thought you had?JJ: MP: TP:MP: TP: MP:TP: Yeah. Yeah, I had a few of them. At one time we shipped some ore to---?--- I think about eighteen, nineteen hundred. They wrote hack that they couldn'·t accept this ore. They were ready to runit, you know, and they said they had to run twenty hundred in order to get your money. Men, heck, there's a month's wages, a month's
 PERKINS PAGE 42MP:TP:MP: TP:work.Did you think that you had twenty hundreds, and you didn't? The man told you you didn't.No. No. The deal was that they were buying ore which run up to twelve hundred. And overnight, they changed their whole procedures on it. They got to run twenty hundred before they'll do it. Now they're buying ore for around eight hundred.How much do they pay for the eight hundredths ore now?Oh, gee, I don't know. Probably about seven dollars--six or seven dollars.That's a pound huh.?Y eah.MP:TP:JJ: Is that refined pounds or rough pounds?TP: Well, I'd say that the tonnage, you know, after the process wouldbe worth about six dollars. And you have vanadium, so that's---?--- up about fifteen, twenty dollars, so that helps a little. But mining's shot in this country now. That ore, you can't even mine it to makea living anymore.MP: What are the different types of assays that you have b.een used to down through the years on your uranium ore in the mill here?TP: Well, I would say right between twenty--five up to two percent. Imined some out of Blythe, California. I mined some of the ores for
 PERKINS PAGE 43two and a half percent. We railroaded that to Salt Lake City,to Mitchell, Man that's: a long way to ship ore. Were were shipping seventy-five ton to the car, and the lowest check we got out of that-- we just shipped about six cars., you know. For a carload, we was getting--oh, about a hundred twenty-one, twenty-two thousand dollars for seventy-five ton. So that's a pretty good percent.JJ: What year were you sending it to the Vitro?TP: Vitro? We were shipping it between '61 and '63. JJ: Is that the same company that's out of Pittsburgh? TP: No.MP: V itro Chemical?TP: No. Yeah, it might be. I'm not quite so sure becaus.e the Vitro--it mus.t b.e b.ecause this is-- MP: One of their hranches here?TP: Yeah, one of the branches. There was a real good guy to ship ore to. You know all them geologists. They'd come down there and come work with us, and they were real good people---?--- working.MP: Better than some of these others, like Carbide and V.C.A.?TP: Well, yeah, they control the price now, and they got this old oredown there now that just ain't worth it.MP: You had kind of a little game going between the miners and theseb.ig companies when you took your ore in.
 PERKINS PAGE 44TP: MP:TP: MP; TP:Y eah.Sometimes you dumped the high grade on top and then call it high grade~ and then they-'d find out ahout it, and they'd quote you low grade.Yeah.Could you tell us a little b..it about that?Well, a lot of the people got caught selling the ore, you know. They'd run a ----?--- in the middle of the ore, and then they'd fill the truck half up and put a lot of high grade on it, you know. And there was all different ways of salting it! There was all kinds of---?---.The eas.iest way, though, was to load the low grade into the back of the truck and the high grade in the front, right? And then they-'d dump the high on top.JJ:MP: Did you ever hear of guys around here salting mines with Colman latern mantles?TP: No, I never have.KB:: Where did you hear that?MP: I heard that. KK: Really?TP: Really?MP: Ye_ah, when they got ready and they wanted to sell to someo.ody.
 PERKINS PAGE 45TP: Y eah.MP: To give a high. a count to the mine, they'd throw thes:e mantles around.I was just wondering if you heard about that?MRS. He was probab.ly the one that done i·t.' TP:---?---KK: TP:JJ: TP: MP:TP:Ye_ah, to make it nice and pretty for them.I think there's a lot of people that got away with a lot of stuff, too, but you know I think that it's just like he says, that some- body's handing a lot of money- under the table on the assays on some of these hig companies, you know.Oh, is that right?Ye_ah, it works ho·th ways.Well, when they sent you into these mines to clean them up and makethem look good, was this. just b.efore they were getting ready to sell them, or what's the deal on them?No, I did these for hig corporations. You have to be real honest now.-, you know·. All of the miners are gone and all the littleminers have lieen squeezed out, you know, and the big corporations control the price now-. They can do just about what they want to do with it. All they're doing in these--what I'm doing, though,I work for a corporation out of New York City, and what I do is mostly development work. We take more assays and deterJI)ine what
 PERKINS PAGE 46the ore's going to do, you know. If you can take it three hundred feet wide, they can go ahead and put a big mill on it, or let it sit for awhile, you know·, to see whether the price is going down or up. And hy that way, they detennine--these guys are stock hrokers. They can highjack some of the stock way up and try to play· around with it. And if it's going up, you know, then peoplewnat to put more money into it. And once they get it so high, you know, then they either got to huild a mill ol'.l do something. And, let's see, what do they do? They build it up and let it go so high and then go ahead and invest the money in it. Somebody will invest in it.MP: Did you ever run into those stock deals during the boom around here? TP: Yeah. Yeah, I seen them, hut I really never took an interest instocks till now.MP: Did you see any cases which you could tell us about, you know, wherethose guys set up corporations and sold penny stocks?TP: Yeah~ I'll tell you one. Oh, what is it that they used to callWestern Mine? And I know this one person in Blanding by the name of Jerome Perking. He invested $20,000 up on stock. He invested a lot of money on that, and it fell through. What they did was get eyeryo,ody else to buy s.tocks: and try and form a corporation.After they formed a corporation and took all the money in, then
 PERKINS PAGE 47they just said, "Well, go ahead," and said "It's all over." And you lose y-our money, you know·. And heck, a lot of these guys got rich that way, you know·, fonning these small corporations. Now you can't do it Because they1 re pretty strict now, and you got to have seventy-five percent of---?--- corporation---?--- a hundred thousand dollars to start with. You got to keep that money in there. Once you start drawing it out, they'll cut you off.JJ: Did you ever hear of Ojada Mining Company?TP: Ojido?KR: Ojado.TP: Ojado. Yeah, I think I did a little with them. There was so manyof them down in this country when the boom was on. I don't know how many---?--- up to Salt Lake where they got these still, these half penny stocks, you know.MP: Did the b.oom help the Indian in any way?TP: No, no, I don't think so. It might have helped a few of them towork on the mines. Actually, I never seen very many Indians workin the mines, really. They did a lot of small mining, hut of course they can get them as cheap lab.orers, I guess. But I never seen themworking in hig mining.KB~: Didn't the Tribal Council have a regulation requiring you te hireso many Indians to work in the mines on the reservation?
 PERKINS PAGE 48TP: No, no. I imagine on the reservation they might have, but not off the reservation, no.KB.: No.TP: But now, it's getting where these constructions--I worked for con-struction for ab.out three or four months and they had an operator, they got to have one--you know, it don't matter color--either a Nigger, or a White man--or I mean an Indian or a Mexican. They've got to have one operator for every seven operators on this heavy equipment.MRS. h.TP: From t e minority races.TP: Yeah. And I worked down there for the Strong outfit. They were a real good outfit to work for. They had about three, three Indians besides me. Three was :on labor, and two of us were operatorE. Sowe were pretty well satisfied with everything because they've got to hire so many Indians.KB.: Do you think that's. a good thing?TP: Huh.?KB.: Do you think that's a good law?TP: Yeah, I do. Yeah, I do. Yeah, it's a real good law. JJ: Because they're working their own land.TP: Yeah. Well, shall I tell you a good story?
 PERKINS P AGE 4 9JJ: TP:Ye.ah, all righty.There was a guy·down in Arizona about three years ago, and there was an old 1Uan down there who had one ey,e. And I had some claim there and he---?--- mining, you know. One day a bunch of guys came down from Las Vegas to look at a mine, you know. I sold my claim to him. We were done in a day, you know·. We was walking across his prop- erty, you know·, his- claim and it was an open range. Anyway, wewas just walking across, and we seen him way up on top. And, boyhe was really cussing us, saying, "Get off my claim! Get off!"And, b.y God, we was j.ust mozeying along, you know, and heck, weWEsn't paying no attention, and pretty soon he was coming over that hill. He's ab.out seventy-five years old, and boy, he got down there with. a .30?30. And by God, he says, "You sure better get off this!" And we ran out of there, too!JJ: Was this uranium claims you had?TP: No, these were silver and gold down there.JJ: What area was this in?TP: It's just in what they call Wickiup, out of Canaan Arizona. Andwe just happened that we had these newspaper guys from Las Vegas who write articles for the Sunday paper. Roy' he took a picture of us, and wrote a h.ig old article al:iout us in the Sunday paper.KB.! l)id you save one?TP: No, I didn't save one. I don't know who saved one, but I was
 ERK.INS PAGE 50MRS.supposed to get one, but I never got one. I've seen the article of mine--what happened to mine?TP: What, Capital Account?TP: Y eah.MRS. , hIve got it int ere.TP:TP: Where is it?MRS.I b TP: na.ox.KB.: MP: TP:MP: TP:KB!MP: TP: KB:.: TP;--- ?---I suppose he figured you were trying to jump the claim, huh?Yeah, he thought we was going to jump the clim, and boy, he was going to go after us!Did you stake any uranium claims?Yeah, I staked a lot of claims, but I never staked them for myself. I always done it for somebody.Why?What areas did you do it in?Well, they paid me so much a claim, s.o I done it for them. Oh.And I was making a little money when I was in high school. Oh, you did that when you were in high school?Y eah.KB··TP:JJ: Who did you do it for?
 PERKINSPAGE 51TP: JJ: TP: JJ: TP: MP: TP: KR: TP:Huh?Who did you do the staking for?I done it for the Shumway b.rothers. Which ones?Geney. Geney Shumway.What did they pay you guys?Oh, they started paying us about twenty cents a claim.Twenty cents a claim?Yeah. We was just young kids·, and we'd usually go out there during the week..,....,..-?---. And we done a lot of prospedting in this country. W.e camped out one time in what they call Green Water. Man, wewalked ab.out thirty mile down there, pack and all, in the winter- time. It was cold. Yeah, I done a lot of mining in my life.}lP: Did you guys use geiger counters, or were you just looking for fonnations?TP: 1..:Je was looking mostly for formations, and when it looked pretty good, we usually staked it, you know, up in the canyon where it was close to the surface. I think I'd prospect for gold and silver. It's more interesting.KB~: You think it is? TP: Yeah.KB:: What do you think the future is for uranium around here?
 PERKINS PAGE 52TP: What?KB.: Uranium. What do you think the future is for uranium mining aroundhere?TP: Oh, not too good at all. Thes·e oig outfits, they got it prettywell tied up now, and they control the price, and it just--I don't think it'll ever, in my opinion, pay any more.KB~: You don't?TP; Uh uh.KB.: I was talking to George Layman down in the Family Services officetoday, and he said that they were going to start these trainingprograms. TP: Training?KB.: For mining. Uh huh. Take the Navajos and train them to be miners. But that Clarence Black advised them that there wouldn't be any future in it for them.TP: No, I really don't think so because it really, it don't take much training to be a miner.KB~ You don't think it does?TP: No.KR: Well, why do you--how do you explain that there aren't many Navajosin mining?TP: Well, mostly what they're doing now is that they're taking thesemachines, you know, letting them do all the work. When you got
 PERK.INS PAGE 53the machines, you got to have pretty good experience to run these machines anyway. And I don't s-ee no way where these machines would be profitab.le to use in this, country because the vein is so little,you know. And mos·tly, it would he just shovel work anyway. The way- it looks to me is all the high grade is gone, the b.ig veins are gone. And it would b.e pretty expensive to find another one, mayb.e pretty deep, hut I don't see no future in it. That's whyI kind of don't want to stick around here no more.MP: Did you find any cases where they wouldn't let the Indian run theheavy equipment? Where they more or less wanted them for the pick and shovel work, or--? Recause I talked to some of these guys around here, and they said that.TP: Uh huh. Well, I would say no, because I never--I don'-t think the Indians really tried to get on that heavy equipment anyway because they tell them all this, you know, and I don't think they wanted to run it anyway. They're prob.ably scared of it anyway, you know, and to me it's odd. It's really pretty hard for me to answer thathecause I don't think they really had a--it's pretty hard to learn to run it underground, you know, just go in there and get on one anyway. But once you get used to it and learn how to run it, it's just like---?---
 PERKINS PAGE 54MP: You know, down there on the reservation now, when these guys stake the claims, do they have to have an Indian partner on their claims., or what?TP: They're supposed to. But I think a lot of these guys that have these claims down there, they just give them just so much beer money and that's it. As long as their name's on it, you know.KB: Have you heard of Seth Bigman?TP: What?KB: Seth B.igman? He was supposedly a partner of one of the White pros-pectors, and they staked a claim out on the reservation. There was one case where something really came of it, and he was supposedly getting quite a hit of money from it every month.TP: I don't.KB: I wondered if you had heard of him?TP: No.MP: But when you guys prospected out there and staked your claims, youwalked them off?TP: Yes, you walked around--actually, you do that because--down in Ar-izona, you really don't have to do that even. You put your discov- ery markers up. After that's done, you got to come back within ninety days and either survey it or, _you know, you _got to changeit and pretty well figure out how many feet you want, you know.
 PERKINSPAGE 55They usually do it about fifteen hundred feet long and six hundred feet wide. Most of them just take cables, survey it out, and get it pretty well accurate.MP: Did you have any cases of claim jumping?TP: No, but I heard of a few of them, but--MP: What were those?TP: It was uranium---?--- And, oh, when in the heck was it? Well,I got involved in one in the Humbug Mining Company. And we went in an abandoned mine and we followed the taxes on it, and these people who owned it filed suit on us because we jumped a claim.We went to court, and hell, it went on for years, and we finally gave these guys five thousand dollars and told them, "Take it or stay in court." And they took the five thousand dollars.MP: In other words, you went in and you figured that the work hadn't been done or it had run out, and--TP: Yeah. Yeah. You have to do assessment work every year.MP: And they figured that they still had the--TP: Claim, yeah.MP: --claims to it, and you ended up paying them five thousand dollarsfor it, huh?TP: Yeah. Yeah, the judge told us, "Well, why don't you guys settlethis out of court some way?" II
 PERKINS PAGE 56MP: TP: MP: TP: MP:What claim was that? Do you remember?Oh, they called it the Humbug Claims.The Humbug Claims? Where was that lo.cated?That was in the East Canyon down in Lisbon Valley.Uh huh. Did you ever have any nuisance claims? You guys walked these claims off a lot, and I was wondering if you ever ran into any nuisance claims where a guy would say, "Okay, it's not measured out right, and I'm going to stake in here."TP: Yeah, I seen some claims where--yes, I've seen them that way because some of the claims overlap, you know, and then they have a space there when someone made a stake, and then the other one stakesthat. They usually had a little section there, you know, and they usually--one of the companies there will buy them out that way,you know, and that works out pretty good.MP: Were most of the claims in the fifties set up--when you guys wentout prospecting and made these claims, did you do it for the pur-pose of s.elling the claim or working it?TP: We done it for selling it. We'd sell it to some of these big out-fits and they bought it, you know. Some of them were worthlessclaims.MP: Is that right? What was the going price on them?TP: Oh, they'd usually get ab.out ten dollar a claim or something, fifteen,
 PERKINS PAGE 57MP:TP:MP: TP:KB.: MP: TP:twenty on maybe a hundred claims, two hundred, three hundred claims. And how would they determine whether they wanted to buy it or not? Would they check it out, or--?Yeah, they'd send geologists in and they'd look at it. And if they thought there might be some place there that might be pretty good, they'd go ahead and buy it.You were saying there wer some disputes over the mines?Yeah. And I work one down in Las Cruces. Has anybody ever beento Las Cruces, New Mexico?Yeah.Yeah.You know where the university is? Well, east of their university there's a b.ig old hill on top. They've got an observatory up there. The Indians have on one end of the observatory--on the north endof it, the Indians have a shrine. And this mine run right through it, you know, and they was really squawking about it. The univ- ersity and the Indians were fighting us. They had a road up there and they wouldn't let us use it. And, boy, we really--so we builta road off the other way, and they was still fighting when I left.I don't know if they went through with it or not. Boy, I mean theywere fighting. Now the Indians are fighting the observatory because they said it don't belong up there.
 PERKINS PAGE 58TP:for it, what do you look for?Well, you look for where the ground is brown, like these rocks thatI showed you, you know. If you see a quartz vein, and you deter- mine by that, and it mostly runs south. I mean north to south.It pretty well--you can find it just about anywhere just about ---?--- So long as you can find quartz, then you usually find silver under it and lead, and something will show up on it. And then you have what you call your motor(?), you know, and then you pan it, and find the colors in it.Does gold need any color stain?Some of them not, some of them need it. Some of them are almost pure.What color stain would he if there was a stain?Well, then there'd be a brown stain, and you got some that look like copper. I mean, all it is is a different type. Drilling different types of gold, some of it will be black coated, you know. You can't see gold. And then you have wire gold that looks like a bunch.of bailing wife, you know, real beautiful. In the winter(?) mucker there is something unusual up thereb.ecause it comes in a vein with quartz, but it comes in shells. There were prehistoric lakes up there. And it comes in shells:, and in those little old shells you see gold, you know, and that'sJJ: TP:JJ: TP:
 PERKINS PAGE 59something I never seen before.JJ: Do you consider prospecting for gold easier than prospecting foruranium?TP: No, no, b.ecause uranium is usually just in one whole area, youknow. Just like this area here in Four Corners, most of it is uranium. But you go up in higher mountains, you'll find gold, and over in Lisbon Valley you'll find copper. But uranium is pretty easy and you see the outcrops of the formation of the horizontal vein. But your gold and silver and lead and thatgoes down instead of standing up, you know. But most of the uranium is easy to drill. Plus, you can drill for gold, andit might be ten feet wide, but you might miss it by an inch or something. They're pretty hard to drill. What they do is they drill at cross sections when they're drilling at angles to deter-mine how deep it goes. And it's pretty hard to drill.MP: When you were in the uranium mines, did you ever have to guardany of your claims, or carry side arms, or anything? TP: No.MP: No?TP: No, I never have. No, we never have, but I heard a lot of guyshave. We seen a lot of guys carrying guns and pistols. Whenyou meet some of these old prospectors, you ·don't know what they're
 PERKINS PAGE 60going to do.JJ: Do the mining techniques in gold mining vary very much from themining techniques for uranium? TP: Yes, they do.JJ: Do you use jackhannners as well as---?---?TP: Yes, you have what they call the stokers in the gold mines. It'sgot a drill straight up, you know, because that's the only way you can use it. Then in the uranium mine, you've got a jackblade so that you can drill down at any angle you want. But for your gold you usually just have a stoker that goes one way. It lays thisway, but you got to drill up. You got to go way up in there andsometimes I bet you go two, three hundred feet.JJ: How do you set charges for a gold mine?TP: Huh?JJ: How-do you set charges for your gold mine?TP: The same way you do for uranium. You just use a fuse. JJ: Do they use a fertilizer in that too?TP: No, no. It's pretty hard to use that because you have to put your powder straight up in the hole. You know, if you put it in there, it would start pouring out.JJ: Are there very many instances where you can drill straight across this way?
 PERKINS PAGE 61TP: Yes, you usually run the tunnel first under, and then you start finding these high grades coming down, and you go following a high grade all the way to the top sometimes. It gets dangerous when you get almost to the top and then you get to that loose stuff on top, and it start falling down. Well, I seen one mine down in Wickiup where it was about eight hundred feet down, just likethat. And they have a compartment all the way down about every two hundred feet, and have what they call walk-away catwalks. We put in new timbers on the catwalks and ladder and did a lot ofunderground drilling. But it was funny, you know. We was down there about--down there about five hundred feet and we found abunch of goats, you know, big goats. We were told that the Chinese were there a long time ago from the eighteenth--{END OF TAPE]