 JOSEPH A. CHA Price, UtahAn Interview By Winston P. Erickson June 28, 2002SAVING THE LEGACY: An Oral History of Utah's World War II VeteransTape Nos. 460 & 461 American West CenterFort Douglas Military Museum and Marriott LibrarySpecial Collections Department University of UtabSalt Lake City, Utab
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH JOSEPH A. CHA 0 JU E 28, 2002. TH INTERVIEWER IS WINSTON P. ERICKSON. THI I THE PROJE T "SAVING THE LEGACY: AN ORAL HISTORY OF UTAH' WORLD W RII VETERANS." TAPE Nos. 460 & 461.WIN: This is an interview with Joseph A. Cha at his home in Price Utah. Today's date is June 28, 2002. This is part of the "Saving the Legacy Project". My name is Winston Erickson. Mr. Cha's wife, Marion, will also be joining us. Joe, let's start with when and where you were born.JOE: I was born in Kenilworth, Utah, May 27, 1921. WIN: Kenilworth, Utah.JOE: Kenilworth, Utah, is up to the coal mines. WIN: Which was it, Kenilworth?JOE: Kenilworth. [Editor 's note: Kenilworth is about three miles east ofHelper, Utah.]WIN: Okay.JOE: My folks were living up there at the time. It was during the times when they (union organizers) were organizing the coal mines. My father, they (mine management) toldhimthatifhewenttoHelper-they(theunion)hadaparade. Theyweretryingto organize the communities down there-that they (management) would kick him out ofthe camp. So my father still went to the parade in Helper and the company told him he had only three days to get out of the camp, Kenilworth. Although we had relations who werejustaboutaquartermilesouthofKenilworth,hedidn'twanttostaythere. He wanted to go up to Mutual Coal Company, up there in Spring Canyon. So we moved up there. My uncle, John Arronco, Sr., was building a store up there.
 JOSEPH A. CHA J 2 ,2002WIN: At Mutual?JOE: At Upper Mutual. He was involved in the grocery business and he was the typof man to build. He was very smart. So we went up there and we built the store up there and we built a little house up there for us. It was just a three-little-room house. Mygarage here at my house in Price is almost as big as that house that I lived in at Mutual. WIN: Before we go any further, who were your parents?JOE: My parents were Michael Angelo Cha and Mary Pavignano Seosi Cha. I had one half-brother and two other full brothers who were still in our family. We lived at Mutual for twenty-seven years.WIN: When did your parents come to the United States?JOE: My mother came to the United States in 1906 and my father came in 1908 but theydidn'tmeetatthattime. MymotherwasmarriedtoafellowofthenameofJoe Seosi. He was a butcher by trade from the old country. They traveled all over here in the Western part of the United States. They traveled to Scofield, Helper, Sunnyside, Kenilworth. They were up in Diamondville, Wyoming. That's where he was killed. My mother lost her first husband. He was delivering meat. In those days they used the horses and the horses got spooked and ran away and ran over him. So she lost her first husband.Then she came back to Kenilworth and my dad was working in Kenilworth and my dad met my mother, Mary Pavignano Seosi, up there. From there we came back to Mutual.WIN: Okay, what part of Italy did they come from?3
 JO EPHA. CHAJ 22002JOE: They came from Northern Italy Torino. My dad cam fr m a plac all d Piazzo. It's only about fifteen miles north of Torino. My mother cam from a plac called Pavaroni, it's closer to the Alps, further northá it's about thirty-five miles from Torino.WIN: So they're both from Northern Italy?JOE: Both of my folks were.WIN: So they came over here. Did they come with their families or did they come alone?JOE: My mother came with her sister because her sister was already married to this fellow called John Arronco, Sr. He's the one who established that business. He had a business up at Kenilworth and business up in Mutual. My dad came in 1908. He had somesistersinPennsylvania. Iforgetthenameofthetowninacoalminingdistrictin Pennsylvania.WIN: Wilks-Barre?JOE: No, it wasn't Wilks-Barre. It was...I can't remember the name.WIN: Okay.JOE: Then my grandfather also came over. He came over three times. My grandfather tried to get my grandmother to move to the United States, but she didn't want to leave the farm where she was born in the old country where they were living. On my dad's side, my grandfather and grandmother had nine chiJdren. They had six girls and three boys. Some of the girls had married and had come to the United States. Then some of them went back there and my grandfather went back there and lived the rest of his life there until the time they both died in their old age. When my dad came to the United States, he4
 JO EPHA. CHAJ 22002also had a sister in what they called Dawson New Mexico. Th r wa a c al min th r run by (John Barkley) Dawson. He was in the oil and coal and coal mining bu in . He (Mr. Cha's father) had another sister living in Aguila, Colorado. It was just a little ways across the range of mountain from Dawson there. He had relations there. Then he came to Utah.First he came to Utah in 1916. He was working in a coal mine up above Mutual they called Morton. He worked there with some of my other cousins. Then later on he left and he went back to New Mexico. After World War I, he came back to Utah. He worked in the coal mines. He retired from the coal mines. He raised his family up there and moved to Helper.From Helper, I lived there for two or three years and then I met my wife, Marion D'Ambrosio Cha. We got married and we've lived in this house ever since then.WIN: Really? So you grew up in a coal camp.JOE: A coal camp.WIN: You lived in coal camps, first in Kenilworth, then Mutual. Then did you move to Helper?JOE: Yes.WIN: Where did you start school?JOE: Raines, Utah. That's where they had a grade school from first to sixth grade. Then we had to go to Latuda. [Editor's note: Latuda, was a coal mining community located about seven miles west ofthe mouth ofSpring Canyon, at an elevation of6,700feet elevation. Raines, also spelled Rains, was also in Spring Canyon. It is now a ghost town.] Latuda had junior high school, from the seventh to the eighth grade. Then I went5
 JO EPHA.CHAJ 22002one year to Helper. Then I went to College at Carbon High chool. Wa a c mbinati n of high school and a junior college. I graduated from Carbon College now. [Editor ' note: This unusual arrangement ofcombining high school andjunior college wa al o done at Dixie College in St. George, Utah. Students would go grades one through ix in elementary school, then seven through ten in junior high. Then they attended eleventh and twelfth grades ofhigh school, receiving a high school diploma and could continue atthe same schoolfor thefirst two years ofcollege. Carbon High School/College is now the College ofEastern Utah.]WIN: Can you describe your life growing up in the coal camps?JOE: Yes, it was hard. We worked real good (steady) in the fall and winter but in the summertime, we'd get laid off for about four months and most of the time in the springtime we'd start to slow down. [Editor's note: Until the 1950s most people in the intermountain area heated their homes with coal in the winter. There wasn't much air conditioning driving a high demandfor coal-fired electricalpower in the summer. Consequently, demandfor coalfell offin the long warm days ofsummer.] We'd work maybe two or three days a month. In those days, there wasn't any compensation or any relief, like now or unemployment, if you'd get laid off.WIN: No unemployment pay?JOE: They didn't have that until later on in the late 1930s and '40s. Then we started getting more money for unemployment and layoffs. During that time, they were also organizing all these coal mines. Like where I worked at Rains, it was under the United Mine Workers of America, as were the Latuda, Standardville, Spring Canyon, and Peerless. [Editor's note: These are all coal mines and coal camps located in the area6
 JO EPHA.CHAJ 22002around Helper and Price, Utah.] But there were some littl wag n m1n up th r 1n Mutual that weren't unionized, but some of them were.WIN: What job did your dad do in the mines?JOE: He was driving the horses pulling coal. When I worked at the coal mine Iworked on the outside first. I worked twenty-three years on the tipple. [Editor 's note: The tipple was the place or the apparatus that dumped (tipped) the coal out ofthe mine wagons or cars.] We separated coal and we'd make different grades of coal for the customer. It was then shipped by railroad. I did that for twenty-three years. Then I went inside the coal mines at Sunnyside. The Sunnyside Coal Mine was run by Kaiser. When I went up there, it was in the later part of my mining experience. It was in 1968 when I went to work for Kaiser. I worked there for three and a half years. I was working every day. We could even work on Sundays if we wanted to, because at that time, Kaiser was shipping the coal to the Pacific Rim, to Japan, and a little bit to their own furnaces in California.WIN: The Kaiser Steel coal mines?JOE: Yes. (I worked there) until the time I got hurt. I got hurt in 1972. I was fifty-one years old. I was all beat up. It wasn't my fault when I got hurt. Somebody else made a bad error. They parked the machinery in the mine behind what they called the curtain. The curtain keeps the methane gas out of the air and I didn't know it but the coal was only about four feet high. I was on another machine and back into it and I was crushed on the mine machine. It was moving slow. The last thing I remember-! passed out- my lamp was shining on the curtain. They finally found me. They had to jack this other machine up and get me out from it, but I broke all kinds of bones and my shoulder blades7
 JOEPH .CHAJ 22002and my leg had like a compound fracture. I was in the hospital. Th y t k m t thi hospital here. I was in the hospital for over twenty days. Two months later I g t phlebitis. Phlebitis is when the valves in your little veins are destroyed. I got blo d clot in my leg. I wasn't ever able going to back to work because my leg went dark. I've been fighting that, though they saved my leg, thank God, for all those years.WIN: Okay, well let's go back to your childhood. As you were growing up in the coal camps, what would you do as a child after your father would go off to work?JOE: Well, I went to school and my uncle had this store. As we grew older we helped him in the store after school. Not only did he own the store, he had a entertainment center upstairs where they had movies in the old days. At first they were silent movies. Later on, they came out with talking movies and they had dances.We were always doing something. My uncle Joe Pavignano, he was my mother's brother, he always found something for us to do. Not only my mother's family, his family also. We always had to stock the store, clean and pull weeds.WIN: Would he pay you for that?JOE: Oh, yes. And anytime we wanted something, he'd give us candy and cookies and take us to Helper to see shows. We had games. People in the coal camps in those days were close together. W e'd try to help each other. If somebody had trouble or something like that, we'd try to help these families.In those days we children would play different games after school; kick the can or hide and go seek. There were plenty ofplaces to hide and play around. We'd climb ledges because we were right in the steep parts of the mountains. There were big ledges right behind my dad's home there. We played on them.8
 JO EPHA. CHAJ 22002WI : Did the Italian community stay mostly to itself?JOE: Yes, we stayed together and there was the Greek ommunity. They tayed together and the Japanese Community up in Morton they were together. The Au trian stuck together. As a whole it was just like the United Nations. They would help each other.WIN: So the ethnic groups would kind of stay together. But when there was a problem...JOE: Everybody would help each other. They didn't ignore each other. It didn't make any difference whether you were Mormon or Catholic or Greek Orthodox or any other religion, you know? It didn't make any difference at that time. It was during the time of the Depression when it was hard on everybody. People in those days appreciated what they had and they were lucky if their family was healthy. We didn't have much, but we appreciated what we had.WIN: After you turned eight, the country went into the Depression. Did you notice any lessening of your family's financial condition?JOE: Oh, yes. There was hardly anything. In those days my uncle, when he was running the store, he was able to carry on when the people were laid off. He'd carry on and give them groceries. He had these store books. He had them on file. He carried his customers (on credit) through the summertime. When the people who worked in coal mines would go back to work (in the fall), they would come in and pay on their grocery bill they'd run up in the summer. He was able to carry them until they went to work from the fall into the spring. They would pay the bill up and the next summer it was the same routine all over again.9
 JO EPH . HAJ 2202WIN: o during the summer there was little call for coal unle y u w r upplying th railroad right?JOE: Well, most of the coal in those days went to a railroad. But as far as a lot of it people would stock up in the summer for the winter and they'd burn it in their homes. I still have a coal furnace. I have a gas furnace and a gas furnace downstairs. In my garage I have a coal furnace. I still buy three and a half tons of coal and keep my garage warm in the wintertime. I keep it around fifty degrees. Besides, I have my fireplace I built years ago. In 1968 I started up building that fireplace. I've burnt over forty tons ofcoal in that fireplace.WIN: Really? So you grew up and went to school in Mutual?JOE: I started in Rains and Latuda.WIN: Then you went to Helper and then you finished at Carbon High. Did you enjoy school?JOE: No.WIN: You didn't like school?JOE: I didn't like school when I was a child going to school. I don't know. I was in school but I don't know why. I think one reason was that when my parents came from the old country like that, they wanted to learn English and be able to get by. They would talk to us in Italian, but we would answer back in English. As far as homework, they wouldn't be like nowadays when a child comes home, "What's your homework?" They would never say to us, "What's your homework? How come you're not doing this? What are your grades?" If we got Cs and maybe once in a while we'd get a B. If we10
 JO EPH . HAJ 2202tarted failing and got aD they'd want to know How come your failing? But in those days they didn't seem to push.WIN: Did you speak Italian in your home?JOE: Well, I can speak a little but I can't...my folks would talk a dialect. It's from Northern Italy there.WIN: They spoke that in your home?JOE: Yes, in the home. They'd speak to us. Later on, my folks learned English and they could read the paper, the English paper. In the English paper they had a lot ofscience words and that, but they don't in Italian.WIN: You must have had a lot of Greek friends and maybe Japanese friends?JOE: Oh, yes.WIN: When you communicated with them, and your Y ugoslavian friends ...JOE: W e'd talk English.WIN: But then you'd all go home and speak your native languages?JOE: You have it right. Some of them, I remember, when they'd come to the store, some of these Greek people, my uncle and my oldest brother worked in the store and they could understand. They learned some of the words and could understand what they wanted, in Greek and Yugoslavian. Later on, after, during the time of World War II, they learned how to speak some Mexican Spanish. They could understand some Spanish. WIN: Okay, did you graduate from Carbon High School?JOE: Yes, in 1941.WIN: 1941, so you were twenty years old when you graduated?11
 JO EPHA.CHAJ 2 ,2 02JOE: Yes because my birthdays in May, the last part of May. I wa nin t n a tually when I graduated. I missed one year when I was in grade school.WIN: Okay, in high school, or your other schooling, did you participate in any activiti s other than schoolwork?JOE: Well...WIN: Did you participate in any sports or drama?JOE: Yes, I played basketball.WIN: Did you?JOE: Yes, I was five feet ten inches then. I liked basketball and I liked to run races, track races. Another thing I used to do when I was going to high school-it was a heck of a nice school and I started to buckle down and study-1 took a bit of machine shop and drafting and auto mechanics. I got all A's in that.But during that time, my oldest brother had left Utah and gone to California. He went to Berkeley, California. Later on he got married. He met his wife in Helper, Utah, and wanted me to go down there because there were more opportunities and more work because the coal mines had slowed down here. So he wanted me to go down and live with him. Later on, he was working for what they called Hall-Scott Motor. [Editor 's note: Elbert J Hall and Bert C. Scott, formed the Hall-Scott Motor Car Company in Berkeley, California, in 1910 to produce gasoline powered rail cars, called motor cars.] They were making engines for PT boats. Then later on he got a job at the Naval Airbase in Alameda, California.When I went down there first I was working for a place where they were making apple cider. It was a manufacturer that made apple cider and they were shipping it all12
 JO PH . HJ 22002over. They closed down. They laid us off so I got a job at th Naval ir Ba 1n Alameda. I worked there in what they called Ship ervice. It was er icing Na al personnel and officer's cars, taking care of mechanic jobs on their automobiles changing their oil and selling gas. We could buy regular gas at five cents a gallon, ten cents for ethyl. I worked there for a little over a year. Then the war broke out.WIN: So you graduated in the spring of '41 from Carbon High. Then did you immediately go down to California?JOE: I went down about three months after I graduated.WIN: So that would have been in September, maybe?JOE: Y es.WIN: In '41?JOE: Y es.WIN: So the United States actually entered the war after December 7 ofthat year. JOE: December 7, 1941.WIN: Yes. While you were still in high school, did you pay any attention to what was happening in Europe?JOE: Oh, not too much.WIN: What did the Italian community think about what Mussolini was doing?JOE: Well, people were talking about Mussolini and that. A lot of Italians thought that he made a big mistake when he went with the Axis, with Hitler and his mob. He should have never done that. Well, I could see in one way that a lot of Italian people were with Mussolini, because being a small country, there were a lot of poor people there, just like where my father and mother came from. They had to work hard on the farm. They13
 JO EPH . HA J 2 20 2didntgetmuchoutofit. ButonewayIcantseehowHitl randth xt g t much power and were able to develop such a strong military force that th y w re abl t g conquer all those other nations like Poland. But when they (the Italians) went d wn t Greece, they were having a hard time trying to conquer Greece. Hitler went right down there and within two weeks, Greece fell. The Axis armies took over France and Norway.WIN: Before the war started did you pay any attention to what was happening in the war in Europe?JOE: I was in California when the war started.WIN: No, I mean did you follow what happened in Europe after 1939?JOE: Yes.WIN: When Hitler moved into Poland?JOE: It came over the loud speakers that there was an invasion of Poland and different countries.WIN: Did you think that the United States would wind up getting involved?JOE: No, I didn't think so.WIN: You didn't think so?JOE: The only way I thought the United States might get involved was when England was almost about to fall. Germany was bombing England so badly and they were losing in North Africa and Egypt. The Italians had North Africa and Libya. They were pushing the English Army back into Egypt. None of the people I talked to, my friends and schoolmates, thought that maybe we might be involved. But when Japan pulled that sneak attack on the United States, that was it.WIN: You were in California then.14
 JO EPHA. HAJ 2 , 2 02JOE: Yes.WIN: Were you working at the Naval Air Base by then?JOE: Y es.WIN: That must have caused quite a bit of commotion there.JOE: You bet. They increased the guards around the base. We had IDs we had to show to go to our jobs on the base. My oldest brother was working there. He was workingthere as an aircraft mechanic. He worked in a different section there at the Naval Air Base at the time. Later on, I had to sign up with the draft board. They were calling different guys to the draft board and they started drafting them. I knew sooner or later my number would be coming up. So one day I had notification to go to the draft board. They told me at the draft board that there was an opening in the Air Force. I said, "Good, that's what I want to do is go to the Air Force." I was working at the Naval Air Base and I liked the mechanic work. So that's when I enlisted into the Army Air Corps. It wasn't the Air Force yet.WIN: Right, it was the Army Air Corps. Do you remember what day you enlisted? JOE: Yes, it was July 6, I think [papers rustling].WIN: Of 1942?JOE: No, it was November 6, 1942.WIN: Okay, November 6, 1942. So the war had been going eleven months.JOE: Eleven months. It was from Oakland? Alameda? I went to Oakland and went across the Bay Bridge. I went to San Francisco. They had a recruiting station there on Market Street. The number of the building was 444. I remember that.WIN: After all these years.15
 JO EPHA. HJ 22002JOE: There were a bunch of doctors in there. They gave u xaminati nour health was. I passed it. But I was lucky. I only weighed 128 pound . hi d ct r told me, "If you weighed 127 pounds, we wouldn't take you in the service. ' I weighed enough and I was able to volunteer for the Army Air Corps. [Editor ' note: Men like Mr. Cha who voluntarily enlisted had, to some extent, a choice as to whichbranch and area ofthe service they went. Men who were drafted didn 't. Since few volunteeredfor the Army Infantry, men who were drafted usually wound up in the Infantry.] And then we took a test. I guess I must have done all right on that entrance test. From there, they told us we were going to go down to Monterey, California. WIN: Monterey?JOE: Monterey, California. So I went down there to Fort Ord for basic training. [Editor's note: Fort Ord was a US. Army post on Monterey Bay in California. It was established in 1917 as a maneuver area andfield artillery target range. Fort Ord was closed in September 1994. Fort Ord enjoyed one ofthe most attractive locations ofany US. Army post, because o f its proximity to the beach and the fine California weather.] We boarded a train in San Francisco and went down there. We were down there for six weeks doing basic training.After we completed our basic training, we were assigned to Lahunta, Colorado, (to go to aircraft mechanics school). The base was for advanced pilot cadet training, for pilots training to become a pilot for double engine planes. The AT-9 and...AT-17 was a fighter plane, a twin-engine plane. The AT-9 was an all aluminum metal plane. Both had radial engines in them. [Editor's note: The Curtiss AT-9 Jeep/Fledgling advanced trainer was used to bridge the gap between single-engine trainers and twin-engine16
 JO EPHA.CHAJ 22002combat aircraft. The prototype first flew in 1941 ) and the production ver ion entered service in 1942. AT-9s had stressed metal skin construction. The AT-9 wa no/ ea y to fly or land) making it particularly suitable for teaching new pilot to cope with the demandingflight characteristics ofa new generation ofhigh-performance) multi-engine aircraft such as the Martin B-26 and Lockheed P-38. Although the AT-9 originally borethe nickname "Fledgling) JJ it was more widely known as the ((Jeep. JJ Four hundred ninety-one AT-9s and 300 AT-9As were built before production ended in February 1943. The Cessna AT-17 ((Bobcat)) was a twin-engine advanced trainer aircraft used by the United States during World War II to bridge the gap between single-engine trainers and twin-engine combat aircraft. The AT-17 was powered by two Jacobs R-755-9 radial piston engines. The AT-17 was a military version ofthe commercial Cessna T-50 light transport. Both planes had radial engines. Radial engines have their cylinders arranged radially around the crank. In operation the engine cylinders themselves rotate around the crank and turn the prop. There was generally sufficient airflow over fins on the exterior ofthe cylinders to air-cool the engine. In the days before lightweight engine alloys were available this was a great advantage. Radial engines had a much larger power to weight ratio than liquid-cooled in-line engines.] They were Pratt & Whitney engines, small Pratt & Whitney engines. That's where I took some of my basic mechanics schooling, down there. We were there for about...WIN: This was in Colorado?JOE: This was Lahunta, Colorado. I took my mechanics training there for about five months. Then they wanted some of the fellows to go overseas. I volunteered to go overseas.17
 JO PH . HAJ1 2 20 2WIN: You didn t know that in the Army you never olunt r for anything.JOE: Well Iwaslucky. Iknew,IhadafeelingthatIwasgoingtogointoag od outfit. I'm glad I did. When I volunteered to go overseas, some of the fellows who d gone into the service the same time I did from California, they put them in the MPs. Iguess I was lucky because being small and light and having those other qualifications of being a mechanic and stuff like that, they released me from being an MP. I was sent from Lahunta, Colorado-! came right through Price and Helper, but I couldn't get offthe train-I went to Keams, Utah. [Editor's note: During World War II Kearns Air Base served primarily as a training field for Air Corps personnel. It was intended as a temporary wartime base. The base officially opened on July 20, 1942, and on August 15 it became a basic training center. The trainingfacilities included a grenade-throwing ground, a gas demonstration area, beachhead maneuvers, and a mile-long obstacle course. Additionally, Kearns Air Base had Utah's second largest hospital, one oftwo sewage treatment plants in the state, one ofthe largest dental installations in the country, and the nation's second largest rifle range. By the spring of1943, Kearns had grown intoUtah 's third largest city and at its peak, stationed 40,000 troops and employed nearly1, 200 civilians.]WIN: Right up to Kearns?JOE: There we had advanced training to go overseas. I was there for about a month. It was advanced training to get us ready to go overseas. Then we got orders and got on the train again and came through Helper again, that made twice. I went to Camp Shanks inNew York. [Editor's note: Camp Shanks, located in Orangeburg, Rockland County, New York (aka "Last Stop USA.''), was the final stateside stop for 1.3 million soldiers who18
 JO EPH . HAJ 222were proce ed through thi staging area and preparedfor departure from Pi rmonl Pi r to the European Theater ofOperations. Units boundfor France were hipped over eafrom a pier, approximately four miles away, where a monument marks their embarkation. Units boundfor England were transported to the New York Port ofEmbarkation (NYPE).] Camp Shanks, we were there about two weeks. Then we got orders to board the USS America. Actually, it was a passenger ship that was converted into a troop transport ship. [Editor 's note: USS America, a 21, 085-ton transport, was built at Belfast, Northern Ireland, as the German passenger liner Amerika. Completed in October 1905, she spent the next nine years on the Hamburg-America Line 's service between Germany andtheUnitedStates. ItwascaughtinBostonattheoutbreakofWorldWarI,seized and converted into an American troop ship. In 1921 she was reconverted to a passenger ship but was decommission in the 1930s. She was reactivated in late 1940 and renamed the U S Army Transport USS Edmund B. Alexander. Authorities didn 't want to risk havingtheGermanssinkashipnamedAmerica.] Theremusthavebeenabout3000 soldiers aboard that ship. Everywhere we looked, it was full. It traveled in a convoy and that convoy pulled out in the middle of a beautiful day. That night, after twelve o'clock or so, I can remember, we hit a storm. Everybody started getting seasick. I think I was on the port side of the ship, on top of the main deck. We were stacked in bunks on top of each other, three thousand officers and men aboard this ship. In our convoy there were battleships and cruisers for protection. I'll always remember that I was sick for about three days going over. It took us eleven days to go over to Oran in North African. We landed in Oran. Before then my squadron, the Third Photo Group and the Twelfth Photo Squadron had just pulled out of Algiers and moved over to Tunis.19
 JO EPHA. HJ 2202WI : When did you get assigned to that squadron? JOE: Well, I was not assigned to the squadron.WIN: Was that in Kearns?JOE: I must have had the orders all ready cut when I left Kearns Utah, because it didn t state that on my discharge. This is just a copy of my discharge here.WIN: So you didn't know the people you were going to be with when you went to Keams?JOE: They didn't tell us anything.WIN: So you were assigned and joined your squadron at Camp Shanks?JOE: No, I joined my squadron in Tunis.WIN: Oh, so you didn't have members of your squadron with you going there?JOE: We were just going to the European-North African Theatre of Operations and that's all. When we got to Tunis they said, "You're going to go to the Third Photo Recon and the Twelfth Photo Squadron." [Editor's note: Typically, when servicemen who hadn't been part ofa particular unit when it was formed arrived in the theater of operations, they would be sent to a replacement depot to await assignment to a unit. Mr. Cha 's training as a mechanic on twin-engine aircraft would have narrowed down the assignment options for him quite a bit.]WIN: So that's the first time you knew what your assignment would be?JOE: When we got there. Going there, from Oran, we were in these French trains. Oran was in Spanish Morocco but Algiers was in French North Africa. When we went from Morocco to Algiers, we were in Algiers for about three or four days. The squadron had pulled out from Algiers to go to Oran (Tunis?) to LaMarse. There was a little town20
 JO EPH . HAJ 28 200211called LaMar e. [Editor ' note: From online unit hi torie : The 12' PhotographicSquadron was officially known by several different names. It started the war a the 12'" Observation Squadron in 1942. After May 1943, it became the 12'h Reconnai sance Squadron (fighter) until November when it became the 12'h Tactical Reconnai sance Squadron until the end ofthe war. In World War II, the size ofa squadron varied according to plane type and mission but usually a P-38 squadron consisted ofabout eighteen planes. An Air Group usually was composed offour squadrons. The 1ih Photo Squadron was one ofseveral squadrons that made up the 3rd Photographic Group (seebelow). The 3rd Photographic Group was part ofthe Mediterranean Allied Photographic Reconnaissance Wing (MAPRW), then the North African Photographic Reconnaissance Wing. The 3rd Photographic Group activated on 20 June 1942. It was redesignated the 3rd Photographic Reconnaissance and Mapping Group in May 1943, again renamed the 3rd Photographic Group (Reconnaissance) in Nov 1943, andfinally named 3rd Reconnaissance Group in May 1945. The group was sent via Eng/an, to the Mediterranean Theater in November-December 1942, and assigned to Twelfth Air Force. It started by using F-4 and F-5 reconnaissance aircraft (see Editor's note on Pages 22 & 23, below) andprovidedphotographic intelligence that assisted the campaignsfor Tunisia, Pantelleria, Sardinia, and Sicily. The 3rd reconnoitered airdromes, roads, marshalling yards, and harbors both before and after the Allied landings at Salerno. It covered the Anzio area early in 1944 and continued to support US Fifth Army in its drive through Italy by determining troop movements, gun positions, and terrain. The 3rdflew reconnaissance missions in connection with the invasion ofSouthern France in August 1944 and also mapped areas in France and the Balkans. It was inactivated in Italy on 1221
 JO PH . HAJ 222ep 1945. During the war the Third Photo Group wa campo ed ifthe follow in 1 11Reconnais ance Squadrons at various times: The 5 h, 1942-19-15,á Mr. ha ' 12' , 19-12- 1 1 1171945,á the 13 h, 1942-1943; the 14 h, 1942-1943,á the 15 , 1942-194-+,á and the 23rd, 19-1-1- 1945. The 3rd Photo Group was stationed in: Colorado Springs, Colorado, 20 Jun-13 Aug 1942,á Membury, England, 8 Sep 1942,á Steeple Morden, England, 26 Oct-22 Nov 1942,á La Senia, Algeria, 10 Dec 1942,á Algiers, Algeria, 25 Dec 1942,á La Marsa, Tunisia, 13 Jun 1943,á San Severo, Italy, 8 Dec 1943,á Pomigliano, Italy, 4 Jan 1944,á Nettuno, Italy, 16 Jun 1944,á Viterbo, Italy, 26 Jun 1944,á Corsica, c. 14 Jul 1944,á Rasia, Italy, c. Sep 1944,á Florence, Italy, 17 Jan 1945,á Pomigliano, Italy, 26 Aug-12 Sep 1945.The individual squadrons ofthe 3rd were probably more dispersed. The 3rd had a dozen different commanders during the war including Colonel Elliott Roosevelt, the President 's son, who was in commandfrom September 30, 1942 until March of1943.] Some ofthose trains that took us from there-! guess it was twenty-four or thirty hours we were on those trains traveling. I have pictures of them in this album you can have afterwards to make copies of. I was there with the Third Photo Group for the two and a half years I spent overseas. I spent five months in the United States before that.WIN: Okay, so you must have gotten into Africa sometime around the end of 1943. Is that right?JOE: Before '43.WIN: You joined in November of 1942. Your basic training would have taken you close to Christmas '42.JOE: I was over there and it was still hot. It was in September ' 43 when I joined the squadron.22
 JO PHA.CHA J 2 202WIN: o five months of training would have taken you up until May. h n a upl f months in camps in Kearns, and Shanks and then going over that would put y u th r tn September of '43.JOE: Yes.WIN: So you got over there and joined your unit. Your unit was stationed first in North Africa.JOE: We were in Oran, the first place we stopped was there when I was assigned to that APO [Mr. Cha may have been assigned to his squadron but hadn'tjoined them yet, when he was in Oran.] I remember I had to pull guard duty when I was in Oran. They had all those military supplies. This second lieutenant was in charge. He was the officer of the day. So he had us pull guard. The first gun I had was an old Springfield bolt-action rifle. I was pulling guard at nighttime. We had a password. They'd come and check on us to see. I was staying in the dark part of it so they didn't spot me. Somebody drove up in a jeep and I hollered, "Halt, come forward and be recognized! " So they stepped out of the jeep and were recognized and gave the password. Then we talked and then gave them permission to leave. Then they said, "Keep on following your orders through." So that's what we'd do. We stayed there.But when we went to Algiers, the unit had already moved on. We were sleeping on marble floors with sleeping bags and with our blankets. No, we didn't even have sleeping bags. We had blankets.WIN: Just a little blanket?JOE: And mattress covers. If you think that's hard, try to sleep three or four days on a marble floor and eat C-rations.23
 J PH.HJ 2202WI : o when did you finally get to your squadron? JOE: eptember.WIN: September?JOE: Yes of '43.WIN: So where were they when you finally joined them? JOE: Well, they were at LaMarse, in Tunis.WIN: LaMarse?JOE: Yes.WIN: This was a Photo Reconnaissance Squadron. JOE: Yes.WIN: They flew P-38s.JOE: P-38s, that's right.WIN: So you were responsible for what?JOE: Being a crew chief. First I was assistant crew chief. Then I became a crew chief and mechanic on P-38s. That P-38 that I was a crew chief on, it was a J-Series. To me it was the most beautiful plane that was in World War II. They were photo recon planes and they didn't have any defenses (guns) to defend themselves. [Editor 's note: P-38s were designed as fighters and were ordinarily armed with four .50 caliber machine guns and a 20 mm cannon.] They didn't have a gun in them. They were designed to hold cameras to take aerial photographs of enemy positions on the ground. They had a thirty- six inch camera. They had a twenty-four inch camera. They had a twelve-inch camera. They could take photographs from the port or starboard sides and the cameras were operated by the pilot. [tape beeps]24
 JO PHA. HJ 2202WIN: Excu e me.END OF SIDE A, TAPE ONEWIN: We were talking about your P-381 outfitted to take photographs with cameras and they could take photographs from either side.JOE: Or the port side of the plane flying horizontal.[Editor's note: The Lockheed P-38 Lightning was a twin-engine fighter aircraft. The aircraft had distinctive twin booms running backfrom each wing-mounted engine, which connected the double tail ofthe plane to the wing. A single, central nacelle mounted on the wing between the engines contained the pilot and armament. The plane had nofuselage, per se, other than the booms. The radical new design (by Kelly Johnson of Lockheed Skunkworks fame) and rush to production meant that many design modifications and improvements needed to be made to the plane as the war progressed. Over twenty-five different models ofthe P-38 were produced ofwhich the P-38Gs, P- 38Js, and P-38Ls were the most numerous. A total of8000 Gs, Ls, and Js were produced. Early in the war, over a hundred P-38Es were completed in the factory or converted in the field to a photo-reconnaissance variant, called the F-4, in which the guns were replaced by four cameras (This "F-4 " was an Army Air Corps designation for the reconnaissance version ofthe Army's P-38E and shouldn't be confused with the US Navy 's F4F Wildcat and F4U Corsair.) When the P-38H model became available, some ofthese were field-modified into F-4A and F-5A reconnaissance aircraft. One F-5A was modified to an experimental two-seat reconnaissance configuration, with additional25
 JO PH . H2 20 2amera in the tail boom . Lockheed modified 200 P-3 J airfram in produ tion I become unarmed F-5B photo-reconnaissance aircraft while hundred ofother P-3 J. and P-3 Ls were field-modified to become F-5Es, F-5Fs, and F-5G .]WIN: What were your responsibilities in maintaining this aircraft?JOE: Well, we had to preflight the plane and get it ready for the pilot. We checked th engines. We'd start them up and check the engines. It was only allowed a hundred rpm drop on the engine, that's in rpm. If it dropped more than a hundred then we usually knew what it was. It was a spark plug that was fouling up because they had twoignitions. They had one offthe magneto, and they had a backup. We'd check the instruments to make sure they had oil, gas, hydraulic fluid, that the reservoir was full, that the engine oil was full. We checked the coolant that kept the engine cool because it was an in-line engine. It was V-1710 Allison Engine. It was a twelve-cylinder engine that developed between 1300 and later on up to 1400 horsepower in each engine. If there was anything wrong, we had to fix it. In this picture right there...most of the controls on it like the flap on the side, they were manual. The pilots had to work those to keep the temperature so that the engine was working at full capacity. It was the same with the oil cooler. Theyhadtheirinstrumentstherethattoldthemthetemperatureoftheoilandthe rest of the instruments told them if the fuel was okay and oil pressure was okay. We kept the plane clean and wiped down. We checked the super turbo, which was driven by the engine exhaust from the plane. They had little buckets on that supercharge, just like a turbine. We were allowed only so many thousandths of an inch separation. If it was over that distance, that supercharger had to be changed. If it was a small job, we could do it ourselves. We also had an engineering section for, like if an engine came in and when26
 JO EPHA.CHA J 2 2002 we changed the oil after a preflight and mission. We had a tw nty-fi h ur in p cti n.We had a fifty-hour inspection. We had a hundred-hour inspection. If the pilot w uld break the seal (on the throttle) to escape, that's the only way he could get away and defend himself was by speed. They would fly almost 400 mile per hour. They'd fly up at thirty thousand feet. But if he broke that seal on the throttle we had to drain the oil. Onthis oil pump or crankshaft, there was a magnet. If it had any shavings or any metal from the pistons or the rods, we brought that plane over to engineering department where they'd yank that whole engine out and put another engine in it, preflight it, check the oil out. There was a crew of about seven or eight men working in that engineering department. They would put it back online. Then the pilot would come and check it out, fly it and test it.WIN: On a P-38, did the engines tum in the same direction on both sides or did they counter rotate?JOE: No. [Editor's note: The engines counter-rotated. The top ofthe props both spun towards the wingtips awayfrom the cockpit. Ifone engine was lost, there was significant amount oftorque from the remaining engine that needed to be compensatedfor by the pilot.]WIN: They were counter rotating? So that would mean you'd have to have either a right or left engine.JOE: Yes, there was a right or left, port and starboard. Those propellers were general electric (three bladed) propellers, with variable pitch. They could (be adjusted to) grab more air (at slow speed). The pilot could control the propeller pitch from the cockpit. WIN: They were variable pitch?27
 JO EPHA.CHAJ 22002JOE: They were variable pitch propellers.WIN: Okay.JOE: The system on that plane was a twenty-four volt system. It had a trongberg- Carlson Carburetor. The performance of that in-line engine was magnificent.WIN: When you prepared the aircraft, did you prepare the cameras also or was thatsomebody else.JOE: No, that was the other members of the Air Force.WIN: They had a separate...JOE: A separate lab. The lab department would come and take the magazines out of the cameras just as the plane would land. They would bring them to the lab and develop the pictures. We were attached, when we were in North Africa, to the US Fifth Army under General (Mark W.) Clark. They (Fifth Army's G2 (intelligence) Section) wanted thosephotographsrightaway. TheplaneIwasworkingon--Mostofthemhadtheradio behindthepilot. Buttheradiotechnicianstooktheradiooutofthecockpitandputitina tail boom (to make room) so a person could ride back there or could carry the developed photos. When those photographs came out from the lab my plane would fly them to the different Army headquarters and to General Clark. He wanted those pictures. They'd distribute them.WIN: So they'd land, develop the pictures and then use the same plane to fly them over to where Clark was.JOE: Yes, that's what my plane was doing. But they could take that plane up and take photographs also.28
 JO EPHA.CHAJ 22002WIN: I guess the missions of the airplanes then was, was it to a s s bomb damag r was it to photograph enemy troop locations?JOE: Well, we lost a pilot and P-38. I was assistant crew chief on this plane. It was a brand new plane. It was a G-series, a beautiful plane. Everything on that plane was automatic. They even came out with hydraulic ailerons. The pilots were kind of worried about that hydraulic aileron, you know? It was a new modification to that plane. This pilot, I don't remember his name. He was a second lieutenant. He took off. That's whenthey were pulling the invasion of the Anzio beachhead. He went to fly to photograph that and the plane never did come back. The guys waited at the airbase there but he never did come back. That's the only plane that we lost when I was there during the war.WIN: That's the only one you lost?JOE: But this Lieutenant Toomey, he was shot down twice. Twice he was shot down over enemy lines. He lost both planes but he was able work his way back to the squadron.WIN: Did he fly again?JOE: Oh, yes. He loved to fly. He, like some others of those pilots, took two tours. [Editor's note: In the Air Corps pilots or other air crew who completed a.fixed number of combat missions (a tour) or were eligible to rotate home. Length ofa tour early in the war was twenty-five combat missions. This was later increased to thirty-five combatmissions.] They'd fly a tour, go home, come back and go on a second tour. They'd fly. It's just like they say, "If you get bucked off a horse, you'd better climb right back on him, again." That's what they'd do.29
 JO EPHA.CHJ 22002WIN: I heard that if you were shot down and made it back you could a k t b nt home.JOE: Yes they would send them home, but they'd come back for a second tour. WIN: They wanted to come back.JOE: It's just like this Captain Hill; he was our CO (commanding officer) at the time. We had a lot of CO's: Bart, Captain Hill, and a lot of them. He came in one day and his one engine had received some flak. He came in and landed on one engine. But he landed that plane. He went down the runway just as straight as an arrow. Most of our runways were mats; they had those landing mats on (interlocked, perforated steel planking) because we were out in the country.WIN: So how long were you in North Africa?JOE: I stayed in Africa for two and a half years.WIN: You were in Africa that long?JOE: Except for five months in the States.WIN: Did they ever move your squadron to Italy?JOE: Yes, my squadron...after the fall ofthe Palermo area in Sicily, our squadron, thelihPhotoSquadronofthe3rdPhotoGroup,air-mappedthewholeislandofSicily. It covered a whole big wall. After the fall of the Palermo area, when they got ready to invade, the armies, Patton and Clark and all the other generals, decided to land in Italy; they landed in Salerno, Italy. As they advanced in Southern Italy there they also advanced on the Adriatic side at Bari and Foggia, Italy.Our squadron boarded LSTs, (landing ship, tank) these transport landing ships and they went to Naples. They landed there. Before our squadron took off, I was picked30
 JO EPHA.CHA J 2 2002 to go to-b cause I knew how to talk a little bit ofItalian and I und r t d ltalian- t gto Bari and Foggia to help establish headquarters for the 3rd Photo Group. o th r wer about five of us. We boarded a jeep on a DC-3 and took that with us with our gear and we landed in Bari, Italy. When we got over in Bari, there was a lieutenant colonel who was in charge of establishing the HQ. So we went from there and went to Foggia. I was gone for about a month. We established this headquarters where they had the medical officers for the officers for the 3rd Photo Group.Meanwhile, I wanted to go back to my squadron, the l i 11 Aerial Photo. There was a warrant officer we had to bring over and we had to bring another lab truck. They weredevelopingalotofphotosinthislab. Wealwaysneededalotofwatertodevelop the film because they were developing thousands and thousand of films a day. So we brought that van back to Naples. So I was back with my squadron. I was happy to get back to my squadron.WIN: Okay, so the group was set up in various places, each squadron in a different place in Italy?JOE: Yes.WIN: And the Headquarters of the group was over near Bari or        JOE: Foggia. [Editor's note: Online history ofthe 3rd places its headquarters at Severo, ten or twelve miles north o f Foggia.] It's a big city.WIN: Yes.JOE: They were bombed pretty heavily because the Germans bombed it and then we turned around and bombed it again. There was a captain; his name was Johnson. Theyhad a girlfriend over there, an Italian girlfriend. But she was from the. she lived in a31
 JO EPHA. HA2 2002townontheAdriatic ea. Onenight shewantedmetotakeh rbackh m . It ka jeep. She came with me. It was about thirty-five miles from Foggia. I brought h r h m there and was coming back and I noticed it was getting dark and there were a bunch ofItalian people traveling on these roads. They had these carts and horses and I guess th ir food and they were moving in the dark. It was a good thing I saw them. I had to slow down fast. They were scattered all over the damn road. If I would have hit them, I would have piled them all up.WIN: Okay, so you met up with your squadron again, and resumed your activities again of preparing the planes?JOE: Yes.WIN: Did you stay the rest of the war in Italy?JOE: Y es, I stayed there until the end o f the war.WIN: Did your base move further north as time went on or did they keep you there? JOE: No, we kept advancing all the time.WIN: You kept moving northward?JOE: Yes.WIN: Where were some of the other places where you were stationed?JOE: That's what I was looking in here for [looking through papers or album]. Well, we went to, well, in Naples, there were about eight of us and with a guide; we were stationed up on the side of Mount Vesuvius. With this guide, we went up on the top of Mount Vesuvius. We climbed up there and we could see, when we got towards the top, we could see the lava. It was red. It was quite an experience to be able to walk up to the top ofthe mountain and see how that lava forms and how hot it gets. It was still hot. A32
 JO EPHA. H J 2 2002 month later that Mount Vesuvius started to erupt. It started billowing m k ut f thatmountain. We didn't feel any tremors or shaking or anything and we were living about a fourth of a mile away. When that mountain started erupting the lava came down and came into this town and started covering this town. The Italian people started moving out. Our quarters, where we were staying, were in this schoolhouse, which the Army had taken over. They took it over for our squadron. We traveled from there to the airport in six-by-six Army trucks. I was there and was able to witness that lava coming down into that town. The town was called...it was the upper part of the town. [Editor 's note: As of 2007, the eruption of Vesuvius ofMarch 1944 was the last eruption that occurred atVesuvius. Preliminary seismic activity began March 13, 1944. This activity lasted intermittently until the 18th. At 16.30 (local time) on the 18th a lavaflow rapidly began to form. By evening there were several lava flows on Gran Cono. The next day lavaflows reached Fossa della Vetrana, and by evening lava reached the first houses in the towns ofMassa and S. Sebastiana. The next couple ofdays lava plowed almost a mile into the villages. Lava fountains formed on the volcano March 21 and lasted until the nextday. The lastlavafountain culminatedwiththeformation ofasustainedashplume and the formation ofsmall pyroclastic flows on the flank ofthe volcano and then activity slowly subsided, ending on the 291h ofMarch.The eruption of Vesuvius caught the Allied military stationed there by surprise and destroyed the Air Force planes stationed in the airport ofTerzigno east ofthe mountain. An entire group ofeighty-eight B-25s was damaged by the eruption. There were afew casualties also caused by the steam explosion ofa water tank infested by a33
 JOEPHA.CHA J 2 202lavaflow. The greate t civilian lo es re ultedfrom the de true/ion ofthe villa e if . Seba tianoandMassabythelavaflow.]WIN: When Vesuvius erupted it destroyed a number ofplanes on one base. Did y ur... JOE: Yes, that was on the other side.WIN: So your area didn ' t get any?JOE: Our area was fine. The only thing we had to worry about was the lava.WIN: So the wind blew the ash the other way, to the east side?JOE: Yes, what happened during the eruption was 4000 feet up, the ash went over and it started falling down on that airbase where they had B-25s. They were able to fly some ofthem out. But some ofthem they weren't able to fly out because there was so much ash fall that I believe they lost some of those B-25s.WIN: Yes, it destroyed a number of them.JOE: They did lose a number of them there.WIN: The problem was is they would fly up and get the ash into their engines.JOE: Yes, if it got into the engines and the engines would plug up, then down it would go.WIN: So they lost a lot of planes on the ground and I guess they may have lost some in the air, but your base was around on the other side.JOE: The other side. The wind was blowing from the west to the east.WIN: So you were on...JOE: We were on the west side. We were lucky.WIN: Okay, so as you moved up Italy, did you keep track of what was happening in the war?34
 JO PHA.CHA2 2002JOE: Y es.WIN: Did you get Star and Stripes or did you have other ways to find ut what wa happening?JOE: We'd get this paper here, the Pinpoints it was called. This Pinpoints came out every so often. It would describe what was going on in our war with the Axis and the Allies in Europe and what was happening in the war with Japan and in Russia. They were first losing territory and then they were gaining territory. The United States came inand helped the Russians and started giving them P-51 s and helped them build up their Air Force. They were able to come back and overcome the Germans and the Axis.WIN: So you were given a pretty good notion of how the war was going the whole time. JOE: There were some comics and...WIN: Okay. What would you do in your time when you weren't busy with your job maintaining airplanes?JOE: Oh, I usually used to go to read up on these manuals that we had and try and learn more about the plane and how to repair it. Sometimes we'd travel around, like the time we went up on Mount Vesuvius. We went to Pompeii too. A bunch of us went to Pompeii.WIN: Did you have much interaction with the Italian people while you were there? JOE: Oh, I talked to some of them. There were some people that I talked to. Some of the Italian people were communists. I was surprised. But some were in the Italian Government-they were under Mussolini before the time we got there. Some of them werestillundertheItalianking. HewasmoreofapuppetafterMussolinitookoverthe35
 JO EPHA. HAJ 22002Italian Government. We d talk about it. I try and see if I could explain my lf and talk to them.WIN: Was there a good black market over there? Could you sell your cigarett s?JOE: I'd trade my cigarettes with the guys at the squadron there. They'd give me a coke or stuff like that for them. I'd trade them because I didn't smoke. Some of the guys in our squadron went to-when we were up in Pisa, they went to what they called Leghorn, which is Livomo in Italian. They went to a brewery. I was on duty that day, soI couldn't go. I was on duty when to the Adriatic side up to the city there on the other side; Verona.JOE: Not Venice?WIN: Venice. I was on duty that day too.JOE: You got left out of everything.WIN: I got left out of two places but I got to see other parts of the country.JOE: You'd think that they'd want to take you because you could speak Italian.WIN: Well, I could speak a little bit but some of those guys had been over there before and they could pick it up. I was lucky though. I was in the best squadron. Thank God for it because when we were stationed in Florence above Florence there, I spoke with this fellow. He was a staff sergeant in the Infantry. He'd come down and pick up these recruits, infantry replacements for the Fifth Army for the front line. They'd replace the casualties. He'd stay at our headquarters base there above Florence. It was outside of Florence about fifteen miles, the base. (The fighting in Italy was hard) especially in the fall and winter when it started raining. They had this combat in the mud and the six by six supply trucks were having a hard time getting supplies through. It was cold and they36
 JO EPHA. HA J 2 ,2002 had to fight the mud and everything trying to gain between as1n and Anzithere. They were trying to break that line so they could go to Rome. ctually th y did break it and then the Allies gained ground fast. The Germans almost pushed the lli s off the beachhead.WIN: At Anzio.JOE: At Anzio Beachhead. That's where they gave us more weapons (rifles) and we carried those weapons. But it was a lot different being a mechanic and a crew chief than being a regular military personnel in the Infantry.WIN: So you eventually got up into Northern Italy?JOE: Oh yes. They flew us from Civitavecchia, that's where our main squadron was stationed. They finally flew us from there with a bunch ofDC-3s. We flew everything up there. The tables, all the kitchen personnel, all the equipment, we flew up to Verona with DC-3s.WIN: C-47s?JOE: Yes, C-47s were (the Army Air Corps version of) DC-3s. The DC-4 was a four- engine job. DC-3 was a two-engine job.WIN: The military version was a C-47.JOE: Yes, we were there and they established a...the engineers went in there and they established for us an Air Force runway with landing mats. It was pretty nice. Actually, it was farmland. It was on the level and in the background we could see the Alps Mountains. And Verona was just on the foot of the terrain of the mountains where it started rising into the Alps. We stayed there until the end of the war. We were there about...let's see, that was...we were up into, was it May? I think, March? Anyway, it37
 JO PHA. HAJ 22002ended May 7 1945. The pilots got in their P-38s and came buzzing v r th fi ld and diving. It was quite a sight to see them take off.WIN: They did that when the war ended on May 7 1945?J0 E: That's when the war ended, there in Italy.But the most important point comes up now. I'd had...to be able to go home with the lih Photo Squadron, I had to have eighty-two points and I had eight-one points and I wasn't able to go home. [Editor 's note : After the war ended, men were discharged accordingtoapointsystem. Menreceivedsomany"points"forlengthofservice,time overseas, time in combat and/or doing other hazardous duty, such as being a paratrooper or being on the crew ofa submarine,for medals received, wounds received, number of dependants, etc. A man neededto acquire so manypointsfor discharge. In Mr. Cha's case, he needed eighty-two.] So I was assigned to that different squadron. They flew P- 47 Thunderbolts. They called them Coke Bottles. There were about fifteen of us from our squadron who didn't have enough time to go home.So that was a different plane altogether. P-47s had a single Pratt & Whitney thirty-six cylinder radial engine with a supercharger on the belly. On P-38s, the supercharger was up on top of the tail booms. We could check them. We had to pull the props through them every morning. If there was any oil down in a cylinder we'd pump it out before we preflighted them. The cockpit was different. The supercharger was simple. We'd just pull a little lever and it would kick the supercharger in and we could watch the manifold pressure go up or go down. We'd check it out. We were there and training on those for about two weeks on those P-47s.38
 J PH.H222hy boarded a ship. Then I flew back to Naples with some of our crew m mb r and pil ton a B-25. Our squadron had B-25s. We had a YB-25 and we had a B-17 fi r photographing too and a B-25 for photographing. We got back to Naples.Then we boarded a ship called the USS Hawaiian Shipper. It was a cargo ship. It was a large cargo ship. We started setting offfrom Naples. When I boarded ship...let's see. We were on that for twenty-days. We were going on the Atlantic Ocean. The first day I was seasick, but I was only sick for that one day. I said, "I'm going to get over this seasickness right away." So I got against the porthole where they loaded the cargo and I said, "I'm going to run it all out right here." So I did. We went down towards the Pacific Ocean. It was smooth, beautiful all the way. Just before we got to the Panama Canal, that's when they dropped the atomic bomb. They decided to drop that on Japan. Then they dropped the second one.Meanwhile, we got orders. We went through the Panama Canal from the Atlantic side to the Pacific side to Balboa, Panama. We were there for about a week. We were sleeping in this hanger at this base there at Balboa. They came out and said, "The Japanese are going to surrender on the Missouri battleship." So we got new orders and went through the Panama Canal again, and went to New York City, to New Jersey to the Hudson River. We passed the Statue of Liberty twice.WIN: So they shipped you back through the Panama Canal to the East Coast?JOE: Yes.WIN: With your planes and everything?Thenw g torderstogotoNapl . Thepilotsfl wth P-47 t39
 JO PH . H2 2002JOE: Ye our planes and all were aboard. But when we g t t amp h nkthe New Jersey side they were going to send us to North arolina. Th y want d u t send some of our gear. owe sent most of our gear to North Carolina.WIN: Okay. So you'd been in some time. How many points did you have by th n?Were you still short a point?JOE: Was I still short? No, I made up that point. When I got to Camp Shanks, when I'd been on board this ship they said, "Now you've got eighty-two points. We'll send you home. You can go and get your discharge." So I came to Fort Douglas and got my discharge there at Fort Douglas.But during the time I was overseas, my commanding officer was Elliot Roosevelt, 1son of the President. He was the commanding officer of the 90 h Wing. He was over the groups in North Africa then. Later on he became a brigadier general over the whole photographic units of North Africa and Europe. [Editor's note: Elliott Roosevelt was thefourth ofFranklin and Eleanor's six children. He flew a P-38 Lightning in the North African campaign ofNovember 1942. He attained the rank ofBrigadier General in 1945. During World War II he accompanied FDR as a military attache to the Casablanca meeting and the subsequent Cairo and Tehran Conferences.As an Army photo reconnaissance pilot, he and the men in his unit also played a key role in the Allied operations. Elliott describes his experiences with his father during the war years in his book, "As He Saw It". Elliott was involved in many different careers during his life, including a Texas radio station owner, a rancher, andfor a term in the 1960s asthe mayor ofMiami Beach, Florida. He was also the author ofnumerous books, including a best selling mystery series in which his mother, Eleanor Roosevelt, is the40
 JO EPH .CHJ 22002detective. He wa marriedfive time and hadfive children andfour tep hildr n. Elliot/ Roosevelt died in 1990 at the age 80 of congestive heartfailure. ] He becam a g n ral. Ithought I'd better get that in.WIN: Okay so you came home and were discharged at Fort Douglas. Did you go back to Price?I came back to Price. I went through.This time you got to stop?Well, first we stopped in Salt Lake at Fort Douglas where I got my discharge.JOE:WIN:JOE:Then I boarded a bus and came home. I was back to the coal mines. I didn't want to go back to California again because the traffic down there and the people who were down there. The California Coast was exploding with people. I hated it. I didn't want to go back. My oldest brother wanted me to go back there and I told him, "No."WIN: He stayed there?JOE: Because I think I had coal mining in my veins. My dad was a coal miner. My grandfather was a coal miner. So I came back home instead. When I was getting my discharge, this lieutenant asked me, "Do you want to go in the Reserves?" I said, "No, Sir." I said, "When I get my discharge, I'll have put in one month short ofthree years in the Army Air Corps and the Air Force." I said, "I want to be out of that." There's a lot of difference being in the military. It wasn't bad when we were overseas but when we got back to the United States, the military closes in on you. You have to carry out all their orders and everything. So I wanted to come back.WIN: So you went down to Price and went back to work in the coal mines. What mine did you work in?41
 JO PH . H222tah. I worked at Sunnyside, Utah, for Kaiser Steel. When I was a kid I worked £ r my unclHe had a coal mine. It was called the Arronco Coal Mine up there (situated in ordingly Canyon) above Kenilworth. It was a truck mine. [Editor 's note: Photo ofthe Arronco Coal Mine are available online. The mine started in 1937 and closed in 1946. It wa owned by John Arronco Sr. (Mr. Cha 's uncle) and run by sons, John and Peter. Truck mines just sold coal to the local market.]WIN: A truck mine, okay.JOE: A truck mine, yes. I worked for twenty-seven years in coal mines or on the outside and the inside total.WIN: Mining changed a great deal over that time.JOE: Oh, it changed enormously. It was nothing like when I was working up at Kenilworth for my uncle. In those days, you had to do everything by hand with handwork, picks and shovels. When had a cutting machine to cut coal and we had to drill it. First we would drill it by hand. Later on we had what we called a coal drill. It was an electric drill. We had a big generator outside. This generator would make 250 volts. It was 250 DC voltage. We could run the cutting machine and electric drill and we had an electric motor and mine cars. We had a hoist to pull the coal out. We loaded the coal by hand. Me and my brother would go down that road and there'd be about seven or eight mine cars. Each one of those cars would hold two and a half to three tons of coal. It wasjust to make money. In those days, things were hard. Later on, they closed the mine down and sold it to Kenilworth-Utah. They sold it to another coal company. I went to work with these other coal companies.JOE: I worked in Rain s Utahá Latuda Utahá I work d in tandard ill42
 JO PHA. CHAJ 2202WIN: When you got back of course, the mines were unioniz d and did that impr conditions?JOE:WIN:JOE:depended on what job you were doing. In the olden days, you'd work outside first, then you went inside the mine. Inside the mine they paid higher wages. But outside, there wasalotofworkontheoutside. That'swhenIgothurtupatKaiser;thatendedmyVery much.And the pay?Wages went from $2.50 an hour up to about $12.00 an hour. Of course itm1n1ng career.WIN: When did you get married?JOE: I got married June 29, 1953.WIN: '53. So you had several years between coming home and...JOE: Next year is going to be our fiftieth wedding anniversary.WIN: Fiftieth. How many children did you have?JOE: How many children?WIN: Yes.JOE: I have four boys and three girls. I had seven children.WIN: Where are they now?JOE: My oldest son lives here in Wellington. He's a schoolteacher. My second son lives in Wellington. He's an instructor and a planner for Utah Power and Light at the Hunter Plant in Castledale. My oldest daughter is an MRI and X-ray technician at LDS Hospital in Salt Lake City. My next daughter works for the US Post Office in Helper. My youngest daughter, she's up in Washington.43
 JO EPHA. CH J 28 2002 [turn tape off then on]WIN: You were just telling us about your daughter in Washington.JOE: Yes she's an artist. She's married and her husband has a very good job with th environment...[tape beeping]WIN: Oh, hold it.END OF SIDE B, TAPE ONEWIN: This is tape two of an interview with Joseph A. Cha for the Saving the Legacy Project. TheinterviewistakingplaceinPrice,Utah,June28,2002. Joe,wewerejust talking about your daughter who's in Washington.JOE: Yes, she has a degree in art. She's had five years of art school. She's very creative. Not only does she do artwork she does woodwork. I'll have to show you some of her works. My other son, he works for these grocery products, he puts products in these grocery stores like Albertsons and Smiths. He lives in Provo. He works out of Provo. Thenmyyoungestson,he'sanartistalso. Hehadfouryearsofart. Theywent up to Weber College up in Ogden.MAR: They went to Logan. JOE: Oh, Utah State.MAR: Yes.WIN: They went to Utah State. MAR: Yes.JOE: Not Mary Ann.44
 JO PH . HA2 2002MAR: he went to Logan.JOE: Joey went to Weber.MAR: Joey went to Weber and Julie Ann went to Weber.JOE: Okay, we got that cleared up, I hope (laughs). My youngest son right now, he's working for the Gilbert Construction. He's working up in the northern part of the stateup there by Hill Air Force Base. He's in construction for this housing development. He runs this heavy equipment. But he has five years of art and he's a very good artist. Instead of following their trade-! can't blame them in one way because there's no money right now in art-but like my daughter up in Washington, she's going to come out with like a touring book with a friend of hers. But she's always been doing something with her artwork. She worked up in Logan doing artwork for the University up there on bugs. SheworkedmakingdrawingsfortheFishandGameoncertainkindsoffish. WIN: So she did the illustrations?JOE: Illustrations for them. All our children have been able to support themselves and get along very well. In our family, we're a close-knit family. If something goes on or goes wrong, we're right there to help. My oldest daughter, she and her brother and that, they came down and shingled my garage for me. They shingled the house for us, for my wife and I. They come in and clean house for us. If we need something, they bought this dishwasher, and now this dishwasher is going out, they bought another dishwasher. It's in the garage.WIN: How long have you lived here?JOE: I've lived here since we got married, since 1953. My wife was born in this house. WIN: She was?45
 J PH . H222th nv r. hi house belonged to my wife's father's cousin. Because my m th r-in-law h r m th r,was married twice. Her first husband died of the flu epidemic after World War I. [Editor's note: That was during the world-wide epidemic o f " '])ani h " Flu o f 191 - 1919.] Then my mother-in-law married another D'Ambrosio. They were first cousins. Then later on after her father died, when she was only eight years old or ten years old, then she married again. His name was Kizerian. He was a Romanian. Later on, when my mother-in-law passed away, the house went to my wife. We bought the ground that was my mother-in-law's. There were two separate farms. The farm went to her two sons but her one son got killed in a coal mine when we were on our honeymoon. We had to come home from our honeymoon. He was killed in the Standardville Mine. The property went to her one son and her nephews, her brother's sons, these two nephews. Later on, we bought this property from her stepfather. Then her stepfather went to California. His family was living in Vallejo, California. He had a son and two daughters. So I married my wife and we moved down here and have been here ever since.WIN: So have you worked this farm too, while you were mining?JOE: Well, at one time I actually had three jobs. I was working in the coal mine. I was farming with my brother-in-law and I was remodeling this whole house. I added all these bricks. I added this room, the bedroom, an extra bathroom, and that family room. I built that fireplace. That was after we got married in 1953 until the time I got hurt. After I got hurt, that was the end of it. I've been able to do a little work but not much. When I start working, my leg starts giving me trouble. Last winter, I had an ulcerated sore on my leg.JOE: Ye thisusedtob jutafour-roomhoue. Itu dt b acr46
 JOPH.H J 2202 Ittookafewmonthsforittoh al. Ihavetoseethedoct r rym nthb au I'm nblood thinners. They have to keep track of my blood because of that c nditi n in my 1 g. WIN: When you look back on your life, what role do you think your experi nc in th military played in how you lived you life?JOE: Oh, I think it helped me a lot. It settled me down. I realized how lucky I was to be able to serve in a good outfit, and have a good military life. I was proud to be a good American soldier. Although I was able to...I got the rank of sergeant. They wanted togive me the next rank of staff sergeant, being in the photographic military, but at that time the ranks were full, because it was coming towards the end of the war. It taught me lots: How to be able to survive. How to overcome different difficulties. That especially helped when I had this coal mining accident and was injured. It almost drove me up the wall because I wasn't able to get out. I'd been an active man all my life since I was just a child. We were taught to work hard because nothing is given to you for free. Even nowadays, like my wife, somebody tries to come up with, "Oh, you're allowed this free and that free." I tell my wife, there's nothing free in this world. You have to work for it and work hard for it. I believe in that and I taught my family to do that. I've had a wonderful life together with my wife and my children. I wouldn't sell one of my children for a million dollars. I wouldn't give them away. We've been very close. We've been very close to each other. My wife, she's not only my wife; she's my friend, and my partner. She's helped me in bad times and in good times, together. Since I've been hurt the past thirty years, we've never had much money, just enough to survive. I was lucky.I was able to get my Social Security. She was lucky. She worked for Safeway. She had togotoworkwhenIgothurt. ShewasabletoworkandIwasabletogetmy47
 J PH . H2 20 2mineworker s p nsion. That s what we lived on. That th tim I wa hurt w w r taking care of my mother. My father had passed away. It help d u during that p ri d f time. But now, thank God, I was able to overcome all ofthose difficulties and was ablto live to become eighty-one years old.WIN: Well, good job. I appreciate your taking the time to tell us your story. JOE: I hope I've told a good story.WIN: It's been a good story.JOE: I'm proud to be a veteran. Oh, I also belong to American Legion Post 21, Helper Utah. It used to be a pretty good post, but most of the veterans have all passed away. I think maybe right now there might be only about twenty or thirty veterans left. They're scattered. In charge of our Helper American Legion Post 21 is Fred Martinez. He's in chargeofveteran'saffairs. IbelongtotheUnitedMineWorkersofAmericaandthe Italian Lodge. We have a lodge. it's called Stella D'America Lodge. We have meetings. I've belonged to those fraternities for going on fifty-seven years.WIN: That's a long time. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it.JOE: I appreciate it too Mr. Erickson. I'm glad you were able to come down. I'm glad to meet you and thank you very much.[turns tape off, then on]WIN: We're going to continue with this interview. Mr. Cha has a story he wants to add about his illness while he was in North Africa. Joe, would you like to tell us about Sandfly Fever?JOE: It happened when I was in North Africa during the time of World War II. It was 1943. I got this what was called Sandfly Fever. [Editor's note: Sandfly Fever is a48
 JO PHA. HJ 222di ea e endemic to the region ofNorth Africa where Mr. ha r ed. Th di ea e ha reemerged recently in America Forces deployed in Iraq. It i cau ed by infection from viruse ofthe Bunyaviridae family. The virus is transmitted by bite from femal sandjlies. Symptoms may includefever,frontal headache, lethargy, malaise, retroorbital pain, conjunctivitis, photophobia, neck rigidity, low back pain, myalgia, meningitis,encephalitis, and confusion. Treatment is as f or any other viral infection. Prevention is achieved though use ofinsect repellent.] It made me feel like I had the flu, a bad flu. I was so weak that I wasn't able to go out ofmy tent to work on my plane. I had to go to the medical sergeant who was in charge of our squadron. He asked me what was wrong and I told him what I had and so they took me down to Tunis. They had an Army hospital there. They told me I had Sandfly Fever and I was there for about two weeks in the hospital. They had to build my resistance back up so I was able to get back to my squadron to work at the base. When I was there at the Army hospital, I saw many soldiers who were worse off than I was. Some had amputated legs and arms, yellow jaundice, and different illness. There were guys with shellshock. I thought I was pretty lucky just to get away from that hospital and get back to the squadron.WIN: I guess if you're going to have something happen to you, Sandfly Fever can't be too bad.MAR: That's for sure.JOE: I've talked to this one girl. She worked for the hospital. I asked her, "Have you ever heard of Sandfly Fever. She told me yes. There is such a thing as Sandfly Fever and I thought it would be a good thing to mention in this report.WIN: Sure.49
 J PH.H J 22002 JOE: fth offic r wehadinourc mmandwa ion l uan Kim . H wthe head of the Third Photo Group: Captain Hill Captain Owen aptain J hn nand Lieutenant Toomey he was from Washington. Most of them were 0 of our lih Ph t squadron. [Editor's note: An Air Group, consisting ofthree ofmore quadran , would usually be commanded by a senior officer like a major or lt. colonel or full colonel. A squadron would usually be commanded by an officer with a rank at least first lieutenant or captain. An online history ofthe 3rd Photographic Reconnaissance Group gives the following list ofits Commanders: Capt George H McBride, 20 Jun 1942,á Maj Harry T Eidson, 25 Jun 1942,á Maj Elliott Roosevelt, 11 Jul1942,á Lt Col Furman H Limeburner, 13 Aug 1942,á Col Elliott Roosevelt, 30 Sep 1942,á Lt Col FrankL Dunn, c. Mar 1943,á Lt Col James F Setchell, c. 4 Nov 1943,á Maj Hal C Tunnell, 19 Jan 1944,á Maj Thomas W Barfoot Jr, c. 29 May 1944,á Col Duane L Kime, 17 Sep 1944,á Lt Col Oscar M Blomquist, 29 May 1945,á Lt Col James E Hill, 2 Aug-c. Sep 1945.]WIN: Okay.JOE: And the President's son, Elliot Roosevelt.WIN: Well, again, thank you very much for sharing your story with us.END OF INTERVIEW50