 EDNA BURTONCarbon County, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project Nos. 6 and 27May 15, 1982American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982Table of ContentsTape No. 1Background Information 1 Marriage 6 West Hiawatha Boarding Houses . 9 Tape No. 2Family and Background Information . 11 Upkeep of Finnish Tradition . 12 Finnish Baths in the Mining Camps . 15
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH EDNA BURTON IN PRICE, UTAH ON APRIL 15, 1982. EDNA IS FINNISH. THE INTERVIEWER IS NANCY TANIGUCHI. THIS IS FOR THE CARBON COUNTY COAL MINE ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.NT: I am talking to Edna, primarily, because she is a Finn. Okay. The first thing I want to know is that I honestly know your family name.Matson. M -a-t-s-o-n.EB: NT: EB:NT: EB:NT:EB:NT? And your mom?EM: Annie. Her Finn maiden name is Koyschtenem.NT: Her maiden name?EM: Yes, Annie Koyschtenem.NT: Where were your parents married?EB: Here in Carbon County.NT: Oh, really?EB: Yes. They didn't meet until they come here.NT: Where did they meet?EB: My mother must have come to Clearcreek. I guess when myIs that Finish?No. In Finland it was Junka. You know how everybody changes their names when they come to this country?Yes.Okay, so my dad changed it to Matson. As far as I know because his dad's name was Matt, and he was the son. That is the way I understand it. That is why it waschanged to Matson.So, what was your dad's name? Herman.dad first came from Finland, I think he came to Wyoming
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 from Ellis Island, New York. I think to Wyoming. You don't know all this, see. My parents died when I was young. I wasn't quite twenty-one when my mother died. I guess we talked about these things when we were younger, but you don't pay that much attention to it.NT: Yes, that is true.EB: Anyway, they got their marriage license, so they musthave met up at Clearcreek, as far as I know. Because my mother's two brothers were in Clearcreek, and then they settled up in Canada. When I went up and met my cousin, four of the children were born in Clearcreek of her family. She and her sister were born in Canada. When I talked to Jesse about it, she says that a lot of people from here went up to Canada to homestead. She remembers some families that did, and I guess that is what they did. But, I don't remember my mother telling me this. When I went up there five years ago, my cousin, she isthe one that was telling me.NT: That is interesting.EB: Because they got the marriage license here. I have gottheir marriage license. I got it here at the courthouse. Then, they lived up in Mudcreek. That is the town between Scofield and Clearcreek that is not any more. That is where that Dalley Camp is now.NT: Yes.2
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982EM: It used to be a town. I guess that is where they lived first. Then they lived up in Clearcreek when the first four children were born.NT: Were you one of them?EM: No. Let 1 S see where did we go from Clearcreek? We had toNT: EM: NT: EM: NT: EM: NT: EB: NT: EB:1go to Kenilworth. Where were you born?I was born in Kenilworth. When were you born?In 1916.In Kenilworth? Yes.What was your dad doing up there?Coal mines.Was he a miner?Yes. Worked in the mines. Then/ we went from Kenilworth up to Astoria/ Oregon. My youngest sister was born up there. She is only a year and eleven months younger than I am1 but I have no idea how we went up. Did we go by train? We must have gone by train. I can1 t believe we drove up. He was a shipyard carpenter up there in A storia/ Oregon. Why we came back to Carbon County / I will never know. Then/ we ended up in Scofield.Oh1 really?From there back to Scofield.NT: EM:3
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 NT: When was that?EM: Because when I was five years old, we were in Scofield.Then, we went from Scofield to Mohrland because that is where I started first grade. I don't know if you have heard of all the mining camps around here.NT: Oh, yes.EB: Okay. Mohrland is one that is closed down, whatever. Thatis where I started first grade, second grade, and third grade. Then, while we were in Helper, let's see, I went to fifth grade in Helper. Then, we were up in Spring Canyon. Then back up to Clearcreek. Wait a minute, when did we go back and forth to West Hiawatha? Before that we went from Mohrland to West Hiawatha, then back to Mohrland. Then, to Spring Canyon. We moved so many times.NT: Why did you keep moving?EB: I don't know. I guess coal miners just kept moving.NT: Yes. Did your mom work at all?EB: Well, when we were at Mohrland we had a boardinghouse. NT: Oh, you did?EB: Yes.NT: For just Finns, or for anybody?EB: For anybody. We did because we had two houses up there. NT: What for? One for the family and one for the boarders? EB: Well, they lived upstairs. Then across the road we hadanother house. I guess that is where we stayed, in the 4
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 main house. I guess the men stayed in the other house. When we were at West Hiawatha, she had a boardinghouse.NT: Was that for anybody?EB: Yes. We had more when we were in West Hiawatha.NT: More?EB: More boarders, because we had two girls working. She hadtwo girls working for the. Finn girls from Clearcreek. It was Sirry Hersckin and Sadie Koski. I do remember that. They were Finn. This Sirry Hersckin is a sister to this Sadie Ruzudo. She is Finish, you know.NT: Yes. Is she still around, Sirry?EB: Sirry? Oh, she lives up in Clatskanie, Oregon. But,Sadie's sister, what is her name? Elbie, she lives downthe south part of town.NT: She lives across the street from me.EB: Okay, Elbie. She is the older one. But, Sirry, she stilllives up in Clatskanie, Oregon because we went up andvisited them one time.NT: Oh, that would be fun.EB: John and I, yes. We took a trip all through the Northwestand went up and ferried from Washington to Astoria,Oregon.NT: Oh, how nice.EB: You know, their car goes over on the ferry. But, now I guess they got a highway around or whatever, but we did5
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 ferry over because we went all down the coast that year after we was married before we started our kids.Good time to do it.NT: EB:NT: EB: NT:EB: NT: EB:NT: EB:NT: EB:NT: EB:NT: EB: NT:We were married five years before we even tried to have a family.When did you get married?In 1937.That wasn't a particularly good time to have kids, was it?Oh, that was a depression.Yes.We just didn't because I was working, and he was. I was working in a store. I worked in a store for five years. What store?Kenilworth. Just before I got married, and then I worked,I must have worked three years after.,How did you meet your husband?Up there. Okay, I met him when we went back to Kenil- worth. Okay, now where was I?You were--We were in Spring Canyon and Clearcreek. Then, back to Standardville. Then, we were down here.In Price?Price.What was your dad doing in Price?6
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 EB: We had a cafe. He run a cafe for awhile, Mother and Dad did, just for a short while. Then, he went back to thecoal mines up to Kenilworth, and we moved up there. I started seventh grade down here when school started, like in September. We moved up there in October and Verta Peterson--do you know who she is?NT: Yes.EB: She says, "Oh, instead of trading schools," because shewas my teacher over in Harding, she says, "Why don't you ride down with me?" So, I rode from Kenilworth with her, and then there was two--Black Spaley and Bob Whithead-- that was going to high school. The three of us rode down with her.NT: Oh, that is nice.EB: Yes. Then, in the winter when it was so stormy, shestayed down here at the dorms. I rode the high school bus. They let me ride the high school bus because I had already started school down here. So that is what I did. Let's see, that was the eighth grade. Where did I go to eighth grade? I must have gone to eighth grade up to Kenilworth. I don't think I did it two years. Then, the ninth grade, we went to Spring Glen from Kenilworth. After that the high school bus.NT: Then, how did you meet your husband?EB: Okay. He and I was a junior in high school. He and my7
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 brother and Morris Tatten were real good friends. They always chased around together. He used to come down to my place, down to our place to see my brother. Of course, heNT: EB: NT: EB:is just about six years older than I am, three months lacking. I never dreamed I would start going with him. I was going with a kid from Spring Glen. We had gone together about a year or a year-and-a-half, I guess. John was trying to get me to go with him, so I did. I started going with him. This other kid got in a mine accident and died. So, that is when I started going with John. We went together four-and-a-half years, and then we got married. So simple.Yes.That is great.His parents used to live in Clearcreek. John's parents and my parents knew each other in Clearcreek, way back before I was even thought of. I guess even before John was. His folks are originally from Sanpete, but they all worked in the mines. Then, I guess in the summer they would go to Sanpete and farm. That is where John was born was over in Mount Pleasant.Oh, I see. Everybody was just moving around then, right? Yes.When your mom had that boardinghouse in West Hiawatha-- West Hiawatha and MohrlandNT: EB: NT: EB:8
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 NT: --how many boarders did she have in each place?EB: Oh, how would I remember?NT: Make a guess. I mean, a dozen, three or twenty?EB: Oh, maybe twelve or fifteen, could be.NT: In the big one?EB: Yes, because in West Hiawatha we had the main house andthe upstairs. Then there was another that was, let's see, eight rooms--four upstairs and four downstairs. Then, there was a bathhouse in the back where the miners could bathe, you know. It was like three units, three build- ings.NT: So, there is the main house and then the one with the four up and four downEB: Yes.NT: Then, the bathhouse, and that was at West Hiawatha?EB: Yes.NT: At Mohrland you also had two houses?EB: Yes, just the main house. Then the four-room house wasacross--I guess, some of the boarders stayed in that four-room house because it was just across the road. We lived right next to the bakery up in Tippletown.NT: I know where that was. I wonder how your mom got the company to let her have two houses. Do you have any idea? EB: You rent them. You just rent them. Anybody, could rentthem.9
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 NT: When were you in West Hiawatha?EB: I guess when I was in the fifth grade.NT; So, what year would that be? Or how old were you?EB: I must have been ten or eleven. Let's see, six in the first grade, six to ten years old. I can't see how we have moved that much and how we passed our grades in school. I guess in those days you did because the other families that I know did too. It is crazy, really. Except Urkala's. They stayed up in Clearcreek forever. They are my cousins, you know.NT: Oh, they are?EB: Yes.NT: So how many different cousins do you have in this area?Just the Urkala's? Or are there other families you arerelated to?EB: Okay, that I don't have, any relation to speak of.Urkala's is just a second cousin. Elma, the oldest girl, lives in Helper. Her name is Elma Nelson. Then, let's see, the one boy lives there with her. Then, two of the boys and the girls are in Salt Lake. That is it. Then, there is a Helbie Anderson that is related to them. Mrs. Urkala and Helbie Anderson's dad and my dad are cousins. So, I am second cousins. This Helbie Anderson, she is what, two years older than I am, and she was living in American Fork, but she has had a stroke. So, her daughter10
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 American Fork, but she has had a stroke. So, her daughter was here down in Huntington. That is all the relation I have. End Tape No. 1 They don't have basements orNT:EB:NT: EB:NT: EB: NT: EB: NT:EB:anything like that. The way the land, you know, from the storms up there they just get soggy.How did he get a name Burton if he's not even your relation?I don't know because I don't know him at all really. Now, when we use to visit there, Vin Basser use to be, her name was Mecala Miya(?) that's the only way I remember. That's the last name?Mecala would be the last name. When you talk about Finnish people they say their last name first. Now they always talked about Madsona Hempa. Okay, Hempa or Herman is my dad's name but they would say Madsona Hempa. You didn't say Herman Madson.I see.They'd say the last name first.So Mecala was her last name and Miya was her first name? Mecala Miya.There aren't any other Fins up in Scofield other than that?That is the only one, that's all. Like I just said, they're just all gone. Frank Helstone really. He is the old. Well, I think maybe one of his sons or you know,11
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 like them. I know that there is a son that lives there and some of them own homes at Clearfield that just come for the summer.NT: Do they ever look you up or do you look them up?EB: Well, Frank and I or he comes in the courthouse, healways comes in to talk to me. NT: Frank who?EB: Frank Kelston, he lives up there. Now, Ivra Kosckey still maintains a house at Clearfield, they go up in the summer but he lives out here in Pillings Trailor Court and his wife works down in Lewis Joy Pyllis. She use to be a Sutton, she's not Fin. It's funny that none of the Fin people, kids, married Fins except this Cerey Hurskon thatlives up in Clarkson. He and she were Fin and they married each other and they're the only couple that I know of that is around my age. They are older than I am, that married a Finnish person.NT: Why do you suppose that is?EB: I don't know. None of them married Finns. Because none ofmy family did, none of them. They are the only ones that I know of.NT: That makes it hard then to keep up any Finnish tradition. EB: Yes, that's why you can teach your kids Finn because I insisted that I was going to teach my kids Finn. Thefirst baby I had, I would jabber Finn to him all the time 12
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 and the kids, even now the grandkids they always let me talk Finn to them and they can enunciate perfect, better than adults. You know, I'm always talking Finn to them or counting to them Finn and even my kids now whenever their friends are around, "Mother show them how you can talk Finn." They think it's so much fun. (Laughter) Even when my grandkids come down and they play with the kids in the neighborhood, you know they come in and if I, you know,NT: EB: NT:EB: NT: EB:like kiddingly saying, "Get the heck out of here" or something I'll say it in Finn to them, you know, just talk to them that way. They stand there and they look at me, they don't know what I'm jabbering (Laughter) . I jabber Finn to everybody down at the courthouse. This Rose Benedetti that works, she's Austrian and she'll say something in Austrian that I'll answer in Finn and the other kids, "You two don't understand each other. " We' 11 say, "Yes, we do." (Laughter) It's just the way the trend in the conversation goes.Yes, I bet that's true.So it's kind of funny.It's funny how these things can just disappear don't they?Yes.Has anybody ---7--- song or did they ever have one.Yes nobody, they never had one here. The only song I13
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 remember having is, okay in Spring Glen, do you remember where the water pump station is, do you have anything to do with that? You see, they pump the water up to Kennil- worth.NT: Oh yes, I know where it is. It's down on the old highway. EB: Yes, on the old highway, okay. That's where John's dad, that's where he died. They moved from Kennilworth, therewas a house right by it and his dad use to run that with a Mr. Roley, they took turns running it. That's where John lived, his folks moved down there, what, just before we got married. Yes, just before we got married or just after, just after. That's where his dad got killed. He was hoisting, whatever they use to do to make the water, what do you call it? To purify the water. He was up on a ladder and he was hoisting this sack of stuff with the rope from whatever, the other side of the wall or whatever. As he was hoisting it up the rope broke and he fell backwards off the ladder and hit his head on the cement floor and it just crushed his skull, just like you drop a watermelon. He lived for two weeks in a coma like that but he didn't make it. But anyway, then, the house, there was a house there that isn't there anymore and then right, just a little ways from there, there was a service station and Theodore Eodore use to live next to the service station and they had a bathhouse there. I think14
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982 people from around here use to go there that's accustomed to Finnish baths. They could go there but I'd never taken a bath there but I know some of the people have.NT: And he was a Finn?EB: Theodore Eodore. But you know like the Italians ofNorthern/Southern, well I think he was a lap lander because there is not a real true Finnish there like the northern part and I think that's what he was. But I've always laughed about that name Theodore Eodore and I always say, "Thedee Eodee (?) " just said it, you know, for fun. Now, their daughter lives in, I guess she's still living but I don't ever see her, I don't think she's well. Let's see, what's her married name? She lives in Spring Glen but I can't think--the last I've ever talked to her or seen her is when she use to work down the Wallgreen Drug store and her name was, okay, SelmaRounde, it just come to me. I guess her mother was more Finnish then her dad, he's like the flat lander. But I never, I guess she's still living because I just never see or hear of her.NT: Did any of the other camps, have Finn baths besides Clear Creek?EB: Even at Mohrland or Hiawatha they're nowhere, that's the only place that they had them, other than those people had it. Now, John and--all the time we've lived here by15
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982each other they kept talking about the only one here in the backyard but it never did go; it never did get built.(Chuckle)NT: Yes, that's funny how that works. (Pause)EB: It says we are going to have a cold night tonight. Youcan feel how cold it is in here now because the sun's gone and I haven't turned the heat up. It was warm whenI came.NT: Yes, it's getting cold. Well, maybe I better push along.Thank you for your time and your help, I appreciate it. EB: You know, there are so many things that you can't remember right to dates and everything. Like I said, youknow, and I try to get my kids to sit and listen. I say, "You're going to be just like I am, you're going to wonder about everything about your parents." If you guys don't sit and listen to me and let me tell you. " But they are not around me that much now and the few times they come down there is so much going on that you just don't converse that way. It's going to be the same way with them. Now, I'm the only left in the family and when I'm dead and gone they're going to be doing just like I am. Now, let's see, where did Mother say she lived and where did we go and what happened. It will be the same thing. NT: You didn't talk that much to your folks about the past,huh?16
 EDNA BURTON APRIL 15, 1982EB:NT: EB: NT:EB:NT: EB: NT: EB:I guess when we were kids we did because we were always at home, you know. But you don't remember it. Do you remember everything from your childhood?Oh heavens no, nobody does.You see, it's the same thing. You just don't.Still it's interesting that the life that you've had, you've been growing up in one camp and another because of course now, they're all lost basically. I mean Hiawathais.I keep say I'm going to fill-in when I retire. (Chuckle) I am suppose to go to Hawaii the first of June.Oh really.But two weeks ago I started having trouble with this leg. Oh.I just start aching of it and the doctor, he x-rayed it and I have osteoporosis.END OF INTERVIEW17