 GLEN A . SHUMWAY Blanding, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-142July 23, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 23. 1970Tape #1:Mining With His Brothers . 1 Starting Out ..... . ¥ ¥ ¥ 3 Hauling Devices ........ - ........... 5 Family Claims and Selling Claims ............ 9 Leasing and the AEC . . . 13 Selling Stock. . . . . . 17 The Market for Uranium ................ 21Beauties in the Earth ................. 24 Mining Costs and Prill ................ 26 White Canyon Town ................... 29
 THIS I S AN INTERVIEW FOR THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECTJOINTL YST A TE A TSHUMWAY ON JULY 23, 1970 AT 6:00 P.M. AT HIS HOME ON NORTH RESERVOIR ROAD, BLANDING, UTAH. [TAPE #1.]SPONSORED BY THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CALFORNIA FULLERTON. SUZANNE SIMON I S INTER VIEWING GLEN A .SS: Okay Mr. Shumway, why don't you start by telling me how you started getting interested in mining?GS: Well, the reason I was interested in mining I suppose was because our family, as long as I can remember, has been in the mining business. My father was one of the first in the country to find some mines that had vandium and uranium in them. Of course at the time he wasn't getting much out of the uranium. They were getting paid for the vanadium. My brothers began, my older brothers began mining and I just followed in their shoes pretty much.ss: What was your father's name? GS: My father is Seth Shumway.SS: How many brothers did you have? GS: I have five brothers.SS: Were they all interested in mining?GS: All of us have not only been interested in mining butwe've mined together with the exception of one brother, and we have many projects associated with the mining business that he is in business with us.ss: Uh huh. Can you remember, when you were just a little fellow did you used to like follow around with yourolder brothers and go out to the mines?
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1GS: I remember--! don't remember how old I was. Iremember one day in particular that I was mining down at the old Hangover claim not very far from Blanding. My brothers would go down in the mine and drill the holes and they'd leave me up to make the primers. I was probably maybe only ten or twelve or thirteen, I don't know. This particular day as I was making the primers a mine inspector came and caught me making the primers and warned me that wasn't a very good thing for a young boy to be doing.SS: Did you have any accidents with it?GS: No. We have had very few accidents in the mines. Wehad one or two. One in particular where my brother was killed. My brother was killed here in 1964. He was lighting a round, that's about, you know, ten to fifteen holes that he was lighting the fuse on. We don't know whether he stayed in too long or whether he had a fast fuse, but anyhow, the round went off and he was killed in the mines.SS: He was still back there?GS: Yes. We had to go back down in the smoke. When wefound out he was dead we waited until the mine cleared out and then went back in and brought him out.SS: What was his name?2
 GLEN GS: SS: GS:SS: GS: SS:A . SHUMWAY # 1His name was Burdette.Was that a uranium mine?Yes, that was just out--a uranium-vanadium mine out here in the Morrison formation just about ten,fifteen miles west of Blanding.Would that be in the Cottonwood group?Yes. Right in the Cottonwood group.Well, you were working with the mines you say from eleven or twelve on. Can you tell me a kind of a chronological listing of what areas you've beeninterested in? I believe your family had the Cottonwood claims probably by the time you came along or before?Yes. That's where most of our family really cut our teeth, in the Cottonwood area and in the Butler area which is just the next canyon to the west. I didn't really do a lot of mining myself until I'd hauled ore two years after I graduated from high school. We bought a truck and my job was to haul the ore instead of mining it for a couple of years. After that was when I got into the business, right down to the business of mining.When you were in high school did you, like some of the others that I've talked to, pick up a little extra money on weekends and in the summer mining?GS:SS:3
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY #1GS: Yes. I think it was probably a few years after ISS: GS: SS:would have graduated where the kids could really start making money. My brother Eugene is the youngest of the boys. When he was a junior and senior he was making quite a lot more money a year then his high school teachers. It's kind of hard for them to stay in school, but he did graduate from high school and he's made quite a lot of money in the mining business.So when did you graduate from high school?In 1947.In '47 when uranium wasn't really selling then as much as later.GS: Yeah. It didn't really get up steam until in the '50s. Of course, in the late '50s the boom was reallyon--and in the early '60s.SS: Well, after you had graduated from high school thenwhat did you do? You said there were a couple ofyears there.GS: Well, I drove a truck. I got out of high school acouple or three weeks early to start driving a truck. After I drove that truck from Blanding to Naturita pert near every day, a little old truck that only hauled about seven tons. We thought we were really doing it. Now they haul thirty tons. After that in4
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY #11949 I was called on a mission for the LDS Church and spent two years working with Indian people in Arizona. Then I come home and really got in the mining business.SS: Well, did you jump right into helping operate the mine or did you do a little prospecting when you got back?GS: A good share of the prospecting had been done when I got home. My brothers felt kindly towards me and put me right in the .partnership with them. They'd already found the--they and my father had already found most of the mines I'd been associated with. Since that time I've been connected with finding lots and lots of mines, maybe of no consequence because we call them goat pasture. Mainly they were undeveloped areas that were further back from the rim. We take these; they were good property, and of course they could be good and maybe in the future still are good. They're not all explored yet. We don't know. When I first started mining I had a little compressor. Wewould use horses to go back in the mines. Of course everything had to be shoveled--"the old idiot stick" we called it. You could load about a ton of ore on a little cart and then the horses would pull it out of the mines. It was kind of an ingenious affair.5
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1Before that time I didn't get to use it too much, but I did know what it was, and did use it some. That was the old wheelbarrow. That was a good device too, and we used to load that by hand and one guy would pull and one push and we could push it right up on the truck and load trucks. For a year or two we did that. Then we went to the horse and the cart which was really upgrading the mining business. Once in a while we'd be mining some property where we'd dump the waste over a big ledge and we killed several horses. It was really hard on horses. Some of those horses were really good animals. They would just about go in the mines, we'd say, load themselves and come out by themselves. That's not quite true, but that's how much those horses knew. They were very good animals and--SS: Did you ever have one that got to be a pet?GS: No. They just didn't seem to last long enough to be pets. I feel kind of bad about it, but we killed lots of bores it seems like in the mining business. After the horses' time--or I guess what took their places was Y oung's Machine Company over here in M onticello.[They] developed a little diesel engine shuttle car, a self-propelled shuttle car. That really revolutionized mining again. That's what we use6
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1today. It developed from a little car that would haul maybe three quarters of a ton of ore out. Now we bring out five tons in a car. Instead of usingshovels we have a front-end loader that goes down in the mine. Where we used to feel good about making a little six or seven ton load a day now we can make a hundred to two hundred tons of ore in a day so disposed.SS: With the diesel motor on a shuttle car, what'd you do about the fumes?GS: The shuttle car has a little box, I might say--maybe it's not so little. It holds five or ten gallons of water and these fumes are forced down into that water which scrubs a lot of the solids out of the fumes. However, to me that's the worst thing in mining today. In those days [thereJ was the fact that you had to go down in those mines and inhale the fumes from those vehicles, so it wasn't a good thing then. It's not a good thing now. Of course, we have fans called blower fans up on top of the mine which force air down into the mine and really it--you keep the fans where they should be and pushing enough air [so that] the air in the mine is pretty good. It's better now than in the days when we first started because itnot only forced out lots of radon gas which is 7
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1supposedly dangerous as far as helping you to have cancer of the lung--we don't know that's a fact, but they claim it is--but this air now that we put in the mine helps scrub those mines.SS: How about working conditions? I understand it makes it pretty cold in the wintertime to have that air going through there.GS: Yes, it does, but we would rather work in a mine in the winter time then in the summer time. Of course we work all year around, but in the winter time when the cold air is forced in those warm mines it clears the mines out much faster and puts a better air into the mines. In the summer when you force hot air into the mines but it doesn't do as good a job. To go down in a mine on a hot day when the temperature is around sixty-five degrees feels real good to you. By the same token you go down there when there's a bigblizzard, snowing outside, it just feels real good in the mines. We like to mine. It's been a good thing for us and we enjoy it.SS: Have you over the years done any other type of work other than mining?GS: No, I haven't done anything but mine other than drive a truck for a couple of years. As a boy we used to of course work out in the hay and this type of thing,8
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1but we spent most of our lives working in uranium and vanadium mines.SS: When you began mining, you started with Cottonwood and then where did you go?GS:Cottonwood's always been our winter home. We say when we can't work up on the mountains we'd always come back to Cottonwood and make a living in Cottonwood. But we've worked, I can't really remember offhand where the first place I did work was, but a lot of it's been on Elk Ridge in the--in just uranium type mines, formation in the Shinarump. It doesn't have vanadium, very little vanadium in it. You never got paid for any vanadium. They just don't have much inthem. When I first started working, I think it must have been down in the Deer Flat Area in the Hideout, what we called the Hideout Mine, and this was developed into a very good mine. Just as we got the thing developed fairly good, I remember my brother and I used to go down there with a wheelbarrow and we'd wheel that ore out into a truck or else onto an old bin we had there. Then at night we'd drag out our sleeping bags onto the old snow and sleep out on that bin. It was hard work and we were quite a ways from home. We thought that was all right, but we're glad that we don't have to do that now. But this mine was9
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY #1taken away from us just about the time* we got it to where it was really starting to amount to something. I think that mine has produced several million dollars worth of ore. It's been one of the better mines in the Colorado Plateau.SS: What did your ore out of there assay?GS: Well, this mine on one side of it had a lot of copperSS:GS: SS:in it and it would run oh, offhand I'd say twenty hundredths in uranium. Then we were getting sometimes up into percent with copper. As we moved from this area of the copper and got right down into the channel, then of course we just had the straight uranium ore and it was good ore. Lots of that ore would run, oh, we would get around thirty, forty, or fifty hundredths out of it, which is pretty good ore for an average.Is that what--that wasn't carnotite then? That was uraninite.Right. Right.You say it was taken away from you. How did that work?GS: Well, my father and his brothers found a lot of the major mines in White Canyon and they sold them to a fellow. I believe they got a couple hundred thousand dollars; they were supposed to get a couple hundred10
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1thousand dollars out of all that property and they very--not knowing much about contracts or things that they could do, I think they warranted title to all of those claims instead of just a quick claim deed; they warranted those claims. I think they got a downpayment out of this fellow, and then he said that there were some claims that he hadn't got title for. Of course, some of them you just couldn't give title for. Anyhow, that was about all they got out of all this property in White Canyon. But these claims that were on Deer Flat that turned out to be some of the better claims, they had felt so good about the deal they just told this fellow they'd just throw them in for the fun of it, which they did. Of course they didn't know; they can only see about an inch into the hill too, and that's the way it goes.SS: You had--on Deer Flat you had the Hideout. Was that a Hideout group or was it just one claim that you called the Hideout?GS: Well, the main the one we were working was the Hideout claim. There are probably two or three claims there. There were other claims that our father had sold, and his brother was on Deer Flat, in the Deer Flat area.ss: How about on Elk Ridge? What claims did you have up 11
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1 there?GS: Well, we have lots of claims on Elk Ridge. There are more claims up there now then we've ever had before. A lot of them are just so-called goat pasture; they're in the trend and they do have possibilities, but I guess the main claims that we have made moneyout of have been the Payday and the Look, and they were both real fine mines and they are what really helped us make a good living.ss: Are they active now?GS: No. They're not being mined. I can't say that they'rereally mined out either. They still have some possibilities, and there are a lot of claims around there that still need a lot of drilling done on them to develop them.SS: What mines do you have active now?GS: The only mines that we are working on are in theCottonwood area. Our old winter claims have turned into summer claims. Now that there's a reduced price on uranium we feel like we don't want to sell our ore that we have drilled out on reduced price. We feel that the mining business will come back. We're just trying to hang on as we've done the last two or three years, hoping that private enterprise will take up the slack and that there will be a big demand for12
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1uranium in the future. We don't want to just give it away.SS: Did you ever develop any leases down on the reservation?GS: We've gone back and forth to the reservation several times working property on the reservation. It's always kind of tough to do business down there it seems like. We've never been very successful in any of our leases on the reservation, but we have worked there.SS: Did you have any leases under VCA?GS: I don't believe that any of our leases down therewere under VCA. I used to haul a little bit of ore from out of Cane Valley for VCA when I had the truck. There were some real fine mines down there. Some of the mines on the reservation have been some real good mines.SS: Uh huh. Who else are, other than VCA might you have leased from down there?GS: Well, the only claims that we have leased have just been individual people, private people, no big companies. I think there have been some other companies in there. I believe Climax had some property down there. I don't know whether Union Carbide has ever done much down there or not. But13
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1there are other big companies that have been in there.SS: Well, as a person that came into the uranium industry really full-fledged on your own in boom time, what kind of troubles have you had with claim jumpers?GS: Really, there's kind of a written code I guess around here; we really haven't been troubled with claim jumpers. We have had a few claims taken from us because of different reasons that we didn't feel too good about, but not very many. I think the people here, the miners have been pretty honorable about respecting each others' property or intentions, and it's worked out pretty well.SS: What about people from the outside, the so-called weekend prospectors? Have they been a nuisance?GS: No. I don't think so. We've been able to hold our own with anyone that come's into prospect. We felt, I think anyhow, personally, that we've got our share of the claims and the property and we feel all right about it.SS: Well, I'd like to ask you what you--how you feel about the help or the lack of help or whatever that the AEC has been to the independent miner?GS: Well, I don't know what the miner would have done without the government subsidizing the uranium14
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1business, but if it could have been otherwise I'm sure we would have been a lot happier. We don't feel very good about what the AEC has done for the small miner. We feel like that they have favored bigcompanies and we have never got anything from them. In fact, we know that they've broken several promises to us and we've never really felt very good about that outfit over there. There have been some of the individuals that worked for the AEC that we liked, that treated us fine, but as a whole we don't feel too good towards them.SS: Did you feel like the problem lay in the--well, you might call the administration, people making the policies, or rather than with the people that were here in the field executing the policies?GS: Well, on the spur of the moment not remembering all of their policies, I would think the thing that I'm referring to more than anything is the fact that individuals who were company men from the big companies could go at those AEC people, and I don't know exactly how to put it, but--to befriend them andmake buddies out of them and then grind an axe with them and get them to lean their way to help some of the big companies to get some of the better property or aid them in ways they wouldn't aid small miners.15
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1SS: Have there been any specific incidents of this thatyou'd like to talk about?GS: Well, there have been some specific instances, but ISS:GS:wouldn't want to put them on tape or wouldn't want to make them public. I'm an easy fellow to get along with and I want to stay that way.I see. Okay. The AEC did do some test drilling for you though, did they not?Yes, I think a little test drilling. They went into the Cottonwood area and spasmodically they'll drill a hole here and there, and they found some trends of ore that benefited us. [They] put some drill holes on some of our property that have benefitted us. That's true enough.But in this area did you feel that they still favored certain concerns over others?Well, I think probably that's one area where they tried to treat about everyone alike. It seems to me like they just went through the country before they let a lot of property go and did a lot of drilling, then whoever happened to get the property after they left it--I guess it was up for grabs for anyone. I think there were several times when people who areworking for the AEC, or rather, they were working with the AEC or just private individuals running aSS:GS:16
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1bulldozer or whatever it was, helped them drill, had knowledge of those ore bodies and because of their knowledge they were able to take advantage and getthese properties. But I think in the main, the AEC,their drilling out here was fair for everyone.SS: I see. Well, I'd like to know something about the way you've handled your company. Are you incorporated andhave you sold stock?GS: We have just a partnership. Most of our 1ives hasbeen in just a partnership. We have hired some men in times when we had lots of ore producing ore, but a good share of the time just us brothers have been able to take care of our own work with very little hired help. But there have been times when we had quite a few men working for us and produced quite a lot of ore. Right now we just kind of have a gentlemen's agreement. It's not even a partnership that is on paper. However we have had companies, corporations--of course, one time we had the Old Shumway Corporation. We put a lot of property into it. We felt like we give the public a fair shake on the property that we put into it. I think probably it's got a sore spot with most everyone, Shumway Uranium, however we feel like that if anyone lost anything we lost more than anyone else. A lot of17
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1people that were in the Shumway Uranium could have got out at a lot higher price than they bought in, but they started believing their own stories like we believed ours I guess and thought they'd ride thetrail to a lot of riches. But this corporation really never made us very much money. But it was an honest corporation we felt like.ss: Were you approached by any of the speculators that came through, wanting to make these penny stock deals and kind of things?GS: Yes, speculators would come around lots of times. Some of them were I would say honest speculators. They really wanted to put something together that would give the public a fair shake. Some were speculated in--couldn't care less for the public. But there have always been lots of speculators around in the mining business. It's a very speculative business because no one can see in the ground very far andwhat might not look like very good ground can become fabulous. People certainly take their chances when they invest in these penny stocks in the uranium business. Some people have made a lot of money; some companies have made a lot of money. But I think themajority of them are companies that just didn't quite have the assets that they said they did and thought18
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1they did. Because of this the public lost a lot of money, but it's an expensive business and the miner himself has put probably more money back into the ground than he ever took out of the ground in lots ofcases. That's not in every case, but in lots of cases. Remember the day when people would come not really knowing very much about the uranium business and the first thing they'd do is go on a piece of property that they had bought for a big price from somebody and built them a big home and maybe made a nice airstrip and really fixed things up swanky andspent a fortune on this type of thing to find out they really didn't have hardly a wheelbarrow of ore when they got hunting for it? Of course a lot of this was their own fault.SS: You never did engage in any of these speculative kinds, or penny stock kind of speculation?GS: Yes, we have bought and sold stocks ourselves. What I mean is in other companies, we had bought stock in other companies and we have had connection with speculators. We have sold lots of property. We have bought property. I guess that's been a speculator like a lot of others.ss: Let's see. I was thinking something a minute ago. Oh, how about staking claims and selling the claims to19
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1people that wanted to buy? Did you ever think this was worthwhile?GS: Yes. We have made quite a lot of money doing that very thing. As I remember these corporations, in order for them to get through the SEC they had to have so much property in the olden days. Anyhow, they needed so much goat pasture. If it was in a good ore trend or behind known channels so much the better. They become more valuable, but sometimes claims were staked just out in the areas where they really didn't have very much of a chance; just a formation so to speak was all there was there and they were put upinto packages. So people could have enough to incorporate and sell their stock. We haven't done that so much, but we have staked lots of claims and sold them to companies or people who have made corporations.SS: Well, have you confined your mining activity to well, you might say the Four Corners area? Have you been in on any of these uranium finds say in Colorado or Wyoming and around?GS: We have looked at properties in other states and other areas, but we've always been contented to stay home and take what was here. We've been busy in other things also, and we've just been content to stay20
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1home. We have mined some in Colorado. Some of the people from Blanding have moved to Colorado who havelearned the mining business here in Blanding and have been very successful in Colorado, Colorado especially. But most of our activities have been right here within a hundred miles of Blanding.SS: Well, have you always found that if you could produce good ore that you could find a market for it? Or have there been times when you were unable to make a suitable sale for your ore?GS: We have always had a good market for our ore. There have been, always been enough buyers, companies that wanted the ore to keep the other companies honest, and we've always been able to do business with these companies and find a market for ore up until just the last few years when we have dealt mainly most of this time with Union Carbide. They have treated us pretty well we feel like, but right now we do have ore that we don't have--there could be a market for it. We haven't gone out and really looked because we don'twant to sell it at a reduced price. But we understand that Union Carbide is not very interested in just uranium ore. They're more interested in the vanadium than the uranium right now, and so that's why wemined the vanadium, uranium, this carnotite ore. 21
 GLEN SS: GS: SS:GS:A . SHUMWAY # 1Just in Cottonwood.In Cottonwood.Well, what are some of the claim names that you have active there now?Our claims that we're mining now are the Sympaticas. We have some called Spring Waters and we have mined the Royal Flush, Cottonwood Four, there's about every name imaginable for every claim. When you deal in thousands of claims you have thousands of names andsome of them are quite the names.I guess naming claims you just kind of after a while tend to run out and--It's kind of--that's true. You kind a scratch your head to think of a name. We kind of felt like you've got to give a claim a good name because it seems like the claim produces better for you. When we named the Payday the Payday that was a good name. It's profitable. I think a lot of other claims had the right name, and so we start naming our claims thevery best we can like Fort Knox and this type of thing.I like that idea. Well, your policy, the way you feel about the future of the industry right now is you've said kind of a waiting game right now. Is that right?SS:GS:ss:GS: Yes. I think that this is just kind of a waiting 22
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1game. I think the uranium industry would have got-- private enterprises would have taken up the slackfrom the government and the boom would have been on the uranium business before now if it hadn't been for the pollution problem and the public so afraid of the waste material from these reactors, kind of hard to dispose of. [They have] been a little bit leary of these reactors and the radioactivity they might have connected with them, and of course we feel that people can't always have just exactly what they want. In order for them to have the cheapest electricity and this type of thing, eventually a good share of our electricity will be produced by uranium, and unless they find something that will take the place of uranium--there are other powers: there's solar power and things that they might come up with so that they wouldn't need uranium, but as of now as far as I know that's the greatest power that there is around. It seems peculiar to me that they are not taking more advantage of it, especially in the space program. I understand they do have an atomic engine that works very well. It looks like to me the best way to have a good space exploration is to have a vehicle that is powered by something that can go for years and years without being refueled. And I guess there are23
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1problems that I don't understand connected with it.SS: I've wondered the same thing myself, although I confess gross ignorance as far as understanding that kind of thing, but it sure seems like that would be a wonderful answer because such a small volume of fissionable material would carry them such a long way where they have to take tons and tons of this otherfuel along.GS: Yeah. And they just have enough to get them out ofthe atmosphere and very little to get them home. That's the way it seemed like to me. Maybe they'll-- there are probably reasons for it--I don't understand it. I would think though that uranium would eventually find it's way into propelling a lot of vehicles on the ground and in the air and in the atmosphere.SS: Well, I don't believe I have any more questions right now. Can you think of anything you'd like to add?GS: No. I'm just kind of an answer man. I can't think very much on my own. I might say that when I come home from the mission field and wanted to get right down to the business of mining, I become a partner with my brother-in-law. In order for me to get married I had to borrow three hundred dollars. We were mining a little place out here in Cottonwood,24
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1and when I come home he had found a little pocket of ore and I was able to pay this debt off without much trouble, but starting from scratch, being able to make a l iving from mining has been an interest. It'sinteresting to me to see some of the beauties that are underground. We think of seeing God's handiwork in the stars and the skies and the things on the earth, but to me--I think there's a scripture somewhere that says that these things plus the earth bare the witness of the divinity of God. When you get down and see the different formations and plant life that's laid in the rocks--I remember one time we had quite a large log or tree that was high grade uranium and vanadium, and when we got down to the root system which we called where the tree butts up, it made quite a large body of ore, but it was--you could see the root system go out from the tree in all directions. In the center of that it was kind of a red oxide of high grade vanadium, but it looked to all the world like a giant black widow spider. You know, we just continually see things that are really beautiful under the ground, and that's what hashelped make mining quite interesting also.ss: I did think of one other thing I'd 1ike to talk about, and that is your cost in mining. I'm sure that25
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1you've seen a tremendous mechanization from the beginning of your mining daysá to now. How have you been able to beat the rising costs and stay in the business with so many other small producers? I won'tsay small producers, but independent producershaven't been able to?GS: Well, in reality machinery, it is true, has takenquite a race since we started to mine. But it seems to me that our going from using dynamite--that's all you would use to load your holes with was dynamite which would give you a good headache, and I mean a good one; a headache on top of the headache--to using drill---?--- Blasting caps haven't taken too big of a rise. Fuses, some of the supplies, but really it doesn't cost us much more to mine than it used to, it seemes like to me because of these mining supplies. Mainly prill, which makes a good driller out of a poor driller because it really does do the job. It'strememdous.SS: Would you explain to me what that is? I have no idea. GS: Well, I understand that how they kind of got on tothis prill is there was a ship somewhere loaded with that back in some harbor. It caught on fire and it exploded and leveled a town. What it is is a fertilizer. It's a nitrate, carbon nitrate, and it's26
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1used a lot. You could take a bag of this fertilizer that we take and under pressure blow it into a drill hole. Just about as long as it takes me to tell you you can load a hole. It doesn't give you any headache. It's granulated, it's white and about thesize a little smaller than a beebee, for a beebee gun, you know, a pellet, maybe about half that size. You could take a bag of that and put it out around your trees and make them grow good. It's just a fertilizer, but they have mixed diesel fuel with it. It's not too good to lay holes that are wet where you're underground in water, but wherever you're dry, why it's just tremendous. It really pulls good, it doesn't give you a headache, it loads faster. Infact, I've heard several miners say if they had to goback to dynamite thy'd just give up mining.SS: Do you have it contained in some kind of sleeve orsomething that you put it in?GS: No. It just comes in the fifty pound bags, paperbags, and you take and dump it into a container and after you get through drilling your holes (which is done with a compresser and air) you just hook your hose onto this container. It has a handle that turns that pressure into that--call it a gun, it's a drill gun, and that forces that in. Of course, you still27
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1have to use one stick of dynamite and your fuse. That's called a primer when you take a cap and put on a fuse and then stick it into a stick of dynamite-- that's a primer. You stick into that hole and then you blow that in there.SS: And the force from the one dynamite stick will ignite all of the prill loaded?GS: Yes. Right. It's absolutely amazing what they will do, a tremendous force there, and it sure does a good job.SS: Well, I'll have to confess some of the other boys on the project were telling me that they had been out to one of the men's mines out here in town and he was using fertilizer to shoot it with, and I thought they were pulling my leg.GS: Yeah. It's amazing to us that that came along. But it's really made the cost of mining so it's not quite as bad. Of course, mining has gone up; the cost of mining has gone up, but the use of the good equipment and really getting mechanized, you're able to make somuch more that it--the old mines that we used to struggle with and take us a year to mine out a pot of ore we could do it now in a week or two with modern equipment. We only wished we had the ore now that we used to have. Our problem today more than any other28
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1problem is having ore. It's not that you can't mineit just as cheap or make more money at it or just as much money, but the mills will buy it. It's just the fact that you've got to hunt harder and go underground further to find the ore. We think this is one thing that will make the price of ore rise again because mines are being depleted. Even the open pitmines, the big mines, they can't go on forever.SS: There's one other area that I'd 1ike to ask you about. It happens to be my special area of interest and that's White Canyon, especially the little town of White Canyon. I wonder what you can tell me aboutthat?GS: Well, VCA built a mill down on the Colorado River andthe mouth of White Canyon. I don't know how the recovery was on that mill. I used to haul ore from the Hideout Mine in an---?---. We'd haul about ten tons and go down into that mill. We didn't ever feel like we got too good of assays. We felt like maybe they weren't getting too good of recovery down there. I guess there was--I just can't, I couldn't guess how many people used to live down in that little town, but there was a little town one time. Of course, when they--I guess the mill wasn't profitable; they dismantled it, moved it out of there now where the29
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1little town of White Canyon is under the lake.ss: That's what I understand. Do you know how much the settlement developed as a town? I believe they had a school for a while and other--were there any other what you might call community projects or activities that you know of?GS: I'm not that well acquainted with it, but I suppose they had a store there, maybe a couple of stores, I don't know. They'd have--they had the ferry there, a Mr. Chapman had a ferry would take people back and forth over to his farm. He had a real nice farm over there. He'd even raise dates and figs and watermelons and this type of thing. It really looked like a little metropolis from out of Florida somewhere there.SS: That was across the river?GS: That was across the river. But even the ferry that--the ferry cars had to go through the little town of White Canyon and go on across the river and go on over to Hanksville and that area. They no doubt had the school there, and they had the post office, and it takes quite a few men to run a mill. I don't suppose that town ever got up over maybe a hundred people though. I don't--I'm really not that well acquainted. That's just a guess.30
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1SS: You don't happen to know where this Mr. Chapman isnow, do you?GS: I'm not sure whether he's alive or not. I just don'tknow. I remember when that ferry was dedicated. Me and another boy got in the river way upstream and swam down there and we got really chewed out royally for doing that because that's quite foolish, but they had a little band come over from Loa and played there and it was quite a to-do, but a few days before they dedicated the ferry me and this Mr. Calvin Black whois now one of our commissioners, in the mouth of White Canyon, we got in the mouth of White Canyon and we took pitchforks and threw out a lot of fish. We fed a quite few people fish there when they dedicated that ferry. [laughter]SS: You mean it was so full of fish you could catch them with pitchforks?GS: Well, the thing that had happened was the river--or a flood had come down White Canyon somehow or another, and anyhow, it had damned the White Canyon from flowing; stopped it from flowing into the river, andof course the White Canyon wouldn't run any water then, so it was just a big pond in there. We'd go in there and his father had built a road into that area. That's why we were down there. We were probably about31
 GLEN A . SHUMWAY # 1fifteen or s ixteen I guess.SS: Okay. I certainly do thank you for your time and your information. I think this has been very helpful.GS: Well, it 's kind of been a brain scratcher to bringSS:GS:back lots of memories and things. It's been enjoyable for me and I hope that it's beneficial to someone. I have no intention of making anyone in a bad light in anything I've said here. You have to take your breaks and give and take in the mining business.I think you've been very objective in your talking today and I thank you. Well, is there any other little postscript you'd like to add before we close? Well, I would like to make it clear that not only us brothers have got along well in the mining business but the brother-in-laws that have worked with us have contributed as much as we have to the mining business and I've always appreciated working with, not only with my brothers, but my brother-in-laws also.SS: Very fine. Thank you.[END OF INTERVIEW]32