 MARSHALL W. SCOTT Grand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview ByClare Engle, Greg Brolin, and Rich GibbsUranium History Project Tape No. 102 Interview #1July 28, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsBackground 1 Years with the AEC 3 Union Carbide Subcontractors. 9 Dealings with the AEC. 11 Exploration with Union Carbide. 15 Contracts . . . 15 His Job Today. 15
 THE FOLLOWING I S CONDUCTED BY CL ARE T H E U N I O N C A R B I D E JULY 28, 1970.AN INTERVIEW WITH MARSHALL W. SCOTT, ENGL E, GREG B R O L I N , AND R I C H G I B B S , A T O F F I C E I N GR A ND J U N C T I O N , C O L O R A D O , ONCE: Thank you very much Mr. Scott for taking time to talk with us this morning. As you know, Greg Brolin, Richard Gibbs and I are working on a history of the uranium industry on the Colorado Plateau. Before we discuss that however, and your career with Union Carbide, will you tell us where you were born and where you were raised and educated?MS: Born in the city of Yakima, Washington, and grew up pricipally on a ranch in the little town of Grandview about 45 miles south of Yakima. I graduated from high school, the local high school there, and then attended the State College of Washington at Pullman[now Washington State University]; graduated from there in the spring of 1939. Following that I took off in search of employment which was not plentiful in those days, and wound up in the center of a primitive area in Idaho at a little gold mine, which operated for a year after I gained employment there. Following that I returned to the state of Washington and worked for another year for ---?--- Company atHolden above Lake Chelan in W ashington.CE: In what did you get your degree? What were you doing
 MARSHALL W. SCOTT first in Idaho?MS: I graduated from college with a bachelor's degree in mining engineering. In Idaho I started out working underground as a handmucker. In about three months after my arrival there, one of the mill hands leftand I spent the rest of my time as a mill operator at that place. When I went up to Holden then, I hired out there also as a handmucker and gradually worked up to a position of a miner prior to the time that I was drafted in the army. Then from then until, when did I get out of the army--I was released from the army in February of 1946. At that time I attained employment with the American Zinc, Lead and Smelting Company at Metaline Falls, Washington, in a lead and zinc mine up there as an assistant engineer.CE: That's the first time you were doing anything that was connected with your college work then really.MS: Right. It was considered good form in those days to start out at the bottom [laughter], and I'm not so sure it didn't have some merit. I stayed at Metaline Falls for a number of years working up to position ofmine foreman for a little property just south of the Canadian border out of Metaline Falls for the last year that I was there. In 1954 I came to Grand Junction, Colorado, and accepted employment with the2
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTAtomic Energy Commission as a field engineer for them. I stayed with the AEC for two years and then in the spring of 1956 came to work for my present employer, Union Carbide Corporation, known as UnionCarbide Nuclear in those days. Now is that sufficientor do you want me to bring it completely to date?CE: Perhaps the boys have some questions regarding yourtwo years with the AEC.GB: You say you were a field engineer now, just in whatcapacity were you working there?MS: That was during the time that the manner of locatinguranium claims was in question, and Public Law 250 had fallen by the wayside and Circular Seven had replaced it. Now Circular Seven was a leasing program operated by the AEC for people to obtain leases on their--what they had staked as claims prior to that time. Or if they had no claims prior to that time they would locate tracks which were equivalent . to a mining claim in size and shape, and then through the AEC could obtain leases to operate these properties. And it was my job to make field examinations of these properties to see that all the requirements were complied with, and to accept their applications andprocess them through to a complete lease.GB: In what area were you working--on the Plateau?3
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTMS:GB:MS:GB: MS:Yes, it was strictly on the Plateau. Well, I won't say strictly either, because we did get up into Wyoming and South Dakota for a period of time and that was off the strict Plateau.Were these leases to large firms or were they all individual, pardon me, independent?They, these leases were applied for by all manner of persons--from small farmers to larger corporations. What determined who got these leases?Strictly a matter of first come first serve. Of course if there were conflicts between one locator and another that was, that had to be resolved between the parties thereto before the Commission would act on it. We were not in a position of referees in those types of discussions.Were there any substantial quantities of ore found in the, on these claims?Yes there was. Actually when it comes right down to it we didn't issue too many of these leases. There were quite a number but many of them didn't come to fruition on the basis of the lease, because there was a large quantity of production from prior properties which had been located for vanadium or otherwise, and actually the number of leases that were left that developed into big properties was rather few. TheGB:MS:4
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTCircular Seven program didn't last very long. It expired on August of 1955 and was supplanted by Public Law 585 which made it possible to locate uranium claims as regular mining claims under the mining laws, and all of the lease applications werein process at that time were revoked, rescinded and provision was made for those people who had applied for leases to validate their claims as mining claims. So in actuality the number of properties which actually came into production under the leasing, Circular Seven leasing program, wasn't too great.GB: What about the claims in--I believe you mentioned Wyoming and South Dakota? Were there any great quantities of ore. there?MS: There were no, yes. To answer two questions at one there--the Shirley Basin is a large producer, a very great producer and other, and the Gas Hills also is a large producer, and those are both in Wyoming. South Dakota never developed any large production. Therewere only a few mines there which actually were really economically good investments, but the Wyoming production is still one of our major producers--the Wyoming area. That would be in the Shirley Basin and the Gas Hills. Now recently there have beenannouncements of other large discoveries made in the 5
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTPowder River Basin in Wyoming just north of Shirley Basin. It gives promise of being another major producer in the near future.Now did all the leases of this period, did they fall under the same AEC rules and regulations of, according to safety and ventilation as prior leases have?Yes they did, under that program, yes.And they were inspected by both Bureau Mines and AEC officials for ventilation and safety?Yes. The ventilation program was not as great in those days as it is now, of course. That was not as much emphasis placed on ventilation in those days as there is now. We did always inspect for safety as well as adequate ventilation for silocosis prevention, if not for radiation control purposes. Isn't it true that ventilation has been used in all types of mining for many years now?Oh yes. Silicosis has always been a major problem in mining, and ventilation has been one of the bettermeans of controlling this. Wet drilling, of course, keeps the dust down, and ventilation carries the moisture and powder fumes and other noxious gases away so that it, it is an important part of allGB:MS: GB:MS:GB:MS:mining programs.6
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTGB: Is it actually specifi ed by AEC that mines beventilated?MS: I don't remember what the terms of those leases were.GB: MS:I think that there were certain regulations regarding ventilation and safety, yes.Were the dangers of radon daughters known then?They were beginning to be aware of it in those days, yes. Even many years before that. In Europe it wasrecognized that there was a higher incidence of lung cancer among uranium miners or radium miners as they were producing in those days then there was among the general populace. It's always been recognized that there's a greater hazard in radioactive mines than in others.What about smoking in mines--was there a lot of that? That, that connection was not made until in the last few years, within the last five or seven years I think. This has been fairly well established now that the combination of exposure to radiation and smoking at the same time produces a lot more lung cancer than does either of them alone.What was the reason for this, or can you explain the reason for this stretch-out program?It was apparent that the commercial market for uranium was not going to develop fast enough toGB: MS:GB:MS:7
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTmaintain the industry through the years after the AEC program was to end initially. So this stretch-out program was devised to bridge the gap between the AEC purchases as a market, the only market for uranium producers, and the commercial market which was expected to develop in the early, develop in the early '70s.GB: What was the net result of that stretch-out program as you saw it?MS: It maintained a number of operations in business that otherwise might not have been in business yet.RG: How would Union Carbide have been affected? Would it have caused Union Carbide to close down the mills on the Plateau. And most of it's operation has been the stretch-out program?MS: I believe that's true--yes. We had no commercial sales that I know of that would have carried us through this period of the stretch-out from 1962 on to 1970.CE: What are you implying then?MS: It was a lifesaver for the uranium industry.CE: But what happens after December 31st of this year? MS: By this time the commercial market has developed tothe point where most organizations are going to be able to continue to operate without the AEC help.8
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTCE: The contracts are primarily commercial then?MS: Yes, right.CE: For domestic purposes rather than military.MS: Well, yes these are, as I understand it most of thecontracts that I have heard about are for power production not for military purposes. I believe that probably the military will rely principally on the government stockpiles of uranium for their source offissionable materials.GB: I'm interested in another aspect of this. UnionCarbide subcontractors--now are you familiar with the relationship that Union Carbide subcontractors have with the company?MS: To a certain extent, yes. You're speaking now of our contract miners who operate our mines for us?GB: Yes.MS:I don't know quite how to express this. Our contract, our contracts with our contract miners specify a payment to the miner or the contractor on the basis of the tonnage and the grade of the ore he produces for us. He is strictly an independent contractor. He has no reliance upon us for anything but payment forhis production.GB: How does he obtain a contract? Is it competitivebidding?9
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTMS:No, these people apply to the mine superintendent, the superintendent of mines for a contract--just making it known verbally that their desire is to obtain such, and when one comes up and the contractor looks good, why he gets a contract. We have in times past employed a great many people who perhaps weren't the most competent contractors but because of our need for production and our unwillingness to discriminate heavily against such people we employed them as our contractors. We have a great many, a great variety of people working for us under these contractors.What about the terms and the lengths of these contracts?Mostly they were written for periods of a year or six months extendable at the end of each period through mutual agreement.Is this six month period to give the company an out?I suspect it might be. I'm not really sure of their thinking back of that requirement but it could be construed to mean that I believe.Did the AEC, getting back on the Atomic EnergyCommission, back in 154 had they had any second thoughts on their leasing program now that they had seen it in operation for, well, since '49? Since theGB:MS:GB: MS:GB:10
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTAtomic Energy Commission's leasing program had beenin effect since late '48 and early '49 how did they look on it in 1954? Why did they decide, or did they have any second thoughts on this type of leasing?MS: There were two types of leases here. The early leases were for the purpose of obtaining uranium production. The later leases, the Circlar Seven type leases weresimply for getting around the legal questions of how to locate uranium claims or obtain an interest in uranium deposits so that they could mine them.GB: After corning to Union Carbide, did you have any dealings with the Atomic Energy Commission?MS: Not for a few years--directly. I was working in Uravan as a production engineer down there and as chief engineer for a time, and then as mine foreman at May Belle for a time and then as chief engineer in the Gas Hills, and in 1965 I returned to Grand Junction, as administrator for the stretch-out contract which had already been signed by Carbide and the Commission, and to organize the record keeping for the mining department to determine what our pricewould be through the 1969-70 period.GB: At this time I understand the Atomic EnergyCommission is interested in keeping tabs on the potential of the, not only the Plateau, but the11
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTentire uranium program in the United States. Does Union Carbide work closely with the Atomic Energy Commission?MS: Only to the extent that we provide the AEC with information regarding our reserves.GB: Do AEC people ever look at your mines now? Do they ever--MS: Oh yes.GB: Do they take part in any types of exploration?MS: No, I believe the AEC is not doing any explorationdrilling or otherwise at the present time. It's entirely up to industry to maintain and develop, to find new reserves.GB: Were you ever involved in exploration with Union Carbide?MS: Only to the extent where it was going on in operations where I was employed. I have not been an exploration director you might say.GB: What types of exploration goes on in mines already in operation?MS: We have a number of types of drilling that we do. Of course the surface drilling is that which everyone sees. We continually do that not only around mines which are in existence but principally the surface drilling is done in areas where we are actually12
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTlooking for new deposits. The drilling that's carried on near the mine is usually underground, done underground and there are two types of drilling there. One is what is known as long hole drilling or diamond drilling from underground openings and the other is a test hole drilling which is done with percussion drills and it drills a shorter hole. Now these, this underground drilling is carried on from the workings and is simply done in an attempt to determine the trend of the ore and to locate new ore bodies which are adjacent to the workings.GB: Now that the AEC program is about to end, the AEC procurement program, and what type of contracts, you mentioned that they are all going to mostly be power usage. What company are these contracts with?MS: These contracts are all with milling companies which produce yellow cake or U308 concentrates. Is that answer you were--?GB: What I meant was that, you're obtaining your yellow cake and who are you selling it to?MS: I'm not sure just who, what the names of these companies are who are buying these concentrates. They are power companies, however, electric generating companies.CE: Is there competitive bidding for that too? 13
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTMS:CE: MS:GB: RG:MS:I don't know how those contracts are arrived at. I think there may be.You have to do a proposal andYes, I believe this is the way it's operated. Our contracts are all negotiated in the New York office and we out here don't hear too much about them, the details.I have no further questions.Are the contracts then the enlargement all the small ore bodies in operation with the contractors that you now have or are they going to be just given out to the large operations?I think that would depend entirely on how much or what commitments any particular organization might have. In our own instance I think we will probably continue to produce from our own properties the small as well as the large and also purchase ore from miners who have ore to sell.What specifically are you doing now as a liaison man or as Union Carbide's representative for the AEC?CE:MS: Right at the moment there isn't a great deal that needs to be done. However, the job that I love doing through 1968 specifically, especially was administering our end of the contract to provide theAEC with the cost figures which were necessary to go 14
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTinto this price determination formula. And I worked with our field people and our accounting department and our auditors and the AEC auditors to develop this cost information which was required to go into the formula for determining what price we would receive during this last two years of the stretch-out. Thefirst four years of the stretch-out of course, we received standard eight dollar price and after that the price was determined by a formula which was 85 percent of certain allowable costs under the contract plus a dollar seventy per pound with a six dollar and seventy cent maximum price. Each mining company that had a contract with AEC had to maintain this same type of cost accounting in order to determine what price each of them was to receive, and the price does vary from one to another. Up to the six-seventy limit of course, they were able to generate sufficient cost to raise the calculated price above six-seventy, then they would receive the six dollars and seventy centsper pound.RG: At that price they would be losing money technically. MS: Losing money in a sense that they weren't receivingeight dollars a pound as they had been in the past, but many of them, it was possible for them to make money at six dollars and seventy cents a pound.15
 MARSHALL W. SCOTTRG: Okay, I don't have any further questions.CE: Is there anything further you want to say in regardto your work with the AEC?MS: I don't think so. Aside from the fact that I'vethoroughly enjoyed working with them and found them a really fine bunch of people to work with. We've had no major differences.RG: Thank you very much.MS: You 1 re entirely welcome and I enjoyed meeting you andtalking with you.[END OF INTERVIEW]