 C. JAY NIELSON, KEITH GUYMAN, ET AL. Fry Canyon, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-152August 5, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsAugust 5, 1970Tape #1:C. Jay Nielson: Mining Accident1Mining the Happy Jack Keith Guyman: The Blue Lizard Mine ..The Mill in Monticello. Ben?: Bull's-Eye Mine . . . .RoundTable Discussion: MiningThe Marines and a Flash Flood. The Happy Jack MineShumway's Mines . .M ines. 3 7 10 14 16 18 20 . . . . . 23 A ccidents. 27 Room Sizes and Supports .. ¥ ¥ 29 Horses in the M ines. 32 Mining, A Way of Life. ¥ ¥ 37The Marquis and Rebel
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH C. JA Y NIELSON AND KEITH GUYMAN, CONDUCTED BY SUZANNE SIMON AT THE HAPPY JACK5 , 1 9 7 0 . T H I S DISCUSSION AMONG I S AN INTERVIEW THE URANIUM INDUSTRY PROJECTS, JOINTL Y SPONSORED BY U N I V E R S I T Y O F U T A H A ND C A L I F O R N I A S T A T E C O L L E G E A TMINE I N FRY CANYON, UT AH, ON AUGUST INTERVIEW I S FOLLOWED BY A ROUND TABLEMINERS AT THE HAPPY JACK MINE. THISTHEFORT H E FULLERTON.SS: Well, c., tell me how you came to be in this country? CN: I know I came up here to finish school and I stayedhere. ---?---SS:CN:SS:CN: Yeah, San Juan High School. I just finished the lastI was born and raised in Utah and Arizona. Did you go to school up here?semester of my senior year.SS: Do your folks live up here?CN: No. My mother's folks are all up here. About half ofthe town is related to my mother. I had a sister uphere at that time and a brother.SS: What did you do when you got out of high school?CN: Well, I thought I was going to do a little of being aminer right then. I worked that summer and thendecided that was too much work. I joined the navy.ss: What year was that?CN: That was in '51. I was in for four years. In November'55 I took over Dad's business down in Tucson for a couple of years. Then I came on back up here and I've
 C. JAY NIELSON #1been mining off and on ever since that year. I just hit the age when I started mining.Hmm. Do you 1ike it any better now than when you decided after high school?Not a bit.Where did you start mining when you came back to it? The first place I went was down Red Canyon, down at Martin. They first started me down there. I started to run a trip. I was there a few months. I got hurt. Then I went--no, I guess I was off about a year, thenSS:CN: SS: CN:SS:CN: SS: CN:I went back. They had me down at that place about four times.Hmm. What happened? What kind if an accident did you have?Oh, I got tangled up---?---How did it happen? Was it somebody else's--?Yeah, it was somebody else's fault. Yeah, this operator wasn't watching himself, operating from the side, standing on the side of it; all the controls are right there on the side. It's air driven, airmotors, three motors on each truck. There's forward and reverse and a motor for the bucket. It was an--- ?--- loader and ---?--- the bucket right over. He wasn't watching that ledge and ran himself right into that ledge. He got pinned, leaning against that2
 C. JAY NIELSON #1bucket lever. The bucket was coming up, and while he was pinned there the bucket was going to decapitate him. So I tried to dive over the machine to get to the controls. I didn't quite make it. I make it over to that---?---.What happened to him?SS: CN:SS: CN: SS:CN:It barely even scratched his back a 1ittle bit and one leg a little bit. He was back to work in a couple of weeks.It took you a year to get straightened out, huh?Yeah, still haven't straightened it out yet.What's the ore body like down at the Marquis? Is it sim ilar to the Happy Jack here?No. I guess you might call that a definite channel down there. Although, it's never ----?--- Oh, probably average is around two and a half to three feet, average thickness of the ore. It's nothing similar to this. Oh, the ore structure itself is. As far as the formation and everything, it just rolls around with no rhyme or reason. Really no indication of any channel.SS: After you left the Marquis, where else did you mine? CN: Oh, I was up at Cottonwood, up at their plant.SS: Why do you suppose they named that the Avalanche? Ithough miners liked to have kind of lucky names on 3
 C. JAY NIELSON #1 mines?CN:ss: CN:I don't know. That's all that thing was, a bad mine. Well, that whole country up there was. It's awful. Wet, real wet, it's all unsettled.You mean all the upper Cottonwood mines?Yeah, they're all real wet. I was up at the Rebel. That's not operating now, hasn't been for quite a while. It's right on the south edge of ---?--- in fact, it's right before you get to the Sandy Hide- out.Uh huh. Who owned that one?Box Driver owned it. It was a state-lease on a school-section, state-lease.How was that mine?Oh, it was very good, except that it was nothing but mud, just a big mud-roll in there. It was safe once you got all the mud down---?---. Sometimes you had to go 12 or 15 feet to get your solid [ground].Did you all mine it out?About part of it was mined out. There was a big mud roll that just cut all the ore off clear across the channel. It'd been drilled out real good. He knew just exactly what he had ther.e. His plans were to move down along the valley. I think the name, the Three Sister's mine, I think is what it was, downSS: CN:SS: CN:SS: CN:4
 C. J AY NIELSON #1there in Mitchell Mesa, down there. He was going to go down and mine that for a while. Make enough money to come back up and run another drip back behind this mud roll to get back into the ore again. He got killed before he could come back up.SS: A mining accident?CN: Yeah. He ran that, he built a--oh, I don't know, howhigh it was. I'd just estimate a thousand feet of just sheer ledge. He build a den right there and anchored it back into the---?---. He cut the ledge a little big so he could get the truck back into there under the den. I guess about the first load of ore he brought out was in a shuttle car. It wound up being on the---?---. And the---?--- where he had it tied off broke and snapped and just threw him off over into space. The shuttle car stayed there and the shuttle car went down. When it went down it just kinda----?---.ss: For heaven's sake!CN: I went back up there to Rebel and that other drip inthere. Ralph Newnen from Blanding took over the lease and he subleased it out to three guys from Blanding. I went back up there to finish running the drip back in. Well, we hit the channel. Instead of going on up the channel like they should have, they wanted to go5
 C. JAY NIELSON #1back down the channel back towards the mud roll to make sure they didn't miss any ore. They didn't make anything; the ore wasn't good enough for them to make anything. They finally just gave it up.ss: Never did try to go down the channel?CN: No, I think--well, that's why, the ore goes down thechannel. If we had gone up the channel away from the mud I'm sure we could gave got in some good ores.--- -?---- There are some pretty good drill holes up there.ss: Who are the people that leased the Rebel that you are working for?CN: Well, Jack Tate and Dan Shumway, that's Grace's grandson, Leroy's boy. Jack, he could see where he was never going to make anything on this so he got out and Dan just took it all over. Now I just work for Dan. Then I finally convinced him that he was never going to get anything out of it either, unless he turned up the channel. ---?---. When I left him, that 's when I came down here. I 've been down here ever since.SS: Are they still mining the Rebel now?CN: Well, Ralph Newnen went up there---?---- and scoffedaround a little bit and took a couple of Navajos up there and just--oh, just slapped stuff off the ribs,6
 C. JAY NIELSON #1over the ribs and stuff. I don't think he really got that much out of it. As far as I know there is no one up there now.SS: Where did they sell that ore?CN: It went to Union Carbide and Sierra---?---SS: And it's the upper Cottonwood---?---CN: Yeah.SS: And that was the Revolution?CN: Yeah. The Revolution, that's all that I have everworked in machinery. But when I first started out there at Cottonwood, lower Cottonwood, it was worse that it is now. There were only a few of them scattered around then.SS: Then when you came down here to the Happy Jack, had Elmer and John already taken it over?CN: Yeah. They had already taken it over. They had just run into that big grade ore. No one knew then for sure what it was. That's one of the reasons I came down here, just when they ran into that.SS: How was mining that out? Fun?CN: Not really.SS: No?CN: We had a little too much in the incline to get downthe bottom of it. It took up probably three months to ever bottom out and about two weeks to mine it out.7
 C. JAY NIELSON #1SS: How far down did you have to go?CN: Well, I think--I imagine we probably dropped aboutthirty-five feet.ss: Hmm. And did that bring you right to the bottom ofthe incline, to the bottom of the pod?CN: Yeah. Actually we had three inclines is what it was.We started in on one and went around and came in on the backside. We just kept taking it down and around until it got so steep that we couldn't get back out of it. Then we backed up and went around on the other side and came in another direction. We ran another incline down, went down so far and leveled out and went in and took another level of it out. We backed up on that level spot and that incline from there and went on down to get the very bottom of it out. So actually, there were three different inclines, three different levels.SS: Do you have any idea how many tons you took out of there?CN: There were 800 tons--well, right around 800.SS: And what did it run?CN: I can't remember right off. It was over 4% uraniumand 17-18% copper, something like that.SS: And since you've been working here at the Happy Jack, how do you normally work? Do you work up here through8
 C. JAY NIELSON #1the week and then go back to Blanding? Or are you in and out more often than that?CN: Up until this summer we've just been staying out here all week. Come out Monday morning and go in Friday afternoon. Fishing turned bad, so we started going in on Wednesday evenings now.ss:CN:During the summer. So the fish bite all year? I wanted to ask.Well, all except perch. During the run-off period, it gets muddy up on this end of the lake. I don't know whether they just don't feed or whether they move out to clearer water. You just don't catch them during that run-off period. Of course, all the farther down the lake this run-off isn't affected at all. All the mud's gone, filtered out and settled by the time it gets down there.What we're talking about is going down to Lake Powell after you finish work to fish. You mean to tell me that this work doesn't appeal to you if you can manage it like that?SS:CN: Well, that's not what brought me down here.ss: (laugh)CN: No. I just wanna get out of mining while I am stillyoung enough to find another job.SS: Uh huh. Do you have anything in particular in mind9
 KEITH GUYMAN #1you want to do?CN: No. Well, no education. I just have to take anything that comes along. Around here a guy can't be too fussy about jobs, that is, if you want to work. Some people don't even pretend to keep a steady job around here.SS: Well---?---. Well, Keith, how about telling me how you got into this business.KG: Well, when I got out of high school, I started driving a truck. Hauling for ---?--- down in Red Canyon, in Monte Carlo Camiel. I didn't--the first mining I ever did was when I first started running the drift in the---?--- down at Red Canyon.SS: What mines were you hauling out at Red Canyon? KG: Well, it was---?----.SS: Who owned the claim?KG: Dick Red and Claudia Red from Blanding.ss: And this was--in what year did you--?KG: This was in 1953.SS: '53. When you were hauling ore in '53, what kind ofan outfit did you drive?KG: Well, I was driving a two-ton Chevrolet truck--SS: When you drove to Monticello, how did you come? Didyou go out of Red Canyon, up that to--what is it? [Highway] 279?10
 K E I T H GUYMAN # 1KG: Well, at first we went up over, we'd go up over---?--- Mountain. That was before that [Highway] 260 or 95was built.SS: When you go up that way, do you go up Comb Ridge?KG:SS:KG:SS: KG:SS:KG:SS:No. Right at Cottonwood and turn and go over---?--- Mountain and cross down over by the natural bridges. Comb Ridge just springs up to the Alhambra, doesn't go beyond it.Well, you can cross, right across the head of it by the mountain.Was that a rough ride?Yeah. It was pretty rough road. Not too many people travelled that way then.Did the road come across the divide and come across here at Hite?Yeah. It came down through. You had a ferry down at Hite, you'd cross the ferry and on up to Hanksville. How about--then Red Canyon was a dead end. I mean, you just came in there and got your ore and were on your way out.KG: Yeah. That was the end of the road once you got down to there.SS: And did you have to load the ore right into the truck yourself?KG: Yeah. When I first started hauling down there, they 11
 K E I T HGUYMAN # 1had about three Indians, a truck driver and three Indians to load the ore into the truck. Then they finally got a little Oliver loader, about a half-ton in a scope, and they started to use that to load after that.And how long did you do that?Well, I hauled down there for about six months. Then I started mining up at the Blue Lizard for Dick Red. Was that the first development work that had been done on the Blue Lizard?Yeah. They started right on that drip. They started out as 800 feet and then they had to detour around a mud bank back in there. They ended up with about a thousand foot drip. It was all hand-marked, marked by hand, the whole drip.How long did it take you?Well, I didn't work there until they had completed it. But it took them, I don't know, over a year I guess.---?---They were running two shifts, they had one driller and two markers on each shift.SS: KG:SS:KG:SS: KG:SS: KG:SS: They must have been set on getting that ore out.KG: Yeah. Well, it was a waste when they were running that drip. It probably took them 47 shift hours or12
 K E I T H GUYMAN # 1something like that to hand-mark it.SS: And did they--after they started mining up there, did the ore continue to go to Monticello?KG:Yeah. When they hit ore they started the Blue Lizard to work and going into Monticello, oh, for about a year or two. Then they build a sampling plant out down near the Happy Jack and they started hauling it down there.And when the ore arrived down there, the owners had paid for it, hadn't they?Yeah. I think they just crushed it and sampled it and assayed it and laid it. Then they just stockpiled it. They didn't mail it or nothing. They were just a buying station.Then when the ore was all moved again, was that all at government expense?Yes, they finally ended up hauling it all into Mexican Hat.How long did you mine on the Blue Lizard? How long did I mine there?Uh huh.Oh, I only mined there for about six months. Was it a pretty good mine? Did you like it?SS:KG:SS:KG:SS: KG: SS: KG: SS:KG: No. I didn't like it too well. Shoveling ain't too much fun.13
 K E I T H GUYMAN # 1SS: So, after you left what did you do?KG: Well, I started driving trucks again and I hauled oreout of there for quite a while into Monticello. Then after that I went to work at the mill over in Monticello, for---?---.SS: That mill in Monticello was owned by the AEC, I think. Then what happened, did the individual companies lease it or something?KG: Yes. They leased. One company had the sampling plant, and one had the mill. They just had government contracts on it.SS: What did you do at the mill?KG: Oh, I ran these, what they called Peterson filters,they're some big filters that filter the uranium---?---SS: Can you describe where in the process they fit in? KG: Well, let's see. You had the roaster and everything,you know, and then you mixed the soda ash with it. Idon't understand exactly the process.SS: They change the process pretty often up there, don'tthey?KG: They have two processes.SS: How long did you stay at that mine?KG: Oh, I worked there for about a year I think. Then Iwent over to Colorado to mine over at a mine called 14
 KEITH GUYMAN #1the Tramp over by---?---.SS:KG:SS:KG:SS:KG:SS:KG:SS: KG:Now that's a different formation than what you had mined over here in Red Canyon.Yeah. They had som e---?---.How did the two compare? Which was better to work in do you think?Well, I liked this last one better. They were mining over there, and see, they were just drifting in this other one. We never had any ore, we were just drifting all the time.Well, was that--the Blue Lizard did eventually become a pretty good mine, didn't it?Yeah. After they got back out ---?--- Then they started using loaders and stuff to mine. They run all the drifts by hand.Oh, I see. All your work over there was with the drifting.Yes. I never did work there after they got to the ore. I hauled out of there then.And did you stay over in Colorado for a good while? Ah, I was over there for about a year, I think that's it.SS: Uh huh. Where did you live when you were working over there?KG: We lived on a---?--- van. We had a trailer down 15
 BEN? #1there and we just drove back and forth to the mine every day.Uh huh. How was your van as a town--a place to live? Ah, it was pretty good. It was a company town, Union Carbide owned the town and about everything there belonged to them. It was a pretty good place.SS: KG:ss:KG:SS:KG:SS:KG:Did they get to you, all the company prices and things, food?No. They were real reasonable. They had a supermarket kind of a deal, prices were as competitive as anywhere else.They didn't do anything like the other companies have? That was issue a---?---No, I don't think so. I wasn't working directly for the company, I was working for some leasers. I don't think they had any---?--- or anything.Uh huh. Was your van, did it have several hundred people in it then? How big was it?It was probably only five hundred at the most, maybe less.SS: Uh huh. Mostly single fellows or families?KG: No, it was mostly families.SS: And---?--- Ben, what did you do?BX: ---?--- went to work down at the---?--- mineral andright after that at Red Canyon. 16
 BEN? #1SS: What were you doing for them?BX: Well, we went over there and they had this inclinerun down and they had been trying to use shuttle cars. It was so steep that they couldn't get down it. So we put track in.SS: What mine was this?BX: It was Spook, Crew, and the Bul1's Eye, they hadgotten together. SS: Uh huh.BX: While I was there we just got things kind of shaped up. Then they ran that track down and fixed the bends up. They got ready to start mining and then we did a little bit of mining.SS: When you say "we," do you mean the crew, or were you in some partnership with someone on that?BX: Well, there was just me and some other kid down there that were working that end.ss: And did you stay there until--well, you did a little bit of mining there. Were they pretty good mines?BX: Yeah. It turned out to be a pretty good mine. Would've been real good if they'd---?--- and tried to keep the ore clean, but they just shot everything. I don't think they really got a very good grade of ore there. They could've if they had mined it right.SS: Who owns--oh, you say---?--- Mineral? 17
 BEN? #1BX: ---?--- Oil, yes.ss: Did they, when you got to the ore production, didthey oversee the work and hire the people or did theylease it?BX: No, it was a company operation. They ran itthemselves.ss: How large an operation was it?BX: Oh, at one time they must have had close to fiftyminers there.SS: In your experience with mines in this area, have younoticed or have you seen that the big companies will use a whole lot of miners, and what kind of a job can they do comparable to say a small crew that just takes the time and produces good ore?BX: Well, most of the big companies haven't make any money mining out here because they do it on such a large scale that they run the grade of their ore down so much and they don't make nothing on it.SS: So, it hasn't been too successful for the big companies?BX: No, I don't think so.SS: Well, what did you do when you left the ---?--- atthe Bulls-eye?BX: Well, then I spent two years in the Marine Corps.Then I came back out of the Marine Corps and started 18
 BEN? #1hauling ore again. Started the process over---?---.SS: I believe you were in on a kind of a dramatic phase one time when there'd been a flash flood and some miners injured. Could you tell me about that?BX: Yes, I was working for San Juan County roads then. We were--we'd been up on a mountain putting culverts in, and me and another fellow come down to Cottonwood Wash and there was a flood in it. We were sitting there waiting for the flood to come down and these guys came down in a station wagon. They were GaryShumway and Rex and Buddy Shumway. They came down there and they said that Rex had been blown up in a mine. They had him laid in a blanket back there and he was soaking wet and the blanket was wet. He was laying back there. We--I don't know, he looked like he was in pretty bad shape. My father, he was on the other side of the creek in a pick-up. So we got this truck, it was a big four wheel drive truck, and we loaded him in the back and kept the fan belt on it so it wouldn't--the fan would drown the engine out when we come across the creek. We loaded him on the back and hauled him across and then we transferred him into the pick-up and then my dad hauled him on intoMonticello, to the hospital at Blanding. SS: Was the water really high?19
 BEN? #1BX: Well, we waded across first and it was--I don't know,probably three or four feet deep, something likethat.SS: Is three or four feet of water enough in this countryto be moving rocks or trees and---?---?BX: Yeah. It will move rocks or trees or cars or anythingelse if you get out in there.SS: Did you have any trouble getting across it?BX: No, I came right across.SS: That was--must've been quite a trip across the riveror the creek or whatever. Ah, well, in between work, you said you worked for the county roads then. When did you go back to mining?BX: Well, after I got out of the service. I got out of the service in 1958. Then I hauled ore. I bought me a truck and hauled are again for about a year and then I went back to the Happy Jack. This Navajo kid had a lease over there and we worked over there for about a year, I guess. The mine belonged to the VCA and we had to lease from them. We ran that and got part of the bonus deal on the ore. We got the rest of thebonus out.SS: Who was the Navajo that had the lease? What was hisname?BX: Tony Perkins. He went to school, I went to---?---20
 BEN? #1high school with him.SS: Did you have a pretty good operation over there?BX: Yeah. Well, most of it was by hand, hand-marking and shuttle car. But we did quite well, made pretty goodSS: BX:SS:BX: ss: BX:ss: BX:SS: BX:money.Did you mine it out?Yeah. We were following this little channel and we mined and ended right up on the other side on the rim. That was the end of that.How was it, how was the VCA? Were they pretty good to you?Well, we had to pay 25% royalty on it.Pretty nice, huh?Oh yes. If you had ore it wasn't bad, but if you had, then the government paid the freight, so it really wasn't too awfully bad.Where did that ore go?It went to the Mexican Hat mill. The VCA told us to take this, 'cause if didn't have any vanadium in it-- so they didn't haul it to their mill. They just shipped it down to Texas Zinc.After that played out what did you do?Just then, right then, me and Carl Magnan got another VCA lease down on the reservation, in Teec Nos Pos, down in Arizona. We went down there and we mined down21
 BEN? #1there for about 100 years! (laugh) I've already got 60 ! (laugh)SS: What kind of ore did you have down there?BX: It was Morrison Ore down there. It had vanadium in it. We shipped it into Shiprock. The VCA, after theVCA bought Kern McGee out at Shiprock--ss: Did you have to use Navajos down there?BX: Well, we had two Navajos hired part of the time, thenwe did most of the work ourselves. Then if we hiredany men they were supposed to be Navajos.SS: After--when you were mining down there, did you--were there any kind of special problems with mining on thereservation?BX: Oh you just, we just had lots of mining inspectors,we had the state and the tribe, and they really aren't too much of a problem. They weren't too strict or anything, they'd just come around. Weren't too bad.SS: Were there a lot of good mines in that area?BX: Yes, back on the Lukachuka, right in back of there.Kern McGee, they mined there for years and they hadlots of good mines.SS: And the one that you leased, did it have pretty goodore-body?BX: Ah, it was real spotty like the Morrison is, but we--22
 BEN? #1lots better in wages there most of the time. It turned out pretty good.SS: Uh huh. So, how long did you have your VCA lease down there?BX: SS:BX:SS: BX: SS:BX: SS:BX: ss: BX:Oh, year and a half probably.And then had you mined out the ore body where you were?Yes, we pretty well--we had some drill-holes runningright down there. Then we had a wagon drill and did some drilling ourselves and we pretty well mined all the ore we could find out.Then did you come back up to this country?Yeah, I come back up here and down to the Marquis. You've been in production for quite a long time, haven't you?About eleven years or something like that, ten years. At the Marquis, did you take a lease on it, or were you just--?No, I was just working for wages.Who was operating it then?Well, Galen Black, Jim Terrell and Russ Black. It was a mining company then.SS: Well, what other mines have you mined in this area? BX: Well, after I left the Marquis, I went to work for the Shumway brothers out in Cottonwood and I worked23
 BEN? #1out there for two and a half years. ---?---.SS:BX:How did those mines compare with other mines that you had worked in this area?Well, the first mine I worked in had a lot of waterin it, and it's the only mine I ever worked in where water was a problem. We had to pump water every morning and then we'd pump it into another part of the mine. We had to keep the pump going in there about continually to keep it pumped out of there. What mine was that?Well, it was the Spring-waters.Well-named. Did you have to use dynamite for all your blasting in there?Yes, we used strictly dynamite---?---Was that upper Cottonwood?No, it was lower Cottonwood. It's off [Highway] 95 about two or three miles.It's---?---Yes.And you worked for them for two and a half years. Did that one hold up that long or were there others?No, we mined it for probably six or seven months. Then we moved across the creek to the---?--- and the Royal Flush and stayed up there for another year and a half.SS: BX: SS:BX: SS: BX:SS: BX: SS:BX:24
 BEN? #1SS: What grade of ore were you getting out of the---?---BX:SS:B: SS: BX: SS:BX: SS:BX:and the Royal Flush?Oh, what we got out probably only averaged about 1200 uranium and 120 vanadium.And where was that sold, can you tell me?It was sold at--called the Uravan, Union Carbide. Were they getting government hauling fees on that? Yeah, the government was still paying the hauling. How long did the government haul appropriation---?--- on that land? Well---?---, but when did it end, do you remember?I don't remember when it was, about '57.Did you have any particular problems down in the--- ?--- or in the Royal Flush? Are they just single- channel mines?Well, they're just pockets more than anything. They' re j ust--well, I guess there is a channel in them, but it is a real wide one. They worked just around these pockets here and there and they do lots of drilling. They drill--it's only about 60 feet deep, the ore. The drilling is quite reasonable, they do lots of drilling, surface drilling and they hit these little pockets of ore and just drip out to them and mine them out. Then they drill some more and look for another.25
 BEN? #1SS:BX: SS:BX:ss: BX:ss:BX:SS:BX:ss:BX:SS: BX:Is the ---?--- operation quite a bit better than following a channel?It's probably about the same.After your sojourn with the Shumway mines, where did you go?Well, I went back to the Marquis. Then from the Marquis I came to the Happy Jack.And you've been here since that---?---?Yeah, I've been here for about two and a half years. Of course I was there before I---?---.And how did working here compare with some of the other places you've worked?Oh, they're all about the same, better ventilation here than most of them.Before you came to the Happy Jack did you work on Union--what you might call a clean-up operation, and is this different than original mining?Well, I worked on some over in Colorado, when I was working over there---?---How does that compare? Which would you rather mine, clean-up or original exploration and mining?I don't know. It's all about the same as near as I can see.Okay, fine, thank you very much.Y ou're welcome.26
 ROUND T ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1 ******************************************************XX: --had a hundred holes there and he started on one side. ---?--- wiggled the damn things and the cars started going off so he bailed off into the side hill there. Every time a shell would go off---?--- Just pick them up, lick them off and---?--- And another shell would go off. That's all he could remember--- ?---, every time a shell went off. He finally did crawl out of there in the smoke and dust.XX: About the whole thing blew up down there at Give- Away. All we got down there getting the Bonus out was just one real big room. It had a pretty good sized pillar in that room there. I guess it was a waste-- ?---, we didn't drill enough holes. It's too big to load up and haul out, so we were going to plaster and break it up a little better. We were just using Carbide lights down there. The front mine was prettygood, good enough to go in, plaster, and get back out of there. I had three shots; I got the first one lit okay. When I lit the second one it blew my light out.get out on the rail and go right on out. What I did was walk right around that pillar and come right back[Did you] get it going again?XX:XX: ----?---- told the man I don't mind going out. I'd27
 ROUND T A B L E D I S C U S S I O N # 1on top of that plaster. ---?--- around the pillar again and by the time I got around that pillar that person---?---.XX: ---?--- down at the Springwaters. ---?--- We were standing there watching him ---?---- water dripping off our face and on our hands and knees. We got them all in and we got about ten feet away. Then the shells started going off and we all had coveralls on and were getting really muddy. Shells just knocked us right down in the mud. We kept getting up and trying to get into the side drip. Then we finally all got into the side drip and I guess the mud and stuff was deep enough our shells and big rocks went over us. But the side drip---?---. Outside, I thought we were all dead or bleeding, or something. I don't know,we even had big bruises. If we had had enough clothes on---?--- The same thing happened, and there were dead not very far from there. ---?--- A lot of times I've seen them ---?--- when they had 25 ---?--- seldom over 5. One time when I was working for Shumway, we never used 6 foot---?---, if we used 7, they'd laugh at you. A lot of times a guy thatdoesn't like you---?---.XX: How long are those ---?--- seven or eight feet?¥IXX: Eight feet.28
 ROUND T ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1XX: Many times we laid over a hundred holes down there--SS:XX:XX: XX:-?----. Too nerve racking. You've got plenty of time as long as nothing's wrong. Get about half of them lit and try and get two feet.I hardly would think the ore you would have shot if you've got to have a hundred holes.In Utah ---?--- big enough to have the majesty's royal ball in there.----?---, 30 or 40 feet long and 8 feet high.We just keep slabbing out all around, just keep getting bigger and bigger. Eventually the base would just be concave; the middle would always go further than the sides. Eventually it would be just a big round room.It'd get so wide that eventually you couldn't get back up. You'd have---?---.If you've got good fans, about how big could you make it?I don't think that it'd count on your fans. Every mine is different, as far as that goes.At Sunrise over there they go about as wide as---?--Yeah.Isn't it at Sunrise where they---?---?XX:SS:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX: They've got pillars there but they aren't holding29
 ROUND TABLE DISCUSSION #1 nothing.XX:XX:XX: XX:XX:XX:XX: XX:[They] could take the pillars out and put in a 2-by-4 for a pillar.Actually, when you're in there it's a hundred feet wide any direction you want to go. There's not anything holding it up.There's no support.I donit think we ever had anything that---?---. We might have had something that wide down there, but if it was that wide it was narrow.How about Canyon 1? It's got some of the biggest--- ?--- I've ever seen in my life.Out at Cottonwood there's a great big tree area. There are some big rooms back there.Out at Cottonwood 1 or 2? Cottonwood 1?---?--- You can see all the stink hauled together back in there. They are mining three different levels in Cottonwood in some places. In some places the metals would come together and they'd have a massive log jam and it'd take up just a big area there.XX: High too. There are some places up there that are thirty feet high.XX: Yeah, there are. When I was working for old Shirley Nelson out there, there'd been a tree standing on end. I don't know how many times it'd been propped30
 ROUNDT ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1up. When we got up to it, there'd been a shelf or a bench shot up there or built up about 8 feet high. The last ones that'd worked off that bench, they gotall the way they could possibly get. So old Shirley, he puts me up on top of a SO-gallon drum, drilling off that thing to get what was left.---?---. Couldn't get up to the mine. We'd go and getsome 5-gallon cans---?--- get two 5-gallon cans and we'd go back in there and pick out this high grade-- -?---, carried it outside, worked there all day and put it outside of an old bin there. We covered it up with some tumbleweeds. We're going to get it one ofthese times. We noticed Shumway coming on---?---. We told him that Shumways had a lease on this, or Dan Shumway. We went and told---?--- we'd be over there and he said, ---?---. We never did get anything. I imagine we got quite a few hundred dollars worth of ore there, it was pure high-grade, there wasn't any low.XX:XX: Well, ---?--- I finished school up here. Jeanie was working in that same area there. He'd come out at night, smiling. Their equipment and everything would be there all set up. He was using their presser and everything. I went quite often around there at night.XX: It's actually where Jeanie got his start in life was 31
 ROUND TABLE DISCUSSION #1by going out there in---?--- and they'd let him use their equipment and---?--- and everything else.XX: On weekends and at night while they weren't working. XX: They all had families to support and Jeanie just had himself and he got his original start ---?--- goingout there and he started staking a claim---?---.X: ---?--- Jeanie would ---?--- $20 every time I'd get out with him. Sometimes we'd only stay three or four hours. I've earned $20 a hell of a lot harder than that way. And the regular miners, Shumway was onlypaying them, I think, $10, I think $12 a day. So what the regular miners were getting for a full shift, Jeanie was giving me every time that I'd go out with him. ---?--- two loads, two loads to ship out. It was real fine, just haul it outside and stack it separate and when you figured you had a load, get a truck out there and shovel it all back on there to the truck.XX: Trucks would haul about 6-8 tons. They'd go all the way from Cottonwood to Durango, Colorado with it, which was ---?--- They made more off their ore in those days. The truck drivers got more per ton, they could make more off a small load like that. So many of the guys can't handle a big truck and the miners are getting bonus on their ores. So many of the guyswere getting a higher uranium price and they made 32
 ROUND T ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1more on the small operations than we can now.XX: About from here to Houston, getting about $80 for a little load. Haul 8 tons from here to Monticello. Those big trucks'll haul 30 tons for what we used to haul 8.XX: ---?--- He used to get all this help together and get loaded so he'd get out of there. In fact, there were often times he probably loaded with half the number that was there.XX: Back in the early Cottonwood days, ---?---, they went to these horse and carts. They had a lot of different trails out around Cottonwood there and they'd have an old mine horse there. Horace Stevens, I'm glad heinvented a mine cart with rubber tires, it was really a revolutionary thing. The carts just have shafts in them and you back your horse into the shafts and harness him onto the cart. The mine horse, you had a light on the mine horse, old carbide light mine horse. Once you got him started in the morning, you could take him back into the place, hook him up to the car, take him outside once and dump him. After that he'd go in and out by himself to the same place every time. But a guy would have to follow him outside to tip the mine cart, to dump the ore into the bin. The horse couldn't do that himself, I guess.33
 ROUNDT ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1The horses actually liked it. On weekends a lot of times the miners would just turn the horses loose outin Cottonwood so they could graze out at Mill Creek. The horses would still come back to the drips there, it was built like a corral. Quite an interesting era there. This went on for quite a few years. Probably ten years before the ---?--- the first beastless buggies I know anything about. They just---?--- and had just a small diesel engine on it. It was quite afew years before all the guys got rid of their horses and their carts. There are still a few of them stacked around that area where ---?--- Cost about ten thousand dollars a piece.SS: I'm sorry. Was there ever any trouble getting the state to pass on the safety of using the beastless buggies?XX: Yeah. It was a real big hang-up.[END OF S I D E ONE]XX: Working real slow, and if you got near by ---?---, what it was going to do to your health and everything. Us guys went down to Arizona in 1960 with our piece of equipment. That was the first piece of diesel equipment to dig underground in Arizona. There34
 ROUND T ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1was a big hassle down there about it. Everything else was air-truck mining. Not only uranium mines but just any other mine down there. To keep your ventilation up, it's the only way to go.XX: Horse and cart---?---. It really did something when I graduated from that wheel-barrow to that horse and cart.XX: ---?--- $150 for on of those cars. [They're] really making the money on these, building them right and left. He went from just---?--- to having the horse haul it out. He'd go around and scrounge up these oldcar frames and take the axles out of them. Then he'd take the wheels and mold them together and have this fine old horse and cart. Really get with a lot of oil. They hauled a lot of oil---?---. About 90% of the holding along the creek out in Cottonwood till you get back to this big incline were hauled out by this horse and cart method. Have you been out to Cottonwood or any of these area?SS: No, I haven't.XX: Well, along the creek there---?--- and the VCA.XX: Jim ---?--- had a hard time coming out ofSpringwater.XX: My brother's working down at---?--- and in fact he[the horse] just started banging his head back there 35
 ROUNDT ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1and broke that Carbide light off. Some of them just go crazy underground. I guess just like humans, some people like it under there and some people get claustrophobia and---?---.How much ore could a horse pull out with a cart like that?A cart load will hold a ton, one ton. Some of the bigger ones, a ton and a quarter.Some of those Cottonwood holes are pretty small, aren't they?They make them just big enough to stand up in. Insome of them you have to use short horses. Some of them have quite steep inclines. These horses just go get right out of there. I can remember when the last mine horse got stuck.Did they lose many of them for whatever reason?About the biggest loss was when some guy, you'd pull up to your bin, then you'd back your horse up to your bin and you'd go back too far and the whole cart and horse would be stuck back in there ---?--- Your horse would be in there kicking, among the ore. ---?-it didn't hurt him, but it ruined your cart, and you had to keep hauling ore out of the mine. Stuck in the bin till it finally got built up enough to get the horse out. In there kicking and bellowing andSS:XX:SS:XX:SS: XX:36
 ROUND T ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1people keep dumping ore in there. The bin would hold probably 25, 30 ton, maybe some bigger bins, maybe50, I don't know.SS: I'd hate to be the one to lead him back to the light. XX: He probably wanted to get back into the 1ight. Hedidn't like those ---?---. Another thing, you know, the Cottonwood Mill out there was originally set up as a vanadium processing plant and the uranium was just a waste product and it was stacked out there. After the uranium came into use, a lot of the miners would steal that uranium away from the mill and the mill-owners. They were really being tricky about it. Nobody ever knew about it. But the ore would show up and it had the acid content. [They'd] process it and they could tell. Eventually that dump was cleaned up this year by the rightful owners. So the bin had practically been broomswept over there and Cottonwood ---?---. At the very last they gave the final clean up to the church there, ---?---.XX: ---?--- about that far and it's solid rock. Old---?- -- said there was a big tank down there and the tank was leaking high grade down on that slab. It was a little bit. They thought it was all hollow under there. It turned out there was one 1ittle cornerhollow and the rest was solid rock. 37
 ROUND XX:XX:XX:XX: XX: XX:T ABLE D I S C U S S I O N # 1---?--- come into this country and ---?--- the Cottonwood M ill---?---What you've got to do is get you a fifth and go down in there.---?--- college graduate, olympic swimmer and everything else.Played football for UCLA.Played professional baseball, too.He's really a good swimmer, too, and a really great guy. He laughs quite a bit because he'd make a lot of money and he's had to move around. This way of life has got a pretty good hold on him, and he'd gone from[being] quite a wealthy man. He's working for wages now, about whatever job he can take. Even though he does have a uranium claim and property, they're not producers.----?---Yesterday, he said he's just tied up. ---?---, just bound up. Once you get it started in the court, nobody's got the money to proceed with the court, the proceedings there. ---?---.[END OF T APE]XX: XX:38