 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK Spokane, W ashington Tape No. 67An interview by Nancy Hunsaker August 12, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground. . . .The Midnight Mine.Uranium Mining in theSilver Buckle Mining Company. . . . . 5 Uranium Mining in the Spokane Area . . 7 Problems of Indian Miners . . . 8 Experience in Uranium Industry.......... . 9 Prospecting on the Spokane Indian Reservation 11 Lebret Brothers' Mill . . . . . . 13SpokaneArea . . 311
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK OFTHE UNITED ST A TES BUREAU OF MINES FOR THEORAL THE 2 2 2 8 : 4 5HISTORY PROJECT . [THE INTERVIEWER I S ]I N T E R V I E W TOOK P L A CE I N MR. Z O L D A K ' SM I S S I O N , SPOKANE, W ASHINGTON ON AUGUST 1 2 , 1 9 7 0 A TI N THE MORNING.Okay, you want to start with a little about yourself? You don't want my life history, do you?Oh certainly, Mr. Zoldak.NH:SZ:NH:SZ: Well, I went to the Philippines in '35; came back in1941. And then I worked for some private mining companies, and in 1953 I came to work for the Bureau of Mines. That's about the size of it.NH: Then you were here in '54.SZ: I was here when the discoveries were made up there,and like I say, of course, nobody was too familiar with uranium up in the Northwest at that time, and it didn't look too good to me, and I didn't say so. I thought that the prospecting wouldn't amount to anything. Of course, as they bulldozed off the overburden, why, they happened to discover a substantial ore body running about .2 or .25 uranium oxide. And that's about the story. Kennecott--or Newmont owns the Dawn Mining Company. Well, Dawn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newmont and they own 51 percent of the deposit, and Midnight Mines owns 49percent of that.NH: Midnight Mines was the one that was formed by theURANIUM INDUSTR Y NANCY HUNSAKER.O F F I C E A T WEST
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK # 1LeBret Brothers, wasn't it?SZ: That's correct?NH: Who else was in that? Were they mainly--SZ: It was mostly a deal with relatives, they're allrelatives. Clare Wynnecock(?) who I think was in--- ?---he was related somehow to the LeBrets. I mean they're all related, they're all part Indian, of course some of them are blond, some of them are redheaded too. You can't tell that they have any Indian blood in them. Some of them are a little bit on the dark side. But it is a stock company. The mine has been shut down for a number of years, but it started up this year again sometime. I think that I will try to make arrangements for you to talk to with John LeBret. He's an awful nice fellow and he could fill you in on the entire history of this place and probably he could arrange a trip for you to the mine and the mill.NH: That would be wonderful. The Newmont Mining Company, is that a mining company--SZ: Oh, they're worldwide organization. They have mines all over the world. Of course this Dawn Mining Company that they organized is a wholly owned subsidiary using it for tax purposes.NH: In what formation was the uranium? What type of ore 2
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK # 1 was found there?SZ:NH:SZ:I've never been able to pronounce it. It's t-y-u-y-a- m-u-n-i-t-e, orsomething like that. It was first discovered in Russia. It has a Russian name.And then how did that differ from the ore that found around Mount Spokane?Well, the ore at Mount Spokane was autunite. It's a different geological environment. Probably leaked from overlying formations and then is deposited in the fissures. It's a surficial ore, what they call, it just keep reaching down and precipitating at the water table. And it's extremely high grade, but there's is very little of it.For a while there there was a great deal of activity after the initial discovery in 1954.There was. There was a lot of activity up there, but nothing else was discovered.Then when did they build the mill, was that about 1966?Oh, I couldn't tell you the exact date they built themill. I'm pretty sure John LeBret could fill you in on all these details because he keeps his finger on this all the time, having a substantial financial interest in it.And then it more or less went down due to the--NH:SZ:NH:SZ:NH:3
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK #1sz: They had fulfilled their government contract and foryellow cake, and my understanding is that they are supplying the General Electric company with yellow cake for their thermoelectric plans.NH: Then it just started up again within the last year. SZ: It started up this year some time. Either last fallor early this year sometime.NH: And that's all the uranium activity that there is inthis area now?SZ: That's all. There's another deposit on the south endof the--I think it's about southwest of the Midnight Mine. It was discovered by the Northwest Uranium Company, and it is one of these, oh, leeching and--- ?--- enrichment(?). You see, we drilled it, the Bureau of Mines drilled it a number of years ago. And it is was operated by Silver Buckle Mining Company, and they had quite a bit of money and they sank theirmoney into some sort of a promotional---?--- deal, and they went broke. Now Western Nuclear picked up this property and diamond drilled it a little deeper than we had, and I understand they have found some substantial quantities of ore. What grade, I don't know. But I imagine it must be much lower than that of the Midnight Mine. They had plans to build a mill there, but with the tight money situation, the way it4
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK # 1is now, why, they just let it glide. Western Nuclear is a rather large mining company.NH: Were they on the Colorado Plateau originally and then came up into this area?SZ: I think they probably were. They were in uranium somewhere else, and then I'm not positive, but I think Western Nuclear is probably a subsidiary of some of other mining company. Excuse me. [Telephone Interruption] --uranium mine up in Alaska in the panhandle of Alaska somewhere, and they are shipping the ore down to the Midnight--Dawn Mill down here. Of course, that ore body they have up there is rather small.NH: SZ: NH: SZ:The one in Alaska?The one in Alaska, yes.Did Newmont put the mill in?Newmont put the mill in, yes. I think that mill cost around 3.5 million dollars. That was way beyond the ability of any of these people around here to raise that kind of money, so they had to get outside financing.Before they had to send the ore to Salt Lake City, didn't they?NH:sz: They never shipped any to Salt Lake. They never shipped any ore. That property was essentially5
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK # 1drilled out and had substantial reserves, and that was fact enough to justify a mill. So they never shipped any to Salt Lake.They sent one shipment down there, was that just to get the analysis on it?They might have sent one for metallurgical testing, probably that was the only reason.Then they just mined it and stockpiled it?They were mining and stockpiling; that's why they built the mill. There's another man here, Bob Hunthouseman(?) who worked for the bureau; he had always been connected with that. He could probablyfill you in on some of the details that maybe John LeBret can't. I don't know where Bob is, he lives in Hazel Lake, I don't know where he has a place in town or not.NH: Hazel Lake is north of town, isn't it?sz: It's in Idaho.NH: Oh, heaven's sake.SZ: Idaho. Well, I'11 try to arrange a trip up to themine and mill with John LeBret. I know John quitewell and I'm pretty sure he can do something for you. NH: After the mill was in operation, did it handle anyother ore besides the ore from the Midnight Mine?SZ: Not to my knowledge. The only ore it handled that'sNH:sz:NH: SZ:6
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK #1not from here is that that's shipped in from the Alaska panhandle?NH: So any of the other ore that was mined by other people in this area--I wonder what they did with it.SZ: Well, the only other ore that was mined was on a small property on Mount Spokane, I can't recall the name of it right now.NH: The Daybreak Mine?SZ: The Daybreak. And it was specimen ore. I believe theyshipped their ore out of state. I've seen ore from the Daybreak that's five or six inches thick, called it autunite, but there wasn't very much of it.NH: What there any other type of uranium-bearing ore found around here?SZ: Not to my knowledge. Bob used to have quite a few figures on that.NH: Is he retired?sz: No, Bob worked here in this office and he guidedthese Indians, made contacts for them and stuff like that. And he was in on part of the action for what he did for them. He did all right. There was no obligation for them to do that.NH: What problems did they run up against? The Indians, I mean, as far as getting their backing and all.sz: Well, if you ever tried to promote a mine, you would 7
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK #1know. If they had no contact--! understand they made a living fishing for squawfish, or what do you call them junkfish or whatever they call them up here, squawfish, suckers and stuff like that for meat farmers, and they were---?--- them at the mouth of the Spokane River. And they had no contact with mining and financial people. And, of course, all the time we get geologists from the very large mining companies visiting this office asking if we know of any lead property, or any zinc, copper, stuff like th a t; and i f you do, l e t us know. A ll th a t information is available to anyone who asks for it.And Bob knew about these people, about Newmont. In fact, I know quite a number of mining companies that own various properties; some cut out and some don't.And they liked what they saw, so they made a deal. And like I say after this deal was made, why, the Indians gave Bob part of the action for his services. There was no obligation to because that was part of his job and part of mine. A knowledgeable promoter probably wouldn't have done it. Just out of the kindness of their heart they did that.NH: W ell, he had helped them.sz: Well, he helped a lot of mining companies. If themining companies mine the property, and they turned 8
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK #1out, you know, we're government employees. They pay taxes and pay our salaries, so I mean it's something we do all the time. But nobody has even given me afifth of whiskey or anything like that.NH: Have you always been in the Spokane office, or haveyou traveled around to other places?SZ: I was in the Salt Lake City office for a year. I wentto school in Berkeley, and I went to work for the bureau originally in 1942. And they were expanding the bureau during the war, and they wanted to transfer me back to the San Francisco office. But I had spent quite a number of years at Berkeley and in that area, and I wasn't too anxious to go back. I had never worked in the Northwest, so I had a choice and I came to the Northwest. I don't regret it.NH: Beautiful country, isn't it?sz: I like it up here. You say you are from Salt Lake? NH: No, we're from Anaheim.sz: Oh, Anaheim. You mentioned the University of Utah. NH: The University of Utah and Cal State at Fullerton,the two schools jointly are sponsoring this research project. Dr. Shumway had gone to Brigham Young, and he has been associated with the University of Utah. He knows the people up there and--sz: The University of Utah isn't the same as Brigham 9
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK #1 Y oung?NH:sz:NH:sz:No, Brigham Young is in Provo, and the University of Utah is in Salt Lake.I'm thinking of sending my daughter down to Provo, she's in love with the---?--- and the guitar.Well, it's beautiful country down there. Of course, you were down there too.I like it down there. I spent a year on a project in southern Utah out at Enterprise. And I remember spending the Fourth of July in Cedar City in 1942, it was a 120 degrees out there. Oh, it was terribly hot. You couldn't even go out in the sun, your bones would ache.Dr. Shumway is from Blanding--his family.I've been through Blanding.He's done quite a bit around in that area.When I got to the Southwest--in the Philippines it rains almost continually.That's quite a change.And down there it didn't rain, and I thought this is the country for me. I'll never leave the Southwest. I don't think we had a cloudy sky the entire time I've spent there. It was hot. So I was glad to get to the Northwest.NH: sz: NH: SZ:NH: SZ:NH: Now do you have a lot of rain--you don't at this end 10
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK #1of the state, do you?SZ:No we don't get too much. We get an average of sixteeen to eighteen inches of rain a year. Mostly it snows during the wintertime, rains very little in the summer up here. I like the seasons we have up here. We have four seasons.You have the distinct change from one to the other. What is it like out on the Spokane Indian Reservation? Is that more towards the desert area of the state?No, you could class this part of the country as semi- arid. And mostly rolling hills, pine-covered hills, mostly what you saw coming up through here.We came in through Coeur d'A lene.Well, it's a little drier than Coeur d'Alene.But I have been out around the Columbia River and Moses Lake, and it seemed very dry out there.It's something like that Moses Lake area except there's quite a bit of forest up here, it's a littlewetter than the Moses Lake area.How did they keep the people off the reservation--the people who were not part of the Indian tribe off the reservation?NH:SZ:NH: sz: NH:sz:NH:sz: You would have to have a prospecting permit to prospect on the reservation.11
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK #1NH: Were they the ones that would--or was it the Bureauof Indians that would give that out?sz: The Bureau of Indian Affairs--! think they, no, Ithink the Indian Council that would give those out. I believe the Bureau of Indian Affairs had to approve it. But at the time the uranium started I don't think they had any regulations on that. And of course this was discovered by Indians and most of them being members of the council, why, they didn't have any difficulty in that respect. You have to have a prospector's permit; then you have to be approved by the Bureau of Indian affairs; then I believe it would go up for bid or something like that.NH: I know in one map that I was looking at it had prospecting--well, claims circling the north and east section of the reservation.sz: Well, see, there had any mining claims on the reservation prior to the establishment of the reservation, and those claims are still valid. Not all of them. The Bureau of Land Management has invalidated a lot of those claims for lack ofdiscovery. But there are some that are still good and that are held by old-time prospectors that are not Indians. And those are claims which were located prior to the establishment of the reservation and are12
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK # 1still valid mining claims. There are still quite a few of them up there.NH: When was the reservation up there established?SZ: I couldn't tell you that. I couldn't tell you that. NH: I'd have to ask the--SZ: Mr. Lebret could fill you in on those details. It'sNH: SZ: NH:SZ:NH:SZ: NH: SZ:too bad we didn't call a 1ittle earlier. John has just left for--I was planning on being here at 8:30.He just left the house a few minutes before I called. How long does it take to get out there? Do you have any idea?I'll say it takes an hour to and hour and a half to get there.Is it paved all the way out there, or is it part dirt road?It's part dirt.I know on the map it shows--It's quite a scenic down around the Spokane River to get out there. There's a big canyon t~ go through. It's very nice. I've been out there a couple oftimes.NH: And is the mill on the reservation or just off thereservation?SZ: The mill is on the reservation. ---?---13
 STEPHEN W. ZOLDAK #1NH: sz:Is Ford on the reservation, the town of Ford?I'm not sure, I'm not positive about that point. Of course, there isn't much of a town there, just a few houses. Oh, it's probably grown a little in the last two or three years. When I was up there, there was about four or five houses.Were the LeBret brothers living in town before they made the--No, they were living down on the reservation. They discovered it, but Clare Wynnecock(?), he was an engineer too, but he wasn't living on the reservation. He had a lumber business. I had known Clare quite well too. He was a real hot shot. He sold real silk hosiery during the depression and made quite a bit of money. Now if you've ever sold real silk hosiery, people who sell stuff like that door to door, it's pretty rough. I think Clare was a realNH:SZ:promoter. He was a real go-getter.NH: Was he the president of the Dawn Mining Company atone time? SZ: Midnight. NH: Midnight.sz: Dawn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newmont. There was a Wynnecock ---?--- at the gunclub that I knew. He's a blond. His name was Dell Wynnecock(?), and I14
 S T E P H E N W. ZOLDAK # 1think he's Clare's son, I've never asked him. And he's blond, and I don't seen how he could claim anyNH: SZ: NH: SZ:NH: SZ:Indian right.Did they have any other source of income?On the reservation?On the reservation.Ranching, ---?--- raising, lumbering, that's about all.I thank you very much for helping me.I don't know when John will call, and it may be late or may be the next few minutes. It's hard to say. Now Mrs. LeBret called the mill. John is on his way to the mill. She called the mill, and left a message for John to call me here, so I don't know. She said he might not even go to the mill. He might go to a little silver mine they have called the ---?--- I don't know. I could--[END OF INTERVIEW]15