 DEAN SHUMWAY Provo, Utah Tape No. 71An interview by Gary L. Shumway August 9, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsLife's Involvement in Uranium Industry. 1 His Father's Experiences on the Reservation . . 10Recollections of the Boom.Personal Experiences During the Boom. 4924
 "This is an interview of Dean Shumway, by Gary Shumway, on August 9, 1970, at Eliza Snow Hall, Brigham Young University.GS: Dean, your whole life, up until the last year or so has beenspent in one way or another involved in the uranium industry. Would you trace your life's involvement in the industry startingfrom your childhood. Tell a little of your childhood, your education, etc., and trace your experience in the uranium industry.DS: Well, I was born and raised in the uranium industry. My father and his three brothers were the first ones to ever do any prospecting for uranium way back in the early '30 1 s and as a result I grew up knowing the uranium business from childhood.:t,1y dad used to mine and we used to go out and help him in the mines and ride with him on the trucks as he used to haul theore over to Uravan and Naturita and all around; wherever they could sell it. And so as a result, why, this was what I was going to do, was be a uranium miner and I attended school inSan Juan County and elementary school in Blanding and then at San Juan High School and then I've got a couple years in here atB.Y.U. But being strictly involved in the uranium business all my life it was natural for me to do a lot of it. I don't know how much more you want than that.GS: What can you remember about, in tracing it through, what can you remember about those early days as you and I went with our dads out there to the mines there in Cottonwood. Trace some of this that you can remember, the vivid recollections of your earliest
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 2 experiences.DS: I remember one thing that I was talking about the other night.On the way to Cottonwood there's a creek that they call West Water and it's where the Indians lived, and there was alwaysa bunch of dogs; the Indians always had thousands of dogs, and every morning when we would go to work why the dogs would come out and chase the pickups and stuff. I remember one time they was chasing the pickup, I don't remember the person who was driving, whether it was Uncle Harris or who it was, opened the door of the pickup and it caught the dog and the dog went rolling down the highway. Went yelping off and we never did see thatdog again.GS: I remember that too. Do you remember riding in the back ofyour dad's old, what was it, '39 Ford was it, or?DS: It was something like that. He had,~~-' well you know, weused to go .in the pickups all the time and us kids always usedto ride in back, and the roads were so wide and so crooked everybody always used to get sick but me. By the time we'd get out there, why. As a matter of fact we took a dog outthere once we had a dog named Woofus I can't even rememberhis name and, we took the dog out one time and got him out there, and after he got out of the pickup why he was so sick he couldn't hardly stand up or anything. And Dad had a lot of mines out inMontezuma Creek and Montezuma is really a deep canyon; I don't know what is it, a thousand feet from bootom to top?
 INTERVIEW: Shumway Pag e 3 And he had this old, well it was a new '40 Ford truck, what wecall an FlOO now. It hauled about five tons of ore and thatwas a big truck in those days. And the roads were so narrow that you could just barely get a pickup around on them and he'ddrive his truck around on them. I remember he had to turn around,there was this one place where he had to hand muck all the ore into the truck and everything. And he'd get the truck loadedand then he'd have to turn around on this little narrow road, and we'd be sitting in the driver's seat and couldn't see over the front because we were so small and he'd drive right up next to the cliff and you'd just swear we were going to go off and I always used to tell myself my dad's really a good driver soI don't have to be afraid and I'd be sitting there shaking inmy boots. I remember Uncle Harris always, they, I remember one of the first thing~ about Montezuma Creek was single jacking.And then I remember another time they got a jack hammer butwith no leg or anything on it, and Uncle Harris at noontime would get so tired that he'd take about five minutes to eat and then he'd lay and sleep for about an hour and a half and then get up, and everything was so hard work. I mean, now it's all done with equipment and everything and in those days why they just hadthe hammer.GS: Did they even have any water, drilling with water, or was it justan air. ...?
 INTERVIEW: Shumway Page 4 DS: Just with an air.GS: No water at all?DS: lfu, llli. No water at all.GS: That may be part of Uncle Harris' problems now with his lungs. DS: Yeah, it is, yeah. Dad's got miner's lungs too a little bit.But they, people nowdays just don't work like those men did.They just used to еее They used to go in with this jackhannner and hold it up and Dad would help him hold it and he would hold,it. Uncle Harris, he was a big man, he was really strong and what'd he weigh about 200 pounds or so? And he was about 6'2" which was real big in those days, and he used to hold that jack leg up there, or that jack hannner up and drill, drillabout nine or ten holes and then they'd shoot it and they'dget maybe 15, 20 tons out and then they'd hand muck it into a wheelbarrow and run it outside and then dump it on the ground and then bring the truck by. And Dad used to, Uncle Harris'd usually go out in his pickup and they'd usually get a load out, oh somewhere along about two or three o'clock in the afternoonand then they'd load it,into the truck and Dad would get in the truck and go to Naturita or Uravan or wherever they were going and then take the load and come back, and then first thing thenext morning, he wouldn't get home until nine ten, eleven o'clock. And then early the next morning they'd be back at it again.Just work, my dad can still out work me. But oh, there waslots of, it used to be the big thing in our family, I got five
 INTERVIEW: Shumway Pag e 5 brothers, or four brothers and two sisters and it used to always be the big fight in the family--who's going to go with Dad onthe ore truck. And there was just numerous stories of goingout to Uravan; always used to stop in this one grocery store and get something to eat if Dad had any money. One of us kids was crying because we wanted something to eat.DS: What do you remember Uravan being like? Do you remember the town at all?, Or Naturita?DS: Yeah. Just vaguely. I remember we used to go over an old rickety bridge to get over to the mill. Boy that was a long time ago wasn't it? I haven't thought of that place for a long time.GS: Do you remember Aunt Hattie's Cafe in Naturita?DS: Yeah. Just on the right hand side of the road as you go in Ithink, if I remember right, isn't it? GS: I believe so.DS: We didn't usually stop at the cafes because that cost too much money. We'd always stop at the grocery stores and get some bananas and some cookies and something like that.GS: A can of pork and beans.DS: A can of pork and beans or something and then go on from there.We was always, in the summer that's all we ever did. I remember one time we went down to White Canyon--this was right whenWhite Canyon first started to open up about '51 or '52 somewhere along in there--and we had to, they had the old road up over the Yukka and the road down into White Canyon was just, oh, it was
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 6 nothing but .a wagon trail. And Dad used to drive that big old truck or the big truck in those days, down in there and stay a week at a time and never come out until at least a;week was up and sometimes they'd stay two or three. And Dale Shumway and Rex and I used to go down and stay with them. One morning I woke up and had a great big long centipede in my bed, orscorpio I mean. Great big scorpion in my bed with me. Dadsaid well you sure got a funny sleeping mate. I didn't realize until years later that they ar_e.really as dangerous as what they are.GS: Boy they're dangerous.DS: And then we always used to have a little, there was a littletiny fox, a baby fox; oh it wasn't actually a baby, but every night he'd come over after supper and we'd throw food out to him and he'd eat the food. And we was just a million miles fromno place. I mean you were just completely alonсe. We'd goweeks and never see anybody except for we'd take the ore down, clear down to Hite and you know I got, maybe I shouldn't say this now. I got thinking about that kid that you and I rodedown there one time withGS: Yeah, you need that with those roads. Remember we'd be goingalong and he'd see a bump coming and what, how many tires didwe blow out?DS: Oh I don't know.GS: That one night going out there I think we е е е
 INTERVIEW: Shwnway P a g e 7 DS: I think we blew out two or three of them. We was really luckyto make it. It was a really bad road. Dad used to take a load down there almost everyday. There used to be millions of ground, I call them ground squirrels, I guess that's what they are.GS: Those little short tailed chipmunk-like things.DS: Chipmunks, uh huh. There used to be just millions of them. Iremember we'd stop every now and then to rest because it was such a long hot trip. It gets about a hundred and ten in the shade down there. And oh it was hot and we'd stop once in awhile and there'd just be millions of these little ground squirrels running all over down there. It was really--in Hite.we,used to go down there and we'd go in the Hite, the Colorado River runs right by Hite еееGS: You wouldn't go across to Hite though would you? You'd stay at the mill on this side, right?DS: Yeah.GS: Where the canyon, where the town of White Canyon grew up.DS: Yeah it was actually, it was White Canyon instead of Hite. Wecalled it Hite. Yeah, actually Rite's on the other side. Dad and those guys used to go across and we used to have pottery bowls and go across and trade them to get across on the ferry.GS: Do you mean you'd trade a pottery bowl to get across.DS: Oh yeah. I remember for years we used to have bushel, gunneysacks full of pottery bowls around our house. And they were
 INTERVIEW: Shumway Page 8 worth; the guy at Hite would give them equivalent of fivedollars and they'd just trade them and they used to go prospecting down there really a lot. And they'd always take a gunney sackfull of pottery bowls with them. And they'd go across to Hite and trade a pottery bowl to go over and a pottery bowl to come back. Dad, he used to really dig a lot of pottery bowls for the University of Utah. But that's some of my early recollections of being real young with the mining business. Of course I started working in the mines when, oh gads, I guess I wasabout 12 when I first started helping Dad and then I went fulltime when I was 15 for Merlin Burdette.GS: Were you 15 then?DS: Yeah. About 15 I went out there. Fourteen or fifteen. WellI think it was the year I was a freshman; just got out of freshman in high school. When we went out there and worked full time. Bob Payne and I .GS: Before we get to that part we shouldn't pass that up, did you ever go prospecting with your dad when you were very young?DS: Oh yeah. I can remember going down into White Canyon and walking around; I kind of even think I was with him, or we went back right after they staked the WInn and the Happy Jack. Iremember also of going a lot down in the south end of MontezumaCreek and they'd staked all the good country in Montezuma Creek on the upper part, but there was always a little of bit interest down in the south end there and we used to go down and walk
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 9 those cliffs a little bit. But when we used to go prospecting usually it was so long and so tiring that he wouldn't take, take us. Usually if he was going to take us he wasn't going to; he'd leave late in the morning and wasn't going to go too far from town, because most of us were still quite small at that timewhen ... Of course when we got older, what were we 12 or so when we used to do our own staking. We went, when Rex and I had that contract with Grant and those guys and went out on Montezuma Creek, or Mustang and staked all those claims. We weren'tvery old; I don't remember how old we were. ,GS: That was in '54 and '55.DS: Was it that late?GS: Yeah. As a matter of fact, I think it was in the fall of '54. DS: Oh was it when we did that?GS: Uh huh.DS: I didn't think it was that late but I guess it musta been.GS: There wasn't any demand for our kind of placer claims, you know,till right then.DS: Yeah, that's true, isn't it. Yeah it must have been. Well,we must have been about 16 then weren't we?GS: Yeah, I think so. Sixteen, Fifteen. Well, 16 just going on 17I guess I was. I was a little bit older than you. Did you ever, did you ever stake any claims with your dad that actually hadore on them?
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 1 0 DS: Yeah, I don't remember where it was but I can see it. Well,of course I did the Wright's claims. But that was years later.But I remember some place and I don't remember where it was atbut I can almost describe the whole countryside to you. But Idon't remember how we got there; I don't remember leaving oranything. But I remember we dug into a big tree, and I rememberDad putting up a monument and writing his name, and you couldn'thardly read it. But really, I do remember one other thing aboutit though. I remember that it really looked good but years later it just proved out that all there was was a great big tree there and there really wasn't anything else there.GS:Wasitinthetreekindofformationof   Basin?DS: No, it was in the, in the еееGS: Salt wash.DS: I think it was in the salt wash. I'm not really too positive aboutthat. I remember that we were, Dad was kind of excited about it because he was telling me about it from Montezuma how they started with just a big tree like that and it opened up into great bigrooms and everything, and with this one why it didn't pan out that way. But I remember he was kind of excited about it, as excited as Dad ever does get, which isn't too excited. But I was quite excitedabout it to think that we had a new discovery there and everything.I was quite young. But other than that I don't really remember anyof his prospecting trips as far as finding anything like that otherthan the Rex claims. Of course that was, I was quite old when he did that.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 1 1 GS: What, do you r emember anythi ng about his , him working on thereservation?DS: Well, of course, I've heard so many stories on it, you know. Youget to where you kind of think you might remember things but itmight just be stories too.GS: What stories have you heard about his experiences?DS: Oh, gee! See, they started Monument Valley Number Two, MonumentNumber Two I guess it is. And there is just, I mean it was one of the richest, I guess has been classified as the richest hasn't it, deposit of uranium that's ever to be found? Per total еее I mean, of course nobody knows for sure. This is what the old timers claim about Monument Number Two because there was, the ore was so thick andhigh grade, they used to go down there and high grade it and they'd get tons and tons a day of ore that was better than 10 percent. And it was just, he talked about going down there and laying all over the ground was just yellow dust, uranium dust. I guess it was just so high grade, that was one reason they got it taken away from them. They had a lease on it from VCA, but VGA could see what was thereafter they got working it for a few months and ended up kicking them out. Of course this was VCA11s policy. Get a guy to develop and then kick him out. But they, they there's something that was real interesting which if you interviewd Cleon Shumway you mighthave got that or maybe Dad would've told youеее They had a mine right over the top of the Goulding's Trading Post right on top of
  INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 12 that thing there, and there was just a trail up there and they packed everything up there and then they built and they got, oh about a mile of cable and built them a little bucket and they'd, they had a little motor down to the bottom, and they used to run this bucket up there and then pick it out of the wall and put itin this bucket and then run it down and then dump it on this sand and then, on of course they were really only interested in anything over one percent. And after that time why somebody else went up and mined a lot of good ore up there that wasn't that high a grade.But they, this was their type of mining. They mined there for quite a long time, and Dad tells the story about, they had this longcable going up there and one time before they caught him, why Cleon got on this bucket and rode down to the bottom. And two dayslater that cable broke and strung out all across Monument Valley there, because it was strung, well that cliff is about 1,500 feet straight up and down and they had to put it on enough of an angle so that you can imagine the distance that was there. And he says the bucket and the machine and everything almost was disintegratedby the time it hit the bottom with the ~remendous force it had. And he always used to think if Cleon had been on there that would have been the end of him. So I remember that very, that isn't alittle bit, you know. I remember us being there, but I really don't remember too much about it, but I've heard so many stories about it.GS: Why did your dad and Uncle Harris give up the VCA contract for Monument Valley Number Two. Specifically, what was the exact
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 13 DS: Well, the way I understand it it was the big guys from the VCAcome down there and they was mining all this 10 percent and 20с percent and 30 percent stuff out of there, and they were just making money hand over fist and they'd got a road in there and it was easy forthem to get in there and this was about the time that uraniumstarted coming in, too. And VCA told them that, there, I don't know remember what part of the, but their contracts were where they could give them notice anytime and have them get out and they gave them notice. I think they had 30 day notice. And they got out. And,so, in that 30 days I remember they really hit it and really got out a lot of good ore. But of course the, Dad claims that Monument Number Two is even a lot better than Steen's mine. There has been, and well, I believe it too, because as long as I can remember up until what, 1964, '65, somewhere along there. There's always been from the little two ton trucks clear up to the big deisel rigs, there's always been four or five a day come out of there. Isuppose they've mined a hundred tons a day there for oh, 15, 20 years. And it was not the type of mine that was low grade either. I remember once Dad and Denny Val were talking, I think it was Denny Val, one of those guys anyway, were talking about and he was saying that they have truckloads. Well I know they always used to tarp all their trucks and I never did know why and he says that they'd have truckloads after truckloads from five to 15 percent, that just a pound or two they'd be losing all kinds of money. Andthey even got to where they would wet it before they left the mine
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 1 4 because it was so valuable to them. And they even had Indians goingaround, I remember seeing this, Indians going around with brooms.Of course in those days they could get Indians for next to nothing and they just had thousands of Indians around there, and they'dhave Indians go around with brooms sweeping up the dust. But itwas really a good mine, and they recognized it and that's the reason they got Dad and them out of there.GS: But your Dad and Uncle Harris never did get much for their mining there did they?DS: No, they didn't. No the, I think they were getting a dollar a pound if I remember right and of course VGA, the story is always about VCA's, didn't matter what your ore run, they made it run whatever they wanted it to. And Dad always claimed he knew it was really good stuff and they'd send him fifty hundredths and one percent and I don't remember where the breaking point on it waswhere they didn't have to pay for it, but it was always just enough above that where they'd have pay for it but not enough it was еее And so that was kind of the problem with that too.GS: Were they getting paid for the uranium or just the vanadium content in it?DS: No, they were getting paid for the uranium everything above I think it was one percent, if I remember right. They were getting a dollar a pound for everything above one percent and then thevanadium too. That was something else that made that mine so
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 15 valuable, was the vanadium in it. Of course, it was really a big mine.GS: How did your dad feel about this in later years, having had the lease at one time? Do you ever hear any comments?DS: Oh yeah. Of course Dad, he had, he owned the Happy Jack for awhile. He had Charlie Steen's mine staked for awhile. So you know with him, he's not that money hungry along as he's got enough to keep going on. He would have liked to have kept it I know. But he, their deal was, I remember a lot of the other guys, well, likeyour brother like, DeVon and those guys were always getting leases from VCA. Dad always stayed clear of them because they were just, they were really crooked. I mean there was no two ways about it.At least that was the assumption anyway, and they had pulled some real shady deals.GS: Can you think of any other examples of this kind of еее ?DS: Oh yeah. I remember out in Cottonwood one time, I think it was Gibb, had broke into this great big body of ore. I remember, Iremember seeing it and of course, I was quite young at the time and this stuff really doesn't make much of an impression. But I remember walking in there one time and they'd just broke into thisgreat big room, and I remember hearing just about a month later that he was, that they were looking for a place to go mining, and I remember Dad telling me that the VCA had kicked them out because they had opened it up so the VCA could go in there and make somemoney out of it. And that's what they used to do. They'd get
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 16 guys to go in and develop it to where they could afford to hireall their equipment and the miners and everything and go into mine it and kick these other guys out. And it was really kind of a known fact that if you had a VCA lease that if you ever got to where you was making money they'd kick you out, because they wanted it for themselves, and, so, that's one reason Dad stayed clear of them, because I remember somewhere in Colorado one time he was offered supposedly a real good mine, and I remember him making a comment then, even if I take it it wouldn't do me any good, because what if I got out there making money on it and why they'd just kick me out again anyway. So he stayed clear of them pretty much.GS: DS: GS: DS: GS: DS:And then he got pretty well involved in White Canyon. Yeah.Are you aware of this еее ?Yeah.The nature of the contract?Well, they were mining their own claims there though but they wereshipping to VGA and here again they ended up beating them. What they would do, is they would, and I don't know if you canreallyblame VCA or anything, but Dad did. They had this real good mine there at White Canyon, White Canyon Numer One if anybody's familiar with that. The was another real big mine he had which ended up getting beat out of you know, your dad too. But they'd take the ore down to the, down to White Canyon, down to the milland they'd dump it out in the sand and then VGA would have other
 INTERVIEW: Shumway Pag e 17 guys dump all around them and everything and Dad and them werevery careful in their mining. I mean I used to do this for him, both Rex and I really alot. We'd stand and he would show us; wegot to where we could tell what was ore and what was muck, and he would stand there with us and we would throw the muck pieces outand keep just the ore. And in my later life of mining I know that that ore would have to have been just about the best stuff going because later on why we'd, I'd mine as high as 80, 90 percent or80, 90 hundreths just shooting everything in with it and shippingit that way. And the way Dad and those hand sorted everything and handpicked everything, I know it was really good ore. And I remember some of the assays that they'd get down there would be around 40, 50 hundredths. I remember one assay that was around 50 hundreths, one that sticks in my mind. And Dad was really upsetat it because this was just barely when they was starting to get paid for uranium, because there wasn't any vanadium; there was a little vanadium in it but not anything that they'd get paid on. AndDad, I remember though it should be way over one percent which I think it was. But he claims that they would go down there and mix all this sand and stuff in with it and he even claims that they'd take his ore and their own ore; they were mining their own minesdown there, and theс way they mined it and then sending up his assay for their ore and that's how they ended up beating him that way. And they ended up suing them there once. And they had ore
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 18 sitting down there for several years. I don't remember how long it was. After the mill had shut down and finally why the VCAwent down with a bog loader and some trucks, and this was another thing that made him mad, went down with a bog loader and truck and just loaded up sand and everything and all their ore and shipped it over to Durango and run it through their mill and sent them backan assay of just almost nothing you know, and all the work andthe time that they'd gone into. I mean all the miners were just at the mercy to these milling guys. There was nothing, there was no government inspection, there was no restrictions; they could do anything they wanted to. As a matter of fact Dad claims, which I don't know if I should be telling on this, but he claims that he'swalked into the VCA's office and seen two sets of records; one of what the actual production was and the actual count of the ore and the other what they paid them. And maybe your dad's told you the same thing.GS: Uh huh.DS: And so this kind of, the kind of situation that those guys in thosedays were faced with.GS: I don't see how they could put up with it.DS: They were patient old fellows I guess.GS: How much did he make, did he make fairly good money then off hisoperations there in White Canyon with his mining White Canyon Number One?
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 19DS:Oh yeah. They made real good money for those days. Dad's always made fairly good money and of course he's always handled his money real well. But I remember lots of times he'd get checks and they'd always be a lot smaller than what he knew they should have been.It always used to upset him. But they made, they made fairly good money, and I mean I remember when we were down there, they were mining a truckload a day, and that was five, six ton a day. And they were getting around fifty hundredths on it if I remember right. Dad could correct me on that, but, and fifty hundredths in those days was еееGS: Ten pounds.DS: Well I'm trying to remember what they were getting paid forit. They got their bonus. Were they getting eight dollars apound for i t then?GS: Yeah with the bonus you'd be getting a little over eight dollars,counting hauling andDS: Yeah. Well, I think they were getting about 12 dollars if Iremember right on it, something like that a pound. And so there's ten pounds and so they were getting around one hundred and twentydollars a ton out of it. And so they were ma.king around five hundred dollars a day on it. Which was real good. Well that's what we ended up redoing our house with that, but Dad done real good there, but even then it wasn't near as good as what he couldhave done. If the situation was now with all the government
  INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 20 regulations and everything and with the mills and everything why he would, why that one mine, that one mine would, they've ended up taking four million dollars worth of ore out of it.GS: The White Canyon Number One?DS: Uh huh.GS: Why did they quit mining it?DS: Dad and them? Well, they sold it. What happened was, this was150 or was it 151? I don't remember. But anyway, right there was when the VGA and the big outfits had back to Washington D.C. andthey'd found out that the government was going to come out and guarantee so much per pound for uranium. They started recognizing the real value of uranium. And so what they did, was, they come into all this country and covered all of the Colorado Plateau,the way I understand it, but I know specifically in our country.And they'd come around and they'd go through all these, every claim that guys had and decide if they wanted. Now Dad and Uncle Ed and Uncle Harris and Uncle Seth, they had 96 claims between the four of them. And they agreed to sell it to the VGA for what they thought was a real good deal because here they had been piddlingalong all this time and they didn't know what was going to happen to the uranium market and they had all of these claims all over; the Happy Jack which is well known; the W Inn which is well known,White Canyon Number One and all those claims that ended up millions and millions of dollars mined out of them and so they decided to sell, and they offered 'em two hundred thousand dollars
   INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 21 GS: Who did?DS: VCA. Was it the VGA? Who was it?GS:DS:            yeah. There we go. Yeah anyway, but he got his information from the VCA is what I was thinking. But anyway and so, offerred them two hundred thousand dollars and endedup giving them a hundred, and then he wouldn't give them the other hundred thousand, and so they ended up taking him to court and it went on for, for four years, wasn't it something like that. And then they ended up settling for sixty-six thousand dollars and the attorney's fees were thirty-three thousand dollars and so they didn't end up getting much money out of it and at the same timewhy he'd resold them. I don't remember the figure on it do you? But he ended up selling White Canyon Number One, if I remember right for more than, just that one claim, for more than what he had paid for all 96 of the other claims. There was 96, wasn't there? That's right?GS: Uh huh.DS: But, anyway, why, they thought they had a good deal and it didn'tprove out that way because it was in the next few months, just a fewmonthsaftertheysignedthecontractwith       that the government came out and said we guaranteed market е е еGS: Well, actually there hadn't been this government, this big bonus then when your dad was mining Number One then, actually.DS: No.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 22 GS: So they were probably getting about a dollar and a half a poundthen.DS: Well, yeah, yeah. I don't remember what he was getting when he wasin White Canyon. I remember when they had, when they had vanadium in it, and they was mining it for vanadium; everything over one percent they got a dollar a pound for. If I, that's the figure that sticks in my mind. But whether they didn't have any vanadium in it at all I don't remember what they did get a pound for it.But that's right, that's right. So they weren't getting eightdollars a pound for it, plus bonus or shipping rate. That's right. GS: That cut down considerably the amount they were making.DS: Yeah, thats right.GS: Well, anyway the group of them that found this just wasn't a veryeconomical experience as they built roads for, two or three thousand dollars into them, you know. Can you remember anything about being down there when they were building the roads into the claims and the kind of special problems that were involved in then?DS: All I remember when they was cutting the road up through WhiteCanyon Number One, there's this one place. There's a lot of sluff down there; the cliff is probably a thousand feet, 600 to a thousand.GS: Yeah, 600 I'd.DS: Something like thatGS: Up to the top of the windgate you mean there?DS: Yeah. But the roads; there was a lot of perpendicular cliffs thereand there was a lot of sluff and what they would try to do is
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 23 build the roads up through the sulff and, but I remember they had to go through this one place. It is in just below the Shimurump,just before they broke into the Shimurump up there.GS: In the Moencope?DS: In the Moencope, yeah. I haven't talked about uranium for years.I've forgot all the formations. But anyway, why I remember they, Dad and them had to get up on this real bad cliff there; kind of scared me. It probably wasn't as bad as what I thought it was because I was quite little. But they used to get up there and drill and then Oshunt had a cat and he did all the road work for them. I guess they must have kept Os alive for years building mining roads around. And but they used to climb up there and shoot this road out; just barely make it wide enough to get a truck in there. I remember even when we used to drive truck I used tothink the bed was goinlj to hit those rocks right there, because just barely made it wide enough and you work off this side straight up and down and then you're driving right next to a cliff you'reafraid you're going to hit. And even after, even years after that when I worked in there myself that road still hadn't been imp~oved much and they had taken four million dollars worth of ore off of there, that one place they had widened a little bit where they could get diesel rigs and that kind of stuff. And I remember even with the diesel rigs, it would be about as close as it used to be with those little trucks. But oh, yeah. I got in a lot of roadbuilding. We always used to have throw rocks out; go behind ...
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 24 They'd build the road and the catskinner of course, would always leave a bunch of rocks in the road and Dad would have all of us kids go up and throw rocks out of the road.GS: Roll them down off the cliff and watch them go crashing down.DS: That's one thing we really liked about Montezuma is because it wasreally straight up and down; there was lot of loose rocks around, and we used to sit there for hours and roll rocks down off this big old cliff, and watch them go way down there and hit another rock and just kind of blow up. That was really fun country down in there. Hot and dry. After living in Montana you don't realize how dry it is until you lived where it's green and there's lotsof water. Boy. It's really hot and dry down there. I don'tknow of anymore on that that I could tell you.GS: Well, this brings up about to the time when we started stakingclaims and when the boom came. What are some of your recollections of the boom itself; the nature of it, some of the people you recall coming in, and some of the activities you got in personally on?DS: Well.GS: What kind of change did this make in your own family life; I meanas far as the amount of people coming to see you and things likethat.DS: Oh yeah. There's one story I don't know if anybody's ever told itor not, but Dad always used to have these big multi-millionaire guys. I mean they say they were and everything, and I suppose some of them were, but, always hanging around wanting him to buy,
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 25 wanting to buy some of his claims and all this kind of stuff. AndI remember this one guy, this little short Jew and oh what a promoter; then I thought he was really a good guy but now I canjust see him you can kind of see through him. But he really acted like he was taken in with Dad,and he flew out to Salt Lake and rented a big car and he had his girlfriend with him, and from what he was talking about later he tried to get my sister to go back and be his girlfriend, and I can't remember what his name was. But he ended up giving Dad thirty thousand dollars down on some claims in Montezuma, and they never did hear from him again.GS: You did get the money though?DS: Yeah, heah. Dad ended up selling the Montezuam claims, two orthree times for thirty thousand dollars down and I think he wasasking a hundred and fifty or a hundred and twenty thousand. Hewanted thirty thousand earnest money and they'd get it, and they'dget the money and they'd have the claims for awhile and not doanything and after the option would come up why they wouldn'texercise the option and so he got the claims back. But that little guy drove a big car and had I remember his girl friend, a bigblonde and she was good looking I thought. I remember that was about in 153, I guess, something like that. I was quite little then.GS:You don't remember his name?
  INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 26 DS: No, I don't. I can see, he was ~p typical Jew, because thiscompany I'm working for now is Jew. But he was so typical Jew I can just, I remember him driving, I, I can remember a lot of instances where he was around the house and out in front of the house. Little old short kid. I remember I was as tall or taller than he was and I was quite little for my age at that time. And the Jewish accent he had you know, really broken English, you know.GS: Was he from Germ.any?DS: No, he was from New York. I mean he might have been from Germanyoriginally but all I know is he was from New York. And he justreally put on the airs you know. I mean he'd throw the money around and take Dad and buy him steaks and all that kinda stuff and Dad еее I remember he came in the house once, wanted to smoke in there andDad wouldn't let him. He says my wife doesn't like me to smokein the house. So I remember him and Dad getting up and goingoutside and standing outside. And after that I don't think heever came in the house again. They'd always stand out on the frontporch or out on the lawn or out by his car and talk business. Henever would come in after that. What a character.GS: I guess your Dad did a lot of business talking as I recall outthere just standing in front of the car е е е DS: Oh yeah.GS: and they'd draw you into there's or something. DS: Yeah. You know the millions of dollars those guys had go throughtheir hands and the potential that was there and everything.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 27 Nowdays, why, of course, you'd imagine somebody with a big office and come on in and sit down and we'll figure the pros and cons and all that kind of stuff. Those guys are just down-to-earth people and lived their life the simplest way possible. And alltheir business transactions, is something of course, all of the kids, you and Dale and all the kids will always remember. Some days they wouldn't go to work or they'd get together in the morning and they'd stand out there and whittle, draw pictures in the dirt and everything for hours and hours. And us kids would be waiting to go to work with them or something like that and get impatient and run off and play, and they'd end up taking off without us or something. But those are some of the images of childhood that I haven'nt even thought of for years. Of course I never had anybody, I've never talked to anybody about i t . .. There's, I remember something else too. We always used to go into Lyman's service station to get gas. That was before it was burned down and didn't have a big fancy station; an old beat up place. When, I even remember them having to get gas out of the barrels at Lyman'sthere. And of course, I remember one time they had this mechanic at Lyman's and Dad was having work on his pickup or do something, I don't remember what it was, or maybe we were just standing there talking to him. He asked Dad what he was going to do and Dadsays that he was going out and do a little looking around. And Iremember that guy kind of chuckling and he said to Dad, 1Well, we'll get you out in the wild,' or something I don't remember
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 28 exactly what he said like that, you know, but ever since that I always kind of got the feeling that he thought Dad was a little crazy, you know.GS: For spending his time out propecting?DS: For spending his time you prospecting around. 'Cause Dad wasrecognized as a real good mechanic and real good truck driver and there was a lot of opportunities for it, but he didn't like to do that kind of stuff. He was a free man. He always makes a statementnow that we his kids and his grandkids will never really now what freedom is like he knew what freedom was; be able to come and go and do what they wanted to do. But е ..GS: Do you think this was the appeal then that kept them out prospecting instead of him working for, a sheepherder or something like that. DS: Well, yeah. The adventure of it, I think, the opportunity to getaway and really be yourself. I remember Paul Black always used to want him to drive a truck. And Paul paid higher wages than about anybody, as a matter of fact, at one time Dad was the highest paid man in the country down there. I think he was making forty dollars a month or something like that, driving a truck and Paul was always trying to get, and Dad would once in awhile take his truck and go on a run for him or something like that. But he just never did like to be tied down in anyway. He wanted to be completely freeof any of that type of responsibility or whatever you want to classify it as. And I guess they're basically all that way. I think your dad probably worked a little more for wages than aboutany of them; even Uncle Glen. But Uncle Glen's never really been
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 29 GS: I wonder if this is a clue to their feelings of aversion to reallysettling down to a mine. I don't think that, that any of our dad's ever got beyond where they could see daylight. You know. In a mine, how do you think there's any tie here.DS: I don't know. Dad always used to get mad at Uncle Harris because quick as they'd get a good mine, Uncle Harris would want to sell it and go do something, and go someplace else.GS: Why?DS: Well, because, the main reason for it, Dad claims anyway, is becausethe money was there and he knew it was there. I mean he could sell this mine for a few thousand dollars and he had the money; he didn't have to worry about going out and working for it. Ofcourse he wasn't lazy or anything. He was real hard worker buthe, that way he knew he had it. And those guys were the type of guys they always knew they could go someplace else and mine, sowhy not sell this one here that somebody wants to buy from them. Dad wanted to kind of keep a bunch of their claims down through the years, but because they were partners and talk about partner- ships; they had a funny one. They just, they didn't ever really get along to good but they all е е еGS: Uncle Harris and your Dad.DS: Yeah. But they were always true and faithful to each other. Upuntil the last few years, why, Uncle Harris got to where he was pretty independent. But by then they weren't really mining or anything. They just had deals around you know. But when they
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 3 0 were mining together they always really true and faithful to each other. But they just, really, they just, other than the fact that they were brothers I don't know. You know, of course the bondthat those men had is completely different. And I don't know ifwe can completely understand it, and I don't think they did. But they had a bond that was completely unique of what we have nowdays with people. I mean, either nowdays you like 'em and you let 'em know you like 'em or else you get rid of them kind of. I mean that seems to be the type of thing that happens nowdays. But in those days, just because you didn't really like somebody didn't mean that you didn't have a real deep bond with them. They had, one time,why, Dad always used to go up to Uncle Harris and talk businessand that kind of stuff and us kids always used to go with him andof course Uncle Harris kids were about our age and they had a big swing set up there. And one of us boys, I don't know who it was, was swinging on the swing and ended up hitting one of Uncle Harris's girls by accident and he come out there and told Dad that he better take his kids home before we killed one of his kids. And so Dad loaded us all in the car and took us home before we killed one ofUncle Harris' kids. A little off the uranium subject, I guegs! GS: Well, do you think there was any relationship between just thiskind of urge they have, this same kind of urge for freedom?DS: Yeah, I think. I think that was really their bond. I really do.Other than the fact that they were brothers, because they used to, I mean they had some good times together. Dad's told me a lot
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 31of е е е , everything was serious all the time when I knew them,you know, and of course, but he always talks about they used tohet in Uncle Harris' pickup, and this is another screwy deal about their partnership. Uncle Harris always had the pickup and Dad always went with him and Dad would always buy the gas or something you know. The never really had any set partnership like the company's got a pickup and the company's got a charge account here and that's where they do business, and then the company pays forit. They never did do business that way as partners. Uncle Harris, always, if he had the pickup then he took care of the pickup. And of course most of the partnership was where Dad had the truckand he took care of the truck and did the hauling and UncleHarris had his pickup. And, but anyway they used to, Dad talksa lot about the early '30's and late '40's or early '40's, some- where along there, there used to be millions of coyotes on the reservation I guess. And Uncle Harris and him would go down there and spend, he told me one story where they'd go down there in Monument Valley and do prospecting and hunt coyotes all at the same time. They had 'em a trap line and he says if ever I needed a hundred dollars I could always go down there and get a bunch of pelts and bring them back and get a hundred dollars. He says, just in a matter of a few days I could do it.GS: And the bounty also?DS: And the bounty yeah. Yeah, I guess it actually wasn't the peltsit was the bounty wasn't it? But those guys are just, now that's
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 32the reason they were in the type of business they were in wasbecause they were such individualists. I mean, they just, whenyou see the long hairs and the hippies and everything nowdays but. .. Those guys were hard workers and they knew freedom and they enjoyed their freedom and they didn't let anything take it away from them.I remember lots of times we wouldn't see Dad for a week or two ata time because he'd be out working some mine. All the, just he and my Uncle Harris a million miles from no place. Both could have got killed and we wouldn't know about it for a week or two, but that's the way they were.GS: Do you think this same urge for individualism explains their, a large part of why they were so much more successful in prospecting than in mining--1 mean in mining you have to, now, you go out everyday. You don't leave a mine and go off or you'll come backand have the back caved in or something like that, or do you thinkthere is any relationship here?DS: Well, I don't know.GS: They never did make much of miners. Your dad and Uncle Harris wereprobably a little better than my dad and Uncle Seth.DS: Yeah, they were. They were successful as far as miners go. Foryears there, they did a bit of mining. In the '40's when the just vanadium was on, they did a lot of mining. And of course a lot of prospecting. But the mining, they used the mining as a means of making a living when as long as they had that taken care of then they
 INTERVIEW': Shumway P a g e 33 would prospect. That's the kind of the feeling I always used toget. But they, if the opportunity ever come along though, they would always sell to somebody and let them mine it and then they'd gofind 'em someplace else. I remember they had this real good mine in, down in Montezuma and they were really making good money mining it and everything and somebody wanted to buy it. I don't rememberwho it was now. I think it was Uncle Evan or somebody. Anyway when they ended up selling, they е е е No, it was Bev Bradford. Bev wanted to buy it, Blanding Mines. And they ended up sellingit to him. And went and moved on up to the Lucky Boy; this is down at the Cottonwood; the Lucky Boy never did make much money and the Cottonwood was really a good claim. It seemed like that was always the way it went with them. They always had, they owned most of Cottonwood at one time. What did they end up selling that for? A saddle and two hundred dollars or something?GS: I've never been able to find out exactly how much. I asked Uncle Seth this and he couldn't remember exactly how much. My impressionwas that it was about fifteen hundred dollars.DS: Yeah, that's kind of the way I get it. But they got some saddlesand some boots and something didn't they, and a little bit of cash and Dad bought a little, the last time I was ever out in Cottonwood with Dad we were riding down through that country and hewas telling me; he says you know, he says, if I had just hung on to this one mine; he pointed over there to one mine he had, he
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 3 4 says, me or my kids would never have to worry about finances.GS: The big holes, the East Ranch Claim itself had enough ore to make a person wealthy.DS: Yeah. And he says, if we had just known what the situation could have been we could have just staked this whole country. It'swithin 15 minutes of town so you never have to stay out or anything, and he could have worked there for years and the kids could haveall had jobs and been miners and made real good. Of course,hindsight is always better than foresight.GS: Yeah. What else do you remember about the boom period? Do youremember anybody else coming on big deals, any promoters?DS: Oh, not anything really in particular. It seems like there wasalways somebody there trying to make some kind of a deal on claims. Dad and them were doing alot of staking at that time too, because they could see the handwriting on the wall. And so they were getting a lot of claims. They werefunny though. If they had just, they were the type of men that everything had to be honest and legitimate you know, and so, I remember Day saying lots of timeshe went out prospecting and found a little bit of stuff; but it didn't look too good. He says he didn't think anybody wouldwant it. And so he would never stake it. But years later, I mean not, actually about during that time or a little bit later, that some property he could have sold for four or five thousand dollarsa claim. Anything that had uranium on it was worth a lot of
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 35 money. But he felt like that it wasn't being fair because he knewthat it wouldn't have ever amounted to anything, in his own hearthe knew it wouldn't be and so as a result he couldn't sell something that he knew wouldn't be of any value. And there was guys all around there just, well, they hired us, you and I and Rex and Bob Payne to go out and stake anything. They didn't care where it was or what the deal was. The paid us so much a claim.GS: What was it, five dollars.DS: Five dollars or something like that.GS: Three to five dollars.DS: And if it was in a better locale they would give us a little more.As a matter of fact we even staked, was it you and I, or was it you and Rex and I that staked that. There, you know where the sawmill is there in Blanding?GS: Yeah.GS: Well, we ought to just claim it.DS: But we did alot of staking and we made some money and had Dad beena shred operator that he could have been, if his nature had beena little different, he could have actually made more money just on promoting things than what he ever could of with mining or selling or anything but е е еGS: I remember one thing that I can recall is that how much pride they showed and, and the faith they showed for people who were staking claims behind; say they had a mine, say, on the outcrop or it hada good outcrop on it, and someone would come in and stake a claim
 Page 36 behind it and like this. And they don't even have any ore showingthere. Remember how еее?Yeah. I remember that.And yet of course that was the way most of the fortunes have been made too, just on property in behind outcrops you know.Yeah.I wonder why they showed so much; I've never been able to understand why they wouldn't have at least covered themselves several claims deep, you know, instead of just staking the one claim on the outcrop. Why do you thinkеееWell, I don't know. I know for years that's the way they were andup until just towards the end of the boom and that kind of stuff, about that period of time Dad got to where he'd stake severalclaims back like when he staked the Wright's cliams, why it was.He staked the whole point because, but I think the thing about itwas, everybody kind of had, everybody knew everyboсdy and everybody kind of had a mutual agreement. This is your mine and you guys are out front so any place it goes it's still yours. And I remember a lot of times Dad saying, 'Well, what good is it going to do them to stake back there? They can't get there without going through this property anyway. So why do they even stake it. I think this is kind of their feeling until they could see that,well they can go back and sink a shaft on or whatever they have to do to get down to it. And those of course, the feeling I always got from everybody there was there was really a lot of honesty among everybody. Nobody was really out to beat anybody or takeINTERVIEW: ShumwayDS: GS:DS:GS:DS:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway Pa g e 37 advantage of anybody and so as a result why, I mean it was costing them a dollar a claim to stake on back behind thereGS: Plus a hundred dollars assessment work.DS: Plus a hundred dollars worth of assessment work, so why even do it.If the ore goes on back, why then we'll do it that way. I mean we won't worry about it; this is our country here anyway. And of coursethe way things turned out, why it was really a bad thing for themto do. But they, you know those men, really, and all of my analyzing of it done, they never really wanted anymore than just enough tobe comfortable. And as a result, when you're that way, you don't really look far into the future and you don't really take advantage of the opportunities that are present, like you would if you were greedy and really wanted a lot, you know. And I think that wasone reason they didn't do more, and try to get ahead more.GS: Then, too, when they were, when they were setting their patterns,setting their habits and all, they were about the only ones prospecting in the whole country and so they knew if, if at later date it showed they should take more they could. And I guess they were just so well set by the time the boom came having been in it for 20 years, that it was hard to adjust to a new kind of problem.DS: Yeah. And I thought too a lot of times, you know, there was lots and lots, and I remember Dad commenting a lot of times on all the good ore in Colorado. But I always got the feeling from him, well,we've got as much as we need right here and nobody comes in and bothers our country, let's not go over and bother them. And there
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 38 was big mines over there all the time being staked and people working them and everything, but he just never was that greedy. He just had plenty where he was at and settled for that.GS: Even though the Colorado border was only 20 miles away.DS: Yeah, living right next to it.GS: And the deposits in Colorado were within ten miles of the border mostof them.DS: Yeah, and he could have, as easy as not, went over there and staked.But I, to my knowledge I don't think he's ever staked a claim in Colorado. He did, he did venture clear up to Steens mine which was about 60 miles away. That was a big venture but he only kept it for awhile.GS: You mentioned that he had staked, that he actually had that outcrop there, I mean behind the outcrop, you know the big butt linesalong the bottom. Weren't those the ones he staked or was it...?actually behind.DS: Well, I'm not really right sure to be honest about it. All Iknow is that he claims that he had eight or ten claims over on the Steen's property. And he knew the ore was there; everybody knew the ore was there years before Steen ever discovered it. But itwas low grade, twenty hundreths but in front and in those days twenty hundredths youjust couldn't even look at. I mean, I remember Dad telling me lots of times there's a big vein of twentyhundredths over there.
  INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 3 9GS:DS:Uh huh. Of course that was on the big Butt claim as I understand it. The outcrop itself was just off, see, just aboutfifty feet in front.Yeah. That's right. But I'm talking about the deposit of Steen's. Yeah that's right. Steen didn't ever own the outcrop and that's what Dad had of course and, but these guys, I don't know, theyjust were a different type of an individual then what people are nowdays.I think this is reflected to an extent in the homes that they kept all their lives; your dad and my dad still living and Uncle Glen in rather unpresumptious homes really. Uncle Harris and Uncle Seth very late in life built much more substantial homes.GS:DS: Well, Dad, the home I was born and raised in, the bedroom I was born and raised in, still there. What it started out, was, Uncle, Grandpa had a one bedroom or one room shack up there where Uncle Glen lives now and when Dad got married they moved it down there, and they lived in that and then they just kept adding on and adding on and ended up to where he's got a fairly large house now.But like you say, it's still, it's still an old home, and Dad would love to build a new one now but he never will. He'll die right there. And it's really getting run down to. Is your Mom's?GS: Uh huh.DS: Boy, Dad's just, I was really surprised the last time I was home.You don't recognize it when you're with it all the time.
   DS:INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 4 0 But as far as the uranium boom, the thing that Iremember mostly was all the kids, and of course your mother hadthe apartments next to where we lived, and there was always new people moving in there. And the oil boom hit about the same time, and lots and lots of oil people there. And Blanding was just busy and busy. I remember we used to go up and have to sit in the cafe up there to get a Pepsi. But, if you didn't get in, right in and get you a booth why then someone would come along and get your place, and you couldn't find a place to eat. And you take a little town, well, what they figure over five thousand at one time, little town of 15 to 1,600 to 5,000 over a period of a few months actually and it was just really a contrast everything, you know. At that same time ;also, one thing that I remember a lot was that they had, they started doing a lot of construction work on the highway andwe hadn't had oiled roads into Blanding then, and so they started putting oiled roads into Blanding. And so there was a lot of construction people there too. I remember this one guy, this one kid named Earl You remember Earl _ , had a great big old black dog and this dog didn't like Earl very well. So we played with him and Earl would say if he didn't we'd sic thebig black dog on him. And after awhile we never did play with him, did we? And then Kent, Kent Gunnell, is that his mame?Uh huh.GS:DS: Kent Gunnell, we ended up running around with some very differenttypes of people, and most of the kids in Blanding weren't subjected
 INTERV1EW: Shumway Page 41 to the influence that you and I were because of your parent's cabin there. As a result we got to know a lot of people. I was sitting down here the other day in one of these little towns south down there, Mount Pleasant, or some place and I was talking to somebody that knew LaFrance Payne and I was telling him about t he f irst time you and I met LaFrance Payne. He was a guy that came in from Fillmore, Utah because things looked good in Blanding. He came in just right after the uranium boom started going good, and was a mechanic and stuff. Gary and I are sitting out on the front lawn playing, horsing around and we seen this old car with this old beatup trailer pulling. I don't remember which one of us, one of us made the comment about there comes the gypsies, and come to findout it was old LaFrance Payne and his boy Bob. Of course, Boband Gary and I ended up to be bosum pals and they ended up to be one of the finest families that moved into Blanding, but е е е And yet at the time we chuckled about how the gypsies were coming in.GS: Yeah, they had a pretty rough time. I remember Bob used to sleep out there underneath the, oh, one of these сold fashioned camper tops. Do you remember how bad of a winter that was. We would have to go kick the snow out of the front of that and lift off several quilts so he could get out in the mornings to go to band at eight o'clock in the morning, and yet he turned out to be as fine afriend I guess we ever did have.DS: Yeah. He's in the bishopric in Portland now. GS: Uh huh. A good kind of person to be around.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 42 DS: Yeah, a real fine man. But those are some of the experiences thatthe uranium business did bring into Blanding; brought a lot ofrough environment into Blanding which Blanding wasn't used to.But really shaked the souls for awhile up there. When you get the oil business plus the miners why they're just about the two roughest type of environment there is.GS: Then construction on top of that.DS: Then construction on top of that, boy. And Blanding never did havea beer parlor or a liquor store; it still doesn't, and so everybody had to go to Monticello to get drunk, and all these guys are driving the highways drunk and everything. Oh that was quite the times.GS: What, what part did you play in the boom itself?DS: Oh, other than doing a lot of staking, really nothing. I used to do,we got in on these contracts to stake all these claims and thatkind of stuff.GS: Did you ever have any pangs of conscience realizing what we weredoing to people, selling them those kinds of claims?DS: Well, Dad always tried to make me feel guilty. But oh yeah, Ican of course, we come from the school that you sold people something of value and the only one that really bothered me more than anything else was the one up to Recapture, the only one that had any value,the one at Mustang we always kind of thought that Cottonwood could run up to Montezuma Creek so there might not, there could eventuallybe found something found there, where we could ease out conscience that way, but еее I remember we staked those 40 up in Re-capture
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 4 3 and of course that was a million miles away and Dad always told us that that was too far north and there would never be anything found there. And as a result, why, I think that's one reason that we done such a lousy job. We ended up selling those 40 and I don't know if we even ended up staking very many of them. But we wrote up and paid for them anyway and they got recorded.GS: Well, we set up the monument at least on the front, I mean еее ?DS: Yeah. Did we end up setting all of them up?GS: Well, we did, we еееDS: I think we only set up 29, didn't we or something and ended up sellingmore than that.GS: Might be, might be. What did we do, just write out the papers.DS: Yeah, we wrote up the papers on it.GS: I can't remember ever writing up on them. You may have written outthe rest of them and I wasn't around. I'd been happy enough aboutit, as far as that goes.DS: Yeah because I remember we was supposed to go clear on past theranch there, and oh, there was a certain place up there, that I figured 40 was supposed to take us. We were getting tired and lazyby then. We'd, we'd made quite a bit of money at that time, about time to go spend it all. And so we ended up, the way I remember itwe ended up staking 29. Oh I know one thing I really felt bad about on that too, was we staked over DeVon Hurst's claim too. Ended up selling some claims over the top of his claim.
 INTERVIEW : Shumway Page 44GS: Did he know about it?DS: Well, no, he did later, yeah.GS: And I guess he probably thought.DS: As a matter of fact he tore down some of our monuments, I remember. GS: Did he sell them too.DS: Oh yeah. He had his, as a matter of fact he sold his, oh he gotabout a hundred dollars a claim out of his. He was getting a hundred dollars a claim out of his. I was kind of mad because we weren't getting enough out of ours, and was staking over the same claims.GS: He was making a hundred dollars and we were only getting five on the same property.DS: Yup. I was thinking at the time we were walking exactly the same road and he's making 20 times more than we are, but we did a lot of that.GS: Do you know what happened to those claims, do you think, what, what company they went into or anything?DS: Well, they went into Plateau Uranium to begin with, and then Plateau Uranium went defunct. And oh, I knew at one time who owned them, but I don't remember now.GS: About this Plateau Uranium, I think there's one that's probably a good example of the kind of things that were formed during the boom. Tell me the history of Plateau Uranium as much as you know from the beginning.DS: Well, Plateau Uranium was, like you said, formed like so many companies. People would come into the country and not wanting to
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 4 5 really do any work themselves to get any money, they'd form these little penny anny companies. And they would go out and sell stock to 'em. Well, of course, they would put in all these claims usguys were staking. Now Plateua Uranium was started by Grant Shumway and Doug Davis and some other crook е е еGS: Bob Marlow was it?DS: No Bob wasn't in on it. No it was some other guy from Salt Lakethat was in on their hamburger stand with them. And they, they had arrangement to share they could sell, they would sell Plateau Uranium, these claims for a hundred dollars, and we were getting five for staking them and all they'd do is just do the paper work and they got a hundred.GS: Them being the company officials in Plateau Uranium.DS: Yeah, and Platea.u,Uranium ended up getting some good property anddid do some mining. They had some compressors; they had an old joint compressor and a few things like that, but it was found on such shakey grounds that Doug and Grant ended up selling out to this other guy. I can't remember his name now. I think, fat, fat all over, guy and then he went back to Salt Lake and tried to wheeland deal on it up there and ended up selling it to somebody for almost next to nothing. And was it, I can't remember the name of it now. I just about had it. But anyway, I think they ended up buying out Plateau and е е еGS: So Grant and Doug; we would go out and stake the claims for five dollars and they would then turn them into Plateau at a hundred
  INTERVIEW: Shumway Page 46 dollars and they would keep the difference between 95 and to aDS: GS: DS:hundred dollars.Yeah. And they were really getting rich. And of course they еееon a stockholder's money.Yeah. And that's the reason they could stake anything they wantedto any place. If we hadn't been so lazy we could have made a heck of a lot more money than we did too. Our biggest problem, all we had was that old '35 Ford and we couldn't get but too good. We were too lazy to walk very far from town.Well, we had to do it after school and by the time you struggle through a wholeWe had a lot of Saturdays we could have done, but еее Oh, we ended up staking, what two or three hundred claims or something like that.I imagine.I remember we had a lot of money there for awhile, but we didn'tdo near as well as we could have done if we had really got out and really worked at it, but the way I remember it and you can correctme if I'm wrong, I really think we all kind of felt guilty about it. And as a result we didn't really push ourselves, because weknew that they were worthless pieces of land and somewhere somebodyGS:DS:GS: DS:was really getting taken for a ride, and we hated to be a part of it. GS: Yeah, I think there was no question at all, even though we were inpart wrong, I think we inherited a little of our father's prejudices towards property that didn't have an outcrop on it. I think there
  INTERVIEW: Shumway Page 47 was no hesitation, no question but what we thought it was goat pasture when we were staking it even though some of it did proveto be fairly valuable.DS: Yeah. Well the ones in Re-capture they claim they've got 18 foot ofwhat seventy, eight hundreds on the same property.GS: And it's only, what, what'd be 200 feet probably fromDS: Yeah, Tim told me what it was, yeah it's about two hundred and,it was almost three hundred I think. But the water probably was the big thing, the biggest problem.GS: Yeah.DS: It's almost artesian.GS: Yeah, some of it is artesian as a matter of factWho's got it now?DS: Tim.and those guys. TheyGS: Tim Parsons? Shumway.DS: Yeah, but they went back in and staked over us and staked over DeVonHarrison's. GS: Years later.DS: Yeah. Years later. Well, see, they got on to it. Actually this was just in the last, well I left Blanding three and a half years ago, just a couple of years before that. I guess it's been about the last seven or eight years. After everything had died completely down and everything and nobody's really doing any staking. Andthen they kind of got a surge here again, because there was a lot of money coming out for exploration work. And so they went back
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 48 in and staked it and then drilled. They were staking everything, any place. But what happened was they ended up getting VCA's big geologist and they paid him, oh what was it, two or three thousand dollars a month plus five percent of everything he staked. Andof course, he had access to any drilling that ever had transpired throughout the whole history of the uranium business. And maps and reports of exactly everything that happeded, and so he, he was able to go follow trends that nobody even knew ever existed. And that's the reason he ended up finding this because he knew it was there.GS: Is there a lease between him and Union Carbide1 DS: Union Carbide, yeah.GS: Was this who--John?DS: Yeah, John еееGS: John Gerome or JohnDS: John Harem.GS: John Harem?DS: Yeah, John Garem. Is he still down there or anything? Do you knowwhere he is?GS: I really don't know. I don't think he is. He may be in Salt Lake. DS: But anyway he ended up with a real good deal out of it. And with alot of interest in a lot of valuable property. The Shumway brothers ended up with a lot of good valuable property. The last I talked to Tim on it they had a big deal going. They was going to sell it for several million dollars. But I don't think it ever transpired.But one of these days it probably will. They'll probably make some
  INTERVIEW: Shumway Page 49 ...Because they do have a lot of good property. Even up on that mountain, the last mining that I did about three years ago, guys were getting where they were staking right on top of the mountain where just goat pasture, and selling it for forty, fifty dollarsa claim. And that's one way John made a little money and Jack,Jack Tate. Dan got on a little of that too. GS: Dan ShumwayDS: Yeah. DeVon bought some of Jack's claims I understand. He's hada company too that he was selling some junk claims too. So the way I understand it anyway. The ended up with some good property there because of i t .GS: Well, your part in the uranium industry, in the uranium boom, then was, was no more salutary than many other people who came into this country, and yet you stayed with the industry after most of them had gone back to their better sense. Tell me of your actual experience in the industryDS: Well, course, when I was 15 years old or 14, I guess it was 15. You had to be 16 with parents consent and I was working illegallyI remember that. And Bob had just turned 16, so I was 15. Whywe went to Merlin Burdette Shumway and asked him for a job. And he says, well, we'll put you to work. We're opening up a new mine clear up on top of the Ucca called the Payday. And of course the Payday has a real history of a very rich producer. And so BobPayne and I went to work for him for 12 dollars a day and they stuck us up in the mountains there a million miles from no place and gave
  INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 5 0 I wouldn't even keep a cat in it. But they thought they had reallydone us a big favor giving us this trailer house. They wanted usto camp out, and they got this, put us to work at this mine and we had to hand muck, and we had this, first we had wheelbarrows and,and so anyway, why we started out with wheelbarrows a hand mucking, and we were hand mmcking real rich, we just right out on the surface; no burden or anything, and we was just hand mucking this really rich, rich ore, and a lot of it went way over one percent. And this waswhen the allocation was on and shippingGS: Thay were maki~g a bonus.DS: Oh they were just making money hadn over fist off it, and so, anyway,why, we got making 'em so much money that they finally went out andbought themselves shuttle cart. This things got the squeaks. GS: Uh huh.DS: And we, one time they made the statement, now Bob and I was hand mucking between the two of us between 40 and 60 tons a day. Now people, you tell people that and they don't believe you. But I think and Rex was too. They made the statement one time that they couldn't afford to buy a loader and rent the expenses of having a loader and running it and everything when they had Bob and I there. And we worked there all summer long and made them thousands and thousands of dollars. Andas quick as we quit they went out and bought a new loader and put it in that mine. And of course it produced millions of dollars after that. But that was one of the miserablest summers I've ever
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 51 spent in my whole life. We had this trailer house and it was, we didn't have any running water or nething and the closest water was about a half mile away and we worked ten, twelve hours a day and by the time you got home you were so tired from hand mucking you just ate what was there and crawled in bed and that was it. I mean we didn't even go hunting hardly at all or do anything. We were just so exhasuted every night. I remember that the mice got so bad in there because we'd never cleaned the trailer house or anything.We used to get up in the morning and there'd be mice dung all over the top of the table and in our plates and everything and we'd just scrape it off and put some food on it and go to work еееGS: And leave it for the mice to clean up.DS: Leave it for the mice to clean up, and come back that night andopen up a can or something. We tried not to eat off the plates anymore than we had to. And we just go and get enough for drinking water. One time a big bear come down into that country. We followed him for a ways. We never did get a chance to get him or anything. But he messed up our water and everything so that we couldn't get a drink that morning or anything. Then we had, then Gary come out and helped us one time.DS: What happened? Did I get sick or something? And Bob, what was the deal on that?GS: Don't you remember what happened that day?DS: I remember you got, how come did you end up coming out there? Youjust wanted to help or what?
  INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 52 GS: No, Bob, couldn't go. Bob must have been sick and he wasn't goingout that week and so I came outDS: That's right, yeah. Gary came out and helped us. We had this binwe was dumping the ore into. We hand mucked it and he went driving up there and didn't come back and didn't come back. Finally hecame walking down the trail and I told him, Dean, I wrecked the shuttle car, I went up there and he'd run the shuttle car off into the bin, WEecked the bin, wrecked the shuttle car, and Lou and Burdette were madder than heck. They were so tight with us that if, they told us that if we, once in awhile we'd break a hammer handle. I don't really remember breaking over two or three of them. But they told us if we broke anymore we was going to have pay for it.GS: Do you remember why I ran the shuttle car in       Do you remember what the shuttle car was like?DS: Yeah, it was, the gears were backwards or something I think.GS: Well, they wouldn't go out of gear. The, you couldn't put it intoreverse. You couldn't change it out of forward into reverse,remember?DS: Oh yeah, that's right. That was Bob's wasn't it?GS: Yeah.DS: Oh those were really some doozy buggies. They wouldn't let youwork anymore after that would they? GS: Well, I didn't offer.DS:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P a g e 53 GS: That was one of my early experiences and set my definite prejudicesagainst it.DS: Have you ever recorded your experiences with Rex?GS: No.DS: We ought to do that today. 'Cuz that's really a valuable experiencewe did. I mean the way that it turned out and everything. I mean sometimes somebody, Rex's grandkids or somebody may want it. Froman outsider. Rex'll tell 'em I'm sure, but, they'd otta hear itfrom you. But anyway we spent that summer there. The only advantagewe had in the whole summer was Merlin Burdett would let us go into Westside Groceries and buy anything we wanted to. And we used toeat 20, 30 dollars worth of groceries every week. We used to buy these great big old hams. What are they, five pounders or something, and we'd eat one of those a week. And but oh that was so miserable.And with no shower. I mean we'd go, I'd bring my sheets home at the end of the week and my mother would just, was just, was mad because I was so dirty. But we never washed or anything. We'd just, we just work and eat and go to sleep, work and eat and go to sleepall week long. I remember towards the end of the summer I used topray Monday morning I'd be sick so I wouldn't have to go to work.GS: What were working conditions like there? For example, oh the qualityof the equipment?DS: Oh, well, the equipment was; Merlin Shumway is the biggest cowardin the world. Coward. And all it was is a bunch of shuttle cars that he'd coughed up from somewhere, I don't know. Like the reason Gary ended up wrecking that one because it was, it was, the gearswouldn't work, and I think the clutch was out on it too.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway P ~ g e 5 4 GS: Yeah. Yeah, the clutch was out.         what I got, whathappened, I, there had been some ore spilled where you were supposed to hit against the logs there and instead of it stopping, hitting against the log, it rolled right up on top of the log and I was sitting there looking off the cliff staring way down there, and Iknew if I didn't get it out of gear it was going to go and flip over, you know and go down, and I couldn't get it out of gear.The clutch didn't work at all, and I was just pulling to get it out of gear and it slowly, slowly slipped in and all of a sudden just flipped, and I jumped as it was right in the middle of the air,and I hit half out of the bin and half in and watched my hatjust swirl down for oh, 500 feet [ imagine, straight down, or 400 feet. With me hanging half in and half out of the bin. Yeah all the time I was just cursing that thing. Because I knew it wasgoing to flip over if I didn't get it out of gear, and it wouldn'tgo out of gear and it just flipped.DS: This is so ironic of Gary too, because his mechanical ability isonlysu~passedbyhis     ability(laughing).Butifit was going to happen to anybody it was going to happen to him. Bob was a real good mechanic and as a result he could drive it and get by, but you had to know it, and Gary not being mechanically inclined at all just didn't know what to do with it.GS: Well, it was just not fit for being operating in the mines or in the first place.