 LEWIS SMITH Moab, Utah Tape No. 41An interview by Steve Guttman July 21, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
  Table of ContentsB.ackground.Natural GasService 7 Public Service Commission. 8 Gas Line. 12 Work Force. 13 Gas Line. 14Moab. 15 Monticello. 16 Uranium. 171 2
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH LEWIS SMITH IN HIS OFFICE IN MOAB, UTAH. THE INTERVIEWER IS STEVEN GUTTMAN. THIS INTERVIEW TOOK PLACE JULY 21, 1970.LS: I worked for two different propane companies. I was working forthe propane company in Monticello, when they piped Monticello and Moab natural gas. I was the last one hired there, and I knew they was going to reduce the operation. So when I heard they were looking for an office manager, I applied and got the job"and moved to Moab. That was in 1956.SG: Had you lived in Moab before?LS: No.SG: Where is home for you originally?LS: I was born and raised in Sterling, Colorado.SG: So you have lived in this general area then for most--?LS: I lived all my life in the general area, yeah. Sterling is oversome four hundred and some miles from here. I lived in Denver for a while. That's where I first went to work for a propane company-- Skelly's.SG: And in what year was that?LS: First went to work for them, I believe, in 1948, and in 1954, Iwent into business for myself in a service station. It was all right except I had a health problem and the doctor advised me to keep completely away from the service ststion. Had an opportunity
 LEWISSMITH #1 P AGE 2SG: LS: SG: LS:SG:LS:to go to work in Monticello, so I took it. From there I moved to Moab and have b.een here ever since, fourteen years. It was fourteen years the sixteenth of this month when I went to work for UtahGas Service.When did gas first come into this area?In 1956.Well, so you came in here at the same time?Well, they were--there hadn't been any meters set yet, but theyhad the preliminary construction work pretty well done when Iwent to work for the gas company.What was the major reason that it wasn't until 1956 that they camein with gas?Uh, well, there was no pipeline in here. It was Pacific Northwest then--came through here with big twenty-six inch pipeline and then that made it available to all these towns along here--Cortez, Monti- cello, and Moab, and it cuts across towards Grand Junction and up to---?---. From there it goes to near Salt Lake and on up into Idaho and across into Washington and Oregon. But there was no gas available in this area until then. And then the uranium mill moving in had something to do with Moab getting natural gas. Monticellowould not have gotten natural gas had it not been that there was a uranium mill there at that time. That since has become defunct, but
 LEWIS SMITH # 1 P AGE 3we still serve Monticello.SG: Do you serve the rest of San Juan County, too?LS: Monticello is the only town we serve. Our franchise covers all ofGrand and San Juan counties in this area. And then we have a funnelup in the northeastern part of Utah.SG: But at this time, you were not planning any further expansion?LS: No, no, not to my knowledge. We had no plans for--SG: How much gas is used in this area on the average? Say, in a typicalday.LS: Oh, I can't tell you. I don't have those figures. The major portionof the bookkeeping is all done in Salt Lake, our home office. AndI really don't know.SG: You care to make any estimates as far as a monthly total?LS: Oh, I really wouldn't know.SG: Was Moab kind of--they were planning to go through different countiesto lay the pipes easier. Is that why they layed the original gaspipes, or--?LS: I really don't know. I would assume that they picked the most directroute. And also I'm sure they had in mind picking up towns as they went through. The idea was to get gas to the Pacific Northwest. It comes from gathering fields down in what they call the San Juan Basin, and at Ignacio they have a big refinery and so forth, and that's where
 LEWIS SMITH #1 PAGE 4the pipeline starts and runs from there clear to Seattle, Washington. And since that time they have gone on into Canada and have pickedup some fields there, and they can bring gas from both places or either place as they want to.SG: Do you have any idea how much gas the uranium company has used percentage-wise?LS: Oh, Atlas Minerals will use somewhere in the neighborhood of three million cubic feet a month, somewhere in that general area. It varies depending on the production, and so forth.SG: Are they the biggest users of gas?LS: No, Texas Gulf Sulphur is the big one. About on peak load theywill use about thirty million cubic feet a month, something like that. In fact, Texas Gulf Sulphur will undoubtedly use more than the whole town of Moab by a considerable amount. And of course,at the moment they're on vacation, and they're going to convertto solution mining, and so they're shut down. Their gas layout there now is nil, and will be for about a year until they get this conversion thing, and then they'll go back up to about the same as it was previously.SG: Besides Atlas, what other companies are main users? LS : Texas Gulf Sulphur.SG: So just those two?
 LEWIS SMITH Ill PAGE 5LS:SG:LS:Uh huh. The rest of them are all commercial and residential users here in town. We don't have any other industries.Has the amount of gas used in this area increased or remained stable?Oh no, it has increased. We have grown. We've shown a little increase every year in the number of customers. Up until the present time, there had been quite an exodus due to this thing when TGS here was talking of closing the mill down and the mine and so forth. Going back to my weekly reports, we probably have fewer customers now. We have more in Monticello than we have at the same time during the boom up there.Then excluding TGS, the problems, you know, that they have had, has been a steady--?A steady growth. That's correct.Do you have any idea percentage-wise, any estimates that you could make on how much year to year?Well, you would have to say that since 1956 we've grown 100 percent because we had nothing. The first two years was probably when the major growth took place because we were piping houses and tunneling along just as fast as we could. So '56, '57, and'58, why, these were probably our biggest years. And then more subdivisions came along and so forth, and we kept adding on. So that those three years would be our biggest years, but there has been a steady increase. And we figure now that we have, oh,SG:LS: SG:LS:somewhere in the area of at least 90 percent saturation.
 LEWIS SMITH tll PAGE 6SG: LS: SG: LS:So then the gas has been received quite well in the area?Very well. Very well.There haven't been any real conflicts then?No, they've kept the price of propane up to where it's not com- petitive. And the price of coal is high enough that by the time you get it trucked in here, why, it isn't worth the differencefor the mess you have, carrying out the ashes and all of the coal and all. There is always the chance that they use it. And elec- tric heat has been so expensive that it has not been competitive. There are a few all-electric builders in town, but not too many. Have the electrical companies, since they have virtually a mono- poly in this area, given you any problems of any sort?Well, not particularly. Of course, just in the past two or three years they really pushing electric heat, and as I say, they have gotten some, but by and large, the fuel generally accepted is natural gas. There is no .doubt about that.Have you had any problems in laying down any of your pipes or anything?No, occasionally under original construction, some guy would say, "Well, I'll give you this area and we can go across here." And later on they come along and say, "Well, now we want to build ahouse here and the gas line's in the way." Since they didn't have any alleys here, we didn't adhere strictly to the streets. We'dLS: SG:LS:SG:LS:
 LEWIS SMITH #1P AGE 7LS:get---?--- and build right behind the row of homes, and maybe ---?--- have changed over the years, and that sort of thing. Occasionally we have to move one to get at it anyway, but that's no problem. We always do it. There's never any problem with that.About the only problem we have is when someone gets ready to dig a basin, he suddenly remembers he forgot to call the gas company and tell them this had to be moved, see. And then maybe it'll hold them up a couple of days, and that'll give us a few days' notice and we won't have any problems.Do you service the people that are outside the city itself?No, no. Other than---?--- subdivision, we only have a very few that are outside of the city limits. It's all confined right here within the city limits of Moab.What's the primary reason for not servicing outside?They're too scattered. And it's too costly to pipe the area. The Spanish Valley area, there are a number of people out there that are anxious to get natural gas, but some of those houses are half a mile or three quarters of a mile apart. And if we had them all congregated in one area, yes, we could do this. But the area isso large and the housing is so scattered that's it's prohibitive to run it out there.SG: LS:SG: LS:
 LEWISSMITH # 1P AGE 8SG: LS: SG:LS:So you need a certain density per area?Yes. This is correct.Do you happen to know what the minimum population would be approx- imately?No. No, I don't. It's all based on the cost of running an exten- sion to the area. This is all regulated by the Public Service Commission, and you can only spend so much money, and then from there on, it's up to the customer. This makes it prohibitive in the outlying areas, there ag~in, due to the fact that they are so far apart. Now if a subdivision were to develop, say, with fifty homes in it or something like that, then that would change the picture considerably.Does the state of Utah have quite a few restrictions as to what you can and can't do?Yes, however, they are not unreasonable. We're pretty closely watched by the Public Service Commission. First of all, it'sdue to the fact that we are a monopoly. We have the exclusive franchise and no one else can get a franchise to sell naturalgas in this area. They are not only--I don't know .quite how to put this--anyway, they're not only interested in that we live up to the rules as far as running service to people is concerned and that sort of thing, but they're interested in the service that weSG:LS:
 LEWIS SMITH #1 PAGE 9give when we take care of our customers properly. And that'swhy we maintain a good service department. So if a guy wantsto, why, it's quite all right to call a plumber if he needs something done. In fact, we'd prefer that he does, and we usually refer him to one in most cases, except in cases of a reported leak. Then we check that out personally ourselves. And if we find a leak, we fix it. And that's another thing. It doesn't make any difference what they're doing, or how important the job is, if someone reports a gas leak, and if I'm not here, oh, to make a preliminary check, then one of the--we always know where on ofthe service men are, and one of the girls will go get him, and he'll go up and check that thing out right now. And because of this and because we are conscious of safety, we have only had one serious natural gas fire in the fourteen years that I've been here. And this cannot be blamed on anyone except someone who decided to install a range himself and didn't do it properly. He left a line loose and that's what caused the fire. And it was no great shakes; it was an old house that probably should have been torn down along time ago anyway. But that has been---?------?--- last year.Last year, this year it was. SG: This was recent then?
 LEWISSMITH #1 P AGE 1 0This was recent. The first serious fire that we've had in Moab due to natural gas in the fourteen years that I've been here, and it sure did spoil a good record. I didn't like that very good, but it's one of those things. In fact, the lady that lived there said she had noticed a gas odor in there that morning, but she neglect- ed to call or tell anybody. And had she called us, that fire prob- ably could have been prevented.didn't even know about it. And it's utterly impossible for us to go into these houses. Now when somebody installs a range or some- thing and the guy does it himself, he calls us and says, "I'd like to have you come out and check this out." I'm very happy to do it. In fact, we want to do it. We want to be sure it's safe.SG: It protects you.LS: That's correct.SG: Do you see state regulators much?LS: No.SG: Strictly terms of price, if anybody makes a complaint--?LS: Well yeah, complaints. We have reports and so forth that we sendto the Salt Lake office. I understand they do drop in there occasionally and so forth. And when we do have a complaint, for instance, this fire, I had to send to send a complete report onLS:So it's one of those things that you had no control over?SG:LS: Nothing--no control whatsoever. Someone else did the work. We
 LEWISSMITH # 1PAGE 11SG: LS:SG: LS: SG: LS:this thing with every detail to the Salt Lake office, and they filed a report with the Public Service Commission on the thing telling exactly what we found, what in our opinion was the cause of the fire.I gather then that all fired where gas is the cause, they keep-- Very close tabs on. They sure do. There again, this all goes back to their watching you to see how safe you are--and your practices. And I think that no major fires in almost fourteen years, that's a pretty good record.---?--- claim on that.No.Did any other power, gas company bid on this area?I really don't know. These franchises were procured and every- thing was all set up before I ever went to work for this company. As I said, the major portion of the construction work had already been done. So I really don't know.SG: How much construction was left at the time when you came in?LS: Oh, I'd say they had probably 85 percent complete.SG: What areas were still left undone when you came in?LS: Well, it was just a matter of finishing up. They started in onearea, and I suppose this was all planned that we'd start here andwork to here and that was it. SG: Yeah.LS: And it was a matter of finishing up actually. Completeing the
 LEWIS SMITH tflPAGE 12SG: LS:SG:LS:job.So then the pipes themselves were already laid?Mostly, yeah. As I said, probably 85 percent of it was done atthe time I come in with this company.Well, Mr. Smith, do you remember what areas that you still hadleft to lay the pipe when you came in?No, I don't really because at that time I was kept right in the office on detail work pushing to get house piping done and the meters set, and that sort of thing. The district manager here at that time was in charge of that, and I really didn't get out into the field very much at all.In terms of price, now, for gas, is it about the same here as itis throughout the state? Or is it a little less, little .more?Uh, it'.s a little higher than Salt Lake. But, there again, you're talking a volume that we don't have. But comparatively, as faras the El Paso line itself is concerned, from here to the Pacific Northwest, we have one of the cheapest rates in any town in thewhole system. Our rate is even a little bit less than Cortez right over here in Colorado. And our rate, with the exception of one minor change, I believe, in 1958 which didn't amount to--itwouldn't affect the ordinary home owner, our rates have not changed since 1956. This is one thing that you got no inflation. You're still buying natural gas at the same price you paid for it in 1956.SG:LS:
 LEWISSMITH # 1 P AGE 13SG: LS: SG:LS:You're not one of the people they can blame then?N o,---?---.What was the work force when you first came in here? How many people were working out of the office? Do you remember?Well, we had only one girl in the office at the time and myself, the district manager, and we had about five, I think, five or six service men. So that would only be about--oh, I'd say about ten employees at the maximum. Of course, construction work was all done by a construction company. You couldn't count that as-- Yeah, I understand that.In other words, they were not on our gas company payroll. This was a contract work.About how many people work for you now?SG: LS:SG:LS: Well, we have six of us here: three servicemen, the two girls,and myself. And then we have one girl in the office and on part-time emergency man in M onticello.SG: Do you have any trouble recruiting workers for you?LS: Not particularlyi no. No.SG: I guess the road conditions haven't affected you too much then? LS: No, this highway through town was completed shortly after I movedhere. It used to wind around through town. Highway 160 that goes on up onto--they were in the process of building that when I firstmoved to Moab, and it was completed shortly after I came here. SG: And yet you don't really serve the outlying areas, so you don't
 LEWIS SMITH #1 PAGE 14LS:have to worry about some of these side roads at all?No, no. A line that goes down to TGS, if we had a major break in that line, it could be a problem. But we have a portable motor and so forth, so that we could transport across the river and then with four wheel drive vehicles get in to take care of any- thing. We have had no problems whatsoever since we laid that line.That line came in after you were already here?Yes. That's correct. That line was put in in 1963.Is that the biggest line that's come in since--?That's correct.Have there been any other lines that have been laid down?Yeah, there was an extension made in Arches National Monument to take care of the complex out there. But that was just a little quarter-inch line that didn't amount to too much. And it's tied right on to the El Paso line out here in the Monument and piped on into all of the houses and your visiting center and your util- ity buildings, and so on.SG: LS: SG: LS: SG: LS:SG: Th~se were the only two lines since '56?LS: That's correct. We've made a few extensions, short extensionsinto the-- SG: Yeah.LS: If a guy builds fou~ or five homes here and adds onto a subdivis- ion or something. Nothing to amount to anything.
 LEWIS SMITH I l l PAGE 15SG: Yeah, I understand that. Well, how is the government of the city of Moab itself? How has been their treatment been to you?LS: Very good. Very, very good. We have no complaints whatsoever. We get along very well. In fact, their service crews that are working on our water lines and sewer lines and that sort of thing are very careful with our gas lines. If they happen to perforate one of them, they just call me, and I tell them to take care of whatever needs to be done to it. Ordinarily, they seldom ever pull one out, or break it completely in two because they are aware of it. And our relations have been such that is a guy did tear one out, we certainly don't try to crucify him for it or anything else. We say, "Well, this is the breaks of the game," and we go and fix it, and this really helps because they know that you're not going to get rough with them even if they perfor- ate. And it is important that if they do perforate it that we go treat it and wrap it so that it won't bust. All of this under- ground piping is wrapped piping to keep it from rust and corro- sion. Otherwise, within a matter of ten, fifteen years, you'd have leaks all over the place. Have to protect.it.SG: And how long is this piping supposed to last?LS: Indefinitely. And we just recently--well, about the first of theyear, we put catalytic protection which is an electrolysis process on the lines. Any bare places that we don't know about which have started to corrode will be stopped, and future corrosion will be
 LEWIS SMITH #1 PAGE 16stopped, and future corrosion will be prevented. As I just said, we just started shortly after the first of the year. It'ssupposed to add another forty years to the life of the pipe. Of course, that's what the guy who sells itcsays. What it'll actually do, you don't really know. It's been proven to be very satis- factory. In fact, El Paso has it around this big twenty-six inch line all the way from Ignacio to Seattle, Washington.SG: So then, it couldn't be too---?---?LS: ---?--- up there. Yeah. It's been pretty well proven. It's good.Got a good investment.SG: Have your relations with Monticello also been good?LS: Oh yeah. Yeah, we don't have any problems with the city there atall. There again, occasionally they got in trouble with one ofour lines. When they do, if we don't have a crew working down in that area, why, our crew just drops everything and away we go and take care of it. If they just perforate it, why, then our emergen- cy man there in Monticello will take care of it. But if they tear one out, why, we just drop everything and go. But usually he gets there and puts a plug in it to slow down the flow and that sortof thing until we get there and permanently repair it.SG: Do you know what percentage Monticello uses of the total gas used in this area?LS: No, I don't have any idea.SG: Have any idea of what the yearly volume used down in this area is?
 LEWIS SMITH #1 PAGE 17LS: SG: LS: SG: LS: SG: LS:No, as I said, I don't have those figures. I wouldn't know. Well, I think that's pretty much it then.Uh huh.Okay, well, thank you.W ell, you're sure welcome.Is there anything else that you can think of?No, the only other thing that I could think of is way back when Atlas Minerals was a uranium production company and was totally owned by Charles Steen. Natural gas was in and waiting when they completed the mill in 1956, they have used it ever since. Of course, a good industrial load is always a big factor on whether or not it's worth while to come into a town.because industrial load is where you make your money due to the volume that they use. In fact, as I said, Monticello would not have gotten natural gas if there hadn't been a uranium mill there at the time. This was the controlling factor on whether or not natural gas went intoMonticello.And that's why, say, you didn't go as far as Blanding because they didn't have--?That's right. We have surveyed Blanding several times and the cost would be too great to take it down there. In other words, ifwe piped it down to Blanding, in order to come out all right, our rate would have to be higher than they are presently paying for propane. And how could you sell it?SG:LS:
 LEWIS SMITH # 1PAGE 18SG: Right.LS: We sell a few on the convenience of the thing like they're nevergoing to run out, and this is it.SG: So in other words, the home owners themselves don't produce enoughvolume by themselves.?LS: Well, ordinarily not in a small town. Of course, your industryhas--the fact that we got TGS probably has some bearing on the fact that we haven't had to have rate increases in over fourteen years because power has gone up between two and three times. Salt Lake City has had two or three increases, Grand Junction has had an increase, and I'm not sure what Cortez had. So the fact that they've got these industries are a major factor in keeping these rates down.SG: So, say if TGS was to close down completely, the odds would be that there would be an increase?LS: It would be altogether possible that we would have to apply to the Public Service Commission to go in for raised rates, yes.SG: So, it benefits the city in many ways then to have--?LS: Oh, yes, certainly. Gas rate, if TGS were to close down, theypaid some $300,000 in personal property taxes last year. You cansee what that might do to the economic rate.SG: Right. Do you have any idea of what the gas company itself paysin taxes. to Grand County?LS: No, as I said. There again, this all handled from the central
 LEWIS SMITH #1 PAGE 19office. I don't know.SG: So you wouldn't have any--you couldn't even make an estimate on it? LS: No. No, I'd hate to venture a guess and then be way out.SG: Okay, then, thank you very much, sir.LS: Y ou're sure welcome.