 SHEFTON AND ROXELLA GORDONEast Carbon, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project No. 5April 1, 1982American West Center University of UtahMarriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDONAPRIL1 ,1 9 8 2Table of ContentsFamily and Background Information . Medical Care in Hiawatha Transportation in HiawathaDairy Business in HiawathaHiawatha Days .Hiawatha Mine Personnel Hunting and Fishing Days Dad's Experience as Sheriff .Jobs in Hiawatha1911 14 17 25 28 36
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON [SHEFTON AND ROXELLA GORDON] IN EAST CARBON, UTAH ON APRIL 1, 1982. THE INTERVIEWER IS NANCY TANIGUCHI. THIS IS FOR THE CARBON COUNTYCOAL MINE ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.NT:RG:We're going to talk about what it was like to live in the coal camp Hiawatha.I was about twelve years old when we went to Hiawatha in January, I think it was 1917. I was in the 7th Grade. At first it was quite hard, you know, to adjust from Emery County to Carbon County because they didn't have the same curriculum. I was behind a little so I had to study really hard to learn English. I did, you know, it's just about the same as anywhere else. We marched in two by two and went into the gym and did calisthenics the same andthen we used to do our homework.Did you go two by two, two girls together?Usually. Take hold of hands, you know. They don't that anymore, but I think that we were more ready for class work after the teacher had taken us through some exercis- es.You were in the old big brick schoolhouse in Hiawatha? Yes. I think it had only been open about a year when I went there. It was moved.Yes.Before that they had gone in a different rock building up at the East Hiawatha and down in the railroad town. Then they built that one and it was new when I went there. Everything was new, new sewing machines and new every-NT: RG:NT: RG:NT: RG:
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 thing.NT: Oh, how nice.RG: So it was nice.Nt: Where did you come from over in Emery County?RG: Here.NT: What did your dad do?RG: He was a farmer and we had, raised truck garden and weNT: RG: NT: RG:had orchards. It's a family tradition. It was way back in Vermont, it's a family tradition to plant trees and be a horticulturist. Then he doctored the animals around the county--pulled the jeep and so forth.Really?In Emery County he had been raised down in Wayne County.What's your dad's name?Joseph Dehaana. He was born in Rothville and they lived in Zion Park but his grandfather named Zion Park. We have a history of that. But, anyway, then when he was 17 they went to Fairview and Grandpa started in the fruit business, found a section of land, so when his children grew up they divided it up into different parts so that the boys could have, each have a part. And that's where we had ours. And they all had, most of them had fruit trees.Why did he come up to Hiawatha?My brother went on a mission. After the First World WarNT: RG:2
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 and money was scarce and they had to have cash so he couldn't trade for things the way we used to do. Take your butter and eggs to the store and get cold milk, the way we used to do. And so we came up. First he went to Mohrland and then over to Hiawatha and so we went overNT: RG:there so that he could earn cash to send to my brother in England.how long were you in Mohrland?We didn't go to Mohrland, the family, he did. But I stayed there, oh, it was only a few months. He changed over to Hiawatha and he moved first to Greektown. We had a little house in Greektown between January and then April we moved into a bigger house down in Hiawatha. What did your mom do while he was in Mohrland?Well, we took care of things at home and took care of the children and sometimes you'd have to help milk the cows, things of that sort and then they sold a lot of that and they left my brother, my oldest brother and my sister there to care for her while and then they went ---?--- How many brothers and sisters do you have and what are their ages, basically?I had nine sisters and three brothers, there are eleven of us still alive. My oldest sister will be eighty-four the 12th of this month.That's wonderful .NT: RG:NT:RG:NT:3
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982RG:NT: RG: NT:RG:NT: RG:I had one brother killed in the mine, or injured, fatally and he died in three days. So there were a lot of us. And you were in the middle?In the middle.So when your parents left the farm, they left the older children there?The two that were in high school. There was no high school in Hiawatha.Oh.And they were in high school. The others were married and we were never all home at the same time. Mother had her children far enough apart that we were never all home at one time. And I don't ever remember them all being home at one time. But we had a good life in the valley.What did your dad do at Hiawatha?He worked in the mine for awhile but that was when they had to walk to work, go up the hill and walk in. They didn't have transportation.Was that over toward Emery County, the King Mine? As you come in?It's the one that, yes, that was on the south portal where the tram went, the tram went up that way. Then they had to buy their own powder and light and you know, those carbide lights and walk home. They didn't have the conveniences that miners have now. When we did live inNT: RG:NT:RG:4
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 the valley he also had mines, coal mines.NT: RG:Which valley are you talking about?Ferrin. He had one in Rock Canyon, one at Birch Creek, and one on the Horn Mountain. In the wintertime that's what he did was, he and my uncle. From over you way. Uncle Press Walland, that's what they did until they had to leave. When the government put so much royalty on the tonnage of coal that they mined which was very profit- able.Was that during WW I or later?It was just after. Because I don't think that they knew that they had to pay royalty and they got behind. Or something, anyway, I can't remember just about how they did that.How did he get his mines down by Ferrin?He prospected and I guess he had to file a claim and go through the process, you know.How did he learn to mine?I don't know. He just learned that. The first mine I think he had was up in Birch Creek, that's up almost to the Narrows where, what they call the Narrows, and that was really good coal. So much resin in it that it was hard. It was really good coal but they came to a fault and had to vent that one and they had one over in Rock Canyon which is quite a lot farther away from home. AndNT: RG:NT: RG:NT: RG:5
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 then the last one he had was up on the Horn, you know. Really my brother's account in the history that I'm at, he said they could see [it] when they dumped the coal down, you know. They would bring it out and they would have something that would stop the car in the chute and the coal would go down the chute into the wagons. The wagons of coal came to be loaded and they could see the dust from Ferrin. They needed the money with all of usand so we left and I was the oldest by then.NT: How many brothers and sisters did you have to take careof?RG: Ah, let's see four. Of course, they worked in the churchboth of them, and mother was Relief Society President. In those days it was a lot different than it is now. They had to take care of the sick and they had to lay out the dead and make the clothes. We had one man, Neils Christe- nsen, that made the caskets and they would cover those caskets with velvet, brocade of velvet, and line them and sit up with the dead and that sort of thing. I was left to do a lot of the work at home, come home from school. And then I left and went away to school in Salt Lake. I went one year out of high school down here, my senior year.NT: Where did you go?RG: To Carbon. I didn't want to go back where I was acquaint-6
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 ed but that was the year our pictures, those things, those school buses, the buss and all. I have lots of pictures.NT: Do you really? I'd love to see them later on. RG: That was the first year that had the buses. NT: So they got you ever day on the bus?RG: Nick Karas and Nick Galanos.NT: Were the bus drivers?RG: It was their bus, they bought the bus an we paid so muchmoney to ride it. Two of us rode on it from our family. It was fun, it was a lot nicer bus than they have now.NT: Oh, really? (Chuckle)RG: Really. It was really a lot nicer. But we had sleighrides and hiked and had picnics and did the same thing that other people do. But I remember having to help mother a great deal because she was busy.NT: What did you do around the house? I know that may sound silly but times have changed so much that I don't know.RG: Well, I helped with the washing. I made bread. I made gallons of soup and I think we would make about eight loves of bread every other day because we had a neighbor from Ferrin that lived with us. He didn't like the hotel so he lived with us and there were lunch buckets to fix.NT: When did you have to fix them, early in the morning? RG: Early in the morning?7
 MR.NT: RG: NT: RG:NT: RG: NT: RG: NT: RG:NT:RG: NT: RG:NT: RG: NT: RG: NT: RG:AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 What time did you get up?Oh, about 4:30 or Sam.Oh, gee.And fix the 1unches and they'd go to work and then we had to meet the bus about 7:30.Yes.We didn't have too much time.What time did you get home?About 4:30 or SpmDid you have homework after that?Lots of homework. I didn't have it too hard because much English and history I had already had in Salt Lake. And English class was repetition of what I had already had. So you were in Salt Lake, before you went to CarbonCounty?Yes.Did you board up there?I stayed with my sister and worked in the store after school.What store?Two of them. They had one on 8th Ave. and one on 4th Ave. What kind of store?Grocery store and meat market.What were the names of them?Oh, I don't know. 4th Ave. Grocery was one. And then one8
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 on 8th Ave and 8th East. I don't know if we had a name on it, Young's Market I guess. But I would run that, get home from school and run that until 9:00 when they closedit. We had a bell, when the door opened and I looked after their little children and get dinner and then when they closed the big store, they didn't keep it open as late as we did, their little one down on 8th East and then they would come home. Usually I got dinner and took care of the business there. Lots of work.NT: Did you ever have any free time?RG: Once in a while I would go to a football game or some-thing at the school, not often. I did get to go tochurch, MIA. I was in plays and that sort of thing. NT: That's nice.RG: Always, at the beginning. But we had a good life in Hiawatha.NT: Was there a company doctor there? RG: Yes, there was a company doctor. NT: But did he take care of the sick? RG: Oh, yes.NT: Who was he?RG: When we first went there it was Pendleton. Then we hadHarden and Lemmon and Needles. I don't remember them all. NT: But they did have a hospital there, didn't they?RG: A little. At first they had delivered the babies there.9
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 NT: At the hospital?RG: At the hospital, it had two or three wings and then ofcourse they would ---?--- but they always took the injured, the mine injured you know, and sometimes the doctors would go to the mine.NT : Y e s .RG: When there was an accident.NT: RG: SG: NT: RG: NT: RG:SG: RG:NT: RG: NT:RG: SG: NT:Why did they stop delivering babies at the hospital? I really don't know.[Just coming in] Hello, how are you?Just fine.We had them at home.When did they stop having them at the hospital?I don't remember. When did they ever stop having babies at the hospital?What hospital?In Hiawatha. They only took the people that had complica- tions, I think. Most deliveries were at home.Sure, did the doctor come to the house then, or did the? Two of ours were born at home.What kind of transportation was there in and out of Hiawatha before you had the bus?Cars.A stage line.There was a stage line too? 10
 MRe AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 SG: They used to run a stage line up--RG: A stage line, yes.SG: Any passengers that wanted to go could ride on it.RG: SG: SG:RG:SG:Who else besides Loftus, Nick, the two Nicks.Griffis.Yes, Burt Griffis. [inaudible] What do they call that ---?-------?--- But before they had much of that they had a little narrow gauge railroad and they had one coach with an engine.No, it wasn't narrow gauge, it was standard gauge, it went right on the regular tracks, but it was on a--RG: Well, it only had one coach.SG: The first it was a car or a engine with two coaches on,one for the mail and one for passengers.RG: Well, I rode in the passenger train. First train ride Iever had, I rode in that to Mohrland and back.SG: Went to Mohrland and over to Hiawatha and Wattis.RG: And they went to Castle Gate.SG: Or Gordon Creek.RG: They went to Castle Gate and then to Price. A lot ofpeople would do that on the weekends. NT: Did you ever go shopping in Price? RG: Yes.NT: Very often?11
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 RG: No, about once a month.SG: They cars would go down maybe once a week.RG: Payday.SG: Payday was twice a month.NT: When did you get cars up here?RG: Oh land, they had cars when we came up here.SG:NT: SG:RG: SG:RG:NT: RG:SG: RG:Of course, I can remember we were living in Mohrland about 1918 or 1919 and the first cars there was the 4 cylinder Buick.That was a nice car wasn't it?The old one. Had the ---?--- they call it, you could roll down or you could roll it up and we kept it up all the time.It had glass windows.Curtains, which were gone in the wintertime, they called them curtains ---?--- kind of like snaps, you know, --- ?---Our fist one was a Dodge, a car like that. But while we were there we always had a car.You did? How often did your family go back to Ferrin? Oh, all the holidays, and we'd go visit my grandparents. That sort of thing. It was cold in those years.No heaters.Nothing. You would put quilts on and boy we would freeze in the winter.12
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 SG: Heat rocks to keep warm.NT: Mr. Gordon, where are you from, from Mohrland originally?SG: I was born in Huntington and then when I was about four my folks went to Mohrland and I lived in Mohrland until I was about fourteen.NT: What was your dad doing before in Huntington?SG: He was trying to farm, and had cattle but wasn't success- ful. So he went to Mohrland for jobs for cash money. In those days you couldn't get any cash money. His farmwasn't the best ---?---NT: What was his name?SG: George Edward Gordon.NT: When he went to work at Mohrland, what did he do?SG: Oh, he worked at the mine and then he got an infection inhis ear and he had to have an operation. After the operation he worked on the outside on where they dumped the refuse, the rock, the dry rock and they'd bring the rock up the mine corridor and then he'd dump the cars and they a little mule, they'd hitch the mule onto the cars and drive them and take them on over to --?--- he'd have to turn and put the chain on the car and then come down and get the end up out of the cars and ---?--- like that and all the rock would fall out.NT: Yes. How would he get the car back up?SG: Go on the other end and pull it down and drag it on the13
 MR.RG:NT:SG:AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 track.Tell her about when you were delivering milk.Oh, did you do that?We had, in those days there weren't any dairies. When we first went there my folks had six to eight milk cows so we took those along with us and milked the cows in the morning. My brother and I would take it up to what we called Greektown, up towards the mine where (inaudible) then the ---?--- Greek, and Italians lived in the Millerton and the Japs lived up on the hill on the Millerton and we'd take that milk up there on the horse, two quart jar, well one quart or two quart. These houses had boxes out on the front porch. We'd milk the cows again at night. My sister and I would take it down into the ---?--- and deliver it to customers down there.In a wagon.In a wagon. (Chuckle)Was this at Mohrland?That was at Mohrland, yes.But they had a dairy by the time I went to Hiawatha.So when the diary come in they were up on McCallister. What did you do with them?Sold them. We kept ---?--- my dad got a timber contract ---?--- mine props for the mine. Worked up there about four years, my dad and my brother.RG: SG: NT: SG: RG: SG: NT: SG:14
 MR.AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 How old were you when you did that?About ten. Nine, I guess it was.What year did you come to Mohrland?NT:SG:NT:SG:NT: They were still driving the tunnel then.SG: Driving the rock tunnel. Bring the shipment of the coal,1940 to 1943.had a rock coal came in there and you had to drive through it to get to the coal on the other side. That tunnel is still there. It was there when I started working the mines.NT: Oh gee. Why did you leave Mohrland and go to Highland? SG: Oh, the coal business was slumping. There was one company that had four mines, there was one in Mohrland, one inHiawatha, one in East Hiawatha, and one at West Hiawatha. So they decided to close one and Mohrland was the farthest one out and I guess they had to close it. They transferred, well they laid off some of those fellows and others transferred but there was no families coming to Hiawatha, and West Hiawatha, so I got transferred to Hiawatha.NT: So what year did you go to Hiawatha?SG: 1942. Is that it?RG: I don't remember. But I know by that time they had builtthe new houses because when we lived here in 1923 I think we had to wait for the houses because they were building15
 MR.NT:SG:RG:SG: RG:SG: RG:AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1982 a lot of new ones in 1923, a lot of new houses. It was nice to have a house.Oh, I bet. Do you know who built them? Did they just bring in a--Yes, there was a contractor that built them. They came in Mohrland and it took a year or two before they closed down. They had a contractor come in to do the Amusement Hall and they had contractors come in and do that.They had the Amusement Hall over at Hiawatha and all those things.Yes, that's what it was for.And the church was new. Then during the war they took the church back and they housed some of the men in it.That was World War II.In World War II. I think, and then after the war was over, they deeded it to the church. But I can remember the biggest Boy Scout deals, you know, where and ban- quets, and the mothers would all get together and they would put lines of tables in that big Amusement Hall and everyone would go. It would cost so much and that's how they made the money. The churches, there were two or three churches and they would work together for all the different holidays like Christmas and the 4th of July. They would work together and have celebrations and we would have them sometimes down on the ball park where16
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1982 they have a lot of races and the ball game.SG: They used to have a Hiawatha Day.NT: Oh really.SG: Yes, they had a Hiawatha Day, a weekend day and we wouldhave ball games, races, plays, and everything.RG: We used to have stock companies come, you know, that well, I don't know about your folks, but my folks alwayssaw to it that we got anything educational or musical, you know. And we always got to go to the plays that those stock companies would bring.SG: We didn't have time, we all had to work. (Chuckle)RG: It was really nice; I loved that.NT: Do you remember what any of the plays were about?RG: No. We'd have hypnotists and so forth, you know. I can'tremember the plays. I was in a lot of plays.SG: I remember those fellows that would put black on theirface and make them Negroes.RG: Oh you mean the Minstrel shows.NT: Was it the company that brought them in?RG: No, I think they just engaged.SG: Oh, some of them would come in and they charged so muchfor going to the admission and then others, I think they had a deal where each employee, they withheld a dollar a month out of their paycheck, what was called the Welfare Fund, and the Welfare Fund was, I think in Mohrland it17
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 was three shows a week and two of them were pay shows and then one on Friday was a welfare show and everybody gotto go to that. RG: We had dances.SG: And they would have dances on Saturday night and about two dances a month.NT:SG:NT: SG:Do you remember, did they have any boxing or prize fighting?Oh yes. We had an off season pass. What did they use to call that? It started with little kids.Oh really.What did they call that, I can't remember. Anyway, they had that and then they would graduate up to where the men would box. I remember in Mohrland we had one Negro fellow and he was supposed to be one of the best boxers, and he was a pretty good boxer too.Huh. So he would mine during the day and box at night?(Laughter)It was just maybe once a year that they would have that. Did they have that all the time you were living there? No, it kind of faded out. People got automobiles and tools and come down in Price and transportation was better and they could go to Price to do their shopping and went down to Price and stayed and went to school at night.NT:SG: NT: SG:18
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 RG: Well the Welfare, there weren't as many people livinghere and they didn't have as much money.SG: At Christmas time they would come around to the house andbobsled was a team wasn't it? ---?---They would each get a sack of candy and a sack of nuts and some kind of a present. The girls got dolls and I can't remember what the boys got.RG: I think Camille got something.NT: What years was this that they did that?RG: Oh, from 1922.SG: It was 1919 to, the early one was 1914 when we first wentthere, heck, to 1922.NT: Did you have that experience too in Hiawatha? RG: Yes.NT: Probably was there for most of it.RG: Well, I left when I went off to school.END OF SIDE ONENT: Therell Jensen worked at what branch?RG: Millerton Dairy branch. And he was starting to courtBonnnie then and they went together all along. He deliv- ered milk. They had, at first they had a little, what would you call that, like a bread wagon, and they would deliver the milk all around town and that's how he met Bonnie.SG: Each house.19
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 RG: But Bonnie and her twin brother and sister and I use to have kind of a little Combo. We sang and they played andwe entertained all over, you know. It was lots of fun. NT: So you sang.RG: Oh we sang, yes, all through.SG: She sang all her life .RG: First year I went to school .NT: What instruments did they play in the combo?RG:NT: RG:NT: RG: NT: RG:They played the mandolin and the piano, that's what we had. Melvin played the mandolin and Bonnie played the piano and Melvin Ayres sang and we were almost insulted if we weren't invited to.What kinds of things did you sing at?Dances, all the programs, that sort of thing that they had.At the Amusement Hall there?Oh, lots of times Church.At school too.At school, oh yes, we did the plays. I remember the first year, I was in the 8th Grade that year, and I got the main part as Rosalile in Polished Pebbles, and that wasa lot of fun. With Time Simmons as Uncle-what was his name in Polished Pebbles?---7---I think so. Dorothy Mansell was the mother of the stuck-NT: RG:20
 MR.NT: RG: NT: RG:NT: RG:AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 up girls. (Laughter)Who directed it? Was it your teacher?Oh, Nita Hatcher.Was she the teacher?Yes. She was very talented. She's in a rest home in Ferrin now, a very very talented woman. She taught dancing, piano, she taught me and all three of our girls. She meant a lot to our house.Did she originally come over from Ferrin?No she was from Coalville. When she had to have a highschool education and her six months or a year or whatever they had to have in the Normal. She came there to teach and there she met--I think she went to Mohrland first, didn't she?I don't remember.And there she met Dick. Her name was Redden and she met Dick and they were married. They had two children. One of her children is a supervisor in the surgical wing in St. Marks.Here is part of a picture of the town. Here is a picture of the Amusement Hall and a picture of the orchestra. That was Emery County wasn't it?Yes. I haven't had a chance to really look at it.Oh, you should see it, it's nice.Sit down.SG: RG:SG:RG: NT: RG: SG:21
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 RG: Well move over so she can.SG: I moved over.RG: She's a little wider than she used to be. (Chuckle)SG: This is the hotel and this is the Amusement Hall. This is the place where the hotel operator stayed and there is the hospital (inaudible) .RG: You know, I don't think we have a picture of the tipple.SG: RG: SG:It's right there.I mean of the tipple in Hiawatha.Oh, this is Mohrland we're talking about. Here's the oldwhen they first opened it. Some folks would have stayed there, working there for ---?--- opened it up. If they would stayed there I would have been the first kid born there. (Chuckle) But it was back to ---?--- and I was born there. Here's part of the town.Do you have a lot of pictures of Hiawatha?No.Have you taken a picture of that dough boy there by the Amusement Hall?Yes.Because I can't remember who put it there.I don't know either, but someone told me that Jim Young at the college would have that information.---7---But there's some--RG: NT: RG:NT: RG: NT:SG: RG:22
 MR.SG:NT:SG:RG:NT:SG:NT: RG:NT: RG:NT: RG: SG: RG: SG:AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 This down here was bowling alley ---?---- dance hall --- ?---Did the same folks that opened up Mohrland also have to do with opening Hiawatha, the same company?The same company, but it wasn't the same people. It tells you all about it. In 19--Bartlett, wasn't he one of them at West Hiawatha, Mr. Bartlett?Okay. William and Irvin A. Howard opened up the coal mine.That's when it first opened. And then this (Inaudible) took their initials M-o-h-r and then they got the name like Mohrland.That's interesting. What did your dad do at Hiawatha? Worked in the mine for a while and then the other budy, there was Buck Orr who was the superintendent.Buck Orr?Yes. They fished and hunted and all of that together and so when they needed a new sheriff they made him the sheriff and he was sheriff for quite a long while.When did he start and when did he finish?Oh dear. When did we go to Climax?1934.He finished then.He wasn't sheriff then. He had to go back into the mines,23
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 remember?RG: Yes, it was the depression then and he must have worked in the mine about a couple of years or so.NT: How did he know the superintendent, from before, or did he meet him at Hiawatha?RG: At Hiawatha I think, if I remember right. And there used to be a lot of personnel come out from Salt Lake and Boston. The main office was in Boston and they'd come out there and want to go hunting and fishing and there was a store keeper in Ferrin by the name of Morris Singleton-- if you know anything about Sam, that's his son. He would load the wagon with all the groceries and all of that and take the tents up the way they'd go up to Ferrin Canyon, up the reservoir and those places where they would hunt and fish.called them. And they had a good time out there. I remember Morris telling me things about Dad after Dad was gone, you know, and all they would do when they would go hunting and fishing. That was how he got acquainted with Buck was through the sports. And Mr. Getsman, the dentist that use to be in Price, he was one of the first den- tists.NT: Who made the arrangements for the personnel that came out 24For the people that owned Hiawatha?NT:RG: For the personnel that came out, Buck officials as we
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 to go down to Ferrin to go hunting and fishing?RG: Well, I guess Morris and Dad did it. As far as I know, I think they did. Morris was really good with things like that too. But there are some other interesting things like when they had the tug of war, the Japanese. I was through high school then and I was working in their confectionery. And there was a young Japanese man by the name of Dan Imai and he was working here and he had afamily in Japan. He wasn't an old Japanese. I don't know the circumstances exactly around what they had it. He had a disagreement with one of the other Japanese whose name was Saiki. They called him Saiki, I don't know his real name. He was quite a big man and apparently he was in this country illegally and they got into an argument over one of the women, Japanese up there. They lived in a special part of town, you know. And they had their boarding house, but Saiki had a house of his own. Dan lived at the boarding house and Mrs. Budeaau ran the boarding house, I think, cute little lady. He came in this confectionery just before I went home for dinner and he was really nervous. He kept drinking water and he said he needed to see my dad and it was time for my dad to be home for dinner. So I told dad about it and they had already known that this trouble was going on between these Japanese and so he hurried and went back up. They25
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 called them into the office and they thought they had it all smoothed over and that these fellows could be friends again and they went on up to Jap town side by side and in a little while someone came in and said that they were dead.NT: Both of them.RG: Both of them. And it was dark and right then the lightswent out. I'll never forget it. Well we didn't know what caused the lights all to go out. And of course it frightened us. We didn't know what had gone on, but they had to call the sheriff from Price and they went up there to investigate and then they found that in Saiki's house--he liked things, he liked nice things--and he had Oriental rugs on his floors and nice things. And appar- ently he had invited Dan in when they had reached that far to have a drink of Saki, you know what rice wine they used to drink, and then he shot him. And then went out the side door and crawled under the porch and he shot him more times, he shot five times. Dan used to wear a white sweater, a turtleneck sweater, he was always dressy. And he had that on. And they found him there and then when the officers got up there here was Saki on the front room floor. Dan couldn't kill him, but you know how those Tongs are. And by the time they got there, all of his things had been gone through, any money that he had was26
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 gone. And that's the way they are, and they never did find out who--Had he been shot too?NT: RG:Blood stained his carpet. They tried for a long time and to find who killed Saiki, but they never did. They used to have fights in the taverns, you know, the Greek coffee house and there was a Spanish coffee house too. But it burned down. Then down by the ball park there was a--what would you call that--?A bar. (Laughter)A bar. Alfred Cabell.What about that ---?--- club that was right across the stream from where we used to live?I never knew anything about that.It wasn't there when I was there but there was sure apile of glass when they, someone got a beer and broke the bottle.But Cabells had theirs and they lived in part of that house. And then of course down below town there were a couple of bars.It sounds like a lot of people carried guns too. Or was that just the Japanese that had them or what?Some of them. I think some of them carried guns.I didn't realize that the company let bars operate in the town.SG: RG: SG:RG: SG:RG:NT:RG: NT:27
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982RG: SG: NT:SG:Not right in the center of the town, kind of out.On the outskirts.About what year do you think it was that Saiki and DanImai were killed? 1929.About there. 1929?RG:NT:RG: Might have been 1930, the early part of 1930. Anywayyou're right there because I had finished high school. NT: What other kinds of things did your dad get called on todo as sheriff?RG: Oh, every time anything happened. (Laughter) I remembera drunk coming in there one time and giving us a bad time. There were two of us in there and he was really giving us a bad time.NT: Was this in the confectionery?RG: Yes. And oh, land he was pleading with us and just reallydrunk. Dad came and they got him and he and the marshall got him and took him to the hotel and they couldn't quit him down and so dad took his fist and knocked him out.(Laughter) And they put him to bed and gave him a shot and let him sleep it off.NT: Who was the marshall?RG: Bill Steckleman. Now there's someone--I told you before.Stecky--because she can remember when they were about to 28
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 hang her dad.NT: RG:NT: RG:NT:RG: NT: RG: NT: RG: SG:NT: RG:NT: RG: NT:Oh really.During the war. I'm sure she could tell you about that and I don't know too much about it.Where is she now?She lives in Price. You know Stecky--Wilhemina Steckl- eman.Oh, yes. I'm sorry I never heard her called by another name.Stecky. We called her Bane.Well, I would not call her Bane.When we were in school.Why did they try to hang her father?Because he was a German.And we were at war with the Germans, see and they also hated the Japs during the Second World War.Sure.What did we call it? Where they kept that one down at the hotel during the war? What do you call that? Not like the camps that they had out towards Nevada, but he couldn't go out of town.It was like house arrest, then? The father?No, one of the Japanese.Oh, during World War II. Well, how did he get from being nearly hung to being marshall?29
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 RG: She'll have to tell you. But I remember that about them telling that story. I wasn't there at that time but she would know. She's a little older than I am so she wouldNT: SG: NT: SG:know. And she'd be glad to tell you abut it, I'm sure, if you would call her.How did you two meet?School.Were you in the same class?During 1922 they tried to unionize us, one of these companies that ---?--- entrance to the town clear to the point of the mountain, up on the hill. They had guys camp on the top of the mountains. The union leaders couldn't come over the mountain, come into the town. I lived herein Sunnyside, ---?---tipple(?) on the hill---?--- about halfway up to the ridge ---?--- a square block building, where they had the village up there and they would sit up there in that building ---?--- down in the valley and see if anybody was coming in, beat up on the ---?---.Did they have something like that at Mohrland or Hiawa- tha?Oh no, it couldn't cross the tracks.Couldn't come in, had to have a permit to come in. Had to get a permit to go speak with their family, to come into town .You had to have some kind of an order. I remember myNT:RG: SG:RG:30
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 brother-in-law was a guard down on the railroad track and he went there for Christmas, they lived there. I remember that.NT: Did you need a note to get back in?RG:NT: RG: SG:RG:NT: RG:NT:RG:NT: RG :Everybody did. They stopped everybody at that point. They never allowed negroes to cross the tracks either. Really.No negro could cross the track.We had negroes at Hiawatha, you know a whole colony of them. I went to school with a lot of them in 1925. In Hiawatha, what you call a southerner, an easterner or something, he was a lot ---7--- go into town.No negroes could come in. No prostitutes. I remember my dad having to escort--get rid of some prostitutes.Well, they had gotten in somehow, hadn't they?The Greeks brought them in. I was old enough to know because I was still working in the confectionery and they brought them in there, but they didn't get to stay, out they went.Well, I guess then when you got checked, if the Greek men were bringing them over, what would they say?I don't know how they got the word over to the office. But you could tell they were--Oh you could.W ell, yes. (Laughter) They would--31
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 SP: They have a look about them.RG: They didn't look like they do now. You remember thoseHoover aprons? NT : Y e s .RG: That left. That's what they had on.NT: That's all that they had on?RG: Near as I could see. Don't put that in your story. NT: No. I guess you could tell.RG: They weren't classy like these girls you see on TV. NT: Well, that's all I know about prostitutes.SG: They weren't call girls.RG: No, they weren't bunnies like they have now. And this wasthe first time I'd ever seen anything like that and I wasreally all eyes.NT: Sure. You said your dad also had to quiet down the kidsin the theater? RG: Oh, yes.SG: Had to come over to the matinee and sit with the kids and keep them from being rowdy.RG: And then we got in free, our family got in free to the shows. We saw countless shows.NT: I bet he saw a lot more than ever you did.RG: More than he liked.SG: He had seen all there was, a lot of times too. The fluepidemic of 1918 in Mohrland they closed the school and 32
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 then they had closed it down and they wouldn't let anybody into town, and wouldn't let anybody out of town.---?--- the place they called Tipple Town(?).NT: That's where you lived.SG: They closed the school and we stayed up in Tipple Town,the only place I could go was on up the canyon. I couldn't go down to the store for I don't know how many months.NT: Months.SG: About ---?---.RG: They didn't have school there any more, back then.SG: They didn't have any more school that year.NT: Did they have any problem then, did a lot of people getthe flu in Mohrland?SG: Oh, yes. A lot of people died.RG: Lots of deaths.SG: Every day you heard of somebody died.RG: They couldn't have funerals, they just bury them.SG: ---?--- A rough go.RG: There was a little cemetery down below Hiawatha on thenorth before you get down into East Hiawatha. It was over in that area, it was covered by slag now. That bothers me because there were, I remember people being buried there, babies even and they're all covered up with this slag and but some people, like they do here, would bury their dead33
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 there.NT: Well they had to I guess, particularly during those times wouldn't they?RG: There's nothing else to do. But there were lots of good times. I know our oldest girl likes to think about how much fun it was--the Gold and Green Balls and how we decorated for two weeks on the old Amusement Hall with twisting paper you know and covered the ceilings and the walls and have an orchestra and they were big affairs-- Queen and all of those things.NT: What year were you two married?SG: A long time ago.NT: Come on.RG: It doesn't seem that long ago. 1930.NT: 1930. And then you said you went over to Climax, Colora-do?RG: Well for just a part of the time.NT: SG: NT: SG:NT:SG:In 1934 was it?1935.Why did you go?There was some slack here during the depression ---?--- decided I better do something else. ---?---Isn't it different techniques when you mine hard rock and when you mine coal?Basically. I was lucky I got a job on the outside and34
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1, 1982 then I got another job on the ---?---.NT: How did you hear that there were jobs over there?SG: I didn't hear, went up to Abrial, Colorado first and then I went over there and there was a chance to get a job while I was there but they were ---?--- and somebodythere told us about Colorado.NT: Huh, why was it less?SG: They used what they called an aiding system and theydrilled and drilled ---?--- buried in carloads of powder, all covered up and then they would ---?--- and settle back down and that would be all broken rock and then we would just go off with the rock and take it out of the hill (Inaudible).NT: Gold? Was it gold?SG: Molybdenum.NT: Oh really.SG: Used the flotation process and then they would float thatoff and then put it in barrels, ship it out.NT: Well, how did you even hear about any other possible jobs when were in Hiawatha, just people talking or did theyhave notices put up?SG: No, just what you could hear on the grapevine. It got sobad that you had to do something or else go onto relief. A lot of them just stayed there and went onto relief or whatever they could. It was just a little too crowded I35
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON A P R I L 1 , 1 9 8 2 guess.NT: Yes, but how long did you stay in Climax?SG: Oh, I went there in about February and stayed there untilOctober.NT: And then came back?SG: They called me back to Hiawatha.NT: Oh they did? Who let you know?SG: Her dad, her father.RG: He had plans for him.NT: So what did you do at Hiawatha? I know you probably hada number of jobs, but tell me about them.SG: I was--well, when I first went in the mine in 1927 I went in with my dad hand loading and then I went to school that fall and then when I came back I worked on the tipple for a while and then I went in the mine on the haulage. I worked on the haulage as a nipper a year or soand then I went onto running and operating the motor and I operated the motor for oh, three or four years, I guess and then was the helper on a mechanical shovel. I worked on that and about that time I decided to get my papers and so I got my papers and then I worked just a little while after I got my papers why I went on as a section foreman. I worked as a section foreman from oh that was about 1940 and then 1941.RG: Tell us about the ---?--- can you tell about that. 36
 MR. AND MRS. SHEFTON GORDON APRIL 1 , 1 9 8 2 SG: 1941 I guess it was that the government started hiring instructors and they drafted me down to the college for I don't know a month or so I went to the college and thenI went back to the mine as a mining instructor. Recruit- ing all these fellows from Oklahoma and Arkansas and that got to be my job taking care of those.NT: This was during World War II, right?SG: World War II, I worked as an instructor in the daytimeand then I'd work as a foreman at night.NT: My goodness. You worked all your life haven't you?SG: Yes, that's all I've ever done. After the war I was madethe mine foreman, shift foreman, a little while after that I went on as the general foreman in 1950. See the same company owned the Lark Mine up in Lark, Utah that owned these coal mines. Then they had an incident up there where they had a fire in the mine and five miners were trapped in the mine and they had to take rescue crews up there and it took us thirty days to get those fellows out. They had been there for thirty days. I had about forty men up there at one time.NT: Huh.RG: While he's telling you about that, I have some clippingshere on that.END OF INTERVIEW37