     (/)llJ q       (0 r t f-J á 1"1nllJ1"1tJ 0  nt'Ij   0 (0 llJ  C-22-24 Carbon County Oral History Project FRUGNI. TONYFebruary 17, 1973 - Carbon County, Utah Recorded by K. Tomsic and M. KobeSubjects: Background in Italy, Coming to America,Going to School in America, Prejudice, Mining Exper- iences, Experiences With Unions, Contracting Work, Working in Chicago, Mine Explosion in Rains, Experiences in Mining Camps, Experiences in Latuda, ExperiencesWith Unions, Learning the Language, Prohibitinn Times, Customs, Memorabilia and Customs from Old Country,        W i n e . n llJ   1"1  tJ0 0 t J tO   ( 0 r t Li(0() 1"1"<<! f-JállJ 1"1 llJ   2:"<rt   llJn "< (0 I-'   f-J á m ....J tvrt 0 rt ... tv ::r::sH 0 m  llJ 0 0 (0 f-Já 1"1 m 1"12: n I-<!0  t'Ij   :;d rt qG) ... 2:"< qrt  \.D0 td qr t llJ ::tllJ ::t....J t v 1"1HI f-Já"<'q(0 I-'nr t ( 01"1rtm 0 rtHw .p. "<t'tJ1"10 LJ.(0()rtm  f-Já r t () (0 0"< rt t J llJ (0 ::t1"1 R"l <! f-Já 3: (0 :E:
 TONY FRUGNI Carbon County, UtahAn Interview By K. Tomsic &M. KobeCarbon County Oral History Project Tape Nos. 22 to 24 February 17, 1973American West Center University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Prohibition Times . Tape #3M inorities in Carbon Prohibition .. 45 . 49 . 50 . 54 . 55 . 57 . 66 . 67Table of ContentsFebruary 17, 1973Tape #1Background In Italy . 1 Coming to America . 3 Going to School in American .Prejudice . 13 Mining Experiences.Experiences With Unions (Strikes)Tape #2Contracting Work.Working in Chicago.Mine Explosion in Rains .Experiences in Mining Camps .Experiences in Latuda .Experiences With Unions .Learning the LanguageOld Country CustomsMemorabilia and Customs from Old Country. Making Wine .County.. 73 . 77 . 81 . 86 . 88. 10. 15. 32
 AN INTER VIEW WITH MR. TONY FRUGNI ON FEBRUARY 1 7 ,T H I S I S1 9 7 3 A TTOMSICORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1]KT: Mr. Frugni when were you born? TF: 1898 June the 24th.KT: And where were you born?TF: In Italy.H I S HOME I N P R I C E , U T A H . [ T H E I N T E R V I E W E R SA R E K . COUNTY& M. KOBE AND T H I S I S P ART OF THECARBONKT: What province or city.TF: From Vicenza that is right up to the Alps about fortymiles from Venice.Is that the city or the province?That is the province, I would say Vicenza but I was born in a different town.KT: TF:MTF:TF: She was there--MTF: What do you call this place?TF: Zugliomaama Z-u-g-1-i-o-m-a-a-m-a.MTF: Let me see.TF: (Break) Ah, Zugliano I didn't even understand theWell, he was born in--name of the place I was born for God's sake. ZuglianoZ-u-g-1-i-a-n-o province of Vicenza. AK: Oh, that's neat.MTF: Now, this came from his hometown when he was there these last few months just before Christmas but he was having a party for his friends that he had been with in his young days, so he they just had them in
 TONYFRUGNI # 1there and they and they would paste these pictures all along on paper and I commented on how pretty they were. Now, this means hotel.That's beautiful.It really is.MK:AK:MTF: This is a telephone number and this is his address inZugliano where he was from.MK: How long have you lived in Carbon County?TF: Well, Carbon County off and on I left a little bit. MTF: We've left and we've come back.TF: I been to Carbon County off and on; I've left acouple of times since 1918, the sixth day ofNovember.KT: Can you speak English and Italian?MTF: And Spanish.TF: And a little bit more, some ---?--- when I talk toyour dad, I talk French to your granddad.KT: What kind of job did you used to have in Italy?TF: In Italy I was a miller, I was born a miller, we hada mill, we milled grain and wheat. KT: Was that a good job?TF: A very good job.MTF: Well, he was at the flour mill. TF: A very good job.MTF: They had the mill, you know.2
 TONY FRUGNI # 1TF: My mother's side had a mill and my father's side hadKT:TF:one, they was in that business. So that's what I did from the time I was five or six years old, seven years old. We didn't wait until you're twenty there, you know. As soon as you start to walk they give you a horse and you beat them up with a sack of grain up on top of that hill over there because the wagon is so hard to pull up there, so that's how you do it. Then you get there and it's too heavy for you so you get the lady of the house to help you to unload it.(Laughter)It was a hard life. Did you go to school in Italy at all?I went to school about five years I guess, about five years.What made you decide to come to America?My father.KT:TF:MTF: You might tell them where you went before you went--what made you come?TF: My father made me come to American I started totravel in Germany at the job you know, you do quite a bit of traveling, so we go up to the market and buy grain, buy corn, wheat, and bran for different customers. So I do a lot of traveling around that country and then when I was twelve years old one time3
 TONY FRUGNI # 1a count, he went to Switzerland and Tyrol up in the northern part of Italy and not to far from where we are and I carried the suitcase for him, the fold, is that what you call it? The portfolio?MTF: A portfolio.TF: I carried it for him and we stopped in and lookedaround for awhile in Switzerland so I spent two months with him and he had his buyer and everything, you know he would buy meat from Venice, for Padua,for different cities, he contract this meat for later on you know and that only last a month and then I went back home. I went back home and I worked back in the, oh, back in the milling business. I was not a-- -?--- and when I got thirteen years old I worked in a cotton factory for one year, or almost a year. Then in 1913 I took off, I run away, I went to Germany.MK: Gee, how old were you?MTF: About fourteen years old.TF: I was not fourteen and my dad was in this countrybecause my Dad made trip over here but he never did find out. (Break) Before I was thirteen. Of course my mother knew it and nobody else didn't know it because my dad went into this country and I wrote to my dad many times to send me a ticket, you know, since I was nine or ten old and he wouldn't do it and I don't4
 TONY FRUGNI # 1blame him for it because this country is not - -my country is much better than this country.KT: And he was living in America?TF: Y es.KT: Ah huh.TF: So we went to Yamie Manhein(?) and we got a job upthere and I stayed up there better than a year. I went to schooling down there twice a week and they forced you to school if you're not fifteen, or sixteen, if you are not sixteen they put you to school whether you're Italian or no matter what you are. The guy come and get me one day because I missed one day and he come and got me on the job and he put me to jail for six hours. He said, if I need to go to the toilet or something to push the button. I said,"I got to use the bathroom right now." (Laughter) He didn't answer that button until six o'clock, the man was a spy camp, that was during the Kaiser time, you know. He comes up at let me loose and then next I went to school, I went to school all right, I told him the ---?--- I understand then and I understand good. Then I understand what he's--(Chuckle) Then about the time my father find out I was in Germany and my money wasn't enough to come over here at all. I was getting along there with a fine girl and we5
 TONY FRUGNI # 1decided to follow some kids to become interpreter and guide. Then in German we go up to northern France, Alsace Lorraine with mines where they speak German and French both and picked up their language and then maybe Spain and then go back to Italy and become guide or interpreter. So that my mind was made up--we hire a school teacher at night for four hours, it only last a week because by that time my dad found out he send me a ticket that long, a ticket to herefrom that chair over here from Milan, Italy to Ironbow, Wisconsin and that is where he was working. So I cry for about forty-eight hours and I don't want to leave because I had my mind made up you know. The war was, the war was coming on and my dad understood that better than I did. So he wants to get me out of the country so I came into this country in 1914. I land in New York, no I left Italy on the 22nd day of July and we got stuck in Paris for a few hours because the war was declared; the First World War was declared when I was in France. Then they took us, they put us in the worst train they had, that was the worst ride that I ever had in my life and they put all the men that was called in the army you know, in the other trains and we went down to Le Havre and there was a soldier every hundred foot on each side6
 TONY FRUGNI # 1of the track, you know. I remember that. When we got to Le Havre we couldn't leave for twenty-one days because France, they was afraid to cross the ocean with any boat, do you understand? So I was there for twenty-five days I think and then one day they changed a, they put us in the biggest boat that France had at that time, La France, and we crossed the ocean in five and a half days. They was going, they left two smaller boats The Gicao(?) and The Lockenberg(?), they left early in the morning,smaller boat you know because they sink. They're not going to sink this big boat because ---?--- La France was good for 5,000 people, so overnight that happened while I was fishing, ---?--- in the boat. One morning I get up and I have my string with about, just line and a stick, you know, oh about six to seven feet. The next morning when I get out, hell that water was clear down to a hundred feet because they unload all the boats. They changed, they loaded that boat and sent all the most treasure, the best treasures France had in their country and they send them over to this country evidently because they didn't unload the boat for nothing. So next Monday I get out of the water and I could fish again. We left at 12:30 on Friday and we got here on Wednesday in7
 TONY FRUGNI # 1New York at three o'clock in the afternoon. By the time we unloaded Castle Guard(?) as they call them in those days, Ellis Island they changed the name for it now, it was ---?--- country and I didn't have too many troubles because my dad had the papers made out by the Notary Public here, you know everything that would have happened to me on the trip it had beentaken care of. So when they closed the county then Castle Guard they asked me how old I was and I told him. "Oh" he said, "good, good, they like young men in those days I guess." (Laughter) Then they give you a dollar and you buy a package because you can't speak the language. So you buy a dollar and you give them a dollar and then you get package, so you take the time from that and drive on to Wisconsin and this package is about like a peck, you know what a peck is? You have cracker, cheese, and all kinds of stuff to eat so they take you to your destination but I was young, I was hungry. (Laughter) Well I had a few and I made it last so I got to Ironbow, Wisconsin. I got to Ironbow, Wisconsin and I asked for my dad and I couldn't find him because he had a nickname in this country. I asked for Stanislaus Frugni--- and nobody know him; they call him Tony Whisky. (Laughter)KT: Oh, not anywheres the same. 8
 TONY FRUGNI # 1TF: Nobody know him so finally one countryman of ours hecome from the same town, Malmos(?). Ah, he said, "I know who's boy he is," and so he took me over to the house and they was running a boarding house and they got about ten to twelve kids running around and then they sent for me dad because in the meantime they closed this mine down, they moved them down to Ironwood, Michigan. That is just across the river, you know you're in Wisconsin you know and Michigan come together. So my dad come and get me and I forget one thing though, they serve cracker in the table and I asked those, a kid like you but maybe younger, to give me a little bit of that pastry and they laughedlike hell because it was soda crackers you know. KT: Oh no.MTF: He thought it was pastry.TF: I thought it was pastry and it was soda crackers andthey laughed like hell. Finally my ---?--- and my dad come and then we was down, by the way we had to, then we took this street car to where he was working in Ironwood, Michigan. Then I got there and we started batching, he quit boarding and my dad, uncle, and myself, I was the cook and they put me as cook because there was no jobs to be gotten, there was no job it was hard back then, those days not like the9
 TONY FRUGNI # 1'30 year but oh it was bad. So I cooked for my uncleand my dad and I went to school for about three or four months and then I got tired. I got tired because they put me in the second grade and I was sixteen years old and those kids make a lot of fun out of me, American kids they have haven't got no respect for someone they don't understand. They finally moved me to sixth grade because I had done all right in about a month and those kids sometimes threw pieces of paper at me and one guy at one time was throwing pieces of paper at me on my back and I got out and I didn't care. I went down there and I grabbed him and slapped his face and he was younger. The nuns send them both to school, to Catholic School, he says something to me but I don't know I said, 11 If you don't shut up I'll smash your face, I learned that much anyhow.11 (laughter) Boy, she got nervous, she got nervous and she got her father and the police over and boy, ---?--- but the window was open and I jumped out of the window and that was the end of the school, I didn't want that father to hit me. But I had really learned more with the father because I go to mass every morning and then he spend an hour with me but he could speak Italian when I got through andI couldn't speak much of English because they speak 10
 TONY FRUGNI # 1Latin you know, what's the point. He was good to me, he went out every morning to try to teach me, I've seen him twenty years after when I went back there and he was still alive, he was a French Canadian. Well, I was living here ---?--- but I didn't go toschool anymore. I didn't like Michigan because that was the worst country in the world as far as I'm concerned, the country's cold, a very cold country, muddy, snow, that's the worst part of the United States up in that peninsula out Michigan and Wisconsin that's what they call the peninsula anyhow, ---?--- you're growing and you're growing and you got several mining camps there; copper mining camps and iron mining camps. I don't like that, I asked my dad, I'd said, "So this is America?" And he said, "Yes." I said, "Too bad I haven't got a $106" because a ticket in those days was only $63 from Milan to Ironbow, Wisconsin. Too bad I haven't got $103 to pay you back and I'11 go right back where I come from, I didn't like the country. Now, they like the country but I didn't like the country, we didn't have nothing, you're in the mining camp and the saloon hadn't--- ?--- without a board unless you had to walk in the mine you had no sidewalk. When we go to school in the morning we had a platform and we had to wait for the11
 TONYFRUGNI # 1streetcar and a couple of kids blew away one morning and we had to take them into tailor shop. The blow is cold and you stay there waiting ten to fifteen minutes for a streetcar to come, boy it blew these two kids out of the platform and we take them into the tailor's shop. It was cold country, bad country,I don't like that country now. And I went back two and a half years ago when I went back but I told those people, I happened to be in the winter too, I told those people the country changed a little, I said "The God damn weather hasn't changed any because we gets some of the worst storms that ever dreamed of, we got the worst storm from the Rockies. Then after that I left Michigan and I didn't stay with my dad very long, four to five, maybe seven or eight months and then I got myself a job by working up to the--stayed there about a year and a half and I went to school for about a month and I work about--and then they start the war and they start to pick up, then you could get job but it was iron mining. I was working in the mine about 6,000 feet below sea level, it was below sea level, yes, hot. I said, "If this is12How old were you when you left Michigan?MK:TF: Oh, I was seventeen when we left Michigan and I
 TONY FRUGNI # 1American you can have it." And I meant it! I go backto Europe to my hometown, and do much better in my home town. She was over there, she was in my hometown, we had--! noticed back there before these people ever dreamed of.MTF: I saw the cotton wheel that he talked about.TF: Cotton m ill and paper m ill and we had cobblestone, we had cobblestone, we had sidewalks; today they don'tuse it now because they're small, they walk in the middle of the streets. No, we really had all that anyhow and that was a different country, of course I was--see that hurt me. I left the country there when I was fifteen between Germany--(and I played football a little bit)??? but then I come over here and I don't speak the language so there you are.MTF: Then everyone else hurt you because their they made fun of him.TF: They say you are dumb.KT: Did you met a lot of prejudice when you first came? TF: Huh?KT: Where the people prejudice against you a lot when youfirst came?TF: I think there was too much, yes, because in Germanythe kids didn't make fun. In Germany the kids wouldn't make fun to you they tried to teach you.13
 TONY FRUGNI # 1They make fun to some extent but if you couldn't speak the language they tried to teach you. In this country, I don't know what happened but I had to go home and cook meal and I was playing with a kid and I asked one boy who's name was Finkle. I said, "Tell me what time ---?--- was a girl, she was a big girl for gosh sakes, she was sixteen, seventeen years old but boy she was heavy. I knew she had a wrist watch I guess and I wanted to know what time it is so I gotto ---?--- and boy she slapped me down. (Laughter) MTF: What they did they'd tell him something--TF: She's ---?--- and I got a hold of that kid, I findhim riding in the streetcar track you know and I tell you the conductor had to stop or else I killed that kid. "There is no way." No the American has no respect for foreigners. And I don't see why they should of had more respect for foreigners because we're all foreigners.MTF: Because we're were their culture came. Culture came from Italy and Greece.MK: That's how America was raised when we were young.MTF: If they would know, the culture in the beginning then they would respect the people that brought it toAmerica.TF: And American don't do that.14
 TONY FRUGNI # 1MTF: But I married a Greek first and then I married Mr.Frugni, an Italian, so I know the bitterness that came from the people and Huntington is one of the worst places and still is.KT: Oh yes.MTF: They are not educated enough to know culture anduntil, and I don't know when, and they marry intothose families and have to live with it.KT: The farm people are the people that really madeAmerica, farm culture.MTF: They have to live with these people first and theyhave to get married into them.KT: We knew more about history, the guy right there wehad pictures, ---?--- and stuff that teaches to some extent but that alone you know, but the country is old, ask her.MTF: Well, you walk down the street and you know that it was there before Christ and it makes you very eerie you just wonder how could this be.TF: Well, I left Michigan and I went to Butte, Montana I think, we get a ticket to St. Paul and then in St. Paul we get off the train and they had an agency. They ship you here and they ship you there. So for a dollar and a half they ship me to Arberton, Montana.MTF: Do you know what an agency is? Tell them what an 15
 TONY FRUGNI # 1 agency is?TF: Employment agency where they employ you. So you go down to the agency--MTF: Someone who hires. . . and I' 11 pay you so much for his.KT: Did they do that to you; is that what they did?TF: Yes, but that was in there was a system and it was agood systems as far as that was concerned. MTF: Sometimes.TF: Because I went to St. Paul and I almost ran out of money but I stayed there for two weeks and I wanted to see everything, you know. Pretty soon I ran out of money and they were down in the waterfront, what theycall the waterfront, on the Mississippi and they had this agency. So I asked them if they had any job anyplace. "Yes, we got, we need men up in Montana, we need men here, and we need men there in the section gang to work in the railroad." I didn't care so the most distant in the west was Alberton, Montana which is above Missoula, Montana, but I never got there. When we got toá Butte, Montana which is the biggest mining camp in the world, ---?--- we get off the train. We got three separate ---?--- and we got three ---?--- dollars and we got everything. So when we got to Butte we jump off the train, all of us, nobody was16
 TONY FRUGNI # 1going to section. I don't go for that part of the country, well, these are miners or something you know. So we walked down there, the train there had nobody to take up to that job in the extra, the extra gang that was working the railroad.KT: Hard work.TF: I did it, I did it, I did that ---?--- I had to makeup a large ---?--- to get to the next town. So I got in Butte and in Butte I was too young and I couldn't get a job; I don't get hired. Then I spend the rest of the money in Butte because Butte was the most sporting town in the United States in those days, the biggest mining camp, nine thousand people were there during the First World War and I was seventeen, no, I was sixteen.KT: How old did you have to be?TF: To work in the mine?KT: Uh huh.TF: They can take you when you're twenty to twenty-twobut you had to know somebody and stay there long enough so somebody would take you as a guardian do you understand and I didn't stay there long enough, I didn't have no money.MTF: ---?--- water boy.TF: So I went down to the Arizona Street they got in17
 TONY FRUGNI # 1Butte and they had a bunch of agencies there. So the next shipment the ship goes up in Lionel, Montana andIdaho, the longest tunnel, the Holland Tunnel it is between the state of Idaho and Montana, so we went up there. For a dollar and a half they ship us up there. I don't know I was still green. I bought me a chunk of ham that God damn ham was raw. (Laughter) Yes, can you imagine that, I don't eat until I get up there you know. Oh boy did I have a time with that ham. It was raw, I brought it back. It was my fault, I didn't speak too well. Then I actually finished that job. It was eleven days in 1917 and I made me almost $600 in those days, $2 . 75 cents a day in the tunnel. Of course we worked a lot of overtime, boarding was $21.MTF: Board.TF: Board yes, board and room.MTF: Board and room was?TF: Twenty-one.MTF: Twenty-one dollars a month? And you were getting$2.75 a day?TF: I was getting $2.75 but I would be putting in a lotof overtime, there was no spending there was no women, we was forty to fifty miles from anywhere up inside the mountain, you know. No saloon or no nothing. We had to wash our own clothes and18
 TONY FRUGNI # 1everything and fix our shoes and fix our--we always had something to do when we're not working. Just one time you get off when Christmas come. Christmas come and they took us back to Montana.[END OF SIDE ONE]TF: He was in Michigan and I kept writing. When I wentdown to get a package there was two bottle of I.W. Harper whisky in it. (Laughter) That was a Christmas present, the first Christmas present that I got and the last for a long time I guess. We all got drunk and they took us back to work, I didn't get drunk as the rest of them ---?---. But the saloon those days they had a bar where you would hang your horse you know and we used that mining town with a bunch of little mines around the Saltese, Montana and they had a big pole in the front of the bar but then they got a pole anyhow. They tie their horses there. Boy, about four o'clock in the afternoon in the saloon everybody was passed out (Laughter) like a bunch of- sardines laying down, not me with this ---?---somebody lose their money too. They only had two buildings at that town, three buildings, for all the people that get out; they got two saloons, two sporting houses and a store so they hurried that down and the people come running over from the mining camp19
 TONY FRUGNI # 1you know how we got back out there. I worked that job but by the 11th day of ---?--- I stay at that job until you get finished then I come back to Missoula, Montana. I intended to go to Alaska but they didn't have no arrangements to ship anybody up there that particular time anyhow. So I come down there, thefirst thing I did was send some money to my dad and for all the trouble he has in those days and then I kept the rest of it and I started traveling and I come down to Butte and I still can't get a job. I'm still young so I go down to Bingham, Utah which took me a week because that year they had a lot of snow. We had to stop for two days between Butte and Pocatello, Idaho. My intention was not to go Bingham. It was go to Paris, Idaho because they were building a darn down there at that time and they couldn't get up there because there was too much snow. I come down and ---?--- the sidewalk because it was like this year, a lot of snow and I stayed up there about a week and then finally I went out to Bingham, I got a job in Bingham, like twenty-two years old, but I was twenty years old for five to six years after I come to this country. (Laughter) But I got a job but it was too hard work, too dangerous. I didn't stay too long in any place, I was trying to pick a place that20
 TONY FRUGNI # 1I liked to stay you know. I left Bingham and I went onto Ely and Ely was different because in Ely, Nevada they pay $5.00 a day in those days. It was up a little bit, the war was using, you know. Well, ---?-- - days the seventh day of April 1917 is the first time that they registered to send you from twenty-one to thirty-five. From twenty-one to thirty-five they go to the army. Now, that is a yes and maybe becauseI was underage, that I was not twenty-one. But a friend of mine, the guy we traveled together and we went onto Ely and we were down there for $5.00 a day but hard work though down in Ely, Nevada. I didn't like it, it was too much for me, I couldn't do it because it was so much, I was to young for that, I was nineteen years old. It was really hard work so then I couldn't stay with my buddy too because he changed his name and he went into the army and I haven't registered yet you know. So I left him, I quit at four o'clock. Mr. Young said every time you come down to place, "If you don't do any better you know what you can do." So I said, "I know what I can do. Work like hell ---?---. ---?--- five. So the next day I come down there and it was hard work, I come down and said to Mr. Young, "Give him my time." "Oh no, no, I've put you back with your buddy." Because21
 TONY FRUGNI # 1they were hiring a lot of people and after you worked a couple of weeks there, they put a new man with you to back ---?--- iron mining you know, they was hiring a lot of miners. So, I got all my time. "This is enough for me, give me my time." So I went to the store and I got my time because he had my check, cashed it and everything ---?--- want me to stay andI said, "No." That's because you want to go one place and I want to ---?--- we never stopped anywhere. But he changed his name, he was a fellow from the army but it would be just the same but I didn't wait for him, I left the next morning and went down to Ely and I had a free ride to Palisade he said to no no where did I send a letter?MTF: Colorado?TF: No, no, no, Chefton(?) Nevada, that is where thebranch and then you had the Union Pacific or the Western Pacific, you know. I got there and I got through, I went to Palisade and I got a job there and then they shut that mine down, it was an iron mine. So I went all over the state of Nevada, I went clear down to West Valley, California. I'd stay just to make enough money to go. Then I come back and I come back and I went up to the copper mine just west of Select Desert and I got a job up there, a good job, I22
 TONY FRUGNI # 1worked for Lisser who was a international(?) fellow.I went up there a month or so and make almost $200. They only go up there in the mountains and I got lousy, no, nothing to clean, no wives, you had to go down to the stream and pay fifty cents for a barrel of water up in the mountain. I heard it was lousy but I got lousy too, I had diarrhea and so I quit and I come down to Salt Lake and from Salt Lake I went back to Bingham and it was hard to save money in Bingham because they had a saloon every door and every door they had a sporting house and it was hard in Bingham to save any money. Bingham was the first town in those days, 10,000 miners, that's how big was Bennion, there was people over, people in the hillside, all over. So I didn't stay there and come back to--ah, something happened but I won't tell you that. I come down to Salt Lake and the state of Utah went dry. I think it was the first of August 1917 or it was the first or '15, I can't remember that, but instead---?--- So I said, "What the hell are westaying here, we can't buy a drink or nothing." We went up to Ogden and we do the same thing in Ogden, they were shipping people up to Wyoming from Ogden. They ship people up to Sunrise, Wyoming to the iron mine and now we've paid a dollar and a half and they23
 TONY FRUGNI # 1ship us there on the train but when we got to Granger we didn't--! got tired of the iron mine, I had enough of the iron mine, I'd tried all the others. So in the coal mine, in Kemmerer, Wyoming we'd jump off the train there and let the train go, to hell with it, and then we'd buy a ticket. It was just a little from Granger to Kemmerer you know so we went up to Kemmerer. I stayed up there about a month and a half, oh about a month I guess I'd make couple of hundred bucks in a hurry. I was lucky about getting jobs in those days and I was making good money along with the others I would make good money. So I saved a couple of hundred dollar and I go down in Kemmerer, Wyoming and take the train to, on up to Mackay, Idaho and they had a mining camp up there that I heard quite a bit about it. Well, it didn't work out so I do something else. But I got in Pocatello and I got broke and then I got up the next morning I had my room paid up, no I had my room paid for one more night and I had to eat that day and I had one nickel and I don't know where the overpass is here being in Pocatello. I throw that nickel as far as I could, whothe hell wants a nickel you could buy a cup of coffee with that and that was not enough to stay up on. So I went down to the roadmaster and they got big office,24
 TONY FRUGNI # 1railroad there, you know, Southern Pacific and Rio Grande or Union Pacific rather on the ---?--- line and I went up there and it was about ---?--- that was 1923. I went there and I asked the girl, "Oh, I was not to pleased." She come on and she asks me what I want I said, "I want to see the road master please." So the road master come over there and he said what are you looking for? I'm looking for a job, I had to find a job that day, it was a long day. So he told me, he said, "What nationality are you?" I said, "I'm a Greek." All the same to them, I was an Italian or I was not too clean, not too dressed up. (laughter) So he sent me down to Lava Hot Spring and I worked downthere, so when I got there I find my Italian ---?--- there. I find me a stake and beat the boom stake you know in Idaho. So we drive over there that day but I worked three days because the train went off the track in Bozler, down by Bozler before you get to Hot Springs. Well, I got $7.50 I guess but I quit, paid my board a couple of bucks and I come back to Pocatello after Pocatello I'm broke again. So I had enough money to get to Blackfoot, Idaho . From Blackfoot, I waited for the freight train, they got a little freight train going up there, in those days there were no busses and car like t his . Take25
 TONY FRUGNI # 1passenger car, two passenger car and one freight car. So I get on the freight car and they cover me up with potatoes (Laughter) to get up to Mackay when they got up there I got tired and when I got to Arco which is not too from Mackay I get off and the police come down, no one guy come up and want to meet you and hesaid, "Are you looking for work?" "Yes," I said, "I'm looking for work." He said, "I got a little mine up here if you want to work I'11 give you a job." I said, "All right." Then the police come down and he said, "Did anybody get off that train, did you find anybody." "Yes," he said, "I find this kid here." He started talking with the policeman and they were still talking and taxi go by, happened to go by. Taxi go to Mackay so I took that taxi up to Mackay and when I got there I got a job up in ---?--- Idaho in Mackay district. I worked there a couple of months and I make good money, I make about $770 contract, I made money all the time even at that age. Then I couldn't take it no more, I went back to Butte because Butte is still with me, I can't forget Butte, I don't know why. So I went back to Butte and I went down in one mine and that was in November and I find one guy they hold him up in Diamondville, Wyoming but he was on the same train going to Butte you know. Oh,26
 TONY FRUGNI # 1he was all broke up they steal ---?---. The guy never said a word so I said, "What's the matter, do you have a--I keep buying chocolates every time the newsman comes on you know from the train. I buy chocolates, I buy apple, and I give some to that guy and he never boo. "For God's sake what's a matter, what happened." Yes, he was all beaten up, not a penny. So I started to buy for him too 'till I got to Butte, you know, and when I get to Butte I know whereto go, one Italian place there. Find place to stay but I worked in the mine in two places, Stewart and the Spegletter, too deep and too hot. Oh, it was hot. I went down in my, in the mine in my corduroy suit, my high top shoes and my high socks getting over here, you know. In Butte you don't wear nothing but I won't give up, I went down there and they put me in a place and you couldn't stand it I bet you it was a 130 degrees. I laid down, I put the hose through--- ?--- so that it won't blow up, behind me it won't blow over my head and I laid down there and she died, you know. Pretty soon the boss come and see me dressed up like that and he said, "Why you being herding sheep last?" I said, "Hell, I'm a miner I'm no god damn sheepherder. He says, "You don't look like it, so I ---?--- pull my clothes up." Then he27
 TONY FRUGNI # 1gave me a place and give me a job around the drift but I didn't stay. Then the war was on and you couldn't go anywhere so I worked in an another mine a little bit but it was oh, too hot. Then I worked in a hotel, the biggest hotel there was in Montana, that's where I give a lot of credit, I've learned a lot ofstuff there. The Targhee Hotel in Butte, Montana was the biggest hotel in the town and the sheriff was an Italian and they send for me and I went up there and as yard man I was spot for about, oh a couple of months, then pretty soon the guy was on the store room, they send him into the army, the war was on. So, Mr. Lowell came, he was a ---?--- and he likes me for some reason or another and he put me down in the storeroom and I had it made. I was taking inventory and a lot of other stuff you know. The boys come down from the bar and I give them all the whisky they want and I grab them from down the room and I give them what linen they want and baker come and I give him whatever he want, he needed. They make macaroni and they make stuff like that you know, more Italian and more of European kitchen. I done that for about a year, I learned a lot there, they shared with me, the people were good to me, they teach me, oh they was right good. When the war was over, I happened to be,28
 TONY FRUGNI # 1then I had t o regi ster then I got to be twenty years old, twenty and then they cut the draft down, they cut it from nineteen to twenty-five and then they got me into there and on the nineteenth day of September 1918. I got my questionnaire and everything and I was supposed to leave on the seventeenth day of November. Then eleven days Armistice came and so I never heard any more about it. I didn't go and I never heard no more about it. I know I got drunk that night and thatI got put in jail. I wasn't the only one, they pick up everybody and more people in jail. Then I come down in the morning, I come out from the judge, "Your case is postponed." I had to go back in because my friend--I had a lot of friends--they don't want me to have a lot of fine, they don't want me to pay a big fine you know. So the next morning I come out there at the prison after twenty-four hours and one friend of mine says, "Don't bring the kid to any ---?--- take forever, he don't care." So I couldn't get back in jail. But next morning I come in front of the judge and my friend had lawyer there. There were four or five of us--case dismissed. I didn't wait too long, I wanted to say goodbye to my girlfriend and this friend of mine took me down to Latuda and that was the sixteenth day of December 1918. We went got a29
 TONY FRUGNI # 1job in Latuda but I went to work in Spring Canyon because I knew it was a very small mine. Soon they got the room in Latuda and we quit Canyon and then we went up to, me and my brother-in-law went to Vic Delaney, we went up to Latuda, we were the first to room in that boarding house. Mr. Wood was running the boarding house. I think his boy worked in the post office, he opened a boarding house up there. The--- ?--- we were the first people in there, in Latuda. But then we don't like that, I guess I won't mention you--r don't know do you know, did I? And then I got a telegram from my dad, "Come at once, I want to see you, that was May of '19." So I come off from the mine, the boss says, "You got a telegram." So boy I went out there and my dad says, "Come at once, I want to see you." So I come down and jump in the van and I go clear back to Michigan and he sees me to his dinner bucket, dinner ---?--- one thing about it. SoI had a letter now, I had to take him up to the Immigration Office in Duluth, Minnesota because he don't speak to well, worse than I do. Everybody asking, the commissioner ask me, he says I want to get back and yes was just as good as a no in one ear you know because they were changing the immigration law. Now, everybody was heading off, nobody wanted to30
 TONY FRUGNI # 1go back. I know my Dad he wanted to come back, after you get broke in this country you know. And of courseI, I stayed here in '19 and then I went back to Montana again because here is where I had all my friends, my girl friend and everything. I went out there but the world changed, all my friend because I have fantastic cook, busboy, waiters. I was working in the hotel ---?--- fall into that category you know. Well, they was all gone and I move here and I move there so I went down to Roundup, Montana and I work in the mine down there and I stay fifteen days and after Roundup I work in the coal mine down there and it was a hell of a place to get a job, it was hard to get a job in the public car company it was hard to get a job there, making big money, those guys was making $25 a day in those days. The call wasn't too hard so ---?--- and I was really making money. I never got a digging job, no, try ---?---. I got a company job for about $4 or $5 a day for six hours a day. I don't last long so two months after that I come back in Utah again and back in Latuda again. Of course I move around, I stay through the strike in '22 and then we went up to Raines, Mutual, and all ofthose mining camps .KT: Were you involved in the strike?31
 TONY FRUGNI # 1TF: Huh?KT: Were you involved in a the strike.TF: Oh yes, I was there for seven months and they don'thire me, the wife I had she was outspoken and I guess I was too because I was in the Pit Committee, I was in the Pit Committee when I was nineteen years old.MTF: ---?---MK: What's that?MTF: That's the one that takes complaints to the mineoffice.TF: Up in Latuda and we do anything but we got a weighman. He set up the company and then we had the union working man you know and those cars you know jump from $3,800 up to $4,800 the next day. "No weight on the car," this miser was stealing.MTF: ---?--- because the man they had weighing the coal was cheating them.TF: They didn't weigh it you know, it was all contract work.MTF: After they got a ---?--- why their weight began to vary and they got more money because they were fighting for their right's you know.KT: He was involved in the ---?---MTF: Yes, he was one of the Pit Committees, one of thefirst ones. And when the flag was gone down on many 32
 TONY FRUGNI # 1who were fighting against these people who were fighting for the union and for the better working conditions somebody complained about the flag,somebody was tearing the flag and she grabbed theflag--TF: Then afterwards I was mutual and--MTF: She took the flag. Now, who was it that took flag?TF: I beg your pardon.MTF: Or was it Bianca (?) , who grabbed the flag and saidthat they weren't going to do that to the Americanflag.TF: Oh, that happened in '32 or '33, your grandmotherwill remember that.KT: Was that in Carbon County?TF: Up in Helper. That was after '32 or '33 when finallythey recognized the union. But we all couldn't stand there over the mountain because in Spring Canyon they put guards, they put a tiny ---?--- on ---?--- in those days and you didn't anyhow, they company was running the county. So we go over the hill and then we go down and talk to the Italians but you're in the union you know or whatever we run into. We do some things at Kenilworth and the workers called that Siberia because you couldn't get up in Kenilworth, they called that Siberia, you couldn't go they had33
 TONY FRUGNI # 1guards up there, so they go up ---?--- is?KT: Uh huh.TF: We go up and drop into the local store and we heardthe name. We get a few Italians or a few Austrian or a few something, get them together you know to join the union but you couldn't get in, they had guards and they said there was a quarantine. There was no quarantine.KT: They just kept you in there?TF: Sure, they don't let nobody in.KT: How come?TF: Because they know that you are the union man, you hadto apply for the union. They asked you that, you know that, your grandfather, no, you're grandfather no, you doing that time.KT: Did you ever get arrested or anything for being involved with the Union?TF: No, I was lucky there, they hung the Greek and the Italian at one time in Helper during the strike, they put them in a correl down here but I was lucky that time, I was in there waiting and I was filled up with hay. (Laughter) I went up to Standardville where Louis Herpie(?) built a store up there and he wanted me to go up there and me and Max had been ---?--- but you've probably read about it. We went up there and34
 TONY FRUGNI #1worked and helped to build a store but in order to go up there one morning they stopped everybody because they killed, they shot ---?--- when the train come out of the tunnel, you know that tunnel up there in Helper?KT: Yes.TF: That provisional farm, I guess they was more--provisional farm, more provisions now, that farm had more strike over there at that time because a bunch of scabs they come from Corral, you know they come from Mexico, they come from Mexico and they took them to the sugar factory, the sugar factory is hell you know and they took them up to Martin and then up to Spring Canyon so this guy finds out and went to see the train come through full of scabs and we go down to ---?--- for six to seven months, you know, or for five to six months and they don't like that too well. Somebody took up a shot and they got High Pocket Louie(?), he was the superintendent of Standardville and they got him in the knees.[END OF TAPE #1]35
 [ T H I S I S AN INTER VIEW WITH MR. TONY FRUGNI ON FEBRUARY 1 7 ,1 9 7 3 A T H I SHOME I N P R I C E , KOBE AND T H I SUT AH. THE INTER VIEWERS ARE K . I S P ART OF THE CARBON COUNTYTOMSIC & M.ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #2]TF: And they had to stay in jail for a long time and two of them serve in jail, I guess they found them guilty about shooting this ---?---, you know, but two Greeks got blamed for it but I think one got seven years.KT: What did you do while you went on strike for that long, did you just get another job?TF: No, you couldn't--! got a job over there for awhile, with Louis Seppi, but you couldn't find a job usually you know---?---.KT: How did you live? T. F. credit!TF: You got it. Yes, I told her yesterday the only thingthey gave me, the United Mine Workers, the only thing they give me is two dollar and one dime and I'm glad today that I took it and I paid plenty into the United Mine Workers. I told you yesterday, I worked like hell, I took this three dollars, pay you Rolando up there use a Mutual Mere they had a grocery there and ah, there was Saccomano who had a store right there where the beer joint is there, he's above the- --?--- way and then you ---?--- started a store up there, you know there was Bryner and then somebody had a store, Mary Lopez I think at that time it was Mary Lopez, they took the store but I never had no
 TONY FRUGNI #2trouble, I just go down and get what I want. We was better then ever because we had more time to eat.(Laughter) I got three dollars for all the work I did.KT: From the Union you mean, they only gave you three dollars?TF: At one time they gave more than three dollars and I happened to be downtown there where they had an office back of Liberty and the whole dealer was there in the Litizette Building. So they come up there and they give me three dollars that month and that's it and I hate like hell that I got it. That was the onlyI ever got money from anybody and I paid plenty of money, you know I'm out of work and I work for them on the committee and organizing, not me but letting Mrs. ---?--- planning. Rosie Posy, I ask Louie Kosec1 if she's still around and she was here1 yes. They started a parade and they started--they closed the Spring Canyon road and they wanted the pickets of Spring Canyon to be on the road you know. This Rosie Posies she's a Russian girl, I don't know what happened to her1 I ask Louie if he'd remember and Louie remembered. I would remember her too but I haven't seen her around. And she took the Americanflag and my late wife she come from Europe and they 37
 TONY FRUGNI #2went through their war and they knew everything about that stuff, she was more smarter than we are. Shetold them, she said, "What are you taking the flag for?" They said, "Well, if we have the American flag they respect us and they will let us through." She said, "Your American flag will be in pieces that's what will happen to your American Flag."------------ -----------?----------------------------------------- ----------------The militia was here at the time. They tore out that flag and she decided to take it to the track in front of Rosie Posey and she won't give it up and the militia men pull and that flag went into pieces. See, I told you what happened to that flag. (Laughter) That flag went over to the far corners of Mrs. Fisher's lawn. And boy, my wife got it all that time, they throw tear gas you know and gosh she jump up there and she comes around there and she was crying, and everything. But that was later that was the last time there in the '30s.MTF: His wife was trying to protect the flag.TF: She was trying to protect the flag and she gotgassed, they threw gas and they make them cry, yes. MK: Gosh.TF: My wife told them she said, "That flag don't mean nothing." Did you see what happened to that flag and38
 TONY FRUGNI #2it happened and that got bad news for business the militia tried to grab the flag and tried to send those people back and this Rosie she won't give up the flag so Mr. Puso tore that flag to pieces and they throw it over the fence. Mrs Frugni knew that what happened in Italy you know after the First World War, she knew what happened to the flag and they don't care for the flag, in those days this country was wrong and they are wrong like that now. If you close your eyes on the union now and Utah Fuel they own this country, those unions and Utah Fuel goes and everything goes even if you're an officer. I know onetime I was this meeting in 1919 and that was the first time was proposed a strike and we had a fellow by the name of McClenna in Pueblo and he was suppose to have been the president although we were not organized but we get our views from him. Frank Bonacci and I think it was Frank Bonacci they had a little office in top of the bank in Helper. So he comes down and we was there and we got a telegram to go and send the men back to work and I think that still I believe that telegram was sent by Utah Fuel. Do you understand?KT: Uhhuh.TF: So I had to go from Spring Canyon from Latuda clear39
 TONY FRUGNI # 2up to Mutual and send them all back to work and some of the miners like Sandy's daddy here they took thetools out from the mine, you know it was a strike you see. Then we had to go back and tell them all to go back to work and I still do believe that the telegram was sent by Utah Fuel and not by Mr. McClenna in Pueblo.KT: You mean the men were on strike and a telegram was received.TF: Well, we was supposed to strike on that Saturday not to go back to work but then the people in the committee like me and ---?--- who was ah, Bill Knight. We come down to the meeting down to the bank and when we got there we find this telegram to send all the men back to work that there is no strike, so we sent them all back to work and I still believe the telegram comes from Utah Fuel and that was back in 1919.MTF: Well, what happened was it good or bad that they went back?TF: Half of the miners at that time I was working in 1919, I was working in Latuda yes but half the miners took the tools off the place, they took the tools outside, you know.MTF: Did they get what they wanted? 40
 TONY FRUGNI # 2TF: Because there was going to be strike. Then on Mondaymorning they had to bring the tools back and set up, otherwise they get fired. I know I was the last man hired in '22 and it took me seven months to get a job and the reason I got a job is because I have a friend and he was my driver and he got a mining paper you know, and he become the foreman up there in Rains. I went up there and he give me a job, there was four or five of us. He gave me a job and then when I come down to the office he bring me on and he's still here and Mr. Glaney he was the health clerk up there and Brig was his assistant. He give me a job okay and everything and I come down there and then a man by the name of Tusker, I think, a job man and he look at me and he look at that slip and he tore them up, no job for me. So I had to come down here and I went to work at the Hard Scrabble Mine where the Diamentis is now. I got four or five in there six or seven days and then this friend of mine call me up and he said, "You come down tomorrow, you come up tomorrow because Mrs. Tucker is going down in Castle Valley,' that is what they called Emery County, 'you are going to go down and buy horses, so you better get up here and I'll give you a job again." So I went up there that day and then Mr. Tucker was not there and then I went41
 TONY FRUGNI # 2and brought Leon and Lenny and they okayed the slip and I went to work. My wife was, I think she was quite to blame for quite a bit too because when we was in Latuda we had our first daughter in 1921 or'22, she was born the fourteenth day of February and we spent $15.00 to fix up that house before she had that child and $15.00 in those days was a lot of money you know, company house but $15.00 was our money. We had a painter up there one time and he done a good job. Then with Mr. Schultz, he was superintendent of Latuda, and he come down with Mr.(you know Frank Lopez(?) in Helper), his dad, he was a gunman man and a dirty one too.KT: He was what kind of a man?MTF: Tony, ---?---TF: Ah, I shouldn't mention his name anyhow.MTF: Well, he was a gunman, he was a cop.TF: He was a guard for the mine you know. When they told,he come in and told me to go to work or move out of the house, my wife don't understand that too well. She just spent $15.00 to clean up that house, you know, she worked like hell too to clean up the house you know. So as soon as I told her that what he said, she went up there and Mattie Skriner. She's the one that married the ---?--- she's still alive, she's in42
 TONY FRUGNI # 2California now. "Come on down, let's go let's go." So Bianca went and she grabbed old man Schultz by the neck and she called him all kinds of names and she slapped him and she was only one that had any guts but then the rest of them if they got caught they would run home but she went on and called him all kinds of names.MTF: But they wouldn't give him work after---?---.TF: You either move or get out of the house, you know. MTF: Probably instigated this. When he asked for a jobthey said, "Well, no I don't want a job." They didn't want to get involved. She wasn't afraid of him, she was out to speak her piece and she was right.TF: Oh, she was a Union--MTF: And they didn't want that kind of people around.MK: They didn't want them to have children.MTF: They wanted someone ---?---TF: Oh she told him off, she told them off. But then youcouldn't stay up there anyhow, we stayed a couple of more months but then all the scabs come up there and down to Emery County, a guy from Emery County to New what? They come up there with a plow in their way and they tell you to plow the coal off the mine with the plow, you know. So I had a ---?--- around me and it'sstill somewhere around here and you couldn't stay up 43
 TONY FRUGNI # 2there with those scabs but you could talk to them. I move out and I'm moving the worst holiday in Helper for ---?--- and move out, we all move out of the camp. I couldn't stay there, because he would never come back and tell me to move out of the house. I stayed there until April 1st, April, May, and June. I think I move down on the first day of July, that's three months but who could stay up there with a bunch of scabs around? I couldn't stay.KT: Did they break the strike then, that way?FT: Well, let's say they did to some extent but then Roosevelt, that's how we got them that time, we went back to work about three--got the same as Easternwhere they organize, we got the same pay as they did, Utah come up to that but we never got recognized. Oh, we keep organizing, just the same, you know. Sometime we meet in Latuda and we have no hall, we meet on the side of the road and that's how you had to do it to meet for the union.KT: Did you have to meet in secret?FT: Oh yes, you had to meet in secret sure because, oh,not too secret for me because I didn't care what happened, I was never worried about that. But we meet in the dark between Standard and Latuda, there in the rocks you know, we go up there and hold our meeting.44
 TONY FRUGNI # 2And you couldn't hold the meeting in town. But then Mr. Schultz, he was good enough, he give us the old wash house up there, if they had any more use they would build a new wash house for the Japs, they had a bunch of Japs up there. Oh, after that strike I nevercould get a job back in Latuda. I go up and no man could give me a job and I went down to Schultz and no job and that old man ---?--- and they had that, that guy around here who use to go down, he got to be foreman up there, he sent for me, he was in Helper- --?--- I never worked a single job, I never, I always take contracting and I make money or else and he sent for me. So I go up there two or three times and he sent for me. So some friends from Latuda wanted me to go up there and take a contract and do something. I come down, he give me a job and old man Schultz don't give me a job, he never did give me a job. So one time I told him that I was making that up, I was up in Mutual and Rains and I was making $5 to $6 a month, I was contracting at that time, I didn't work just like anybody else I work. Since I was twenty-two years old I took my own contract and I cut my own coal and I pulled my own coal out of the mine and we pulled it. We don't need no mechanic. We don't need no wire man to put up our wire, we don't45
 TONY FRUGNI # 2need no pump man, I do it all. I do it all, so I get what I want out of it and I don't think there was any man that got more money than I got out of it. I got a dollar and ten cents a ton and in those days that was good money and that was all the work, we don't ask---?--- that was not done, it was during why we shop and it was in ---?--- time you know so we laid the track and we extend the wiring and we move the pump and we do all the work. We had really no time, it was done in a time that you had to wait for something or the other anyhow. So I got a good contracts, I made money up in the mine, up in Mutual I made a lot of money. I've been doing the contracting in the mine and in old Standard I've been two thousand dollars and take care of my family in five months and take care of my family first class so there was money in those days. Still be quite a lot of money and that's what we were getting. My wife she run the boarding house up there and that helped some but we also took out bunk house for $30 a month and that help some and we made that much every month, I never stayed too long. When I quit making money on the mine I take off and that's the reason I got trouble now because all the mines I work they are all cause black lung I quit the mine and I got trouble in my stomach. It was what46
 FRUGNI # 2your grandfather had and your grandmother told me, asI remember. My stomach has been bothering me for years and years and years and they come down they find a black spot in my lung now they don't find no black spot, I don't know, I know I've still got something. Because that was the season. The old Martin Mines broke, went haywire, Mutual went haywire, Rains went haywire, and Latuda shut out and went haywire and they were the mine that I worked the most. I worked in Standard, I worked a little bit in Spring Canyon, oh, I got plenty witness that remembered me working here in the mine, you know but I didn't stay to long in one place, when I quit making money I go somewhere else. I either make five or six dollars a month or the hell with it. A lot of people stay up there for two dollars a month, stay up in the camp but I won't do it, I move all the time. I move my family eleven times in eighteen months.Gosh.job they always got up, the foreman got up for me most time, all the time and then I come up and I open up my own mine you know and then I open up my own mine up here in Castle Gate.MTF: Because he started one in the Uintah Basin. 47TONYKT:TF: Make money or go and then when I had to look for a
 TONY FRUGNI # 2TF: Castle Gate, the Peacock Mine, I opened up that mine. MTF: But as you're going past the plant you take off tothe right up on the hill.TF: Yes, I had my own mine up there but it belong to-- MTF: Bolt Mine in California.TF: I had a gold mine in Arizona, I try a lot of stuff. Iwent down there to pick up a sample bunch of dust in the bag and then I took the select and when I junk ore I pick it up in the gold dump, the 9016 dump. I took that to Blackie Nixon in Select for $70 to $80 a ton boy, (boy, it was full of ivory) . Then when I come back from Select Fosca, my daughter, they was making mud pies with the rest of the dust samples you know.KT: Ah, mud pies.TF: They was making mud pies with the rest of the samplesbecause I had plenty of it. I took a fine sample up there, a good sample. But I went up there and opened up that mine down there, and promoted that mine down there but it didn't work out. My wife blamed the panners more than I do because they still working around there for gold. There was a big wash. They took seven million dollars out of that wash in West Arizona close to, about twenty-two miles from Blye, California. But we didn't do it ---?--- what I wanted48
 TONY FRUGNI # 2to do it was never done so that's how it happened. Then in '24 I made money and before your people come, I went to Chicago with the intention of running a business but I was lucky when I got there I got a job, I went to work for Ford and everybody yelled because in Chicago it was still hard time. I got job in a new plant from Ford at $5.00 a day and $6.00 after sixty days, you know. But right now what I went over there for, is that I went in business, so I knew quite a few people in Chicago and I had my sister there and everything and I pick the place of business and I buy it. I went down early in the morning, Ithink for $1,200 and it was cheap because they had so much wine, you know, they run it 1ike a boarding house. They boarded together, you know but then when they was--as I was giving the money to the boss, he introduced me to somebody, a little guy. I think he- --?--- a man, so I still hesitated a minute or two and I said, "Tell me again, what is the name of that fellow?" And he told me, what did he do, he say, "Oh, he come around here every week, maybe two or three times a week and see what you're doing and then every Monday he come and they give you fifteen to thirty- five, seventy-five. "For what?" He said, "Oh, for protection so you can be ready for stuff like that."49
 TONY FRUGNI # 2I said, "For what!" I said, "Yes, we do the work and the lifts you here (organized crime) get the money."(laughter) I come back to Utah right now and this is the time when your people, you find your people in Rains. So I went home and I wrote a letter to this friend of mine that was up there your dad know him, your grandfather know him. He was the mine foreman, the superintendent. I told him that Chicago was no place for a miner, a coal miner. He never answered, pretty soon in two weeks he send me a telegram to come at once, I'll take care of you. So I sold the furniture, sold the furniture as best I could and we come back to Rains but I didn't tend to go to work for Rains because the day they got here, Rains exploded. ---?--- So I went up there with a guy. I come in that morning and I stay in the Canyon Hotel with a bunch of friends, I got all drunk, they got me all drunk and they hadn't seen me for some time, I was gone five to six months I guess. Then I went to bed and about five o'clock they come and knocked the door, "Hey Tony, hey Tony." They ask me when I go to work. I said, "Why?11 So I can find any place and maybe go to Rains you know. "The mine you're suppose to work exploded." That was stepfather and a bunch of officers and some of them still up there. He went up50
 TONY FRUGNI #2to see the mine and I hide myself, I didn't want to see Mr. Rains, you know, they have a 155 men without a job and only five people got killed. But the next morning the bakery man from Spring Canyon, I was in Helper doing something. He said, "Tony come on, in Spring Canyon, I'11 give you a ride." So I went up with him and then up to Rains and I hide myself behind a tree because I don't want Mr. Rains, the superintendent, or the mine foreman I knew them all good you know, I don't want them to see me. Pretty soon Mr. Maley, he was a good American and he see me and boy he come over, he come over there in back of that tree and got me out and he said, "You go down to the store and get yourself a pair of boots and you go in that mine right now." So I did and I ---?--- because the mine was still dangerous you know. So he let the mule down at first through the nineteen shafts up there and we let this mule down in ---?--- and we pick it up and we load them up in a bunch of Bradish and when they went down, that shaft wascrooked ---?--- boy we got him down there anyhow. Then we got a bunch of canaries in cage you know and I stopped what we had, when the canary lowered his head I bit him.MTF: That's what they use to do, they carried a canary in 51
 TONY FRUGNI # 2the mine to test the air.KT: Why did you put the mule down then?TF: Oh, we had to, we had to have a mule to drag some ofthe stuff around. Course we had fresh air there in the shaft, and where the shaft was we had fresh air you know coming up, we had a little fresh air 'till the mule was in ride down there.MTF: Did you see how they lifted that elk up into Scofield?TF: Well, we do a good job, we took a bunch of ---?----- -------------------------?--------------------- back and then we pull the wheel up there and we go down to the shafts anyhow, ------------?--------- mule. Then, ---?--- the superintendent told Mr. Manly at that time told me to pick my own men up there, he said, "Pick yourself whatever you want." So I picked elevenmen and myself and that's all. Then I went inside and I knew the mine very well and we took hoses and get the pump going you know little by little and then we take all these hoses we wash all the walls inside the mine until then, we got the rib cleaned and we wipe the dust off, you know, wipe all the dust off 'till we got back in shape. We got them back in shape only to the main entrance, they couldn't make it, they was not doing too good, they couldn't get ahead to open52
 TONY FRUGNI # 2up the main entrance you know and Mr. Cornish, you know ---?--- Cornish--KT: Mr. who?TF: Cornish. He was father-in-law to Ernest Tosow. Heworked outside and then they had another inside so the boss call me one morning and we were there in the shed and he said, "Pick yourself--Tony," he said, "Go up there and see what can be done with that main entry. I went out there and it was dangerous, boy it was dangerous, oh. They had two men there working, gosh they couldn't work. I say I told you, I come back down and say, "it wasn't--[END OF T APE]--come down and then come back. Then one week we hada thing outside but the lady didn't have enough help you know, I got the best men they had up there, a bunch of oh, one was Young Cornish is still up there and ---?--- husband is that Matt Biondich.MTF: Biondich.TF: I picked the best men there was, big men, so two menworked and two men--what's the man some went up and down and they grab them back you know and soon they had enough room--they had two men with their stuff there in the back and we put a top on it, so they were ---?--- we had a whole lot of ---?--- no time.53
 TONY FRUGNI # 2We just had to pull and then we start to use the rope.MTF: Is there anything you want from Standard from there, anything special?KT: Just the sort of things about how the camps were, you lived in the camps didn't you, in some of the mining camps?I lived where?TF: KT:TF:KT: TF:You lived up in Spring Canyon mining camps, some of them?I lived in Spring Canyon, I live in Latuda, I live in Standard, I live in Mutual, old Martin Mine.Well, were there a lot of different nationalities? Well, maybe I'm wasting your time I don't know what you're asking, tell me.MTF: What they want to know is did you live in any of these camps?TF: Oh yes, I lived in all of them, I tell you I moved my family eleven times in eighteen months. (Chuckle)KT: Did you met a lot of different people.TF: Oh God, I knew more people from Latuda and I knew allthe A ustrian people by name, the Biondich, theKarcichi, and the Skriners.MTF: Say them slower and maybe--TF: The Caviagnis, the Garavaglia's, George Garavaglia,54
 TONY FRUGNI # 2he was up there. Oh gosh, I met people from all over the country, Woods. There were not too many Americans in those days that come into those camp, they took life easier, they let the immigrants open up the mine and work like hell, they was ---?---.KT: Did all these different nationalities get along good? TF: Beg your pardon.KT: Did everyone get along pretty good, all thenationalities?TF: Latuda was like home to everybody, Latuda was likehome, that was one of the best camps I ever worked in because there was a good mix in Latuda. We had about, oh going back we had about ten to twelve family of Yugoslavs, you know, and we had about the same amount of family Italian maybe one more or two. We had old man Marshetti running the store, Young Bottino running the pool hall, and we had only two Greek families and we had no Mexicans in those days, there was none around and we had the Woods, we had a few Americans but we got along good, very good, I thinkthat was the best camp that I ever worked in the mine and the mine itself was one of the best mines I ever worked. Mr. Latuda he come out once in a while and Mr. Pico they come out once in a while, and Mr. Cameron they come out once in a while. You know, you55
 TONY FRUGNI #2just open out the mine and you open on the 17th, I think. And every time we break the record maybe a 100 ton and they would give us a turkey, they was good that way, you know. They kind of entice you to work. But it was nice. Old man Goodhart was a good man, but Ruth like me and my brother-in-law worked he said, "Who's teaching you that?" My brother-in-law quick. "What are you paying me for?" Boy, he doesn't know what the hell and there was a lot of work like that and one month I put in twenty-one shifts company time and I never lost loading my coal but Mr. Goodhart come and he says well, "How much company time do you got." Well, I said, "A couple of days,---?---." He said, "Who did the work me or you." I said, "I did the work." He said, "Then you should know how much time you put in." So after he said that I doubled everything, I doubled everything. If I used ten to fifteen feet of fuse I put twenty and if I had two sticks of powder I put four, what the hell.(Laughter) Well, it was fast work too you had to do it, you know, the coal was low and I had to shoot in the knees so the horse go buy or the mule whatever we had, so he make me do that.MTF: This here book says that Butch Cassidy slept in Spring Canyon.56
 TONY FRUGNI #2TF: Oh yes. Maybe they sleep as many places that ButchCassidy has. No, Latuda was a very good camp, very good camp, we got along fine. There was no trouble with the strike of 1922, some stayed out there working, you know, and then even back in '33 some of the guys stayed out working, you know, but that don't set very good because we are not fighting because they call us a bunch of--they call me a Communist, a Bolshevik in those days. They tell us they blame us and down in Price I come in with the guys and in Emery County they go down and preach that we was going to overthrow the United States Government, to take the country over, we were Communists we were pigs. All kinds, we was looking for a better living conditions, that's all, who care about a country as 1ong as we can make a good 1iving, you know. Sure, the miners were in there for four or five dollars a day for God's sake and that is not bad if you work every day but you do not work every day you work three or four months during the winter and then in the summer you work two or three days, how can you live? That's not enough money. So we took the wagesfrom six something that we brought out to operate during the '22 strike and we got more from our coal, a bit more from our coal. So then of course in 193357
 TONY FRUGNI #2or '34 in the Roosevelt years, you should give us a union, he gave us a union but Carbon County didn't fight much for them because we were fighting at that time me and your people, your grandfather, and Tucson, we were fighting for that National Miner's Union ---?--- we were fighting for that Union because they got a different union, the United Miner's Worker you know and after we got it straightened out with Mutual we got Mutual to recognize the Union and that was in '34 though and that is when I quit the mine.So we got organized in Mutual and I didn't get home until two o'clock and I had trouble with the machine. I count nine places that night and I couldn't startuntil four o'clock by the time I got up there and back I was in the Rainbow up there. I was running that too. I got back two o'clock, two-thirty and washed myself and monkeying around and I didn't go to bed I don't think I went to bed before a quarter to four. Then I get up, somebody wake me up at five o'clock, at 5:30 and it's daylight from the back porch of the Rainbow up there and I looked out there and there was eleven deputies deputized oh, there was Peacock the sheriff and the sheriff, no, the sheriff was not there, old man Duncan, old Bill Tillo, and oh I can't remember the names, I don't care because they58
 TONY FRUGNI #2were there with a gun. Green, Charlie Green. Charlie Green was from the National Miner's Union, you know.KT: Charlie Green?TF: Y es.MTF: Green or Guwin?TF: Guwin. I think it was Guwin.TF: G-w-y-n-n? He was sent down here by the NationalMiner's Union from ---?--- you know and I think that was a bit more radical than the United Miner's Worker. So they tried to stay in my place up there and he stayed but he didn't move around a lot, so that morning they thought I had him in the house, he sleep there that night and wake me up at five o'clock in the morning and there was eleven gunman.KT: Gosh. (Laughter) That's something to wake up to.TF: I was so damn tired and I didn't get back at four o'clock in the morning you know, five o'clock I hadto get up and look at those guys down there and say, "What the hell are you looking for." They said is, "Charlie Gwynn 1i ving here. " I said, "No, he' s nothere."MTF: Bill Lyons.TF: Bill Lyon was one, yes. There was a gun, boy they eleven around the building .MTF: ---?--- tried to get the union pension ---?--- 59
 TONY FRUGNI # 2 because I know.TF: Of course my late wife she was too outspoken for the Union, you know. They thought maybe we would keep him. Yeah, he stayed there a couple of nights, yes but he had to move around because the county was after him, county hell, Utah Fuel.MTF: They had a hard time those people.TF: Oh county too because ---?--- was up there. ---?---then they went up to ---?--- Creek they raised hell up there an they sure did mistreat those boys up there, they would tell them off in the banking(?) classes and they would kick him down the canyon and- - - ? - - - work you know. They do more shopping in Carbon Creek Canyon I think than they did up in Spring Canyon.KT: Too bad they don't tell people more about this stuff. TF: Huh.KT: It's too bad they don't tell people more about thisstuff.TF: Well, I already knew that. Now in Spring Canyon a lotof things happen there.MTF: I remember when they either had to buy a StudebakerCar. TF: Oh yes.MTF: You had to have your son living in the boarding 60
 TONY FRUGNI # 2house, even if you lived in your home--KT: That was here?MTF: That was in Colombia, Utah and you had to buyyour food from scrip, from the store from thecompany store.TF: Ah well, they got a ---?--- from that.MTF: And you had to give a Christmas present to Mr. Harveyand if you didn't do these things--TF: You'd get fired.MTF: Then when they first came from the old country herethese agents said, this is fine but there were some of them that were sold if they didn't do what they told them to or didn't give them a certain percentage back then they didn't have a job and still we don't know all of the things.TF: I remember when Colombia ---?--- because we started working at the age of twenty-two and I knew old man Rains, I knew what kind of a guy he is but then they shortly opened up that mine and Harvey got to be the mine foreman or the superintendent. If you didn't have a Studebaker and he was in Cahoots with a--MTF: Do you know Norma, Mrs. Phillips, she's the daughter of the man that owns the studebaker garage. Mrs. Pat Hillas it's her father, what was her name before?TF: Oh, he was all right with me, he was a-- 61
 TONY FRUGNI # 2MTF: Was his first name Harry?TF: Harry--well, he had the agency for Studebaker and heand Harvey are getting together I guess and he said, "If you don't drive a Studebaker you can not work in Colombia."KT: That takes the cake.TF: You could not work in Colombia.KT: So everybody drove Studebakers then?MTF: Oh yes. Did you remember the great big boardinghouses that were down in Colombia? KT: No, I don't.MTF: Well, they had a boarding house for the Slavs that 1ive here, a motel part of it and the Japs were putting in ---?--- and they hired Japs before the war broke out and they donated money all the time, a percentage plus every Christmas why they gave a great bit gift.TF: Yes, it was like $75.00.MTF: It was across from the motel they call Utah--thebiggest motel up here.TF: The Mission, the Mission.MTF: The Mission Motel, that brick house across the streetwas given to Mr. Harvey by that Japanese and he used to live there and then owned a heating plant and a swimming pool. Well, he decided he needed the heating62
 TONY FRUGNI # 2plant for his motel that he was building, so he takes it from the men and puts it down here and brings the men down and has this record of working in the mine and makes them work down here and he built this motel down here.TF: Well, that never cost Harvey nothing, he bring the help from Colombia, he bring the men from Colombia, and he bring the material from Colombia, he charged the company, he was smart, you know what I mean, he never paid nothing for that motel.MTF: We still have a thousand dollars of money that the men put in the bank and it's still in the bank and those men went to Scofield and they had a little deal up there and they could use that so he went up there and got all of that extra stuff that they could make. He just confiscated everything he could from the men and they were under--he was just like a Czar and if you didn't then you didn't work.KT: And that's why they started the union.TF: Of course in those days ---?--- too.MTF: Well, we went down the street because they sent us aletter, you either buy your merchandise from the F. M. Anselma store because he had something special with Anselmo or so we had to move out. But when they went on strike and presented a letter and all these63
 TONY FRUGNI # 2men were fighting for their rights again then they were able to get back in and they came back from Colombia.KT: Do you have, did you keep any of these letters or anything at all?MTF: No, I have no letters, I have nothing.TF: Arian Stuard(?) they put him formally in Standard andhis brother open up that mine and he send the men outto open up Rains for himself.MTF: What was Joe Harvey to Mr. Hubbard he was the--TF: He was the superintendent, Stan Harvey's son is stillhere.MTF: This is Stanley Harvey's son, just Stanley and Billwas the son okay. Well, this is the grandson but he was president and he was superintendent of the Colombia Mine.TF: He was also there in Horse Canyon, wasn't he? MTF: 1924 I think that it was opened.TF: Weren't they in Horse Canyon there.MTF: Yes.TF: Ah, the kid was all right though.MTF: This is the town as you saw it before it was ever---?--- and this is over the mountain. This is before anything was ever torn down and now there is nothing there. They must have been getting ready to go in and64
 TONY FRUGNI # 2as of last morning, this is the way they went in the mines. After a while they covered this up so the coal--TF: Oh, that was the years after that .MTF: They didn't used to have them covered up though.TF: Oh yes, when they were making a new tomb.KT: I've heard that name ---?---MTF: Well, it's probably their grandfather. Here is thetipple. I went up in that tipple clear to the top and I've never been in the runs that close to the mine in all the years that I've been there, this man now has a strike, Mr. Turnball, he was boss of the tipple.Mr. McCourt--TF: Oh, they all come in their pj's like me in themorning.MTF: This here is Frank Mezek, Irene Mezek's husband.TF: Oh those days, they said that they were going to comeover and they had to, they would come over here and they would take this job and they had to go or until they learn the language a little bit and they really think that we are dumb but we are not so damn dumb. The only trouble is that we got a little different way of living to some extent and we don't speak the language and they think we are dumb for sure. They let us speak the language and when we learn to speak65
 TONY FRUGNI #2a little bit then I don't take my time finding anybody and I didn't ---?--- time I quit or I don't spend a lot of time, I don't take anything from anybody.KT: Did you have a hard time learning the language.TF: I had a hard time because I was one of them the first time, I went to school and everything but I didn't---?--- it's too hard.KT: I was told that they use to have what they call theAmericanization Club or something that Mr. Ruggeristarted, where you ever in that? TF: A Mr. Ruggeri.KT: Ah huh, Henry Ruggeri.TF: No, I don't remember that at all. I never think aboutit or everything ---?--- been isolated there. But the language, I didn't like it because I didn't like the country to start with you know, I didn't want to stay here at all but when the war broke out I had no choice, the war is ---?---. I didn't go back there and make just as good as ---?--- I can do just as good back there in my home country of course now this is my country too, I have been in America here for longer than you .KT: Really. Well, would you still rather live back in Italy even now?66
 TONY FRUGNI # 2TF: Well, that was the place that I was born dear, Istill got a sister back there and you never forget acountry that you was born in.MTF: But would you rather live there, she asks?TF:No, you can't under the circumstances, you can't do it now because the system has changed over there too and of course now there are many things involved too but it's not bad to live back there in this American District everyday and that you can't do you have to speak English or Spanish, the vatican now, the ---?-- - too, three days we spent around there and Rome. In the train we speak English and went down to Naples went down to Sorrento, and went down to southern part. They speak English all over because it's more American traveling than--they go over there for a weekend and a guy from New York and New Jersey and stuff and they go there for weeks, weekend.---?--- information.Melanie called us to ask you about the Prohibition times.Prohibition times?Yes.That's the worst law that they ever passed in this country, that was the worst of all, that hurt the country more than anything because it created67KT: MK:TF: MK: TF:
 TONY FRUGNI # 2something. Now, when I was, to tell you the effects of the Volstead Act and I remember when it was passed and I read about it. I used to take a girl out in Butte, well, we never talk about a drink, sometimes you take them and they have a highball, a very light drink but most of the time you think of the Palace Candy Store and buy an esprit or stuff like that, they don't ask for anything more than that, that was it, that was too much. If you would like to buy a meal or something, a banana split or a Sunday of some kind, nobody in those days drink. Oh the Italian theforeigner they drink their best wine at home, that's the trouble but I won't get into it. I think there was some stuff on the accounts of the war in the whole country at one time, of course, you already had thirty-three states dry, thirty-three ---?--- anyhow and then they went all over because Idaho went dry in 1914, Utah in 1917 and of course in Nevada, New Mexico, Arizona, California, and dry Oklahoma which went dry prior to that. I think when they went to the whole country went dry on account of the war, I think maybe whole shopping(?) make people work more because we want to win the war. So in Montana it was open the thirty-first day of December 1918 and it was dry all over. Well, that law was very unpopular at that time,68
 TONY FRUGNI # 2especially to most immigrants because she was back there and we were used to having a glass of wine with our meal and then it was dispensable, ask her, she was there with me and that still goes on. In the morning they take their brandy, you never see too many Italians drunk, you never see any of them, you never see them even around here, how many do you see? Do you see any Greeks drunk? Do you see any Scandinavian? Do you see Americans?KT: Right, gee.TF: Do you see many--you go down to Las Vegas I'll showyou, you go down to the Los Angeles and I'll show you and in the ---?--- back here, I tell you it was back here it was back of the savoy bar back there but there was no Italians amongst them that I know. Every time I went to this place that cost me four bits, oh, I need four bits to buy a bottle of muscatel there, well, here you are because a bottle of beer was better than that wine back there, anyhow. But you don't see to many, even French, you don't see no drunkards, immigrants they come over from there but after that they get mixed up and it's a different story. You go to Italy and see those people have a bottle of wine, first the bread stick and a bottle of wine and a bottle of--69
 TONY FRUGNI # 2MTF: Buy water.TF: Bottle of mineral water, you can mix it and you cando what you want. Then if that is before serving dinner so before they come to dinner you wine is gone. If you're drinking you would be blasted and you would talk a little bit and they like you know, they know how to do that I guess that's part of the business. But I've never seen too many immigrants especially from the country of Scandinavia, I knew this Scandinavia now but I've never seen too many drunk and I've been in that business for forty years or so, maybe more, the wholesale business and the hotel business. Then I'm a guy that was there when I traveled and I can tell you about Montezuma where you find those wines and I can go right into it, the only trouble that I have with my wife was when I was late ---?--- and I when I went to skid row(?), that was good now and she doesn't approve that you know, right, I like it. So that's how it is. When they passed the law that was very, it was very what do youcall it? How do you say, very unfamiliar? I mean nobody wants that law, especially the immigrant, they were against that law. When they passed that law the immigrants from the beginning they started with raisins and they'd find a way and they started buying70
 TONY FRUGNI # 2raisins in the boxes, they just sent the raisins to California and they make their own wine and they sock it and they teach you that they know how to do it, they make wine and then they started to make their whisky, that's how it happened and half of them don't do to well anyhow because you pick up the immigration from the South or from Italy down let's put it this way and it was never since 1895 and it didn't last too long because in 1913 that's the declare of war but they don't understand that and they can't see it. Why if you make a glass of wine, Jesus Christ drink wine you know you go into the country and sure they drink wine. Why, every country around, why you still drink wine so everybody went to help themselves, sometime they don't drink it too well. So they said goodbye to raisins to the ---?--- from ---?--- and make good wine in '17. Then after we are through with that then they learn how to make whisky out of it, how to make brandy so they learn everything you know. So they make their own brandy, boy that--[END OF TAPE]71
 [THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. TONY FRUGNI ON FEBRUARY 17, 1 9 7 3 A T H I S HOME I N P R I C E , U T A H . T H E I N T E R V I E W E R S A R E K . TOMSIC & M. KOBE AND T H I S I S P ART OF THE CARBON COUNTY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #3.]TF: They start to make whisky outside and they learn the trade by that time and you go up every place in Spring Canyon County and I've been to the biggest part of them, they got a lot of clientel around and I've been there plenty of time, snooping around. There was a big still and it belonged to somebody but the fellow it ---?--- but they had nobody to, they couldn't run to anybody, they tried to get the owner of the property but he don't know, that was a mile from the house, that spring was two miles you know---?--- So they couldn't find him to well, do you understand? Somebody tried to find the cave but ---?- -- during the saloon here and stuff while that was a--if you bootleg in the bars, you had a choice you could pay your $199 and there it was. The town was doing pretty good, they came down twice a year you know. The county was doing pretty good. I think it was good for Carbon County to pick up that extra money. But Carbon County itself owes me very little. In fact I always called Carbon County the Switzerland of America, of Utah. You know we could by ---?--- we could get by with a lot of stuff in Carbon County and you couldn't get by it in Uinta or you couldn't get
 TONY FRUGNI # 3by it in Summit County, you couldn't get by in Utah County, that's for sure and we had a lot in Utah County. And don't speak up down Beaver County or Iron County, that's ---?--- county I mean because they haven't got anybody and enough foreigners down there know, no I'm the one that came from Europe in other words, they all born here or they come from theScandinavian part of the country you know and they join the Mormon religion and usually it stands for itself, you know. You can combine, you can't say that the rest of the state is like Utah but that was--but Carbon County you always had--the odd thing at one time was that there 50 percent of Italian in Carbon County or 40 percent Italian. I think there was about 30 to 40 percent Slavs and maybe 20 percent American.KT: The majority. (Chuckle)TF: Yes. Because all the stores in Helper is Italians.KT: Really?TF: Printing goods store, a furniture store, mutual storethat served groceries, everyone was an Italian store and then the Greek get in that business and then the Italians start to get out and make their money and then so does the Greeks, they use to have Jouflas up there in the Food Center ---?--- something bright, we had ---?--- exciting, except price trading. So you73
 TONY FRUGNI #3had a lot of fun in here and a lot of immigrants that was in business. I was in the landlord business because I use the hotel up there and the boarding house and the Bryner people came to me and they ask me, "How come Tony" that's years ago, I'm speaking about thirty to forty years ago. "How come that you people come over here and you own your own business and have Barboglio at the banks?" You see they hadtwo banks, they had the bank down here and a bank up there. When you go up here three of our biggest stores, come from old country and down in Price or whatever it was, Vias or Floucher(?) or some of those guys, Seppi and they had ---?--- I think there was not an American store up there Giacoletto and he died but he was running the store up there ---?--- first store, the grocery store and then they went into the furniture store.KT: Ricci.TF: No, Ricci come next, this was--it was a ---?--- andI've forgotten. Then Ricci come down from the other store up in Royal and then he come down in the ---?-- they open up a store where the Helper Club is now. I think if I remember right and then Petrolino isdown below by Carbonville that's it, he had a store over there with Gaccomano an Italian. So they were74
 TONY FRUGNI # 3all Italian and it was an all Italian store and then the Greeks started, they ---?--- all the Greeks they buy when they built that on the other side of the street and that was built in 1922, '23, '24, '25, when they brought in the ---?--- and all this stuff. They come left and they just ---?--- It was allItalian so Brian asked me he says, "How come you guys come from Europe and you all go in business?" ---?--- Italian now, they called me a wasp. He lives to make a dollar my boy, and he said we are here, he said, and nobody is in business except price trading and they had to have the help of the French, they still had to have the help of the French before the ---?--- to own this store, ---?---. So they asked me why and I said, "I don't know, if you are here you come up that Salina Canyon in 1879 in the '80s you could bought the store but then you eat with these Robbinsons, Greek(?) was fortunate to me and bought this store. We had a lot of fun you know.KT: Had a lot of ambition.TF: Huh?KT: People had a lot of ambition.TF: Oh, they come here to make a dollar ---?--- you knowand they had to go to America or too hungry so they come here to work. They open up all the mines and had75
 TONY FRUGNI # 3a hell of a business, Sunnyside, Lodge, Pesseto and Paternoster and Flaim, all the stores there was Italian store except the company store but you know what I find about the company store in my life they tell you what you had to. I bought a ---?--- range because I had better food than that, for the wife that was the only thing I would buy. I don't think I spent a $100 dollar on the company store and my ---?--- was Italian and he had a store in Latuda, and we buy stuff there all the time but we always bought from Helper and then you just come up and pay the light for the house and ---?--- Elegante used to come up deliver, what the hell, he delivered whatever you want and they would bring it there. I had no time. When I come up from the mine I had to wash myself to prove I didn't have time to go to the store, the guy comes down ---?--- much better for me and for all of us, for the women too you know. Do you remember the time when we buy a half pig we had another three residents and we put the hog in the porch and if you stick it in the porch with a sack on it and let it freeze and we do that, we take a half piece and we do the same thing, we stick it aroundthe house and nobody steal it.KT: Did you eat a lot of the same foods that you eat back76
 TONY FRUGNI # 3in your old country when you carne here?TF: I did, yes, very much so.KT: Was it hard to get them?TF: No, no it was not hard to get because you had AnselmoI didn't patronize him too well, but you had rnarianniwholesale you know you can always get what I want.KT: Where was that at?TF: Salt Lake and then you find ---?--- in here anyhowbecause as I told you, 40 percent, it is 40 percent Italian and then you had this salesman come down here and sell that kind of stuff and then go to another bar, na, mostly Italian stuff. ---?--- Good soup, good spaghetti once a week maybe, whatever ---?--- they had more money to do it then, so we didn't have much trouble and as far as drinking was concerned I don't think there was an Italian or a Greek or a French they never went dry for a glass of wine or a bottle of whisky because they always make their own.KT: Did you make yours, did you make any?TF: I made it, I had some borders sometime and they gotin there and insisted on that in the house but to take the wine in the--. Well, like I said people can't understand it, they can't understand that kind of a--so that's the reason I ---?--- and then the people like I started to tell you before, you take a77
 TONY FRUGNI #3girl out and you take her to an ice cream parlor and that was good and maybe they haven't got a ---?---sometime, like drink and he goes to dinner before Prohibition and I said Prohibition you had to ---?--- in your pocket, you couldn't trust nobody. Twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, and twenty-three you know, you had to have money in your pocket or nobody would look at you, you had to have money in your pocket and you pick up anybody. You go for a date, you go anyplace. It hurt a lot of people, a lot of girls because they was not drinking before, is that right? That is true, they put the pint in their pocket and pick up any girl and they give them a drink and they take them out and it didn't help the country at all. That is one of the biggest reasons that I think it hurt the people growing up, you know, to become a drunkard. I said before they had Prohibition people don't look for it but now there's a big kick if you ever got it because it is against the law and you are lucky to get it and you make a pig out of yourself, like they do now in Utah, in Utah is stupid state they got so many laws, if you ever want to buy a bottle what will happen? Some of these Mormon women don't 1ike to see their husband drink, I know, so they got to drink the bottle there before they go78
 TONY FRUGNI # 3home because they can not drink at home. So the next thing you've got an alcoholic on your hands. Is that all right? You just sit behind because I traveled plenty in the last three years. You recognize ---?--- with your drink of wine, you have a highball and you walk out like a gentleman and what the hell they usedto carry a bottle with you around and I hate to carry a bottle around. So that's Prohibition and like I said I started ---?--- and then you have a spring around this country and they all had a still.KT: Do you know any of the stills were at?TF: Oh yes, up in ---?--- Farm ---?--- about it, I knowthere was a couple of stills up there that the police pick them up and they couldn't stick nobody because the owner didn't claim ownership you know and up in the park, what you call Emma Park up here up on top of Winter Creek Canyon, when you ---?--- that mine over there, that was a lot of stills up there that was run by Loveland, Jack Loveland and he had stills all over the spring, if there was any spring and the old man ---?--- in Helper, Charlie Davis' stepfather, Charlie Davis' stepfather. He had a farm up there and they find a big still on his property along the wash, they make a tunnel into the wash you know and they got a ---?--- and they make ---?--- and they got a79
 TONYKT: TF:FRUGNI # 3hose to go out in the still and everything is automatic. When they pick that one up he didn't claim it and they can't do a hell of a lot about it.Is there any stills still standing around in there?I heard that there is some more, I heard that there is people still making but not very much. I know there is only a few people still making their home brew and I'm opposed to that because I've been a beer dealer and I don't like that to much. Some of these people still, they still make their own wine, especially when they make their wine I think they use the rest of it to make brandy you know, instead of throw it away they try to get anything out of it, they only get the ---?--- sugar in it and maybe they got a still, a still to make, in fact you can make brandy without a still.Do you know how to make a still?Yes, I know how to make a still. (laughter)Is it very hard? Could you explain it?A still, I used in the old country when I was a kid and I can't get ready for the guide to go to ---?--- eat because in my country we raise grapes.[END OF SIDE ONE]You know, it's not used much for anything else. Theyput some stove down in the bottom of the still so it 80KT: TF: KT: TF:
 TONY FRUGNI # 3could start you know and then they put so much water so it boil through that, what do you call that stuff ---?---MTF: Straw.TF: The pulp of the--after you make the wine and then itsteams through and then you make your brandy. We still make brandy every once in a while, just for the fun of it we drink that, just for the fun of it. We use to see if we could get in there and get a little brandy and get away with it and that's the only reason, that's the only reason we done it. But we, I see the still and that distill place that I used when we was a kid is a big outfit now, they ship stuff all over the country. They ship whiskey and brandy all over and all over Europe and I think they got a brandy ---?--- too, they've become very big.KT: Well, besides the wine making and stuff did you carry on any of your old country customs when you came, do you still do any of them like how you celebrate weddings and Christmas, Easter or anything?TF: Now for the first couple of years because I was like- -I was a transient miner for three or four years and I wanted to find out what this country looks like youknow, so I asked in this ---?--- between the ---?--- Find an Italian place somewhere you know, whether81
 TONY FRUGNI # 3that was in Boseman, Montana or in Nevada or Salt Lake City I would always be there, we always had our Christmas and Easter and I don't think that I missed too many of that.KT: What did you do, did you do anything different?TF: Oh, we take a drink of whisky first, highball and old man and everything and then we had our wine, we hadour spaghetti, we had our chickens, roast chicken, first soup, chicken soup with noodles and then you get your spaghetti and then you get your roast chicken and then down the line, all depending on what part of the country you come from because everybody had a different system in Europe and in Italy especially they got a lot of different food in Iron County, Carbon County they are ---?--- for a long time for something and decided ---?--- for something else, ---?--- and all ---?--- and all that kind of stuff, you know but I tell you about the celebrations more than a lot of them, I go back to Italy now and I can speak Italian better than they can.MK: Really.TF: Uh huh, ask her.MTF: Yes.TF: And they don't give nothing to me, I talk to one guyone morning when I come down to the Vatican and 82
 TONY FRUGNI #3recognize before and I pay the taxi driver, I think it was 500 lyra but I think I give him 700, I give him a couple of hundred tip you know, two bits or whatever it was. Then the next morning when I was back to the Vatican to see the Pope for her I went up to ---?--- to see the Pope and I want to see if he's still 100,000 people in San Peter's Square and that night I couldn't find a taxi but a gentleman who had an agency to send for the tour here and there, you know and we back up the tour ---?---. He asked me what I was doing and I told him that I wanted to goto the Vatican. We was only fifteen minutes from it and we walked down, clear down to the--man it was long, we walked five to six blocks but you couldn't find a taxi but now you can find a taxi. So as we got down there and there was a 100 people, a 100 people in front of this depot ready for the street cars, the buses because the one that goes to the vatican, number 64, I still remember, you go up there every fifteen minutes of course we had nothing. But we had to go on the bus but no taxi and then one taxi come along and was asked for a taxi and he said 3,000 lyra. I got mad and he says, "Son, you're a lousy American." I said, "I was an American/Italian." Ask her what happened. I went after that guy, I ---?---83
 TONY FRUGNI #3and he kept running. I said, "You're the only one that can speak Italian around here? You have to go to school plenty before you can speak Italian like me, you little shrimp." I call him one time and I said,"---?---" but he kept running. I said I carne down from the Vatican last night and I give that taxi about 500 lyra and he was charging by ---?--- anyhow. Now, I says, the more you want 3,000 lyra and then because I said that he called all Slavs American/Italians. Oh boy, he heard that ask her. I left her, I left my friend and I took it to that guy, I went back. I don't have to run you know to get a black eye, I can give Sergio a black eye. I call him all kinds of names and I spoke better Italian than he ever dream of. So I give up with the old country, old country I was just reading about the old country--- ?---KT: Did you get any Italian newspapers?TF: Beg your pardon.KT: Do you get any Italian newspapers?TF: Oh, I don't get no more now because ---?---. He getone from New York and I go up and get a bunch much because they come two or three at the time now you know. You see, you had ---?--- in San Francisco and they went haywire and we had one in Pueblo and we had84
 TONY FRUGNI #3a small one in Denver that went haywire because of the ---?--- all the time. We had one in Salt Lake, I mean they ---?--- anymore. So I got my ---?--- and get all these American progress they call it. So I go up there and get that paper.MTF: The Pope has a city of it's own.TF: Although the Pope say now it's the owner of--he's apopper really. The result of American/Italian progress in New York, he is a multi-millionaire and he bought this newspaper and he's ---?---MTF: I'm talking about the Pope ---?--- send the letter. TF: Ah, we sent the letter but I don't understand that? MTF: ---?--- post office.MK: How c o m e .TF: Oh no, after I find out we couldn't mail them anywhere dear.MTF: She was pregnant.TF: Ah, she was nuts, we put her a box of drawers allright. I find out about that. Ah, that girl was nuts (Laughter). She don't know nothing, she work in the post office and what the hell do they know, they stamp the letter and they put it in the box and what the hell. Then there is somebody and you can mail those ---?--- from anywhere in New York and you can easily except that, what the vatican can do is one85
 TONY FRUGNI # 3thousand people, they only got 1,000 people ---?--- I don't think they had a post office at all, they had a post office after all I guess. You got a car, you got to live outside the Vatican City because there is no way to live in Vatican City, you got to have your--- ?--- from a hotel where you are staying because the vatican is only about a mile and there are only a thousand people who live there and they all priests and they have priests and some nuns I guess they have some nuns.MK: Do you have any old pictures from like what Latuda looked like before or Helper anywhere?TF:I don't think I have, I don't know maybe I look, I got a whole book over there and I'll look but I don't think I'll go through it now but I got a whole book I took from right here. You leave your name and maybe I'll find some because we took pictures of Spring Canyon and we took pictures of Sunnyside.KT: Do you have any of the letters that your dad wrote to you?TF: Huh.KT: Do you have any of the letters that your dad wroteyou?TF: Oh, God no, I throw them away. MK: How about any recipes?86
 TONY FRUGNI # 3TF: Recipes of what, making whiskey or making wine?MK: Anything, yes, that's good.TF: Spaghetti, I like spaghetti but the best I likespaghetti is to go up there and buy chicken liver andgiblets you know. KT: Uh huh.TF: And then grind them up fine and then cut a little onion and when the onion was done you throw your giblet in there and then when that is done too you have to put a little bit of some, no, I don't know how much it all depends on what you want. Tomato paste with wine so that your onion don't burn no more then your giblet will cook and then I put cloves, I put rosemary, well, I put everything.KT: That's all the things then?MK: Oregano?TF: No, no it's all Italian, all Italian and rosemary weuse a lot of rosemary and we use--MTF: ---?--- (Background noise)TF: Usually I use the rosemary and I use the--oh,sometimes we use old spices but not too often, it all depends, black pepper, tomato paste to keep the onion from burning, do you understand, ---?--- then you can put your giblets in there and then you can let it boil for three hours because that's what I do. I put87
 TONYMK: TF: MK: TF:FRUGNI # 3in much water in there and then I let them simmer for a couple of hours, for a couple of hours you know and I usually---?---.Do you remember any songs or dancing?Huh.Italian songs or dances.I know part of it here and part of there. I tell you, I tell you I lost everything I was too young when I left there and too old when I got back. ---?---Italian life ---?--- to. I come over here and couldn't speak the language so I lost both sides, I lost both sides but I got something but I kept myself busy reading, a little history and geography, and then history 5,000 years back or geography, the early part of the country but that is something that I started with and I don't want them to come ---?--- When did you say you came to America?1914. '14 to '74, fifty-nine years huh. It went like hell. He didn't want to put out the American Still people but that's how to do it and they go back in the booze and the whiskey business.88KT: TF:KT:MTF: ---?---KT : Because ---?--- did it.TF: You can make whiskey without stills if you want to.We got some ---?--- huh.
 TONY FRUGNI # 3KT: Really.TF: Yes, you get a big fancy washtub, and put your mashin there about that high, you know and they put that container, that stick out about that far and then cover up the tub good and tight and the steam come up and hit the top and they drain right in that bowl, there is that steam but you can make whiskey.MTF: Doesn't it explode?TF: No, if you watch the fire, if you keep the fire goingit won't blow up at the top, you better be careful. If you put the top on it and you cover your top with cold water so the steam, it can't blow off then can it? It reverts back to wine again and then it goes down in a big container in the mill or whatever and then you got your brandy so when you want to get onemake your wine cooler, but it takes a lot of coal. MTF: Do you understand.KT: I don't know. (Laughter)TF: You take a pan.MTF: I can draw you pictures.KT: Yes.MTF: I'll show you how. I never did myself. (Break)KT: You were in the what kind of business.TF: When I come to this country as I couldn't fulfillwhat I have in my mind. I had to change and my change 89
 TONY FRUGNI # 3to coming into society in whiskey, wine and wholesale liquor ---?--- took me years to do it but I got into it.KT: That's what you're final occupation has been.TF: Huh.KT: Is that what you are now?TF: No, I quit a long time ago. When I was forty yearsold I had--back in the thirties when everybody starve I never use to have ---?--- at all but I said at sixty I quit. So when I got sixty years old I quit and that was the end of it and I'm still here. I quit in 1958.[END OF INTERVIEW]90