 MARS POPE Moab, Utah Tape No. 32An interview by Steve Guttman July 22, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsEffect of Boom••.Power Company.Problems with Power. Background., •Expansion of Power Company. Mines and Power •Accidents •< 1 5 .15 18 20 23 26 Territory. 30 Road Conditions • 32 Water Shortage•• 34 Budget of County. 38Housing Problems. 46 Teenagers . 47 Airport • so••••
 THIS INTERVIEW WITH MARS POPE TOOK PLACE IN THE COMMISSIONER'S ROOM OF THE COUNTY COURTHOUSE IN MOAB, UTAH ON JULY 22, 1970. THE INTERVIEWER I S STEVE GUTTMAN.SG: I guess there was no way of really telling that there was going to be such a boom then?MP: No, no, we didn't know. It took everybody more or less by sur- prise, and, of course, our officials upstate, they just couldn't realize that things were going to be like they were. They just thought, too many of them, that this was just a fly-by-night affair. See, we had this little isolated power plant and we just thought that we didn't have the capacity to take care of the deeds. We didn't have the capacity to build into people like they wanted. They'd expected the same crew that was taking care of a little town to take care of the whole thing, and itwas just absolutely impossible. And, of course, they did decide to build a line down here. Before they got the line, we had all our equipment very much overloaded. We had at that time a waterwheel and four diesel engines. Ordinarily, we always had standbys so that if one went bad, why, we always had standbys to bring on the line. But it got so that we had to run everything we had and then we was overloading them t i l l we was punishing our machinery till we'd often, when a load would go off around twelve o'clock
 MARSPOPE #1 P AGE 2around midnight, why, we'd have to start work to get things re- paired so we could run the next day. And we have had time, for a short period, that if we didn't get things fixed, why, we just didn't have power until we did because we couldn't carry the load. And it was that way until they built a line into here. The first line they built--the power company had the line from Price towhat we call Saga(_?) Norgatonks, up here on the main highway. There used to be a coal mine up there that mined most of the coal for the D &RG Railroad, and the line was built especially forthis mine. So they built a branch line from what we call Crescent Juntion up here to Moab. And here's a forty-four thousand volt line. But when the mines down in Lisbon Valley opened down in through there, they were the ones that first asked for power for that section. The line we had at Crescent Juntion wasn't heavyenough to take care of the load so we put another line from up around Sunnyside, Carbon County, down here and down to thesemines. And then that was continued down to Monticello, Blanding, and Mexican Hat--not all at once, but a certain time afterwards,to take care of all the mines. And, of course, another thing was to pick up that big oil field southeast of Blanding. So when theygot both of those lines in here, why, we were pretty well fixed up. But until they did get it here, we just had our troubles.
 MARSPOPE # 1 P AGE 3People would want power and we just couldn't get it to them when they wanted it. Like most of the power companies, whenever youwant to build something, it's to be approved upstate. And before you get the approval, lots of times these people were pretty disgusted because they couldn't get their power right now. They often felt that if they'd come in and ask for power, by the next day or two you would go in and have it done. And we did builta lot of little connections for people before we'd ever get this approval, and, of course, sometbnes it wasn't built according to the way they felt it should be built, so we'd get into hot water. But, golly, you just can't have people standing around begging you for power while waiting for someone upstate to say it's okay to go ahead. So we got the devil quite a few times for doing jobs before we were told we could. Of course, with the war coming on, you know, we had quite a lot of trouble getting our copper wire. Practically everything in those days was copper;very little aluminum used. And it was rationed out. We were building so fast that we'd often time get short on materialseven to build. And we were very careful to keep any scrap or anything , else. We used to splice wires that you wouldn't have thought of using. We'd take it, splice it anyway. It's theonly thing we could do. But the people were just living anywhere.
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 4I know I had a little old garage that didn't even have a floorin it that I had several people come, just wanted to rent that garage, someplace so they could sleep. But they had no facilities anywhere, and no place for trailers. That's one thing that started, here. That's the only thing they could do, though. If anybodywanted to, they could fix a trailer space. Well, of course, wegot trailers all over this town, scattered all over. Then, when things get kind of quieted down, people didn't like those trailers all over, but you couldn't keep them. out. I mean, they' re ther.e.And it made our town not the most attractive in the world. Atthe same time, you got to take care of the people some way, and that's the only way they could do it in those days. But the prob- lem was finally worked out. We still have lots of new trailers here.We have lots of new buildings, and still have trailers scattered here and there where they have just stayed ever since those days. And, of course, when things got quieted down, why, the power company was able to take care all of it. It was just a castmostly that, I felt at the time, as I mentioned before that they just didn't feel--the powers that be--that this was going toamount to anything. And they didn't prepare for it soon enough.It kind of left us in the lurch. But it finally got so that when they built the line down here they would send line crews down here to help out wh.ere we couldn't possibly do it with what men we
 MARS POPE ill PAGE 5had. And when you get way out like this, you're the last oneto get equipment anyway; ·you're the last one to get supplies.So we were always short, but it did work out. We had our troubles though. There was no question about it. There would be people come through and just begging for power, "We've just got to have it." "We can't give it to you." In the first place, they think the company y<!>u are working for ;isn ',t doing what they should.And I'll have to admit a considerable amount of the time theywere right. We should have been equipped so that we could have got it to them in a very short time, where lots of times we could.SG: Well, to backtrack a little. Where--what was the service area of the power company of Moab?MP: Just right here in this valley. They had nothing else; there was no power lines. We had our own power plant up here just,oh, about a couple of miles up here on the Mill Creek. And we started out--when I first came down here, we had a water wheel and one little gasoline motor that we would use in the evening. The water wheel would take care of it most of the time. But we had a dry year, didn't get any water, and had to use this little gas engine all the time, day and night. Just praying for rain,but rain didn't come. And finally after we had run that steady for ahout thirty days, then it started to break down on us. So
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 6about eleven o'clock when the load would start to go off, I turned all the street lights out, so that the water could carrywhat little load we had in the residences, which wasn't big at that time because there are very few refrigerators or anything like that would run all night. Very little equipment. But we'd turn the water off, then go work on this engine, and grind valves and things like that every night. We never missed a night forpractically a month. But if we got it repaired by daylight, why, we had power, and if we didn't, why we didn't have power. I remember one time we didn't. And we was off for about thirty- six hours before we got this engine fixed. We had cracked a head in it. By the time you got it apart, well, to start with, ithad to run, see warm up, then it'd die on us. By the time we'd tear it apart and try to find out where the water was gettingin it, we couldn't find any place. All the gas had leaked 1.outl~.-We finally found a little hairline through that, just like that, and hit it just right one time. And when the motor was cool,it worked swell, but when it got hot, this crack would open upand let water in the cylinders and kill us. And so I remember that time when the paper came out and they had big headlines about three inches high, "LET THERE BE LIGHT!" Of course, I didn'tblame them. I had felt at the time too, I'll have to admit, that
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 7the power company I was talking to was a l i t tle lax in gettingus equipment to run.SG: s·o when was this now?MP: Oh, this was in the 1 30's, before the boom. And that's the waywe started out. And then they brought us down an old pair of Banks-Morris engines, two cylinders that run horizontal. There wasn't a diesel engine on the whole system--got it installed and handed us a book, a manual telling us how to operate it. Well, that manual is swell except it only takes in the main things.You often had things happen that it didn't tell about. Sometime you just go in and just have to hunt for yourself. There wasn't anybody in the whole system that knew anything about it. And if you found it and got::it fixed, why sometimes that took quite a while. We always had an old whip pipeline that was worn out andwe always had a lot of trouble with that trying to drive shingles in. I'd put enough shingles in that pipeline to shingle a great big house, just fixing leaks. And then our floods in the summer, they caused us a lot of trouble. There'd just be flash floods,you know, and they'd take our dam out. Of course, we had this cement dam, hut we had this big place across about thirty-twofeet long, and we'd use force to back water up and we'd just build that of light material in the summer. The flood would take itout and we'd lose everything. But I've had times here when we'd
 MARS POPE # 1 P AGE 8have that dam out for weeks after. But we couldn't put it back in till the year's floods quit; Just caused a lot of trouble.SG: Yeah, huh. Besides this part of Grand County, did you also service San Juan County too?MP: Not to start with. Not till this line was built in from Sunny- side Junction, we didn't build to San Juan County. And that was after the mining had become fairly well developed and a numberof those mines--a lot of them were being worked. The bigger companies came in and they wanted to have power, you know, to run the equipment to hoist vertically--most of them did--and they just wanted power anyway. And then that's when we built down through tn~'re for them.SG: That wasn't until-- MP: The boom.SG: The 19SO's? Yeah, well how did you originally become involved with the electric companyl_MP: Well, it was just after World War I, I worked for a bunch of carpenters. Of course, I wasn't a carpenter, I was just a helper. I thought I would like to follow that arid the power company up there--it was Utah Power and Light at that time. Itwas a local company, and they wanted me to go to work for them. And, of course, they only wanted to pay seventy dollars a month,
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 9which wasn't too bad a wage in those days, about '18, '19. But with these carpenters, I was making a lot more money. And I wouldn't take it. And so they kept after me, and then probablysix months later, I finally decided I would. I though, "Well, I'm not sure of being employed steady where I was, but if I take this job at seventy dollars a month, in the long run, I'll be better off." So I did. And then six or seven months after I took this job, a carpenter couldn't even get a job. That's whenwe had our first depression that I knew about. I've been through all the depressions since the twenties, so I know very well what they were. And then just after I came here in the thirties, they had that bad one. And it was really bad. People would just beg you to go to work for anything. You could get all the men you wanted for two dollars a day. And, you know, it just made you realize how badly the people--they had to have something to keep their families going, and they was begging for a day or two'swork, and you just didn't have work for them. You just had so many men that wanted it that you couldn't. Of course, we wasthe only company here, you might say, except Moab Garage; they hired quite a few·men. They run quite a trucking b.usiness. And outside of them and the telephone companys--and you might say the stored, they hired a few, but not many in those days--there justwasn't work for people. There was some farming here at that time.
 MARS POPE ill PAGE 10But most people that had farms they had enough family to work their own farms. Of course, they didn't sell their products. And if they did, they didn't get hardly anything for them, so they couldn't hire people. It just left people out where they were desperate. It was a very bad situation, but we couldn'thire them because you can't hire men if you don't have something to do. You can't justify it, or pretty soon you'll be out of a job. yourself. So you had to be careful. But we would give peoplework every chance we got, which wasn't very much. It sure washad.SG: What was the population of Moab when you came here?MP: Oh, probably a thousand, twelve hundred. It stayed just aboutthat same amount for years. When I first come here in the '30's, I would guess the population was closer to eight hundred, that is, in the valley. It might have been a little more than that. And then it gradually grew, but not very much. I think at the time the uranium b.oom came, we only had about twelve hundred. I think the power company had around four hundred connections at that time. So you take your stores and all, we probably didn'thave three hundred families in the whole town.SG: Besides yourself, who else was working at the power and lightcompany at this time?
 MARS POPE IllPAGE 11MP: Well, let's see. At the time of the boom, I had-- SG: Back in the thirties when you first came?MP: Oh, when I first came?SG: Yeah, so we can get some idea.MP: One man they hired to run the power plant. SG: And that was you?MP: And they had a little ice plant up there too. Originally, it b.elonged to a local company here, and they made ice. ·But when Utah Power bought out, they didn't take the ice plant. This fellow that operated the power plant, he also ran this ice plant. They paid him enough in those days so he could hire someoneels.e for a few hours while he delivered ice. And if we had any trouble on our lines that I couldn't take care of along, why,then we'd have to get him to come and help me, and have somebody else would run the power plant. Of course, in those days, after everybody went to bed, why, the man on duty would go to sleep, youknow. It's funny about things like that. You can hear all that noise, but you can go to sleep, and then a strange noise can wake you up right now.SG: Yeah, that's true.MP: I used to run· ---?--- up to the Vernal country, and I went up thereon the night shift, and the only trouble with me is I could imagine
 MARS POPE III PAGE 12those noises. It kept me awake practically all night. You hear noises that really didn't mean anything. If anybody had beenon there all the time, he wouldn't have paid attention to things as I did. But after we got our diesel engine, things like that, then it got to a point where a man had to stay awake all the time. Of course, when we got those, why, we first started out with two operators up there. We got one more, and they worked twelvehour shifts. And when we got more diesels, then we had to keep men alert all the time because you had to watch those. You might have serious trouble at anytime, especially when you're running three and four. I always said that anyone could .run this power plant down here. If all your engines had been the same,it would have been different, but we had three different types of engines besides the water wheel. You might say we had four different power plants. We had two engines that was alike and three that were completely different. And then when you throw another extra engine on the line, you·have to get that up to the exact speed of what you're running before you can throw yourswitch. If you ran it a little fast or a little slow, that'll shut you down. So the operators had to be pretty well versed inwhat they were doing, and they were. We had good operators. And like when we'd b.reak down and we'd have to tear an e.ngine down,
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 13I didn't have to tell one where to go to work. Everybody knew just what he could do. One man would start on one part of i t, and one on another to get it torn down. And there wouldn't have to be a word said. They just tore it down, and fixed it, and put it hack. Ins·tead of telling you what to do, why, it wasn't necessary-. There was. a very good crew always up there. Theywere good. There aren't very many left that worked at the power plant at that time. Kenneth East, the assessor down here now was one of our main operators along with a fellow named Ken McDougal that is working for the state road. Now there are two Ken McDougals here, but this one works for the state road at pres:ent. He was the plant foreman for a long while up there.And I guess, well, we had a fellow named Albie Johnson, and he's working for the s.tate on the road that goes up the river to Cisco. And that's all there is left here right now. Several of them are older men and s:ix pass-ed away.SG: Well, how much power were you generating back in the thirties off of this. water wheel?MP: Well, the water wheel could have put out fifty kilowatts if you had enough water. That was it's capacity. But a good share of the year, you didn't have enough water to put that much out. And our little ga& engine that we started with could put out a hundred
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 14kilowatts. So you see, if we run full capacity, that was only ahundred and fifty, so we wasn't very big.SG: On the average, what was· the city using at that time?MP: Oh, we'd have b.oth thes·e engines at night. That's when we had the big load. But during the night, oh, maybe from eleven, twelve o'clock at night until the next evening, we could run it just on the water wheel. That is, when we had water. Like I say, one year we jus·t didn't have water. But they didn't usemuch. Like I say, in those days, there wasn't hardly any refrig- erators and very few·electric stoves. About all anybody had in the home at that time would b.e the lights, a flat iron, and awasher. Uh, now I bought my first electric refrigerator in 1930. It was when G.E. first came out with them. I remember when they had wood boxes; they weren't even metal~ And I come down here the next year, and I don't think there was over half a dozen re- frigerators in town, and probably that many electric ranges. Idon't think there was more than that. So we didn't have any day loads. Oh, people would have a few fans, but there was nothing that consumed very much power. There's several electric motors around like at the print shop and in the garage. Two or threemercantile places would have some motors, but no big load at any
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 15time.SG: So you prob.alily wouldn't use more than seventy-£ive, a hundredkilowatts?MP: No, no, not ordinarily. I know at one time here, our totalrevenue was only about eight hundred dollars a month. And this one month when we had to run this gas engine all month, it took more money to buy· gas for that engine for that month than our total revenue was. So you see we weren't very big and therewasn't much power. I think our minimum charge was two dollarsa month, and yo~ were allowed fifteen kilowatts, as I recall it, for the two dollars.•SG: A month.?MP: A month. And then you would pay fifteen cents for the next tenkilowatts, then ten cents for the balance. Now that's about as cheap as you got. And there was just lots of people that never went over their minimum. They didn't have to. Like I say, they only had a few lights.SG: Do you remember when it first became obvious that the engine, the gas, and the water wheel were not going to be enough?MP: No, no, I don't. We had this other big engine which was about a hundred and fifty horse or kilowatt capacity before the boom,
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 16and then we got the other two just about maybe a year before the boom. If we had grown enough and people had gotten enoughmore equipment, then we would have had to have added to our capacity, but until the b.oom came, with those five different units we had plenty of power. But when the boom came, and we didn't. We jus:t couldn't. Anybody that's running a machinevery much, you hate to, what I call, punish an engine, and we'd have to run these at more than their rate of capacity to keep power going. Of course, that heats your engines up, and raises the devil with your hearings and like that. That was our big trouble was that we'd overload them so much that the bearings would go out on us. We'd have to change them on our older big diesel and the horizontal pistons would crack on the face probab.ly twenty, twenty-two inches across the faces of these pistons, There are only two cylinders, and to help cool these, each time it'd come forward, there would be a bunch ofwater splashing over the fact of it. Well, they'd get s.o hot that when this water hit, they'd crack. Arid I remember the first time we cracked one of them. Why, I asked for them toget us a spare. We didn't have anything here. I remember that. "Do you realize how·much those cost?" And I said, "No." Andthey said, "Five hundred dollars a piece." So I only got one.
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 17The only trouble of it was that it wasn't very long after we got this one that we broke another. And then we were short again. That's when we only had one operator up there besides myself. We decided we would try to bore holes in this and put stud bolts in it right down along this little crack. We started out witheigth inch. We'd drill a hole and put one of these in, and tighten it up all we could and then cut the head off, and thenwe'd go down just b.elow s:o we just touched it with another. We were just experimenting to see if that would work, and it did.It would last us--oh, with_a start like that, they'd last about two weeks. Then we'd go in and take a quarter inch, bore these all out and put a quarter inch in it. When we got up to where we could use three quarters, we found out that they just lasted a short time when they got that big. We tried bigger ones andthey didn't last at all. So we did .experimenting and if we hadn't b.een ab.le to fix them that way, we'd been out of powera lot because we just couldn't overload without it. That's one thing about things like that, you know. Why, we were experiment- ing and it worked out. You're a pretty good fellow, but if it don't work out, you should have known better.SG: Right.MP: But we had a lot of things up there that way. Things that would
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 18break down, and there's nothing in the manual that'll tell you anything ab.out it. And you had to experiment to see if you could fix them. Mos.t of the time you could, but once in a while we'd run into scmiething that was a little beyond us, but it worked out all right in the long run. Life was very interesting. You know, when you have a whole s:ystem to take care of, even though it's small, you have so many diversified problems that your job is a lot more interesting than if you're just doing one thing. NowI came down here with the idea that I would stay about two or three years, and when another job came up that I wanted, I'd get out on it. B:ut the type of jobs that I could get onwas. mostly jus:t one thing. Some was inside work, and I had worked ins.ide some and didn't like it at that time. And I thought, "Well, I'm sure I won't like ins.ide work." But outside mayb.e wasn't the thing to do. That didnlt interest me like having all these other things. It's: just no comparison really. So nothing ever came along, and I'm glad now that it didn't because I enjoyed my workall the time I was there. I like the country, and there is no place that I would have had a chance to go that I'd like to live the way I did here.S.G: So it worked out very well for you?MP: Well, it worked out. I had lived in Salt Lake a couple of years
 MARS POPE I l l P AGE 1 9going to school. I certainly didn't like that. I was used to the open spaces, see, and I was raised that way. Not speaking to your next door neighhor didn't even appeal to me at all. I didn't like that. I liked smaller places. They appeal to mea lot more than the larger ones. So I--oh, I got interested in civic work like that. I always belonged to the civic clubs, and I was on the city council for six years, and I was the mayor.When I retired from the power company, one of the commissioners had died a couple of months before and I was invited to take that job. I was appointed than and I've been elected since. I've always been interested in that kind of work. You'd have to be. When I was on the city council, we got a dollar and a quarter a month. That was our salary.SG: I assume you weren't in it for the money?MP: That is the only job I ever had where my salary was daub.led. Forthe last two years I was on there, we got two and a half a month. Never had that happen before.SG: To go back to the power company, when did the hundred and fi£.ty kilowatt engine come in? During World War Two?MP: I don't remember. It was before World War Two, yes. It was in the late thirties.
 MARS POPE ltl PAGE 20SG: And this lasted. So you had the two engines up until--well, at least until after World War Two, then?MP: Now wait a minute. We got a Cat Diesel too. I'm mistaken. Our first b.igger engine wouldn't work this little hundred--just didn't carry it so they took that out and sent it to Vernal and they bought us a Cat Diesel--first. And, oh, I think it was only ahundred kilowatts, but it was a lot better machine. But we hadn't had it very long till we had to buy .this other big diesel. And we had that a number of years., and we bought two more. They took over the system at Lehi, Utah. They had a municipal setup there. And to take them over, they had to buy them out. They had these two diesel engines which were Fairbanks-Morris engines, I always. felt that one of the reasons Lehi sold out was because these old engines were worn out, and they didn't feel that theywanted to replace them. So the power company bought them, aridsent them down to us. S.G: Lucky for you.MP: Because they were worn out! But we got along with them. One of the reasons we did is that we had such a good crew up ther.e that knew what to do to keep them repaired.SG: Do you remember when the first real expansion came in terms of power being used?
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 21MP: Well, I don't remember the year. It was when the mining first came in, though, that we really had expansion. The other was just gradual growth.SG: Up until then, you didn't have real problems?MP: No. No, we didn't have any real problems except we'd get to thepoint where we didn't have enough power and we'd run into a little trouble keeping the power on. And then the power company did bring in more engines to keep us going. But you always had toget to the point where you couldn't quite give service before they'd break down and give you more. As long as you could getby with what you had, they were not going to put anything else in there. And, of course, I guess that's the policy everywhere. But sometimes we felt down here that they were a little slowin recognizing that we needed more equipment.SG: You were kind of a stepchild to them?MP: Yes, we always: felt that way. We always felt that everytimewe'd order new equipment, before it got down to us, someoneelse got it, and we got second hand stuff.SG: At the time the uranium b.oom was beginning, how much power wereyou able to generate off these four machines? Approximately?MP: Oh, let's see. We had, as I recall it, about 550 to 600 kilowatts.I could b.e off some on that, but that's about what it was.SG: So in the twenty years, there wasn't that much in expansion at
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 22all then?MP: No. A little bit came, but there wasn't much more population.The only reason we had to get that big was people started getting refrigerators, electric stoves, and there's where your~-load-.;oamein. It wasn't from the increase or growth of population. Although I think we probably gained 40, 50 percent, I'd say, in population during that whole time.SG: Ahout what would be the average daily usage then? Any: idea? Say ab.out 1950?MP: Well, no, I really don't recall. I don't think you'd have an average use of over--well, you might go to a hundred kilowatts, but I kind of doubt it too. Now· people that had electric ranges, of course, they w.ould--IPhone interruption] But I would say your average use would be closer to fifty because you still had a lot of people who wouldn't hardly use the minimum. You'd have others that would go over it. But I don't really have any idea. I couldn't just say it was a certain amount.SG: The city itself would only use about fifty?MP: Well, most people I don't think--well--SG: I'm just trying to get an approximate. I don't mean to--1 wouldguess right ab.out that probably close to that. Of course, it made a big difference. Rates went down and people would start
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 23SG: MP:to use more equipment. You know, attention fifteen cents a kilowatt, you're not going to us.e an awful lot.Yeah.•Because it---?--- they're---?---. See, our rates were higher than they were any place else on the whole system. Now when they first built this line in, we got the rates just like--the same rates as they had over the rest of their inter-connected system. We had a big expansion and growth because when your rates were down from ten to around two and a half, why, you can afford to use this, and they've gradually come down ever since, as far as that's concer.ned. Most of the power now is sold for less than a cent a kilowatt, where our charge used to be ten cents.What year did tfue line first come down? The first line? I don't recall.Was it before the--?Not before the boom. No, that's the reason they brought ±L.iu. Is that the forty-four thousand volt line that you're talking ab.out?SG: MP: SG: MP: SG:MP: Yeah, that's it. And that served the purpose until they needed to furnish the load down in the mining district. And of course they had to have a lot more power hecause there were different
 MARS POPE 1/1 PAGE 24mines, and they used quite a lot of power. They had to have a little more power to bring in a higher voltage line so you didn't have so much line loss. A few years after the line was b:u:rillt though, they built this second line, as I was telling you, clear down tb the mining district down here south of La Sal. But, of course, then we had a double line down that far, so if there was any trouble on the lines, .those mines wouldn't he out of power.Most of the time when you have the single line, why, you have troub.le. It may take you a number of hours to repair it, and you have a bunch of irate customers hecause it sure shuts them down. If you shut a mine down and none of their men can do anything for several hours, that would cost them a lot of money.And so you've just ab.out got to have it, so at least you cantake care of them personally at that. After we put our firsthigh voltage line down, there were two REA companies interconnectedwith us just west of La Sal: the San Miguel Power Company, andI forget the name of the other one. But they couldn't supply their customers. They didn't have power enough, so they took power from us, oh, for s.,everal years. And then they got inter- connected with Flaming Gorge Stand(_?) when it was built, sothat they quit taking from Utah Power. But we furnished westernColorado over here with quite a lot of power at least for a few
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 25SG:MP:years.Do you rememb.er during the uranium boom what size work force you had working for you?Well, when it first started, we only had four operators at the plant regular. There was one man that worked with me four daysa week, and worked a sw.ing shift up there one day. We just had the two that could work in the field. And it was just impossible to keep up with the work.And how large did the force expand to?W ell--Approximately?Well, let's see. When I quit ·.the power company, there was a manager, ab.out six on the line crew, a storekeeper, and a steno- grapher, and I worked out in the fields besides that. And we transferred that to two of them, and they was busy all the time.And what year was this that you quit?Oh, it was just around the first year of the boom. Now just what year it was I don't remember. I never could keep track. And,of course, at that time, too, even with the expanded crew, often times line crews were sent from Price or American Fork down here if we had any line emergencies that were big, but they still had to have help. Of course, they did that before when there wasSG: MP: SG: MP:SG: MP:just the two of us here. When there was more than one or two
 MARS POPE IllPAGE 26pole extensions, why, they had to send somebody down because we just didn't have the time, didn't have the equipment, and twomen can't very well raise a pole along when that's all you had. And when y-ou get inexperienced men that don't know what to do, it's- dangerous. But we raised a lot of service poles, the two of us, by lifting it up and putting it on the cab of the pickup. One man would be standing in the back of the truck, and then backing up and under, and pusing up the pole. We did that, which was- very- dangerous. B.ut we did put a lot of them in that way.SG: Did you ev.ar have any accidents from th.is?MP: The fellow in the back of the truck had to jump off a few times,but we were lucky. ::SG: A few near misses?MP: We shouldn't have done it. It was very foolish for us to do it that way hut like I was saying earlier, with people just crowding you for service, and all you had was a set of poles and wirefor them, why, you did things that probably shouldn't have b.een done. It was awful hard then, when people was after you, tosay, ''No_, we'11 just wait for a line crew to come down. We can't give you service.'' B.ecaus.e to th.em, you're the company. And as long as you're the company, you're supposed to be in a position
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 27to do the work. Rut if the company don't give you help, why, then you're not in a position to do it. You just can't help it.SG: You mentioned that you had to have state approval before youcould expand. B.esides your own company, was there also the state?MP: Oh no, this w.as the company? SG: Strictly the company?MP: You'd draw a sketch of where someb.ody lived, 'for instance, andput it on the line in relation to your line, and you proposedwhat to do to give them service. Now that had to be approved b.efore you were supposed to do the work. And, of course, some- times what we'd proposed to do might not meet with their approval, But rather than wait, sometimes we'd get it and go ahead ariddo it the way we though it should b.e done. That wasn't the waythey thought:.it shoulld-~b.e::.do.n~ of course, and they're the b.oss. SG: Yeah. Now who is. the person that's approving this?MP: It has to go through our district office in American Fork. First, it had to go to Price. We were under Price to start with. Well, Price was the district, and American Fork was the divis.ion that took in from the Point of the Mountain to here. And it's just like anything else, when you get two hundred people waiting here
 MARS POPE # 1 P AGE 2 8at Quarters, you're not in very good contact. You just can't do it. And especially when you had to set it up through Price, and then up to them, and ·they'd send it back through Pr.ice, and then to us. It just took so long that it just didn't work out.SG: How long was this? Was this a month, two months?MP: Well, ordinarily it was ab.out that.SG: Then it was really--MP: You never got anything back in under two weeks. And if itamounted to anything you wouldn't get it back for months. Sometimes you--oh, very s.eldom, though, I'd say it went longer than that.I just didn't feel they were equipped to take care of all of the work up there either. We had so much extra work down here besides their regular chores, and I think they had all they could dobefore getting to us. Well, when you're sending up maybe two or three every day, it just put them so that they couldn't take care of it. Can't blame them any more than us because they just didn•t have any manpower.SG: So the whole system was understaffed.HP: I felt they were. At least if it wasn't, I don't see why theycouldn't look those over and have them back to you in a coupleof days at the longest. But it didn't work out that way.SG: Was. there any state regulations that affected you that you had
 MARS POPE ill PAGE 29to worry about? MP: No.SG: There weren't any state regulations?MP: No, there wasn't anything from the state. :¥ou'd just get a--of course, you had to have a franchise from the state to serve a certain territory, and then it's up to you to serve it. Of course, I understand the state has some regulations on how you can b.uild your lines and thfuigs like that, but, of course, that company was building them up to standard anyway. Whether they had regulations or not, you'd have to do that for your own safety and all, and cost of operation. You've got to have a standard. So there's no question there. Of course after th~y·did get ·tll,e b.oom interconnection line, they extended our territory. I know here for years I covered--let's see, I had Green Riverand Thompson up here, Moab, and all these lines south, as faras Mexican Hat. And, well, it was about--the territory is twohundred miles long without your branch lines. But getting meters read, I read all the meters out south in these mining areas.They had the man (?) meters in here, and they're a little different than more of th.em~ Sometimes I'd only get twentymeters in a day. It was hard to get to these meters, better than two hundred a day, and here you're only getting twenty,
 MARS POPE ill PAGE 30and I says, they don't drive a hundred and fifty miles to gettheirs.SG: Did any other power company b.id on this expanded territory? MP: We have San Miguel on REA that served the eastern part of thiscounty. They come in from Monticello country and build up towhat we call Castle Valley up here and the ranches on the river, as. far north, I think, to what we call Parley Dome, just before you get to Colorado. They've got that isolated country allserved. While I'm all in favor of the REA doing what they were set up to do, to serve isolated communities that private companies just can't afford to go to. And I don't begrudge what little taxes--at leas.t what I'd have to pay--so these people can have power. But I do draw the line when they start to compete with power companies that have to pay taxes, and they pay very little tax. I think their lines in this county is assessed at a hundred dollars a mile, and the power company at four hundred a mile. That's the difference in tax rate.SG: That's a pretty healthy difference.MP: And they can borrow from the goverrnnent's note at around threepercent less. It's not fair to let them go into competition. Now since I've heen on the county conrrnission, that was brought home very forcefully to me because you've got to have senior
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 30tax base. You wouldn't want them to come in and be able to serve in the territory that the power company does because you want the bigger tax hase. In a small place like this you've got to getall the tax base you can, and you wouldn't have near enough. Of course, a lot of--like the roads we have. A lot of our roadsthat we did maintain did go to these uranium mines, see. We have some as far north as this side of the highway that goes to Grand Junction. There is what we call the Yellow Cat District out there, and there's quite a few mines out there. We have roads down through that territory and different mines that were downon the Green River. We maintain roads down there, and we have better than seven hundred miles of roads in this county that we maintain, and we don't have that many people for that many miles of road. A lot of these roads do go to the uranium mines that are still being operated.SG: So then there were territorial conflicts between the REA power companies and the Utah power company itself?MP: What?SG: Territorial conflicts over who was going to service these areas?MP: W ell, once in a while. This. Rea put in an application to theUtah pub.lie service people to expand their territory to the west, and closer to where Utah Power and Light was serving. And i n f act,
 MARS POPE ill PAGE 31I think they put in a hid to serve Dead Horse Point down here at State Point down the river. Of course it was protested by the power company, and they were not allowed to come in b.ecause they felt that the power company right closest should he the ones to serve instead of them. I didn't foresee that Utah Power had already a line down the river to the potash mill. They're somuch closer. Even if they built from our line that goes up to Sunnyside, it is so much closer than the REA wotild b.e that they should be the ones to serve it.SG: So the Utah Power has serviced most of the area that they've wanted to serve?MP: Well, they have good coverage all over where they are except just the isolated places. Now where the REA went in up there for what few people were up there, the power company couldn't afford togo up there. They'd have to charge rates so much higher than theREA. And they put them in places where a private company wouldn't even think of putting theirs. I've seen places hooked up downin San Juan County, that how they ever built them, I don't know. There was this one that was just a tent. All we had was a tenton a frame and they built over to this place. We used two orthree poles, and hung a transformer, and I don't think thosepeople was there six months. They was just there temporary. Well,
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 32the more customers they can pick up, no matter whether they can call it a valid customer or not, why, the more money they can get s.uo.sidized. They just don't care. Of course, they've got to care some, but what I mean is with the different subsidies, they can build to people that the power company can't.SG: To kind of change the s.ub.ject--MP: Of course, maybe I'm a little prejudiced working for the powercompany. 1•11 admit mayb.e I am. B:Ut that's just the way Ilook at it.SG: Well, to kind of change the subject a little bit. Were the roadconditions any problem for you back when you were working forthe electric company?MP: Roads. were a prohlem at that time. You take the roads out tothis mining district. They were pretty crude, some of them.I know when you go over a road that is maybe four or eighteen inches wider than your car, and you drop down maybe five, sixhundred feet, you've kind of got your foot in your mouth. SG: You take it slow?MP: You sure do! Had been times_when we had had storms that I was jus·t afraid to drive on s.ome of them. I just wouldn't do it. Now-most of thes.e roads like this, though, are what I'd call short cuts. It's easier for me to go to this point maybe a
 MARS POPE #1PAGE 33couple of miles over one of these terrible roads than it w:as to go hack here and drive twenty or thirty on a fairly good road.So you take these just to save time. I know I took my wife downwith me once, and she said, "That's enough." She never drove again.SG: So most of the time then, the roads. were good enough that you did have access- to--MP: Oh no. Well, I tell you, when you're used to driving that type of road, and I had some experience when I was first learningto drive even in Vernal County which was all primitive roads, you might say, you get so you know what you can do and whatyou can't do. When you've got a dangerous situation, you recog- nize it more, I think, than people that haven''.t had enough ex- perience on these rough roads. You get a pretty good idea of what you're doing.SG: So somebody just coming down from Salt Lake City wouldn't have made it? Prob.ably?MP: I think probably they wouldn't have even tried. And in the winter when it goes out here, yo~ know we have quite a bit of snow. Well, when there's. jus.t about s.o much snow, you know when you'd better not try it. There's no s·ens.e going out there and getting stuckand not getting back. And if you got about so much, why you go
 MARS POPE 1/1 PAGE 34SG: MP:SG:MP: SG: MP:SG: MP:ahead, and maybe if you get up to a foot, eighteen inches, then you have your daub.ts as to whether you're going to make it or not.Did you have a four-wheel drive vehicle to use?Oh no. Just a worn out Ford. After that we had a Chevy. But it was always. just two wheel drive--everything . No one had any four wheels hardly in those days, as I recall.Now you mentioned that you served on the city council. Do you remember what the first year was?Oh, I think it was about--oh., '38.So you started serving quite early since you had been here?Yes. I hadn't been here very long. '38 or '40, I don't remem- h.er exactly.Do you remember what were the major problems at that time?Our major problem was water. We didn't have--all the water came from Lewis Spring up above this park bath we had. And it just wouldn't serve the population, so while I was still on there, we bought another spring southeast of this with quiteab.it of hill in between and ran a line up to it. And then that gave us plenty for a while. Then when you'd get the s.ticky hot weather, though., we wouldn't have enough water andwe'd have to take lawn turns. And that didn't work out too good,
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 35because instead of sprinkling, they'd just leave an open hole which was worse. It got to the point where we had to go aroundat night and check people to see whether they was using anything like this. We had to get quite tough with them, too, because they'd just keep doing it. We'd get to where we'd catch people doing that, and we'd just cut the water off, and then chargethem for a reconnection. And that's the only way we couldcontrol it. Well, we didn~t control it, but we held it. But,you know, it's awful hard to tell people that they can't usewater and pretty their lawns up. But you still got to keep culinary water whether you're lawn dies or not. But if peoplepaid any attention to it reasonably, they got along all right.Just the people that turned their sprinklers on and leave themin one spot for hours, which you don'·t need. Those are the people that you'd like to--I mean, when you're short, you sure liketo tell them they got to quit using it. They're the kind that cause you trouble. It isn't the people that use their judgment.They got along all right. But the people that turn it on and · leave it in one spot, they're the ones that have their lawn bu:tn up because they don't move their hose often enough. You don'thave to do that b.ecause I experimented with my own. I knew how if you kept it going, sometimes it would get a little brown, but
 MARS POPE Ill P AGE 36if you'd water it every other day , and you didn' t have to water it very long, why, we got along all right. I f you move i t often just to keep it moist, it's not as nice as you'd like, bu t i t' ll do it.SG: How long did this water shortage last? MP: Every sunnner.SG: Lasted---?---·you had to---?--- even before the uranium came? MP: You always have a dry spell here. You know, ordinarily you'dnever get any rain in June. And then in July, you could figure on getting the rains. And once the rains started, then you didn't have s.o much trouble. You might have a spell there thatwould give you a little, and you'd get enough rains that would help you out so that you didn't--oh, maybe six weeks ordinarily would mayhe be your critical time.SG: What sort of problems did the uranium industry cause on this water shortage? Did they--MP: Well, the big thing was so many people come in here that theyjust had to expand, that's all. And they bought a numb.er of other springs. up here. This country is very fortunate that way. There are lots. of s:prings up on this south side in what we call Pack Creek Country. They bought a numb.er of those, and then theybnught a ranch up there just to get their water r i ght. They dug
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 37a lot of wells. Th.ey have some good wells up there. We have quite a underground flow of water that comes down through that country and all the people that live mostly, say, a mile anda half out from town here, up to there they have all their own wells. There's no culinary waters up through that territory. And nobody's had any troub.le.SG: Was water, though, a problem like the power was, that they were running short for a few years there just trying to catch up with the growth? Or were they ab1e to meet it as it came?MP: Well, when they started to come in, they were able to buy these water rights from this ranch~ for instance. They got it pumped in, and of course they had a little short age, but not bad.They were in position that they would see what they had to have, and they could forestall anything critical before it affected us. The way they were situated,1was that they could drill awell, and it don't take long to drill one. They already had their line up in this territory, and it didn't take much line to build to get over to it, so they could increase their water supply fairly quick.SG: So things never deteriorated to the point where it did with the power?MP: Well, not critically. They were ---.?--- And they had their
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 38problems sure, b.ut nothing like us up at the power company did. Of course, like I said, when I was in---?--- we had our prob- lems then, but that was before the boom. That was just a grad- ual growth. And then the hot spells, we knew we was going to have them every summer, but we didn't have any revenue in those days. We couldn't do anything.SG: What kind of budget were you working under, approximately? MP: Oh, I think our taxes was only ab-0ut twelve, thirteen hundreddollars. That's all we got in taxes. The rest was all from water revenue, and I don't remember just what that was. Wasn't too much.• I know we paid the marshal! $100 a month. And I think our other superintendant w.as paid $125.SG: Water then was the chief expenditure of the city?MP: Yes, it was chief. Nothing else was very much. Oh, we'd pass out hills, then add to it when funds were available. We oftendidn't have any money.SG: Besides the pow.er and the water problems, was there also a prob-lem with. the gas company? Did they also have shortages, do youknow?MP: Well, when they built that, it was a private company. It wasn'tfrom here! A fellow named Laughlin was from the Utah Gas Company.
 MARS POPE # 1 P AGE 3 9They got a franchise to serve. Let's see, they got Monticello,Moab., and V ernal.SG: This was all after World War Two then?MP: Yeah. And they'd buy gas from El Paso and distribute it. Sothey never did have trouble 1:iecause they always had all kindsof gas from this El Pas.o line.SG: Outside of the water, what would be another problem back whenyou were serving on the city council?MP: Well, of course, they had trouble with their sewer plant facility.They had, of course, to enlarge it all the time. It had to be changed, location and everything, put in a lot more equipment.And, of course, the state got a lot stricter. [Interruption]Of course, they just finished putting in more equipment, expanding their facilities last year. But I think they've kept up better than most small places in the state in both water and sewer.SG: Were there any subsidies available for the water or for the sewage treatments from federal or state sources that they were able to use?MP: Well, I don't recall whether they did or not. If they did, it wasn't very much. Mostly b.ond issues.SG: You had to finance it pretty much yourself then?MP: Yeah. And the same with. the school now. When we first started
 MARS POPE 1/1 PAGE 40this school up here on the next corner, it was the school forthe whole town. They had two buildings there. It was high school in the one and grade schools in the other, and when they started getting this influx of people, they built what we call the---?--- high school down here. ---?--- the whole thing. Before they got it completed, it couldn~t even hold them, sothey had to run doub.le classes. Then they built this southeast elementary school, and they were running double classes when thatwas completed. They took this one, the first one, for a junior high., and it wasn't b.ig enough for the junior high, so they had to put an addition on it. And then they built a senior high over here, and they're crowded for room in it right now. Last year they built an auditorium, a gymnasium, and a lot more on thisone. And I think at present they put an addition on both our elementary schools. too--quite large additions. So I think at the present time they hold their capacity in that school space. I understand that they're doing something to the hfugh school. They're building some more out there. It's up for contract now.SG: Has the uranium boom caused all that?MP: Boom caused all the extra population, no. I was told by a teacherthat the people lived here and the mines were in San Juan County. They got all th.e taxes, and we got all the people to take care of.
 M A R SP O P E 111 P A G E 4 1Of course, we wanted the people, there's no question ab.out it, but it sure would have helped us if we had s.ome of thos.e mines inthis county, so we'd get some of the tax base. See, they jumped up in evaluation in San Juan County·. I don't think they wereover 6 or 7 million, if they- were that much, and they went upto 152 million tax base. And we have grown from about 8 to about 20 million. We're ab.out 22 million this year. But in San Juan County, they have lost two thirds: of theirs now. They' re onlyabout 50 million. Of course, that's still two and a half what we are. I told them that when they- started crying about howtheir evaluation has gone down, I says I wish we had what yougot left. But--SG: And they don't serve nearly as many people with that extra money? MP: They have probably, oh, maybe a thousand more people in San JuanCounty than we have here. Just like I was saying, if people wanted to live here instead of down there, the country's nice enough,but they have more severe winters than we have. We don't havesevere winters here at all. And we have better facilities, I think. We had more theaters., and indoor swimming pools, and parks, and things that Monticello didn't have at that time. It just seemed that they-•d rather live here than there. So we gotthe population and that's. the main thing. A big share of these
 MARS POPE tll PAGE 42SG:MP: SG:MP:people, as I say, worked in San Juan County while living here. Were you serving on the county commission when the boom was goingon?No, no, I just hung on the connnission in '62--ten years later.So there were still quite a few problems that were left over from the uranium boom when you came on?No, not as far as the county was concerned. The only problem--I don't know· if it's· a problem yet, but of course anytime the schools as.k for a bond issue to build schools, why, you knowyou always support your schools. And we are pretty heavily bonded for a small place like this. We happen to have a bad slump. We've heen having our troubles because we are heavily bonded. Some of those bonds took twenty to thirty years. When you do that, why, it's too long, too much interest, and-- Sometimes you just can't avoid it.RU:t you can't do otherwis:e. You can only bond, and you can only put on so many taxes to pay it. You can't overburden your people that way. Of course, we b.onded quite a bit. We bonded for $240,000 to build this. addition here at the courthouse, but weonly honded that for ten years. On that, we'll pay them off this year~ And $150,00.0 on our airport out here. We've got five more years to pay on that. We only pay fifteen thousand a year on thatSG: MP:
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 43for ten years. I take it back. We've only got eight years on this one. But it cuts your interest down so much that I think it's better to tax a little more and pay a little quicker, especially if your mill levy isn't too high. Now, we don't have a bad mill levy here for our county. It's only ten mills. Now that covers out deht service and all. But I think if you'd charge mayhe a mill or tw;o extra a year and pay 'em off quicker, you're lots better off. The total levy in the city here isaround seventy-four, I think, and two extra mills ought to send--nobody will hardly notice the difference, and they can pay itoff so much faster.SG: Did the mill levy go up once the uranium boom came in because ofthe---?---?MP: No, no, it went down. When I first went on the commission, wewere a little better than fourteen mills and we practically dropped it down to ten. But we're a little low. We can'thardly run on ten. We overestimated our revenues, our salestax, and our mine leasing tax, like the BLM. We get a certain percent of the money they take in for mineral leases that wecan put on the roads.. And then, of course, we had a half a cent sales. tax, and that has dropped to ab.out half. Our mineral leas:ing has dropped a lot. The s.tate has annexed these lands,
 MARS .POPE Ill PAGE 44like down here in the park Canyonlands. See, the state owns four sections in every town site. And when they take those lands, they can select other government lands to replace it. Well, they have taken an awful lot of land up in the mountains here for oil and gas, that there was leases on. They have all the land south of us clear to the Colorado border and alongthe ·Green River. When the state takes over, we don't get any- thing. All their leases go into the Uniform State School Fund. So we los-e everytime the state gets- an exchange then. We lose as .far as funds are concerned here. I realize that the state school needs the money, but I don't think they should take somuch land out of one county and take the revenue from us, whereas these b.igger counties, they don't lose a bit of ground. We lose it and it hurts us because our revenue drops from those le~ses from about fifteen to twenty thousand dollars, and in a little county like this, that hurts.SG: Yeah, that is a pretty good amount for this--MP: And it goes to the school. The money that comes from the resourceof this county goes to the school, and it's unfair to us, Ithink.SG: Do you rememb.er what the mill levy was, say, back before 1952?MP: I don't know-what is. was_ then. I don't recall what levies were
 MARS POPE # 1 P AGE 4 5until I went on the commission in '62, you know. It was 14.41 at that time, and the last two years we've been to 10. We were at 11 once.SG: I bet you can rememb.er this from your own tax bill. Did it seem like it was pretty steady throughout the uranium years, or do you remember that your own tax hill was going up and down?MP: Well, the tax hills are up from what they used to he because the levy isn't up. B'.ut for the s-tate to get a unifonn tax law all over the state, it has made different counties come up on their evaluations. We were low here. There's no question about it. Practically every darr.n: county in the state was low. Some of themwere lots lower than we were, but we have come up pretty wellon our evaluations except for land. Now we're still low on land. We'll have to come up again. But improvements are up. When they got through on my place, why, the value of my improvements just doubled one year when the state revalued these. Of course, in that way, that makes your tax go up although your levy isn't up. But most of our money to keep going on comes from increases inother evaluations:, like the power plant goes through---?---.Like the power company and the telephone company, they build new lines. in this new uranium mill out here and took them to the potashmill. When you get those kind of companies in, it increases your
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 46tax base a lot. There's w.here our b.ig increase comes from, those things. And the missle base over here at Green River, you see, on this side of Green River in Grand County, and that's wherethe missile base is, and so we get quite a bit of tax from those people too. Now if we'd lose those industries, we'd lose a good lot of our tax b.ase. In fact, the ,·.state. taxes on mines, power lines, telephone lines, and gas lines, and everything else,that's all taxed b.y the state. And I think they're evaluationis about 8 million out of our 22~is that type of taxable property. So it's when those kinds of things folded up that we'd be hurt.SG: What kind of problems were caused by housing back in the influx? MP: Oh, just like I was. saying, anybody would just beg for any kindof place, a room, or a place to put a trailer, or anything.There just wasn't housing. People camped out all along theriver down here. They camped out in tents, anything they could get anyplace. The hous.ing developed fast, but they still couldn't get enough housing.SG: What kinds of problems still remain from this? You mentioned the trailers. What kind of problems do you have now? Is it just a proble.m of aesthetics., you know_-, the sight--does it look goodor what?MP: I don't think we really have any prob.lems now. I think they're
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 47pretty well solved. They've got a city ordinance so you can'tput trailers in. You don•t have trailers sitting everyplace in town like we used to. They have nice trailer parks, and we still have a lot of trailers here, b.ut most of them are in trailer parks. I don't think we have any serious problems.SG: Well, how about the change in the agriculture in this area? This used to be quite heavily agriculture, almost right to the city borders, the farmers were starting. Has this changed? It used to b.e that your farms almost used to b.e to the city borders.MP: Well, in fact, they were in the city.SG: Has this change in the farming community around here had anyeffect on the--?MP: It's completely changed. We don't hardly have any farming anymore.SG: Has this caused any problems for the city or the county?MP: Well, I'll tell you the big problem in my estimation is ouryoung people. It used to be, you know, we didn't have whatyou'd call a lot of farming here, but we had a lot of fruit growing. That took quite a few people to take care of this. And ouryoung used to he able to get work in these orchards on on thefarms. You've taken it aw.ay now, and these young people justdon•t have, a place to get a job. And that always creates a prob- lem because when you have a bunch of young people, and today
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 47they have automobiles, you know. They either have them or their folks let them have theirs. When they don't have anything todo, kids are going to get more or less in trouble. That's all there is to it. That's only natural.SG: Yeah.MP: I don't blame the kids. I blame society for not being able tofunction and get them something to do. But what it would be,I don't know. I'm just not smart enough to answer that question. I'm on the CAT Board. That's the board for low income people,to try to help them out. We have a four county organization downhere. They can help the poorer people, but that is people with only a certain amount of income. Like I told them in our county, our problem is to help the kids, to get them something to do,not these others. I don't have nothing against them. It's just that we don't have enough of them. We have some. I think we only have about ten in this county, though, that come under that.Well, give them---?--- to take care of ten kids like the county. The BLM would work them, and they want us to furnish a little cement and like that, which we agreed to do. But ten kids onour population is just a small drop in the bucket. Of course,a lot of these kids get work in the stores and service stations in the sunnner. But there's only enough to take care of twenty-
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 48five percent of the kids, maybe a little more. I don't know.We just have too many young people that have nothing but leisuretime, can't get a job.. And if they don't, sooner or later, a lotof them are going to run into trouble.SG: Do a large percentage of the kids, when they reach age eighteen,leave the area now?MP: Yes, nearly all of our young people leave now. There's nothingto keep them here. A lot of them--well, not so many of them at eighteen, except they go to school. We have a big percentage of our high school graduates that go onto college. Well, when they get through with college, there's nothing for them to come hack to here, and they take a job someplace else.SG: So you're actually developing an older population here, then? MP: Well, it will be eventually. Now, at the present time, it isn'tthat way because when they opened the potash mill down here, they had to b.ring in miners. They e.mploy ·around 450 people at that time. They're down to about 200 now, and they're going to drop still farther. But families that came in here were nearly all young people, nearly· all of them. There were very few· middle aged. And so that made the average age of our pop-ulation in this county low. Now the few older people like me have b.een here all the time, hut all our new people are young
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 49people, so that we don't have no old ones.SG: So if you were abie to create some more jobs, you really wouldn'thave any problem there? MP: Is what?SG: If you were able to get some more jobs, then would you be able to correct this?MP: Oh, yes, yes. I don't think we'll have any trouble, no. You see, just ·'.south they' re drilling for this Rio Mine down in San Jucan County, and I think when that goes into operation, I just feel sure that the majority of their workers will come right here. And so it'll help us as far as population is concerned. And we'd rather have them. I'd lots rather have them come here, you know, than go someplace else.SG: Do you know ab.out what percent of your budget is going to the debt, roughly? I mean, how much?MP: How was that again?SG: Do you know approximately how much of your budget right nowtowards paying off your debt? You were mentioning that earlier. MP: Grand County is ab.out a million and a half.SG: And what is_ the total budget right now?MP: Ten.
 MARS POPE Ill PAGE 50SG: Ten? Not counting the deb.t, what is the major expenditure for the county- right now-?MP: Well, roads for one thing. That's one of our biggest expenses. And the salaries of the county offices are our biggest expenses.SG: Are the salaries in the county here, are they about average for the state, or a little lower or a little higher?MP: No, well, we're average with the smaller counties. We're not up to the ·salaries of the b.igger counties. I'm sure they're more than we are. We pay more than most counties do, but the bigger counties pay more than we do. They're--S,G: As of right now, what do you view as the main prob.lems for the county? Not counting the problems or lack of jobs for the kids.MP: Well, our main problem right now is our airport. We built an airport out here. We had one just up the valley here about six miles. But Frontier Airlines come into serve us, and when they wanted to go to bigger planes, they said they couldn't use this air field up here. We had some awful bad air currents. Thefact is they told us. it's. about the worst they were ever en~ countered by anyb.ody, anywhere. And, of course, all pilots toldus. that, so he wasn't exaggerating. We know that. And the only thing we could do is· get away from where there were cliffs, likewe have in this country. So we built this airport about eighteen
 MARS POPE #1 PAGE 51miles out along the highway here. And they built it on what they call Mancos shale, and that had a tendency to heave. Caused the humps in there now. Now we have a lot of that troubles and have had ever since we b.uilt the darn thing. And we just had one bad place come in yesterday or the day before yesterday they called me about,it. I haven't been out to look at it. But just whatwe can do, we don't know. Now the federal aviation people inthis state and some research people--we hired Isbel(?) Corp- oration to make a study of this field out here. And they'vecome up with a number of different ideas. And now they're getting them all together, and they're going to be down here--supposedto be. We're going to talk over different things--what might be done. Well, I don't know what can be··\ done. It's a problem that nobody has been able to solve yet. The state has never been able to solve it on their roads. Whenever they go across this Mancos shale, as they call it, they get these ---?---. And nobody's ever got the solution. They think they've found some thingsthat help, but nothing that has cured. Now whether they've come up with something, I don't know. They said they had a number of different ideas, but it will cost us up to a million dollars. Andwhat we can do, I don't know if we can solve it. Of course, we always have some real probiems, but nothing that we ean't live
  MARSPOPE- ill PAGE 52SG: MP: SG:MP:SG: MP: SG: MP:with.There is nothing major then?Right at the present, that's. our major problem.Are there any other connnents you'd like to make about the county or about the power company?No, I don't think that there is. I probably cover.ed a lot more than what you'd he interested in anyway. I got to rambling around a little.It's been very interesting.But I don't know of anything else offhand. Okay, well thank you -very much.W ell, you're sure welcome.