 PRESTON REDD Blanding, UtahAn Interview ByGary Shumway, Suzanne Simon, and Dorothy ErickUniversity of Utah Uranium Oral History Project Tape No. 139July 21, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 21, 1970Tape #1:Family and Ancestors .......... . Cattle Ranching ............ . ChasesTwo Interesting IncidentsJohn W eatherall, ExplorerRun-ins With Indians . .The Mitchell and Merrick Mine ...... . John Keith and Other Indians.Driving Sheep on Navajo Land.Moving to KansasAn Unfortunate Incident Near Dodge City ..14 10 13 20 24 30 36 38 ¥ ¥ 45 47 50 53 55 . . 58 . 60 63 67Bill Long and his Help.Family and W eatherall's Last Days.. . .. ...Monument One and Two Claims Attempts to Stake the Claims. Fiasco with the Claims.Posey Mine.Other Claims.. .
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY DR. GARY SHUMWAY, SUZANNE SIMON AND DOROTHY ERICK WITH PRESTON REDD ON JULY 21, 1970 IN BLANDING, UTAH. [THIS IS PART OF THE URANIUM ARCHIVES PROJECT AT THE UNIVERSIT Y OF UT AH. INTERVIEW #1, TAPE #1.JGS: Well, tell us about your childhood and growing up years.PR: Well, I was born in Blanding in 1914 and my Grandfather Redd was one of the scouts that came in here sent by Brigham Young to--he was one of the four scouts that came in horseback to look out and find the site of Bluff where the balance [of the pioneers] later followed. My Grandmother Nielsen and my Grandfather Nielsen were not married at the time, but they were both within the first community that came in through the Hole in the Rock and settled in Bluff. I think that was in 1880. Well, it was before that wasn't it? [no] Well, I won't quote the day it's at. I think my Grandmother Nielsen was sixteen years old and she drove a team of mules and wagon all the way over from Parowan and across through Hole in the Rock and into Bluff. Granddaddy Redd, why with the four scouts that came in, there's a place out on the south end of the Elks that they call Lookout Hill that I've learned about in later years. On Christmas day or New Year's day, the one or the other, they were out of food. The snow was deep and they were about to giveup and turn back, but they--finally one of them was camped at the south end of Elk Mountain west of
 PRESTON REDD #1Blanding here about thirty miles. One of them decided to go up on this little knoll up at the foot of the mountain, and he went and climbed up on it and looked down and could see where Comb [Wash] empties into the San Juan River and decided they could get out of the snow. So they went on down there and got out of the snow, and I might mention--at the mouth of Comb[Wash] they met two prospectors who were on their way to Monument Valley and their names were Mitchell and Merrick. They tried to get these four scouts to go on with them down there. They said they knew where a rich silver mine was, but they [the four scouts] had been sent by Brigham Young to seek out this place for the rest of their families to come in later and settle. So they declined to go with them. However, they had several pack horses and a lot of groceries, and that was where the four scouts (including my grandfather) replenished them and give them some food. It lasted them until they got up to the mouth of Montezuma Creek where there was a trading post. They got replenished there, and then went back. [The prospectors were subsequently killed by the Navajos for trespassing on their holy Navajo Mountain.] Later on the pioneers came on this route that they lookedout to settle Bluff. That--the reason I mention that, 2
 PRESTON REDD # 1my grandfather on my father's side and my grandfather and grandmother on my mother's side were the first ones to come in to settle San Juan County down as far as [what today isJ known as Bluff. I was born inBlanding and my early childhood was spent working on the farms around here. It seemed like everybody in those days--that's all there was to do was livestock and farm. Later on when I was about eight years old I started to work for my uncles, the Nielsen Brothers,[the name of] the cattle company that they ran under at that time. I continued working for them pert near every summer until I graduated from high school. Times have changed considerably in the cattle business from those days to this [day]. I remember the first time I went out with my uncle Ed Nielsen. I left here right after school was out and went down to what they call Slick Horn and Bullet, and I think we were gone thirty-three days. When I got back I didn't expect any money, but one day Uncle Ed came down to the house and gave me thirty-three dollars which I figured--I didn't know there was that much money in the world at that time. I was really rich. But in those days they drove their cattle from down there and they delivered them in the spring of the year. They'd always sell them to Colorado buyers and you'd3
 PRESTON REDD # 1trail them from down there out across the state line in Colorado. They used to deliver out around Cahone and near Cortez and between Cortez and Dove Creek. Cattle in those days were always sold by the head, not by the pound, and when you got them out there, you kind of drove them between two horses, one of the buyer, one of the seller. You'd count your cattle, and then if they were ten dollars a head or twelve and a half a head--that was approximately the amount they brought in [according to] my first memories. And back in those days it seemed like they were making a lot more money than anybody else there, the stockmen in the country.GS: About how many head would you deliver and bring in? PR: The first time I went with them on my first guide they had over 1,200 head of sale stuff, and we took out and delivered in Colorado. And now the same rangeout there there's been reseeded by the government and it's really a lot better now than it was then. I planned to buy their calves this fall and they say 350 head is all they have. So I gave an idea of how the numbers have gone down over the years. I would say they ran 1,800 head of mother cows out there. That would be forty-eight years ago, and now they probably--maybe run approximately four hundred on the4
 PRESTON REDD # 1same permit on the mountain.GS: How do you explain the difference?PR: Well, it got overgrazed during this period of timeand then the government took over and reseeded it, and to me now I'd say it's the best it ever has been. At least it's the best it ever has been in my lifetime, and they generally leave more grass; there's more grass in the fall when they leave than there is when they start, so things are not overgrazed.GS: Would the government let them graze more on it?PR: No, that's all they'll let them graze on it. Yeah, if they could graze more they would. I personally thinkthat it would carry more and still hold its own, you know, or maybe gain a bit. I think from the point at least back there--in the thirties--it's been coming back ever since then and it takes. I don't think it will ever get back like it has beein in the past, but I think that's just through learning and education, you know. They don't run the livestock anywhere as compared to the way they used to. Even on private land, the idea is always to keep plenty of food.ss: Has the breed of livestock changed much since your early years?PR: Yes. I remember when I was a--this particular time 5
 PRESTON REDD # 1I'm telling you about the first time I went down there. The morning we were going to leave the headquarters on the winter range it was raining. I think I was about the only one that wasn't drowned out. There's no houses, no tents, no cabins. You just camped under the trees. They got out almost to the trail where we had all these cattle trails; there wasa log trail, and just when we got there there was a flash of 1ightning--it was about daylight and they [the cattle] all took off, you know, and knocked the side of the trail down. We got most of them gathered up, but one thing that stays in my memory, there was a big spotted steer that probably was eight or ten years old then, and Joe Nielsen (He was killed in a truck right this past winter. He was still runing cattle out in the same place and he was one of the Nielsens.) was riding a big sorrel horse going down to the edge of the trees chasing this steer and something more, but I can remember the big spotted steer. The horse slipped in a badger hole and fell down and I thought, "Well, that's the last time I'll ever see him alive." I figured he'd be dead when he got up. But he got up and said it didn't even knock the wind out of him and said that was the easiest fall he'd ever had, but the steer got away. I think6
 PRESTON REDD # 1it was really four years later when we actually got the steer out, so it would have been twelve to fifteen years old. It was branded KJ; it actually belonged to Kumen Jones. It had run out there years before and then they divided up. This was a wild steer and it had been there all the time, but they eventually got it out. It was really old when they did, past its prime. Well, you don't see any of thosethings any more, like spotted cattle.GS: What would have been the breed of--?PR: Well, it was the descendant of these Texas cattle.These Texas people brought [them] in here in the very beginning to run livestock, and then the people in Bluff bought them out. That was Albert Lyman, and he's still living, you know, the patriarch here. Well, the Nielsens--all the cattle more or less descended, [were] descendants from them, and that would be these old typical Texas Longhorns that actually started the--but they, of course, always bought the good bulls. Over the years they've been bred up. I do a lot in cattle now and have been around livestock in the last twenty-five years, and are to me, I think, some of the best cattle, that is range cattle, out there. I don't think you can findany better cattle that we have around here now, 7
 PRESTON REDD #1quality-wise. They've come a long way this first--- ?--- I'm telling you about.SS: I wonder how those 350 that they take to market compare pound wise with--PR: The 350 they took to market now, I was talking to Dee Reese the other day about how his cattle--about what his calves weigh. I think he told me last fall they sell them now as weaners. They were born in the spring and they sell them in the fall. He told me last year that their steers weighed 450 pounds. I would say that the cattle I referred to on this drive, when we got them out, they were yearlings. They'd be six or eight months older and I would say that they wouldn't weigh 450 pounds when we'd delivered them in Colorado. They'd be six or eight months older than these are now. So I--that gives you a good a comparison of the--I'd say that at least a third and possibly half or better in the same period of time now then they were then.SS~ Well, let's move on to--oh, Dorothy has a question. DE: I was wondering, is the government doing any subsidizing since they will allow only a certainamount of cattle to be grazed on this land?PR: Ah, the way it is with the government, you have to contend with it in this area, and in Utah and a lot8
 PRESTON REDD #1of the Western states. Some of them not as much as others, but Utah, the big majority of the land in Utah is federally owned. Now what we call it here where you run cattle in the summertime, you run on what we call the Forest Service, and that issupervised by the Forest Service. They tell you how many you can run on there, when you can go on and when you have to go off. The winter range is run by what we call the BLM, Bureau of Land Management, and they tell you when to go down there and how many you can run and when you move them off. Now going back to these days that I was telling you about the other day, it was humanly impossible to get all the cattle off the winter range because they were wilder than deer and there were lots of thick trees down there and rimrocks, and you just couldn't get them out. Now this spotted steer I mentioned--he never was on the Elk Mountain,_ the summer range, unless we got him up there. I think we got him up, so he never was up there. We got him pert near up to that one spring. He got away. They stayed down there, and when they finally cleaned out the last of the wild cattle down there, they went down there with rifles and shot them. Now, we had been there late in the summer and had what we call these wild cows rides, you know, and9
 PRESTON REDD # 1everything you got was wild. And some of them would be five or six years old before they were branded. Personally I think they were wilder than deer, smarter than deer, and they had all the traits of the wild animal; they'd hide and not come out in the open and things to do to stay free, and you really had to be on a good horse and a good rider to catch one of them, but it was really lots of fun to catch them. Those are some of the highlights of my life, [when] I think back to those chases. You forget about the dangers involved and everything else. All you're thinking about is getting that thing, getting in the thick of it, you know. Just like hunting a lion or bear, but the hounds, when they start baying you just forget about the horse falling down and breaking your neck or something. All you want to do is get up there and be in the chase.SS: How would you conduct one of these wild herds? I mean wild cow--PR: Down in that area there are some big flats, of course. All the flats are named and you knew which ones the cows, the wild cattle hung out mostly around. You'd get up before daylight, get on your horses, and you'd go out to one of these flatswhichever way; generally whichever way the water lay; 10
 PRESTON REDD # 1whichever direction. You'd come in that way and you'd wait for daylight. You'd be real quiet; you'd try notto break a twig or anything on your horses. You'd wait all daylight and these cattle would come out into the flats to eat at night. In the morning they'd go back in the thick trees where you couldn't catch them and the idea was they'd go back to water in that direction. That's why I say we'd come in thatdirection, and when it got daylight you'd look out on the flat and the cattle were out there. You'd be between them and the trees, and they'd have to run. They'd run across the flat. And of course the flats were in different sizes, you know, but generally on these bigger ones you were riding good horses and the horses would get the spirit of the chase just like you would. When you were riding a good horse and you took after wild cattle you'd better take a deep seat because you were going for a ride. They [the cattle] liked to get up there too, you know, and if they had to cross the flat you could generally outrun [them] on horses. [The horses were) considerably faster than cows and you could rope [them]. We would rope them and tie them up generally to trees. A lot of times we'd saw their horns off if we'd leave them tied a long time and then we'd lead them out, back to the11
 PRESTON REDD #1bench; back to the pasture where you could keep them under supervision. But lots and lots of them got back(escaped] and they were harder to catch the second time than they were the first. Let's turn that off just a minute. Some of the--is it going now?GS: Y es.PR: Some of the people that I road with, Uncle EdNielsen, Joe Nielsen, and Frisbe Nielsen were real good cowboys. Of course at that time I thought they were old men. They were just probably in the prime of their lives, but I was I figured I was a good driver and pretty tough and young. I used to think if I could get on a horse comparable to one of theirs I could outride them because I was younger and I figured I was tougher, but I recall one time I went down with my Uncle Ed Nielsen. I wasn't exactly going on a chase that particular day, just moving the winter range, but we came into one of these flats down there and there was a bunch of wild cattle in front of us, so we dropped the pack horse ropes that we were leading and took after them. I thought, "Well now, this is one time I'm going to catch as many as Uncle Ed." Well, they got in the trees and we went down through there and finally I got one tied down. Then I stopped a second there and then I took the12
 PRESTON REDD # 1tracks and went on, and pretty quick I went by another. Then I finally caught up to Uncle Ed. He had the third one, but that was all the rope he had. That was his last rope. He didn't have any more tie rope, so I used one of my tie ropes and we tied it down. Now that was how good I was compared to him in those days. And he was a lot--considered one of the better wild cow chasers in those days and he was really; he was really good. He was a good roper and he rode good horses and he knew what to do with them, when to doit and how to do it. It was really interesting to think back now to the times that we've had and the chases I've been in on and the things that have happened. There have been lots of funny incidents that happened to different people in those days that they talk about. I think Gary will probably remember Wally Bergman and Jacob Adams. They run the big outfit here that [is] John Nielsen's. It was out west of them and I used to ride with them occasionally when we'd drive back and forth to separate the cattle in exchange for work. But Wally and Jack were supposed to tie two steers up or a great big steer up on the Mossbacks (by the way, the Mossbacks got their name--how come they got their name was they said the steers lived up there so long and they were so wild13
 PRESTON REDD # 1that you couldn't catch them, but when you did finally catch them they were so old that they had moss on th e ir horns. And th a t's how come the Mossbacks got their name and they still have that name today. It's down by Natural Bridges and I'm sure Gary knows about it.). But anyway, they caught a big steer and tied it up. Now the trees are really thick up on there if you've ever been up there, and I 've been up there a number of times. They went back theretwo or three days later and to find it to lead it out and they didn't find it. A year later as the story goes, why Wally was riding down through there one day and he come by a rack of bones hanging from a tree on a horn, by the road, you know, and the horns were sticking in the loop. And so the steer died and he stayed there and he [Wally] found the bones later supposedly.GS: So you get out there--would people go on this? What was the inducement for engaging in one of these wild cow chases?PR: Well, it was just to get the cattle and get the steers and the sales stuff to so that they could get them with the other cattle and get them to market and get them sold.GS: Were these mavericks?14
 PRESTON REDD # 1PR: Yeah. They were mavericks. Yeah, in your area Iremember the--when I was working for my uncles there were at that particular time four of them that had four brands. The way they'd do it, they'd start out and they'd take turns getting the mavericks. So if you caught a maverick and you were working for them-- like if I caught a maverick and I was working for them I would know whether it would be Joe's or Ted's or Cheryl's or Uncle Ed's turn for the maverick, and it wouldn't make any difference what sex it was or how old it was. It was a maverick and it was their turn. You put their ear marking brand on it when [it was their] turn. I might relate [to you about] the first one I ever caught. I can tell about it now. I didn't like to tell about it then, but it was down there one spring with Joe Nielsen and he and I were drifting. That's when you take all the cows and calves up to the summer range on the mountain or start them. They generally drift--more or less drift by themselves, more or less, except the wild ones.Joe was the oldest and he was running--he was a owner of part of the cattle, and we could go out in the mornings and start to ride a certain area. As we got up to the cattle someone would always have to stay with the herd. The other one, he'd ride out and go15
 PRESTON REDD # 1around these other places and if he got any he'd bring them in and meet you at a certain place [that] would be prearranged. And Joe was catching a lot of mavericks and I wasn't even there to see him and I was getting pretty upset about the whole thing. Ifigured I should be carrying on some of the fun. So one day his horse was pretty tired around noon, so he told me to go down and ride by the water hole. I was acquainted with all the country and he said there might be something around there to bring in, so he was going on up the trail with the main herd and I rode out. The water hole I went to see is what we call the seep, and it was down in a kind of a bowl at the head of the canyon really. I looked off down there and there was about a three year old cow standing there drinking out of this puddle there about the head of the seep. I was sitting up on the rim above her and she looked at me, or raised her head, ---?--- when she stopped. I could see that she was a maverick there. She hadn't been earmarked. Her ears was long. So I thought, well, here's where I get a chase. And so she took out the other side of thecanyon and I went out the rim and we went through one little sagebrush flat that was only about, probably, maybe fifty yards square, but I was riding a good16
 PRESTON REDD # 1horse and I had my rope down. When we went into theflat I thought, "Well, this is where I'm going to get her," but she pert near beat me across the flat, and I threw the rope and I've never made a prettier rope in my life. It went clear out to the end pert near and then just settled over her horns. Well, she hit the end of the rope then and that was the first time I'd ever felt one, and so she immediately got on thefight. I didn't throw her down right like they do, so I chased her a ways and then she'd chase me a ways. My saddle would be up behind the horse's ears and then back on his tail, and if he hadn't been a good horse, why I swear I would have got killed. Her horns[came] right straight out from her head, but they-- she was only about three years old and they for some reason weren't too sharp on the ends, and I tried to kick the ends of them off with my boot heels when she'd come by hooking the horse but I couldn't. Finally I dragged her down and I got her wrapped up around the tree. I got her drawn up to the tree and then just drew the horse around until I got two orthree wraps. Then I didn't know what I was going to do. So finally I decided I'd have to cut my rope which would be embarrassing to me, and they didn't do those [kind of] things in those days. So anyway, I17
 PRESTON REDD # 1got up the side of her and I earmarked her and I put the earmark on her the way she was supposed to haveit, but I didn't brand her, of course. And then I took my pocketknife out, but before that I took my rope off the horn. I had what you call--you always left a rope tied to the saddle horn it seemed like, and I took it off. Then I leaned down and cut the rope right where the---?--- was made in the end so I'd only lose a little bit of it. When the rope popped she took after me and I spurred my horse. We took off and went across the flat with the cow after me, not me after the cow. And got in the trees and Icircled around and came back and got my rope and I've never--it must have been about two hours we'd been having this tussle. The rope had cut in the side of her head under her horns and there was blood on the rope, and I got the rope and I made a new---?--- in it. I rode the hump and I stashed it out and I got on the ground and rubbed the rope in the dirt so the blood wouldn't show so that Joe wouldn't know I got anything in there and hadn't been able to do what I wanted to do with it. So anyway, when I thought he was practically to camp, you know, and I came in and I brushed the sweat off my horse the best I could. He said, "Well, did you see a wild one?" And I said,18
 PRESTON REDD # 1"Yeah, it was wild." He said, "Well, did you have some trouble?" And I said, "Y eah," I said, "I couldn't get her in." He said, "Well, it don't look like you had any trouble catching it." I said, "What do you mean?" And he said, "Well, you've got blood on your rope and you've cut it to turn her loose." So all the pains I went through was for nothing.[laughter] Oh, I could think of a lot more incidents to talk about, but maybe you want some other questions.GS: Yeah. That's fascinating. Western history. I'm sure he enjoyed stories like that.SS: Well, I think we---?--- graduated from high school and what did you do then?PR: When I graduated from high school I--well, I was working on construction and then I got married shortly after that. My cousin and I started a truck line down to Phoenix, Arizona. But for that I worked two years down on the reservation. I pert near overlooked that in the trading post. That's when I became acquainted with W eatherall, and he was actually the one that got me interested in minerals really. I mean, I guess it indirectly reverts back to that.ss: T ell us something about him. 19
 PRESTON REDD # 1PR: Well, he was one of the finest men I ever knew, andhe was a Quaker. He came from Pennsylvania originally, but they talk about people you read in the magazines and so on, about the people that were tough that smoked, drank, swore, used foul language and so on; and Mr. Weatherall didn't do any of those things. And I would say he was one of those who'd probably been through more trials and tribulations then about anyone that I had the pleasure of being acquainted with. They moved into the Colorado mountains out of Mancos, Colorado, when he was a young man. He discovered with his brother Mesa Verde ruins which are nationally known now. He has related that back to me. That was in deep snow and I think they was on short rations. They was running cattle and that's how they discovered them. Then he also was the first white man to lay eyes on Rainbow Bridge. I hadn't better relate that. ---?--- at least two professors had [come] in and [had] some Indian guides to take them around. They'd heard about Rainbow Bridge, and when they got up to go around this point the Indian said it was right around the point, so Mr. Weatherall told these professors that whenever they went around the point they could see the bridge. And they got in an argument about who was going to be20
 PRESTON REDD # 1first to see it. John, Mr. Weatherall, was hard to get riled up or made mad, but he told me they were acting like two little six-year-old kids, so he just spurred his horse and went around them and it was in a narrow, rough place down there. That to me is about the roughest country I've ever seen, and he went around himself and looked at it and said, "Now youcan come on. I've seen it so you don't need to argueabout who's going to be first."GS: Who was the Indian?PR: Old Jim Mike was one of them, and he's still alivedown there south of Blanding. The other one was a Holliday, a Navajo who lived down in Oljato. I'm sure he's dead now. He was still alive when I was down there.GS: Jim Mike's a Ute.PR: He's a Ute, he's a Paiute. And I don't--Dan Perkins.You probably don't remember Dan Perkins. He built his house up there---?--- him. One of the professors was from the University of Utah and the other one was from the University of Arizona. They had met and prearranged, you know, for this pack trip, and they met down at Kayenta or at up probaly to Red Lake orNavajo Mountain. I don't know actually where started. I think that Dan Perkins brought21it the
 PRESTON REDD # 1professor from Utah down across the river down here at Whirlwind, you know, just south of---?--- pass. They met John Weatherall and this Navajo, this Holliday over on the south side of the river. ThenGS: PR: GS: PR:from there they went to Navajo Mountain and Rainbow Bridge. He also discovered the--they call it the Betatakin Ruins. That is west of Kayenta about twenty-five miles north of existing road [actually about eight miles]. Have you ever seen them?Uh huh.Man, they're pretty.Boy, I'll say.Yeah. I hauled a nephew of his in there way back in the early thirties. In the spring he stayed there ina tent all summer. Then I went and got him in the fall. There are very few tourists that came in, but I'm sure the roads are all up there now.What was he digging up there?No. he was just supposed to be the custodian up there. It was after it had been a government monument.This was a nephew of Weatherall?That was a nephew of W eatherall' s that I moved in.Milton Weatherall was his name, but he was nephew of John Weatherall anyway. He lived in a tent up there.GS: PR:SS: PR:22
 PRESTON REDD # 1I took him in and took enough groceries in and he stayed there I think it was three months. Probably June, July and August, and then the firs t of September I went back and got him and moved him backSS: PR: SS: PR:GS: PR:GS: PR:out. And I pert near bet there hadn't been over a dozen or fifteen people in there that summer. Later on, it wasn't too much later, well, it was by 1942 they had a full-time custodian out there. I got acquainted with him when we had this truckline.You say you operated a truckline with your brother? No. My cousin.Your cousin, and from this country?From--well actually from Moab to Phoenix, and we would cross the reservation. That was before the road was on, and we called that the Billy Goat Highway, and that's about right how it was.Y ou'd go down through Monument V alley?We'd go down through Monument Valley and we'd serve the trading posts along the way and Blanding, Monticello and Moab with, oh, vegetables, you know, and truck driving things.And the mail, did you deliver the--?No. No. We delivered the mail sometimes when we were wasting it. At that time the mail came out to Kayenta once a week and never did go from here down. We went23
 PRESTON REDD # 1to Bluff and that was all. So we delivered mail, but it was a combination in the respect that--there's two other incidents in my life I think I might mention that are rather interesting and I think would kind of tie into the rest. When I was nine years old was whenthe last two Indian fights started, and we were going to school over here in the old grade school building. They was having this trial for Joe Bishop's boy in the basement or part of it, and Bill Oliver was the sheriff at that time. He was later killed by a fellow down here, south of town. That noon I don't know why I stayed. I would have been nine years old and Joe Bishop was janitor of the schoolhouse, but the Indians came out of the basement, and I'm sure they had this all prearranged. Bill Oliver was taking these two boys he had under arrest, was going to take them home to dinner and then come back and continue the court in the afternoon. One of the boys got on his horse and started off and the other wouldn't get on his horse. So him and Bill Bailey were trying to get him on his horse and he wouldn't get on. Finally, Bill pulled his six-shooter and stuck it down in thisIndian's face and pulled the trigger a couple of times and it didn't go off~ Then the Indian took the six-shooter away from him and stuck it up under his24
 PRESTON REDD # 1chin and he snapped it off about three times and it didn't go off. By that time the old posse had a sorrel mare bought from Fred Keller and she was the best horse I had. She was standing there at the side with her reins gone, and this Indian, Joe Bishop's boy, he got on that mare and took off--I'd be justtwo blocks west of here--and came up to the corner over there, and turned my Aunt Louise---?--- aunts, well they just sold the house here lately, but they lived there all this time. That's what they were in, and this Indian had got that gun and now he had found out what was wrong with the six shooter, and when they turned the corner, Bill was on his horse chasing him. He got the gun working and he was shooting back over his shoulder. He hit his [Bill's] horse in the windpipe and kind of slowed the horse down, but it was a pretty good race otherwise. In fact, I think the Indian would have outrun him anyway. But when he did that he started pulling away, but he fired a couple or three more shots, and the comical part of it to me was he hit a chicken over in Uncle Lance's lot and killed him. Everybody had a flock of chickens in those days and they'd run out. I'll never forgetthat. It was an old white hen. GS: Were you standing around?25
 PRESTON REDD #1PR: I was standing on the steps and George Hurst wasstanding there, and I can't understand to this day why he didn't help Bill. But all he was telling Bill was to grab him by the braids. He had long braids. He kept telling Bill to grab him by the braids and he'll get on the horse, you know. Bill, he was scared of him, and if he's going anywhere, he should take care of him and vice versa. But Bill, he lived out thereabout two more blocks past this corner over here, and when he got up there he hollered to his wife to bring him his thirty-thirty and she brought it to him. But the Indian had gone right straight towards Westwater, and so when Bill got over on this end of Westwater the Indian was going clear out the other. He got off his horse and took a couple of shots at him, but he was too far away, and then he came back. I know, Iremember the horse had been hurt. The horse had got over it, but he sure had a bullet hole right there in his windpipe. So I guess that's the only thing to fix that the Indian [caused]: he hit a horse and killed a chicken. [laughter]GS: Well, that seems almost like a classic example of police brutality, you know, to take someone who won't get on a horse and stick your pistol in his face and pull it.26
 PRESTON REDD # 1PR: Well now, maybe Bill didn't pull the trigger, I don'tGS: PR:BR: PR: SS:PR:know. But he pulled his gun, you know, and the Indian took the gun away from him and Bill was on his horse and I can remember the Indian snapping it off. And I remember every time he'd snap it I'd figure that wasit.He did pull it out.Bud, you go down and change your clothes. We're busy, okay? Then you can go outside and play.---?--- pants.Okay.What were the Indians doing to get in trouble and have to go to jail for?Well, they'd robbed the sheep pen down here and about beat the herder to death, these two. And then this Joe Bishop boy that did this, he was later killed in a fight. He was the one---?--- killed. And there's a whole bunch of Indians there, and old Posey was there, and my understanding was this was all planned out. You know, these Indians were going to overpower the sheriff, all right. On account of everybody left and he was there, Bill was the only one there outside of me and George standing back over there, and I was just a 1ittle kid. And they were around there. But Bill needed some other kind of help outside of just27
 PRESTON REDD # 1his bare hands, you know. And he just may have pulled the deal, and I say that he snapped it off. He may not have done it. He might have just pulled his gunon the Indian. But the Indian immediately took it away from him and he was sitting on his horse and I remember sticking it up under his chin and pulling the trigger. I had something else I was going .to relate, but that I thought would be interesting.GS: Was it something about your staying with Weatheralls down there and getting acquainted with them?PR: No. I don't think it was that. Well, I stayed with them for two winters, and in the wintertime, why Mr. Weatherall, he was an old man then and in his late seventies and he would play solitaire a great deal. He didn't know how to play any other kind of cards, and he also smoked cigarettes but he didn't inhale it. He'd just light one and then go in his nose and he'd cough. And I asked him when he started to smoke, you know, and said he didn't start smoking until hewas seventy-five. I said, "How come you waited that long?" He said, "Never had time before that." But it was immaterial, I mean, if he had anything to do he didn't smoke. It was just a question of killing time, and I don't think he ever tasted liquor in his life and he lived in the rugged, you know, in the last. So28
 PRESTON REDD # 1all the pioneers in the west didn't have to participate in all these things. And I've never known him to do anything to anybody. As I said, he's one of the finest people I ever met.Did you ever hear him say why he came West?Well, he came with his parents. They leftPennsylvania to come out to settle, and they settled out here at Mancos in Colorado and they were running cattle, and then I think he just--he was really interested in the--I think really what--well, no it wasn't either. I was going to say really the reason he moved down to Arizona was not on account of archeology, but he was interested in these prehistoric people and he remembered all the things that he observed when he first found these places and he later recorded them. Then when he went down there, by the way, he was the first Indian trader on the western Navajo Reservation and went to Oljato, and they rode in there, rode in a wagon, he and Mrs. Weatherall and they built a ---?--- of these wood boxes of Arbuckle coffee and he said he had his thirty-thirty across there and started trading with the Indians. But he never did have any trouble. He spoke mighty well of all Indians and he told me, "The only thing I feel bad about is he's going to take meSS: PR:29
 PRESTON REDD #1out and sell me this Mitchell/Merrick mine." (The two prospectors I related earlier in this that got killed.)GS: You never did finish that. Tell a little about it.PR: They went on over to Monument Valley and supposedlywent to this mine wherever it was [Navajo Mountain] and then the Indians--part of them were Paiutes and part of them were Navajos--but they killed them. They killed them both. I understand there are two monuments in Monument Valley that are named after them. One of them is Mitchell Butte and the other one is Merrick Butte [Their bodies were supposedly found at the base of each of these buttes]. I think these four scouts of the Mormon Church that were sent, they sent them at the mouth of the Comb [WashJ--they shared their groceries with them. They were the last white people to see them alive, and if they had accepted their invitation and went back with them they would probably have had the same fate. But John Weatherall claimed that that was just a high grade tree out there and he said they caved the sand banks over--the story that you hear of it down in the reservation of these two is that they covered the mine over and that they were protecting it. They didn't want you to have it. But John told me that he30
 PRESTON REDD # 1went over there and he said the Indians werefollowing him in there and he said he dug down there and it was just a high grade tree and he says, "I'll take you out if you come down some warm day." And that was after I'd been staying there when I gotinterested in it. So I was going to go down, and he said if I'd come down some warm afternoon we could drive pert near there and he said he could show me where to drill and where to dig and I could dig it up for my own curiosity or see it. I was going to but I put it off too long. Before I got there he died.GS: And he did know that was the one--?PR: And he swore up and down that was it and he said heknew that was it and he said that when he went out there they were following him, but he says that the Indians or Navajos are following me. He says, "You don't need to have trouble with them if you don't want to." He said, "When I went out there I figured they were [following meJ," and he said, "I went around a point of a hill." And then he said, "I just turned around and started back," and he said, "I met so and so here following me." He said, "I visited with him a while and told him that I was just going to look at it for curiosity." And he says, "He didn'tdo anything."31
 PRESTON REDD # 1GS: He could speak Navajo quite well?PR: Oh yeah, yeah. He could speak ---?--- too, Apache. ¥IGS: He wasn't the one that kicked the sandbank off?PR: No. No. The Indians did.GS: Did he give you any impression? Was it out onHoskinnini Mesa or--?PR: No. It's right down underneath it. As near as I cantell you come out here and you go past El Capitan and the outer rock and then there's the big mesa that sits over there by itself, then Hoskinnini Mesa is on up--it's right between that mesa and Hoskinnini, because he told me. We'd go north out there and this Moonlight Wash runs down through there, and I've gone out there and picked that ore a time or two in the truck and he said, "You could get within a hundred yards of it in a car." He said, "You can get close enough for me to walk up behind it. It would be right in that area where they mined the uranium down there," you know, oh, what's the name of that guy down in Salt Lake? I forgot that man. Oh, they mined over there, they really mined some big ore bodies down there. Their headquarters was in Salt Lake. Dick Adams their head geologist. Mercy, I know as well as I know my own name.SS: Was it Atlas?32
 PRESTON REDD # 1PR: No, it's not Atlas. No, it's an independent company.Cecil Thompson in Moab was one of the stockholders in it and this Schubach, this jeweler in Salt Lake was general manager of it at the time. He was president of the company. W ell, I declare. W ell, anyways, they digged off the mesa, Hoskinnini Mesa, you know, on the south, the east side of it.that as the old deal goes it was silver, you know. Well, if it was where he said it was it'd either have to be in the Chinle or in the Shinarump because that's what there is there. That's what it is. Now if it was clear over where Hoskinnini Mesa, you know, where it runs off and takes that curve and goes underneath, if it was right there it could have beenin the Shinarump, but had it had been silver I would have thought that with all the mining and prospecting and everything they've done they would have found some other silver logs around there. So maybe it was copper, you know. But then there's lots of copper in that country. There always has been and still is. And so I've always felt that it wasn't copper. It might have been; it might have been silver. They claim when they found their horses and---?--- a little bit theyIt would have been on the Shinarump then.GS:PR: What I think it was, and the way John was talking was33
 PRESTON REDD # 1got some ore samples out that assayed real high. Now that might just be a story. I don't know.GS: Or maybe it looked like silver ore and in fact had black streaks.PR: Supposedly after they killed them and they went back and found their bodies and buried them, you know, they found this pack saddle or something that had a little bit of this ore in it and had it assayed and it was supposed to assay way high. But that would still tie in to be a high grade tree if you know, as well as I do, like that copper and uranium. I don't know why it wouldn't do the same thing with silver if it was silver. And that's the story down there. But John said there's nothing to it. He said if there had been, "I would have went over." He said, "It's just a log." He talked like where it was, in the bottom of a sand wash, and apparently [had] washed down and of course, it wouldn't have been in sand itself. Itwould have had to be, you know, below sand. It would have had to come out of some other formation, but that's probably what they found, and they probably figured they had a bonanza, and then these Indians, you know, I don't think that they--I don't think that the Indians killed them on account of that. Actually, what they actually killed them for, I think, they34
 PRESTON REDD # 1just ---?--- John, Mr. Weatherall figured that--I forgot the name of this fellow. They asked him for chewing tobacco and one of them took out a plug of tobacco and handed it over to him with his right hand, and I guess the Indians had that figured out and when he went to take it they grabbed his hand so he couldn't pull his six-shooter supposedly and another one shot [the prospector], you know, mad. And the other one took off on his horse and they had tochase him quite a ways before they got him but theygot him in a half a mile or mile.GS: Do you think they were after their food or--?PR: Well, I'll tell you what John told me was that theywere just a bunch of smart alees 1ike whites or anybody else. They just decided they, I think, they wanted their horses. They were--I know that this old- -what was his name? I've forgetting everything. John Keith. He was a good friend of mine, and when I was working for the railroad he'd come, he'd ride this gray horse in there in the summer time and he was really an outstanding horse. I used to tell him, you know, I wondered where he got that horse. It was just an outstanding horse. Well-bred and you could tell that it really had breed. He was a real good friend of the Weatheralls and me too. In fact, later when he35
 PRESTON REDD #1was serving his term out there I'd take him a little dinner every week and go out and visit with him, butfinally found out why. A guy came from Colorado down there with three good horses and he and this Jack Pine killed him for the horses. This was one of the horses, and five or six or seven or eight or ten years later they dug up the skeleton and they tracedit back and they found out it was this John Keith. He was a really a good Indian, you know. I never did like Jack Pine, but he's still alive. But old John Keith, I don't know. They killed him for the horses. They had him serve about a year up here at Monticello or six months.DE: For that?PR: For that killing, and that was when we had the truckline in Phoenix and I'd known him when I was working in the trading post. So every week when I'd go through Monticello I'd go and give him a sack ofdinner or something.DE: Did you have any trouble yourself with the Indianswhen you were running the truckline?PR: No, the only trouble I ever had I had one steal apair of boots off of me. Picked him to give him a lift, and I guess he threw them out before. I had them setting in the back of the truck, you know, and36
 PRESTON REDD # 1they were pretty fancy boots. I was going to a rodeo in Phoenix. We let him out, and then when we got on down where we stayed that night, why I got back there and there one pair of boots was gone and that was all. I never seem him again for about six months, andfinally I ran on into him down at Bluff one time. He had the boots on, but they were worn out. I was going to take them off and turn him loose, but I got one of them off and it smelled so bad I gave them back to him and told him to go on. [laughter]SS: Well, what did you do then after you ran your trucklines?PR: Well, when we sold the truckline out I went in partners with Charlie Redd to go to Kansas. I was going to run sheep in Kansas on the wheat fields. I'd never been to Kansas, and so there's a big out on the reservation. It was in July when we sort of made the deal, and to tell you how dumb I was I said, "I'll go out there and buy a bunch of iterns from this--" And he says, "Well, that wheat doesn't come off until September." And I said, "Well, we're choking to death and we're selling now," and I knew we were. Didn't know what we were going to do with them for a couple of months, but I went down there and I started buyingthem on the twenty-eighth of July down at Red 37
 PRESTON REDD # 1Mountain, Arizona. That's the other side of Cameron. That's north of Flagstaff fifty miles. And I got tothinking, "Well, what'11 I do from now until the middle of September?" And I thought, "Well, it's 350 miles across Utah and it's fifty miles to Flagstaff and it's some pretty good feeding out in Flagstaff," and I decided I'd just go out there and keep them there, get some maggies and drag them to Thompson,load them on the train and they ought to get in Dodge City about the middle of September. So I bought sixty-six hundred across there between Grey Mountain, and I guess I bought some off of Harry Goulding, the last ones in Monument Valley. Most of the--well, practically all of them were bought in Grey Mountain at Kayenta, and I had them 2,200 in a herd, twenty- two hundred in some, and one day behind I had two Navajos with each herd. They'd walk and each one of them, they each had a burro and had a blanket and a 1ittle deal they'd cook on. And I'd see them about every day and give them some groceries, and of course water was all dried up. And to tell you about people not knowing anything, my partner, he was learned in their ways, but I don't know why he never did say anything to me. From Kayenta to Mexican Hat it was three days, and the only water we had was in Laguna38
 PRESTON REDD # 1Creek when we came out of Kayenta. When we came through Monument Valley and across all that countryit was in August and even Navajo sheep were about dead. So that morning when we were coming into the San Juan River, why it had been raining a lot out in the Colorado mountains and it was high and mighty, the river itself. I didn't pay any attention to that, but you had to cross the bridge, and it was the old swinging bridge before the new one was built. So that morning I--and Ray Hunt was the trader at the trading post, and there were I don't know, two or three squaws and some kids there, so I thought, "Well, that'd be plenty," because the sheep were really dry. When they started down off the ridge, why I'll tell you it just set them out there, weigh them into that bridge and you'd cross the bridge and then go around and get down to áthe river on the north side to drink. And I don't know, two or three squaws and four or five papooses they had, and I took them out there and lined them up. And lambs came over the top of that bridge and they smelled that water and they just started hollering and took off you know, and missed my v. And where the road goes around, around then the edge, you know, why they jumped off there.[END OF P ART ONE OF INVER VIEWJ 39
 THE FOLLOWING I S A CONTINUA TION OF AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY DR. GARY SHUMWAY, SUZANNE SIMON, AND DOROTHY ERICK WITH PRESTON REDD ON JULY 21, 1970 IN BLANDING, UTAH. [THIS IS P ART OF THE URANIUM ARCHIVES PROJECT AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. TAPE #1, INVERVIEW #1.]PR: I figured well, they'd stop there, but sheep are funny animals, and when one goes they all follow, as the old saying goes, you know, being led like a bunch of sheep. Well, the leaders tried to stop, and the others behind them hit them and knocked them off the road, and there they went over the edge looking down into the river. They stopped again and they hit them again and every one of them dove in the river; I mean every one, cripples and all, and I can't even swim. The river was way up, and they trying to swim upstream and they'd bellow away and hit them in themouth, and I thought, man, my career in the sheep business ended in a hurry. I could just see money flying through the air and that was it. Old Dan Hayes, he was there and he was a state road man. I'll never forget it, there was some tourists there, too, and they were taking pictures of these sheep and really getting a kick out of it, and I was about to have a nervous breakdown. And Old Dan, he just never said nothing. He's a real good friend of mine, he's an old-timer here too. He just stripped down--now this was back in 1942, in August, 1942, and I'll40
 PRESTON REDD # 1never forget. If you'll pardon me saying this, he had on pink silk shorts. Back in those days that was kind of the going thing, you know, for men. He took all his clothes off but them, and these tourists were standing there taking pictures of the sheep, you know, and he just dove in with them. He went down around the ridge and dove off a rock, and he was the best swimmer I think in San Juan County and maybe thestate of Utah. It didn't dawn on me right then, but later I knew he was, you know. He went in there and he kept three or four hundred of the sheep off. He'd jump up and down in that river and splash and holler and take them down there and land them on a sandbar down by that old trail that comes out over there, and he got every one of them down there, except for some of them [that were] huddled up on pinnacles up on the edge of the ledge. [There was] that swift water and ledge on each side, and they couldn't swim up it and they wouldn't try to go down theirselves. So he got in there with them. Well, he landed them all down there, and then I got two lasso ropes and tied them together and I roped these, dropped a loop over their heads around down there and pulled them up over the ledges. Then we had to make one little portage down there from this island to cross, because it wasn't41
 PRESTON REDD # 1very deep. Some of them had to swim a 1ittle bit, then come up this trail and come around. I counted them on that road there and got a real good count andI figured 2,265 went in and 2,263 went out. Well, two days later the "Navies" claimed those two. So it was down. They claimed they were the leaders and these others hit them and smashed them into the water and they came up later. But anyway, I asked Mr. Hays how much I owed him when he got out of there and he said, "Not a thing." But I said, "Do you like mutton?" and I said, "You shall have it." So I had one of the Indians butcher him the biggest one we had. That was my appreciation for him saving the herd. However, I never did forget it and I did him other favors. But the next day we had the next herd come. They were one day behind each other, you know, and the next day I'm telling you, when the others stalked the ridge out, we had "Navies" strung from there to the bridgesolid. I had all the Navies there off of Douglas Mesa and clear over to Monument Valley there, and they [the sheep] started running and bellering just like the other herd, but we funneled them right on the bridge and across the width and then we turned them and they went in and drank just like we had, and the next day I had the same crew and we did the same42
 PRESTON REDD # 1thing. Well, I brought the sheep up there. I wished I had a moving picture of all of it. I got up here north of Blanding where ---?--- where there's oak brush and there's water at Kingsley, you know. And man, to me that was heaven. You know, coming out fromdown there. And so I decided I told the guys that we'd all just kind of lay over a day. We were supposed to make four or five mile a day this public domain grazing across country. So we laid over one day up there, and they all got what they call oak poison eating oak leaves off of the oak brushes. And so I came down here and was inquiring about what you did about oak poisoning. Well, part of the guys said, "You cut their tails so they'd bleed, you know, and that helps them," and somebody told me build fires around smudges so they breathe smoke. I don't think that did any good, but we did it. But anyhow, in a couple of days they were all right. Well, then I asked to go to Kansas. I went back to Flagstaff and I think I came back with eight or ten thousand more, and I got on the train at Flagstaff and went to Dodge city and I got there on the fourteenth, I believe. It was October and these lambs got down--or September-- and these lambs got down the seventeenth and we took them out to pasture. It's a wonder they didn't eat me43
 PRESTON REDD # 1instead of the sheep. I mean ---?--- what I knew about it. The way it turned out it was a good deal. I got them fat and sold them the next spring, and I did that for about twenty years. But I never did have any more drives like that.GS: Yeah, I think I can remember that. I was about five years old and I remember.PR: ---?---GS: Right. Right down past Uncle Lee's there.DE: This was in 1942?PR: Uh huh.ss: How'd you feel growing up a cattleman all your life?How'd you decide to try some sheep?PR: Well, when I went in with Charlie I never hadactually worked with sheep, but all my buddies that I'd grown up with around here, most of them that I'd been close to they worked with sheep outfits and I worked with cattle outfits. But there's no resentment like you find in Kansas. Now, in Kansas when I first went to Doge City, it's a good thing I didn't know anything about it. The people back there all thought that Wyatt Earp and early desperados killed all the sheep men. They didn't think there were any left. I had a tough time getting started. And you'd have lots of trespass bills and a lot of problems that arose.44
 PRESTON REDD # 1For instance, one guy I went out to had a fellow that leased pasture for me and that's all he did. This was later in the winter. I drove up one day and there was an old fellow sitting in an old Plymouth car. I drove up and got out and had two Navajos herding these sheep and I was supposed to be on volunteer. And there was kind of a problem, and they of course were all on the drill heap. And I said to this fellow,"How are you?" and he said, "Not very good." And I noticed that he had a shotgun by the side of him and I said, "Well, what's the matter?" And he said, "I'd like to find the owner of them sheep." And I could tell he was mad, you know, and I said, "Well, what's the trouble?" He said, "Well, they're not supposed to be where they're at. They're supposed to be up there." And I said, "Wel1, why don't you go down there and have those guys move them?" He said, "I've been trying to talk to them and they don't understand me." He said, "Anyway, I'm not mad at them. I'm mad at the guy that owns them." And he said, "Do you know who owns them?" And I said, "Yes sir." And he said, "Who owns them?" I said, "Charlie Redd." And he said, "Where is that son of a bitch? I'd like to kill him." I said, "He's in LaSal, Utah," and I got in my car and drove off. I'll never forget that. So when I paid45
 PRESTON REDD # 1the pasture bil1 I didn't deliver the check as I generally do. I sent it out to another fellow.GS: You were one of the early ones doing it.PR: In three years' time out there the third year out there that I was there--I just stayed three years. I didn't 1ike it up around there much. I had to many troubles. But in three years' time I went out thereand I'd get out the road and I'd ask these farmers, "Now, what do you want? Sheep or cattle?" We were running both then. And we had as much trouble putting out cattle as I did sheep to start with. But the reason for it was this. It was during the war--well, one of the reasons. It was during the war and laborwas, you know, scarce. As a result we had to ship allour help in from out here, get these Indians whocouldn't talk English, you know, and they couldn't.-,,/'communicate with them back there--the farmers--but I leased the wheat and I'd do all the work. I'd water them, I'd haul water, you know, we'd haul water, we'd feed them, and when we got done I'd go give them a check and that was all there was to it. Well, each time the way it was they'd look at us--the farmer looked at us and they had to water them and be responsible for them. They got cattle grass all right, but they had to work, see, to sell the46
 PRESTON REDD # 1pasture. Well, I'd come along and all they'd do is lease it to me and I'd eat it off, give them a check and that was all. They liked that, see. Well, it justchanged around and my gosh, he was having trouble putting out cattle now. Now, like I say in three years' time I was having trouble. About a thousand cattle before I went out there I never did get replaced that particular fall. I think I ran twenty- five thousand sheep that year and a thousand cattle and I got prices for sheep. I didn't for the cattle. But that was three years later. Now this first winter, it was on my birthday. My brother Lyman, you know him, well, he was driving these sheep out of Dodge City; it was just a raining. It had been raining for about a week and I had all the sotckyards full of sheep and all the trucks couldn't move, andfinally the agent called me up and says, "You've got another trainload coming in and I haven't got nowhere to unload it. You've got to get some of them out." So I got Milt Rodgers and another missionary that was out there and Lyman and me and I picked up two hitchhikers. We never had any help, we went down there and it turned out about two thousand head across the Arkansas River. I had some wheat leased out there and the mud was deep, you know, and they'd47
 PRESTON REDD # 1shift from out here to out there and they hadn't had anything to eat for a week. And they started hitting these wheat fields out there and they'd just go out there and stop and go eating. And you couldn't move them and that was all. They got kind of in front of this one house, you know, and they were all across the road. Of course at that time I didn't know whoseit was. Pretty quick this lady came out of the house and boy, she was calling us everything but gentlemen, you know, and said to get them off there; that was their wheat. I said, "Well, Lady we're doing all we can." I said, "It's just humanly impossible." I said, "They get out there and they're hungry." We were about to where we were going but they--I finally just kind of give up with disgust and let them fill up, and if I had to pay a trespass bill I'd pay it and go on. Well, about that time her husband came out and he had a thirty-thirty and he wasn't pointing it at us or anything. But he just had it in his hands. And he came out there and he was standing on the porch and it was raining. I was just across the road from him. It was just a country road. And he started to tell mewhat he thought of me. He asked me who was in charge and who owned it. I said, "I did." He said, "I'11 give you five minutes to get them off of there." And48
 PRESTON REDD #1I said, "It's humanly impossible. We can't get them off of there, but I"11 get them off as soon as I can." He said, "Well, I'm going to town to get the sheriff," and he said, "I'm coming out here and I'm moving you and them sheep." And I said "That will be fine." I said, "When you go to town to get the sheriff, tell him to get a big posse because we'11 need them all." [laughter] He got in his car and left and he never did come back. If he did come back we was gone on. That was the first year, and the next year I leased all his wheat. Went out there and wecould reminisce about that. You know, and he said, "Boy, I was mad that day." He said, "I wasn't near as mad as my wife was." I said, "I know you weren't." I said, "You don't have to te ll me, I knew you weren't." You know that I pastured in that year and everything was fine. In fact, I pastured in twoyears. That year and the next year, and then I left. Went on west of there. But there's a lot of interesting things happen back there. The people had read western stories and things and they thought that sheep killed the land and everything else, you know, and it just was really amazing to talk to a lot of them after we got on. Now, wherever I went, I can always go back and I have a good name all over where49
 PRESTON REDD #1I 've been, and I can go back and run the sheep or cattle there, you know, if they've got any pasture. Why, I can sure lease it, but I certainly had some trying experiences in the beginning, I'11 tell youfor sure.GS: Hadn't anyone else tried to do this?PR: Not in that particular area. One guy down South, BillLong was his name, I found out about him through the county agent. So I went down there and I introduced myself to him and told him I was bringing some sheep in. And he said, "Well, he'd run a herd." And I said, "I understand you did. That's why I 'm here. " And I was listening with him and talking to him and he said, "Well, I know all these people around here." He said, "I' 11 lease you my wheat and I' 11 lease this other for you." And I think I gave him a nickel a head a month or something for the pasture and I made a deal with him. And in those days it was money; it was pretty good money for him in those days. But he was a fine man, so boy, I really had a setup. I had his leased and then his neighbors'. And so everytime a herd of sheep would get out of feed--I had about--I think I had around twenty thousand down in that area that year and south of Dodge. Everytime a herd would need to move, I'd just call on Mr. Long and say--50
 PRESTON REDD #1well, I had a map, you know, farmer's names and everything on it I got from the county, and I'd say,"This herd on so and so needs moving. Where do they go?" And he'd tell me and he'd tell me the section number and the quarter number and how may acres, and we were just blowing and going. One night I came in and my wife was about to have a nervous breakdown. She said, "Somebody has been here about six times today after you," and I'd been gone all day, "and he's really mad." I said, "Who is he?" He left hisname and said to call him, so I looked it up in my pasture book and I hadn't met him, see, but he was one of these farmers that Mr. Long had leased his wheat down by---?---. So I called him up and man--- ?--- way after nine practically blew the phone off the wall, telling me again what he thought of me, you know. He said he'd give me to daylight to have the sheep off. He said they weren't supposed to be on there, and I said, "Well, didn't Mr. Long lease that pasture?" "Yeah, but not for sheep." He said, "My neighbors will laugh me out of the country." He says, "It's too embarassing." He says, "I wouldn't have sheep up there for anything." And I tried to talk him out of it but he wouldn't talk. You know, it just went from bad to worse. So I called up Bill Long and51
 PRESTON REDD # 1I said, "Well, I'm master so and so." And I said, "Well, where am I going?" And I said, "We'll get them off in the morning." He had another place to go. So we went out there the next morning and I took part of my men and we went out there and moved the sheep, andI went and give Bill the check, Bill Long, to deliver it to this fellow. I've forgotten his name. I was discussing with him and he said, "Many people out where you live, Redd?" And I said, "Oh, not a lot." I said, "There's about eleven hundred in that town." He said, "Well, in a town that big you surely have two or three SOB's don't you?" And I said, "Yeah." He said, "I think you'11 find we have them in every community." And he said, "That guy's one of them." How it all came to pass was this: Bill had called him up and said we might graze some wheat pasture, but he didn't say it was for sheep. Bill says, "I just assumed as many sheep as you've got down here I'm wasting all the wheat, and no matter which way you drive you go by them. " He said, the general--all the farmers were calling him, you know, saying they had pasture. And he said, "I guess I didn't tell him sheep. I just leased his wheat." So we had the wheat leased all right, but it wasn't--he didn't discuss my sheep. And when this guy saw sheep on there he just52
 PRESTON REDD # 1went crazy. You know, and I guess he come back up to the house from Dodge that day every thirty minutes, but I was out northwest or somewhere that day; didn'tDE: PR:get in until after nine. I guess he had to go home and do his chores. So, there was another fellow, I never did meet him either, only over the phone. And Mr. Long took his check to him, and of course we didn't pasture his wheat.Was your family with you then in Kansas?Yes. We had my oldest boy and that girl. Well, she was born in June and we went out there in September. And this other boy, the third one, he was born the next summer and Jim, he didn't come along until five or six years later. We were living there in Moscow. Yeah, I used to move them out there in the fall and back in the spring.It was in 1943 then that you started, you started driving sheep in '42?In '42.SS:PR:SS: This was in '43 that you went out to followW eatherall's direction?PR: In '43, I spent that when I got back that spring fromKansas, the first spring I was ready for. I told my partner I was going to Navajo Mountain and hibernate for six weeks or something to get away from the53
 PRESTON REDD # 1people and the turmoil and the phone ringing, and there were no phones down there then. You weren't bothered with that. But anyway, I went down there and old John Weatherall wasn't feeling very good, so later on in about July or August I took my father down there and he was actually on his deathbed then. Of course we didn't know it. Now, when I promised him the next time I came down if he was up we were going out to this Mitchell-Merrick mine, and in fact we went down that day to go out there, but John was in bed and that was probably in, I don't know, July or August. But anyway, he never did get up, and then they sent him to California. I think it was in September. He died on the train around Ash Fork. They left Flagstaff and they'd only gone about forty miles and he died in a pullman car, you know. It was heart trouble, I think, ---?--- or something, but he was in bed this particular day that my father and I went down there, and that was the day that he told us about the ore down here in Red Canyon that we staked.GS: Now, you and he had started to get involved in one of the mining--?PR: Yeah. That was over here a Monument Two and Monument One.GS: Why don't you tell us this, the whole, your whole 54
 PRESTON REDD # 1 experience?PR: Well, that was when this--I guess that was actually before I was interested in minerals. I don't recall now just exactly how it came up. But I was down there one night and this was after I--well, I think they still had this. Yeah. We still had the truckline to Phoenix I believe, and I came through. We'd stayed at--it was more or less just like home to me or all the traders then. They're all gone now. But now backin those days if you went by a house without stopping you'd get shot. I mean that was just an unpardonable sin. That was the atmosphere that used to be. That's how the world has changed. And you didn't ever go by unless it was in the middle of the night and everybody was asleep, you know, without stopping and saying hello even if you didn't stay and eat or stay all night. This here uranium boom or vanadium-- actually was vanadium then that started it there and then it got uranium, and I stopped by one day and Mr. Weatherall told me that there was some out there by the side of the road. He said, "If you come down here on some nice afternoon, we'll go out and see it." So I came down on a nice afternoon and he got in the car and he says we can drive within 100-150 yards of that. Now, this is before we talked about the silver.55
 PRESTON REDD # 1So we drove out there and drove up and he stayed in that car and he showed us where to go and we went up there; and sure enough, there it was. Just like he said it was, you know, and that's what they call Monument One that's out there, that side of the road going down. He said, "I don't think you can get it.It's on the reservation. You've got the Navajo Tribal Council to deal with," and he says, "I won't put any money in it." And that's what he said before he even went out there. And I said, "I'11 finance it and we' 11 just use you. " And he says, "Wel1, okay. " And so we went out there and it was really--well, to me I had some family--oh, my father was there and I had another guy there and boy, they thought that really-- it was a good-looking place and they took a lot of ore out of it. They probably took a million or two out of it. So anyhow, he said, "Well, this is nothing." He said, "There's a big one over here," and that was Monument Two. But I said, "Let's go see it." And he says, "No." He said he won't go over there. He said, "I've already surveyed it once and tried to get it during World War I." In fact, he hauled ore out inFlagstaff in an iron-tired wagon.GS: Monument Number Two.PR: On Monument Number Two, and I think they got to56
 PRESTON REDD #1Flagstaff about the time the was ended and this lady in France was going to buy the uranium. What was her name? Madame Curie. And he told me what they got forit. Oh, I forgot what they got. I think he got four hundred dollars out of it or something. I think they shipped it to France. It was probably high-grade, but anyway, he said he didn't make any money and had to haul it out by horse and team and wagon. I thinkthat's all they took out was one load during the war ---?--- something, but anyway, he told me he wouldn't put any money in it this time so I said, "Well, let's just get it in your name." I knew John Collier at that time was a missionary with the Indian affairs and he was on good terms with one of those, and his boy had been out and spent the summer down there and I figured by their acquaintance with him and using their name we could get it. They both told me we couldn't or we wouldn't, you know, but anyway, I said, "Well, I don't care. We'11 go over to Window Rock." The Tribal Council meeting was coming up in a month or two and I said, "We' 11 go over and we' 11present the deal and see." And old John says, "No. You don't want to tell them where it is. You don't want to tell them nothing. Because you'll just lose it that much quicker." So I got Mrs. Weatherall and57
 PRESTON REDD # 1John and we were operating in there under their name because they were the ones that went, and of course I was there too. We stayed in Gallup, and we were there about a week and we had it in the last time and theyjust--Mr. and Mrs. Weatherall and myself--and I take them out to Window Rock every day. A lot of their old cronies and we were having a real good time. We were staying in a good hotel and eating good meals, but out there I think we went to this council for about ten days, and finally when we left John Collier was there and John had asked for this one place which is Monument Number One, and for some reason or another they wouldn't issue it then, but when we left John Collier came up and he put his arm around Mr. W eatherall and Mrs. W eatherall and he said, "Now, don't you worry folks! I' 11 see that you' re taken care of when this is left. Don't worry, I'll see that you're taken care of." So we left and we had it just as good as in the bag when we left. Even John felt better and Mrs. Weatherall thought we had it. But anyway we had to send some maps and things in, so when we came back John told me he had Monument Two surveyed (and Monument One) years and years ago, you know, and the surveyor at Durango did it. Durango,Colorado. So he said we can save a survey bill if we 58
 PRESTON REDD # 1want to drive to Durango. He told me this fellow's name. He says, "I'm sure you'11 get him. I've lost them, but they'll still have the maps." So I went toGS: PR:SS: PR: GS: PR: GS: PR:Durango, and sure enough they did and I got them and I brought them down there and he said, "Now, I want to tell you something. I don't think we'll get these. We'll send these maps in and somebody else will get them and they'll know right where to go to look for it." And I said, "Oh, we'll get them." I said, "Collier wouldn't lie that much in his position." And that took four hours---?--- and then we were given the officials higher up. So they sent them in.This is Number Two also?Yeah. Monument Number Two also. But when they let them go they never even notified Weatherall.They let them go to--?VCA got them. Uh huh.Why didn't they?I think--what's that guy that works for them?Denny V iles?No. The other guy, he married Frank Hall's daughter.He lives down in Scottsdale now. And he doesn't work for VCA now, but I later got acquainted with him. He was working at the Indian Service over at Window Rock, and this was when I asked him and this was59
 PRESTON REDD # 1years later. I asked him how much they paid him, how much VCA paid who to get that. And the way I rememberGS: PR:it it was only four or five hundred dollars, you know, under the table, and they mined about fifty million out of Monument Two. Surely that much. They paid royalties on that much, and I think they sold that much. So it was one of the bigger mines in the area. But the other--I'd have been satisfied just with One, Monument One, but we didn't get either of them.But you had tried for Number Two also?Yeah, yeah. On this final deal by then I got all this survey, you know, and I forget I paid them a couple hundred dollars, you know, to draw it all up fancy to send into the Tribal Council at Window Rock. Then all they had to do (VCA and all of them) was just walk in there and spread them out and let them look. But old John told me just exactly how it would work, and sure enough it did.They actually had let VCA see your maps?It was after we sent them in. Yeah. Sure.VCA hadn't known about this before, do you think? Well, they didn't know, I don't think about all of the deal. They didn't know about Monument One. They went out there to find it and got the wrong placeGS: PR: GS: PR:60
 PRESTON REDD # 1first. First time they tried it, that one out there by the road. That guy's name---?--- son-in-law. He's a good guy, but then he was working for VCA and I guess he was trying to make a name. He was just instrumental in it, you know. Harry Goulding, in the meantime, I think that he was trying to get it too, and in fact I think he thought he was going to get itjust like us. We were the first ones that did it, you know. And we were the ones that took it over to Tribal Council. Oh yeah. There were a lot of people later. This, he'd ---?--- but I'm talking about it probably wasn't let go for a year. But this was back before 1942 when this happened. I don't know just how much before, but it was before I ever went to Kansas, you know. I was still living here. Let's see, I was trying to think what kind. I had a new Chevrolet car when I took them over to Gallup, and I believe it was a '40, itwas a '39 or '40. Itwas in '39 or '40 because I know I was going to get a car and I thought it will be nice if I get that one to haul them in, you know and so really that's what I did. I had that car, brand new car, you know, when we went over thereand stayed.GS: So when did you find out that--?PR: Then it was about--well, whenever they let that go.61
 PRESTON REDD #1I'd say it would be over a year later when they let it. But in the meantime, of course, I was keeping in close touch with John, and in fact I had had him call and we'd write letters and sign our name and this and that. All the time we got--all the information we got back was, of course--it was, "Now, Mr. Weatheral1, don't worry. Your ---?--- will be taken care of." I just figured they were oldtimers and I just figured it would be a lot easier to get it in their name then it would in mine. But anyway, after all, they boughtit, and he says--he told me at the start, "I won't put a cent in it." He says, "We won't get a cent out of it." And I said, "Well, if we do, you'll take your share of it, won't you?" He said, "Yeah, but that will be nothing." So he was right, but had we done it. It would be nice for them to [have] had something like that but they didn't. And the last time I ever saw him was the day when he said, "I'd like to find some across the river." That was after this other was gone. He said, "If we can get some over there north of the river where you don't have to deal with the Indian service you can go ahead and stake it." And then he told me that, and at that time they didn't think that uranium came in the Shinarump formation on this side of the river, and that's what my dad told62
 PRESTON REDD #1him. He said, "No, sir. That's uranium." He said, "I was in there one day and I dug some out of the top of the deal with my pocketknife."GS: Why don't you tell us this entire story of--this was the day that he told you about the--?PR: Yeah. This was the day he related that. He said that he had some people from the Peabody Museum. I think they were, and they packed in---?--- and then they went down on over to Mancos Mesa and in there digging Maquis. These people took these pottery and skeletons and things back to the Peabody Museum, and he spent a number of winters doing that with them. And they'drecord what they found and how the deals were and so on, you know, but John was the guide, Mr. Weatherall. And I think it was in 1898 if I recall correctly, he told me that when he--there's an old Indian trail right in back of this mine that goes up over the Wingate, and it's really rugged. The cowboys used to feed there. He said they came over there and they knew that place and he said that he dug this uranium out, and in fact he said he filed on the claim. I don't know if it was his papers we found or not, but one day down there after my father had gone down and staked then he and I went down and we found a big monument built, you know, and I said, "Well, I wonder63
 PRESTON REDD # 1if this is old John's." Now this was after he was dead. This would be the next summer. He would have died that fall. But anyway, we gently took them down and we found this paper in there and went to pick it up and it was just like ash, like you put a piece of paper in a fireplace and burnt it up, and when you touch it it just disintegrated. Man, I'd give a lot to have that if that was his, you know, but he told us where it was and he said that's uranium. Dad said, "I don't know, sir. It don't come in that." And he says, "Well, that's uranium anyway." So I had to go back to Kansas. I think that was in August that particular day or the last of July and I think it was in August. So when I went back, why my father and another guy went down there and it was just like he said it was and he staked it.GS: Didn't have any trouble finding it?PR: No, they went right straight to it. He told themsomething on the break of the Wingate where the---?- -- goes over, you know, and he said it's right straight down from that. Because he said--this day we went in there, we came over that trail when they were coming back. And he said, "In there you'll find this here. There's clay bone and there's a big log going through the top of it, and it's got yellow but that's64
 PRESTON REDD # 1not uranium. That's ochre and it's still there." And he said apparently had been right around that little cove. He said he walked down under the face and stepped off the ledge ---?--- uranium. But it wasreally shiny yellow.GS: He'd known it was uranium from the--?PR:SS:PR: GS: PR: GS: PR:GS:PR:GS:Oh yeah. He knew it was uranium. I think he had some of it assayed.And then did you keep that claim and develop it yourselves?Yeah.What was the name of the claim?The Posey.And the Blue Lizard right close.Across the canyon from him. Posey had to name that Posey after this Posey Indian that started thatIndian fight when I was here late in the year earlier.Now, there's been something that's kind of intrigued me. Jim Wade was a relative of Weatherall's, wasn't he?Yeah, he was a brother-in-law. He was Mrs. W eatherall's brother.Jim Wade in the summer of 1912--I think it was the summer of 1912--had been developing these mines65
 PRESTON REDD # 1around Moab there, you know, and one day he took off and just made one trip down there at the reservation, and this seems to fit in to what you're telling me. He went down there and only spent two days there I think and staked three claims. One was called the Rival, one was the Oljato and one was the Ducket. Now, does this tie in in any way? I was wondering, you know, a person doesn't just leave there and go down and find three good claims just in a couple of days. I was wondering if Weatherall hadn't--?PR: John told him where to go. No, Becky did. They went down there, you see, when I was living down there and John Wade came back and he was living in Long Beach, California. He was a pretty old man, and a guy that was there. Weatherall helped finance him and he came up here and worked on the Booze, on these gold mines. They didn't do anything, but they did some exploratory work of some kind. Of course, I wasn't in on that, but then when he'd come for--he'd come back down to Weatherall's. He lived here in Blanding, he and another guy, and they lived up here and had an apartment here at Oscar Johnson's and they went up, you know, and when I'd come through I'd see them and I knew them down there, and when they'd come downthere I'd leave there, you know. Jim had big ideas. 66
 PRESTON REDD # 1He was just like everybody mining, you know, he was really going to find big bonanza up there on the Booze and it was only gold. He was a smart man, you know, learned in the lines for those days. But old John, one thing about Mr. Weatherall is he did a bunch of moqui digging down here at Bullet where Ifirst went out there to work for Nielsens, and I don't think he'd been back there in the 1900s and I'd worked out there for about ten years every summer. And I'd go down there to Kayenta and I'd go in there and get talking to him and he'd tell me things I couldn't even think of about this Bullet area that he was remembering back from the nineties. He'd never forget anything. And any bird he'd ever seen anywhere he'd tell you where he saw the bird and the time it was and if it wasn't supposed to be in that area. Why, he'd tell you he'd seen it and where it was and all those things; he remembered all those things. And I just never saw anybody quite like him.GS: These three claims: the Oljato, the Ducket, and the Rival. The Ducket and Oljato especially intrigue me. I wonder if the Oljato would be the Whirlwind, do you think?PR: Could be. But I can--now, the Ducket seems to me, of course, there could be another Ducket claim down67
 PRESTON REDD # 1 there by Fry.GS: Ducket Crossing is right there.PR: Yeah. Ducket Crossing, and I'm wondering if he stakedone down there.GS: Where is that--?PR: Jim Wade had some claims staked up here at ---?---during this boom. Did you know that? Him and Ray Redd went up there, cousin Ray from Monticello. That's where that Shinarump comes out down around there, you know, down in Dark Springs. Old Jim Wade, boy, he of course when he came back to buy out he couldn't hardly get around I think. Jim Wade probably got a bottle, and Ray got smart, and they went out there, you know, and they Ray did the walking and Jim told him where to go, but it was on the formation, you know.G~á Uh huh. How far is this Ducket Crossing from the Posey?PR: Let's see. Ducket would be from Posey, would be-- well, our lines probably twenty miles, twenty-five miles. What?GS: Here's a good place [to stop]. [END OF INTER VIEW]68
 PRESTON REDD Blanding, UtahAn Interview ByGary Shumway, Suzanne Simon, and Dorothy ErickUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-139BJuly 21, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 21. 1970Tape #2:Developments in Fry Canyon ............... 1 Copper Mining. . ................. 4 Conflicting Claims ................... 6 Myron Feree . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 Bear Hunting ..................... 13
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY DR. GARY SHUMWAY, SUZANNE SIMON, AND DOROTHY ERICK WITH PRESTON REDD ON JULY 21, 1970 IN BLANDING, UTAH. THIS IS THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT SPONSORED BY THE UNIVERSITY O F U T A H A ND C A L I F O R N I A S T A T E A T F U L L E R T O N . T H I S I S T H E SECOND INTERVIEW OF MR. REDD. [T APE # 2 . ]PR: GS: PR: GS: PR:Is that going now?Yeah.What was I talking about?You were talking about Fry Canyon and the AEC.The AEC came in there at first and they built this first town, and it was quite a town there, you know, a nice little place, and then they moved out. Then Cob Minerals--that was the name of the company that came back in there--decided to put an upgrader in there, so they built a better village. The houses they built were made out of lumber. They had big boarding houses and probably recreation rooms and so on, you know, and in the meantime Myron Fridge started this trading post that is still there. Then there was quite a bit of mining activity around there, and he had quite a big trailer camp over there, and my gosh, they had a nice place. Well, they didn't--the mill didn't pan out or something. They were going to upgrade the uranium there and it didn't work out. It wasn't as profitable or something. So they finally quit and sold; they sold their housesand some of them moved into town here. George Lyman
 PRESTON REDD #2went down there with his field people up there. They had lots of equipment and held a sale. People went out there and bought it, and about all went one direction or another, you know. Then they--oh, I don't know, Hal Scorpe, he bought one of the housesthey had and moved just across the canyon, and that's where they headquartered there, and half of the Kettle outfit. Charlie Redd owns it now. When we had this copper leaching deal down there we actually bought the water rights. I think I gave them a hundred dollars or something for it. They were gone.\I I got ahold of them in Denver, where they had gone (,through the legal procedures to get it and use the spring, because if somebody come along and filed on it or something, you know, it kind of wrecked you up. We were down there about a year and a half and leached quite a bit of copper out ot there. But there's nothing there now to speak of except in back of--you go over to the store and there are trailerhouses. They have a real nice store for down there-- it's air conditioned. You can go in there and cool off on hot days. They've also got a good airport that's built out in front of the store. Just dirt, but I've landed there a number of times. But there aren't many people down there now; the mining is just(,2
 PRESTON REDD #2about shut down. I think the Happy Jack's still working, but they haul that ore into Moab out around the other way and they go across the bridge at Hite and up to Bingham and back to Moab rather than come this way on account of these hills and dirt road andeverything. So tourists going to Lake Powell stop in at---?--- Trading Company and trade. The cowboys are there in the spring and the fall and sometimes in the winter, but not very often. I mean not for a very long time. Just going through so they've ---?---, they built a school house out there and they held school out there for a number of years, but they closed it down five or six years ago because there weren't enough kids, you know, to justify it. So it's--but he rolled there now, from the way it is-- it's just about moved out. This one house is over there that Charlie owns that the cowboys had and there's an--we built three 1ittle houses there. We had Indians working [on themJ¥ They were just one room, but they was nice little houses, and I assume they're still there, but it's nothing like it was. The two times when it was you might say in its heyday [was with] the Atomic Energy Commission and the Colorado Oil and Gas. They called themselves CobMinerals.3
 PRESTON REDD #2GS: How did your leaching process work out down there? PR: Well, we got it going pretty good and then sold itout. It would work out okay if you had enough ore, but I think the problem on the whole deal would be to keep bringing in copper ore. The people, to begin with, thought in that area that there was worlds of copper. In order to leach it you have to have oxidized copper, and that's not. That's sulfide. So you have to have this that's been exposed to the elements, you know, over the years, and it's oxidized. Well, we mined out the Four Aces down there and we got about twenty, I imagine thirty thousand tons of copper off from there, but it was just to the point that was out and it was all oxidized. Well, there are two or three other places where North Point Six (the company we sold out to) mined it and I understood did pretty good. I had part of it drilled out when we sold out, but most of the places you can get a few tons or maybe a few thousand tons. That's not very much lately, and so the probelm of the whole thing is if you wanted to go to the expense. It would take a lot of money to--of course copper's high priced now--to go around all these different places.Now, we hauled some copper out of Red Canyon right across the canyon from the Posey. We hauled three or'I4
 PRESTON REDD #2four thousand tons of it up there, but it was really high grade, you know, didn't have any uranium in it. About four or five percent copper, and it paid, but after you got that mined out, that's actually what you'd call small pockets really, and it might be big pockets in that country, but we didn't haul any ore in there that didn't go two percent or better copper. All these big copper companies, you know, if it goes, twenty, thirty hundredth a ton, I mean thirty of one percent, why, that's good copper, but they have millions and millions of tons. Well, our was far a lot higher graded than that, and we got good returns on it, but like I say for over the wall pull we were going to run out of ore. That's all there was to it, but it did work. You could sure leach that copper out of that rock. Of course all the engineers and economists we had in before we started said that itlooked like it would really leach, and it did. We probably, I imagine, hauled about fifty thousand tons in there, and I don't know how many they all left. We haven't been down there for two or three years. But you know, you got quite a few tons of copper out of the area for there.GS: There's something I can remember when I was quite young. It seems like you may not either want to talk5
 PRESTON REDD #2about this or even remember it. I can't remember anything about it or maybe I wouldn't be asking. It seemed like you and Dad and Uncle Seth and your dad and a bunch of them bade a real rivalry over the Red Canyon area.PR: Yeah, we did.GS: Do you want to talk about that or--?PR: Well, I don't care about it. I mean I don't caretalking about it. I actually think that whole deal was accidental or something. Let's put it someway, not intentional, but you know, things get heated up, and we get heated up, and sometimes you're sorry afterwards. But anyway, this deal I told you about was with taking Dad down to Kayenta and seeing John Weatherall. He went down there and staked the claims. Back in that time is when they was really starting to talk about it, you know. I think it was--I believe it was Lee and Harris [who] walked down there. I believe it was the same day that Dad went down there, him and Cardon Jones rode horses down there. They didn't findthe place. I don't know where they were going. Theywent down there somewhere.GS: Were they following you?PR: No, must have been a coincidence is all I can thinkof. But anyway, Dad told me that Harris was about to6
 PRESTON REDD #2give up that night, and he held onto his stirrup all the way back, you know, to get back up to his pickup on the horse. But they'd walked. I think they drovedown to Red House and then Walked down. Now, whether they went down there and they were looking for this thing, John Weatherall's stuff or not I don't know, but I heard later they were. If they were they got on the wrong track. They didn't find it that day. Later, that was in the fall--that was on the sixth of September, I think, 1943--and the next spring yourfather went out there and he took a burro. He was gone for--well, I was talking to him before he left, you know, and he went down there and he was going out there prospecting in the country. Well, the way it turned out was that when he came back out of Red Canyon and he got up there he ran into all these copper floating things and he staked them claims and come out. Well, that was a remote area in that time, you know. Well, then we went back down there to go searching for work (but not at the same time) and your dad had his and Seth's and I don't know, Lee's, I guess, names on there. They'd go down and do assessment work. And we, I think, we went first, andthen the next year we went back down and did it again and we saw where they'd done their work last year; it7
 PRESTON REDD #2was up on the same plane. Oh, see--GS: On the Posey?PR: Yeah. The Posey and the ---?--- I don't think theywere ever--yeah, they were too, over there around Red Canyon going somewhere. But anway, one thing led to another, you know, and that was a long ways out there, and you'd come back, you know, and talk. Well, that's when we were talking about jumping claims and this and that. One thing led to another, but your dad--I'm sure when your dad got there and staked the claims that he didn't think anybody else had ever been there, but they were already staked. However, I didn't ever get it surveyed out, but naturally the lines wouldn't have been the same compared to Vincent, probably some angles or something. But Dad did have this main ore body staked in because you could see it all. Now, where your dad's--I did too see your dad's monument, but your dad's monument was over on the east side and I think he ran west, and Dad's on the north side and he ran south, you see. So Dad would have went fifteen hundred feet down this way, and your dad would have went fifteen hundred feet down that way, and so there could have been some angles. But most of it was canyon, out there off from this point. Se we finally settled that was--that he8
 PRESTON REDD #2took one across the canyon, out there off from this point. So we finally settled that was that he took one across the canyon that they called the Joe Bishop and we took the Posey, and like I say that was backin the heyday, back in the first days. But I'm sure, in my own mind, I'm sure when your father came up there and staked them he probably figured he was the first white man that had ever been there, and I [would have] felt the same way if I had been with him, you know. But it was he had some more staked on down the country too, but that was the next--the following March after we had staked them was when he came back. Why I remember when he got back we used to haul weeds more or less together out there, you know. I wonder what motivated him to go down there?GS:PR: Well, I used to trap cows myself. We'd go down on thereservation; I spent a winter or two down there at the Indian [reservation] and we trapped cows down there and it was real, you know--and I always was real good friends with your Dad, outside of that maybe short summer season [when weJ were feuding about the claim thing out there. But anyway, why Seth, I think, Seth was supposed to finance it or Seth and Lee and Harris; and your dad went in withthem or something. They had some kind of a mutual 9
 PRESTON REDD #2agreement and your dad wasn't doing anything. He said he'd go ahead and go down there, but I think he'd already been down in there. You know, I think he was more acquainted than the rest of them. That was another reason he went, but he told me he was down there--! think he was down there for thirty days or more. I think he went clear to the river. He might have gone down White Canyon and come up Red Canyon. In fact, I kind of think that is the way he went. They staked claims over in White Canyon in that country, but that was about all there was to that.Do you think maybe Uncle Seth had talked one day when you were down there, somebody had talked to Weatherall and related those places down there?PR: Not those places, no. I think your dad--and your dad told me; I know why he found out about them. He and your dad, somebody went down there and talked to John. I don't think John described it like he did to me and Dad. He just said there was some uranium down there, and that's when your dad and everybody didn't think there was uranium in the Shinarump formation. But I think he told me that John said there's someuranium in Red Canyon and also in White Canyon. He said he'd been to every one of those places, you know. He said where it was and where there was someGS:10
 PRESTON REDD #2in White Canyon. Yeah, he'd been to all of them and he remembered them and he could describe them to you and tell about them.GS: Well, that may be the answer for their motivation for going down then.PR: Well, then another thing was that [it was] just when they were starting prospecting, you know. You know, what I mean is they went out, and Harris and Lee staked him there where White Canyon One and Two up there on the Fry Point are, you know. I went up there also, but when I got up there I ran into their monuments, you know. They got there before I did, and ---?--- out there. We walked out there on a hot summer day and those there are a pretty good deal, too. When we got up there your dad and Lee had been up there ahead of us and had that staked at Fry Point.GS: Well, this has been a pretty lovely session. Do you have any other questions?SS: The only question that I would have is do you have any idea where the Myron, did you say--?RP: Feree.ss: Feree. It's F-e-r-e-e where he might be now.PR: Well, he's--I think, I don't know how often he comesout here to Fry Canyon, but he still owns that store 11
 PRESTON REDD #2and he has one down here at Baby Rocks, Arizona, which is east of Kayenta about fifteen miles down that 464 Highway, or 264, or Navajo One. It's right off the highway. I mean, you go right by it. That's where he lives now. He did have this store down in Mexican Hat. The one up on the hill. But he sold it out a couple of years ago. So he doesn't have it.GS:PR: GS: PR: GS: PR:GS:Back in the beginning when they had the ore buying station, VCA, down at Hite, Myron Feree went down and put in the trading post and the bids on it, and that's how he got started down in this country was down at Hite. Then that closed up and he moved up to Fry [Canyon] and put that one in. When the AEC moved in he put the store up there, and that's been a going concern ever since.Did he have kind of a red-headed wife, kind of a dyed red-like?I'll say. Yeah.And did he fly? Did he have a pilot?No.He didn't have a license?No, I've never seen him fly. I've seen her flying a few times, but she was on the ground. [laughter]When I was in White Canyon in 1954 in the summer, down at the town of White Canyon, you know, the man12
 PRESTON REDD #2that has the store there had a wife. Her hair was quite peroxide red.PR: I think that was Myron's brother. He left there kind of after this mining boom and went back to Kansas. I saw him in Goodland, Kansas once after that, after he was down there.GS: RP: GS: PR:SS: GS:DE: GS:PR: GS:In where? Kansas?Goodland.Does he live there still?Well, he lives back in Norton or somewhere. He came out to Goodland and met Myron there and they went pheasant hunting. I made reservations for them to stay in the same motel I was in.Well, I can't think of any other questions right now. We don't dare let Dorothy get started. We'll be here all night. Do you have one, Dorothy?Well, I'd like to talk a little bit later.Okay. Why don't we come back. Will that be all right? Another time after you get back from your trip?I'd love it.---?--- you said you had another story you wanted to put on here.PR: Well, I thought this one would be a good one to end the day with. In about 1940 my cousins who run sheep out in the Uncompahgres out here south of Grand13
 PRESTON REDD #2Junction, they've been inviting me for a number of years to come out there and go bear hunting with them. They had a trapper who was a real ruggedindividual, and I think the most rugged one I ever met. So they'd been telling me about him, and then one time I was up there and I met him. So this one summer we set the dates and I went out. At that time Johnnie Redd had been working for the BLM. However he quit then, but one of his friends whose name was Foggy Connover, Johnnie invited him to come up to go over on this bear hunt. So when we got up there to the cabin in the Uncompahgres we met this Bud Cogger who was camped up there. He had his hounds, and we all had a big dinner that night in great anticipation of the hunt the next day. They run sheep up there, and they had about two good horses and then all the rest of the horses were what we call sheepherder horses. Well, I got to go on this hunt--I was young in those days, and they told me about this Bud Cogger and about how he'd ride up and down these hills. I though "Whee, I'd really want a good horse if I'm going with him, because I want to be with him." They said it was just about impossible to stay with him. So anyway, this night I cultivated my friendship with him and asked him if he didn't have another horse I14
 PRESTON REDD #2could ride. They told me about the one he rode. He said, "Yeah. I've got one you can ride." He told me about it, and I said, "Okay. I want to ride it in the morning!" And he said, "All right, you can ride it." I said, "Will it stay up with this horse of yours?" He said, "I don't think it will quite," but he said,"If you're trying hard enough you can probably stay pretty close." So the next morning we left the cabin at daylight. He had some trail hounds, and we went down on what you call the Tongue and we got down off the end of it and went down under about three rims. He really knew his business, and he finally saw some bear sign. He called the hounds in and let them get a whiff of it, and they took off on the track baying. Now this is in the summertime and it's a 1ittle harder to follow a track in the summer when it's dry then it is in the winter when there's snow on the ground. So we were going down these steep canyons. Of course, as soon as these hounds started baying he took off on this little bay horse. It was the smallest horse in the bunch that he was riding. They took off, and I took off after him. The rest of them were there for a little while, and then they were gone and there was just me and Bud, and down the canyon we went, you know. In the meantime he was15
 PRESTON REDD #2whistling "South of the Border." Every once in a while he'd whistle to the dogs, a loud whistle, and they apparently had some kind of means of communication between him and the dogs. Every once ina while he'd turn around to me, and when we'd hit a clearing or something he'd tell me how close they were getting. Finally he said they were about up to the bear and they ought to be treeing him, and they were way up the other side, you know. We started up the other side, and pretty quick I could hear the hounds coming down. He said, "No, the bear didn't tree. He turned around and he's coming back down the hill." So we took a cutoff and we got up there, and in the meantime, Kerman, Johnnie, and Foggie Connover had never showed up. Oh, one thing I forgot in the beginning, when we left the cabin that morning Foggie Connover and I were the two guests of honor. So the idea was if we only got one bear only one of us could kill it. And we both wanted to naturally. So we flipped a quarter to see who got to shoot the bear, and I won. That made him mad to start with, so he was mad when we left camp. Well, he was riding a big gray horse that day, too. Now to go back to the chase we turned again. The bear went to the bottom of the draw and went up the other side, and in the meantime we16
 PRESTON REDD #2kind of rode up alongside the fence and got him out to the top of the ridge. The dogs turned the bear again. In the meantime Bud was telling me the dogs were up there getting him and we ought to be treeing again and they're biting him. How he knew all that I don't know. We were going just as fast as our horses could run. We started back, and then the bear turnedand started back down the side hill. We got about halfway down there in the thick spruce and oak brush and came to a pole fence that ran across there. Bud of course was in the lead, but I was still pretty close to him and I just kept kind of bracing for him to stop and jump off of his horse to take the pole off, the top pole off of the fence to get over the fence to go on with the dogs. Well, the horse ran right up to the fence, and then instead of jumping or anything he just stopped, put his feet in the ground and stopped. By that time I was up to the fence on my horse and I just jumped off my horse and started to take the top pole off. Bud said, "Hell, we ain't got time to take the fence down." And I was saying something, "Well, how are you going to get there?" or something, but he rode back up the hill a little ways on his horse and started whistling "South of the Border" again after he got done talking to me. And17
 PRESTON REDD #2down he came, and this time he was literally flying, and the horse jumped. He pert near cleared the fence but not quite. He just hit his front hooves on the top pole, and when he hit the ground he didn't go right down then, but he was falling. Bud came off, and when he hit the ground he was running faster than he could run, and he was falling too, so he wasfalling and the horse was falling and he was still whistling "South of the Border," you know, never missed a note. In the meantime I had this top pole off, and about that time I went down in the wet brush and these rosebushes, you know, and then he and the horse stood side by side and got up. When he got up he was still whistling. I don't think he ever missed a note. But he stopped and he hollered back up there and he said, "Come on Pep," he said, "The fence ain't too high, the horse just didn't jump high enough." So I got on my horse and he cleared the fence. Of course I had the pole. We went up the other side a little ways and he said, "We're going to tree him this time," and then pretty quick he says, "Yeah, they've got him treed." We got up there and sure enoguh he was treed. So me and Bud sat there for about thirty- five minutes and hollered, and finally here come these other three. Of course it was me to shoot the18
 PRESTON REDD #2bear. There was nothing to shooting the bear after he's treed. So when they all got there I shot the bear. Well then I wanted him skinned, you know, atleast so I could get his head mounted. And that's about like skinning a pig. It's kind of a hard project, you know, and we started out. Of course Foggie Connover was mad because I got to shoot the bear and he wasn't in on the chase either. He was too far behind. So he said, "Well, to hell with you guys. I'm going to camp." And I think he took his rifle. He had a high powered rifle. I think he took it out of the scabbard and unloaded it, you know, took the bullet out of the barrel and put it back in the scabbard. And we said, "Well, can you find camp alone?" He hadn't been up there much. We were quite a long ways fromcamp, across a canyon or two. "Yeah. Hell yes," he said, "Anyway, this horse will take me back." So we told him how to go. So us four guys stayed there to skin the bear and then we were going back by a sheep camp on the way back, which we did. When we got back to camp we took some tenderloin off of this bear and I put it in a saddle sack and tied it on behind the saddle. When we got around to this sheep camp this herder found out that we killed a bear. He was crazy about bear meat and he talked me19
 PRESTON REDD #2out of the meat. So I left the meat with him and we got on up to the camp. We didn't have any meat for us. We were just going to try to see how it tasted. We went in the house, and old Foggie was in there and he had a bottle out and he was really going down mad. He was the maddest human I'd ever seen, and if I'd been him I'd never have said anything about it. But he said he came back and he got up on the top of the Tongue and it was a big grassy flat, and he said he was mad, you know, at everything. He happened to look up and there was a great big black bear right infront of him. He said he just fell off his horse and pulled his gun out and took the rest off the trigger and pulled out and snapped the trigger and he didn't have a bullet in the barrel. [laughter] The bear left and he didn't get him. Well, the next day Foggie was still mad. The next day Herman and Johnnie had to go down to Montrose and meet the Forest Service about the permit. So they left me and Foggie there to camp that day and they said they wouldn't be back untildark or after, but for us to kill a buck, you know. They were out of meat. So I told Fog that night, "Well, you're mad about not killing the bear. You just shoot the deer. We'll go out here and kill a big buck out here; there's a lot of them." I said, "That20
 PRESTON REDD #2will kind of soothe things over for you not getting to shoot the bear." And he said, "Okay." So we went out around the town. I guess we saw ten or fifteen big bucks and he fired and he fired and fired and he never could hit one. When we got to camp or down at the cabin he was going in there and he was a little bit ahead of me, you know, and I believe we turnedour horses loose just before we got there and he turned his--he was mad--he turned his loose and started off stumbling and mumbling. They had a pole corral which was just a little ways from the cabin, approximately--maybe a hundred yards, but there's kind of some quakey trees between the cabin and the trail. Anyway, the trail that goes out there--I just happened to look down that trail as we went by and I could swear I could see a big buck looking over the top of this corral fence, you know, so I just took a rest against the tree and fired and down he went. And I went over there and he was in the corral and he had been in there licking salt. He looked up when we went by and old Foggie hollered out there and said, "What in the hell are you shooting at at this time of the night?" or something. And I said, "Oh, just a big buck." And, "Oh, shut up," he said or something. And finally I cut his [the buck's] throat and I said,21
 PRESTON REDD #2"Come out here and help me clean him." He said, "I'm not coming out there. You haven't got no deer." So I got my hands bloody and went over to the house and showed him and then the air turned blue. He come out and helped me clean the buck and it was a real big hide, a good one, so I took it back over to the sheepherder that I give the bear meat to and told him he could have the bear meat for tanning the deer hide, which he did. I picked it up about six months later. So to my knowledge Fog didn't get his deer nor bear.GS: Well, that's an interesting way to conclude. [END OF INTER VIEW]22