 CARDON JONES Blanding, UtahAn Interview BySuzanne Simon and Dorothy ErickUranium History Project Tape No. 126July 22, 1971Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 TABLE OF CONTENTSBackground . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 Grandparents Called by Church to Settle Bluff . . . . 1 First Claim Staked .................. 2 Mexican Sheepherder Finds First Uranium. . . . . . 3 Sells Red Canyon Claims to Peck Redd ......... 7 Goat Pasture Claims ................. 10 Ranching in Grand Junction and Montrose . . . . . . . 13 U.S. First Official Geological Report of Canyonlands 15 University Researchers Tracing Escalante Trail . . . 24 Jacob Adams. . ............... 24 Butch Cassidy and Mat W anger. 29 Joe Bush, U. s. Marshall ... 32 Dr. Park and Howard W illiam s. 38
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY SUZANNE SIMON AND DOROTHY ERICK WITH CARDON JONES, ON JULY 22, 1971, IN BLANDING UT AH.DE: I'd like you to tell us who you are and introduce us to yourself by telling something about who you are.CJ: I'm Cardon Jones. I was born in Bluff in 1912, lived there for 3 years and spent the next 40 years and the last year in Blanding. We were one of the very first families here on the mesa. And the last 25 years I spent on the western slope of Colorado ranching--sold the ranch two years ago and come back to live.DE: You're retired then?CJ: I sold the ranch on account of my health. I was sick andtired of working for nothing.DE: Were you cattle ranching?CJ: Yes, that's all I've ever done all my life until the lastthree years.DE: Did you come to Blanding in the first place because ofCJ:your religion?Well, I say yes, because my grandfather was called by the church to come and settle in Bluff. Both of my grandfathers. The two of them together had a combined 50 years as Bishops of Blanding and Bluff and Monticello. My mother was the first white child born in Monticello.ss: Then they came out with the Hole-in-the-Rockers.CJ: Yes, they came with us. Grandpa Cumen, I'm a full blood Jones. My grandfather was Cumen Jones and my mother's
 Cardon Jones #126father was F.I. Jones. One was English and the other was Danish.DE: And then, well, how did you, you said earlier that you had been a rancher most of your life. How did you get interested in prospecting?CJ: Never was very interested in it and one of my friends, J. Wiley Redd come to me one morning and he says, "I believe I know where there's some copper." He says, John W etherell, an oldtimer from down at the W etherell Inn in Kayente told him that he had been in Red Canyon and had seen some copper signs and he said, "I think there's another outfit going down in there tomorrow." And he said, "I've got some horses out West here and I'll meet you down at Red House tonight." So I got a pickup, went down and met him there in the daylight, and we took offthe next morning. He was there with his horses and we rode down in Red Canyon and staked those claims he referred to.SS: That's the Joe Bishop and the Posey and the Scott.CJ: Scottie Blathmay.ss: Did you name those?CJ: Yes, Wiley did, Wiley was the one that was the scribe Iguess you'd call him, filled out the papers.DE: Did he have any particular reasons for those names?CJ: No, I don't think so. Those names were of old time2
 Cardon Jones #126Indians here. I just assume that was the only reason they did.Do you remember how many claims they made at that time? I think it was seven. I'm not sure.At least seven?Were they in a group?Yeah, they were all in one group. In fact that's as farDE: CJ: DE: SS: CJ:DE: CJ: DE: CJ:as we went, just that one part in Red Canyon.Do you remember exactly when this was or near abouts?It was in the spring of '50 I think it was.This was after uranium was known as a valuable product. Yes, they'd got a thousand claims out here in Cottonwood- -this old Mexican that was herding sheep for us--Pablo Atencio was the guy that found the first uranium. He gave me a sample of just rock that he didn't know what it was and neither did I. I brought it into town one time when I came in for groceries, gave it to my dad and he gave it to a fellow here in town and asked him if he knew what itwas and he said he'd check on it and then that's what it turned out to be.Where did he check?DE:CJ: Well, I don't know who. I think he says, I think it wasa Boswell in Moab that used to buy uranium. And I think that's where he--I'm not sure but I assume that's where he--there or else he sent it to the university.3
 Cardon Jones #126DE: He didn't send it to the AEC or---CJ: There wasn't such a thing as an AEC then that I knowanyway.SS: When you getting ready to go down you said there wasanother outfit going. Who was that? And were they goingmore or less to the same area?CJ: Yeah, they were after the same thing we were.SS: Do you remember who they were?CJ: Y es.SS: Would you tell us who they were?CJ: Lee and Harris Shumway.SS: And--CJ: We beat them there because we was horseback and they werewalking.SS: Could you take your pickup beyond Red House?CJ: No, no.SS: You had to leave it there.CJ: We left the pickup there.ss: Then how did you get into Red Canyon?CJ: We went, fortunately the trail used to go approximatelywhere the road goes now.ss: Is that the old Mormon Road?CJ: No, no the old Mormon Road--the first one, the Hole inthe Rock came across Clay Hill down about ten miles below Red House. It did, it came right by Red House, around the4
 Cardon Jones #126head of Grand Gulch. There was a little spring there I just imagined they came to water their stock there. At Red House or Drifting Springs--one or the other. They're both right there together.SS: And it was good water? CJ: Yes, it's good water.SS:Then they came up around the head of Grand Gulch and went back. They had the scouting party out before. See when they was camped on the river they sent a scouting party on ahead to find a way into Bluff or Wells. They were just headed for the San Juan. They'd come a year before in '89. A party had come from Cedar City and Parowan and gone south down across Lee's Ferry and stayed at Moenkopi and then they went on from there across about where Red Lake Trading Post is now. And on into Long House Valley, across approximately where Kayente is and then on east from Kayente and hit the river right where the El Paso plant is now. When they were building that plant and making their lines, their collection lines for their oil, one of the cat operators seen two flat rocks that didn't look like they were just naturally there and he got off and seen two names of two little kids on then and that were the two Harriman kids. There was town families that came in with that first party and just awhile before this, before they found that I'd been reading in5
 Cardon Jones #126Grandpa's journal and he said. "Uncle Platte and I went up the river--that's after they were settled in Bluff." He says, "Uncle Platte and I went up the river and conducted funeral services for the two little Harriman kids who died." And that was those that, that was the two little graves that they found there. And they were kind enough to move, respectable enough or whatever you want to say to move their line a little bit and leave the graves undisturbed and came on into the mine. But it's right close there to where those big, just right straight across the road east to where those big supply tanks are, those first big tanks. Maybe you haven't been down there at all.SS: Only once. It's hard to remember all that country in one trip.CJ: This was the main road that goes down and off to the right. There's two or three huge big steel tanks, five tanks that's just across the road east from there.SS: Well that sure was considerate of them.DE: It's not too long ago that they did that.CJ: Yeah. That was, whenever El Paso put in that plant Iguess.DE: That fuel pipe I mean fuel oil.CJ: Well, this was just the crude oil out of the wells. DE: Well, I meant it was not the gas. It was the oil.6
 Cardon Jones #126CJ: No, no.DE: Underground pipe.CJ: Where the Superior, Texaco, all of them brought theirlines right down through there.SS: Well, did you do any other prospecting besides that tripwith Wiley Redd that time.CJ: Oh yes, I got out and staked goat pasture just 1ikeeverybody else did here.SS: During the boom?CJ: Y es.DE: Did you go into a company form and sell stock oranything? CJ: No, no.DE: You were strictly independent?CJ: Well, my brother-in-law and I were into together.DE: And your brother-in-law's name was--?CJ: Harry, Harry Laws.DE: L-a-w-s?CJ: Yes and Parley Laws.SS: What became of those claims down in Red Canyon? Did yousell your interest in them?CJ: I sold my interest to Peck Redd.DE: Did you ever mine them?CJ: No, I didn't. I never mined any of them.SS: About how long did you keep your interest in them do you 7
 Cardon Jones #126 recall?CJ: Oh maybe eight or ten years. See it was four or five years from the time we staked them until there was anything doing with them.DE: Did they produce?CJ: Yes, yeah. Elliot Redd and then Oz Hunt bought aninterest in them and they mine them for Peck, in with him, for him, I don't know how productive they were or how much money they made if anything on them. I imagine, I'm sure they made a little something.DE: Do you remember how much they assayed?CJ: Oh, the first assay we got was 45 hundredths uranium andI think 4 percent copper. And ten dollars a ton insilver. I don't remember just what it was?SS: But you had a fairly complex mineral there with the-- CJ: Yeah. Theres a little bit of everything.DE: Do you remember where this ore was sent?CJ: No. I don't. I didn't have anything to do with thatthing. But I just assume it went to Monticello with this,it either went to Monticello or to Uravan. DE: Did Parley and what was the other Laws? CJ: Harry.DE: Harry, are they the ones that handle that? CJ: No, we just sold out.DE: Oh, all three of you sold. 8
 Cardon Jones #126CJ: Yeah. Oh we just had a gentleman's agreement thatDE: CJ: DE: CJ: DE: CJ: SS:CJ:wherever they went and signed, wherever they got their name on the claim it was a third mine and wherever I got my name it was a third theirs. Their names would never have been entered into this deal with Wiley. Just Wiley and I had our names on there. Harry furnished the pickup.I furnished the gas.It was a cooperative deal?Yeah. All man's job.How did you recognize that there might be ore?Oh you could see it. There was no--Carnotite?Y es.But Wiley Redd was going on some information he got from John Wetherell. I mean about the locale of the general area.Yeah. We knew there was copper ore down there, and we, that was in the Shinarump formation and all this other had been in the Morrison and we'd heard rumors that this uranium was in the Shinarump in connection with this copper and silver--it was all put together. We just went down there and just took a chance.Do you recall more about the first time you went downthere? Was this really the first prospecting you'd ever done?DE:9
 Cardon Jones #126CJ: DE: CJ: DE:CJ:DE: CJ: DE: CJ:Yes, the first.How'd you feel about it?Oh, like any other millionaire I guess.Was it exciting or did you feel it was a gamble or was it hard work?No, it wasn't hard work. We just rode a horse down thereand piled up some rocks and stepped it off you know. It was just a lot of fun as far as a I was concerned.That was a placer?What?This was a placer not a lode?Well, I don't know what you mean by that, but it was a lot of ore showing there and there had been a lot more that had been washed away. This was just a little narrow point that was left and the whole big wide canyon had washed away.Then it probably wasn't too difficult to mine it?No, just go there and shovel it up and loaded it up. There was no, it was open pit, very little overburden. No just went there and shot it up and loosen it up, but they just shot it, loosened it up so they could load it in a truck with a loader about all they had to do.SS: CJ:ss: Well, the claims you staked later on, goat pasture claims, did any of them pan out?CJ: Oh we sold some of them to companies around, stock 10
 Cardon Jones #126companies and then we had some more planned we throwed it in with the Little Moon Uranium Company. Held that stock until just the other day and then an outfit came downDE: CJ:DE: CJ: SS:CJ:SS: CJ:from Ogden trying to bunch it and mix it up with some silver mines in Idaho. So we turned the stock in and what becomes of it I don't know.Then you were purchaser of stock?No, we just sold out. This company was formed from some fellows in Salt Lake. They came down, they had some property here and we just set a value on ours and they, we just had that much interest in the company.Oh I see. They sold shares to others.Yeah and they done the peddling, we didn't do anything. You just had a share in the company just like another stockholder did.Yeah, we had fifty thousand shares of what they called, it's the original stock. I don't know what they called it.Uranium stocks haven't been doing badly lately.Oh, I don't know. Some of them have done real well but the biggest part of it I think is just these uranium fellows there, big talkers, they can't talk anything less than a million dollars. They haven't got a penny in theirpocket. Sit and bow each other up. [laughter]DE: Well, in their sale of this stock, the Little Moon11
 Cardon Jones #126Uranium Company as you called it, did they take some of this money to invest, to use it for development? Development of properties?SS: CJ:DE: CJ:DE: ss:CJ:DE: CJ: SS:CJ:I don't know. When I sold into that outfit I went to Colorado and I never seen or heard anything of them for fifteen years.Then you didn't get andy returns on your--?No, I never got a penny in returns. I just kept the stock. I would have throwed it away but I didn't know exactly where it was. (laughter)Never can tell.Did you get to know any of the boomers that came in, the people that came in, the weekend prospectors? The like? No, no. I went to Colorado and never did come back all during the boom, while the boom was on I was out there. What part of Colorado was that?Around Grand Junction and Montrose.Did you have any dealings with the uranium up there or any of the mineral claims?No, I have a little property that has mineral right in that country, but yes I have oil shale, coal, gas, uranium, on eight thousand acres in Montrose and Garfield Counties.SS: Have you developed any of that?CJ: No, no I've got it leased out but I get a little returns12
 Cardon Jones #126that way from it.DE: While you still have claims back here and you did leave then when you still had claims back on the Colorado Plateau around Blanding, who took care of keeping the assessment work?CJ: DE: CJ: SS:CJ:DE:CJ: DE:CJ: DE: CJ:SS:Harry.He did his hundred dollars worth every year.Well, as much as anybody else did.Yeah, he was kind of disdainful of exactly how much a hundred dollars worth is.That was the kind of deal, you don't tell on me I don't tell on you.The value of the dollar fluctuated. What would be a hundred dollars one day wouldn't be a hundred dollars the second day.Well these were Democrat dollars.What did your family think about your uranium venture.Did they give their approval?Oh yeah, sure.Were they excited about it?We didn't know but that we was going to get some money out of it.You never did really get the fever so bad that you gaveup your ranching and--CJ: No. I said then I wouldn't trade one cow for a claim and13
 Cardon Jones #126it'd still make me more money. Ah, some people made quite a bit of money but I'd rather have the money that was lost than the money that was made.DE: It was still a gamble?CJ: Yes, I think it was.ss: Did you do any prospecting up in around Grand Junction? CJ: Yeah. Yeah I staked some claims there in Montrose County. DE: By yourself?CJ: Y es.ss: What kind of claims, uranium or--?CJ: Yes, just uranium.DE: When you went out prospecting about how long would you goout and when?CJ: Oh, just as long as I had time for and when I felt likeit.DE: And would this be maybe a week or two or--CJ: Oh no, no, heaven's no. No, I just, most of the time Ijust prospected while I was riding after the cattle. Just all in the day, passing something I thought was good I'd look into it and going somewhere and wanted to look at something, I'd just detour around. But I never did what you'd say just take a camp and take off and prospect--I never done any of that.DE: You weren't the one with the burro and the pick and the shovel?14
 Cardon Jones #126CJ: I was a big enough donkey myself. [laughter] DE: Did you ever use the geiger counter and the-- CJ: No.DE: Or an airplane?CJ: No. I used to spend a lot of time with Dr. Gregory,Herbert E. Gregory when he was making his comprehensive report on this country and if I'd had any, you know, any inclinations or desires along the way, I'd have been a geologist just in my associations with him.DE: Can you tell something about you associations with Dr. Gregory and about him.CJ:I'd like to say to start with that he's one of the finest gentlemen I'd ever hope to meet. When he was making his comprehensive report on San Juan County he stayed here in Blanding and would walk out during the day, just around and I went with him. Quite a lot of the time I'd just be a kid, just for curiosity and he wanted some company, somebody to pack a water bag and after, that was in 1946. I took him and George Carris, National Parks and Mr. Olmstead who is the National Parks landscape man and Grant, George Grant was the U.S. Commerce man for two months on a pack trip--I loved it. As far as the United States is concerned that's the first white people that ever went into Beef Basin and the Dark Canyon Plateau-- that country. I went with them and they made their first15
 Cardon Jones #126 official report.SS: CJ:SS:CJ:DE: CJ:That's really rugged country up in there.I was in there a little over two months--packed all the time.What was it like back in there? I guess, were the animals afraid of people or had they ever seen them before.The cowboys had been in there all the time but there just had never been any official geological report or anything. This Canyonlands, all of this stuff is an outcome of that.As a national park you mean?Yes. This came from that. When we went in and went down in Beef Basin and climbed up on the north side where we could see over at Needles and that country a fellow, this George Grant, I had one mule that was just packed full of his picture taking outfit and I led it wherever we went.And we'd get out on a high hill and he'd get out and set up his tripod and get under that black rag and just take a picture all the way around. Then he said when he got back to Washington that film would be developed and he would patch them together so you could just get a view standing on that hill all over the country.DE: What department did these men come from?CJ: Dr. Gregory was the head geologist for the U.S. He'd beena geology teacher at Harvard all his life. He was in 16
 Cardon Jones #126Pearl Harbor that night with an exhibition going into South Sea Islands to look for this carnotite ore. And of course as soon as the dust settled down they brought him back into the United States and he stayed over here inDE:CJ:Zion's Park. He'd write to me all the time, come and see me, and I'd go and see him whenever I was around and he was one of the best friends I ever hope to have.Then actually he was really a teacher for you for this geology and to how to locate or recognize some of thesethings.When I was with him as a kid we seen this carnotite ore and he told me what it was but it was of no value. It wasn't worth a nickel for anything. But he told me what it was and where and how to find, where to look for, especially in the Morrison formation. We never did go down in White Canyon and Red Canyon where this Shinarump is a lot deeper strata.Did you ever go up on Elk Ridge at all though?Oh yeah. That's the Shinarump up on there.Well, did Dr. Gregory know then the value of the carnotite or why he went over at the South Seas to find it.DE: CJ: DE:CJ: He didn't tell me. I'd just been a long time since I'd seen him and he wrote me a letter and asked me if I would be kind enough to go take him on a pack trip and I says,17
 Cardon Jones #126"Yes, I'd be glad to."SS: Well, then had you been in those areas, Dark Canyon, Beef Basin?CJ: Before yes.SS: You'd be running cattle in there?CJ: I'd been in there working for S.S. Cattle Company. One ofmy uncles was the foreman down in that Dark Canyon area and he, when he had a fault he'd get me to come and help him for a few days.DE: What uncle was that?CJ: Henry Lyman, Henry N. Lyman.DE: Did he ever do any prospecting himself?CJ: No, I don't think so. I think---?---DE: Strictly a cattleman?CJ: Yeah. He's too old to do anything now. He's still alivethough.DE: Then you were, you said back here, 1950 is when you weredoing some of your prospecting? CJ: First.DE: Your first prospecting.CJ: It might have been a year before that. I don't know whatyear it was. I never thought about that for 20 yearsuntil Gary called me here a few minutes ago.DE: But you had seen these outcrops prior to this.CJ: I had seen them yes. Yes I'd seen them but before that18
 Cardon Jones #126they wasn't any good, just a different color in the rock. But it had it's name--he just referred to it as carnotite ore, what that means I don't know.When you found out after the first atomic bomb what had gone into making it, what were your feelings then?Oh, I just figured they had it coming to them.Well, I mean as far as the ore was concerned. You knew that there was ore here?Yes, I knew that there was ore here.SS:CJ: DE:CJ: DE:CJ:DE: CJ: DE: CJ: DE:Did you feel that there was a lot more than this country had--You see, this country, a lot of it was mined for vanadium and they just shipped, hauled the uranium in. They hauled uranium out of here for years, and a lot of it.But you knew that it was still in this county? Oh yes, I knew that it was here.Well you knew then that they did make a--They made a bomb out of it.They made a bomb out of it. But they did go around and try to see how much we had. Did you hear about this or did you feel that we had more than they came along and said we had?CJ: Oh I don't know. I don't think so. I never thought anything about it that way.SS: I think Union Carbide was the one that was supposed to 19
 Cardon Jones #126give the government an estimate of how much native uranium we could count on having. Apparently their figure was way low. Because they kept on buying it from outside the country.At the same time they bought it and were giving ourDE:CJ: SS:CJ: DE: CJ:DE:CJ: DE:CJ:secrets away in order to get this back, do you have any thought about that?No. I just didn't. I had other things to think about.I don't know--the information might not have been spread around very much.No, I don't think so.At least you weren't aware of it right here.No, I wasn't. There may be other people that was. There were a lot of other people that were a lot more interested and closely associated than I was. I just-- You really never sold ore then for vanadium and didn't have to get in on the problems of trying to get your uranium?No, no. Nope I didn't. I was spared that I guess.Did the AEC, and their dealings with the extra bonuses etc., have some meaning to you?Well, only this way, that most of this ore was inaccessible and without some aid like that ever Tom, Dick and Harry that had a shovel and stick of dynamite couldn't drill out and mine that ore and realize anything20
 Cardon Jones #126without the AEC help and I think it helped. It helped aDE: CJ:DE: CJ:SS:CJ:lot of people. When they quit it, sure lots of them folded up. There was just too low grade of ore. Just too much expense to get it out of here.Is there still a lot of this low grade ore available? Well, I think there is. I think there's quite a lot of it still around the country.That could be without too high of costs of recovery?Oh, I don't know anything about that. I don't know anything about the costs. What it would cost to drive a shaft or anything to get this ore from.I think that in the future that's going to be relative to just about anything I guess.Yeah, I built all, ever since it started and I still feel like it that wherever this ore showed in these deep canyons it was cut down. I think this ore comes from where it starts here on the Colorado River and goes clear through here up to Rifle. And it's just as apt to be right here under my house in Blanding as it is out there. There may not be any here but I think that vein, that river bottom, that channel goes through this country from southwest to the northeast so if you can take a ruler andput it on a map from the Happy Jack Mine all up to the Rifle outfit and all these mines are either under the ruler and just along the side of it I think it's a21
 Cardon Jones #126channel that goes clear through here. Evidently these oil companies think so too because they've done a lot of drilling and it's been rumored around that they've found showings of ore, mineralized channels out. I don't know whether they found any big bodies of ore or not but I think they know where it is.They might have to go a 1ittle deeper in places than others.It's like an old fellow I was talking to out there, he come up on the ranch there in Colorado, running one of these seismograph outfits. He worked for an oil company that had a lease on some ground up there from us and I says, "What are you finding?" And he looked at me and he says, "They pay me a dollar a day to run this machine and fifty dollars a day to keep my mouth shut." [laughter] Sometimes it pays to be quiet.But they don't tell people. That's their business. It costs them a lot of money to get that information.Well, the AEC sent their men out, did you know any that, or any places where their information helped other people, or without it they wouldn't have known where to stake?CJ: Well, this is just mining rumor but there's several big mines in this country that were located at night in the bar. The AEC workers drinking and other fellows settingDE:CJ:SS: CJ:DE:22
 Cardon Jones #126around listening and they talked of where they'd been that day and show them what they'd find. These fellows went out and there's several, some of the bigger mines in the country were--that's just talk. I wasn't there. I didn't hear it. But that's what they say.DE: CJ: DE: CJ:DE:CJ: SS:CJ:Did they ever say which mines they might be?No, no. But that was going on. I know it was.Do you think it was happen-chance or perhaps on purpose? On purpose sometimes because they was kickbacks. I guess there was people that was brought to justice for selling out like that.The AEC men themselves working in their capacity were notable to make, or stake claims themselves?No they weren't.Were the AEC people that worked around here, were they local people that the AEC hired or were they usually from out of state.They were from out of town, out of the country. They were good fellows. I think they were honest, honorable but just, they think the government wants us to go and do the dirty work for them and they're not dumb. They can tellwhen the stuff comes out of the hole what it is.I don't think I have any more questions.Did we decide where you sold your uranium? I just kind of recall.SS: DE:23
 Cardon Jones #126CJ: I didn't, I didn't sell any.DE: You didn't any sell any.SS: He sold his claims.CJ: I sold my claims.SS: Before he was producing if I remember.DE: Okay.CJ: One other thing that I wanted to get down someplace whereit could be remembered, where somebody would remember it. I tell you this subject of Uncle Henry's approval of ever being public. Years ago, for several years there was a group of fellows from back East--I don't remember. Some university evidently was trying to trace Father Escalante's trail through. They knew that he came near through this country and he went out down that way and they never could find where he went through the country. And there's and old man, Jacob Adams that was raised out in that country with the S.S. Cattle Company and he had, he was a fine old fellow but he had kind of, never had any schooling his life and any time that you talked about a university man or anything he'd have a defense right there. He'd just build up a resistance and they'd come down to the mouth of Red Canyon and that's as far as they could follow that trail. And Uncle Henry was working with Jacob. Jacob was the foreman for the S.S. Cattle Company and two different summers they came in and spent all24
 Cardon Jones #126summer and just right about against a ledge and just couldn't go anyplace. They could go south to the San Juan and pick it up and after they'd gone back one fall. Henry and Jacob went down there and they'd been up trying to help Jacob for some information and he'd just shell uplike a clam. He wouldn't tell them nothing, tell them everything but what they wanted to know. And after they had gone, Jacob says, "Henry, I'll tell you where that trail is." And so he told Uncle Henry where that trail was and so Henry says, "Why didn't you tell them fellows?" "If they're so damn smart let them find it." But Henry knows where that trail is and he pointed it out to me and from down in the canyon you'd swear that it'sjust as straight as that rock, that wall. But he went up that way and when you get out on top there's some great big rock monuments, with big arrows point across Machas Mesa and goes over and crosses North Gulch and on Gray Mesa there's a cave right out in a big sand flat. You'd never know that it's there. The cowboys camp in it and in the back of that cave is the old donkey and the priest carved in the rock. And then he went down off of the Sunshine Rim and then up into Paiute Canyon on the south side and that's where they could find it again. But from the San Juan over to where they crossed the Colorado at the mouth of Red Canyon there, you knew they could never25
 Cardon Jones #126pick up the thing. Jacob knew all the time but he was, that's well he had never had any education at all. He never went to school but he was a great old character. He's kind of like Abraham Lincoln, if he'd said all the things that's accredited to him he would have had to talksteady for a thousand years, but he was, he was a real old character and he'd never, never been to school. After he got a big kid, his dad died when he was just a little fellow. Well he was in the first company that come through Hole in the Rock and they lost him up there for four days at a time.DE: As a little boy?CJ: Four years old. And when they found him, they could seeover across the little canyon there. And they hollered at him and he says, "Bring me an apple." And he says that a wolf came and stayed with him in the cave, with him at night and kept him warm. It was in March. It was cold weather. And I think he slept with something because he would get real provoked if you laughed or made any light of it at all when he was older. And when he got in his early 20s he heard that everybody should have an education, should go to school. So he had a little bunch of cows and he sold those cows and went to the BYU when George H. Brimhall was the president of the university and he bought him a new pair of levis with the big cuff26
 Cardon Jones #126that rolled up pert near to his knee and a levi jacket and his pistol on his side and red handkerchief around his neck and went up and announced himself as coming into the university. President Brimhall was a wise enough man that he accepted him and you'd be surprised what thatfellow learned that winter. He just went in and set in classes where most of us rely on the things that we can see and we can read and he was just his ears and his mind to remember, but he learned a lot that winter. President Brimhall took him several days in a diplomatic way to say, "Jacob, do you really feel 1ike that a pistol is absolutely necessary here at the university?" And pretty soon he got his levi jacket off of him and dressed him like the rest of the fellows but just in a kind way. Never hurt his feelings a bit.DE: So that didn't build up the resistance for universities then.CJ: Well, he just thought if they was smart then they should find them things out for themselves.DE: Have you been up over this--CJ: I've been over part of it. I've never been from thebottom of Red Canyon to the top of the hill on ManchasMesa.DE: You've never been there?CJ: No, Uncle Henrey pointed out where it went.27
 Cardon Jones #126DE: Was Uncle Henry up there?CJ: I don't think he ever went up there either, but Jacob hadbeen there. He'd come off of that trail.DE: It wasn't the easiest place to get to.CJ: Oh, it was a terrible place. And we was down in thecanyon looking at it you'd swear that it's impossible for anything but a bird to get up over there. But that, maybe sometime somebody would want that information and I withhold that subject for Uncle Henry's approval. After he's dead and I'm dead but that's the story and I don't care what anybody else says.DE: Where is Uncle Henry now?CJ: He's in Manti. He hobbles up to the temple nearly everyday and helps them around.DE: Do you have his address?CJ: Just Henry M. Lyman care of Manti Temple. I imagine justManti would get him.DE: Henry M. Lyman, L-y-m-a-n. He must have seen a lot of theformations and did he ever do any prospecting?CJ: I don't think he ever did. He's--DE: Strictly in the cattle business, huh?CJ: Yeah, he's seen a lot of this stuff. I don't think, henever did that I know of anyway. He might have filed a claim or two somewhere. I never heard of it. He was just never interested in it. But if somebody like you could go28
 Cardon Jones #126and talk to him and tell him to talk to me and what not, he might, he is very likely to tell just what I told you. But I wouldn't want it to go a bit farther than me and right here until he gives his approval. But I think that with that much information people could, someone who'sDE: CJ:DE:CJ:really interested in it could go there and find it. Because when you get out on Gray Mesa those great big old arrows made of solid rock or just these other rocks, made in lines and then great, all the high places there's a big rock monument built up. You can see from on to the other.Now these arrows are man-made also?Oh yes. Like any sheepherder, cowboy, build them a rock and nothing else to do and then they just. Evidently they went that way because that's the way the arrow's pointed. This is the way we get our history. This is the way we preserve things that have happened that we get in the truthful, meaningful, historical event.And when Butch Cassidy and Mat Wanger and those fellows were out they came walking into Beef Basin. Stayed one was and nobody ever knew where they went from there.DE: Is this the trail they were supposed to have found perhaps?CJ: No, This is another one. And Uncle Henry showed me where those fellows went out of there. Tom Kelly the fellow29
 Cardon Jones #126that we bought his outfit out in Colorado when we went out there; he was an old cowboy at heart. I talked with him and he was just a boy when this happened and he stayed all winter in Beef Basin with Butch Cassidy and Mat Wanger and those fellows. In the spring when he went back to the dugout to get some supplies, oh, the destroying angel, what's his name? He's the old Joe Bush, U.S. Marshall, was there with pile of warrants that highfor cowboys. They used to send word, well, all those Texas fellows that was in here, they had Joe Wilson. You know where the Looking Glass Rock is over here just right across on that side of the canyon. You might still can see some of the old bullets but they hired him and he was a crippled fellow and he stayed right there on that road and watched for Joe Bush, U.S. Marshall and when he'd come why he'd send word with an Indian or something if the destroying angel was here, and the cowboys would just take to the rocks and hide. And Tom Kelly, he was just a boy about 15 years old and he came up after groceries to the Dugout Ranch and he said, about daylight one morning Tom raised up off of his head, upwards his head the old sawed off double barrel shotgun that Butch packed all the time and was right down in his face. And said, "Don't get excited boy this thing might explode." And he told him who he was and what he wanted. And he says, "When you30
 Cardon Jones #126going back to Beef Basin?" Tom says, "I'm not going back," and he sayd, "Yes you are." He says, "I know you're going back and I'm going with you." Then he fooled around there for about four or five days. He was supposed to have gone back the next day. But he just stayed around there with hopes that Butch would leave but he never did.Butch knew what he was doing and he had as much time as Kelly did. So he finally started back out there. He told me that he had made up his mind to, when they went around Salt Creek they could see their camp over there and those fellow always had a horse tied up in camp. They was never without a horse tied up, saddled up in camp so they could leave if the had to. He said, "I made up my mind if I could see a horse over at camp I would just turn and run back." "Butch wanted to shoot me," he said, "all right." It didn't make any difference who shot him. But they told him that they might not be there when he came back and they had gone and he told me which way they went out. And the next year after that I was back out there to take some horses. So I went down and found the trail that they went out. Tom Kelly could tell it better than me. He knew the country better than I did, and Uncle Henry knew where the trail was too. He had just stumbled onto it downthere.SS: Was it an old Indian trail?31
 Cardon Jones #126CJ: No, heavens no. Those fellows had gone there to a ledgealmost twice as high as this ceiling and went down on the bottom and built a trivy about 15 feet square. Filled it full of trees and rocks and stuff up just about as high as the ceiling. They'd take their horses onto it when they left. It was just a down trail it wasn't a come back trail. And they'd just get their horsed down there and push them off and they'd jump down on to that place and they'd get down there and push them off and they'd be down at the bottom. And that's the way they went out. They, they went clear down Lean-to Canyon up to the Woodenshoes and they were just waiting for the snow to leave off of the Woodenshoes and the Elk Mountains so they could get over that way and they went down across.DE: Did they come up the other side?CJ: They came in through, see Norwood where they robbed thebank and then they came in through Dry Valley and right down past the Dugout Ranch on out that way. They wasn't afraid of anyone around in that country. Just Joe Bush was the man they were afraid of because everybody else was just alike. If you don't tell on me I won't tell on you.DE: And Joe Bush was a U.S. Marshall.CJ: U.S. Marshall. He was the one that stayed in this countryall the time.32
 Cardon Jones #126Those are mighty interesting tales about what went on. BLM has tried to get me to go out and show them where that trail is and I just kind of feel like Jacob did. What's it to them. If they want it go find it.It is possible to see it though? It is possible to find? Yeah you can. I took my oldest son out there and showed him where it was and he'll live longer than I will. But you can find it if you know the country and somebody shows you where to go.Do you think anybody ever prospected out that way?I'm sure they went out there. They went everywhere. I don't know why they wouldn't go out there.When you were prospecting did you get around in that area too?No, no I didn't go out there prospecting. The only time I was out there was when I was helping Uncle Henry or else when I was there with that party from the Park Service is the ones that sponsored it.and what part of Colorado were you in?CJ: I lived in Mack ten years, Nucla ten years. That's whereour post office is. I lived on a ranch.DE: That's good cattle country is well as agriculture isn'tDE: CJ:DE:CJ:DE: CJ:DE:CJ:DE:CJ: About two years ago.SS: About two years ago. That's relatively new as a returnNow you have just now come from Colorado then?33
 Cardon Jones #126 it?CJ: Well, it's mostly cattle country is all. There's lots of water there to, by Montrose and down and in that country is not a big watering are but it's real productive, it'sDE: CJ:DE:CJ:real productive land.Are you glad you tried your hand at prospecting?Yeah, I had quite a lot of fun. I can sit down and tell as big a stories as any of them what was going to happen.[Laughter]You didn't feel that you would want to give up everything else?No, not for one minute. It was just fun you know. Oh, when you'd got, I'd go out just a day at a time when you'd work like a dog but it's, it was just got get some rock piles on the ground and come back and hope that you could sell them to somebody. That's all it was for. They didn't even look for any--just area you know.You weren't bringing back wheelbarrows full of ore orDE:boxes full? CJ: Heavens no.DE: Trying to drill down too.CJ: No, I didn't do any of that.DE: But at least you were a part of the uranium boom as wecall it, uranium rush.CJ: Well I was here, let's put it that way. I brought first34
 Cardon Jones #126piece of carnotite ore to town. The old Mexican give it to me. I brought it in, give it to Dad.DE: What happened to th is A ttencio?CJ: Pablo?DE: Pablo.CJ: Well, he, those fellows that went out and staked it theyput his name on a claim and about eight or nine others he didn't--I don't know. I think they paid him a little, very likely what it was worth--that one claim but all this other came from it and they staked all around it for themselves. But I guess it's not very ethical. It's legal but it's not ethical I don't think.SS: Well, but without him they maybe would not have known as soon.CJ: No, I don't think they would. It was coming.SS: And the others did help him?CJ: Well, they put his name on that one claim.SS: Well, do you think he would have known what else todo with it?CJ: No, he didn't know anymore about what it was than I did.He just had it around in the rocks, fooling around herding sheep seen this yellow stuff in the rocks. Evidently he was kind of prospecting-conscious because he was looking for something like that. He was always looking around the rocks.35
 Cardon Jones #126SS: He evidently heard something that--CJ: I imagine he did. I don't know he had, just because hepicked that up and dug around in there a little bit. He was conscious of those things. I think he was looking for gold though. I don't think he was looking for carnotite ore.You said you really got to the mine before-- [END OF SIDE ONE]--really got to the mine before Harris and Lee? Did this really cause any trouble or any hard feelings?Heavens no. We stopped and visited and laughed a little, then we come back by there, we were still good friends. There was never any hard feelings that I know of. They never showed it to me anyway.them there, we saddled up and were just leaving when we seen their pickup coming and that's all there was to it. We just went down there to this one place and they'd heard the same story that we had. We was just about 30minutes ahead of them. That's all. DE: A gamble.SS: Who reached the finish line first.CJ: Yes. No there's no hard feelings. We just, well when wecome back why we just stopped and visited with them like 36SS:CJ:SS:CJ: All in the game, just for fun, The only reason we beatIt was all in the--
 Cardon Jones #126we had met them on the street anywhere. I think they went on down and staked some claims on down below there.DE: Well that is wonderful. Do you have any samples of the ore that you took out of your mine?CJ: No, no.DE: I was going to say if you did I was going to ask you fora little sample and was going to label it as such.ss: We're hoping to get a pretty good collection from arepresentative of all different mines.CJ: Oh, that wouldn't be hard to do.DE: Do you have any other pertinent information as to photosor letters or-- CJ: No, no.DE: Or assay reports or anything like that?CJ: No, I don't have anything.DE: You do have a good memory and that's wonderful.SS: Yes, this has certainly been very interesting and thankyou so much for your time and effort in remembering allof these things and--CJ: Those last things they just, when I'm gone why thenanybody can have them.DE: That is wonderful indeed.ss: We will indicate when we turn our forms in what portionof it you want held.CJ: You send the whole thing back to me and I'll mark out37
 Cardon Jones #126 what I want.DE: CJ:DE:ss: DE: ss: DE:CJ:And you will put on there when it can be used? Fine. Yeah, I just don't want to get anybody, get Uncle Henry all riled up. He wouldn't, I'm sure he wouldn't care. It's just a possibility that somebody will get the chance to interview him for this other purpose. At the present time, we're strictly on the uranium project. There will be others who will be doing--The information won't be available to them though.Not now.Not now.But I'm just thinking that the people from the university who do get this if they do want to talk to him because he is elderly--I'm sure that the university from back East, I don't remember where it was and Henry told me too, but I'm sure that they were in contact with the University of Utah because they would come down here together a lot of times. Was it Dr. Pack was it, was the geologist? Yeah I think it was Dr. Pack. He used to bring a bunch of them kids down here and lose half of them. If that wasn't a lot of fun. Well, if they'd ever got me in the city theywould have had this much fun with me as I did with them.I took advantage of being home to know what to do.SS: That's right. I know what I was thinking of is we have38
 Cardon Jones #126been given his name and all we have to do to submit this man would be interesting to interview for his knowledge of the territory around here.CJ: Him and Howard Williams down in Provo would give you, they tell you more in a minute than I could the rest of my life. They, they just lived out there together like man and wife and family.DE: They were just part of the nature of the territory.CJ: Day and night, summer and winter, they'd go out there and stay for a year and sometimes they'd send in for a pairof levis, but--DE: It's amazing of their stamina and ability to get along. CJ: Well, it's their life. Me, I could go out with somebodylike that and stay for a year. I don't think --DE: You've learned how to survive.CJ: Yeah. It's a good life. It's a hard life. It's realinteresting.DE: They are part of history in the making--CJ: They're the guys that killed the rattlesnakes, cut thegrass and built the fences that we enjoy now.DE: They are part of the winning of the West here. We certainly do appreciate having their names and wecertainly do appreciate having you talk with us.CJ: Howard lives there in Provo on the main street that runseast and west--39
 Cardon Jones #126DE: I'm not familiar with Provo but I'll look it up.CJ: Second East and I think it's Center Street. It's the mainstreet that runs east and west in Provo. He just lives right there. And he's really interesting to talk to. He's a good old fellow.DE: Well, we will keep that in mind.CJ: He's an old cowboy, will give you the shirt off of hisback. Hi'd share his bed with you anytime. Thefirst thing he do is ask if you're hungry when he sees you.DE: Really hospitable.CJ: That's one thing of a group of people that I've grown upwith, wherever you go and see these ranchers they like to see you come, stay a long time. The first thing they want to do is feed you and a lot of times if you don't accept it hurts their feelings. Just to drop in for a minute that's frustrating to them. They're the only people in the world I think that have time to sit and talk and visit.DE: They're just back to nature.CJ: Yup. And they're al1 just alike. It don't make nodifference if you go to Wyoming, Colorado, Utah or Texas- -or wherever you go there's a group of people and they're all just alike. Never seen each other or anything else but they're all, they're all--40
 Cardon Jones #126SS: They are dwindling breed though.CJ: Yeah--this is a forgotten race anymore. But when theySS: CJ:have to pay the price for this Argentine beef that it'll come to whenever they kill the marked in the United States why then they'll remember somebody that was-- That was willing to go out and weather that kind of life. Yeah. I think they figure that you can go out and get a beef in just a few minutes if you want to. They fail torealize that there's about three years before that piece of meat ever gets into the market. And all that has to go to get it there. Now they can send it in from Argentina that stuff, and they get, raise good meat. They could kill our market. They can raise them from the highest it's going to take about five years before they can ever, they'11 be at those people's mercy. Don't think that they wouldn't pursuit on.They'll take everbody's--They'll need the competition don't you?That's the spice of life. I don't care what it is, some people are not fair with it. They'll take advantage of you, but that's what keeps--Big old dollars at stake.Yeah. I hope they get all they want of it and they can't eat it.I have one more question to ask you. If you can think ofSS: DE: CJ:SS: CJ:DE:41
 Cardon Jones #126anything else that we haven't discussed tonight will you call us. Or if we think of things that we might have missed, will we be able to talk with you again?CJ: Y eah.SS: Okay, well this has really been wonderful and we thankyou again.[END OF INTERVIEW]42