 MARJORIE TOMSIC Moab, Utah Tape No. 42An interview by Steve Guttman August 5, 1970American West Center Dniversity of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground . . . . 1 Moab Businesses . 3 Uranium Boom. . . 8 School Board. 9 District Problems . 17 V ocational Education. 19 Teachers . . . 21 Problems with Schools . 23 Bonds ..... 34 School Board.. 36 Moab . . . . . 38 Own Business. . 42 Problems. . . . 43
 SG:MT:THE FOLLOWING I S AN I NTERVIEW WITH MARJORIE TOMSIC CONDUCTED BY STEVE GUTTMAN AT MOAB, UTAH ON AUGUST 5, 1970.Some other thing you've done besides being a member of the school board.I've had a busy winter. We moved here sixteen years ago rightat the beginning of the boom, and after moving here we--we've been in business now with this plumbing shop, my husband's, for sixteen--no, about fourteen years because he worked out of Moab when we first came here. Now, let me see, what have I done since I've been here? You mean you want to know--?Have you been active in any other civic organizations?Okay, let's see. There's the Ladies of Elks here. I've held all the offices in that including president, and state president of the Ladies of Elks organization. I belong to---?---. I also organized Moab Dinner-Dance, and this is the first social group in Moab and it's lasted all these years. I've been chairman of the Heart Fund drive here two years in a row. " That's a demanding job. I really can't think of anything else.SG: MT:SG: Well, what brought you and your husband to Moab? Where, where are you from?MT: Helper, Utah up in Carbon County. He worked for his dad, for Tomsic plumbing up there, and when the mines are on strike every- thing else comes to a screeching halt. And we were in this situation when the boom started here, so my husband came downand looked the situation over and worked here for six months before we decided to come down and go into business. And by the
 MARJORIE TOMSIC 111 PAGE 2way, we came down here with two hundred dollars cash, and that's all we owned in this world when we first came to Moab. And that first year we had the m-f-s:f:o-.r::tunáe- of running into every fly-by- night contractor that hit this area. But after that, things started looking pretty good. When we first moved down here, itwas the most--well, it was a shocking thing because it was like being transported about twenty years back. We came down in October and that first winter our sole entertainment was to watch the school bus get stuck right here every single morning. This was. just a cattle field really. And it was interesting to watch local politics. Now you can run back and feel sorry for the people who lived here. It would be like going to sleep at night and waking up the next morning and finding yourself in a foreign country, just infiltrated with all these people, you know, and you really didn't know what to do with them. But I know therewas an argument for--it seemed like an eternity, on whether to arrange for garbage pick-up. Now this seems rather ridiculous, but it actually took that long to have it passed that they very well better start to have a garbage collecting system or we would end up with rats and all this kind of stuff. And the only enter- tainment was one movie house and it was so jam packed that you absolutely couldn't get into it. They later built the two out-door theatres, and the one has since gone out of business. And I don't know, it's been fascinating to watch the community grow
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 3for the better really. When my children first started going to school, they had the double session deal, but no one was really impatient with this. They held classes in all sorts of old buildings, just anything that was available to put all these in- flux of children. And then they built the---?--- night school, and kindergarten was held in the summer time because there was just no room for them in the regular school day. And then, from there they had to build another elementary school, Southeast.And then when the sixth grade students started going into thehigh school, they absolutely had to have a new high school build- ing because they were just overflowing again and on double sess- ion. It's amazing though with all the people coming through from, well, all over the United States and Canada, how well they got along. Really, at one time in our paper I counted seventeen different religious faiths in this community. They did this at that time: they held their services. You know, up to that point I didn't even know there were that many faiths running around,and yet they all got along very, very well in this community. I think we're fortunate really.SG: There isn't any domination of the Mormons like there has been in so many of the communities around here.MT: I don't think so. I really don't. No, I think that we're a unique city in the whole state of Utah. In this respect, relig- iously.
 M A RJORIE TOMSIC # 1 P AGE 4SG:MT:---?--- We've got to backtrack a little bit. When your husband came to Moab, were there any other plumbers in the town?Yes, there were three local people with plumbing shops, and let's see over the years there's been, I'd say, close to seven plumbing companies that have either sold out or gone out of business, and we ended up the only one left. This really isn't good, I don't think4 For the community as a whole, I think you need competitionto keep a happy relationship with your customers because if they get upset with you, then they accuse you of exorbitant prices and this sort of thing; wereas, if you have a competitor, you don'tworry about this because they have a choice.What is the primary reason the other ones haven't made a go ofit here? The community certainly is large enough at least asSG:far as another one, isn't it?MT: W~ll, yes, I'm not sure this should be on tape. It's a long story---?--- and we may need to edit this. SG: Oh.MT: This last one went broke. Well, the union shop--we were threat- ened by the union that they would break us if our men didn't join the union. And they took a vote and they did not want to jointhe union. And so to the representive that came down here I said, "You can't threaten us." I said, "That's against the law." Andhe said, "Well, you take us---?--- truth then. It would be my word against yours and your husband." So it was about fifteen--
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 5no, it wasn't even that long. It was about 3 months later and here came the---?--- Plumbing Company out of somewhere in Idaho. And they bought out Mr. Shield's shop and went into business and the fellow who was the manager of it came over, made the mistake of getting drunk on Main Street and saying that he was here for the sole purpose of breaking us. So the town just seemed to rally around us and we were just fine. We came out all ~ight. But I don't know if that should be on tape.SG: Unions, generally speaking, haven't been very successful in this area, have they?MT: No, they haven't. I think a great deal, a big reason for this is the fact that Carbon County is so union-oriented and so close to us that we can see what happens if the union has that big a hold. I think the union is good if it's kept local. I don't like it on the national level and---?---. They're dictating, not only to big business, but to our daily lives. I hope you're not a unionman, but that's how I feel anyway.SG: Do you think this is the primary feeling of most of the people inthe area?MT: I think they feel that way, uh huh. I think that's why the union--in fact, I'm sure surprised they got in with Atlas, I really am, because they've been trying all these years, and they finally, finally made it.SG: The guy I talked to at Atlas seemed a little surprised too.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1 P AGE 6MT:SG: MT: SG:MT: SG: MT:SG: MT:Yes, I think this is true. This surprised him in his own commun- ity that the union finally did get in here.As far as you know, is this the only union here in this county? As far as I know.Yeah, because we've been trying to find out if there have been any others.Now on government jobs.The post office would be obviously.Yes. If you have a government job, they are obligated to pay by the union scale all you're workers, but--There isn't a private, uh--?That's the only one I know, is that one. I know they've been in several times to try to organize our men. And I'm sure if they'vebeen down to play in the dust just the little fish in the big pond, I'm sure they've tried the others. To my knowledge, that's the only one in this area. But you know, this community could nottake the union for this reason: we're isolated. When you jointhe union, you have to abide by their rules, and you would abso- lutely have to pay union scale. And if you paid union scale, then you're prices would all have to go up in order to make ends meet. People can't afford that. And being isolated, I think we have aunique situation here. When you're this isolated, you need these services. It's a necessity. It isn't a luxury to have this type of thing. And I think this is really why they're opposed to the
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1PAGE 7union.There's no scale for the local area.No, it's just--I think most everyone charges about the same thing per hour. But the town people themselves couldn't afford it otherwise I don't really know what union scales are for plumbers now.They're at least eight or nine dollars.Yes, I think it's eight or nine dollars. Do you realize what one little stinking service charge would cost you. You have to make double what you pay that man in order to pay all of the compen- sations and withholdings and the insurance and all these typesof stuff that you assume your share of. In order to just break even, you've got to charge double or what you're paying that man. And to have a faucet fixed, this would be ridiculous.A lot more people would start doing it themselves.That's right. And poor pity the ones that didn't know how to take a faucet apart.the community you live in to this, and this is why I don't like theunions.SG: Have you noticed in your husband's business any major swings overthe years, or has it been kind of steady?MT: The last three years have been dropping off and this past year hasSG: MT:SG: MT:SG: MT:SG:MT: Well, and like me, but I think you have to gear the whole thing toRight. Like me.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1 P AGE 8been especially bad. But I think that this is a result of the shake-up with potash; not knowing whether they were going to stay or be moved or closed down totally, completely. I think this has had a lot to do with our business. However, I'd say 90 percent of our business in the fifteen years we've been here has been new work rather than repairs. We're just now getting some. That shows you how good a plumber he is. We're just now starting to get repairs.SG: ---?---MT: No, this is really true. We are starting to replace materialsthat we put in years and years ago. You actually have to build up for service work which is coming in now. So up until the last three years, ours has been mostly just new work, new houses, and this type of thing.SG: Has he been doing the work, say, up at Sulphur, the potash factory? Or do they hire their own people?MT: No, they have their own men. However, we do sell them quite ahit of material. And this has only been recent that we've been doing this because I think they buy more on carload lots situation. This way they can buy direct and save freight charges. But I'dsay that in the last year we've supplied a lot of materials, butthey have their own repair people.SG: Do you know about what business was during the uranium boom? Aboutwhat in dollars you were doing approximately?
 MARJORIE TOMSLC #1PAGE 9MT:I really don't. And I did the book work too. I really don't.It has to be good though because, like I said, we came down herewith two hundred dollars; we paid off every bill that we owed. Took all of our little savings which wasn't much a paid off everything and left town with two hundred dollars. We started out with a tiny, tiny little house which consisted of this and half of that and these two tiny, tiny bedroons right here. And then in sixteen years we have added onto the original house, plus that little--and don't owe anybody anything.That's pretty good. Life's been good to you.It has. It really has. This is a nice community, so I really, really believe that when this earth is---?--- in the nation,I think he has a point. I think everyone in this community isa friendly type of person and is interested in everything aroundSG: MT:him.SG: Yeah, they've been very kind to us, that's for sure.MT: It's a unique community. It really is.SG: What made you decide to run for the school board?MT: Well, like I say, teaching school, once you get the smell of chalk dust in your nose, it just never, never leaves. And when I first moved down here, they desperately needed teachers, but being a stranger here and having two small children, I absolutely couldnot teach because I'm also one of those mothers that--maybe I'm over protective with my children, but I didn't want a stranger
 MARJORIE TOMSIC Ul PAGE 10being the fist one to hear their first words and take their first step and this type of thing, so I did teacher substitution, butI absolutely would not teach full-time. And not only that, I couldn't stand to leave my children with strangers,5 and we were total strangers here. I think that we have a tremendous school system, and when Jack Keal who was a member of the board resigned, it was his position I ran for. But I think the main reason thatI decided was so many people called me to see if I would. AndI think this is kind of boosts your ego. If enough people call you and ask you to run and represent them, then I think you feelthat you must have something of value to offer. And first I said no. I said I couldn't because our plumbing shop did business with the school district, and so one group actually did call, not the state attorney, but the attorney for the state school board to see if this would be a drawback. And I was away at that time when he did this, and when I came back, there was a great big sign pinned on my door, and I can't remember the man's name now,but it said, "He says it's all right, so just throw your hat in the ring.u So I went down and filed the next day. I thought it a challenge because you can't stagnate in a position like this.You've got to project the future. You've got to think every minute on whether it's going to be feasible to build new class- rooms, if it's going to be a necessity. You've got to keep your finger on the economy, on how many people you think are going to
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 11leave town, and how many are going to come in, and how many children. You've got to be prepared. It isn't something thatyou can live day by day. You've got to think years ahead on new buildings and new methods of teaching, so that we can keep our children the best educated in the state of Utah, and I think they are. I think we have. Because we're isolated like we are, you would imagine it would be difficult to find excellent teachers that would want to come down here, especially the younger ones. You do periodically get a few rotten apples, but you can carefullyweed these out. And I think by and large we've got the strong- est, most dedicated teachers in the state of Utah. And it is saying something when you think that Granite District right now, around Salt Lake, teachers still have not signed a contract, and they're still haggling. And yes, at any given time, our teacher's organization can come and sit down and talk to us and tell us what their ideas area, and 90 percent of the time they're excellent ideas. If they aren't, we let them know. But you can, I mean the coIIllilunication between the board and the teacher is fantastic. It really is. I think they respect our position, and we respect their's, and I think this is the important thing. If you keepthe teachers happy, they'll keep your children happy and learning.This is what you're after.SG: You have a quite a few people that mentioned that there has beenvery close cooperation between the board, superintendent and
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1 P AGE 12teachers.MT: We're fortunate because teachers--and there again, I don't knowif a teacher would approve of me using the word "union", ábut don't care whether we---?---. They are organized, and if they organized as a group to negotiate, they are union in my book. And they've been kind of dragging the chain all over the United States. Sometimes it's justified, and sometimes I don't think it is. But I think that when school board members will listen, and I mean truly listen, and not just let the word pour over their heads, but truly listen, and not necessarily agree, but listen, I think a lot of this nonsense could be stopped because in the end it's our children that are hurt. The tax figures those too, but this to me isn't important. The fact that the school doesn't open when it's supposed to, and children have togo on Saturday and have their holiday time cut off so that the teachers can make-up the time they've lost negotiating and haggling or squabbling, it is our children who lose. The only important thing to me is that our children get exactly what they should have, and that is the best education possihle ¥ .SG: Do you think there's any future for an AFT-type union coming in here like they have in many of your urban centers right now in the country? .MT: I don't think so because I think the AFT is a radical group. I really do. Of course, this is kind of a blunt statement because
 MARJORIE TOMSIC IllPAGE 13all I know about them I've read in the paper, and the publishers don't always get their facts straight. I found this out when they had the potash disaster down here--the wild reports. I mean it was serious and sad just reporting plain facts. They didn't have to make it more sensational and dramatic than it was because it was a terrible thing. And so maybe this is an unfair statement to say that's a radical group.SG: Yeah, well, I could make some comments afterword. We can take time on that. [Laughs] What year was it now that you became amember of the board? MT: Four years ago.SG: So you've served on full term.MT: Uh, my term will be up in January, and then it's reelected. We'vehad a rather sad four years. We've had--how many have died while I was on that school board? Three died and two moved away. So at the end of four years, I'm the only elected member. to that board which consists of four other members. That's why I'm pres- ident, not because I'm brilliant, but because there was no other choice.SG: Process of elimination.MT: Right.SG: What is the procedure in Utah now for appointing somebody to ahoard? ---?--- board members or--? MT: I don't know.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 14SG: But at least what is the procedure you follow?MT: Well, what the procedure here is. one that we have used and havefound to work very, very well. We advertise that this position is open and the reason why. Usually the town knows because Sam Taylor is an excellent newspaper editor. Then we request letters and applications from interested people. I think by requesting this, you get people who are truly, truly interested in educating our children. Anyone who would take the time to write a letter or come in and be interviewed, you know you have a sincere person there, and I think it takes a special kind of person to be a goodmember of any school board. They have to be very, very dedicated; can't be the salary. But I found--I didn't know you got paid.But then we usually have a special meeting. It's required for this. And we read all the applications and ask individual members to find out about them. We usually try to talk to them and get their views on education and teacher problems and drugs, thistype of thing. Then the remaining board members vote on who'sto go this year.SG: When these vacancies have occurred, what has been about theaverage number of people that have applied?MT: When Bud Black was just elected and very shortly after was moved,we had nine people apply out of that district. And then Mr. Pinkerton who was president of the board was transferred to Australia, and we had seven apply for this.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1PAGE 15SG:MT:SG:MT:SG:MT:So the conununity does have a very strong interest in the edu- cation of their kids?What's unique ab.out our community is that they're interested in everything. They're interested in education; they're interested in local government; everyone's involved, and I think this is good.What prime reason do you give for this? Is it the isolation or is it just because it's a small town? Obviously this isn't the case in an area like L.A.No, it isn't.No. No.I think being isolated has something to do with it, but I think it's a special breed of people. When you have people from Texas and--we probably have quite a few Californians now with the new ---?--- in potash, and from Canada, Oklahoma. This is a melting- pot nation, and when you get them from all over like this, Ithink they're naturally curious about opinions and ideas of everyone around them, and I think that's what keeps them inter- ested. It has to be this because where I lived before therewasn't this much interest in anything. About the only time any- one rattles their chains is if they personally have their toes stepped on. But this isn't so here. It's just a special feeling. Everyone cares.SG: Yeah. Mostly teacher/school board relationships are very quiet and peaceful. They often won't even be a challenge.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1PAGE 16MT: Do you know that the year I ran there were five filed for this district alone? Five, and this was a small district. Now it's much larger. Because of the new districting according to federal or state law, this has to be a new district.SG: Well, the Supreme Court has made some rules--MT: That's what it is, a Supreme Court ruling. Now this has become alarge area, not people wise, but area wise because they have one county representative. The county and the other districts are split up within Moab city proper. So this year it will be a difficult campaign because we will have the whole area from the outskirts of the city clear to the county line.SG: This includes Cisco and Thompson and--MT: Yeah, and going that way will be Cisco, Thompson, Crescent, andElgin right up next door to Green River, plus Castle Valley.Have you been up there? SG: Yeah.}IT: Beautiful drive. You'll have to go up there now. And my district will include that area and then clear on into the airport. Soit's going to be a most difficult area to cover in the campaign.SG: When you first ran for election, what was your district?MT: Just from the city limits along this road to the county line.Out on the south highway this whole area right here.SG: Well, was anyone representing areas like Cisco and Elgin?MT: Yes, and that representative is still on the board. In fact, we
 MARJORIE TOMSIC IllPAGE 17were going to flip a coin to see which one was going to run. He comes from Thompson, and he's a very, very dedicated board member. But he doesn't have the time, and he's had various illnesses in his family, so this is why the two of us decided to run.SG: What have been the central problems with the district in the last few years? Has the fact that the population has been constantly shifting caused any special problems for you or--MT: Well, actually it has because had potash remained as it was an this new company coming in with the mill, Rio Algom, then our first obligation to the taxpayers woul have been more classrooms, all the way around you know. You have to project th~s. Actually, it ' s guess work, that's what it is, on how many teachers and howmany classrooms th.ere's going to be. When Rio Algom was first coming in, our first concern was what to do with the children, how to provide for them because our schools were really bursting at the seams again. But then a year ago, when we were busy trying to think of ways of using the taxpayers money to the best advantage on teacher-wise and classroom-wise, the potash startedmoving people out. So it just kind of leaves you hanging up in the air wondering wondering what is going on. However, Mr. Pinkerton kept us very well informed as to how many families were leaving and we figure on an average of two children per family.Then we talked to the head of Rio Algom and determined how many years there would be an influx of workers with their families
 MARJORIE T011SIC I l l P AGE 1 8coming, and so now is not the time that we're going to need new classrooms. And thank God they weren't built or they'd be stand- ing empty. This is a progressive board. I'm sure you've heard of our new vocational education building, we are---?---SG: ---?--- to get into that.MT: And this would be a tremendous boom to this to this whole areadown here. Monticello, Blanding, and this whole area down here would benefit from this, I think. And I would like to think even ahead to where if the vocational education really moves, and our community at this end of the state continues to grow, this is an ideal spot for a junior college. I think you have to think in these terms. You have to have faith in this community. You know, a lot of people not in our area mainly think that Moab will even- tually return to the small one-horse town it used to be. It won't. This area has too much to offer.SG: I would think the tourism along would keep it at least above a one-horse town.MT: Right. And there's new industries going in all the time. I didn't really even think this lumber company that's set up out here now--SG: Oh yeah.MT: I would never have through there would be that much timber throughhere, but our La Salle mountains are tremendous. And I mean this community has so much to offer. I think these are res.ources that haven't even been tapped yet. Someone with an idea, I think, can
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1PAGE 19make good in this town.SG: Well, if you had a junior college, it would hold the young peopleto the area more. That's my impression. Except for those who do get married, you do have quite an outflux of young people in the area right at the present time.MT: And I think this is the main purpose of the vocational education is to prepare them for jobs open right here in the community. Because if you lose your young people, you lose all you lose all your young progressive ideas and I think you'll stagnate without them. Yeah, we've got to keep our young people here.SG: Is this the primary reason for vocational education?MT: Indeed. Things are so far away. Now take the plumbing shop, forinstance. There was a time when we desperately needed another plumber, but they just don't come down here and stay unless you can promise them a never-ending job. You know, this is a long way to move and expensive, and this would have only been a temporary basis. By state law you must have one journeyman per apprentice. Actually, it was happening when we were working on the rennovation of the junior high complex here. Our journeyman plumber had an ulcer attack, and he was up in the hospital, and so that left Ed, the other journeyman. and we have three app-rentices and the state could have locked our doors and fined us because they could not find a journeyman plumber to come down part-time either. So now the vocational education program has a
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 20plumbing and heating department where you could draw on these children. Book learning's fine, but you've got to actually get out there and get the feel of the whole thing and know if you're going to be a plumber or not. And I think this is with any business in town. I think they whould hire these children, even if they had only a smattering of knowledge in that particular field. I think we've got to do this because every child is not college material regardless of what the federal government says. Shoving these children into college, when they're unsuited or not ready for it, I think, is a grave mistake.SG: That's a disservice.MT: It is. It's a disservice to the college and it's a disservice tothe serious student that's going there. It's a mockery as faras I'm concerned. And so we need more trade schools to take care of this type of person that isn't a college-oriented person.SG: In what areas now is the vocational school going to be concen- trated? You mentioned--MT: They aren't going to have plumbing in this particular time, butit will be a tremendous automechanic complex and the wholespectrum of business, business machines, well, the whole situation.We're keeping everything--and a fantastic home ec. department. Automechanics, even right now there's a great need for a quali-fied mechanic. I'd like to find one to work on the car. One that knows what he's doing. But there's a shortage all over the nation,
 M A RJORIE TOMSIC f.11 P AGE 2 1SG:MT:SG: MT:not just here. There's so much we can do for these children. Do you foresee any problem in recruit i ng teachers i n t hese specialized fields?I think they'll be clamoring for these positions because it's new. It's new to the state of Utah.There's not any vocational setup anywhere like this.We have two, but not of this order. And it's going to be rathera private program to see just how it works out in the community.So therefore, I don't think there's going to be any problem getting teachers. I think they're going to be as excited as our teachers are about it.But you're restricting them in terms of recruitment of teachers. What have been some of the obstacles you have had to overcome?You already mentioned that the isolation at times has probed tobe a problem.It has for the young, single ones. This is too bad. Eut the ones that we have interested in coming down are tremendous teachers. Salary was a problem, but I think now that there have been the increases for our beginning salary, I think it has put us rightup as good competition. Another thing though too, really, there's going to be a surplus, and this is going to benefit our schools, all of our schools. This I think is good. I'm not saying a teacher necessarily isn't good, but they may not be good for our area, our particular situation here in our community. And so withSG:MT:
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 22a surplus then you have a choice of finding that particular teacher that's going to be excellent, not just good, but excell- ent. But I really think our big problem has been--well, in the fact that young teachers want to stay around Salt Lake where they can continue their education with night classes, this is definitely a disadvantage. They have to go in the surrnnertimewhen some of them need jobs, especially if they're married and young and planning a family. Aside from even money and isolation is the fact that they can go on with their education with very little problem if you're close to a university.SG: Yeah, I've talked to a couple of teachers, and they said that one of the main things that have bothered them through the years in teaching is the fact that they can't go on though they-_would like to. They could afford to just go up to Salt Lake.MT: And you feel sorry for them because it's the good ones that want to do this, keep up with the modern trends and discard the things they don't think are going to work, and stay progressive so that their children are right there, you know. Speaking as a former teacher, I think this more than the money would be what wouldbother me. The fact that I would be so far away from the univer- sity that I couldn't continue because the more degrees you have, the more money you make.SG: Right, and plus the other point that you were mentioning too, a better teacher.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1PAGE 23MT: Yeah, the fact that you're there. I mean you're just right on top of all the new stuff, all the time. And so you are a better teacher.SG: Has the isolation in the area caused any problems in terms of trying to innovate new programs? You know, things like new math that have come up, and new reading programs, and these types of things.MT: No, áright now we're remodeling the Southeast School to start a new reading program; it's going to be fantastic. We have really a-- now this principal tried it with math last year, and it was so successful that he decided that he's going to try the same method of teaching reading. I think the whole community is really excited about this because I am a nut about phonics period. I think thatwhen they took phonics as phonics out of our classroom, thiscreated more problems than we ever foresaw. This sightreading is good for some children, I'll grant you, but if you don't hear those sounds, you neither spell, read, nor write.SG: Uh huh.MT: You agreed with me on that. [Laughs] But I still think thatphonics should be taught as a very definite class and then con- tinued through everyone of their studies. And this isn't nec- essarily what the new reading program is. With this program each child will get special individual help if they need it, but they'restill not going to be held back. They can progress at their own
 M A RJORIE TOMSIC # 1 P AGE 2 4speed. This way I think we will lose fewer children because whatI think is sad about the whole education thing is how many dropouts we have. And I say our dropouts are bored stiff. And I think if they've missed out on reading in the first three grades, they don't understand anything else that's going on. They're not necessarily troublemakers, they don't know what's going on so they might just as wellá be irritating everyone around them and this type of thing, and so they turn into problem children through no fault of their own. And I think they have to pick this up in the first three grades, and then you've got it made. And I think if they did itin the first three grades, and I mean every child get it in the first three grades, you won't need remedial reading in the juniorand senior high level because they'll have it in those three grades.I wish I could make someone believe that.SG: You know, I think more and more people are coming to that viewanyway. Remedial reading programs, generally speaking, are adeath to catch up, and they never really catch up.MT: It's too late too because by the time you're in junior high, you're no longer just concentrating on school. You have a lot of outside"interests. You're interested in other things now, extracurricular things like the sports programs, plus you're growing up and you're looking around you and getting involved in civic things so thatyou don't have the power of concentration that you used to have in the first six grades. In the first six grades every child is
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1PAGE 25curious, every child.SG: Yeah, yeah, I think that's generally true.MT: And I think this is the time to reach them. They want to knoweverything. You can mold them, do anything with them in thefirst six grades.SG: rfilat has been the dropout rate, approximately, in the schooldistrict?MT: I don't really know what it is, and I don't know how it comparesnationally or state-wise?SG: Yeah, I was-:-wnt1dering how--it.ácomp~res state-wise?MT: I really don't know. I just think that any dropout is a sad scene,not just for that child, but for our whole system because we goofed somewhere. We goofed, and I think that we should take the blame for it.SG: Obviously boredom is a major fact, but what is the reason most kids give up, do you happen to know?MT: No, I really don't know. I really don't. In fact, I haven't known any dropouts. I just know they're there.SG: Yeah.MT: You know that in the tenth and eleventh grade, they can't missmore than they attend, by state law they have to go up to a certain age, you know. And this is where---?--- I know about them. Do you know this is an idea. Talk to these chllfren-á.and see why¥. I'll betcha anything it's boredom because they don't understand it.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 26Because if they can't think, they can't spell, they can't do math. Reading is the whole thing. If you can read, you can do anything, read and comprehend, I should say. They know what they're reading.SG: Right. Has there been any attempts at any kind of continuation school for those kids who are thinking about dropping out for reasons concerning or if it's a female and it's because she's pregnant or anything like that? Say if for special reasons they just don't continue their education, you know they don't--?MT: If you take a pregnant girl, for instance, she can go up until the time she has to leave school, and then we have special education for them after they have the baby. They can come back and finish or they can have special tutors or this type of thing. I thinkit's more difficult with a boy because he no longer has time tosit in a classroom and gain knowledge; he's got to get out and earn some bread and butter. But it is there. They can arrange to---?--- go to school. Not only that, we have our adult educa- tion now. We're picking up a lot of these people who didn't finishhigh school. And our adult program has been a tremendous success. SG: Could you go into this a little bit more then.MT: Well, I was trying to think--I didn't give out those diplomas, Miss Rodgers did, but I was trying to remember how many adultsthe night of graduation came forward to get their diplomas, and I'd say there were nine or eleven. And this is good. So it is possible through our adult education program to finish their schooling, get their high school diploma. And now with these
 MARJORIE TOMSIC IllPAGE 27extension courses from Utah State University, Logan, there ' s college credit classes available now. So that even though we ' re just getting a tremendous education program set up here.SG: I understand there isn't too much of a problem with minority students. There aren't any Indians, say, within the district itself. Is this true?MT: To my knowledge, we don't have any Indians, and as far as I know, we only had two Negro families. Our minority groups here, I think would be considered mostly of Spanish descent.SG: Yeah, I heard the figure 5 percent.MT: Yes, very small.SG: Has there been any special problems attributed to Chicano students? MT: No, there really have not. Now we have--my neighbor right here isa Mexican family and I don't know where they came from, where they lived before, and this is why I'll say this. I guess I won't mention names, I don't know if this little boy is mentally retarded, but he is a dwarf. He's older than his brother, and his motherkept him out of school for, oh, two or three years because she was so afraid that being of Mexican descent and then having this handicap also--oh, she was just terribly upset because she was convinced that the teachers and the children would pick on him.So I talked to her and I said, "This may have happened in other communities. It will not happen here." And he wanted to go. Thiswas the thing, he wanted to go to school so badly, and so after Christmas she decided to let him go. They love him, they just
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 28SG:MT: SG: MT:positively love h~m.~ The little girls and the little boys and the teachers take care of him. She has been so happy and shejust cannot believe that this, that their whole family has just been welcomed in this community. I've never talked to her about the situation of where they lived before or this type of thing, but it must have been something quite sad to have her this fright- ened of enrolling the child in school.Yeah, I could mention quite a few districts even in our own area, where there is heavy discrimination against Mexican-Americans. That's why I was wondering.Kids, I can't see them doing it with children.Yeah, well, I can't either, but I know it does happen.I know it exists. I mean you see this on television and read about it, and you hear it through acquaintances, but I can't see any adult doing this to a child. I really can't. Now, like now, I have never used to word "nigger" and to me, now I feel--I feel ---?---SG: You know personally.MT: My first year teaching and I just, I was constantly correcting mycompanions on the word "Negro" and "nigger." To me the word"nigger" had the--it does have a nasty connotation to me. I don'tknow if it's the inflection of the words or what, but I myself1 have never used this word "nigger ¥"All of a sudden my two little boys have been using it. They don't even know what it means.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC IllPAGE 29SG: No, not in this area.MT: ---?--- But they know that it's something dirty because it wasin anger that they were calling each other this. So I sat thetwo of them down. I said, "I don't know where you heard this, but I want to know why you use it." Well, it meant "mean." So Itold them it didn't. I says, "That's just like Mark." Now my husband is of Yugoslav and Austrian descent. They call him a "bohunk." However, we've never taken offense to this. Back in Chicago you could because bohunks are really, you know, a minority group.SG: And then there are pollacks.MT: Yeah, there are pollacks, right. Pollack jokes. So I explainedthis to them. I says, "That's like some people call Daddy a "bohunk." And they've always through this was just tremendous,you know, this is quite a little thing to hang on their dad. ButI think some people who don't like the Negroes or the colored people, this is what they call them. I suggest, "If someone didn't like your Dad, in all probability they'd call him a dirty bohunk."I says, "Now, I don't want you to use this word anymore." I said, "It isn't a nice word." They sat there looking at me. I thinkany minority group can come into this community and be accepted. SG: Again is it because they're not used to influxes of people fromouter areas?MT: I think this is true. I really do. I know, Mrs. Schumacher,
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 30Charlie Steen's mother, when she lived here, she had a Negro maid, adorable. Everybody in town wanted to see what she looked like. She was just darling. But I mean this is a novelty, you know,to have a Negro in the community. And I don't think that this--I think everything will be fine in this community because we'vegot minority groups and--SG: So this particular area which is troubling so many schools isn'ta problem here at all?MT: I don't think so. No, I really don't. I don't think we'll everhave this problem because on a school basis--because our principals are tremendous people. They wouldn't allow it. The first time it would ever happen, if it happened, I think that child would be brought in immediately and disciplined, and these children would also be brought in and corrected. And I think that would end it. There's only one thing about this racial thing though. I don't care what color the skin is, nor what the religious faith is, I think personally to me, no one is going to tell me I have to like somebody because I'll like them on their own merits period. AndI think this is what a lot of the problem is. I think that a lot of people have the idea that the government has told us that their friends have to colored and minority groups, and this type of thing. I think basically this is what their problem is. They think the government's telling them who they have to associatewith, and I don't think this is right. I don't think--
 MARJORIE TOMSIC IllPAGE 31SG: The government i:sn't really trying táo do that arnyw.ay so-MT: Well, they aren't, but I think this is what a lot of the problemSG: MT: SG:MT: SG:is, especially down South. I think just because a minority group wants equal opportunity and equal education doesn't necessarily mean they want to associate with me socially. And I think that when the majority realizes this, I think they're going to relax and let these children get along, and they will if the adults leave them alone.Yeah, the children normally get along quite well.Right.They have to learn it from adults. But now to kind of shift gears a little bit. Has the school district availed themselves to much federal funds at all?According to the impacted {?) : area, is this what you mean?Well, beyond the impacted(?) which is kind of automatic. You don't always get the money, but it's kind of automatic that you qualify. Has your district put in for funds from other areas like, say, the vocational thing? Have they availed themselves to federal funds for this?MT: Well, our vocation fund will come from--a third from our district, and a third from the Four Corners area, and the other third from the State Department, Education Department. So federally, this isn't involved, though we do have federally sponsored programs.SG: Could you go through some of these? What they are?
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1 P AGE 3 2MT:SG: MT:SG:MT:SG:MT:Well, my mind went blank. Do you want all of these initials? It would take years.Yeah, Title Five--Title Five, One, Two and Three, and all of this. You know, I'm not even going to go into that because, sure enough~ I'll get titles all confused.Okay. As far as the Four Corners Commission goes, has there been-- has the district used the Four Corners Commission much besidesfor the vocational--?No, this will be the first time. And we have to remit that bidin October in order to take advantage of this money that's available now in this building.Do you see any future used of the Four Corners Commission for the district, or do you think this is going to be just an isolatedcase?I don't really know. I think we should. I think the Four Corners area, so many things could be done in cooperation with this whole Four Corners area if we don't let politics get involved in it.And personality, I think they look at it as an overall situation ---?--- all isolated. I think it could be a tremendous thing now and in the future.SG: So the future does look bright as far as this?MT: I think so. Of course, I always see things as bright. You kindof have to hit me on the head---?---
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1PAGE 33SG: Has there been any problems in the district due to the fact that many of the mills and mines, especially the minesá-have',been~-±nSan Juan County, whereas so many of the people lived in GrandCounty. Has this lack of tax base been any sort of problem? MT: Oh, Irll say. This is what our problems has been, really. SanJuan sits up there and gets all the tax money, and we get all the children. But we have an excellent superintendent; he's tremen- dous with budgets. And I think he is the one that can take credit for our---?--- because this really has been a problem. I'm not just being facetious. We do get all the children and they get all the money. However, the---?--- here have cooperated. When we've needed a bond, we take it to the public. It's enough. Like justnow we've dropped the four mill levy that was voted in for teacher salaries and preservation of the junior high that was a necessity because of the overflow of children. And we show our good faith in them. Although by state law, we do not have to drop that.Even though it was stipulated on the bond issue that it would only be used for a certain length of time. In order to withdraw that, it should go before the voters and they vote on it. Well, any taxpayer would be a fool not to vote it down, but if they show their faith in us, then I think in return we should show ourfaith in them and drop it. This is what was promised, and this is what we did. So if you keep trust and faith in each other,you've got it made.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1PAGE 34SG: Has there been every any opposition to any of these bonds when the different schools have been built?MT: Well, yes. This last one. Star Hall, the rennovation of Starr Hall will be included in this, and this is an old historical building and it turned out very beautifully. Have you been init?SG: I've looked at it. I haven't had time to go inside. These inter-views have been keeping me busy.MT: I'll bet. Anyway, this was a very emotional issue. The town andcommunity was split just about half and half on the rennovationof this building. For many, many reason~. Those in favor of it-- it is a historical building, and they wanted it saved, but those not appreciative of it felt that it cost too much money and would not cost as much as even one, even one of our schools in its entirety for production. And so this became just a terrible issue, and it came to the use of the bond money. The board was split alsoon this. And we ended up with a lawsuit in court, but I think that the dust has settled now. By the way, I was opposed to this, butI think when the board finally takes an action, then you're bound and obligated to abide by that decision. You can get up all kinds of arguments and raise hell and have your feelings, but in the endyou have to go with the majority rule or fall apart. So we were sued on this and won the case. But I think the dust is settled now and I look at that old, old, building and it's beautiful.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1PAGE 35They've done a beautiful job, and I think we'll get every bit of that money out of it. Now, although I was so opposed to it, it was really terrible.SG: Yeah. This really then wasn't in opposition to a school thing itself, so in terms of the bond it was--MT: Yes, it was. It nearly cost that bond by--SG: ---?--- part of the money school then?MT: No, it was the use of the rennovation of Star Hall in the use ofthe money, but it worked out to be a fine community thing. It isn't just a school thing now. The whole community uses it, and this is good. I think the more it's used as a community thing, the more feelings will calm down on it and--SG: Right.MT: I mean it's done. Now let's enjoy it. This type of thing.SG: Has there been any controversy over the new board, over thingslike the building of a vocational school? In other words, have there been any areas where the board has found itself in a contro-versy?MT: The four years that I've been on the board, I think really StarHall has been about the only really, truly controversial thing within the board itself. Sometimes I argue for the sake of arguing. I love a good argument, but we have--we've been most fortunate in having unit board members. There isn't any of this one person ruining the rest, or the rest following like a herd of sheep.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 36Everyone has an opinion and everyone expresses that opinion, and we have fine, fine arguments, pro and con. And then we vote and whatever the vote comes out, there's no hard feelings; except on the Star Hall issue there was. That was the only serious thing,I think, was the Star Hall. The rest of it has worked out just fine. They're not a bunch of sheep. Everyone has a mine of their own and diversity is good. This way you have five different opinions, and you've got something to work on when it comes to a final vote.SG: How about the observation of the board up until the time you became a member? Was there any major, not major, any areas that became kind of a--? Obviously, ther~ is because you're laughing.MT: ---?--- I don't really want to talk about that. I think there was an unfortunate choice of superintendents. If you check our records, you'll see. Well, I'm going to state this, but not men- tioning any names. I feel that it was a very weak board at that particular time because if you question bills, and you question plans for the unit, and if you just don't accept everything as fact, and you want to know the whys and the wherefores, then the situation we found ourselves in was that the superintendent should never have taken---?--- place. So, and I told the one boardmember this when he said they owed me a vote of confidence after no one spoke, dared to say hello to me in this town for two mis- erable months. And all of a sudden like I'm just a fine fellow.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC IllPAGE 37I told the board member, I said, "I don't think that we can truly put all the blame on that superintendent when you have five elected officials looking aft er our interest s. Something is sadly wrong to allow this to happen'.'. And I still feel this way.SG: Yeah, this was the over estimation of what was going to be the students and--?MT: The unit, yes. And a terrible financial situation we found our- selves in and this type of thing. I feel sorry for superintendents because really and truly they're alone. I mean they're right between the school board, and the taxpayers, and the teachers, and then the principals, and this type of thing. And for a person to have to shoulder the full responsibility alone, I don't think this should be. I think that school board should respect the super- intendent enough that they keep on top every minute with the financial dealings of all schools. Now like, just take for instanceaccounts payable. There isn't a meeting that we just move to pay accounts payable. Every bill is checked. You go down through there, and if there's anything you're unfamiliar with or there'sa question on a price~th.aeáá::bill is pulled imrnediately and gone over before approval is given for this. And I think this helps the superintendent and makes him feel more secure and more relaxed in his job. Because I think that would be the all-time trying jobin a school district to be the superintendent because there's so many things he's responsible for personally.SG: You try not to let him out there by himself then.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1 P AGE 3 8MT: That's right, I think if you're going to hire a man, then you better be prepared twenty-four hours a day to stand behind that man, period. Right or wrong. And then if he's wrong, take himin private and give him the hell he deserves. But I think youowe it to this man. He made that job. And I don't think he should be responsible like--not like our present one, but the one before. I dont' think he alone should be responsible for pulling the budget together. I think that board should assume the res- ponsibility of going over every single facet with him and being prepared to present it to the taxpayers and back those figures up. They're your figures, the taxpayer's money, and you're responsible for it, not just the superintendent. And this is the way our board operates. It's a good board. I hope I'm still a member next year.SG: Is there anything else in terms of the schools that we haven't covered at this point that maybe we should add?MT: I can't really think of anything else.SG: Well, then to kind of shift gears now a little bit. Since you'vebeen a resident of Moab from the time of the boom to now, -what arethe main differences in the city itself that you've noticed? MT: Ah, tremendous. How much time do you have?SG: I've got lots of time.MT: Because the funniest thing heppened to me. There just wasn't any-thing to rent. Absolutely nothing. Even little, little shacks
 MARJORIE TOMSIC#1 PAGE 39were rented f or exorbitant prices . My husband was staying at this rooming house, and finally at the end of six months, that going back and forth on weekends, my t wo gi r l s were young enough that they were forgetting him. They didn't even want him to sit at the table with them. ~he one would bite him. ,me this one day and told me to come down. He had found a place to rent. So I drove down and the heat was just atrocious; therewasn't any air conditioning at all. And the heat really got to me. I just couldn't believe the heat waves coming off the road.So he took me to this house, and do you know the town has builtup so much that now I can't even find the area where he took me. But this place, you couldn't get in the back door because whoever rented it because whoever rented it before lived out of a can and just threw them out of the door until there was a big mountain of cans there. And there were two stoves in the kitchen, and electric and gas. Two burners worked on the electric one and the oven worked on the gas. And there was a kitchen sink, but no cupboards. And there, even the light fixture was ripped out of the ceiling. There were two kitchen cupboards in the two bedrooms and no closet,but it did have a bathroom. And they wanted $150 a month for this. I just couldn't believe it. So I said, "Well, look, how long will it take you to get these cans away from this door and make itOh wow. (Laugh)SG:MT: And we decided that we were moving down regardless. So he called
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 40livable?" And they were aghast because they were giving us a buy, a real bargain at $150 a month, and we'll just have to move those in our leisure because they didn't have time. Because they could get, and I believe them, because they could have got $200 a month out of that for the simple reason it had a modern bathroom. Well, I just wasn't about a á.move down in that. So we decided in the long run it would be cheaper to build. We couldn't afford landin town because everyday it just skyrocketed in price, and so we came out. Ed called me one more time, and I came down, and he brought me out here. This road was just a cattle trail. Therewere no homes around here at all. Actually, we were pioneers outin this area. The airport was right over here. Every afternoon the wind blew sand, and you couldn't see out of the windows. Therewas a happy idiot that owned an airplane that tried to fly over this house into the wind. And when it rained, you just did not go down this road at all. And we didn't have a telephone. In fact,we didn't get a telephone out here until one day the telephone company had an emergency, and they couldn't get us because the road was a mucky mess. They couldn't get up it, and there's no phone out here. Believe it or not, when they started out here with the telephone poles--well, by then there were people that owned prop-erty here, and there was another house, and the house we built here. No one would let them on their property to put a telephone pole to get it out here to us. So the telephone company said when they
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1PAGE 41got it out here, everyone would want to hook on, but they wouldn't let them because then it cost us over two hundred dollars to have that line drawn out. Well, you know it wasn't two months later that I couldn't even use my phone. There were twelve parties on that phone. It was really unbelievable when you think about it. Entertainment, however, I think was good because you were a closer family unit. You had to make you entertainment by going on picnics and exploring the hills and the mountains because there was no ready made entertainment for you or your children. Like I said, there was one theater, but I think shopping was the thing. Icried everyday when Eddy left for work. I thought, "Dear God, this is the end of the line". I just couldn't believe it. Miller's owned the grocery store on Main Street at that time and there was everything in that store from soup to nuts. You went sideways through the counters, and you couldn't just walk. It was just jam-packed and the selection was nothing. I had to send home tohave colored thread sent down to me. You had the choice of black or white here. I can't believe it. It has really changed when you stop to think about it, for the better.SG: Besides and the housing costs, how expensive was Moab during the boom? Were other things skyrocketing too, in terms of prices? MT: Oh, yes, everything, everything was extremely high, groceries.SG: Food and--MT: Now take, for instance, what I had been paying five cents for, a
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 42spool of thread was thirty-five cents.SG: And that was only black and white.MT: Black and white. It's amazing. It really was. But then I don'tthink you can blame' the merchants either because with freighting here, they really had problems. You know, maybe a freight truck would come in, I don't know how often it would come in, but Idoubt most seriously that they would've been ordering enough tocome in once a week. They probably had it delivered once a month, and that was plenty for this community. And all of a sudden you have this great number of people and you've got to fill their needs, so I can see why. I was angry at the time, but I can see why looking back now. They guys were probably just stumped.SG: Yeah. Did this also cause problems for your husband in terms of getting supplies for himself, in terms of there not being that many sources for the stuff to come in from.MT: We couldn't go into business on our own right away for the simple reason we didn't have the money to set up the business. Itwould have included having to buy land which we couldn't afford. So we worked out of Moab Lumber, and it was very difficult to bid competitvely on a job because Moab Lumber at that time was partly owned by the---?--- Company in Grand Junction, and they are awholesale house for plumbing fixtures, so we lost several jobs because you can't bid competitibely with one source. However this only lasted a year, and we decided by then we would build this tiny
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1PAGE 43little house out here and decided it would pay us to go on our own. So we started by building a little tiny room on the backof this little house we lived in, and we did business right from our home here. I think really that's what saved us, that we didn't have any extra overhead which the other companies did have, and we didn't stock---?--- We did on this construction,---?--- drew other motels. I'm so proud of my husband. He's built a tre- mendous business and reputation.SG: What year was this now when he started the thing.MT: Oh, sixteen years ago. It would've been what? 1954?SG: So it was right in the middle of the boom, definitely.MT: That's right. We both firmly believed that no one, including thegovernment, should hand you anything. This country is still big enough and great enough that if you've got the guts and the am- bition and the desire, an all consuming desire, you can do and become anything that you set your mind . to. I don~t áthink the gov- ernment should guarantee anything an income, and I don't think they should put up qualified students in colleges and pay their tuition. I think you have to earn it to appreciate it. And theopportunities are still there.SG: Well that's another thing. ---?--- Was it causing any real prob-lems for your husband in terms of business, the problems thetelephone company had?MT: It really was because they neither had the help nor the material
 MARJORIE TOMSIC # 1 P AGE 4 4to get all of the phones in. Even the doctor was on a party line when we moved out here, and I'm assuming the hospital was. It was just a small privately owned telephone company, and so you just had to be patient. You had twelve on your line until they could get another line out to you, but it wasn't like they were picking on us.SG: I didn't mean it that way.MT: No, it was the whole town. They just weren't prepared.SG: Yeah, I was just wondering what special problems you had. I real-ize it wasn't just you that was having the problems.MT: No, they had to take care of the town first. I mean this islogical. It's to their advantage to get the city proper, their lines in first. Because it's a great expense and time consuming for them to run the lines from town clear out here and only have one person's lot to hook up to it. So you just waited your turn, and we now have a private line.SG: Did the problems that the electrical company had cause any problems? Did you have any power shortages, or blackout, or things like this?MT: No, we really didn't, not that I recall. Of course,---?--- with the electrical company that was here at the time we started outwas A.D. Electric. That's the old time electric company here in Moab. They were both very good friends of ours, so we wouldn'thave had any problems because they spent all of their time out here, all their free time. So as far as electrical problems or Utah
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 45Power and Light, we really didn't. As soon as we were ready to build, the poles were right out here. They were right on the ball. I think the ones that had problems were the small privately owned businesses because they--well, I doubt that at the beginning of the boom they had that much capital to invest to get readyimmediately for everything that was needed. SG: Uh huh. ---?--- telephone company---?---.MT: Well, this was what I think would go for any of the small local businesses at that time. They just weren't prepared for an over- night boom. Well, you just aren't.SG: No. You mentioned before a problem with garbage. What was the procedure before?MT: Everyone took care of their own garbage. As one man said, he'dbeen taking care of his garbage for years and so had his granddaddy, and he didn't see why he had to take care of these newcomers' garbage. I know that w as---?---SG: When w.as it that the city finally started pick-up? MT: We still don't have pick-up out here in the county. SG: Still don't.MT: We did for a while, but then the city grew to the proportion where there wasn't the time nor the trucks available to come out here.It couldn't have been over a year after we were down here becausewith that many people you cannot have that much burning and that much garbage around without creating sanitation problems and health hazards.
 MARJORIE TOMSIC #1 PAGE 46SG:MT:I understand you also had problems with sewage at the same timein terms of health problems.Oh yeah. Now as well as before you had to have a state permitfor wells. This area out here has built up to the point now where the well must be drilled much deeper than it was before for health reasons. In fact aren't on it anymore. We hooked up to citywater. However out here in the county if you hook up to city water, it's double rate, but it's worth it. If they'd bring outa sewage plant, it would be worth double rates to áus 0.ut here too. And I think there's---?---.Is there any other things in terms of the city that you'd like to add?I think I've talked enough.SG:MT:SG: Okay, then thank you very much.