 Duncan Harrison Tape No. 93An interview in June, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
   
 Table of ContentsBackground.Involvement with Uranium Industry. Blanding During Uranium Boom. Mining. . . .Uravan During UraniumVanadium ProductionUranium Mining . .Litigation Cases. . . . . Lackaluker Mining CompanyHidden Splendor Mining Company.11 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. 11 . 12 . 14 . 19 . 21Independent Miners during A.E.C. Leasing Program. Safety of Mines.Uranium Business . .Boom. .Boom. .
 
 [ T H I S I S AN INTER VIEW WITH DUNCAN HARRISON CONDUCTED I N JUL Y , 1970 BY RICHARD GIBBS FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.]RG: I'd like to thank you first of all, Mr. Harrison, for inviting me to come in your home and talk to you today. Let's begin first of all by having a little of your background; where were you born and raised and how you got involved in the uranium industry.DH: Where I was born and raised to begin with? I was born in Golden, Colorado and raised in Golden, Colorado. I attended the Colorado School of Mines. I didn't graduate. I went into mining. I worked first in theUnited States and then old Mexico, Peru and back in the United States to work in the Telluride Colorado area at two mines there: the Smuggler Union and A lta(?) Mines. From the A lta(?) Mines I went to Blanding, Utah. That's where I got involved--started to get involved in the uranium industry--in your little ten-ton mill out there in producing vanadium. And there we begin to get an inkling--that was in '41 right at the start of the war. The government was very much interested in uranium because we kept getting letters asking about the tailings pile we had there which was eventually picked up and shipped to the Durango, Colorado mill. Our mill burnt down there, and then I was sent to employment with U.s. Vanadium Company at Uravan, Colorado. I was
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1metallurgist there and eventually became plantsuperintendent. At that time we began producing and shipping uranium sludge. And we began getting inklings what was in the wind as to uranium, and eventually then that plant was taken by the Atomic-- no, the Manhattan District came in and started building a plant at Uravan to produce this uranium sludge; eventually, they took over the Uravan plant. Then I left Uravan and went in the machinery business, and then was convinced to leave that and come back with Vanadium Corporation of American at Naturita where they were producing a uranium sludge. But at this time the government had raised their standards to where you had to make an 85 percent sludge for them to buy it. That's contained uranium. And eventually Vanadium Corporation was able to make a better than 90 percent sludge. They were the first in the industry to do it there at Naturita plant, make that high grade sludge. I was with them until 1953 with the Vanadium Corporation. Then I went out on my own in the uranium business and finally wound up with a group of independents--first Lackaluker Mining Company, and then Radium King Mines, and was in the business of mining and shipping uranium ore. We had just put our mine in Red Canyon, Utah into2
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1shape to produce three thousand tons a month when the Atomic Energy Commission set quotas and cut us down, as it did all other independent producers, to where it was practically impossible to operate. We negotiated a deal and sold out to the Hidden Splendor Mining Company. And that was the end of my connection with the uranium mining industry.And what year was this?This was in I believe '55. No, no, I'm wrong. It wasRG: DH:RG:'57 or '58.After interviewing people like Ernie Gordon, Martin Gaines, and Mike Reinhardt, and now you, all four of you went to either Mexico or South America in your early parts of your career. I'm just wondering why? Was it the adventure or was there lots of money to be made in Mexico and South America?Well, I think for my part it was adventure. But you got paid more; you made more money down there.What was Blanding like when you came back there in-- was it 1941?It was just a small town. It's much larger today. I'd say when I went to Blanding there was three mercantile store. There was Reds, Galbraiths, and Sids, and maybe a couple filling stations, and I believe there was only one restaurant. I don'tDH:RG:DH:3
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1believe there was a drug store or anything. Marvin Lyman was mayor of the town I think when I was there.I enjoyed Blanding very much.RG: Was Blanding a Mormon community?DH: Yes, very much so. I think when I lived there therewas only two or three of us that were not Mormons; two or three families that is. But I enjoyed it there very much. We got along fine with the people. They were very nice to us.RG: What did you see the economy based on in Blanding? Was it strictly mining or--?DH: Well, at that time there was some mill mining, yes. They were mining vanadium in those days. But most of the economy was farming and raising a few cattle. There was a little lumber industry there too. That was most of the economy.RG: You mentioned that when you were mining vanadium, you were shipping your ore to Durango.DH: We shipped the tailings to Durango, but when we were mining the vanadium we have our own little mill. And we produced fuse black(?). That's vanadium pentoxide. When we started up, they told us we couldn't succeed. The big companies did. And we tried to sell our vanadium. First we tried to sell it to U.S. Vanadium. They offered us eighty cents a pound. Now this is4
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1finished product. Vanadium Corporation offered us ninety cents a pound. And all the time we had an offer from Mr. Ludwig, I think his name was, in Chicago, of a dollar a pound. He was exporting it, probably some of it to Japan. And so when we got ready to ship to him, Vanadium Corporation came and paid us $1.10 a pound for it right under our mill door. So we sold to them, and Mr. Ludwig came back and said you should have contacted me. I would have given you $1.20 a pound under your mill door. That goes to show you how the prices are set on.RG: Was there anything unique about Uravan? Was it strictly a company town?DH: Yes, Uravan strictly a company; was at that time. I think is still is strictly a company town. They owned all the homes and the land. I think there was a few homes that they didn't own--squatters you might call them on the San Miguel River.RG: What type of housing did they have for their people? DH: They had nice, nice homes. They were frame construction, small but they were adequate, nice homefor people I would say.RG: How about the prices, say, on dry goods and staples?Were they competitive with regular retail prices or where they more or less?5
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1DH: As I recall they were pretty competitive. TheRG:DH: RG: DH:commissary at Uravan was a good commissary. They had a good stock of goods, and it was well managed and run. I found the prices to be pretty competitive. Could you find most everything you needed in the stores?Yes.Was there any law enforcement in Uravan?Oh, yes. They had deputy sheriffs there. Of course, during the war it was fenced, and they had guards at the gates. People, strangers coming in had to get a pass to get in and out. People living there didn't, but in fact they were practically fenced in.You mentioned while at Uravan you were a metallurgist and later plant superintendent. Now what does or what do both of these jobs entail? What is involved?RG:DH: Well, a metallurgist is working on the method of producing vanadium. And the plant superintendent later on was overseeing the whole plant from the top of the hill down. Uravan in those days was built right down a steep hill. I don't know whether it still is or not. I know I used to make an effort to climb that hill at the stairs once or twice a day to go through the entire plant. That was a pretty good day's work. But I was overseeing the whole thing.6
 DUNCAN HARRISON # 1During that period we began upgrading the uranium sludge that we had there for the Manhattan District. We had sludge there, as I recall, ran about 3 or 4 percent vanadium and we had to get it up, I believe, to 12 or over. So we had to take all that sludge,reprocess it, bring it up to grade. We didn't take all of it. We'd take a certain percentage and bring it up maybe to 20, 25 percent and then blend back some of the old total at about 12 percent which we'd ship to Grand Junction.RG: As an independent miner, mining uranium--I forgot which, what mines you were mining at that time up until--it was after '53 that you were mining uranium?DH: Well, one was the, I overseen Skidmore's mine for a while, the--one of the mines was the ---?--- that wasn't a lease from AEC, but the other I've forgotten the name of. Tom Skidmore had a lease from the AEC and shipped from there. And I done independent work, mostly checking the Bolivia claims for some people. A nd t h e n a f t e r we f o r m e d t h e L a c k a l u k e r M i n i n g Company and Alpine Mining Company formed Radium King which includes several groups of the claims in the Colorado Plateau, most of which the Marvel Mining Company controls now, which is an offspring of our Radium King, and we had leasers on most of those7
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1claims, operating and shipping. Then we mined what was known as the, what we called the Radium King, it was the old Ula mine in Red Canyon. It was one of the penny stock companies started up, Ula Uranium. FoleyBrothers from New York City went in and started a big operation there, and they had lots of problems. They couldn't make it go. So our company bought Foley Brothers out--Radium King did. We went in and sank the new incline into some high-grade ore that we knew was there, but some people had located some placer claims on them which were not valid claims, and we knew we were going to get into a lawsuit when we done it, but we went in after it anyho~. We got sued by--I forgot the name a couple of brothers that lived in Hotchkiss, Colorado. And it's quite a famous case. It was heard in Monticello, Utah over the type of deposit. A professor of geology then here at the University of Utah--Dr. Williams is one of them and then the head of the department. I've forgotten his name. And these other people brought in experts to prove whether a placer claim is valid. They contended that all these uranium channels were little river channels, therefore valid placer claims. Anyhow, we won the case, but the AEC then wouldn't receive our ore until the case was settled. So we eventually8
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1bought these people out so we could go on shipping this high-grade ore.What were you doing all the time? How long was this tie up in court?Well, we kept on our mining and stockpiling.Uh huh.The AEC had a policy that they wouldn't buy ore from any property that was in litigation. So they kind of solved. And we were stockpiling when we reached an agreement. The judge had passed down his decision that their claims were not valid and that weRG:DH: RG: DH:RG: DH: RG:DH:rightfully owned the mineral rights which were staked as, lode claims. But then they would have tied us up for years about paying them. We made an agreement. You just bought them out.We just bought them out.Who were some of the--who were some of the partnersin this Lackaluker Mining Company.Well, the Lackaluker Mining Company was composed of Tom Skidmore, a fellow by the name of Burt Tidwell, Ned Usher--he was president of the Citizen State Bank at Cortez--and a Mr. John M. Wallace who is here in Salt Lake City. Formerly, he is retired now, but hewas formerly head of the Walker Bank and Trust Company here in Salt Lake City. And then he knew Mr.9
 DUNCAN HARRISON # 1Joe Mitt(?). And Mr. Wallace also was interested in Alpine Mine Company. So he thought it would be a goodidea to merge the two companies. So we held a meeting. We each had a few groups of claims around and just decided to merge them. And then through Mr. Usher it became apparent that we could buy the Ula property from Foley Brothers. They had drilled one or two good holes in this high grade ore body, but they were scared to mine it. So our company bought out Foley Brothers, and we drilled out around these high grade holes and found a good high grade ore body and just knew we would get into a lawsuit when they hadn't put down the shaft anyhow. But the two companies formed together, they took the name of the claim below Uravan on Carper Ridge which Marvel still owns, the Radium King--called the Radium King Mine. And we operated there very successfully for, oh, I believe three years anyhow until this quota system got us and it shut down most of our small mines in the plateau where we had leases on them. For example, one of the Radium King Claims, they cut that claim down to where they could produce, as I remember, seven tons a month. A fellow couldn't live on seven tons a month. Whether that quota system still applies I don't know. But after we sold--actually we didn't10
 DUNCAN HARRISON # 1sell Radium King, it's merged in Hidden Splendor. They operated a couple years after we did. And then we branched out and went to Arizona and acquired a copper property. And to get water for the mine we bought a ranch and changed the name from Marvel Mining Company, which i t was, to A rizona Ranch and Metal. We operated the copper mine down there sinceabout '60 up to the present time. We operated the copper. Now the copper mine has been sold and they have the big ranch down there. Our company, Arizona Ranch and Metals, has this ranch of some 12,000 or 15,000 deeded acres with 250,000 acres of federal grazing land with it. It has flowing stream water through it, the---?--- River. Which is something for Arizona and it's quite a fabulous deal. It's going to be developed into a big real estate deal.RG: You mentioned that Hidden Splendor continued operating for a few years after you sold out to them?OH: Right.RG: Whatever happened to them? Why did they quitoperating?OH: Well, Hidden Splendor, they built the mill in Moab.Hidden Splendor did. And their name came from Vernon Pick's mine which was the Hidden Splendor. They bought that from Vernon Pick, and they had several11
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1properties in Lisbon Valley too that they were operating. So they built the mill in Moab and eventually changed the name to Atlas Minerals from Hidden Splendor. History tell us that--or rumor tells us that they paid a million dollars for Hidden Splendor Mine, and it just didn't prove out--that'sall. So they kept the name Hidden Splendor to recover their losses in tax losses. They changed the name they couldn't do that--after they regained what losses, they could they changed to Atlas Minerals which is Atlas Corporation in Yuma City. Floyd Ogden it was.RG: Many of the independent miners have charged that sampling was unfair in those early days of uranium mining. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?DH: I disagree. During the time I was in Blanding, not in uranium but vanadium, it was all hand sampled. In other words, their truckload of ore went into one of their stockpiles. They had areas around the country where they received this ore. They had one at Dove Creek, they had one at Dry Valley and I don't knowwhere else. But watching some of the miners out on Cottonwood Creek, they would deliberately load their trucks so they would get a solid sample themselves.12
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1One fellow had a rack that he knew the sampler always stood on the inside of the truck. He had a rack that he put ore on that one side of the truck and removed his waste dump and put waste on the other side. ThenI'm told a lot of them carried a high-grade sample in their truck and managed to get around and drop a piece of high grade in the sample. And during this period a mining engineer, Orville Whittaker, who I personally knew, and of course, I was an independent operator, and he called me up and asked if he couldn't come out and stay with me a few days. He was checking into this sampling for the government. I think this was called Metals Reserve, the people that were buying it. So he came out and he asked me myopinions on the sampling, and I told him what I had seen and what I had known, and he was quite amazed. He didn't want to believe me that these government stockpiles were that careless in their sampling; all hand sampled. And so I went on a trip with him, we went to these different places and he watched it. He sat at my house in Blanding and wrote the report that immediately the government would have to insist on automatic samplers, which they did put in such asthey were. But most of those stockpiles, I've been told, turned up very short in vanadium. Now as to13
 DUNCAN HARRISON # 1uranium, when I first--well, when I worked for Union Carbide, they hadn't yet installed automatic sampling. Then when I went with the Vanadium Corporation, it was all hand sampling. And we tried to make the best hand sample we could. We dumped the truck on the ground and cut a channel through it. We later then installed automatic sampling. But I believe our sampling was as fair as it could be. I admit they were lax in their samplers, automatic samplers. I built the one that at VCA, the first on that was built there. And we got a fair sample for the amount of money we had to spend, but it could have been a lot better if you wanted to get a realfair sample. But I believe that the cookie crumbles both ways. I think some of them got a good break and I think some of them got a bum break. Same thing for the company. They might have got a good break on one sample and a bum break on the next one. But there was no definite intent on the part of the companies to try and beat anyone. They wanted to give them everything they had coming.RG: At VCA what mesh were you using? Was it 120 or 101? DH: You mean our grind for the sample?RG: Yeah.DH: To tell you the truth I don't remember, but I believe14
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1it was a hundred mesh screen we used for the sample.RG: DH: RG: DH:RG: DH:RG:Did you ever consider applying for an AEC lease?Yes. Why?Why did it seem attractive to you?Wel1, the boys that had them seemed to be making money. But I never could get any place trying to get one.Why do you think that this was so?I don't know. It seems to me that I made application. I can't say for sure I did. But it seems to me I made application and never did hear from them.Did it seem like after the early years of the leasing program, did it seem like most of the leases were going to the large firms rather than the smallerindependents?DH: Yes, I think so. That is I think there were peoplewith political influence and through maybe joining up on the AEC side of the picture they got the better leases. In other words, what I'm trying to say is this. There was quite a controversy going on between the AEC and the independent miners. I don't know what they call themselves.RG: The Independent Ore Producers A ssociation? DH: Right.RG: Did you ever join that by the way?15
 DUNCAN HARRISON # 1DH: I think I did, yes. But I didn't get too muchinvolved in it. I was too busy otherwise. But it seemed like anyone that got in on the other side of the picture and got along with the Atomic Energy Commission, they were the ones that got the better leases.RG: The miners of the late forties and early fifties have often charged that the Atomic Energy Commission was incompetent, that they just didn't have a feel for the uranium industry. Do you agree or disagree?DH: I wouldn't say they were incompetent. No, I'd say that during the first years in the forties that they probably had a staff of men that weren't experienced in the uranium industry, in the mining. In fact, the reason I would say that, I had two of the men when I was at Uravan come to me and ask me to take them out in the mine and show them what the ore looked like, which I did. I can't say that the Atomic Energy Commission was to blame. They perhaps couldn't get men at that time that were experienced in the industry. They brought in men from the mining industry from different phases of the mining industry. At that time in the early--well, forties to fifties when the uranium boom was on, there weren'ttoo many people that were experienced in the uranium 16
 DUNCAN HARRISON # 1 industry.RG: According to the Atomi c Energy Commission , t hey say that prior to their beginning of the leasing program in 1949, they had two alternatives to grant these leases: number one being competitive bidding, two being experienced in the uranium industry and the ability to raise capital. They chose the latter. Would you as an independent miner have preferred thefirst, that is to say competitive bidding?DH: No, I don't think so because competitive bidding, unless they held down the big companies, the independents didn't have a chance. I noted this and Iwasn't with the Vanadium Corporation at that time, but on the Navajo Reservation when they were putting up leases for competitive bidding, and that was strictly vanadium, somehow or another Vanadium Corporation always managed to win the bid.RG: The Atomic Energy Commission maintains that the reason they gave a lot of these leases to the big companies was because the claims were too deep to be economically feasible for independent miners. What about shallow claims such as Calamity and Alcove, weren't these shallow enough that an independentminer could have mine them very economically?DH: Oh yes. Sure. A lot of these, a lot of these deep17
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1drilling claims, they could go in on the rim. Drive a drift into it rather than have to sink a shaft. And I would say if they would have put down a deep shaft, have to sink a big shaft that was probably that was for the big companies.RG: Wouldn't it be economically feasible for an independent to drill maybe four or five hundred feet? DH: Well, yes. There's independents that could do that, many of them. When we're talking about independents,some of the independents have substantial capital behind them too. They weren't all small miners. Fellows that maybe had a jack hammer and a compressor was a small miner. But there was independents that had drill rigs and mucking machines and handsome machinery too that could go in just as well as a big company.RG: While you were associated with uranium in the mines, did they Bureau of Mines or the Atomic Energy Commission ever make frequent inspections of these mines?DH: Oh yes.RG: Was this mainly--?DH: The state mine inspector of the state of Colorado,they had a man in the field all of the time. I can't recall so much Bureau of Mines, but I do remember18
 DUNCAN HARRISON # 1them coming in two or three times . And , of the Atomic Energy Commiss ion, t hey hadcourse, t heirRG: DH: RG: DH:RG: DH:inspectors that came in too.Now were the mines ventilated at this time?Yeah, most all those mines were ventilated.Were they concerned with radiation in the mines?Oh yes. From the period of '47 on, that's when I went back with VCA, I went through quite a hassle overradiation and dust, what have you. We got out name splashed all over the front page of the papers.Could you explain that a little more.Well, it was the state board of health, I believe of Colorado. I remember one man, Dr. Jacoe, J-a-c-o-e, and we had a dust problem which we were trying to correct in the Delta, Naturita, and we had radiation problems. They accused us of being lax in our concern of the workers and so forth, which could have been true. But after all we were all right in the middle of it too. And I don't look like I'm very unhealthy, do I?RG: No, you don't. [Laugh] Do you put much stock in this radon daughter concentration theory?DH: I think they've over emphasized it. I think they've gone overboard on the effects of it. Of course, time will tell.19
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1RG: In the overall picture now, do you feel that theAtomic Energy Commission hindered or helped the independent miner?DH: Well, when they first came into the picture, they helped him because they put a price on uranium where he could make some money. And of course, maybe over- production caused them to put in this quota system. But that definitely hurt the small miner; just practically knocked him out of the business.RG:DH:RG:DH:RG: DH:RG:When you were doing your mining was most of the mining done in the Morrison Formation?Right. The Radium King was in the Shinarump, but all the other was in the Morrison that I have experience with.Did anyone ever think to look in the Shinarump and Chinle? Had they--?Well, we mined in the Shinarump back at the Radium King.But this was after it was in full swing though.Oh yeah. Well, yes, I think there was known deposits in the Shinarump.I just have two more questions. One is that John Schumacker has said that he feels the uranium business is a "small" business. In other words, it'sgeared to the independent miner. Do you agree or 20
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1disagree?DH: Could you repeat the question?RG: Well, John Schumacher has said that the uraniumbusiness is a small business. In other words, it's geared to the small, the independent miner inasmuch as many of the claims on the plateau--pardon me, the deposits on the Colorado Plateau are so scattered. And they're some are small deposits and some are very large. He feels all of these could have been handled very well by independent miners. I'm wondering if you agree with him or disagree with him.DH: I agree with him. That's the mining end of it. The small miners, the small ore bodies. Sure, they're the logical people to mine them. They couldn't mill them. It takes a large company to put in a mill economically. We done all right with a small vanadium mill, but you couldn't--I guess you could do it on uranium too, but that takes a little capital. I think they're much better off when they have small miners all over the plateau. I think it was good for the economy. You had a whole bunch of people working, you know, leasers. And if a fellow wants to go up and set him up a little shack and mine him a few tons of ore and can sell it at a decent price, I think that's good for the economy. It get a lot of people out in21
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1the field. And after all, that's the fellow that discovered most of your ore. He's the fellow that brought it in, the fellow who went out in the boondocks with a pick and shovel and brought the orein.RG: Was there ever any scuttlebutt in the miningcommunity about employees of the Atomic Energy Commission who had found rich deposits, later quit the AEC and then mined these claims themselves?DH: Yes, I heard that, heard it on several occasions. Not only that, there was some of the drilling companies on the plateau that drilled out ore bodies, knew what was there, they were contracting through AEC, and then through devious manner got in and leased the ground. That took place.RG:Inasmuch as the Statute of Limitations has long since relieved these people of any legal responsibility as far as this is concerned, I'll ask you this question. Was it common knowledge that Vernon Pick had got his lease through a leak in the Atomic Energy Commission? I've heard that on many occasions, yes.DH:RG: What about Morehouse and Chapman? Is that the samecase with them? Only they had been employees.DH: One of the cases that I was thinking of, that had been employees of the AEC and went out and got a22
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1piece of ground. Now this is just heresay. This is what I've been told.RG: Looking back on your days in uranium, on your days in mining, would you do it again?DH: Oh sure. I've retired now, but if something comes along, why, I think I'd take another whack at it. I'd try it. I told you an interesting piece of thing about the uranium business. When I was with the VCA, what probably was one of the better mines of the district was Monument Number Two Mine down in the reservation. You were in Blanding, you go to Bluff and that out to Monument Two which is in Monument Valley. That mine was a fabulous mine. When I went with VCA, they had a little mill at Bluff and they had a leasor that hauled the ore in there for them to mill. It was supposed to be real low grade deposit. And I went down there one time and a fellow by thename of Clyde Bott had the lease on that thing, and he asked me if he couldn't go over on another side and shoot the face off a cliff there. It looked to him like there was some good ore there. So I took it up with western manager of VCA, and he says, no, he didn't think there was any ore there. "Make him staywhere he was at." So every time I would go down, Clyde would pester me about shooting that off and23
 DUNCAN HARRISON #1finally one time we caught the western manager down in Peru so I told Clyde, "Shoot if off, Clyde." I says, "He can only do two things when he comes back. He can fire both of us or let you mine in there." I went down there in another week and that was the most beautiful sight I've ever seen. There was fifteen or twenty feet of pure red, yellow ore standing up there. So I told Clyde, "We'll ship this to Naturita right now. This won't go to the mill at Bluff." He started hauling it into Naturita and making arrangements, so you'll get paid for the extra haul and so forth. So when this man comes back from Peru, this western manager, I told him about it. I said, "There will be three truckloads of that ore in the yard in the morning. You be down there and look at. We'11 look at it." Well, he looked at it. He says, "How long will it take us to get down there?" He said, "We'11 get in my car and go right now." So we got in his car and went down and shut the mill down permanently when we went through Bluff. Told them to shut it down went over to the mine and there was this big face ore, even bigger and better than when I seen it. And Clyde Bott standing up there, and he's theman that uncovered it. This western manager told him, he says, "Clyde, I'11 give you so much to mine and24
 DUNCAN HARRISON # 1haul all this ore to Naturita." And Clyde says, "I can't make it for that." And the manager says, "Then I'll have a man down here in the morning to take your place." And he did. We went and got a man up from Naturita, sent him down there to take his place. And that was one of the big fabulous mines of thePlateau. That's the history of it. This western mine manager tried to sell that mine to Fendell Set(?) because he didn't think there was any ore in it.RG: Oh my goodness. Well, thank you very much Mr. Harrison.DH: You bet.[END OF I N T E R V I E W ]25