 JOHN HORSEL Y Salt Lake ·City, Utah Tape No. 63An interview by Mitch Haddard August 5, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground . .Legal Matters Dealing with Abstract of Titles. . Litigation over Claims. Uranium Mining Laws . . Prospectors and Mining Laws. Patenting a Claim ..Uranium Mining Laws. Conservation and Ecology. . outdated Mining Laws . . . .11 5 7. 10. 11 . . • 12 . . • 14 . 16 . 21Uranium. . . ....
 THE FOLLOWING IS AN INTERVIEW WITH JOHN HORSELY, CONDUCTED BY MITCH HADDAD AT THE DESERET BUILDING, SALT LAKE CITY , UTAH ON AUGUST 5 , 1 9 7 0 .MH: Okay, Mr. Horsely, the first thing I'd like to know is could you tell me something about yourself.JH: Well, I'm a middle-aged lawyer in general practice in Salt Lake City. I'm not a native, but I attended school here and I like Utah. That's what you want sort of thing?MH: Where were you originally from?JH: I was born in Utah. My father was an army man so Imoved around. I married a girl from Ogden and went toschool at the University of Utah.MH: Uh huh. That's where you got your law degree--frornthe University of Utah? JH: That's right.MH: Uh huh. Well, what was your first experience, or what was your first contact with legal matters dealing with uranium industry?JH: Well, in the early 1950s, not long after I was admitted to the bar, I was employed by a law firrn which had a---?---. They were California people who owned some mining property, uranium mining property in the Big Indian Mining district near Moab, Utah.JH: And then as a matter of accident I was assigned to work on the perfection of the title to those properties and their eventual sale. This was through
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1the middle 1950s. My memory isn't too clear--maybe 1956 or '57.MH: Was it litigation of the claims or--?JH: No, this was the normal problems of location work,the preparation of a record sufficient to show title in reasonably good shape in anticipation of operation, and as it happened, an eventual sale of the property. It was office work rather than litigation. In later years I participated in a couple of lawsuits. I remember one lawsuit involving Vernon Pick's mine. There was a problem of whether--let me see what that was. That was whether exploration work under a lease was sufficient to hold a lease of that Pick property. I didn't participate in the lawsuit over the Pick mine, now that I remember. Most of mywork, however, has been routine office work--titles and transactions involving property. Do I answer your question all right?MH: Uh huh. Was this the area of property, dispute claiming, different things like that? Was this a big area of legal action during the time of the uranium boom? I mean was there a lot of this type of action going on?JH: Yes, there was. When the rush started there were problems under the mining laws about the fundamental2
 JOHNHORSEL Y # 1validity of the claims and the application of the mining law. For quite a while the fundamental problem was this: public lands in many of the counties in which the uranium occurred had earlier been disposedof under the Mineral Leasing Act. For example, oil and gas leases had been granted by the BLM or in some areas the taxing leases or potassium prospecting permits, or sodium permits. For a long time there was worry among lawyers doing this kind of work that land appropriated for these other purposes was thereafter not available for entry under the general mining laws. So a mining claim located on land already leased for oil and gas was thought to be not good. My recollection is there was some Department of the Interior decisions that held that way. The situation eventually was remedied by what we call the Multiple- Use Act.Those two laws solved that problem, but they created a number of funny intricate, narrower problems that were puzzling laws and it was tricky too in terms of timing of entry and so on. But once you got themPublic Law 585.MH:JH: Right. There was an earlier interim temporary law. MH: Yes, 250.MH: Okay, that's right. I had forgotten the numbers.3
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1through your head, it worked all right.MH: What do you mean timing of entry? Were there certain time limits?JH: Yes. You would often--my goodness it's funny how these things go out of your mind--there were times, there were periods prescribed in Public Law 250 within which after you made your entry and placed your monuments and recorded your notice that you had to file a notice with the S.E.C.--or I think it's with the A.E.C. I think there was a lease application required. My point is there were a number of steps that had to be taken, and in the early days the prospectors would get mixed up on them; so would the lawyer. Of course, it wasn't uncommon to see paper records of such debts having been taken when theyweren't really taken, and Public Law 250 was--well, it was only meant to be an interim thing, and the later permanent act was a good deal more carefully thought out and it worked. It worked, but you had towatch your step in order to comply with it.MH: Uranium seems like the type of metal that would be easy to have quite a few other types of deposits on the same level. This was a lot of the problem, wasn'tit?JH: Yes, that's true, at least in the Big Indian4
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1district. That was an old mining district. Their district chiefs over in the Land and Survey Officeshowing patented claims for copper, as I remember, going back to---?---. So there are the base metals there, and quite near there are substantial old and gas fields. And so there were all those entries. There's quite a lot of potassium and potash leasing activities down in there. So once you got into---?-- - of Big Indian District lands, you had your hands full. There were many sometimes conflicting, overlapping entries, and it---?---MH: This brings me to a question. This is one that very- --?--- abstract of title. Are you dealing more with a sorting-out process similar to literary abstract or a summarization of the exact title of the certain claims. I mean it says that such and such entry hasbeen made or no entries have been made. It's--what--ashort determination of validity for that claim?JH: That's right. An abstract is a collection of papers gotten together by a man called an abstractor who is licensed for that purpose and who goes into the papers that are recorded in the county recorder'soffice. Abstracts--each paper that has been filed that would appear to affect the title to a given piece of land, and so typically you'll get your5
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1deeds, and your leases, and your surrenders of leases, and your entries of that kind that are recorded in the recorder's office. Before you buy a mining claim you want to know that your seller ownsit. So you require your seller to come up with an abstract showing the history of the title and showing a good title vested in him. It's customary to get an abstract of entries from the recorder's office, and also the man would make a search and certify as to-- if it's public land, all dispositions of the ground made by the land office or the Bureau of Land Management. They keep land status records that show what oil and gas leases and things--potash.MH: Are the records that accurate though?JH: Yeah. The land office, the land status records werefairly dependable. Some got kind of worn and torn during the uranium days. They had been updated pretty well since. There are mistakes in them, of course. The problem with the county record was the problem of indexing mining claims. The mining laws would permit a prospector to--he had to describe the ground he was planning to appropriate, of course. That's the point of the thing, but a very wide latitude was permitted these men. So they would describe their number one corner stake with reference to a mountain, or a road,6
 JOHN HORSELY #1or a stream; and very often those descriptions were no good. The recorder would accept them, but there wasn't a real dependable way to index them so an abstractor could miss them. And that bei ng so, t he abstractors were very cautious about t he certification they'd give you after the search they'd made as to it's completeness. So the normal attorney working in mining, particularly uranium miningtransactions would--he'd order and examine an abstract of the county records, a copy of the documents available from the land status records of the BLM and then you'd pretty much have to tell you client, "You go down there and examine the land and see if there are any other evidences of entry by another or conflicting states or mining activity or anything that might lead you to think someone else has also claiming this land."MH: So then in essence there was a lot of litigation over claims and conflicts in self-interest and rights, you might say.JH: Yes, there was.MH: Now this leads me to the question of the mining law.Now basically in the mining law you had kind of a discrepancy, especially in uranium over whether or not the claim should be lode or placer. Now, the7
 JOHNHORSEL Y # 1claiming aspect of it--like 1866 [it was] lode and 1870 [it was] (?) placer, and finally culminated in a Combined Act of 1872, and that's been the basic mining law ever since. Now wasn't this in some way kind of hard to be applicable in uranium miningindustry?Of course, it was. It was a real problem. Many lawyers were quite troubled with the question of whether a uranium claim should be located under the placer mining laws of the lode section, and those laws were written by a Congress that was thinking of the Comstock Lode. You know.Gold.Right. Veins in place within well defined walls going vertically into a mountain. Uranium didn't occur thatway.Also, you get into the question of metalliferous or nonmetalliferous.That's right. That's right.Well, what ever happened to uranium on that one.Well, it came to be commonly accepted among the mining lawyer in this community that a load claim was the appropriate way to locate uranium deposits, and I think that was probably sound. Anyhow, that hardened into the custom and I'm sure nobody would now payJH:MH: JH:MH:JH: MH: JH:8
 JOHNHORSEL Y # 1title based on a placer entry. It ' s not too clear honestly in my own mind, but it's my recollection that a placer claim was meant for the location of the disseminated, basically, horizontal--Yeah. And undulating bed that as it goes along has ---?--- rather than what they considered hard-rock grains.MR:JH: Right. Looser material. And that the lode mining laws in turn applied to every other type of mineral deposit and ---?---- These were not because these things were leads or lodes in the classical way, but because of the catch-all language at the end of the lode section. Am I right about that?MH: Well, basically, too, I think there was quite a bit of dispute over the size because the law stipulates that a lode claim should be 1,500 by 600 along the bank ---?--- a particularly those for hard-rock mining. Whereas the placer claim is a larger type of claim and it depends on--you don't necessarily have to have minerals showing, what they call an outcrop. I mean, you can have precipitation of a mineral, likea core drilling or something such as this, or they had the geiger counter, and these were a lot of mineral claims--placer claims, and they had a larger claim.9
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1JH: That's right.MH: And this is where I was wondering if--couldn't a lotof problems arise over that? I mean what if they said all placer claims are no good. A lot of men would lose their shirts.JH: Yeah, actually, there came to be usages and customs that got themselves accepted just in that way because they had to be. There was one very fine mining lawyer around Salt Lake, probably the best man in the field, who had a very substantial doubt that uranium was locatable under the mining laws.MH: Was this Clare Singer?JH: Yeah, Clare. Though that it might very well have beenwithdrawn by the Atomic Energy Act. And Clare always had---?--- but it worked. Clare made a great deal of contribution; in fact, I think he drafted the interim laws and he drafted Public Law 585.MH: ---?---JH: Oh, I think that absolutely true and part of theproblem was that the prospectors didn't know. The prospectors struggled to fit their conceptions about the way uranium was deposited into the old patterns, and that was a controversy among a lot of prospectors. You can ask a silver-lead miner, is this a lode or not, and he'11 have a very firm notion10
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1about it, and it will be generally accepted and he will know what you mean. These uranium people didn't know. We were trying to force static claim [laws]. I think that's true.MH: That leads me to the question: how much about the law did uranium prospectors or people who brought these claims to you lawyers really know?JH: Oh, they didn't know anything. They were a sort of a new breed of people, they wererr't--well, many of them were not trained in geology or they hadn't a practical mining background. They were men who enjoyed the outdoors ---?--- and quite ---?--- indication of.MH: Uh huh. This too goes along with the idea of the whole concept of the uranium fever, the uranium boom t h a t p r e c i p i t a t e d t h i s a r e a . A nd w e r e n ' t t h e r e actually handbooks on how to claim a claim or--?JH: There were many, many handbooks just like that. Some of them were rotten; some of them were pretty sensible and good.MH: That could present a legal problem--fraudulence. What if they told somebody the wrong thing and they lost their claim over it, didn't they have a legal rightto bring a fraudulent claim against a person who had---?---11
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1JH: Give them bad legal advice?MH: Uh huh.JH: I don't know. I suppose. I haven't ever heard ofanyone who tried it. There was some deal then--I guess they were AEC publications, and the land office people are by and large high-grade, sensible, decent people who try to help. But people try to take shortcuts and it was a feverish time; a lot of foolishness.MH: Then you get to another problem where I'm curious about legally, and this is the question of patented or unpatented mining claims. Now it seems like there was a lot of--originally, like early in the boom, it was fairly easy to patent a mining claim, but toward the end of the boom in '61 until today, isn't it getting fairly hard actually to patent a mining claim?JH: It was always hard. During the fifties it was hard. Of course, many claims were sought to take a patent that had no business being taken to patent, but you could get a patent. I think it's true that more andmore the job of getting patent on a claim is very, very, difficult. I have not--I don't know if a patent application that is even been processed right now.MH: Uh huh. I know of one who's having a hard time---?-- 12
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1- mine. The one dealing with Rio Algom and---?---.JH: Oh, are they in court processing right now?MH: Uh huh. And they can't get it patented.JH: Well, they've certainly got a valid discovery.MH: Uh huh. And this is a question of why under thestipulations of the laws in a case, you pay a fee, a patent fee, you pay five dollars an acre for the patenting of that because you're actually buying the land, the fee title for the land.JH: That's what the law says.MH: Uh huh. The stipulation of the law was originally setup to protect the individual miner, I mean, so he hada producing mine.JH: Sure. The conception of the law was that if a manfound a valuable piece of mineral ground, market it off, did the prescribed work, he could have it surveyed and he could then purchase it, and it would then be his. And that's what the law said.MH: But now there's been several stipulations. For example, the Supreme Court case that just recently came up, Coleman versus the United States put the marketability test on it. I mean you have to have amineral coming out that can be marketed at thatparticular time with some value. JH: A profit.13
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1MH: Yeah. But this isn't really part of that law, is it? JH: Well, it's been accepted as being [a part of it] bythe courts that control it. I think it's only fair to say that there is a growing feeling among many thoughtful people that the mining laws were sought to be abused by selfish people and public lands were being appropriated that should be not really have been appropriated. There have been a lot of efforts to acquire summer homes or to acquire timber ground or things like that by means of the mining laws. And, of course, those are improper. Actually they should fail and should be disposed of adversely to the patent application. Under the mining laws as they now stand they could be. It is isn't ground that's primarily valuable from the mineral those patent applications should fail. But the people who are conservation-minded are frankly hostile to the mining law, and I think they're over zealous, but there is a growing feeling as you know. There's a growing feeling that mineral deposits shouldn't be disposed of except in pursuance of a lease issued by the government and the government should keep title of the ground and keep the operator going.MH: This is a theory by the Public Land Law Review Commission, right; in a report things they're14
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1 recommending?JH: Yeah, I am not as well acquainted with the report as I should be. Many witnesses before the commission urged that sort of approach. I myself don't like it. Although the mining laws were not written with reference to uranium, by commonsense and by custom and by necessity they were made to work and they worked fairly well. There was a great need for uranium and the mining industry met it, and in factcame up with a good deal more uranium than anybody wanted for a while. And I'm a little nervous about departing from the fundamental conceptions of the general mining law until we're pretty sure that what we replace it with is going to work. I'm not convinced about a new system myself yet.MH: So in essence, you're not really sure whether or not the mining laws are antiquated?JH: Well, of course, there were areas in which the mining laws had to be updated, and of course there were abuses available under it. And the pattern of the state laying atop the federal laws their own peculiar additional requirements made from some abuses of thepublic lands that were unfortunate and that were really unnecessary. In some states you had to dig a discovery pit, and people went through the motion of15
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1scraping the public lands and making holes in the ground when there was absolutely no sense to it, but they were scared not to and their lawyers made them do it. That kind of thing was dumb and had to be changed and it was changed. The details of the mining laws have made them antiquated, but were fixed up as they went along, and I think they can continue to be.MH: This idea of change brings about another question. This is a whole subject of conservation ecology in relation to mining law.JH: Right.MH:This is kind of a big subject right now because, one, the ecological push within our country, and two, especially like out here, 76 percent of the land here in Utah is public domain owned by the federal government. So this is another thing too, you have to be extremely aware of governmental restriction. Now how did this affect, you know, law in the application?JH: Well, so much of what the ecologists and environmentalists say is just plain absolutely, unblinkably true, and it's going to get truer. And I don't know what the future holds along those lines. I'm sure it will get politically more and more andmore attractive to the government people to favor the 16
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1point of view of the Sierra Club and the Wilderness Society and those people who are committed to preservation of wilderness. I think the sober-minded people in the mining industry can see that there's alot to that point of view and are going to come around to accommodate to it. They're going to have to be some withdrawals of uniquely valuable wilderness lands. I think there ought to be, and I think most mining people would agree with that. At the same time we need the metals, we need the oil and gas, and we're not going to get them unless they're available on a basis that will reward a man who takes the risk and does the work of finding them. I don't know whether I'm answering your question or not.MH: Uh huh. I'm basically thinking that there's two sides to the question paralleling. Now one is, as you said, becoming politically popular to side with the ecologists. Now since in a way mining laws are indirectly controlled by the politician, there might all of a sudden come a hostile attitude, you know, toward mining law itself.JH: Oh, I think we've seen it for five years, and we'll change more and more. What will the patent application--you see it when you send an oil rig into location, a site located in the forest, in the17
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1national forest. Besides the money and the BLM, you've got to get clearance from the regional forester, and he can impose such restrictions on your operation as he thinks are needed to preserve the forest. And you've got to put up a bond to obey. I notice among the foresters [there's] increasingly tougher and tougher requirements and a certain unwillingness to--well, let me put it this way, they're men who don't wish to stick their necks out, and who don't wish to be criticized for being overly cooperative with people who want to exploit the forest. You'd do that; I would too. They're naturally concerned about five years from now being criticized for running a road through a piece of virgin country that will later erode and cause the destruction or a loss of cover. They're very cautious and they will very often impose restriction that either you can't live with or they're real in terms of what sent them. But I've seen them permit you to take a rig in only after they drilled your dry hole and retreated with your tail between your legs. You fence off all the ground you carried your rig over and seed it and tend it until it's back to where it was, and they won't release the surety on your bond until you've done it.Maybe that's all right. Sometimes they overdo it. 18
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1That's because of the pressure of the people who believe that--the ecologists, the environmentalists.MH: Uh huh. And that leads me to another question and that is a kind of projected type of thing. More and more in our society today there are laws stemming which deal with the environment. For example, the pollution control that exists in New York and Los Angeles are, you know, the strictness which industry and also ---?--- you know, mining being a privateindustry, mineral industry are taking the burden off. I mean like if they, for example, go through with these lawsuits they have against the automobile manufacturers, millions and millions of dollars are going to be lost, and yet it will be a victory for the ecologists. If this type of attitude comes about, it could spell the end for mining in general, couldn't it?JH: Well, maybe that overstates it a little. There has been or are pending now suits to shut down the smelters around Tucson until they can be made to run without making smoke. They're brought by people who don't know what they're talking about. Many of the eastern ecologists don't really seem to wish to know what the problems are. They have a zealous emotional feeling that the earth ought to be left alone and not19
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1hurt, and if that shuts down the smelter and puts the men out of work, well, that's just too bad. The land will be there for the next generation and the one after that, and they've won a victory. That's their point of view, and you can't really talk to that kind of attitude.MH: So what does a lawyer do when he faces that type of situation?JH: Well, of course, an ordinary work-a-day lawyer takes the assignment of his client and works with what he's got work with and you battle out the lawsuit. I'm not sure that's the best way to solve the problem. The environmental controversy, if you want to call it that, is a very emotional, nonrational thing withmany people.MH: But it's also a serious legal problem too, isn't it? JH: I should say, and it's increasing. Well, as you know,many of the young fellows that are coming out of law school now are studying in the areas of the law that weren't even thought of when I went to school, and maybe that's all for the good. I do know that a few young fellows coming out now are a good deal better trained than I ever was. But there simply has got to be some mechanism for deciding with respect to a given area, or with respect to a given mineral20
 JOHN HORSEL Y # 1deposit, whether we'll be better off to permit that to be entered upon and deposit lifted and marketed, or whether it will be better to be left along. There's got to be a better way of goi ng about i t thenthe way we're doing now.MH: So in essence it seems like the problem is comingdown to one which many law students now face; and that is, can the case study aspects of law, the hard, the traditional law which was taught be applied to a changing society? And this is what I had in mind when I asked the question, is it possible that the mining laws are outdated?JH: Well, I'd answer that question by saying, of course they are. They always are. By their nature they are. They were outdated in 1880. But, they can change. They've been changed hundreds and hundreds of times. I'm nervous about tearing up all the books and all the efforts of all the decent honest able men to bring them around to face the problems that are always going to come without knowing what I'm getting into by way of a replacement, and I'm not convincedthat they can't be changed to do whatever job needs to be done because that job is going to keep changing from time to time anyway. I know there's hostility to mining people among others who think they just spoil21
   JOHN HORSEL Y # 1and walk away, but mining people are just like everybody else. Among the mining people there are many thoughtful, decent, concerned men who think they're making a contribution to society by producing the fundamental things that make things live and who aren't anxious to destroy the world or spoil it for their children or their children's children. Don't you think that's true?MH: It's an interesting point. Just as a closing question, is there anything you'd like to add in this area in regards to problem areas dealing with the legal aspects of mining law?JH: Oh, I don't know. I know what you're after, and I certainly sympathize with your project. I think it's a very fine thing. I'm a little nervous that I haven't sounded like I knew very much, I'm afraid I haven't helped you very much. But, no I don't think I have any closing comments.MH: Okay. Thank you.22