 T I N A SKERL ZEMLOCK Carbon County, UtahAn Interview By Madge TomsicCarbon County Oral History Project No. 5August 9, 1993American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 T ABLEBACKGROUNDHER F A THER'S BUSINESSWHAT HER FATHER I S LIKE AND E X P E R I E N C E S I N SCHOOLFOODS HER MOTHER MADE TRANSPORT A TION TO SCHOOL FAMILY LIFE . . .OFCONTENTSI N I N TOFAMILY ACTIVITIES .THE CONTRIBUTION OF HERHIGH SCHOOLDANCESL I V I N GD E S I R EHER COUSINS . . .HOUSES SHE AND HER RELATIVES HAVE LIVE/LIVE IN CHRISTMAS AS A KIDCARBONGO BACK TO OLDCOUNTYWILLBEREMEMBEREDFOR139 16 18 20 21 23 24 26 27 29 31 32 3 3 - 3 4COUNTRYF A THER'SSTORE
 [ T H I S I S AN INTER VIEW WITH T I N A SKERL ZEMLOCK. THE AUGUST 9 , 1 9 9 3 . THE INTER VIEWER I S MADGE T O M S I C . ]MT: Let's start with when you were born Tina. TZ: What did you want?MT: The date, when were you born?TZ: January 31, 1916.MT: And I forgot to ask Annie. Her's is 1912, right? TZ: 1912. There was four years difference.MT: And then when was Johnny born?TZ: Johnny was born in 1923.DA TEI SMT: T ell me something about your dad and your mother.what you remember about them. Your dad coming to this country and when he came and why he came.TZ: The reason he came over here was the fact that they were really poor over there. His mother died and then his youngest sister was born and there were six in the family. So the oldest sister came over and she was in Colorado, her and her husband. So Dad came over after that but I can't tell you the year. I'm not positive on the year that he came.MT: Ok, he came over here from what is now Yugoslavia.TZ: Yeah, Slovania. What is now Slovania. Yeah, that's theNorthern part of Y ugoslavia. That was Y ugoslavia.MT: Around Ljubljana?TZ: Yeah, outside of Ljubljana. Then when he come over here,I think he first come to Montana. And then to Colorado where his sister was and then to Sunnyside, Utah. AndT ellme
 T I N AMT: TZ:MT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKthat's where my mother met him and that's where they got married.Your mother's family?Mom was born in San Francisco. And her folks were also born in Slovania.From the same area?Close to the same area. The small towns around there. As far as I can remember him telling us. This is what he was telling us. So then he worked in the mines up at Sunnyside and then they moved, I believe to Kenilworth. He had a friend there and he was driving a truck delivering beer for this fellow. And then he moved to Spring Glen. And that's where I was born. From there he went to Price and from there he went on this ranch. Itwas a ranch. He got in the cattle business. It was close up by W attis, Utah . From there up to Spring Glen. And that's where he stayed. In Spring Glen after that.Now Annie said something about the cattle ranch didn't work out?Well, it was like the price of beef went down so low that he actually lost everything. He didn't have anything. And that's when he came back down and he started to work in this beer joint in Spring Glen for this same fellow that he worked for up in Kenilworth. And then after that he went on his own and he had a pool hall in Spring Glen of2MT:TZ:
 T I N AMT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKhis own for a while and then he got into this mercantile, this Mutual Mercantile, which was groceries and furniture and hardware, everything.And he went into that with...?Well, he went into that with, they were stockholders in it. This friend of his again was one of them and then there was about four or five others that got Dad in there and Dad started getting into it and they would buy out all of the stockholders and then eventually it ended up with him and then Mr. Rolando come into it. And then it ended up with the two of them, stockholders, and that's how they ended up .What was that store called?It was the Mutual Mercantile.MT:TZ:MT: And do you remember where that was Tina? Was it whereyour store is today?TZ: No, it's where the Sunshine Video shop is. Next to thebank up there.MT: Ok, now tell me something about that building. Did yourdad have that built?TZ: Which, the building we're in now?MT: No, the one Mutual Mercantile was in.TZ: No, up above it? No, he rented that from the bank. Theyleased it from the bank.MT: Oh, the bank owned that building.3
 T I N A TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKAnd when he got the opportunity to buy this building down here, this friend again of his that moved to Los Angeles, made the deal for himi which was a real good deal. He was out from under the bank. You know what I mean. Because he had to pay interest for all the money he borrowed so he got all that paid off and then he bought this building down there and I think it was in 1943 that we moved down there. '43 or '44. Somewhere in there.And that's when you went into just furniture?No. It was just furniture up above. I don't know the year. I was too young to be even interested in it, so I don't know what the year was that he went from groceriesjust to hardware and furniture. I really don't know.So you weren't working in the store then? You were too young.Oh no. I was too young. I started in 1937. Working up there and we was up there about seven years or something like that. Then we moved down.Ok, so your dad didn't build that building.No. No.Do you know who did?I don't. I really never even thought about it.Somewhere in my head, I thought that he had had that built.No. See there was their store there and then there was4MT: TZ:MT:TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT:TZ:
 T I N AMT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKthe Toggery. That was all one building. And the upstairs hotel.That's right.But it all belonged to the bank. And I don't know if the bank had it built. I have no idea.MT: And who is this good friend of your father's who helped him?TZ:MT:TZ:Frank Dolenski. And they were friends for so many years and they just kept getting involved somehow or another together. And that was fine and then he passed away to, or several years ago. They were great friends of Dad and Mothers.But he seemed to always be there when your dad needed him?Yeah. He was really good. He was, when he went down there he went into real estate and that's how Dad got with him. Cause someone come down and said to Dad, he says John if you want that building, you know, I know it's for sale, and if you'll get in touch with Mr. Lowenstein. He bought it and then be thought about Mr. Dolenski and he called him and within a couple of weeks the deal was made. Isn't that interesting. Now Lowenstein, they had a store here, didn't they?Yeah. Well that's where their dry goods store was. The one that we're in now. Yeah, it was called the Lowenstein5MT:TZ:
 T I N AMT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ:MT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKMercantile or something like that.And what happened to that? Do you remember Tina?They moved to California. They left, sold out, got rid of all of his stock and that and then he moved to California and the building was empty for, I don't how many years before Dad bought it.Now they would be Jewish?Y es.There were several Jewish families in Carbon County. Yeah and then, I don't know they were the Stein's too that owned this building in Price. The building is torn down now.Ok. Now was this Lowenstein?Yeah. Now his store was called Lowenstein and he went by Stein. And then there was Barney Bloomberg.And what did Barney Bloomberg do?He worked for Mr. Stein and then he went across the street after Stein went out of business, he went across the street and opened up just a little man's store. I think it was where Margaret Taylor's got her business now. And then after that he moved. I think he went... or Wyoming or somewhere.So had all of this been going on before the '40s?That Lowenstein and Lowenstein building business? Yeah. That was before that. I can't remember. I just can'tMT: TZ:6
 T I N AMT:TZ: MT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKremember when Lowenstein went out of business.What was the other mother with the two daughters. What was their name? Didn't they have a business here in Helper?I don't know.Moss.Oh yeah, Mrs. Moss?Uh-huh. Did they have a business in Helper?Yes. She had a jewelry business and a clothing store.They had the one in Price and one up here in Helper. It was the late '40s. They were still here I think. Oh-huh. And then they moved down to Price.So there were a few Jewish people in the county?Yeah. There wasn't a lot of them, but there were a few ofthem.MT: Well that's interesting, because I've never talked toanyone else who knew about them. But I guess around, before the 1940, the Lowenstein closed down.It must have because they were closed, I can't remember the number of years.So what year did your dad buy the place you're in now? It was either in, anywhere from either '43 or '44 because it took almost nine months to remodel it.TZ:MT: TZ:MT:TZ: Yeah. John was gone into the service at that time. HeIt was during the Second World War, right?7
 T I N AMT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKwasn't around.What about Mr. Rolando. Was he still here?No, Mr. Rolando left in '36. He was in World War I and it created, I think it was tuberculosis and so they put him in the Vets' Hospital down in California and that's where he died. So Dad operated it himself and for Jim's family. By himself all those years.And then Joe came into the business?Yeah. He inherited it from his mother.And so he's pretty well worked there since he...Now let's see.MT:TZ:MT:TZ:MT: As long as I can remember. But then I don't go back thatfar.TZ: No. I know what you mean. He went to high school. I don'tthink he went on to school. Then he went into, what wasit, the Korean War for a couple of years.MT: Oh is Joe that much younger than Johnny?TZ: Yeah. He was about five years younger.MT: Oh yeah. He'd probably be in the Korean War then.TZ: Yeah. The Korean War. So it was after that he came intoit and started to work.MT: And it's been a family business all these years, hasn'tit.TZ: Un-huh. A lot of long years. Long years.MT: Well what do you think your dad's most remembered for as8
 T I N ATZ: MT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKa man in business?Helping people.I absolutely concur.No not a lot of them, but some of them took advantage of him. But most of the people were faithful to him and they were good to him as things go. We've got a customer here, that when they got married and they celebrated their 50th Anniversary... in fact she was just telling me not too long ago again. So Dad said pay whatever you can. She'd bring down $5.00, $6.00 and they have bought here steadily ever since then. And that's a long time.So in the long run, do you feel that paid off for your dad?Oh, I think so. I really do.Because we had strikes, unemployment in the summer.Depression.Depression. What do you remember about the Depression Tina?Well, I remember the Depression where it hit kind of hard was you couldn't buy everything that you needed. And, there again, he had this furniture upholstery manufacturer in Salt Lake. He and Dad got along together beautifully. This fellow was a German and Dad spoke German. They turned out to be pretty good friends. So he says, he called up one day and he says John are you9MT:TZ: MT: TZ: MT:TZ:
 T I N ASKERL ZEMLOCKhaving problems down there? And Dad said well if I could get some decent couches and that. See they would make them with wood, and no springs or anything... he says I'll tell you what. You come up with $10,000.00 and I will give you all the sofas with springs you want. So, we rented the shop, the building on the end of the street up here, and the warehouse in the back and so he got all of these sofas. And he was about the only ones in the county that had them and everybody couldn't figure out how he had sofas. It was really funny and so that was a big boost because it really helped. He had something to sell that nobody else had to sell. And he, like I said, Dad would leave in the morning, oh about 4:00 in the morning, and he'd be gone until 10:00 or 11:00 at night. Going into Salt Lake to deliver ...Did he own a, let's see they had trucks in the '30s. And, so he owned his own truck at that time and he'd have to drive into Salt Lake. How long did it take him to drive into Salt Lake by the way?MT:TZ: I have no idea.MT: I know before they changed that road it took at leastthree hours. Now we're down to two hours, after they changed that road in the '50s. But I know Tina, I'll never forget when Gene and I were first married and we came to you. We bought everything at your store.10
 T I N A SKERL ZEMLOCKEverything in my house came from your store. And it was so incredible to me that you were so trusting of people. You know. I could hardly believe it and then I did believe it and I've always been a good customer since.TZ: You see this is what created good feelings between the customer and the store. And you've all been so faithful. MT: And the thing of it is, you're still in business.TZ: MT: TZ:Workman's is still in business too and the only two stores that go back that far. Can you think of any stores in Carbon County that go back as far as you do? See when did your dad first open his first store here? That would be, well '25. We have that picture.1924.IN 1924.Yeah. Now PTC (Price Trading Company) down there may have. It went back. It went way back. In fact, I think itmay be much older than us.I think it is. That's the only one.MT:TZ: But that's the only one I can think of that goes backthat far.MT: PTC. And it's gone down, it started as a--TZ: Like I say they had everything also.MT: I remember. And they had those two connecting stores. Andnow they're pretty much down to furniture. But I would say, those are the three stores in the county that go11
 T I N ATZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ:MT: TZ:MT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKback to the '20s.Yeah. As much as I can remember.So there has to be some good feelings there. You know. Yes. It's been hard, but it's been good. Like I say it's been great.So how many years have you worked at the store?Since '37. That would be about 50 some years. I don't know. I worked in Cornets before that.You didn't.I started when Cornets come in and I got the job and Pauline Bendetti and I worked and stocked the store and did all of that.Now what year was this?Let's see, I think I started there the last part of '34, after I graduated from high school. So I was there a couple of years or so. Then, Annie got married and that was it, I had to go help Dad.MT: So Annie was working in the store. And she got married and ...TZ: I started then.MT: TZ: MT:TZ:And when did you get married Tina?In '49.In '49. So you've been working at the store all this time.Yes.12
 T I N A MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT:TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKWhat are the things you remember most about it?Gosh. I don't know really. Nothing really in particular. A lot of little cute things. I don't how to put my finger on it. I just don't.What have you enjoyed most about it?Do you want the truth?Uh-huh.Getting home at 6:00.You're like the kids in school. The thing they like most is recess.No, I've enjoyed it. I've enjoyed the people. And this is what I think. As far as the work and everything, it just isn't that important. But the people were. I made a lot of friends.The family has made a lot of friends.So that's what I enjoy the most.MT:TZ:MT: We're not just customers. We all love you to death.TZ: Well this is what I said. After people had dealt with usa while, they weren't customers anymore, they werefriends.MT: Exactly. Did that make it hard Tina?TZ: No.MT: You never found it was hard.TZ: Uh-uh. In fact I think it made it much easier. Yeah. Itmade it a lot easier.13
 T I N A MT:TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ:MT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKDo you feel that your dad lost really a lot of money by people not paying him?Yes. He lost quite a bit.During strikes and during the Depression?And a lot of people had to leave. And after they moved they just forgot to pay. But I never heard him gripe about it; it was just a way of life as far as he was concerned.He was such a nice person.I'd get my dander up but he never did. He just, that was it.As long as you were making it.Yeah. He did. He'd leave early in morning and that was when I was in grade school and go up to the camps and collect on pay days. And sometimes he'd come home with maybe $15.00, $20.00. Some of them actually paid him $.50 because they didn't have it. And he'd do that with the mines up the canyon. Actually, we didn't hardly ever see him cause he'd get home late. We was in bed. But he really struggled and worked hard to get that place where it's at.So he'd go right to camps. The company was able to take it out of the miner's pay .Yes. He'd go to the homes of the miners.If they got scrip from the company they could take it out14MT:TZ: MT:
 T I N ATZ: MT:TZ: MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT:SKERL ZEMLOCKof their pay before they paid them. But your dad would have to go to their home.Yeah. It was a lot of hard work.I can imagine. And how long did he stay really involved in the store?Oh he was probably, let's see close to about...88 he retired. How old was he when he died?98.He never did look that old. Did you think so?Dad never did. He always looked so much younger.He certainly did. Do you remember your dad and mother ever going out and having a good time?TZ: Well, they went on trips. But not one every year. But other than that, the way he was working so many hours, they would go to all these Slovanian dances and doings and stuff like that at the auditorium. Then Dad joined the Kiwanis Club and they really liked it. So they always went to those things. But that was about it. He had no desire to go back, back to Yugoslavia.MT: Did you find that with most people here? They didn't really wish to go back to the old country?TZ: Uh-uh. The men. But most of the women would like to have gone back to visit. But most of the men had that feeling like they just didn't. I mean they came here and become a citizen of the United States. Boy that was it.15
 T I N A MT: TZ: MT:TZ: MT: TZ: MT:TZ:MT:SKERL ZEMLOCKWas your dad active in politics at all?No. No.But he, I always felt that he was very supportive of the miners when they were on strike.Oh yes.He was always supportive.Like that. But he just never got involved.But he wasn't active in it? I didn't know whether or not he was.But he was really sympathetic with the miners that, if they needed... And did everything he could to help them. I know when they were on strike or weren't working, you could always count on Mutual.TZ: He was good for that.MT: I guess when he had the grocery store, that would havebeen a time when--TZ: Probably, but that I don't know too much about that. MT: You were too young.TZ: Yes, I was too young.MT: Well Tina, take me back yourself to your own childhood.Where did you go to school?TZ: Went to school in Spring Glen and 9th grade...MT: Oh so they had nine grades in Spring Glen. Was it a verybig school when you were there?TZ: No. Our class wasn't too big. Course, they brought ten of16
 T I N AMT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT:TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKus down.Oh they did?Yeah ten of us came down and went to school there. Just to jr. high. They had the grade school in Kenilworth and then they bussed the kids down for the last three years in Spring Glen.You all got to go through-high school?Uh-huh.And then when you were out of high school you went right to work. And then you went to work for your dad. What was your favorite part about school? Did you enjoy school? No. I couldn't participate in anything. The folks didn't have the money. I was lucky to get to high school. Because that was when we were going through a real rough time. So I didn't belong to any of the clubs or anything. But that didn't bother me in any way. I went to school because I had to go to school, I guess. And that was it. I didn't participate in anything.You just went to classes.That's all.MT:TZ:MT: And you didn't participate because you felt you didn'thave the money?TZ: Well, I didn't have, the kids that belonged to that hadso many more things than I had and I just didn't feel that I fit in.17
 T I N A SKERL ZEMLOCKMT: So this would be in what years would you be in highschool? When did you graduate?TZ: Let's see, it would be '34.MT: Right in the Depression, right?TZ: Y eah.MT: So were there kids who had more than you did?TZ: Oh yeah. There was a lot of them that had more than weMT:TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ:had.So your family was really having a hard time during the Depression?Y eah.I thought everyone was kind of in the same boat here.A lot of them, I think the percentage was more. You know, that were having a rough time than not so. That for some reason or another just doesn't bother me. That was a way of life and that's what you did. That's all.You never really think of yourself as being poor.No.Isn't that interesting. That's just the way it was. Yeah. That's how it was. I knew Dad was working real hard and Mother was working. She had her garden and raised chickens and raised pigs for food and we never was hungry. That was something that we never was hungry. We had plenty of that.MT: So your dad brought a lot of his old country food and 18
 T I N ATZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT:TZ: MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT:TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKthings like that. Well and your mother too.Yeah. Because her mother and dad came from the old country. And that's how she learned, a lot of it from her mother.And so you had a garden, pigs...Chickens.Did you have a smoke house?Yes, we made sausage ... meat sausage. Kielbasa. So there was always plenty of food.So food was never a problem.Never.Tell me something about your mom. Did she can fruit and things like this?Oh yes.Was that something they did in the old country Tina?I don't know.I don't either.I, you know I really don't know.But she did do it here?Yeah. But see they... here. Mother wasn't back there at all.But that's what all the women did. They all learned to can and I just wondered if they had done that in the old country. I never talked to anyone who knew.I never thought about that and I have no idea.19
 T I N A MT:TZ: MT:SKERL ZEMLOCKCause I know my mother-in-law still had lots of jars. And I do too. I have a lot. I still have a basement full of jars that I use to can and, I don't know, I wonder if people are canning today.Some of them are but not like they used to.I wouldn't think so. It's too easy to go to store and buy them.TZ: And see, that was the problem then living down there. There was, we had one grocery store and then it went out, so you didn't get to Helper enough to go to the grocery store. When you went up, maybe once a week if you were lucky to get up there, so they all had everything like that at horne.MT: So what was the grocery store they had?TZ: It was called Dupin.MT: Oh was that Dupins? Ok. We've got some pictures of themupstairs. That's interesting. Tina, how did you get toschool?TZ: Bus. They were bussing us. Oh, grade school?MT: Grade school, did you have to walk?TZ: Oh yes. Yeah.MT: And was that school where it is now?TZ: Uh-huh.MT: That was the school that you went to? Goodness, what yeardid they build that in?20
 T I N A TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKOh, you know I can see where it was at. It was a small one to begin with, then they enlarged it. But I don't know. I just, I don't know.So what year would you have started first grade?About 1922, I guess .1922.I think. About 1922.Yeah. I think that school is quite old.The year of 1914 seems to stick in my mind, but I'm not positive. I don't know for sure .Yeah. That's sounds about--When it was built.MT:TZ:MT: And then they picked you up in busses to take you toTZ:MT:TZ:Price?The Kenilworth bus would come down and I'd have to walk up to the corner. It'd be about, I'd say, 2 1/2, 3 blocks.I'm running out of questions here. Do you have any things that you'd like to share about your own family life that have been really important to you in your relationship with your family? Do you feel that you have something special.Always just a close-knit family. I can't think ... Mom and Dad was always there for us when we needed them. But I think it was just a nice family life.21
 TINA SKERL ZEMLOCKMT:TZ: MT:TZ:MT:TZ: MT:TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ:Isn't that nice though to always have your family together?It is.I know that you celebrate all the holidays together and it's still that way?Pretty much. Now that Johnny's kids and Anne's kids are grown up and have kids. It's a little harder to get everybody together but they strive. Johnny's kids really do try to get together so we still have family get togethers.That's wonderful, isn't it? That makes it worth a lot. You didn't ever live in the camps?No. Never did.But, I guess there was a feeling about Spring Glen. Was there a lot of, there must have been a lot Slovanian people live in Spring Glen.Well, Mom's mother and dad lived in Spring Glen.Oh they moved down?Yeah. And that might have been a connection. I don't know. I really don't know how come they settled in Spring Glen.Was there quite a few Slovanian people?Oh yes. There was quite a few.Is that why they built the Slovanian home down there? Well, the Slovanian Home originated from what they call22
 T I N ASKERL ZEMLOCKthe S & PG Lodge. There was several of them in the county and as the county got smaller people were moving and that, so they ended up, let's see, there's one in Price and then this one in Helper here. And that was how they built the Slovanian home, or bought that lot and built the Slovanian home. I don't know too much how that started either. I wasn't involved in that too much. I was a member but never got involved.Did you do things that were fun when you were young? Didyou go out to the dances and the polkas and do the polkas or, what do you remember?Not too much. Whenever we had those dances and that we went cause the folks went. You know. I didn't get out that much. I was kind of a loner. They had the dances once in a great while, we'd get to that but without transportation, it was pretty hard to, cause I didn't drive until 18. You had to be 18 before you could drive.And in those days the kids didn't have cars to drive, did they?No.So how would they have those school dances? Would they have them in the evenings, at night, how would the kids get to them?MT:TZ:MT:TZ: MT:TZ:MT: Did they take busses or?23Y eah.
 T I N A TZ:MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT:TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKNo. Not that I know of. There was some that did have cars.So many of them from the camps?Yeah. They'd get down. They may have had busses . You knowI hadn't thought about that for so long I--I kind of caught you with that question.Yeah. You took me by surprise.Yeah. I know what you're saying. So, do you have something that you'd like to say, just about living in Carbon County and being in business in Carbon County andhow that, what does that mean to you? What has it meant to your life?Well, living in a small town, course Helper wasn't that big at the time. There's so many, I think so many of these young people are missing out something in their life by not living in a small town and having the freedom that you had where you get out and do things. Wander down to the neighbors. You could wander down and nobody worried about you. They don't have that now and it's sad. I always envied the kids in the camps because they would get together and have a ball. And we were spaced, you didn't have neighbors, close neighbors, at that time. But up in the camps they had close neighbors.You felt that they were having more fun than you were down in Spring Glen?24MT:
 T I N A TZ: MT:TZ:MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKYes. Most definitely.Was there anything in Spring Glen that brought, is it pretty much you got together with your family or did you get together with other people down there?No. Because there wasn't anything in Spring Glen to do. You know, there wasn't any entertainment or anything like that.Did you come to Helper for some of your entertainment? Yeah. I had a mother that was strict and the only way you could get to Helper was walk and she wasn't... you walk to Helper. And Dad, on Sundays, he always took us to themovie which was quite a big treat. And then to the American Candy store.So where did you go to the movie? Here in Helper?Y eah.They had the movies then? Uh-huh.So that was a real treat. Yeah it was.And who ran that American Candy?A, gosh, what was his name? Edith Piccioni worked for himfor years. All I knew him by was Gus. I don't have any idea what his name was.That wasn't Neica Erramouspe's father was it? Did he?No.25
 T I N A MT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT:TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKOh he didn't own that?No. Oh gosh, I can't think of the guys name.And that's where Edith Piccioni worked?Uh-huh. She worked there for a long time. And, like Sundays and Holidays and ...And your dad would take you to the movie every Sunday? Yeah. And then we'd go over there.That's kinda neat.Yeah. It was. Like I say, we were completely satisfied. So what did you do at home during the weeks? Say in the summertime, when you were home as a kid? School was out. Well, like I say, the neighbors, not the neighbors, your friends. We only had the one neighbor that was close and she had two adopted children. But she wouldn't let them get out too much. But, the relatives, like the Skerls from up here would come down and the people would come down to the ... I can't remember, after dad left, I can't remember who run that thing. But we'd get out and we'd play all these games like hop-scotch, hide-and-go-seek, and all those kind of things. And then as I got older then I went ice skating a lot in the wintertime and played tennis and did things like that. Then I learned to drive and we'd come up, my friends and I.So have you traveled very much Tina in your lifetime? No. I really haven't missed it. I just didn't.MT: TZ:26
 T I N A MT: TZ: MT:TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ:MT:TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKIt hasn't been something that you've wanted to do?Uh-uh.Some of the grandchildren have been back to Yugoslavia, haven't they?Yeah. John's, Anne's daughter, younger daughter-in-law. Have you ever had a desire to go?Not exactly. I don't know why. I would think I would like to go now if I were younger but not at the age I am. Now this isn't really the best time to go.No. Well see they're all right in Slovania. They are still OK there. But you don't know when something might trigger that too. We've got some cousins left over there. Is that right?Uh-huh.Do you still correspond with them?At Christmas time we get cards from them with a note and we send to them.Have they ever been over here?No. The one that lives in West Germany now, she has, her sister lives in Midvale. That's one of our cousins. They've been there but the rest of them, none of them have been able to get over here.Now what other Skerls, there are other Skerls here in Carbon County. The one who lived on Bryner Street?Yeah. He was my dad's cousin.27
 TINA SKERL ZEMLOCKMT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT: TZ: MT:TZ: MT: TZ:Your dad didn't have brothers and sisters here?Yes. He had a brother Frank.Oh. In Carbon County?Oh-huh. And he lived up there in one of Bryners' little rental things that they had. And then Tony Skerl lived, oh, a ways from Bryner street and they were first cousins.So did he come over from Yugoslavia?Yes. Both of them did.They were cousins over there and they both came over here? But your father's dad didn't ever come over or any of his other brothers and sisters?No. Dad's oldest sister was over here. Then went back. Oh. She did?Yeah. She had two girls, born here, and then they went back to Y ugoslavia.And didn't ever return to work here?MT:TZ: Uh-uh. The girls all came over, you know, the ones thatwere born here. There was two of them that were born here, but, they're both here. See, Dad's mother died, and the youngest girl... there just wasn't the money. You couldn't send money over there cause you didn't have it.MT: Exactly.TZ: And they didn't have any way of getting money. So youjust didn't do that.28
 T I N A MT:TZ:MT: TZ: MT:TZ:MT:TZ: MT:TZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKSo how would your dad get enough money together to come over here on a boat?He went to Hungary and he worked there in a logging camp. Assistant to a cook or something. I don't know and he saved enough money to come over.Really. So that's how he got his money together?Y eah.Then came over on the boat? Did he have any stories to tell you about getting through Ellis Island?You know this is what I feel really bad about. We never did really sit down and talk to him about that and I regret that so much.That's why I'm sitting down and talking to you today. Do you have anything you'd like to tell your family?No. Not really.Do we have all the, I know, there's another question I wanted to ask you and that's about your dad's house. Did he build that house? Is that where your family has always lived where his house is today?No. We lived up in the home up there where the Slovanian Home is now. Well that building wasn't there at the time. That was ... was a pool hall again ... You know it's like this end here and this is where the Slovanian Home is, and the house was way back down here. I think it burned down. I'm not positive. But that's where I was born. And29
 T I N AMT: TZ: MT:TZ:MT: TZ:MT:TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ: MT:SKERL ZEMLOCKthat's really, we moved to Price and then... I don't remember anything, I was two.You didn't remember that house we found the picture of? No.Isn't that interesting. That looked like a nice house down there.And then they moved back, I think, into the same house. And then Dad moved down where he bought that property down there. Where his house is now.Now did he build that house himself?It was just two little rooms and then he built, had the rest of it built.And did John and Gloria build that house they live in? Did they build that from scratch?No. They converted the beer joint and then did the adding on. They added on to it.Oh that was a beer joint there?Y eah.Now was that the one that your dad owned?Oh-huh .And so he bought that whole piece of property there? Ok, we've got the tape going now. Tina is there anything that your would like to, any stories that you would can think of that you would really like to share with the many people in your family? Christmases when you were a kid,30
 T I N ATZ:SKERL ZEMLOCKwhat were they l ike? Were they fun?Yes. Mother always seen that we had a nice Christmas tree and we wouldn't have a lot of gifts, but she always made sure that we had something.And did she do special cooking for Christmas?Yes .Would she make?Potica and we always had ham.MT:TZ:MT:TZ:MT: Ok. And what else did she have for Christmas?TZ: Cookies, Christmas cookies that she used to make. Mom wasa good cook.MT: I'll bet she was.TZ: She did the Slovanian cooking and American cooking. Shewas always cooking something up or getting somethingready. She did a lot of baking.MT: Did she make apple strudel?TZ: Oh yes.MT: Did she throw her dough so it was really paper thin?TZ: She'd sit it on the table and just pull it. Pull it andstretch it . Then, she made beautiful apple strudel.MT: It makes me hungry, doesn't it? What other things wouldyou have for Christmas?TZ: That was about it I guess. You know, the... and thingslike that. But especially, like I say, her baking. MT: Then I guess you'd have the whole family over?31
 T I N A TZ: MT:TZ:MT: TZ: MT: TZ:MT:TZ:MT:TZ:MT:SKERL ZEMLOCKYes. Always got together for Christmas.So when you were young, what family would be around? Her parents? Anyone else?Her parents and the brothers and then the one sister... Matekovik ... seventeen children.Right. That was your mother's sister?Uh-huh.Now see. I didn't know that.Mother and Mrs. Matekovik were very close. The brothers all of them, they were all really close. Now that family is all gone and the brothers are gone. All the brothers are gone. So, they're all gone.Now what atrout the seventeen children? Are any of those children still around?Yeah. There's, let's see. Two of them live in Spring Glen. The youngest girl and one boy. Most of them are all scattered.Do you continue to get together with that part of the family?No. We never really did, because like I say, I don't know what it was. They'd come down to our place and visit a lot at times of different things. But, to get together at that time, we didn't get together like on picnics or things like that. People just didn't do that.Did you have a lot of family picnics when you were a kid?32
 T I N A TZ: MT: TZ:MT:TZ: MT:SKERL ZEMLOCKNo.That wasn't something that you did a lot of?No. When we got a little older, we used to go on picnics a lot. He worked almost seven days a week all the time and even when he worked on Sunday to do the things that he didn't have time to do in the week. So...Looks like the batteries are running down on my tape recorder here. I just keep thinking of questions to ask you Tina. Can you think of any other things that you'd like to tell us about?No. I don't think so.Well I would like to just make this comment about your store and the contribution that has made to this town of Helper. You know. It really has. And it's helped a lot of people. Your family has helped a lot of people furnish their homes. You just make it a much nicer place. All that kindness from your father, you know. When people are kind to you, you tend to be kind to other people. And that does,That makes it nice.Yeah. It really does. And when I think of your father and when I think of your family that's what I think about is that kindness that you spread around this community. And it was wonderful.Yeah. My dad was like that.TZ: MT:TZ:33
 T I N A MT:TZ:MT:TZ:MT: TZ: MT:TZ: MT:SKERL ZEMLOCKYes he was and everyone loved your family. And everyone does love your family. Do you have anything else you'd like to add.No. My life is pretty much just common every day. You know. Living.You know there's a lot of people who'd like to have that kind of life, Tina. Just you know, just a nice life. You know. With your family.And a lot of the little things that have happened, were just, it was all in a days doing and half of them I've forgotten or haven't even thought about them for ages. There wasn't anything really exciting.Well, nothing spectacular, I guess.No. That's right.Sitting back here it looks to me like a pretty nice life. I think about.I have no complaints about my life.That's wonderful. And I've heard a lot of people say that around here. They enjoyed living in this community. Tina, thank you so much.[END OF INTERVIEW]34