    W. H . BOWMAN Moab, Utah Tape No. 44An interview by Steve Guttman August 12, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 
 Table of ContentsBackground. .Police Force. . 2Drug Abuse. .Alcoholism . . . . . 5 People of Moab...¥. 6 Police Force . .Sheriff .... 737
 
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH W. H. BOWMAN, CONDUCTED BY STEVEN GUTTMAN AT MOAB, UTAH ON AUGUST 1 2 , 1 9 7 0 .SG: As an introduction to the tape can you give a little background on yourself, when you first came to Moab, the other work you've done besides police work.WB: I first came to Moab here in 1932. Been a lot of changes here since then. Of course, come here, all there was here is the marshall, the city marshall, the sheriff, Sheriff Skewes. He was the sheriff of Moab at that time. The town here was about nine- hundred population. Since then built up their department. I have one full-time deputy and a part- time deputy over in Green River. And there's three highway patrolmen that are stationed here. And I believe the city police have five on their payroll, which makes a total of about ten or eleven that are full-time officers here.SG: When you came to Moab, did you come to work for the police force or--?WB: Oh, when I first come to Moab, I come out here, I used to work for all these cattle outfits around here. I rode for cattle and worked on ranches, and this, that, and the other. And in 1948 I did run for sheriff here. I and Johnny Skewes, and we tied for. If I remember right at that time there was 832 votespassed, and we tied. We put our names in some envelopes in the box and then the first taxpayer that
 
 W. H .BOWMAN #1come into the court house was to draw one of these envelopes out of this box. And it was Jack Corbin and he drew one of these envelopes out that had Johnny Skewes' name in it, and that's how close I come to being sheriff in 1948.SG: When did you actually start working as a police officer?WB: Well, I left here for a few years. I went up into Montana and I went to work for the sheriff's department up there. I was the under sheriff for about five years. I moved back to Moab in 1960. We moved to Montana in '52 then we moved back to Moab in'61. Then four years ago I run for sheriff here and I won the nomination for the sheriff. So this is my first term here as sheriff.SG: So you were gone during the period of the uranium boom. Although there's still a lot of building around since I come back. They've put in this potash down here; they're working on that, when I first come back. They've built a mill down there and built the roads down there, and the railroad. There's also been several new businesses go in here in Moab; lot's ofnew homes. And it seems as though there's a town thatjust continually growing.SG: Is there a lot more work now involved in being2
 
 W. H. BOWMAN 111sheriff than there would have been, say, if you had won the election in '48?WB: Oh yes. Yeah, there's much more work now. We have a lot more traffic to work now than we used to. We used to didn't have--traffic wasn't much of a problem, and there's more people drifting through. We have problems around that didn't occur back in those days.SG: What are some of these problems?WB: Well, for one, is this dope. Narcotics we have quitea problem with, and 1ike I say, we have a lot more traffic here, have more car accidents nowadays and just more traffic to work.SG: What's the primary reasons for heavy uses of narcotics in this area?WB:I couldn't say. I believe this is problem that you have all the whole United States. And we have our problems here, but I don't think it's any worse than it is other places. But we do have it and do spend a lot of time working on it.SG: Where does most of this stuff come from in this area. WB: I think it comes from different places. I think we have some shipped in here out of Salt Lake, Grand Junction, Colorado, all around. And I don't know I suspect it is come in here in the mails. They've never have found them through the mails. This we have3
 
 W. H. BOWMAN /11reasons to believe that there was---?--- in the mail.But there's been quite a few different sources then for it. There hasn't been any--?Right. We have different sources, yes. Different ones bring it in. It has created quite a problem. People are quite concerned to hold it down.Do you think as long it's a national problem you could ever really solve the problem here?SG:WB:SG:WB:SG:WB:I don't think so. I think about all we can do is keep it down, and I don't think we're going to stamp it out ---?--- is to hold it down to a minimum. Try to do the best we can.Is it just marijuana or is other stuff being used also?Oh, we have a 1 i ttle hard stuff. We have acid,marijuana and the other stuff and I understand I've never run into yet. I have information that is---?-- - here on a needle.SG: So a little bit of everything then?WB: I think we've got a 1ittle bit of everything. But Idon't believe it's any worse here then it is in lots of other places. People are quite concerned. We're all quite concerned about it, but--SG: Have there been many arrests here? 4
 
 W. WB:H .BOWMAN 111Yes, we've had our--I think our amount of arrests has been pretty much up to part according to other places. Like we've had eleven arrests here this year so far. I think we've had a pretty good percentage, population and so on.Uh huh. What is the average sentence for, say, possession?0h, it varies. And a 1ot of it depends I guess according to the court here. It's--under the circumstances, different sentences. We've had usually about three months in jail for possession. I think that's pretty much average.To kind of change a little bit. Is there much of a problem with alcoholism in this area?Oh, we have a few problems, yeah.Has this remained constant over the years?Yeah, yeah. We have some of those things that you've got to expect--alcoholism.SG:WB:SG:WB: SG: WB:SG: Do you think it's a little higher here because of the type of population you have or the isolation?WB: I don't believe it is.SG: Do you think it's about the same as it was back in'48 when you were here?WB: I think so, according to the population. SG: Uh huh.5
 
 W. H. BOWMAN 111WB: SG:WB:SG:WB:I think it's about the same as it was then.Do you notice any difference in the people between what it was back before the uranium boom and the type of people that are here now?Oh yes. We used to, back in '48, go downtown and you'd know everybody you'd meet on the street. Now you go downtown and you see lots of people that you don't know, a few old-timers, see.Wh a t r e a s o n s d o y o u h a v e f o r b e i n g i n 1 a w enforcement? What directed towards this type of work? Well, I just got started at it up in Montana by accident up there. I got acquainted with the sheriff up here and while I was up there he wanted me to come to work for him and I just got started on it and sort of like it. I guess I had better do something for a living. I didn't like to work with pape.r. I rather enjoy it.Is the operation in Moab similar to what it was up in Montana?Pretty much. Yeah, we have, while I was up there they'd put in their radio communications system which is quite an advancement. And, of course, when I comeback here, they already had this one in. They'd installed it while I was gone. I want law enforcement. I took some schooling while I was up inSG:WB:6
 
 W. H. BOWMAN #1Montana and went and took F.B.I. training.SG: Which city was this in Montana?WB: This is in Virginia City, Montana, which is MadisonCounty which is located about 85 miles west of WestY ellowstone.SG: What iss your relationship between the police forceand the sheriff's force in this county? WB: Well--SG: What restrictions and jurisdictions over what--?WB:W ell, the pol ice force, they work here in the town. They grew(?) most of their problems. They patrol the town and--sheriff is an elected official. Technically, he's over the whole law enforcement agency in the county, but that's the way we work, we all work for the same thing. WE work for the federal enforcement laws here in the city and the countyand--Is the police, the city police office appointive or elected?It's appointed. It's the chief of police, he'sSG:WB:appointed.SG: Is the office of sheriff on--you say it's elected. Isit on partisan or is it a nonpartisan race.WB: No, it's partisan.---?------?---SG: I meant do you have to--do you have to deal7
 
 W. H. BOWMAN 111personally with a political party when you run for sheriff or is it--?You have to belong to a party, either Republican or Democrat.Do you feel it should be given a nonpartisan office? No, I don't. I'd like to see it left as it is.Do you think it causes any problems, the fact that itWB:SG: WB: SG:WB:SG:is a partisan office instead of being elective, and being, you know, being nonpartisan instead?No, I don't think so. I think it's elector's choice as to who he wants for law enforcement.Do you think also making it a party race besides thatthis is a good thing?WB: Well, I think mostly it's a good thing.SG: So you think people in Grand County vote more for theparty or the man?WB: I think they--I think most of them, I don't know. Idon't know. I think they vote mostly for the man ---?--- whoever they think is the most efficient for the job.SG: When did you enter these facilities here? Have you always been as part of the county building here or is--were you separate before?WB: No, it's always been. Do you mean the sheriff's department and the police department?8
 
 W. H. BOWMAN 111SG: Well, no--the actually in the physical facilitieshere. I know the city part is new.WB: Yeah, yeah, this is real new. This is added on hereseveral years ago, five or six years ago. This is a new jail built on the sheriff's office here. The highway patrol office on the city is a new addition, built up I think with time. See, you had more population and more on the payroll and the place was full.SG: Where were you facilities before you moved in here? WB: Wel1, the sheriff's department used to be upstairs. Now it's what they use for the women and the juveniledetention now. It's the old part of the jail.SG: But you've just outgrown that one.WB: We've outgrown that facility, yes.SG: Where is the police facility, city police facilities? WB: The facilities the police used to have is a littlebuilding across the street over here before that was built on. In fact year ago they didn't have any. The city marshall just worked with the sheriff here in town or the county and they just worked together---?---.SG: Do you know what year it was when they separated thetwo? When they didn't work--?WB: No, no. I don't remember it. I was gone. I worked in9
 
 W. H. BOWMANfl1Montana there for a few years.SG: That happened probably during the uranium boom itself then? In terms of getting the finances for the agency, does this all come out of the county budget?WB: Yes. It comes out of the county budget from the city. they rent from the county.SG: You say they rent some of the facilities. Do you mean in terms of equipment, like their police cars, stuff like this, is this also rented from the county?WB: No, the city buys their own; the county buys their own, and the county furnishes the cars here for us. But what we used to do, the sheriff furnished his own car and he got paid mileage.SG: And now it gets, the county does pay for all this now.WB: It pays for the cars and that's---?--- SG: That's it.10