 LESTER ERBES Moab, Utah Tape No. 40An interview by Steve Guttman August 12, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 
 Background ¥ . . . . . . Recreational Activities ¥ Job with Television Station Moab as a Tourist Center. Poverty County¥¥.Possible ProjectsTelevision Station . ¥ . PoliticsProblems of Moab. Future of Moab¥¥ Canyonlands ¥ . ¥. . . .. . . . .. . . .8. 10 14 16 17 . . 23 . . 28 33 34 39Table of Contents.... . . .
 
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH LESTER ERBES FOR THE COLORADO PLATEAU URANIUM PROJECT, AUGUST 12, 1970. THE INTERVIEWER IS STEVE GUTTMAN.SG: Well, as an introduction to the tape, can you give a little background on yourself: when you came to Moab, what kind of jobs you held before you came here, this kind of thing?LE: Yes. Well, I was with the Shaw-Walker Company for fourteen years, and then Uncle Sam sent me greetings back in 1942, so I was in the South Pacific for three years. After that I came back, didn't like New York any more, so I built and operated a bowling alley for seven years. Then I was in real estate for a couple of years in Michigan. Then I came out here to Moab. Fred Stoye and I were partners. We used to know each other in New York. We sold Mountain View subdivision, fifty homes. When we soldourselves out of a job, I went on at the radio station. Then later on, after about six years, I went into this TV news thing when they got our cable television set up here and a weather machi!'le. Twice a day I'd borrow this weather machine and use it for the news. It's my own little business; I do my own building and all that sort of thing. I mean, I just pay the TV company for the use of the channel, and that's the way it works. I had a good news following from radio, so it carried over into TV.I'm in the eighth year now. So that's about it. SG: What brought you to Moab in the first place?
 LESTER ERBES f/1LE: Fred Stoye. I had sold my bowling alley and was sort ofcoasting along. As I say, I had dabbled in real estate a little bit, and had just recently sold a TV and radio setup he had in Las Vegas. He came up here to Moab and built the old post office building, what we call old-- it's fairly new building, but the post office building. We used to communicate each year with Christmas cards at least, you know. So he just said, "Come on out and visit us, and maybe we can get something going." And we did.SG: What kind of things was he telling you about Moab?LE: Oh, he told me it was a beautiful little town in the West, with the mountains only sixteen miles away. Actually I guess they're not quite that far as the crow flies. But, of course, if you drive it, it's a little bitfarther. At any rate, he just wanted me to come out and see it. He said it was beautiful country, and it certainly is. No qu~stion about it. I had a friend come out, an army buddy of mine. I had sent him a lot of pictures of the area. He came in on Frontier Airlines when the airport was still out here in the valley. Theycircled around, and he got off the plane. He walked over to me and said, "You know, I looked at all those pictures and they looked fun, but you really have to see this to believe it. "And he's right. It's beautiful country out here. I came out here to stay one year, in '56. I never2
 LESTER ERBES #1found any good reason to go back to Mjchigan. It's great. Love it. Just love it.SG: Outside of what your friends told you about it, had you heard of Moab before? Uranium?LE: No, I hadn't. By this time, Charlie Steen had been written up in Life Magazine, but I missed it or somehow it didn't mean anything to me when I read about it. I had never heard of Moab before I got this Christmas card from Fred Stoye. Moab, Utah. I looked it up and said, "That's a long way from Las Vegas. I wonder what he's doing there?" So I found out.SG: What was your first impression of the town when you came here?LE: Loved it. Of course, Fred knew everybody in town. See, he had been here for a year or two already, and so I was riding the royal red carpet, you know, when I came in. So I immediately formed a fine impression of Moab and got to know a great many people in a very short time because of Fred Stoye.SG: As someone who has lived in quite a few cities, say like New York and in Michigan, how would you contrast the character of Moab to these other areas?LE: Oh, it's a wonderful place to live. On my newscast, I always say, "For the best people in the West." And I believe this. Right here in Moab. Wonderful people. See,3
 LESTER ERBES 111Moab in 1950 was a town of 1,250 people. When this uranium thing came along, lots of people came in; a great many people came in. The town is short of 6,000 right now by a little bit. But the thing is, we got away from this small-town clannishness that you often find, you know. It's a very cosmopolitan-thinking town at least. We don't have all the big lavish entertainment or anything like that. But it's a find town. And I'd venture to say that there are probably more people in this town with college degrees of one sort or another than you'd find in almost any town this size in the U.S.A: engineers, technicians, people like that who came in for uranium and stayed. Well, there are any number of people who came here and just didn't want to leave again. The same year I came in, there were several people who came in that year or just the year before who wouldn't leave Moab for anything. Dr. Mayberry is one of them, for instance. Have you talked to him?SG: No, but I've been trying to get a hold of him. He's pretty busy like yourself.LE: He came in '56 also. Larry Norman, did you talk to him? He's on vacation now.SG: No, I talked to a Robert Norman.LE: That's his brother. Buttes Gas and Oil. Robert was herelong before. Larry came two months after I did. It's a 4
 LESTER ERBES f/1wonderful town. I don't want to go anywhere. After ten years in New York, I've had a bellyful of big cities. Ijust don't need a big city any more. I haven't been to Salt Lake, except to fly up for a little convention last year, for five years. I went to a Rotary convention in Denver about five or six years ago. I haven't even been to Grand Junction in two or three years. I just don't want to go anywhere else.SG: Y ou're quite satisfied?LE: Very well satisfied. Do you live in a small town?SG: No, I've lived in big towns all my life, Chicago, LosAngeles.LE: You don't know the wonderful convenience of a small town.You can drive downtown from half a mile away or wherever you live. You can park your car, you can go to the bank, the post office, the supermarket, all within a half a block of your car. You don't realize what a convenience it is to live in a small town. Honestly.SG: Of course, a lot of people that come from big cities are bored by small towns.LE: Yes. I lived in New York City for ten years. There was one kid I used to share an apartment with for a while, and this kid wouldn't leave New York for anything. He never went anywhere. He sat around and played bridge one night a week, and the rest of the time he watched TV or5
 LESTER ERBES 111listened to the radio or something like that. He never went anywhere, but he wouldn't leave New York. He though New York's the place to be. Everything's going on there, but he didn't participate. I've know a lot of big city people like that. Yet they can't see moving to a small town. They're bored in a small town. But they'd do exactly the same things they'd do in a big city. No more, no less. It's amazing. Did you ever live in a little town at all?No.You've been here for how long?I've been here almost a month now.SG: LE: SG: LE: SG: LE:SG: LE:SG: LE:You've been busy all the time you've been here.Mr. Balsley keeps us quite active.What did you do in Chicago? Where do you live now, L.A. or someplace?Los Angeles.All right. What do you do there that you wouldn't do here? You go to ball games and stuff?I go to a lot of movies and plays and things.Well, plays. Theater is one thing that you don't get in a town like this. When I lived in New York back in the thirties, I used to save all the money I could to go to the shows. I saw them all. Sixty-nine cents for a seat upin the gallery on a Saturday afternoon.6
 LESTER ERBES 111SG: It would be nice if it still was that price.LE: Yeah! Those were tough times. I didn't even have coffeewith my breakfast. I saved that nickel five or six days of the week, see, that was half the price of a theater ticket.SG: I think for a single person in a small town, there are certain problems, well, like dating. I imagine especially for a female it would really be rough.LE: It could be. But single people in a town like this can be real swingers if they want to. You're talking about gossip?SG: No, just the lack of things to do. Some people wouldn't be that excited about bridge games. But I know a lot of married people, kids, I mean, that think that's a good relaxation.LE: Are you single?SG: Yeah.LE: Well, think it over. What do you do at home during anordinary week, for instance? You go to a movie or a play, but what else? Date maybe once or twice, or maybe take a date to the movie or the play. What else do you do?SG: But there is such a wide variety of things that I can do. And I do them. I do go out and do them.LE: Oh, well, you're the exception.SG: I know the people you're talking about. I've got quite a7
 LESTER ERBES 111few friends like that. I'm not arguing that point.LE: Well, there's always TV. That's a big time killer and a thing of interest. And if you like to read, why, there's plenty to read in a small town just as much as there is in a big town. So your interests can be as varied as you want. It just happens that I'm hung up on kids. I like kids. I know a whole slew of kids in this town. They feel free to come to my house and sit around and bat the fat. I enjoy it. There are three of them down at my house right now, just sitting around and talking. It keeps your interest, you know. You don't get bored with kids. At least, I don't.SG: I notice this town has quite an active sports program, like L ittle League.LE: Yeah, a big summer recreation program, Little League, Pony League, and they even got a Colt League; they had one or two teams in that. And then they had this little TB. Did you ever hear of TB?SG: LE:No.T -baseball. W ell, they don't pitch. They don't have a pitcher. I don't know just exactly how it works, but I know that the ball isn't pitched at the youngster.Whether they toss it up or whatever it is, I don't know. But anyway, it gets the little tiny kids into the game. So it's something to do. But it's mostly for boys. They8
 LESTER ERBES 111tried to start girls' activities in the summer recreation program, and they can't seem to get anything going. There's just not enough interest. But we have fishing on the mountain. Of course, it's not like Lake Michigan or stuff like that, but it's fun. There are three or four lakes up there and a stream, and there are other places reasonably nearby, within an hour's drive or so. All over Utah the fishing is good; the deer hunting's great here. So there is outdoor recreation. And you can always go out and run around the hills. I've done it for years and just love to do it still.SG: You think most of the citizens do a lot of hunting and fishing?LE: There's a good deal, especially a month the men and boys in our town; there's a great deal of interest in both fishing and hunting. During deer season, I won't say the town closes up, but the town is pretty dead because they're up in the woods. They've had I think it's a 65, 70 percent ratio of success here in the last few years.That's pretty good, you know.SG: Those who have licenses?LE: Yeah, people who have deer licenses have filled theirlicenses 65 to 70 percent. Back in Michigan, 20 percent is considered fine. One of five gets a deer; they think that's great.9
 LESTER ERBES #1SG: Yeah, I know. Well, you can just go out and look at theseroads and mines, you see all kinds of-- LE: That's true.SG: In terms of the television station itself, your job is just strictly delivering the news?LE: Local and area news, Moab and San Juan County to the south, and that's about the size of it. If there is national news that affects people here in Moab, I would use it; for instance, a rise in the income tax rate. That includes everybody. When it applies to people in Moab, I use it. Otherwise, I do strictly local news. It's my own little business. As I said before, I get my own sponsors and show their products on TV, so I call at these storesevery day and get the product and take it back to them and collect the news and that's about it. It's a retirement sort of job. Takes about six to seven hours per day. The only drawback to it is, like the farmer with the herd of milk cows, you have to be there at milking time.SG: It doesn't give you much vacation time.LE: I have to be there at news time. But I'm on a permanentvacation. For instance, I get off the news at ten o'clock in the morning. I can deliver my merchandise back to the stores, rush back home, get in my care, and forty minutes later I can have my fish line in the stream. I can fish10
 LESTER ERBES 111for two or three hours and come back and be ready for the night newscast. So, as I say, I'm on a permanent vacation, really. Just have to be there at certain tjmes is al1.SG: In terms of the television station itself, how strong a station is it? I mean, what area does it cover?LE: Well, see it's cable TV. We get it in by microwave from Salt Lake. It covers only this area within the reach of how far you can put your cables out and sU11 maintain the signal. The TV company gets out to the Arches National Monument on the north and out to Spanish Valley on the south. I don't know exactly how far. It doesn't get out as far as the old airport, or just about to there at the most. So that's about the size of it.SG: This area has changed an awful lot. There was cattle raising before, and sheep too.LE: Yeah, there were sheep¥ And the fruit, of course¥ A 1ot of that's gone now. I think there's only three or four fruit growers around now. There was a lot more of it earlier. But now it's in subdivisions and stuff like that, you know.SG: Do any of the old timers ever talk nostalgically about these old times?LE: You've talked to Cec Thompson? SG: Yeah.11
 LESTER ERBES 1/1LE: Well, he was one of them. I think he's lived here most ofhis life. And Butch Christensen. Have you talked withhim? SG: Y eah.LE: Have you? Well, he was one of them. I think he's lived here most of his life. And Butch Christensen. Have you talked with him?SG: Y eah.LE: Have you? Well, those two specjfically are good frjendsof mine, and those are the ones that I was thinking of. I don't know whether they talked nostalgically about this or not. Did they?SG: Not to us. That's why I was wondering, since that you have talked to them over a longer period of time.LE: No, I don't think so. They don't seem to wish for things to be like they used to be. I don't hear it around anyhow. There are some old timers, of course, in many cities who resent the new things that have come and the growth of their community, but not the people I know.SG: That's what I was wondering. Maybe we were just talking to the wrong group of people because we haven't come across any.LE: Well, it's pretty hard to tell. Have you talked to the Holyokes?SG: No.12
 LESTER ERBES 111LE: Or Johnny Johnson? He's a farmer-type guy, an orchardman. Desmond Young is also an orchard man. They're old timers around here so far as I know. They've been here ever since long before I was. So it might be of interest to get in tough with one of these old boys that's never been involved in the growth of the city at all and just see. I'm a chamber of commerce type myself! I like to see things move.SG: Right now the city is kind of low. Do you think this is just a temporary thing?LE: Well, we've had booms and booms, ups and downs. I think it's temporary because our tourist thing is increasing every year. That's one source of economy, you know. Then we have the new uranium mine out in Lisbon Valley. A good many of those people are sure to live here. There's amill going in out there too. Of course, Texas Gulf is going to be down to one-fourth of what it was five years ago by next year when the solution mining goes in. Atlas Minerals is holding up pretty well. It's been a steady thing since '56, about fourteen years now. And it seems to be holding up pretty well. But there are things; they come and go. The boom was on, then it's off. We seem to manage. Over in St. George, I was over there a couple of weeks ago--I said, "What's the economy of your town here?" And he said, "Oh, we have one or two little places13
 LESTER ERBES 111that hire about fifteen or twenty people, but we pretty much live off each other over here." That town is chuck full of tourists. I guess the tourist business is probably the basis of their whole economy. It's bound to be that around here sooner or later. People travel, and there are more people around here all the time.SG: So it's your view that Moab will increasingly become a tourist center?LE: More and more, especially as they get better roads into the Canyonlands National Park area, for one thing, because that's going to bring a lot of people, there's no question about it. And better roads on the mountain. We have a heat problem here, as you know. It's just about over. If you are going to be around here for two or theemore weeks, you'll find a definite change. But if we can get our mountain roads to be all-weather roads, you know black top, why, I think that will diminish the heat problem for the tourist trade. We have a slump every July in tourist trade. The only reason, I'm sure, is because it's so hot here. But when we get out mountain roads developed to where people can wander around here in the desert in the daytime and then go up to the mountains and sleep at night, why, I think that we're going to have abetter chance by far of holding our tourists longer. SG: You're talking about route roads like the Loop Road?14
 LESTER ERBES 111LE: Yeah.SG: Is there any plan right now for when this is going to befinished? I've heard this from other people.LE: Well, the Forest Service has been sadly neglected down here from the standpoint of getting money for development. But right now, after three or four years of trying to be classified as a poverty county, because wehave poverty counties all around us, see, why, they finally did this spring. So we come under the Economic Development Administration, E.D.A. Well, with that, San Juan County, for instance, got $400,000 a few years ago to develop Hatch Point for recreaUon. But it was only because it was an E.D.A. listed county. Now we're E.D.A., and we have an application in right now for $750,000 to finish the Loop Road and the road up to Oowah Lake and up to Warner. If we get it, half of that would be a grant and the other half would be matching funds from us. Butwe can match it with labor and machinery rather than with actual cash, see. So the county will put their machinery up there and finish up that road. There's only about tenmiles right now of the Loop Road proper that isn't blacktopped. So we can do that. With that kind of money we can do that and blacktop a road to Warner too, I believe. We have the applicatio!l in, and if it comes through, it could happen very suddenly, within a year. If15
 LESTER ERBES /11it doesn't come through, it might go on for many, many years. The Loop Roads, been engineered and surveyed for three or four years in a row. They finally got last year an appropriation to do five miles of the thing. That leaves a little over ten miles still to be done.In terms of the criteria to become a poverty county, what was the main factor keeping Grand County from making it?SG:LE: SG: LE: SG: LE:What area was it that was holdi~g it up? I know it's a series of qualifications.You mean the E.D.A. thing?Yeah.We didn't have enough unemployment here.The mines were still active enough?0 h , y e s ¥ I g o t t h i s u n e mp 1 o y me n t t h i n g f r o m o u r Employment Security Office. Every week they have how many people were out of work. Last week it was seventeen per thousand unemployed. This per-thousand thing means peoplewho are actively in the labor market who want a job. It isn't counting the whole population. The national average, as you know, in July went to 5 percent unemployed. That's fifty per thousand unemployed. We have 1.7 percent unemployed in this area right now. It's been as low as 1.2 percent. So actually there's very little unemployment around here among people that are lookingfor jobs.16
 LESTER ERBES 111SG: That was what I though. How does Grand County meet therequirements for a poverty county?LE: Well, it took a lot of finagling. I don't know exactly. Ithink it's mostly politics really, because our unempl oymen t is a very low in Grand County especially. These figures I got are for Grand and San Juan County, and San Juan County has part of the Indian reservation on it, you know. They have what, 20 percent unemployment or even more. But a lot of those have never been on the labor market and don't want a job. They'd rather live on welfare.SG: That's why I asked the questjon.LE: But I don't know how we qualifjed. We tried a long timeto juggle some figures. We pointed out that when people run out of a job here, they move out of town. Miners, for instance, they '11 go someplace where they can find a minjng job because mining jobs are still in demand. I mean, they're still short of miners. These things have to be reckoned with. Actually they have to be figured into the total picture. But we finally qualified for E.D.A. So far we've got nothing out of it, but we have a couple ofthings going that might work out.SG: Besides the grand for the road, what other things wouldyou hope to get?LE: We very much want to get a flood control project which17
 LESTER ERBES 111would include a lake just up above the .old Power dam out here in Mill Creek Valley. It could be a lake about two miles long and perhaps a quarter of a mile wide or maybe even a half mile wide in certain places. This is one thing we've been working on with the Soil Conservation Service and the Water Resources Board, and oh, a dozen factors. This is another thing we need here. If we had a lake close to town--this is only about three miles from where we're sitting right now--if we had a lake that close, we feel it would greatly help the tourist business.SG: Some people have mentioned this lake and have name the Four Corners Regional Commission as a possible funding source.LE: It is. But the reason for this trip that I mentioned to St. George was to find out how they wangled and arranged to build the Lower Gunlock Reservoir. It's going to be completed in October. They'll start filling it. We've been horsing around here with the Soil Conservation Service for many years. All these agencies--there are four of them altogether--pass the buck back and forth. We get nothing. So we went over there to find out how theydid it, and we got the whole story. Actually what happened was that they had some money. The city had some money, the city of St. George, $250,000 as I recall. Then18
 LESTER ERBES #1they got some money from fjsh and Game and the Water Resources.SG: These are federal agencies?LE: Yeah. The thi.ng is, if you have some money, if you havethe nut, the nestegg, the seed money, then you can apply to the Four Corners Regiona1 Commission, but they won't start anything. If you have some money already, they '11 help out, they'll add to it. But if you don't have any money to begin with, they won't give you anything. So we're going to try here on our lake by borrowing some money from the state water board. I've forgotten exactly what it's called, but they came down here when I was on the city council several years ago. They came down and just begged us to take some money. It's interest free, r~payable in twenty years. We were interested in doing it anyhow, but they were the ones who made it possible, covering our irrigation ditches in town, you know. I've forgotten exactly how much money we got from them, something 1ike thirty thousand do11ars ¥ It 's interest free and repayable in twenty years. Now if we can get, say, three of four hundred thousand dollars from them interest free and repayable in twenty years, we can add one mill to our tax levy and take care of the whole thing. With that kind of seed money, we can go to the Four Corners Regional Commission and to Fish and Game and19
 LESTER ERBES 111to the other places, and we can have our lake. At St.George, they're building that thing for $1,080,000 overthere.SG: At St. George?LE: Yeah. The army engineers figured it was going to cost $9,000,000 and the Bureau of Reclamation figured $10,000,000, but they lowered the dam. I mean, they're not making as big a dam as these other guys counted on. But not a great deal. It's just that these government bureaus double the price on everything when they give you an estimate.SG: Quite a few people in the country are becoming adamant against building further dams in this area on a conservation basis. You think this would cause any hindrance?LE: We wouldn't have any trouble here because it's three miles below where our proposed dam--two miles maybe below-- empties into the Colorado River. All it does from the point from where we want to build the lake is just go through the valley here and into the river, see. It's not blocking. It couldn't be a hindrance from that standpoint. I can understand people not wanting dams on these big rivers and so on, but this little creek, it has nowhere to go after it leaves the dam, whether the damwas there or not.20
 LESTER ERBES 111SG: It would still be feeding into the river?LE: Yeah, and it would still be a creek. We'll still have thesame stream after the dam fills up. And, of course, there would be an advantage to agriculture here in the valley. All these mountain streams, as well as other streams get pretty low, you know, late in July and early August. Some of these people who have irrigation right in the valley just can't irrigate their crops because there isn't enough water in the creek. If we had the dam, we could assure them plenty of water.SG: So you might even end up with a resurgence of agriculture here?LE: No, I don't think it would necessarily increase the agricultural land in use, but it would assure them of a permanent supply of water. The idea of the dam is not to put more acreage under cultivation. You know, the government pays 4.5 billion dollars now to not cultivate, not to raise crops. So it would be the wrong thinking, the wrong purpose, but it would assure the people who are in agriculture of a full supply of water all the time.SG: Has the city or the county itself got anything from the Four Corners Regional Commission?LE: Not that I know of.SG: The only thing would be the school board? LE: That's right. The vocational building.21
 LESTER ERBES 111SG: The lack of capital within the county itself has been themain reason then? LE: For what?SG: For not getting anything up to this point from the Four Corners Regional Commission?LE: No, I don't think so. I don't remember that we've asked them for anything. I can't recall that we have. Now other places around the state have got sewage systems, sewage disposal and water systems and so on, but we already accomplished that here. We've got a find water system, suitable for a town of twelve thousand people, I mean big enough for it. And a sewage disposal plant the same way. So we didn't need these things even at the time the Four Corners thing was created two years ago. We didn't need them. Those are the things they have been giving money for. We already had them. I don't know what we've asked for. I can't think right at this moment. Have you talked to Mayor Bunce?SG: Yeah, but he didn't mention anything about the Four Corners at all.LE: And the county commissioners. Have you talked to any of them?SG: Yeah, I've talked to most of them.LE: They didn't say anything.SG: No one made any point out of the Four Corners having the22
 LESTER ERBES #1school people because of their vocational trainjng center.To the best of my knowledge, that's the only time we've even tried them. There's only a ljmited number of things you can ask for, you know.Right.We'd like to have better roads in southeastern Utah, but that's one of the things they're working on on a national basis. Somebody says it's going to cost how many million?LE:SG: LE:SG: LE: SG: LE:$160,000,000 to put in four thousand miles of road that they want to put into the Four Corners thing. You probably read this in the papers a while ago. But this was in Washington where that happened. It wasn't anything that was said out here. That was on the general planning of the Four Corners.Let's get back to the television station.All right.I understand that it just serves the Moab Valley?Yeah. It's brought in by microwave from Salt Lake City. There's a relaying station up on Beaver Point up above Price. It comes up here to our mountain, and it's microwaved in there, and then beamed down into the valleyhere. Cable TV is just like having telephone lines around town. It's TV lines around. They put them on the utility poles, and each house has its own cable connection. This23
 LESTER ERBES #1is going into bigger cities now, and eventually it could be a national thing. There is a charge per month for it. But your reach depends on how far the signal will go. They pretty much cover the valley here right now.SG: So the television to Moab and Monticello is on separate cables?LE: Montice11o, I understand, doesn't have cab1e TV. Albuquerque has their broadcasting delay on a high hill. It's a very tall tower, and it seems to come into Monticello direct. It isn't distance that makes the difference, it's obstruction in the way because the signal travels in a straight line. Back in Michigan, we could get Milwaukee very nicely. I lived on the lake shore on the east side, and Milwaukee is right on the lake shore on the west side of Lake Michigan, so it was a straight-across thing. Milwaukee came in better than Lansing or Grand Rapids.SG: Which are quite a bit closer.LE: Yeah, a whole lot closer.SG: Do most of the residents in the valley here havetelevision now? Do they use the cable TV?LE: I don't know exactly how many families or how manyresidences there are in town, but the majority of them are connected, trailers and houses alike. I don't think that Howard Balsley has TV.24
 LESTER ERBES /11SG: No.LE: But he's one of the few. I know of very few people who donot have TV. Of course, I don't know everybody in town, and it's possible that some of the low income people that I don't even know, or some of the old, old people who are living very frugally don't, because this cable TV costs you money. There's a monthly charge.SG: Do you know what kind of pressures the cable TV has, the local station here, in terms of what type of things are broadcast? Are you involved in this at all?LE: No. The channels are ABC and NBC and Columbia. And they have the educational channel out of Salt Lake City, and the weather channel.SG: So, therefore, they would cover everybody's taste?LE: Yeah. They brjng the networks in. So whatever you can get in some other city, you can get right here, as far as networks are concerned, because we get it from Salt Lake.Everything they get up there right here.SG: In terms of your own show now, you pay the televisionstation a fee? LE: Yeah.SG: So your profit comes strictly out of the advertising?LE: That's right. I use the channel twice a day, and I rent it on a monthly basis. I get my own sponsors, and they've been the same ones all the ti.me I've bee on. I run a25
 LESTER ERBES 111commercial for them, a one-minute spot usually, and I charge them on a regular-spot basis each month. So that's where I can make a living.Not counting the network news, are you the only news broadcaster for this station then?In TV, yes. Radio, of course, has its news.Yes, I know this.they have four newscasts a day. But other than that and the newspaper, I'm the only one on TV.About sponsors for your show, you said they've been the same ones, so I gather they're quire happy?I guess they're satisfied.Initially did you have problems in getting sponsors?No, I didn't. I had a whale of a news-following fromradio. I was out of radio, let's see, from August 'till October. I left the radio station. We just couldn't agree on how much money I was worth. I started this TV program three months later. When they heard that Les Erbes was going to be on news on TV, it was a very simple things to get sponsors.SG: Do you make more money off the television station than you did?LE: Than I did in radio?SG: Yeah.LE: I do, a little bit more. Not a great deal more. But I'veSG:LE: SG: LE:SG:LE: SG: LE:26
 LESTER ERBES 111never raised the rates since I've been on the air. I'm just not particularly interested in making money. I don't need it. I'm a bachelor.SG: In terms of freedom of what you say on the air, do you have more freedom now that you're virtually your own boss owning the television statjon than you had at the radio station?LE: In news you mean?SG: Yeah.LE: No. While I was on radio, I was the news boss. I mean, Iwas the program director. Nobody told me what to use on the news. Nobody tells me now what to use on the news. So from that angle, no, no difference.SG: You've had pretty much that freedom from the very beginning?LE: Yeah. On news.SG: How many hours do you broadcast?LE: The morning program is about twenty-five minutes, and theevening program is about twenty minutes. And that's it. People say to me, "What in the world do you do with all of your time?" For the nine-thirty newscast in the morning, I'm there by quarter to eight. In the aftern oon , I go back at 2:15, 2:30 ordinarily for the 5:55 newscast. So a good deal of time is taken up. Of course, when you're in the news business, it's twenty-four hours a27
 LESTER ERBES 111day. If anything pops in the evening, why, you go after it. You attend a lot of meetings you wouldn't ordinarily attend.SG: That was going to be my next question. I assume you have to gather your own news stories yourself?LE: That's rjght. It's strange how few people will phone you with news. They'll phone you with announcements of a meeting or something like that, something they want to promote. But for news, you just have to be alert, that's all, dig deep for it all the time. That's how come it takes that much time to get a news program together. You just dig for news.SG: Do you do any filming of any of these events?LE: No, I'm a lousy photographer, and so I don't. Sam Taylor,who runs the newspaper--you've talked to him probably-- SG: Yes, I have.LE: Sam has been very cooperative about loaning me pictures when he goes out and gets one, you know, or something like that. And there are some pictures that people take for me, and for which I pay. But I'm not a handy cameraman. Somehow or other I just can't seem to do a good job on a camera. So I don't use a great manypictures.SG: Do you get involved at all in any of the politicalcontroversies that happen in a small town or county? 28
 LESTER ERBES /11LE:I get involved partly. I don't use it in the news. I try to remain unbiased on the news and just report the story. Once in a while I will say, "Now that's the end of the story, and I have a comment to make," and I express an opinion, see. But I don't slant a story purposely. I don't do that at all.No, I didn't mean it that way. What I'm really asking you is if you take an editorial stand, which I assume you would label as such.I do only when I label it.The fact that you have been involved in some of the local politics--you say that you were a member of the city council, has this been a plus or a minus in your role as a newsman?Plus, very definitely.You haven't had the problem of people thinking, well, you might be wanting to get back into politics, and therefore, they shouldn't tell you?No, no prob1em. They knowI'mnot going back into politics. I publically declared it. No, no problem at all. But knowing the council, for instance, and dealing with the county commissioners and the various county and city officers as long as I have, they pretty much uncork,you know. They don't hold back. They tell me things that I wouldn't use on the news. They know that I'm not goingSG:LE: SG:LE: SG:LE:29
 LESTER ERBES 111to use it on the news. So I get background--stories behind stories--that you don't use on the news, that's all.SG: This area is qujte heavily Republican. What reason do you give for this?LE: Don't know.SG: Has anybody ever done any study on the background of thearea to try to explain this, do you know?LE: Not that I know of. Well, Utah is pretty much Republican,isn't it?SG: Yeah, but there's a Democratic senatorLE: Yes, I know. Got a Democratic governor, too.SG: I think the state is registered Republican.LE: Yes, so is San Juan County, I believe. I don't know why.Where I lived in Michigan it was pretty solidly Republican, too, and I never knew why. They went Democrat a few times, too. I don't know why.SG: Do the people in this area vote the party or the person? LE: As far as I know, I would say for the individual. In my own experience in city elections, for instance, party means nothing. They have a party mass meeting or whateverthey call it to present candidates for city elections,and it doesn't mean a thing. You vote for the person.SG: I mean it's kind of surprising to me coming from California, that, say, the sheriff's office will be a30
 LESTER ERBES 111partisan race. Now, what year were you on the city council?LE: I can't remember, for sure. It would have to have been at least four years ago, and it might be longer than that.SG: You just served the one term?LE: Yeah. Gosh, it could have been ten years ago. We werehaving trailer troubles in town then. We had the boom on here in '56 when I came; I mean, the boom was over, but the people were still here. There was a terrific shortage of housing that Bob Norman probably told you about that. So the city just allowed residents to open up their backyards for somebody to put a trailer in. When the settled down, why, we had this trailer problem all over town. We had a couple of trailer parks by then. The council went through a tough time just trying to get these trailers out of peoples' yards. It was a source of income to some, you know, and it was just one of those problems that we had. So it would have to have been in the early sixties that I was on the council.SG: Did you get involved in any of these controversies?LE: We had rooms full of people, meeting after meeting,protesting. You had to be involved. But we had to make the decision, and we finally did. We still get the protests.SG: There are still trailers that are not in the trailer 31
 LESTER ERBES /11courts, you know, in the city itself.LE: This is true, a few of them. Not very many, but they're trailers that have been there a long, long time. The ordinance has been pretty much enforced. I personally think that they're going to have to change it again in many towns, as in our town, because mobile homes are a way of life now, you know. About 20 percent of the new homes in the U.S.A. today are mobile homes. It's just one of those things. The manufacturers are making then nowwhere they can skid those wheels off, and it's apermanent home. Several manufacturers are doing it.SG: So you think, as of now, the ordinance might even be tootight as it is?LE: I think it could be.SG: I understand that durjng this time, too, there was alsoquite a controversy over the sewage system that was goingto be built. Was this before or after you came in?LE: I don't recall a controversy.SG: There was this conflict between the state and city aboutwhat kind of system was going to be built.LE: Gee, I don't remember that.SG: That much have been right before you came in.LE: May have been, although thjs whole system and the sewagedisposal plant have been built since I came in, the whole bit. The whole water system has been built. They had a32
 LESTER ERBES #1water system here, some wells. But they put in this big pipeline. It's a big eighteen-inch job, a steel line coming from the golf course area. That's why the golf course is there. It's our water supply area. But I don't recall any controversy about either sewer or water.SG: Have you had any problems with the telephone company, with some of the shortages that they had, or were these pretty well settled by the time you arrived?LE: No, they were pretty much taken care of. Bob Norman used to go to Thompson to telephone Dallas, Texas, because he couldn't get out of here for hours or days sometimes.SG: Yeah, he mentioned that.LE: But the telephone company was fairly well caught up bythe time I got here.SG: Was the same true of electricity? Were they also caughtup by the time that you came in?LE: By the time I came, there was no problem. SG: And the gas came in afterwards?LE: Came in the first year I was here.SG: What are the main problems of Moab right now besides the roads, which you've already gone through?LE: I don't think that we have any problems.SG: You think any negative effect resulted from the uraniumboom, or do you view it strictly as a positive? LE: I think it's all positive.33
 LES TE R ERBES 111SG: In terms of mining in this area, do you think it's goingto keep playing the present role?LE: It's quite likely to, allowing for the conversion ofTexas Gulf reducing personnel, which will happen within a year. But I think it's fairly likely. Atlas Minerals is scrounging for ore, but there'll be more uranium developed when the price gets right. It's bound to.SG: So you think that uranium is going to continue to play a role in this area?LE: I do. I may be uninformed, but I think it's going to. T.G.S. has fourteen years, no twenty-four years, something like that. They had longer than that. They figured when they came in here that they had forty years, and now, with solution mining, they can probably get more á years out of it than they figured. Right around the part that's cut out now, they have some fourteen years of development without any expansion.SG: Do you see any other type of industry coming in besides tourism or mining?LE: Yeah. We got a little local industry here now that's getting under way. You've heard about Carol Archery Bows haven't you? Archery Bows?SG: No one's mentioned that.LE: Haven't they? Well, Bobby Doug Carol has been buildingbows with one other person for, I don't know, five or six34
 LESTER ERBES 111years, maybe longer than that. Just recently, he has some champion archery target shooters, you know. This is a profession like professional golf or professjonal anything else. This guy is connected with him, and theyjust raised enough money to start a little factory here. They hope to have about sixteen to twenty employees by the end of the year. I'm surprised that Butch didn't mention it because Bobby Doug Carol's a son-in-law of Butch, I believe. But at any rate, this is the sort of thing that we can do here very nicely. We're scratching all the time for some electronics business. We have a transportation problem here, you realize that. But we need some little thing that a month's supply can be hauled in one truck. There are some very definite advantages to being here: the climate, it's pollution- free, and this sort of thing. We've tried a few times for a sewing machine outfit like they're getting around in various places in Utah. But we haven't been successful. Things like that could come in. We have a large supply of female labor, for instance, which is a help, and we're a non-union town mostly, although Atlas Minerals went union here a few months ago, after how many tries? I don't know how many years they've been fighting various unions. Wehave a basis here for small industry, I think. But we're going to be very finicky about this pollution bit. This35
 LESTER ERBES 1/1is what we don't want. So I think there's a possibility here of other industry besides tourism.I understand they've hired a full-time recruiter to try to get new industry into this area.That's right. This year is the first time.There are certain types of industries you don't want, I gather from your comment about pollution?That's right. That's policy. That's the way they figure it. Now, this isn't just a personal opinion. That's what they want. They want pollution-free industry.SG:LE: SG:LE:SG:LE:What is the main reason, do you think, for the fact that this area is non-union, with the exception of Atlas and T.G.S.?Well, of course, those are the only two industries here that hire a whole lot of people, comparatively. Atlas has fought it all the time, and T.G.S., I think, nationwide they're non-union. So I've been told. They're just aging it, that's all.SG: Well, certain parts of the country are heavily union, and certain parts aren't.LE: That's right. Like Pri.ce, for instance. That's heavily union, coal mining.SG: And that's quite close. Surrounding territories usually are union, too.LE: I think that most of the businessmen in our town are 36
 LESTER ERBES 111anti-union. They feel that the union has nothing to provide for our population except dues! As long as wage rates are equal with the union rates, then there's no particular incentive for a man to want to belong to a union. I mean wage rates and working conditions. If they're good, the union has nothing to offer him, but they '11 milk him for his dues all the time. I sort of believe the same way.SG: I gathered that from the way you gave your answer!LE: Yeah.SG: Some people have talked about this area becoming more ofa retirement center. Do you think there is any future inthat?LE: This I've been trying to push for a 1ong, 1ong ti.me¥ Idon't know why people want to live in a smog-ridden, big, busy city when they could live in a place like this. It's just ideal for retirement, I think. The climate's right and the atmosphere is right. I mean, this ecology thing, environmental thing will become more and more important as time goes on. I've talked about it many times at the chamber of commerce. We've got to find a gimmick of some sort that will interest people in coming here to retire.It's a fine place to retire.SG: Obviously you think that this could be on way to help thecity keep going?37
 LESTER ERBES 111LE: SG:Yeah.A lot of the local residents make complaints about thetourist industry itself. Some of them have been saying that so much of the income from the tourist industry goes out of the town. A lot of the complaints are with the park service's single-use policy and not a multi-use policy. Have you ever run into this, and do you think these kinds of criticisms have any validity?How come tourist money goes out of town? Because of the chain motels?I gather that's what they're talking about.Well, of course, we tried to get a chain motel in here for a long time because we figured that a recognized name would bring more tourists in. Now we have three of them. Three?I believe so.For the kinds of jobs that the tourist industry brings, the wages are comparatively low paying.You mean like chambermaids in motels?Yeah, I think they were also talking about that.I haveri 't heard anything about that, al though I know it isn't any electrician's pay. (Laugh) I realize that. But it's something to do. If people don't want to do it, theydon't need to. The number of women in this town who would work if there were a job available would amaze youLE:SG: LE:SG: LE: SG:LE: SG: LE:38
 LESTER ERBES #1because there just aren't many women's jobs around, except in teaching. On multi-purpose use, I'm all with the B.L.M. and the Forest Service because I think that the way the National Park Service locks up everything isjust a pity and a shame. But that's their policy.SG: Present Park Service plans are to keep Canyonlands about80 percent wilderness atmosphere. LE: Yes.SG: In this interviewing, we've had a lot of people grumble about that. They thought they weren't developing Canyonlands as much as they should. You think it should remain a one-use area?LE: No, I don't! I think parks are for people. I think they ought to open it up just as much as is possible. When you restrict it to jeep roads only or something like that, you're automatically ruling out a great big segment of our population. John Doe and his family in their touring car or their automobile come out here to see the Canyonlands, and they're restricted to a little blacktop road and nothing else. This isn't right. I don't believe it's right. I'm not a wilderness man either. I'm not aSierra Club member. I don't go for this that much, see. SG: Well, the Park Service starts talking about what happened with Yosemite. That apparently is their fear. But youdon't think that's likely to happen in this area? 39
  LESTER ERB ES fl 1LE:I think the Park Service is going to smarten up a little bit, and they have, I think, this summer. They're restricting it. They are going to do this nationally. It's going to happen in all national parks if people keep on using them the way they are. When their spaces are filled, that's it, turn them away. You can wear out the land, you know, with too many people.Right.This is the way they're going to have to work it. Of course, this has nothing to do with multi-purpose use.No, this is just a separate thing.Just a separate thing. Overcrowding in Yosemite, it's a pity and a shame. There are lots of places--they all want to be right down in the valley--around in Yosemite Park that aren't overused at all.That's true. But you've got to go through that valley. Is there anything else that we haven't covered?No, I can't think of a thing.Well, then thank you very much, sir. Y ou're welcome!SG: LE:SG: LE:SG:LE: SG: LE:40
 