 WILLIAM WALKER AND EUGENE CRAMER Los Angeles, CaliforniaTape No. 87An interview by Kathy Biel June 30, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsNuclear Power. 1 Construction of San Onofre Plant. 4 Fuels. 9 Nuclear Power. 12 Future of San Onofre. 18 Public A ttitudes. 21 Atomic Energy Commission. 23 Breeder Reactors. 26 Radioactive Waste 35
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH . WILLIAM R. WALKER, MANAGER OFPUBLIC INFORMA TION, AND EUGENE M.ADV ANCED ENERGY SYSTEMS, BY KA THLEENPLATEAU PROJECT. THIS INTERVIEW WAS DONE AT THEIR OFFICESI N T H E E D I S O N B U I L D I N G ON F I F T H S T R E E T , L O S A N G E L E S ON JUNE 30, 1970.WW: I was a little mystified by the initial discussion on the subject with Dr. Shumway yesterday. He said seventeen researchers were going to be working in the field on a project having to do with the uranium industry. Is that correct?KB: Yes, that's correct. And as I explained to Mr. Cramer, my area being domestic atomic fuel production, the logical culmination of the uranium industry, we feel. Now, I know that your plant was started up in 1966 down at San Onofre, but when was its conception?WW: Well, actually it went into operation on January 5, 1968. It's been in commercial operation now, what, for about two and a half year. But golly, they broke ground long before that.EC: I think the construction actually started in 1964.WW: Yeah.EC: And the planning--it depends on how far back you wantto start the planning stage. The planning probably began about 1ike 196O, and our actual involvement with nuclear power went back to--well, '57, '55, •54. So you have say whether it's construction, operation,CRAMER, ENGINEER FOR B I E L FOR THE COLORADO
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2or letting a contract to fix a time when it allbegan.WW: Now, in the 1950's, Gene, you were talking about theSanta Susanna.EC: Right, in '57.WW: Maybe you ought to review that quickly because it'srelevant and actually was a pioneering effort.EC: Very, very pioneering. Well, there's an agency called Atomics International that is now a division of NorthAmerican Rockwell, headquartered over in Canoga Park, and they've been a very pioneering firm in nuclear power plant design, in designs of very advanced concepts. One of the first of the little test reactors which they produced used a sodium coolant. We contributed a steam generator, and a turbine portion to this plant, and contributed some people to operate the turbine portion of the plant, and we contributed some engineers to mesh the reactor and the electricity producer together. The company makes a proud boast that its generator was used in the world's first commercial nuclear energy plant, in 1957 at Moorpark.WW: It lighted the entire city of Moorpark for a period of using this nuclear reactor system as the energy2
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2source.EC: In a sense, that project, I think really was thefirst concrete evidence, so far as the world would be concerned, as to our involvement with nuclear power. I think I'm correct in believing that even while that project was going on, people were thinking and discussing with Westinghouse and Bechtol the San Onofre Unit One, which is what you see from the highway now. The exact dates of various lettings andconstruction starts we can supply you. But inessence, it takes place over a period of time.KB: Was Edison or any of the other companies involvedgiven any assistance by the A.E.C.?EC: Yes, in the Unit One I believe there was someassistance with the fuel. Either a waiver-use charge was made or something like that. I think that's the only assistance. Now Westinghouse as a researcher and developer has had a long history of using federal grants to develop this. But as far as that particular plant goes, there was a fuel--the use-charge waiver, I think, and then Westinghouse got some specific A.E.C. money, not for that plant alone, but for that plant as a prototype of what is called the largereactor development program? 3
 W I L L I A M R . W ALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2WW: Was it not the first of the so-called second generation?EC: Right.WW: It's still the only operating commercial-sizednuclear reactor on the West Coast.EC: Right. You have to watch for those on-the-West-Coastqualifiers.WW: Right, but yeah, there are others planned, there isanother under construction and so on. But I think that this second-generation concept, when this thing went on the line with 450,000 kilowatts, it was still at that point in time and for a few months thereafter the largest commercial nuclear reactor then in operation. Bigger ones subsequently have come along. We're dealing in this day and time with, what, amillion kilowatts on up, I guess.EC: Oh, I think the biggest one built has beenConnecticut Yankee and it's six hundred. ---?--- is asmaller one, but it's in that six-hundred class.KB: Did you experience high construction costs? I understand this has been a deterrent previously toplanning and building?WW: Oh, there are high capital costs. No question aboutthat. There still are. It cost two and a half times 4
 W I L L I A M R . W ALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2more, something like that, in terms of capital cost.But--EC: It comes back when you start burning the nuclear fueland you don't have to have a trainload of coal or atanker load of oil come in like you did everyday.WW: Yeah. So the operating costs over the thirty-five- year life or whatever of a nuclear plant tends to bring the two together. So I guess today we believe that nuclear out at the other end of the line will atleast be competitive with conventional plants.EC: In a high fuel cost area.WW: Yeah.EC: To be more specific, I don't think there were anyunusual construction costs. I think the construction was quite usual. I think today, you know, if you read the newspapers and see high construction costs, you think of things like valves failing, things like---?---failing, things like the extra added construction cost due to the adding of engineered safety features which are incorporated as the plant passes through the licensing stage. You think in terms more of delays than extra construction costs.This is generally what an engineer would say. He would say delays and some added construction costs,5
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2WW:but primarily delays.What you might give as an example of the added construction costs are changes in the allowances required with respect to ground displacement ·Which came into being somewhere along the line in the construction period there, didn't they and they addeda certain amount to the cost. I could put it into dollars. But new layers of regulations are added as protective measures and I think there was oneinvolving ground displacement which was a factor. Or maybe that was on the now aborted Ball's Island Project.That's probably it because that was the real sticky one there.It was to be a nuclear desolvent plant. Remember hearing about that?I believe I do.A man-made island offshore and so on.So as far as I can tell, there is no unusual construction costs associated with it.Just why was San Onofre chosen for the new location for the plant?EC:WW:KB: WW: EC:KB:EC:WW: Well, I don't know all of the considerations. InThat I think you know a little bit about.6
 WILLIAM R. WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2fact, neither Gene nor I was here at that time, so I have to go on what little I've heard. But to give you a superficial answer, and that's the best it can be, I think our management, after examining and studying many different locations, felt this one was ideal from a number of standpoints. One of the foremost reasons, I'm sure, would be the physical location. It's on a military reservation, it's not surrounded by a populace, it's well removed and of course, it had to be on the coastline. But as a consequence of this decision with respect to location, I'm told, we encountered a minimal amount of public opposition as compared, for exampl~, with the experience of the Department of Water and Power at Malibu. They wanted to build a nuclear plant in Corral Canyon, ---?--- hired by the Malibu--it's almost a film colony unto itself. They were fighting Bob Hope, and you know, and ---?--- and so they didn't stand a very good chance for this reason. In terms of pressure, Pacific Gas and Electric up in northern California experienced similar difficulties when they wanted tolocate one at--what's the name of that? Not Morro Bay. They're now building one at the Diablo Canyon, but--7
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2EC: De Pima Dunes. (?)WW: De Pimo Dunes. (?) And the human cry went up. TheSierra Club and the environmentalists and so on went to work and felt that this area should be preserved for all time, and that the presence of a nuclear plant would be ruinous and so on. And as a consequence, P.G. and E. backed off and went to the people and in fact said, "Okay, we've got to have a nuclear plant. Where would you put it?" And worked with the Sierra Club and ultimately selected the Diablo Canyon site in San Luis Obispo County. We didn't really have this kind of experience. You didn't have the concern, the serious concern in terms of magnitude, at least, that other utilities have experienced elsewhere, not just along the California coastline, but in the East and the Midwest and so on. It's ideal from that standpoint. It's far removed from direct contact with the public.EC: Then there are some technical aspects as well. That's why I wanted him to answer first, so I could pick up the technical aspects at the end. The plant, of course, has to be built on the ocean because that's the source of the cooling water. It's a cooperative venture with San Diego Gas and Electric, so it should8
 W I L L I A M R . W ALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2be somewhere between our two systems so that power can go either way in an easy fashion. The main power 1ine down the coast follows the coast, so it was ideal to just place it along there at a convenient place. And this is approximately halfway. I believe there were either some local sub-stations or something. I'm very hazy here. Perhaps this is not--WW: Well, that had to be a consideration. Do you know and understand why it's imperative that these plants be located along the coastline rather than out on the desert, for example?KB: Yes. The water for the coolant.EC: The ocean is sea water and few people drink seawater, whereas everybody likes to drink river water. They don't like to take river water from the mouths of babes.KB: Then this was on a military reservation? Are you leasing the land then?WW: Uh huh. Yes, that's a leasing arrangement with Camp Pendleton Marine Base as you know. I don't know what length, what the terms are again. The details we could dig out.EC: If you want dollar amount, if you want facts, ask for them now, and I will jot down here the facts you want9
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2KB:WW: KB: EC: WW:and we will supply them later.All right, do you believe that this is an area of high fossil fuel cost?You mean as compared with other areas?Yes.It's lower than New England. But then, what isn't? Yeah. Of course, you have different fuels used predominantly in the East and Midwest as compared toout here. We're talking about natural gas and fuel oil as compared with coal basically as in the other system virtually everywhere else in the country.You'd have to qualify that because it's not just cost along. We don't want to burn oil because even when we get low-sulphur oil, we produce sulphur dioxide, so we want to burn gas. Gas is the preferred fuel in the fossil fuels. You can't get all the gas you want even when you can pay the price because there is competition for the gas. The gas companies sell it to its customers, so that in the winter we have to go to oil as a fuel.We're what's known as an interruptable customer. They can cut us off at any time. So when cold weather comes along and we start turning on the heat in our homes because it's cold or rainy or damp or whatever,EC:WW:10
 WILLIAM R. WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2the demand for gas goes up and they shut us off and use the gas naturally for residential consumer. So then we have to shift to fuel oil. We have no choice in that instance. So all of our plants are dual purpose--or not dual purpose but--EC: Combination--WW:--combination fuel plants. We'd rather, as Gene says, burn gas 365 days a year. It's the best in terms of emissions and so on of any fuel that we can burn other than nuclear. But there is a period of time in the winter months, and it's about three, three-and-a- half-month period of time when we're shut off quite frequently, and in the more severe weather we're shut off about all of the time from the gas supply. So this is a pretty significant factor in our fuel bill. Incidentally, while I''m thinking about it, the low- sulphur oil Gene mentioned is imported from Indonesia, and I'm told that it costs us about six million dollars a winter more than California residual fuel oil, so in that sense--this has nothing to do with nuclear. I realize we're going a little bit astray--but in that sense, this is a six-million- dollar cost that this company is absorbing in the interest of cleaner air. We have also had to change11
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2our entire system of pipelines and so on to accommodate them to the use of low-sulphur oil. And yet when we started ~sing it, Blue Fuller, who was then the air pollution control officer of Los Angeles County hailed it as the greatest thing since sliced bread because it solved the problem of, I guess, primarily the sulphur dioxide emissions we've been using it when we have to use fuel oil in all of our plants in the basin. Now, let's get back to nuclear.KB: When do you--or do you hope that this plant will become eventually competitive?EC: We're not speaking of Unit One now? We're speaking of plants in general?KB: Y es.EC: Okay. Well, if you take a national look, the nuclearplant is competitive in high fuel cost areas. In other words, New England is always mentioned as a high fuel cost area because you have to import the finished product in there, and there's transportation problems in the winter. There are low fuel cost area where there are large coal deposits, T.V.A. generally is a low fuel cost area. Right now they claim the economic break-even point nuclear against fossil, is around thirty cents per million B.T.U. If you have a12
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2higher fuel cost than this, go nuclear; if you have a lower fuel cost than this, go fossil. But there again, you cannot quote a single number. You have to understand market conditions. T.V.A. in a low cost fuel area with a good relationship with the coal people has switched in essence to nuclear. But they area now finding it difficult getting the coal that it needs for its present coal plants. Now this may sound strange. Even though they have long term coal contracts, the suppliers are not supplying the coal. They are taking a penalty in the coal because they can sell the coal in Japan for a higher price, pay the penalties, pay the shipment, and just walk out on their T.V.A. contracts. So you just can't say cost along, you must understand the market conditions, and this is rather abnormal market condition. Those people who have a nuclear bias believe that the thingis competitive now.WW: Gene, for the record now, I am giving her somethingfrom last night's clipping sheet which was from Electrical World or one of the trade journals--no, Nuclear Nucleonics or something like that. Anyway, "A Crisis in Fossil Fuel," which is germane to what you're talking about here and might be instructive.13
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2EC: Right. And in addition, if you look at natural gas which is our preferred fuel, you find that there is about a ten-year· supply available in the ground. SoEC: KB:EC:if things go like they are, if they found now new fuel, in ten years we would be out of natural gas. Even if they did find new and larger stores of natural gas, more and more uses come up. So the appetite of the world, the appetite of the United States continues to increase. Fuel is a very, very nebulous, hazy, difficult-to-get-at decision. You just have to know what's going on in addition to the quoted prices.Go ahead Kathy.Then you're saying that by necessity it will have to become competitive eventually.No, what I'm saying is that what happens, regardless of the cost of any particular plant or the cost of any comparison, is that except for a few areas where the fuel cost is exceedingly low or some economic conditions differ--to say that nuclear power is competitive now, can't be proven by anyone's particular bid. But there have been many, many cross--Is that literally true right now, Gene?WW:14
 WILLIAM R. WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER # 2EC: Y eah.WW: Fuel costs?EC: Well, the whole cost, not just--WW: Capital and operating costs?EC: When you mix it all together, nuclear power isWW:EC:competitive.Out somewhere in the thirty-five year span, but I didn't think it was now. In other words, the curve changes nicely.If you only speak of now, thirty cents per million B.T.U. is the break-even. Now people debate--thirty- two, twenty-eight, something like that, but thirty cents per million B.T.U.; above that go nuclear, below that go fossil. But then when you put on the economic restraints--what was it, Public Service of New Jersey in their ---?--- Island decision, I believe, they evaluated a big reactor, a thousand- megawatt electric reactor, against two five-hundredfossils. Now the reason they did that was somewhat unique, and it penalized the two smaller fossil plants because there's lot of economic advantages for one big unit. But it was their corporate decision that to match reliability their would have to have two smaller fossils against one larger nuclear. And15
 W I L L I A M R . W ALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2so that way they factored their experience into it, and it became the nuclear plant by a considerable margin. Now another utility in another area with different economic constraints, perhaps a different political cast, different pollution requirements orwould not have made this artificial constraint. They would have matched a thousand-megawatt nuclear against a thousand-megawatt fossil. It would have been different. So you justcan't quote a hard and fast rule.KB: Well, what do you see as the future for your SanOnofre plant, or any future plants you might beconsidering?EC: Okay. Well, we know that there has been a contractlet for two more nuclear units at San Onofre, Units Two and Three. There's your eleven-hundred-megawatt electric. Combustion Engineering is the supplier and the designer. The preliminary safety analysis report has been turned into the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission the first of June. The Construction schedule has not been completely set up, but the units are pointed to operation on a commercial basis in 1976 or 1977. Now unless things have changed since this morning, the present plans have been forsomething like that,16
 W I L L I A M R . W ALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2sometime that tow more units will go in San Onofre inthe next two years.WW: There's actually room for four beyond the oneexisting right now of the one million-kilowatt range,each one.EC: Right. It's the physical size more than anythingelse. If somebody came up tomorrow with a nuclear power plant that gave you twenty-two hundred megawatts electric in the physical size of the Unit One, we could put two bigger units in.WW: Now also significant here, as you may know, Kathy, I'm not sure, that at the same time in January, late January when we announced plans for these two additional units at San Onofre, we also announced what was termed an all-out commitment to build nothing but nuclear generating plants for major generation sources in the basin after mid-1970s with the completion of the two additional units at Huntington Beach which are conventional. From then on, any major generating units we build in the basin would be nuclear. So we have long-range plans that encompass a number of nuclear plants, not just at San Onofre. If you're going off into the 1980s, I think it was two years ago that we announced the17
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2acquisition of a site up in Santa Barbara County, Point Conception, the old Hollister Ranch property-- to locate some nuclear units there. And we're looking to the advent, not too long from now, of nuclear plants located close in, urban areas, which is something else coming down the line. Or perhaps building them completely or partially underground. There are a lot of wrinkles here that--EC: As you look out the window it gets farther and farther out until it broadens out and it gets a little bit dimmer, too. Well, we'll continue building fossil plants. We have some large coal supplies inUtah, water in Utah. We have coal plants building onthe Colorado River--WW: In Nevada, in the southern tip of Nevada, the Mojaveplants, and Four Corners, New Mexico. There are both joint projects with other utilities, other utility systems. But we're majority participants in each case.EC: So any utility looks at the surrounding area, looks at the fuel, looks at the growth of the population, the growth of the demand, and tries to use its resources to the best advantage. But when you have coal and water in a particular location, you say,18
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2"I'll build fossil plants there, I'll pipe the electricity back." But then you always have to have a certain balance to your system. Never put all of your eggs in one basket. Because of the air pollution, you need a generator right there and you can't build a fossil. Build nuclear here, and build fossil over here in the wastelands, and pipe the electricity back. Now, the exact mixture may change from time to time because of technical factors, political factors, but in essence, from here on out, on the coast line it's nuclear power plants for the major generation,supplemented with inland plants where water or other economic factors are guiding. And this is the same thing that I was trying to say a while ago. We would not site a nuclear power plant on top of a coal mine. That's pointless.KB: In you new plant, do you anticipate any community or public pressures such as they did up in northern California? Do you anticipate any problems?WW: Oh, I think we have to. In this day and time, more so than a few years ago, the public is aware of the subject of environmental concerns more than at any other time. The pressures are much greater than theywere just two or three years ago in these respects. 19
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2So I'm sure that we can anticipate a certain amount of opposition. Groups will express concern over thermal pollution, radiation, or they can hear the bomb ticking, or they can see that mushroom cloud, and so it becomes a highly emotional issue and extremely difficult to deal with. There are valid answers to any of these expression of concern, but quite often in the battle, so to speak, well, the more strident voices are heard. I'm sure there will always be problems.EC: It's very difficult to answer an emotional fear with a rational argument.WW: No matter what the subject is.EC: We could discuss, you know, how you should be in thekitchen cooking with .the kinder, but I don't think that would reach you very far. And th at's a completely rational answer to an emotional question. And the public is that way. When uninformed or misinformed they tend to reject. "No more bombs, we've had enough. Children wil1 just have to get along with what they've got." And this is the mood of the public today. They will pop out all over.KB: Well, since your area is public information, are you going to undertake any kind of educational programs20
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2perhaps to--?WW: Oh yes. We have in the process, on various levels orlayers of approval, a public relations plan or program for paving the way for public acceptance for nuclear in those areas where we have specific plans at this time. We use every means at our disposal to tell our side of the story as convincingly as possible; not just publicity, but institutional advertising, direct mail, speeches, films, working through the schools, any way we can reach the public and get our side of the story across. But what we're saying in past here is that, even though we will certainly mount a mighty effort to persuade the public by every possible means that they have nothing to fear, that in fact, the advent of nuclear commercial power is something to be welcomed as a safe, clean, and efficient form of energy. Getting back to your question of a few minutes ago, we have to anticipate that there will be a certain amount of opposition. It's interesting to note that in the controversies over our plans to build fossil-field units elsewhere, Huntington Beach, Harlan (?) Beach and so on, quite often, those who are opposed to the conventional plants for various reasons,21air
 WILLIAM R. WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER # 2pollution concerns and so on, have said, "Why don't you make them nuclear?" And there are good and sufficient reasons why we couldn't. But now we find often that the same people or a whole new group, I'm sure, will have formed, saying, "For gosh sakes, don't build nuclear.11· Radiation and all these other fears." Build it somewhere else or build conventional or whatever." You're always going to have this. It'sa matter of politics, actual physical location and the degree to which the public is stirred up by the news media or vocal articulate opposition, and so on.EC: Gee, Bill, back in Kansas where I grew up, we didn't even need an issue to get an argument started! I mean, if somebody said, "Let's go out and build a fence." I mean you could have half a dozen people arguing for it and half a dozen arguing against. That's just the way people are. They like to start something.KB: Well, even though the A.E.C. has withdrawn its direction and its guidance, so to speak, don't you believe that you still have friends in the federal government who are still wanting to make sure that these programs succeed? Don't you think you'11 be getting a little help in that area?22
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2EC: I'm a bit puzzled about the A.E.C. withdrawing its direction and guidance. I think if you address yourself to A.E.C. direction and guidance, you would have to say that the A. E. c. has funded programs in national laboratories, in universities, in manufacturing organization to develop reactor concepts, to develop technology, to develop hardware to develop operating experience. Now what they have not done, they have not directed utilities, nor really funded to a large extent the utility to build the power reactor. So we would say that the A.E.C. to us has stimulated a technology which we will use, butI don't really think that the A.E.C. has directed or guided the utilities. They have built a technology. So with that as a background, I would have to say that we don't recognize or don't see that the A.E.C. is withdrawing something which it didn't have in the first place. And we feel that we all along have been working with the major reactor manufacturers, the major equipment suppliers, and the suppliers of trained technical people, the universities and national laboratories. So could you rephrase your question, and maybe I could answer it a bit better.KB: Oh, I think I understand it more clearly now. 23
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2EC: Okay. Now the A.E.C.--now all of this has been development. Okay? Now there is another aspect which is somewhat in the public concern these days and thatis licensing and regulation of nuclear power. There the A.E.C. has taken a very strong stand and probably always will take a very strong stand. In other words, when a utility decides to build a power reactor, when it contracts with a manufacturer to supply the parts of the reactor, then it performs a safety analysis as part of this contract. It discloses this to the A.E.C. There is a great deal of study by the A.E.C.: the pieces of the reactor, how they're put together, the administrative system it will operate in, how it meshes with the rest. Well, here the A.E.C. has taken strong stands and probably always will. But again, this is not direction. This is looking over the shoulder, this is checking, this is assuring themselves that the participants know what's correct, that the details of the design have been accomplished. But it's not direction.KB: You feel that this role they've taken is necessary and proper?EC: Well, in the big picture, yes. There's no questionabout that. None of the participants 24---?---
 WILLIAM R. WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2WW:EC:questions. What you find is friction over little tiny places, you know, where individua1s or groups say that the A.E.C. goes too far. Or other individuals say that the A.E.C. hasn't gone far enough.They're been too permissive is the other. You get both.Any time you narrow it down enough, you know, so that you can truly examine it, you will find all sorts of opinions. I think though that the people who have a very objective senior management view towards what the A.E.C. has done in the past have been very, very positive in their comments. They believe it's been very worthwhile.I just have a few questions left. One is about your primary source of uranium fuel.Do you mean a company, or a manufacturer, or a location?Or all three?Yeah.I'd have to pass on that. I'll have to supply that detail later. We have a guaranteed fuel contract with Westinghouse and I could not tell you whether Westinghouse gets is from El Dormado (?) Mining, or-- I'm pretty sure that it comes from the U.S., but itKB:EC:WW:KB: EC:25
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2could come from Canada. I would have to check that. KB: I wanted to ask about the breeder reactors.EC: Very good. Now we finally come to my specialty.KB: Good.WW: What, breeding?EC: I have four children. What would you like to knowabout the breeders?KB: Okay. Are they contemplating putting in breederreactors in any of your future plans?EC: No, because our plans are not that detailed. Now, wecould say about this time period we will need a certain block of power. We can say, "Well we have a geographical area here that we own. Put the two together with the low growth and say, "Ah hah! About like 1982 we will need a power station this size and of this general character." Now about like 1976, for example, we'll know that we're going to put it over there, how big it will be, and we'll look around and say, "Okay, in 1982 what will be the choice? And in 1976, we're going to make those choices. Now if you look at the fast-breeder program in the United States, they have yet to build a large demonstrationplant, a plant that is utility size, test reactors, experimental reactors, but none really full sized.26
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2Now the first full-sized demonstration plant probably will be operational about 1978 or '79. So in 1976 when we start making decisions for Point Conception, then I think we'll start evaluating the breeder against the latter part of the water-cooled reactors. So about all I can say, is come back in about six years and we' 11 have a better answer. Yes, we' re keeping aware of it. I'm the one in the company who does this; others also. But no, not at this moment. It's not close enough. And if you ask the same question about other advanced energy conversion techniques, magneto hydrodynamics, thermal electric, coal gasification, fuel cells, they're all further out. Fusion is a good example. They are all in various stages of development and they're all further out than fast breeders. In a nutshell, that's thesituation as we see it.KB: Why was this particular reactor design chosen, thepressurized water instead of the boiling water that other plants used?[WW COMES BACK FROM PHONE I N T E R R U P T I O N ]EC: The question is about fast breeders and the company 27
 WILLIAM R. WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2policy as to why P.W.R. instead of B.W.R. was chosen.WW: Uhhuh.EC: I'm not sure that B.W.R. were seriously evaluated inthis last bidding. I think there has been a very great reluctance on the part of the company with its past environmental picture regarding air to contemplate putting a reactor in this basin with great sensitivity to air pollution. You would be continuously discharging air and have continued low levels of radioactivity, gaseous radioactivity. I think the meteorology is wrong. I think the political situation or the public situation is very poor. So Isuspect that that probably is one of the deciding factors. There might have been cost, data, I don't know. But I would subjectively believe that that's probably the guiding factor. Bill, do you understand--?WW: No, I really don't know. Never heard any discussion on it.EC: It's probably one that I should give you some background on.WW: I 'm sure, though, as you suggest, there were many, many considerations, but I guess what Kathy is really trying to get at is the overriding consideration, if28
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2there was one.EC: And there again, this isn't necessarily true becausedown there it's very isolated. B.W.R.s have been inmore populous places, but I feel it was either--WW: Are there a greater number of B.W.R.s than P.W.R.s today thus far in the fifteen or eighteen, orwhatever it is, operating?EC: No, I think it's running about 60/40. There's about40 percent boilers and 60 percent pressurized. Basically, what happens--there is only one B.W.R. company and there are three P.W.R. companies, but that doesn't mean you can produce three times as fast or three times as many, because they go to the same suppliers for large pumps. They go to the same suppliers for the reactor vessel. The big reactor vessel facilities use a boiling water vessel here and P.W.R. here, and the same suppliers can supply both. So you can have just as many of one as the other. Ithink it's been about 60/40.KB: Well, I think that concludes the questions I camewith. Do you gentlem~n have anything else you wouldlike to offer?WW: Well, I don't have any particular point that occur tome right now, but I would like to give you before you 29
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2leave a nuclear information kit which has a variety of materials in it. You might find a sentence, a thought, or a paragraph that might suggest some follow-up question or that might be helpful in your report. Wouldn't be on tape--in fact, you're welcome to come back. As Dr. Shumway suggested, you might wish to or find it necessary, after going into this, if you find some gaps, things that we forgot, you forgot and didn't sufficiently develop.EC: I will predict that there will be many gaps and she will find them out.WW: Believe me, I don't really pretend to thoroughly understand, you know, the end purpose of this thing. This has been rather superficial. We've hit some high points. In many of the cases, I think you could have spent thirty minutes discussing all of the details of that particular subject. Let me gather together some materials before you go.KB: All right. Thank you.EC: And let me just point to the existence of a source ofvery good documentation. I know you're an oral historian, but if you can't interview a person, the Congressional Record is extremely good. Approximately every fiscal year, there's a set of hearings, and two30
 WILLIAM R. WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2years in advance you get the position of the A.E.C. on how it will spend its money. And people like Admiral [Hyman G. J Rickover, Milton Shaw, the developer of the fast-breeder program, they come in, they present their plans for two years from now. They are discussed in the open. The Congressmen Chet Hawfield and Craig Hessmer from our area are on this committee. And it's a tremendous mine of factual information, and every now and then the program plan is discussed too. Where are we going? Now this is every year like clockwork. Now at odd times there are special hearings, and here are two special hearings that I brought. This is in your area. It's on the ownership of the gaseous diffusion plants, you know, where they enrich the uranium ore. Now here is a current hot, semi-political, semi-technical, semi- economic topic. Who shall own? Shall the government get out of the business of making coffee beans and turn it over to industry? There are a whole set of hearings there on this and you would be well advised to bring this to the attention of whoever is going to be the enrichment specialist or if someone gets involved in environmental effects. Well, in your bailiwick, this is about one half to one third of the31
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2testimony which was produced within the last six months just on environmental effects of power production. So I would suggest that you get in contact with the local .office. Let's see, you're from Fullerton. Is Fullerton in Hawfield's district?WW: No, I don't think so.EC: I don't think so. He's Montebello and parts ofWhittier, I believe. Anyway, I would suggestsomeone--WW: Is Craig Hossmer down that way?EC: Craig's Long Beach. I suggest that someone--perhapsDr. Shumway would be the one to get in contact with Congressman Hossmer or Congressman Hawfield. Be sure it's those two. Well, he should define the purpose of this summer project, and he should ask for an appropriate set of these Joint Cammittee on Atomic E n e r g y ( J . C . A . E . ) p r i n t s . A nd I t h i n k w h e n h e communicates with the J. c. A. E. --prints. And I think when he communicates with the J.C.A.E.--when he communicates the intent of your task force, then they will be most happy to send in this, and you will find it a tremendous source of background information. Tremendous. It cannot be beat. Last, when you have trouble putting little loaded packets all together, I32
 WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2would suggest that you ask for this also. Now what this is is a capsule, a capsule picture of what happened in 1969 to the nuclear industry. And this is written from the A.E.C. viewpoint. But there are contained here things like highlights in the Civilian Power Program, interstate agreements, international activities, total enrichment, processing components, reactors. You'll find radioactivities, the materials processing, plowshare (?) services. Now under services is radioactive waste management. Now that's a big thing. Licensing and regulations. So again, this should be a good source for getting an understanding on how it all fits together. Now you didn't ask us a bit about projections for the future. Now here are our projections future needs. Elsewhere in here there's production capabilities of the ore industry. Let's see, what's that? Well, in any case, this is chock-o-block full of facts and makes darned good background reading. So I'd recommend that those two kinds of things be obtained for your task force as reading material.KB: All right.WW: And what I'm giving you Kathy is a nuclearinformation kit which we give to new-media people, 33
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER # 2reporters, editors, and so on, which we give to city councilmen or people in government at any level, opinion leaders and so on. It has some brochures. And nothing is technically detailed or whatever, as Gene has been mentioning. But there is some pretty good information in there. There's a brochure on the San Onofre plant, for example, and prospective drawing of what the innards of the plant looks like and how the system works and so oh. Probably a lot more than you would want, but by scanning, again as I said earlier, you might pick out some thing that might be helpful. This is very good--oh, Life magazine-size publication title, Infinite Energy, which goes into the whole subject in a way that is understandable to thelayman.EC: If you were one of the male members of the team, weeven had our centerfold.WW: Yeah, we even had our centerfold, that's right. Thathad to do with radiation. She's picking up a certainamount of radiation on the beach there sunning. EC: ---?---WW: But anyway, you may find something of interest in there.KB: Oh, I sure will. I'll return this to you, and thank34
 WILLIAM R . WALKER # 1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2WW:·KB: WW:EC:you very much.W ell, I hope we've been helpful.Oh, yes.But there were two or three questions that we had to leave unanswered. You will follow up on those, Gene? All right, now the question which I have here, and you'11 have to tell me if you want more of if I misunderstood. You asked where do we get uraniumfuel, and you asked why not a B.W.R. instead of P.W.R. Now are there any other things you can think of at the moment?I would like to explore further after I've done my part of the research the waste material and--You mean the disposal of radioactive waste?Yeah.Okay, then let me simply put that down and if you w ill give me an address, I w ill send perhaps a typewritten statement or something like that, and Iwill include a disposition. I will make it two factors: the discharge, which means at the site, discharge of radioactive materials; and I'll say waster disposal which also includes shipment, for storage, burial or re~overy elsewhere.KB:WW: KB: EC:35
      WILLIAM R . WALKER #1 EUGENE M. CRAMER #2WW: Can that be sent directly to you at the school or should it ben sent to Dr. Shumway?KB: Dr. Shumway's office would probably be the best bet. WW: Okay, how do you address that?KB: It would be Cal. State at Fullerton, HistoryDepartment, Dr. Shumway, and it'll find it's waythere.WW: No street address?KB: No, it's on State College Boulevard, but--WW: Okay, is there a zip code that goes with that?KB: 92632WW: All right. And since you're leaving town July 12,which is a Sunday, about a week and a half from now, and we better get that into the mail before next Wednesday for sure.[END OF I N T E R V I E W ]36