     ANDREW RIDDLEGrand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By á John McFarlaneUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-161July 4, 1971Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 4, 1971Tape #1:Paradox Valley.Mining Upsurge.The Yellow Bird and Cashin Mines ..The Depression and Debt ................ 16 Burros and Wild Horses. . 18 Radium and V anadium Boom 23 Ranching and the Stock Market Crash .......... 26 The Uranium Boom ................ 30 Closure of the Mill .................. 34. 1 . . ¥ . 5 ¥ 8
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY JOHN MCFARLANE WITH ANDREW RIDDLE FOR THE SOUTHEAST UTAH ORAL HISTORY PROJECT , URANIUM MINING AT GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO ON JULY 4, 1971 AT 1:30 P.M. [TAPE #1.]JM:AR:JM: AR:JM:AR:Mr. Ri ddle, will you pl ease state your full name, where you were born and your pr esent age .Well, I was born in Fort Collins, Colorado in 1893. I'm 78 years old.When did you first come to Paradox Valley?Well, ---?--- bought a river ranch in Paradox in 1919.Can you remember a little about your first impression of the valley when you first came into it?Well, my first impression of it was in the middle of the night, it was midnight, that's when I arrived here. I was a little tired and I couldn't see anything that night and it was raining in April. So the next morning we got up and looked out and everything was green, which was a welcome sight and there were little ponds of water standing all over. Even some ducks on them. I was right, too. There were ducks out in the field.Now by what means of transportation did you arrive?I was at Salina. I left my car at Salina because there was too much snow. It was cold over at the state divide. We came by a narrow gauge train fromJM: AR:Salina to Placerville. We stayed all night in
 ANDREW RIDDLEPlacerville and the next morning about seven o'clock we took off with a man named stone who had the mail contract. He had a white truck with solid tires behind and pneumatics in front. We went from there through Norwood and down through Coventry and Red Veil and Naturita. At Naturita we changed to kind of a hybrid Ford truck which was chain driven behind. I don't think Ford made the back end, but it was equipment that was fairly common in those days. Then we came on into Paradox on this and it was another solid wheel behind and pneumatics in front. If you made ten miles without that .chain running off you were doing pretty well. We got in Paradox just about midnight. I didn't know it was, concerning the road then, a pretty good day's trip.JM: The distance from Naturita to Paradox is 30 miles.AR: Yeah. And that with being stuck and chains running off and all the things that happened we could almost have made it by team as fast. As matter of fact theroads were just about fit for team. They weren't good enough yet for cars to be dependable. There were very few cars down there. I think maybe there were three or four cars in Paradox at that time. Fred Snyder had one, my father had one, and I think there was one other Ford down there and that was the limit of the2
 ANDREW RIDDLEcars in the valley.JM: Can you remember some of your first impressions of the people you met there at Paradox?AR: Well, the people were all friendly and I think at that time people were closer together. They leaned more on one another than they have to now. If someone was sick the neighbors were all concerned and helpful. If someone died they were even, of course, more concerned and everyone turned out to help dig the graves. We had carpenters who built the caskets and sometimes we'd have a minister and sometimes we wouldn't, but somebody would always, could officiate as a minister. It was a good many years before any bought caskets came into Paradox. I don't mean there hadn't been bought ones before that, but for a good many years I never saw any. They were all made right there and there was no expense to a family who were losing someone, having a death in the family. The neighbors took care of all the arrangements, grave opening and the casket and the whole works was all-- everything was donated. I think they were a pretty fine bunch of people in those days.JM: About how many people were in the area when you came in? How many families?AR: Oh I think we were voting, we had a registered voting 3
 ANDREW RIDDLElist right of around a hundred. But that included the hills all around, you know, from South Creek out as far, more than half way to Naturita, they all came to Paradox to vote, you see. And from Rock Creek they come over the hill and out from Monogram Mesa, that area, the few people out there, the caretakers of the mining properties. They came down to vote, so it was a fairly large voting district.JM: Now what was the chief occupation at this time, of the people in town?AR: Well, the mining boom was over, the radium boom was over and there was some work, mining companies would hire some people to keep up their assessment. There were people who were able to make a living doing this, and then they had caretakers with the mines.There was a caretaker over at the Cashin, there was a caretaker up on the Yellow Bird mine. He looked after the assessment work there. Of course there were people out at the Monogram, the Joe Dandy mine east of Paradox. There were people in Long Park, but there was not mining being done. It was just assessment work. The rest of the employment was concerned with farming and ranching.JM: About what was the size of Bedrock at this time?AR: Oh, Bedrock was bigger than it is today. It had a4
 ANDREW RIDDLEblacksmith shop there, they had a barbershop there in the store, probably did more business in those days, the grocery business then he does today. People were dependent on the stores. They couldn't get in their cars and go out and shop some other place. They hadto shop right there. Someplace they could go with a team and a wagon. So stores were important to them and there was also a post office.JM: Was there much rivalry between the city of, or the town of Bedrock and the town of Paradox?AR: No, I don't think so. Not in the sense of rivalry. Maybe the storekeepers were competitive, but they had a school at Bedrock, they had a school at Paradox and the stores were practically eight miles apart. Eight miles was serious in those days, and I think that was true all over the area. Little places could exist and were proper at that time. You know they were a necessity at that time. When roads got better people could get in the car and go. I think you can go to Naturita now in an hour, go to Nucla and different matters.JM: But at this particular time there was not mining going on at all. When did the mining upsurge come again?AR: Well, there came a demand for vanadium that justified 5
 ANDREW RIDDLEmining again and the process was mostly a salt roast process and the recoveries were not too good, but the price for vanadium was quite low to the miners, about31 cents a pound for the contained vanadium. The milling companies even in those days were getting at least a dollar a pound for vanadium on a refined basis and there was quite a margin between that 31 cents and when you figure that the miner had to stand the transportation to the mill on that crude ore. I think that the margin was rather attractive to the big companies.JM: About what year would you say the mining started to re-surge again?AR: My memory isn't that good. I could find out, but just offhand I wouldn't--JM: You were a young man at this time, and when the mining came back in, did this spark any interest in yourself?AR: Well, when the big companies begin to drop their good claims and they were discouraged and just left the business, we staked the Yellow Bird over on La Sal Creek and with the hopes that someday it would amount to something, that there would be a market. Therewere about 13 odd thousand tons of ore blocked over there at that time. It had been blocked out by the6
 ANDREW RIDDLEcompany that abandoned it and we hung on to that until we ran into the Depression. We were finally able to sell it to a man named Remington who was vice president of the National Tube company for $12,000. He kept it for several years and he had his son out there from Brown University to look after theassessment work. Finally it got too expensive for him. He sold it for $16,000 to Vanadium Corporation of America. So Mr. Eddington was like we were, hung on to it through a lot of lean years and still didn't make a lot of money out of it. When the boom-- originally the Vanadium Corporation shipped ore out of there for vanadium, but when the boom came on and the Manhattan Project, it was a big bonanza for Vanadium Corporation. There was no doubt that they probably produced $1,000,000 from it.JM: Can you remember some of the people in the valley that were related in the mining field, went into mining, went into prospecting or into the actual mining?AR: Well, I think all the people there were, not everybody got into it, but I think all of us were conscious there was a potential thing. The Gramash family was always intensely interested in mining. In fact, the old Radium Cycle was opened by them and it7
 ANDREW RIDDLEproduced a lot of good ore. Then when the boom went flat, they were able to get in again over at Lime Creek. They staked a lot of claims that were owned by the same company that owned the Yellow Bird. When the boom finally came back they did quite well with those claims. Lou Wagoner and George Stocks and Earl Childs and Martin and Gibson who were in the old boom and had the Radium King on Carpenter Ridge hung onto that. Then when the boom came back they were able to sell the Radium King for a pretty good figure to Dr. Lewis from Colorado Springs. They became our partners--Martin and Gibson over in the Yellow Bird. When the Yellow Bird got so burdensome for us during the Depression--we had $900 worth of work to do each year. We gave Martin and Gibson half of the Yellow Bird if they would move over there and live there, and they were a very competent and very conscientious pair of old miners and they stayed there until we sold it.JM: Now were they hard rock miners?AR: They were originally, they came down into this firsturanium boom from T elluride. Gibson had been a mailman in Telluride and Martin was a miner and Martin especially was a very intelligent man. [He was from the] Martin Brothers Grocery Company in Denver8
 ANDREW RIDDLEthat put out Blue Hill Cheese and Blue Hill Coffee. He was one of the two brothers that started that. His health went bad and he had to get out of the store and he went to Lake City to start with. From there he got into Telluride and finally down to the uraniumcountry. But Billy Martin was a very fine man and a very intelligent miner, and George Aires of Bedrock, he was always interested in mining. He was a blacksmith down there and he had worked at the Cashin Copper property and George always had some claims staked and he was protecting them.JM: Now you've mentioned the Cashin Mine, could you relate what you know about history of the Cashin mine?AR: Oh course. The Cashin was operated off and on ever since it was found in the 1890s, but the big boom was over at the Cashin. There was just a caretaker there when we came to Paradox. During World War II the Cashin ran again quite extensively and the ore went to smelter in Utah and they paid them a premium because it had enough silica in it to help them in their fluxing ore there. The ore was hauled by truck from the Cashin to Thompson, Utah and loaded there and shipped on smelter. When that boom was over and copper prices dropped somewhat, why the mine went9
 ANDREW RIDDLEdown again. I think that was the last successful mining interest there. What's going on down there now, I don't know.Now the Cashin was primarily a copper producing mine? Wel1, it was always regarded as a copper mine, butJM: AR:JM:AR:the big values from that mine had always been silver. It always produced more dollars from the silver content than it did from the copper content.Was it a high grade ore that came out, high grade copper ore that came out of the Cashin?Originally it was, it had to be a high grade mine to operate. But during this episode after World War II, I think the ore had about four percent copper. That was good enough to ship, and the native copper in the Cashin I don't think was ever--of course, it was pure copper, I don't think it was ever a factor in the success or the failure of the mine. I think the silver content kept it alive.Can you relate any stories that you have heard or have firsthand information on about how some of the discoveries were made and how some of the mines were picked up over there?Well, supposedly the Cashin itself was discovered by Tom Swain. La Sal Canyon was where Swain weaned his calves, and he saw this fault down there and saw thisJM:AR:10
 ANDREW RIDDLEcopper stain. Tom Swain was a metallurgist and he was thoroughly competent to look at it. In his opinion it wasn't a mine, it was just a big prospect. So he told a friend of his about it and told him to go stake it and he thought there would be quite a boom over it, but he stocked his store in Paradox with a lot of mining equipment, powder and tools and wheelbarrowsand all the things they might need so that when the story exploded Tom was ready to cash in on it. He probably did better out of the Cashin than the fellow who staked it.JM: Have you heard about where the name Cashin came from? The origin of the name?AR: Well, I heard it came from "Cash In" but I believe that it was someone's name, that it was really derived from someone named Cash, and I wouldn't be an authority on how that name came about.JM: Now in other mines you say you laid claim to the Yellow Bird after the big companies had given it up. Now did you just have a feeling about this, or what made you stake the old Yellow Bird?AR: Well, the Yellow Bird was probably one of the sources that--even the Rock Creek mine and the Roger were two high grade properties and they were probably the source of the ore these two French chemists were11
 ANDREW RIDDLEworking on. They had shipped some of it to France to have it identified--and by the way, so had Mr. Swain. He shipped some ore, he couldn't identify it and he was a metallurgist. He had shipped some ore to London to people whom he thought could identify [itJ¥ So this ore in early days before they knew what it was was sort of a mystery, and then the Curies were able to identify the ore later on and she isolated the radium of course. But the Yellow Bird had produced some ore for these Frenchmen they had shipped to France, and so had the Roger over on Rock Creek. So historically, I suspect the Yellow Bird was one of the earliest producers. I don't say it was the earliest, but one of the very early producers of ore that went to France. Evidently, when the Frenchmen left, the Cashin mine had opened up a mill at Slickrock or down below Slickrock. They knew about the existence of that ore, too, at that time.JM: Well, are you saying then because of it's past history that this is the chance you took when you staked these?AR: Well, Jess Summer, who was their caretaker, the old mining country caretaker, they notified him that he would be out of a job. Jess had become a very good friend of ours and he encouraged us to go up and12
 ANDREW RIDDLEstake it, and we were able to help him some financially. He had a little homestead on La Sal Creek that he wanted to hook on, hang onto, and his health was very bad. He had a bad set of miner'slungs and really Jess Summer was the one that encouraged us to stake the Yellow Bird. He wanted us to stake the Lion Creek, but the Yellow Bird was all we wanted to take on--nine claims and it became quite burdensome to keep up that assessment with no income.JM: $900, nine claims equals $900 a year.AR: Yes, had to have $900 worth of work done on them eachyear, and during the Depression that became quite serious. Later on after Martin and Gibson moved to the Yellow Bird, from then on the assessment work was all done with an idea of developing the mine, of developing new ore. We shipped, we sent four hundred sacks of ore to Howard Balsely at Moab during that period but ran about 440 in uranium. It helped pay the bills. Although it cost a dollar a sack to get the ore down from the mine to the road there in LaSal Creek.JM: A dollar a sack?AR: A dollar a sack.JM: Then who did the hauling over to Moab?AR: Well, I don't remember who did the hauling, Howard13
 ANDREW RIDDLEBrynson, Berdenbrynes had a 1ittle pack of burros. They packed the ore down for us and piled it up along the roads so we could haul it to Moab with a truck.JM: And this is still over pretty rough roads?AR: Well, this trail was just almost straight up. It is just about like a cow's face. We sold one shipment of ore to Shaddack Chemical Company in Denver at that time and I can't remember, two brothers at Nucla sampled the ore and sent the sample into Denver. Shaddack accepted that as an assay for the ore afterthey'd examined it and they advanced the payment before we shipped. I mean, their representatives there, and maybe in a minute those two boys' names will come to me because they were professional ore buyers for Shaddack Chemical Company.JM: Now when you sold your ore at what time did you give up your ownership after, to come down off the hill and go to the road, or was it after it got to the mill?AR: Shaddack settled with us. We turned our ore over to their representative but they held it until we were paid for it. They held it at Nucla. The ore that Balsely bought was settled for after it got to Pittsburgh, and that wasn't always too satisfactory.We never felt that it was satisfactory to Howard or 14
 ANDREW RIDDLEto us, either one. We were always sympathetic to Howard because he was trying to promote a market and we never felt that Vitro was too generous with theirsettlement either in weights or in assays.JM: At this time could you have asked for a referee onthe analysis of the ore?AR: We always had a state law in Colorado protecting theminer and the few ones that go through all the technicalities you could have a referee. I don't know whether that old law was as old as mining in Colorado to protect old gold and silver miners. But when you get your ore out of your hands, you've lost the good hold you had on it.JM: What type of an agreement did you have with Mr. Balsely? Did you have just a handshake or written agreement that was spelled out?AR: Pretty much a handshake agreement. As far as Howard was concerned we weren't ever too close to him. We wrote a lot of correspondence between Vitro and him where he was arguing for us and they were disagreeing with him as well as with us, in sacking this ore at the mine. We'd just take, grab samples out of each sack and throw it in the box. Then we would have that assay and while that wasn't--we had an idea what that ore should run because we weren't trying to kid15
 ANDREW RIDDLEourselves and we certainly weren't taking--we were just reaching a handful in the sack and grabbing a handful of ore. That was a sample of that sack while they were looking at the ore.JM: Was this your sole means of support at this point?AR: Oh no, we were ranching, farming, but that wasn't possible either during the Depression, so nothing was going too well during the Depression. We were losing money on the ranch, we were losing money mining. It wasn't any better in Paradox during that Depressionthan it was any other place.JM: Were these stores, particularly these two stores bothin Bedrock and Paradox, particularly important duringthis period? AR: W ell--JM: Would they extend you a credit that you wouldn't have gotten?AR: Well--no. We had, we were always--we'd come over to that area from Fort Collins and we had adequate credit at the banks in Fort Collins all through this period, but when you didn't know how in the world youwere going to pay the bank back you weren't very lavish with getting in debt. When my father died in 1936 we owed the bank quite a little money, but we had a crop failure in the East and a very short corn16
 ANDREW RIDDLEcrop. We had a lot of corn in Paradox and we sent out about 200 steers until they were fat and shipped them in 1936, which put us out of debt and as a matter of fact we made a pretty good profit on that operation. But from 1929 when the big crash came until 1936 it was all downhill pull for farming and ranching and mining. Every year we were always behind some, but going back to did we extend credit--the storesthemselves were not in a position to extend a lot of credit. They were small stores and the people that owned them were of moderate means and it wasn't--I think theyá were keeping pretty close track on--they had to know how they were going to get their money back. If they did know they'd try to extend credit to the people.JM: Did the owners of the stores to your knowledge ever accept an interest in a claim as a settlement for a bill?AR: Not to my knowledge. Not to my knowledge. I wouldn't say they didn't, but then I don't remember of either storekeeper coming up to the mining claims and when things go so they couldn't realize a profit on it.Well, they might have accepted. When they could sell high grade ore they might have accepted a few sacks of high grade ore. I 'm not sure about that, but I17
 ANDREW RIDDLEdon't think even that. I don't think they had a way to get rid of it.JM: You say your ore was brought down from the mine by burros. Can you remember any stories about the burros or any peculiarity about your ore being hauled down the hill by the burros?AR: Well, Howard Grimes was an old pioneer in Paradox and they just picked these burros up, wild burros in east Paradox. They made their own packs out of--and the rigging was mainly out of old belting. There wasn't much leather to it and we were able to, of course, furnish grain for the burros and hay for the burros as we were farming. It was quite a struggle for the Grimes to get that ore down there. The burros were green, raw and small, some of them, and they had a torn sack--it was too bad. You didn't want that to happen. The sacks were cement sacks, Portland Cement sacks. We had to pay ten cents apiece for those and they were--had all been washed and they came from lumberyards or some place that sold cement. They'd check them out and get them washed and bale them up. I think there were 50 in the bale, and that's a sack.JM: About how many mules did you have in operation in one train coming down the mountain?AR: I think they had ten or fifteen, which wasn't a big 18
 ANDREW RIDDLEtrain but was about all they could handle. That ore had to be roped on and just tied it on the rope.JM: Each mule could carry approximately how many? Two sacks?AR: Well, some big boys they could put three sacks [on]. Most of them and some of the little burros only had one sack right on top.JM: About how long did a trip from your mine down to the road take?AR: Well, it was probably about a mile and a half up there, a mile and a quarter. It was real steep. The change in elevation was probably two thousand feet and it was a rugged place to bring the ore down, I'll tell you. You could zigzag down that mountainside. Later on when the Vanadium Corporation built it they built a road from there clear around that came out just below the lower La Sal Ranch and came around almost on the level. They were able to operate with trucks right from the word go when they went mining. They built the road first and they never packed any ore off of that hill. In fact, we were the last people that packed any ore down that trail, that had it packed. But you want to remember that was a small job compared to Radger. They packed ore across Rock Creek from the Radger down to Rock Creek and up the19
 ANDREW RIDDLEold Grizzly Jack Trail and across Carpenter Ridge. Then from the top of Carpenter Ridge down in Paradox,[they] piled it up there. Then when they got their car loaded they hauled it to Paradox by team, from Paradox to Placerville by team, and that was a real frightening job. That was, but there was no road out of Rock Creek they could haul that ore on, see. The closest way was to come into Paradox with it. Jack Manning packed many a carload with ore; he had it packed from that ranch in Paradox where he had a little farm. The place we call the Manning place, that's where he lives and that's where he piled up.JM: You know in this packing, using the burros, what became of the burros? Were they just turned loose when this was over?AR: Very much. ofá course when the Bureau of Land Management came in with the Taylor Grazing Act and began to take over 1934; began to take over the public domain and establish grazing rights, the first thing they [were] ever concerned about was the number of wild burros we had in the area. East Paradox was full of wild burros. They were out there year-round and they finally got so numerous that they were amenace to the range. That was a poor grazing area compared to some of the other areas like Uncompahgre20
 ANDREW RIDDLEon the old food ranch. They got so numerous they killed 600 burros over there in one year. They would drift to the high country and drift back to the low country, see, in the wintertime. East Paradox was all low country, and the burros were just too numerousfor that kind of support. That's why there are three, four, or five hundred burros in East Paradox but those burros--it was one of their early industries in Paradox. We had John Mancos and Karl Acres whose business was to bring stock down from Telluride, to winter them in this low country. In the spring when the grass got--when the snow went away up in the high country, they'd take that stock back. Mining, whenever mining was slack, abandoned down there, no matter whether it was gold mining, silver mining or uranium mining, when the uranium boom came in there were a lot of Telluride pack animals abandoned all raised in that country, you know. This story about wild horses being of Spanish origin and all these things that you hear, that's in somebody's mind's eye. The Spaniards didn't abandon them, the Indians didn't abandon them. White people abandoned them.JM: Now did you have to take any special means of controlling these animals when they got to be a menace?21
 ANDREW RIDDLEAR: We never did because--Ed Lambder was killing someburros and using them for fish food a long time before the grazing service came in. He was the big user of--he was the big man, cattle man in East Paradox, and burros were of concern to him. Later on two fellows got a market for burro hides. They killed a lot of burros for the hides, and then when the grazing service came in they looked the range over and they were seriously concerned about animals that 12 months of the year were just eating everyday. [They were] of no value to them or to anybody else and getting thicker by the year. Something had to be done. The wild horse business was the same way. We had herds of wild horses wherever they could live, you know, they'd just been abandoned and they multiplied. 34 years and there were just little patches of--we had wild horses in East Paradox and we had them on Ray Mesa, we had them on Monogram Mesa. We had horses everyplace as well as those burros. You know, the agitation we have now about wild horses, we don't have many of them left. Maybe some of them should be protected, but don't get confused about them being of Spanish origin, that they date clear back to the days of the Spaniards. I think that'spretty farfetched.22
 ANDREW RIDDLEJM: Do you think there are any of the wild burros leftnow? You say there are some horses left. Do you thinkthere any of the wild burros left?AR: There could be, but I wouldn't say that I know wherethere are any. I think they were so much easier to get rid of than a horse. They couldn't run as fast or didn't run as fast. All the people that hunted them said they were harder to kill than nails. They took more lead to kill than a nail. Took more lead to kill a burro than it did a nail.JM: Now you knew Paradox before the uranium boom and after the uranium boom. Now could you comment a little bit on Paradox before and during and then after the uranium boom, the difference it made in the town and the people itself?AR: There's no doubt, the boom in 1916 and in the teens was radium. The whole area was prosperous, lots of money and there were lots of people. Most of that mining was hand labor, very little equipment, a lot of hand steel being used, jackhammers and/or hand hammers, and it took a lot of people to do that mining. It took people to go out in these mines that were dry. Water had to be packed in and we had a good tin shop in Nucla. The big work was making pack cans made out of heavy-gauge galvanized metal that had23
 ANDREW RIDDLErings so you could tie them on. Everyplace you went you'd see those cans. They held about five gallons. They were flat, had a nice lid on top that slipped over so the water wouldn't spill out, and I think the man's name who made those cans was Nitche and he was a master tinner. He was a good one. So when you have a team pack drinking water to a mine, and that was-- very few mines had water. That's the way they got their water. There were no roads to them and they went up there on pack mules' back or burros' back. Ittook a lot of people to operate a mine and not many- --?--- and then die up there. You know during the radium boom a sack of ore, good ore would bring $100. It was worth a dollar a pound.That ore was shipped, it either went to Standard Chemical Company in Pittsburgh or Radium Alumnus Company, or Radium Company of Colorado, (which] they had in Denver, and United States Radium Company who got in trouble over the women getting cancer from checking those brushes, radioactive ----?--- later went to Georgetown. He was probably the biggest independett buyer of ore in the whole area. He bought, while all the big companies were allThat's right from the mine?JM:AR: No, it would have to be delivered. There was no mail.24
 ANDREW RIDDLEcompeting with one another they were also competing with Byrell Willmouth. His ore went to France and one thing they found out you know, when we got involvedin World War I we almost adopted, we abandoned our three-inch guns and adopted the French 75. They all had vanadium steel barrels in them, and no doubt a lot of those came right off the Colorado Plateau. When the war was over Ford began to use vanadium steel in his cars, so we found out what vanadium was good for anyway.JM: Now you say it took a lot of people to support the mines, and the mines then were supporting the economy of the valley, entering the radium boom?AR: Well, outside the farming and ranching that was going on~ but the area, Nucla, Naturita had a full---?--- uranium, and there was people everyplace. It didn't equal this last boom in numbers of people because it didn't have the publicity that--but when the Manhattan Project came in and the bomb exploded in Japan we were on our way to the big boom which lasted.JM: Well, after this radium boom and the economy then collapsed, how was the economy just before, just before the fall of 1929, just before the Depression?Were times tough by that time already? 25
 ANDREW RIDDLEAR: Times were fairly tough. Wages were low and somepeople were--cattle business had been fairly good. [From] the end of World War I up until 1929 I had seven loads of cattle [taken] to Kansas City and [the stock market] blew up. We arrived in Kansas City onFriday and put them in a feed lot at Prospect Park. I went into the yards and pulled and told John Claim company that the cattle were out there. They said, "All right," and they fumbled their order, and we bring them in Monday morning so they would be ten miles out of Kansas City feed yard. Monday morning they called up, this stock market had blown up and they said they didn't want any cattle, [it wouldn't] bring anything. We never brought those cattle. By Wednesday everything was completely demoralized. They couldn't arrive, the cattle they had in the yards couldn't arrive at any value one or the other. I brought them in Wednesday morning and my cattle were sold that day and I wasn't feeling very good about it, but a lot lower than we left home with them. Before the week was out I was happy as I could be. Those cattle everyday just broke and they just kept breaking from then on until the cow was only worth $20 and you had to pay the freight on her to get her out. I wondered what went wrong during that26
 ANDREW RIDDLEbig break. Every little guy that was working for wages was dabbling in the stock market. It didn't make any difference whether he was a barber or a shoeshine boy, he had some stock of some kind and it had been a pyramid operation. The stocks had just gone up from the end of World War I until then. Anything you bought would have made money, and whenit blew up it was a pretty big bubble that broke and you know what it did, it caught a lot of people owing money, with nothing to pay it with and it--if something like that happened to us now with all our car payments, our home purchase payments, appliances, home appliance payment and all with the credit-- credit in those days isn't like it is, we didn't have those sort of things, you know, set-up, time payment things. You can imagine what would have happened if suddenly all this thing would quit.JM: Now this, the Crash in '29 then, the people in Paradox Valley and in this area, this whole area were caught the same as everybody else in the whole country and things were--AR: Except in Paradox people weren't playing the stock market, but when a value of a cow went from say seventy-five or eighty dollars to twenty dollars it was a serious matter for us because we still--and a27
 ANDREW RIDDLEbig expense, we were six days from a railroad if we drove them. It took six days to go to Placerville, and those cattle were shrinking every day on theroad, so we had to go out in the wintertime with them. You couldn't make that hot drive during hot weather. For one thing there was no water across East Paradox and we had to have snow out there for one nice dry climate. We needed the cold weather to help the cattle survive it seemed. We didn't dare let them drink at Dry Creek because that was alkaline. We had to take them to the river below Naturita to water them, so it was from the River Bedrock to the river below Naturita, see. We needed cold weather to take those cattle out, and then you paid your freight and you got to the market---?--- you earned 20 dollars. Another thing a lot of people have forgotten about the cow business: all during the World War II we had a fixed price on Feeder steers at $13 a quart, and we had to deliver those, too. We weren't allowed to make any money out of cattle until after World War II was over. Then they turned the market loose and the cattle prices came up, but the government for our area, the price of feeder cattle to a market was $13.25.JM: Were there ever any plans or any thoughts of getting28
 ANDREW RIDDLEa railroad into Paradox?AR: ---?--- narrow gauge railroad we were having such a bad time even coming as far as Placerville. There was some problem sometimes when the railroad might be possible following the river, but we never hadanything to justify it. If the oil had materialized or some of the salt products had materialized--but even with, after they found in potash in Paradox in mineable quantities, which they did, the marketing of it was--it's a thing worth maybe four or five dollars a sack. By the time you got that to a railroad and then they shipped it to an area where they needed it- -and where they need potash is in heavy rainfall areas--the market is quite a ways from the marketing of it but they've leached it out of country. The market is quite a ways from--and that's one of the things that's been bothering Texas, Texas Zinc(?) of Moab, they're fighting the freight. I went back in Missouri and they had a carload of Moab potash and a fertilizer plant there. They said, "Well, we like the product, but we won't be able to buy any more because we can buy it by 75 cents to a hundred cheaper out of Canada, you know." Some day that whole area will be a big producer of potash because they have a big bed within mineable depth, but they'll probably dissolve29
 ANDREW RIDDLEit and pump that to the railroad in a pipe and then have it transferred to--JM: While we've been talking here we've said most everything going out of the valley down through Naturita. Was much taken out of La Sal and into Moab that way?AR: Very 1ittle, because the road into La Sal was not built until the Atomic Energy Commission upped the money for it. The road into Paradox, the road into Norwood into Uravan and to Paradox was all built with the help of the Atomic Energy [Commision]. They put the blacktop on and those were really accessible mine roads. You can't imagine the crude roads between La Sal, Utah and Paradox that existed before the Atomic Energy came and built that road through. That's all been since World War II, you know.JM: Well, when the last uranium boom came just after the Manhattan Project went out, can you comment a little bit upon what the difference it made to Paradox and the valley? We talked a little bit about over into Utah.AR: Well, of course, one thing as soon as it became publicized that it needed uranium there was a mad stampede that equalled the gold rush all over the country. Big companies, little companies, fly-by-30
 ANDREW RIDDLEnight companies that just wanted mining claims to sell stock off of, and every kind of an operation that you ever heard of started. Probably all over the Plateau, Utah, and I can't say that as far as stores,just two stores invested in the valley the same as they always did. I can't say it meant a tremendous lot to those two stores, but there was money again, there was work again. And there were--if you had even a little prospect you could sell it. Our family had 26 families on the Red Desert on the north side of the valley and we had a little stain over there in the Red Desert at about the same horizon that Steen found his ore in. Well, we were just beseeched with buyers. I mean they were falling all over themselves to--we did a little drilling when we could afford to drill on them and we couldn't make up our minds if we had anything much. We drilled in back of this stain but we got a little--in each one of the holes we got a little reading and dropped our counter down the hole. We were able to sell those claims, 26 claims for $80,000. We had $40,000 down and it didn't amount--there were thirteen of us involved I think, and while it didn't amount to a lot for anyone it was an exciting time, of course when they really drilled it. They didn't find any more than we did and it31
 ANDREW RIDDLEnever developed into a mine. Then we went into a contract with H.L. Hunt Company, the oil man in Texas and we staked 280 claims for him. They paid _ us a hundred dollars for each claim we staked and they were to do the assessment work, the location work. We were to get, I think, [if they] discovered any ore we were to get a 10% override and royalty when we completed the staking and they took it over and accepted it. They moved a bulldozer in to do the locational work. They moved six diamond drill rigsinto the area and they spent a tremendous amount. The only ore they hit on all that drilling was right in Paradox, and do you know where that spring is? Just about 50 feet from that spring they hit a hole of 600 feet of high grade uranium right there and went--water just ran out, and there are three holes right in that, right along below the spring, down the creek from the spring, that had ore in it. Whoever mines that if they ever do mine that is going to get a shower bath out of it. It's down there six hundred feet, and there's water running right out of everything. That spring there, I've filed on that.JM: Is that your son Bob that filed on the spring?AR: Yeah, he filed on that spring for a water right, and because Hunt Oil developed it on our mining claim,32
 ANDREW RIDDLEsee--that went quite a little head of water when it was first drilled. Everybody came along through a rock in that hole, so it's full of rocks now and still running a lot of water.JM: Does Bob have any right to the water there now?AR: Well, he should have. He proved up, he filed on it with a state engineer and he had the proper survey onJM:it and all. I don't know why the water shouldn't be his. Someday it might be profitable for domestic water because it's clean and pure, but you know a lot of people have taken a drink there and each one of them have made a 1ittle utility of it, so I don't think you could--that's the way you establish a water right if you use it.Is Bob using any of this for the cattle business, forhis cattle up in the--?AR: No, that isn't on his range. His range starts there.When you go through that cattleguard look out--but you know, that Manhattan Project I think you read about our tailings problem over here in Grand Junction. Well, when the Manhattan people came in the government I was the Army. They set up the mill right across from Uravan and they started hauling those tailings from Uravan to Naturita down there. The companies had taken the vanadium out of it. The33
 ANDREW RIDDLEsands, the tailing sands all had the uranium in them so they put that ore, that sand through a leaching process there. When they got through with them they just pumped them in the river, the United States government put it down the river, and all of them that had been worked on in Naturita they hauled those down there; the government leased those out and pumped that in the river. So [that's a] little contamination along the Colorado River that we never hear anything about. They seem to do pretty well in Lake Mead and they seem to do pretty well in Lake Powell. I've wondered how much concern we should have over this. I have two sand daughters in my flower bed and reap pretty well.JM: Do you remember when they had the mill at Naturita and when they had the mill at Uravan? In your opinion, what did the closing of the mill at Naturita do to the economy of the valley?AR: Well, it was quite a blow up to everyone. Not that it was a buyer of ore much. They hadn't--I was especially--Schuller, Harry Schuller who designed that mill and promoted it and almost all the people who put up the money for that rare metals mill were from Colorado State University, are professors upthere. Harry Hughes, you know, ---?--- had a34
 ANDREW RIDDLEmechanical engineering department [that] put up quite a lot of money. Harry Demitt who ran the campus shop across from the college put up quite a lot of money. Half the professors at Colorado State University wereinvolved money-wise in that rare metals mill. Well, when they were able to, they had the mines, they had a source of ore developed and they had a plan for the mill. They went to Vanadium Corporation and borrowed enough money to buy the mill and mortgaged everything they had to the Vanadium Corporation to start, you see. By the time the mill was built it had almost no money left. They didn't borrow enough money from the Vanadium Corporation say for a year's operation. The Vanadium Corporation was the sole buyer of their ore, of their--[END OF T APE AND INTER VIEW]35