       University of Utah Marriott Library Manuscnpts DIVISionAccn 2070Savmg the Legacy Oral History ProJectSoren Barrett
 SOREN BARRETT Salt Lake City, UtahAn Interview By Luke KellyJuly 18, 2001 American West CenterSAVING THE LEGACY: An Oral History of Utah's World War II VeteransTape No. SL-268Fort Douglas Museum andMarriott Library, Special Collections Department University of UtabSalt Lake City, Utah
  THIS INTERVIEW IS FOR SAVING THE LEGACY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TODAY IS JULY 18TH, 2001. TODAY I AM INTERVIEWING SOREN BARRETT, AND HE WILL FILL US IN ON HIS LIFE.LUK: Well, the first question Is when and where were you born?SOR: I was born In what they call the South Cottonwoods, or It would be Murray, Utah December 16, 1919 My father was John T Barrett, and my mother was Louise Dahl Barrett. They had a sinall dairy farm-somewhere around fourteen to fifteen cows-and we, as children, learned to work early My chores, as I remeinber them, was to bnng coal and wood Into the house when I could hardly lift the coal bucket.And from there I learned to milk cows shortly after starting school. Now, I wenttoWoodstock before there was a Woodstock. There was a Woodstock school. And It had from one to ninth grades at the time. It was a three-story building located on 13th East near Vine Street. The new school you wouldn't recognize as the one that I attended.I participated In the vanous childhood games of the day- marbles, ball, soccer, and vanous other activities. We had two recesses and a noon hour I remember that. There's nothing else of any real outstanding memones other than I did quite well In school. I was usually In the upper part of the class.The JUnior high school I attended was Irving Junior High School In Holladay It's now known as Olympus Junior High School. And I went through the 7th to 9th grades there. Agmn, I participated In the activities most young n1en do Then I played on the baseball team, and basketball temn. And I was somewhat lnnited In what I could do1
  SOREN BARRETTJuly 18, 2001because of the chores that had to be done at home. I had to be home for milking night and morning.LUK: Did you have any brothers or sisters to help you?SOR: Yes. To fill In our family there were eight children. There were five boys, two brothers older than myself, and three sisters older than myself. There were two brothers younger than myself. We all participated In the work that had to be done. We rmsed our own feed and grmn, and had our own garden for the hon1e, as was the case With most fmnihes In those days. Work was frmn early Inorning until late at night mmnly Not that we didn't have some spare tunes. We even btult our own swinlming pool In our pasture andLUK: Wow!SOR: And spent son1e nice hours there with fnends. And It was part ofthe old spnng runs. Now there IS nothing but houses In the area. I recall a rather mnusing anecdote told by one of the neighbor's boys when they asked hun at the end of the day If he was tired. He said, "When I was walking home my shoelaces were flipping dust In Iny eyes." So, that Indicates about how we worked In those days.After JUnior high school I went to Granite High School. There, I was not able to partiCipate In any of the sports actiVIties, except 1n gyn1 classes, because of chores at hoine. It was JUSt too far away from hon1e. I couldn't get to and fron1 school and have time to milk the cows. It was about SIX miles.L UK: Did you walk It?2
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001 SOR: No, we had a school bus that would take you there. But, of course, It left nghtafterschool. So,Ifyoudidn'thaveameanstogethome,why,Itwouldhavebeena matterofprobablyanhourandahalftogethome. Andthatwouldbetoolateforthe evening chores. So, like I say, I loved sports, and I will say that I was pretty good at basketball particularly I couldn't participate In It. I could stay With any of our team members in our gym classes. The team won the state championship twice while I was there, and they weren't a bad team eitherI did quite well, again, In high school. I guess I n1ay have been about the third ranking boy In the school as far as grades went. I liked mathematics. I decided at that time that I would like to get a degree In engineenng, although I didn't know what n1eans I would use to pay to go to college. I worked In the surmners for the neighbors, and earned some money there; but, again, was restncted as to what activities I could participate In because of the work that had to be done at home. Two older brothers by then had left and were working away, so I was the oldest brother at home.I reinen1ber one class that we had as freshman at the university, a drafting class. And I won't even give the woman's nan1e. But It was reputed, and she almost adnutted to It, that that class was to eliminate engineers, or those aspinng engineers. And she did a goodJObofIt. ThefirstquarteryouwentInthereyoucouldn'tfindadeskItwasso crowded. Byspnngquarteryou'dhaveyourchoiceofanydeskInthewholeroo111 because most would be engineers were all gone.I do remember an Interesting fellow at that tin1e, and the university may have a3
   SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001record of lum. His name was Vernon King, a gentus tf ever I saw one In my life. He was not good In JUSt one subject, but in everything. But the class bored htm so because It was so easy-It was descnptive geometry-that he'd read comic books In the class. And she would see htm dotng thts and ask htm the question, "Vernon"-and then she'd ask the question. And, of course, he wouldn't hear it. He was readtng. He'd hear hts name, and then he'd say, "Would you repeat the question?" And she'd just look down In her book and tnake a little mark agatnst htm.And some of us came on htm In the engineers' library Now, these days, why, they'd have the young man InJatl, I guess, for thts. But he was down in the stacks tn the library, muttenng to htmself, and worlong over a paper And we satd, "Vernon, what are you dotng?" He satd, "I'm plotting the perfect crnne." I satd, "Oh, no, who's gotng to be the vtct1n1." He satd, "[the Instructor's name]." And he was about halfway senous about It.Another tndtcation of hts bnlliance was the Doctor of chemistry that taught quantitative analysts and chetnistry Vernon would correct htm sometimes, much to hts chagnn. Vernon could never get a hundred on hts tests. The Instructor would mark hnn down 5% for neatness. So these are son1e ofthe little thtngs I remember in college that, to me, were a little amusing at the time.I remember the heat engine's class, and how I was sweating over the thtng. I thought I was In the wrong class when I first opened the test. But Vernon was In the class, unfortunately, agatn. And after about an hour he gets up and takes hts paper up to4
   SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001the Instructor who said, "Are you through Vernon?" He said, "Yes." The teacher smd, "Are they all right?" "Yes," he says and he walks out. And they were. In this chemistry class the Instructor would get very, very despondent If the class average went above twenty-five percent out of a possible hundred.And If It got up around thuty percent he thought It was too easy Vernon was coming up with ninety-fives, and only because he'd mark him down 5% for neatness.I would have completed my engineenng course, I think, fauly easily In the four years because I was taking eighteen and nineteen hours besides reading papers for math classes. That'sthewayIwaspayingmywaythroughschool. So,Istartedoutasa freshman reading college algebra and tng papers. And the last two years that I was there I readcalcpapers. ThiswasthewayIwasJUStabletogetenoughmoneytopaymytuition and get through school. Then the last two years, of course, you also got a small amount from the an11y for taking ROTC. But with the extra classes, and the anny, I JUSt couldn't get enough hours In, so I had about two quarters left when I was called to active duty In '42.LUK: What got you to JOin up with the ROTC?SOR: I guess you Inight say that my older brother and I both anticipated that this war was coming. To me, and to him, the handwriting was on the wall that sooner or later we were gomg to be In a warLUK: So you were closely following the developments over In Europe?SOR: Oh, yes. You could see what was shaping up. You see-of course, England finally5
   SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001got Into It earlier than we did, and yet we weren't In It yet. And, of course, on the 7th of December of '41 , why the Pearl Harbor event happened. I was In my senior year of ROTC, so they wouldn't draft me then because I was that close to getting commissioned. But as soon as the end of the quarter came In June I was Iminediately taken Into the service, In the artilleryLUK: Tell me a little bit about your ROTC tran1Ing. What did you have to do? Callisthenics, or ?SOR: Well, we were trmned In the basics of field artillery finng which, agmn, Involved some grasp of your mathematics and calculation of ranges and deflections to targets, this kind of thing. I didn't know how little we had learned until I got actually at the field artillery school. But that's what we learned. And then It was horse artillery at the time.And some of us farm boys that had been rmsed on horses, why, had a lot of advantage over the poor fellows from the City because-and they'd bnng those polo ponies InoffofthesummerrangeIntheFall. TheywereJUStalittleskittishwhenyou'dtryto Inount them. I remember the sergeant grabbing the nose of the one that I was going to mount. And he said, "Get your foot In the sturup." As soon as I had my foot In the stirrup he let go And, boy, I was on the horse for a while. But someone without expenence would have probably been on the ground because that horse took off Immediately when you hit the saddle. But I could handle It. I'd learned howLUK: Did you get to choose field artillery as your ?SOR: It was totally ROTC we had at the university at that time. So there was no other6
     SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001choice. I found later that had I finished my schooling without ROTC I could have got a commission In the engineer's corps In the army; the same commission. But I didn't know that at the time that I started out. And we didn't find that out until such time as we were finishing up our ROTC.LUK: Before we go to the wartime expenences for you. You were growing up In the midstofthegreatdepression. HowbadlydidItaffectyourfamily?SOR: We didn't know there was a depression. You see, as I said, we grew our own gardens. And you put away enough for winter In other words, you'd grow enough potatoes. You'd have a potato cellar to put potatoes In. The Saine with carrots. So that was your vegetables dunng the winter, pnmarily And then milk from the cows, of course, we had. And then the wheat you grew yourself. And what we would do IS exchange wheat for flour, so you could have flour to Inake bread With. And we had our own chickens, and you had eggs. You would slaughter a pig, or a cow, or a heifer, to have meat In the wintertime-mainly then because It would keepIn the summertime there was no such thing as a refngerator, so a lot of people had Iceboxes. But I don't remember that we ever had one We would cool anything we had In a vat of well water We had artesian wells to furnish water on the farm, as well as an Irrigation ditch for watenng the fields.So, as I said- and like I've heard a lot of people say- why you didn't know you were poor until you got out In the world and people told you that you were poor We had enough Income so that you could buy the clothes that you needed for your farm work, and7
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001then have one best that you would wear on Sundays or special occasions.LUK: It sounded like you were probably n1uch better off than people who hved In the city because you've got your own food andSOR: I'm sure we were because they would be dependent much more for a food supply at least than we would have been.L UK: Did you Inake enough that, not only could you trade wheat, but could you sell other things off for extra n1come?SOR: Yes. I remember my dad taking an old Model-T Ford loaded down with corn to sell. We'd ralse sweet corn, see. And, well you'd just have sacks and that stacked on the car that he would take to the grocery stores and sell In exchange for, agaln, food for thehouse that you couldn't ralse on the place.LUK: Well, Inoving back to the 40's. One of the questions I ask IS where were you on December 7th, 1941?SOR: I was hoine. It was a Sunday I remember It. And we had a small radio that was on when the announcement came.LUK: And did you expect It?SOR: It wasn't a real surpnse, noLUK: But from the Japanese, or ?SOR: I guess you might say, yes, the actual day would be a surpnse. But the fact that It was going to happen was no surpnse.LUK: So you graduated In June of 1942?8
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001 SOR: Right, from ROTC, but not from school.LUK: And you Immediately went Into the artillery corps.SOR: And was sent to Camp Roberts In California. From there we were supposed to have gone to the Pacific. But JUSt as our group got there from the university, a freeze came on for some reason. We didn't know why And there was JUSt kind of a, you'd almost say a stalemate, of what are we going to do With these fellows? They didn't want to ship us over to the Pacific. We went through some trmning on the guns there at Roberts, but It was so hot.I remember a colonel from the war in Afnca there. He said, "Boy, If the temperature had been like his over there we couldn't have stood It." We had one day, I think they smd, that the outside temperature was 130 And the guns were so hot you couldn't put your hand on the metal at all. So we started our training at about three In the morning, and we'd finish up at about eleven. And then the rest of the day we sat In a hot barracks. There was no au conditioning In those days. We were instructed to take our salt tablets for the heat.LUK: Going to Camp Roberts, was this your first tlme outside of Utah for ?SOR: Oh, no No, I'd been out. Well, actually, we'd been to swnmer camp first. You see, In your JUnior year they send you to suinmer camp for the ROTC. We went to Fort Ord then for that. That was up near Monterey In California. We were stlll training with the horses. We did have some trucks, but we stlll had the horses at this camp, tooBut when I went to Can1p Roberts after-we'd spent the suminer there In late9
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001August-or soinewhere along In there, they decided to send us all to Fort Sill to battery officer school. And, so, the group of us then at Roberts were sent to Fort Sill where we, agmn, went through a fmrly Intensive course of conducting field exercises with the artillery And we did everything from dnve the vehicles to marching to putting the guns In place; conducting finng of the guns, both as an observer and as actually working In the gun positions.And there was quite a difference from that than when we went to our summer camp I remember At summer camp at Fort Oro, when they fired the gun, they had the big bulkhead of sandbags around It, and you couldn't get H1Side where the gun was. They had a long lanyard to reach outside the barner To fire the gun at Fort Sill, why you were nght next to the gun while It's finng. And It was a whole different expenence.We were there for about, I guess, nearly three months. About the first part of December we finished our school there, and then were given some leave I remember, and went hoine for-near the Christmas hohdays that yearAnd then we were assigned to school troops there at the school. Agmn, no coinbat duty And I don't know just why, but some of us from the university, myself Included, were assigned to the school troops that did the finng for all of the classes that cmne through there. And we even did demonstration finng for son1e ofthe big wheels that would come out from Washington.I remember a hundred gun exercise one weekend we did for them where you survey In all of the guns, and then you have one gun that registers for everybody And10
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001because they tie 1t 1n w1th this survey, why then once he has established the target, you can make a sh1ft and an elevation w1th the rest of the guns so that they're all finng nght 1n that area. They were quite a s1ght to see.LUK: I can beheve It.SOR: A hundred of those all the way from 155 mn1 guns down to 75's.LUK: Yes. I was going to ask you. What type of guns were you tran11ng with?SOR: We trmned w1th a 75 lUlU cannon, w1th a 105 Howitzer, and a 105gun, and the 155 The 155 I d1dn't have a lot of expenence w1th. They d1dn't fire them a lot. They were pretty expensive. In fact, they put such a cnmp on ammunition. At one time they went to old World War I shrapnel shells. And they pretty near wrecked the guns because 1t had been shipped back and forth so 1uany times that the powder had disintegrated,and1twaslikeblackpowderInthere. Whenyoufiredthatcam1onthe recoil could not compensate for the explosion, and the gun would come nght back up and almost stand on the tralls. After about four rounds I JUSt called those In con1n1and andtold them we couldn't fire anymore. I was the executive officer of the battery And, so, we d1dn't fire that am1uun1tion. I don't know what they d1d w1th It to get nd of 1t. But we d1dn't fire It. It would have ruined the guns.I think the expenence I had ofbe1ng the coldest I ever was 1n my hfe was at Fort Slll. Wewereouttofireforaclassandth1swastheonlydaythatIwasthere-andIwas there the entue winter-that they ceased firing for weather Actually, the recoil flu1d In the guns was freezing up so that the guns couldn't recoiL And the men were JUSt about11
   SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001freezing to death. They called It off at about noon.There was a rather ainusing event that happened. Ordtnanly, we'd have abtg-almost what you'd call a big garbage can full of water botling to clean your guns wtth after you'd finished finng. And the men had this btg kettle boiling, you know, and they'd put the old ramrod In this heated water to clean the gun tube. And I said, "Nothing doing." I said, "Just don't touch them." They satd, "Oh, why not?" "Because It's a real chore to get them tnstde-back at your headquarters-and then clean then1n1s1de. It's a lot easter tfyou could clean them In the field." And I said, "Just don't touch tt." And, so, they kind of grumbled a btt, and put the stuff awayAnd about then, as we were pulling out wtth our guns gotng toward home, here cotne one of the other battenes that had been firing with all of the ran1rods stlclnng out of the tubes because the n11nute they run that water down the tubes It JUSt froze and setzedJUSt like that. And they couldn't 1nove It.There was another t1n1e. When finng-if you were firing at an intermediate range,or a shorter range-there were bags of powder that go In the shell. And depending on the range you're finng, why you'd put In so many bags of powder The rest of them you'd cut off and throw then1 In a pile. And, boy, we had a pile there that was larger than that sofa from finng a good part of the day And we were JUSt about ready to clean up, and all of a suddenherecomethemenrushingbyme,JUStpell-mell. AndItun1edaroundand looked. And, somehow, some of the fire from the heating barrel had got against the powder and It was JUSt starting to burn.12
   SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001LUK: Oh, no!SOR: And I don't know why I did It, but It JUSt seemed like It was Instinct. I JUSt quickly turned and kicked the pile where the fire was and It spread out away from the rest of the pile. And this pile was stacked agmnst the shells that we hadn't used that day So, It wouldn't have been Just a fire. We would have had some explosions there. But, like I say, It wasn't that I was really thinking of doing anything heroic or anything, but It JUSt seemed like the thing to do at the t1n1e to get nd of that httle fire that was JUSt starting.I was made 1st heutenant-let's see, I guess-one, two, three-about three and a half or four months after I was assigned to the school troops. In the meantime, a fellow from St. John's University that was In our battahon wanted to get together a basketball team. And he asked If I'd play With thein. And I said, "Sure, I'd play with them." So he got myself and three other fellows from the university I don't remember some of theu names, but one I do remember because he had been an All Church center for two years. Don Riggs was his name. There were two others froin the university and myself. And that was the team. And then we had two or three others that warmed the bench. And we won the championship there at Fort Sill. Some may say, "Well, maybe that isn't so great. It's JUSt a field artillery school." But the caliber of players were pretty darn good. The school team kept all the good players that came through. They had one that was an All An1encan at Auburn, and they had two or three of about the same caliber We beat this school team In an overtime. I Inade a shot nght from the center of the floor practically, a hook shot, and It went In.13
   SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001LUK: All nght.SOR: I remember now Don Riggs threw the ball Into me, and I knew I was going to shoot as soon as I caught the ball. And he was yelling, "Don't shoot, don't shoot," because It was overtime. I JUSt turned and shot and It was nothing but net. And this fellow I remeinber from Auburn Just shook his head. We still had a few minutes to play, but they couldn't score on us, and we won It on that shot.That kind of gave Ine a little step up with some of the powers that be in the group. They thought that was all nght. But I could play a fmrly decent defensive game, too, because I remember they put me on a fellow that was averaging about twenty pou1ts a game. And he didn't score dunng the game; not even a foul pitch.LUK: Oh, my gosh!SOR: He told n1e afterwards. He smd, "I've been guarded In Iny life before, but not like that." We learned a lot ofbasketball as kids playing in our barn and In our yard. I used to play JUSt constantly when I wasn't busy at work. So, I could take soine fmrly unorthodox shots because I'd practiced them a lot. And people JUSt don't usually practice the kind of shots that I was used to JUSt talGng.We went on through the suininer and I'd about n1ade up n1y mind I was going to go Into the au force. I would have had to have been a maJor In the artillery to make the same money that a 1st lieutenant with flight pay was n1aking, so there wouldn't have been a lot of difference. And I thought, well I don't know as I'll be In this army long enough to ever be a maJor So Don Riggs, the fellow that played with me on the basketball team,14
   SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001and I decided that we were going to transferSo we got a letter that Hap Arnold, the head ofthe air force, sent through to everyservice that anybody that wanted to transfer to the au force, or au corps they called It then, could wnte a letter directly to him-not go through channels-but directly to him. And he would send a letter directly back to them-not through channels-so that they could take the physical exam. And then If they passed, why, he would take thein. If they didn't pass, of course, nobody In the higher echelon would know anything about It. So, we did that. And we both passed the physical exam. And then we went down to San Antonio, Texas to be classified.I guess I should have mentioned-and this IS something that would be unusual-that when we were assigned to school troops we were assigned to black enlisted men. All the noncommiSSioned officers and enlisted n1en were black, and all of the commissioned officers were white. And, they were some of the best. I don't know that there was anyone thatcouldmatchthemforspeedandaccuracyInfinngguns. TheyJUStseemedtohave that rhythm that was necessary to turn those wheels. They'd do It by count almost.And I remember when finng one problem there. I had a colonel give me an elevation, and then say, "Cease fire" almost Immediately I'd already given the elevation. As soon as you give the elevation It's fired at the gun position. And when he said, "Cease fire" I said, "It's too late colonel, It's already on the way " And I did that to him twice, and then he got real sore. And he smd, "Lieutenant, you can't shoot that fast. You can't change the direction and elevation that fast when you shoot." And I said, "Well, you can15
   SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001come down and see." So he came down, and they sent the commands down, and the elevation was given. And as soon as I gave the elevation I'd say fire. AndJUSt-I mean It didn't matter whether It was a httle or a lot, they were on It. And he stood nght there at the gun position, and those bubbles would be level, and It would be exactly where It should be for finng. He come away shaking his head. He said, "I've seen It, but I don't beheve It."But they were that good. I'd seen them with the 105 at maximum range. I think they had five rounds In the au before the first one hit the ground. And that means It's got to recoil and they then load. All they do IS hold the lanyard. They wouldn't even pull the lanyard. Because as the gun recoiled like this (demonstrating), that shell would go In the tube. And then when the tube came back with the lanyard held it would JUSt snap the finng pin and the next shell was fired. But I thought that might be a httle point of Interest because these men were about as fast and accurate as I'd seen In white, black, or anyone else. They were good.But getting now to the Au Corps. I took my classification test and I went Into the officers classifying us. He said I classified as a navigator I said, "Well, didn't I classify as a pilot?" He says, "Yes, but we don't need pilots." And he said, "You know, we've never had anyone pass that math test quite as high as you've done." Of course, I'd been reading calc papers for two years JUSt before I'd gone Into the army The first book wasJUSt about as quick as I could turn the page and wnte the answer I'd gotten through nearly the second book when they called time, but many of them hadn't finished the first16
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001book.I said, "What If I didn't want to be a navigator?" He said, "How would you like to go back to the artillery?" Well, since he'd put It that way I went to navigation school at EllingtonFieldInTexas. Again,Ididwellthere. Themeteorologythere-the Identification o f stars and all o f that was fairly easy The calculation courses and estimated times of arnval were quite easyIn the meantime, again, our rec time was playing basketball And, so, I got a team together there. And we weren't quite as lucky We came within four points of winningthechampionshipthere. ButIdidprettywell. Iaveragedtwenty-twopointsa game. And In those days twenty-two points a gaine was exceptional-I think our team In the last game scored forty-four points and I had twenty-eight of them.LUK: Oh, gosh!SOR: And the other team only had fifty-two points. I made the All Base team, but I didn'tstaylongenoughtoplayanygameswiththem. Iwasnghtaboutatthepointof graduation.Froin Ellington Field I was sent to Lincoln, Nebraska for assignment for training for overseas. And I was fortunate enough to know the fellow that was n1aking the assignments there. And I told him I had a younger brother coming through, and would he assign lum to the same base. My brother also had taken navigation traimng. So, he said, yes he would send my brother to the same base. So the assigmnent officer sent him down to the same base. And we played touch football there. A Captain17
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001McCrummin organized the team. He was getting together a football team to play for his group And my brother and I were on the same temn. We won the base championship there. In touch football, of course. My younger brother had played for the university In fact, he made All Conference playing for the university And I think one of his years he got Honorable Mention, All Amencan. So we could play football, too. I played end and he played In the back field.While trmning there I was assigned to a crew whose pilot had already been through the phase training. And then as he was JUSt ready to go overseas he went to the dentist and had a tooth pulled, and the guy broke his Jaw So he couldn't leave, and he had to stay until It healed. So they put hin1 to flying the B-17's that had JUSt been overhauled. So he knew what a B-17 would do I mean he was a good pilot.But, anyhow, I got on his crew And we went down over the Gulf of Mexico to fly what they called a "Y Sector Search." It was as If you were searching for soinething that was lost. And on that you just fly a nuinber of headings. And you're out of sight of land. Y ou don't have any means of checking where you are other than JUSt doing your dead reckoning based on wind conditions that you've estabhshed. So this I did. And when we finished, I guess we were there a good two to two and a half hours-he asked me for a direction back to Houston. And I smd, "Well, I can't give you an exact duection. I can give you a duection for landfall, and then we can go from there." And he smd, "No, I want a direction."End of side 1 of tape18
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001LUK: OkaySOR: So he turned the plane and headed where he thought Houston was, and I continued my calculatlon as to where I thought we were. As soon as I saw the coast I picked up the spot we were crossing at, and It was somewhat to the west of Houston. It was far enough west you couldn't see the city You couldn't see anything except plmns out there where we made landfall. So he kept flying for awhile. And what had happened IS, as he passed the radio bemn, his compass needle had changed completely around and was stlll pointing as If he was going to the station. And here he was flying away from It.After about twenty minutes of flying he knew he was lost, so he called me. "Give me a directlon to Houston." I gave him the duectlon. He didn't beheve me because 1t was about a 180 degree turn back. And I smd, "Would you hke to fly It agmn?" And he turned and took the heading I gave him, and In about a half hour we flew over Houston. Then fron1 there we went on back up to our base in Ardmore, Oklahoma. He never smd anything to me, but I kind of got It from one of the fellows I knew there. He said he'd overheard one of the navigation Instructors there ask this pilot If he could be on his crew All he said was, "I've got my navigator "We shipped out ofNew York for overseas 1n Noveinber of'44 And we went Into I left New York City on the Queen Elizabeth. I remeinber, we smled south first. I guess they were avoiding submannes, because we had our winter clothes on, and all of a sudden It was awfully wann. And then we headed up north again and we got Into one of "The" storms ofthe North Atlantic. The captain-he'd been around awhlle-and being captmn of19
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001theQueenElizabethhesaidItwasoneoftheworsthe'deverbeenthrough. Thebreakers were almost going over the bow of the Queen Elizabeth and It stood out of the water quite a ways.But there were enemy subs that were patrolling and trying to Intercept. In fact, on the crossing that I had made the German's reported they sunk the Queen Elizabeth Fortunately, the report was 1n error, and we sailed Into Glasgow, Scotland. We then took the train there down to the base that we were assigned to It was a B-1 7 base at Kimbolton, England. Now, Kimbolton IS located about seventy miles north, and a little west, of London. It's about almost due west of Cambndge. We were greeted by some of oursquadronme1nberssayingtheyweregladtoseeus. TheyhadJUStlostahalfdozen planes.LUK: Oh, no!SOR: Well, It didn't take us long to get started. I remen1ber the first n1ISSion that we flew It was between two layers of clouds. You couldn't see the ground. You couldn't see above you. And, then, as we pulled Into the target area, the only way we could bomb was by what they called "Mickeyscope" which was a radar tube that caine down where the ball turret normally goes on the B-17 It was on the lead plane only And It was used only by that lead navigator But you could bomb very accurately off of that. And JUSt as we had dropped our bombs another squadron that must have been completely lost came nght through our squadron at nght angles.LUK: Oh, my20
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001 SOR: And the planes peeled In every duectlon. And here we are alone. I mean up Inthe clouds you don't see anybody, anything. And the pllot says, "I want directions to our base, and I want the estimated tlme of arrival So I gave It to him. In calculating our position, and my dead reckoning was ahnost exactly on because the weather conditions had held pretty constant.And I gave him course and estnnated time of arnval, and we headed back. We got-I think It was quite a httle bit south of Frankfort, which was stlllin German hands. In fact, It was reported to have four or five hundred flak guns In it. And I looked up In that duectlon and I could see two B-17s headed nght towards the city of Frankfort. And I called n1y pllot and told hun he'd better notlfy those planes where they're going. And he did. And they peeled off and came down and JOined us.We were one ofthe first planes back to the base and we had four or five Inore with us. The group navigator, I guess, liked the way I kept my logs. I made up my mind when I went over that If ever I didn't come back It wasn't going to be because we were lost. And a lot of them didn't get back because they were lost.Then I think after either the sixth or seventh mission they n1ade n1e a lead navigator for the squadron. Then I would only fly when our squadron was flying the lead. I would also have to trmn new navigators that were coming In. So the missions that I'd piled up pretty quickly to begin with began to get spaced farther apart. We made some fmrly, I would say, hazardous runs. I reinember a tlme we went to Cologne, another tlme we went to Berhn, and another tlme to Bremen. We went on the big one that burned up21
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001Dresden, and we went to Munich. So that ISJUSt an exa1nple. I had twenty-two missions In when the war ended.Fortunately, I never got any wounds. I only know of one that was wounded on our plane. One day a shell broke nght off the tall and blew a hole about eight Inches or so around nght through the manganese steel that surrounded him. Itknocked him out of the tall and cut off his oxygen hose. And all It did to hun was JUSt barely cut his hp because he had his flack suit on. Otherwise, he would have, no doubt, been InJured by the shell even after It had spent most of Its force coming through that arn1or plate. I think they'd counted as high as 75 or 80 holes through our plane at times when we got back. I'd had shell fragments come through behind me, and over, and around, but not through me. I've seen them go through the engine nacelle and wing on the plane, and a large chunk of the wing peeled back.But, hke I say, I guess I would be like one older fellow smd that had been through It. He says, "Anyone that tells you that they were never afrmd IS either lying or they're crazy " And I guess I would say the same thing. But It never bothered me to the point that I couldn't function, or perform, the duties that I was supposed to do as the navigatorAnd I remember one day the tml gunner JUSt screan1Ing over the Intercom that a plane had JUSt broken one In two nght In back of us. It had come underneath It.I guess the pilot, or copilot, or both of them Inust have been hit. Theu plane broke the plane nght behind us In half and then was coining nght into us. We were the lead plane. And It JUSt barely skiinmed over the top of us, and then off to the side. And It went down.22
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001That was about as near, I guess, as we can1e to being taken out by one of our own planes. They flew very tight fon11ations, the B-17's did. Soinetnnes the wing of a plane next toyou would aln1ost be tucked In between your tml and the Wing. That's how tight they would get In. But It was good defense against anything In the way of fighters. The fighters, I guess I n1ust have been really fortunate there, because I never saw one, but they were there. Our group got hit soine days when I wasn't flyn1g . I JUSt wasn't with thein, that's all.I do remember one day I flew as a lead navigator In a plane, and the next day the next lead was taking n1y place flying In the san1e plane. A shell exploded nght beneath then1 and can1e up nght through hnn. He hved until he got back to the base, but died that night. So It wasn't that it couldn't happen. I say It's JUSt-I guess I would say n1aybe blessed that It didn't happen.After nearly coinpleting n1y ITIISSions I was sent to an Enghsh base to learn long range radar I was to be the radar officer for our group They were thinlGng In tenns of being reassigned to the Pacific. When we cmne back from England we flew We left England-! think It was In May-May or June, I can't ren1einber now And we flew back first up to Iceland. Now when we got there the weather was so bad they told us that we'd have to stay for a few days, which we did. The thing I ren1en1ber-of course, being that tune of the year, the sun would just barely dip below the honzon and come back up agmn. They had black curtmns on our windows so that we would be able to sleep at night.23
 SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001And when we took off fron1 Iceland there were-let's see, I guess there were either three or four other navigators besides myself. And I did n1ake up Iny mind then that I'm not going to get lost on the way hon1e. So I started nght In on keeping my log. These other guys are sitting down there playing Gin Runu11y They were relying on the pilot and his radio con1pass. But all I could see was the whitecaps down below I couldn't see any sky that was covered With clouds. So I was reading dnft off of those and It looked like the wind was holding up pretty good.So I checked, and sure enough, It can1e across- down to the south of Greenland I could see It way up to the north. It was JUSt the tip end of It. We were where I calculated us to be. About then the pilot, who was a full colonel, can1e down Into the nose. And the first thing he sees are these three guys playing gn1 back there. And he says, "My radio coinpass IS gone, and there Isn't a one of you that know where we are."I was sitting to the side, and he didn't see 1ne. I smd, "I know where we are." He smd, "Well, where are we." And I smd, "Well, If you'd been observing, It was JUSt up north of us that we passed Greenland." He gnnnbled a httle bit. And he says, "I want a direction and anETA to Goose Bay, Labrador " That's where we were headed. I called It up to hin1 when he got up to his seat. He didn't fly the exact course I'd given him. And I called hnn and told him and he didn't even answer me. I guess he was still n1ad about the other guys down there. So I called hnn a second tln1e and told hin1. And he still didn't say anything. And he kept flying the san1e course. I thought, oh the heck with It. I know where we'll be when we get there.24
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001So when we can1e close to land I had us calculated nght where we were coming 1n. I p1cked this up by the shape of the coast. The p1lot called agmn and wanted a course to Goose Bay And so I gave h1m the change he had to make then. And he started to aln1ost berate n1e for not having the nght course to beg1n w1th. I smd, "If you w1ll re1nember, I told you tw1ce to change course and you wouldn't do 1t." And he d1dn't say anything. And when we cmne Into Goose Bay, Labrador we were a 1n1nute and a half off of the estimated tune of arnval I had g1ven h1n1 about four hours earher I had two other full colonels come up to me afterwards and say, "You know, you've done 1t." They smd, "YouJUSt restored our fmth In navigators."And we moved from there on down to-I th1nk 1t was a field 1n Com1ecticut. Then from there I took the trmn on ho1ne. I was assigned to Santa Ana wh1ch was a rehab base for people that had been overseas. I was there towards the end of sun1n1er I th1nk 1t was. And then they sent n1e back to Elhngton F1eld. We were go1ng to trmn then for the Pacific. Well, wh1le there at Ellington F1eld the war ended with Japan.And they told us at first that we would have to go back to the base that we were Inducted at 1n order to be discharged. And that would have n1eant for n1e that I'd have to con1e back to Fort Douglas here before I could get discharged. And transportation be1ng what 1t was at the tune, who knows when I could have gotten there.Then another duectlve can1e out, aln1ost following that, that smd that 1fyou had a way of transportation home they would discharge you there at Elhngton Fteld. Well, I nnn1ed1ately told them I had a vvay ho1ne, and I called the mrport and booked a ticket.25
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001And It was a good thing because It was aln1ost too late for me to enter school. And two of the courses I needed I think were Fall quarter courses only, and I would have to lay out a whole year to get those courses. So I got started about two weeks late. But, fortunately, I had Inost of Iny required courses all con1pleted. And I was able to catch up for the two weeks that I'd Inissed. In fact, I even got a Dean's Card that quarter for n1y grades.I took son1e graduate classes because I JUSt didn't need anymore n1Ining classes. In fact, one of thein was In the n11ning engineenng area, a ITI111Ing finance class which Professor Lewis was teaclung. He only had one other student 1n 1t and he wanted 1ne to take It. It was a graduate class. I took 1t anyhow JUSt to satisfy hun.And I took a graduate geology class because, again, I had the latitude to take soine extra courses, and the govenu11ent was pay1ng n1y bill then for schooling. So I finished up my schooling then In '46 In Mining Engu1eenng. I was the only Mining Engineer to graduate that year fron1 the University ofUtah.LUK: So what did you do after that?SOR: I went Into sales engineenng n1ainly because an older brother was In It, and he kind of liked It. He was selling Inining eqtnpment and tools-electncal tools, contracting tools. You would establish dealerships In the vanous towns and locations, and they would handle your line of eqtnpn1ent. And then you'd 1nake calls on the vanous locations like Inines, or repair shops and garages, and railroad shops-things like that In order to present these tools and th1s equ1pn1ent to the1n and demonstrate theu use.I d1d that for about a year and a half. The people that I was worlGng for, they had26
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001promised that if you did a satisfactory JOb-not only satisfactory, but a better than a satisfactoryJOb-why they would give you an n1crease at the end ofthe year Well, the end of the year came and I didn't get the Increase. I went to them to talk about It. They weren't very receptive to the Idea. So I smd, well, If they couldn't keep their agreen1ent-and they agreed that, ye , Iny perfonnance was well above what was expected-In fact, I sold n1ore n1achine parts than anybody else had sold. But they weren't going to give n1e the n1crease. So I decided that I would leave.But, as I did so, I began to thn1k that If I was ever going to do anything withn1y Inining degree I'd probably better get Into n11ning. So I approached a couple of the local mining con1panies here. IZe1u1ecott wasn't hinng anybody U S Sn1elting told n1e that they were Interested, and If I'd con1e to work for then1 they would have a position for Ine In a few n1onths, but I would have to go underground to get actual mining expenence. I smd I didn't obJect to that. I needed 1t anyhowSo, I d1d that for about-gosh, I don't th1nk It was 1nore than a month or two And a pos1t1on In the engineenng departn1ent over In Bingham opened, and I went to work there. I worked as an engineer for then1 for, I guess, a couple of years. And then they wanted n1e to get some expenence underground w1th handhng n1en. So they 1nade Ine a sh1ft boss, and I went underground to run the crew of n1en In vanous n1n1Ing operations.It seen1ed like wherever they had a bad place, or wherever they had one that vvas not n1alGng any progress, that I'd get sent there. But I could always n1anage to get It k1cked out and producing. But after I'd been With thein as a shift boss for awhile, I was27
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001sent over as the foren1an at the Inine over at Ophir, UT I was there for a couple of years, and then It shut down because of n1etal prices.I came back to Lark and was made an Industnal engineer there. I guess I established the only work standards that have ever been established that I know of In the metal mines for all the different types of work that's done underground. I could seethat this company was neanng the end of their reserves So I decided I was going to have to Inake a move either to another n1Ine, or to another coinpanyI approached Keimecott again and told thein whether they hued me or not I was going to leave U S Sinelting. So they hued me there as an Industnal engineer They had had consultants In there for four years trying to n1ake work standards for operations In the pit like dnlling and blasting, loading cars, and their rail haulage And I looked over the work that they accuinulated and told the division engineer It wasworthless. There wasn't anything there that could be used.Needless to say, they were rather upset that these consultants were being paid a pretty heavy fee. So the diVISion engineer said, "Well, I'll send the consultant out." He said, "You talk to hun." I said, "I'll talk to hn11." So he sent the consultant out, and I JUSt took the n1atenal I had and I said, "This stuff is not worth anything." I said, "You can't do anything with It." I said, "What did you propose to do with It?" Well, they didn't know They JUSt had then1 doing this kind of stuff I said, "But It's all useless as far as makn1g any work standards." I said, "Couldn't you see that that was the course that was being taken here?" He said, "Well, we couldn't be everywhere, you know " I said, "Well, I've28
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001only been here a matter of a few months and I found It." I said, "You've been here for four years." With that he left. So I told the division engineer again. "He can't JUstify any of It, and he can't tell n1e where I can use any of It." And the next week the consultants were gone.In a year's tnne I had work standards established for dnlling and blasting for the loading of cars, ore and waste, and for what they called spnnging holes for blasting. Nearly every operation In Inining work standards established. So they n1ade me the mine Industnal engineerThen, shortly after that, they were deciding to go fron1 rail haulage to truck haulage So I was chosen as proJect engineer for that changeover; In charge of construction of a large truck shop, the purchase of eqtnpn1ent, and the an1ount of equipinent that was needed In order to Inake the changeoverAfter that there was a little trouble w1th establishing consistency between what the concentrator reported for ore grade and what the mine said they were getting for ore grade. So n1y boss, who was proJect n1anager, asked 1ne If I would take that Job and straighten It out for thein when I was through With n1y part of the work on the proJect for conversion to truck haulage.He said, "I know It Isn't a promotion, but you're not going to lose any money " And he says, "I'll give you son1e perks that no one else has had, and n1aybe you can keep your car " He said, "The only other one that has a car there IS the supenntendent." So, I said, "Well, I'll do It, and I'n1 sure I can straighten It out."29
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001Well, when I observed how they were doing their san1phng, I nmnediately changed It. And our grades from the concentrator and n1Ine can1e nght together, and everybody was happySo then they Inade Ine the Inmn plant engineer And I was In that position for six or seven years I guess. Then they decided they were going to n1Ine some ore from underground. I had Interviewed With the president of the company, but the Inan that was under hun-when I Interviewed with the president of the con1pany, he called up n1y nnn1ediate boss and JUSt told hin1, "Well, we've got a n1anager for your underground n1Ining." SoIgotthatJOb,andIstartedbyputtingdownthatshaftthatwasInBinghan1 Canyon there. I don't know whether you've been up there or not.LUK: No,Ihaven't.SOR: There was a head fran1e there, the shaft IS twenty feet In diameter, and we specified a one foot n1Inin1um thickness on the concrete wall that would hold It. I had the shaft down 3,000 feet when I retued.LUK: Wow!SOR: And It should have gone down another 1,500 feet. When I retued It was about then that the bottom dropped out of the copper n1arket. And they shut It down, and they shut the pit down. And, of course, when they shut It down they pulled the pun1ps out and It flooded. So It's still stand1ng there now-I guess as probably a n1onun1ent to son1eone's stupidity It would have been a good Inine. I had It lmd out to produce 12,000 tons a day for approxin1ately 28 years. And the grade would have been about three tunes higher30
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001than what the pit ore IS In copper, and approxunately ten tunes as In high In gold and silver But It's still sitting there.LUK: Wow! So, what year did you retire?SOR: I retired In '83LUK: And after that did you Just enJOY retuen1ent, or ?SOR: I have done no special proJects. No, they told Ine when I retired that they would n1aybe have to have n1e back for consulting. I said, "Nothing don1g." I said, "When I retire, I retire. If I wanted to stay work1ng I wouldn't retire."LUK: So are you enJOying your retuen1ent? Have you been traveling around?SOR: No, we haven't traveled a lot. We've traveled so1ne. We d1d go on a tnp through Europe, but that was back In the late seventies. We took a fairly extensive tnp then. But I pretty 1nuch got Iny fill of traveling when I was In the anny And when I was selling I was on the road everyday dnv1ng. I had about a year and a half of that, so I pretty n1uch got 1ny fill of 1t. I covered all of these western states when I was selhng. I was stationed 1n Colorado first, and then up 1n the northwest covenng parts of Wash1ngton, Idaho, Montana, and Oregon. And when I was stationed here I covered all of Utah and Nevada. When I was 1n Colorado I covered the Inlnes 1n ColoradoLUK: That's enough traveling.SOR: That was a lot of travel. So, as I say, I don't have 1nuch desue to do any traveling. Fortunately, n1y w1fe feels the same way She doesn't care about travel that Inuch e1therShe 1s going to take a httle tnp down to Flonda for a granddaughter's wedd1ng, but that31
  SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001 will be about the s1ze of1t.LUK: Well, there IS one question I ask of all the veterans. As you kno-vv, Hollywood has been mak1ng all these World War II mov1es. Have you watched the1n? And what do you think about Hollywood's depiction of the war?SOR: Well, 1t's like I told n1y son. I smd, "I've seen flak that they've put up 1n these pictures, and we would call that very light flak." We'd been through flak s1noke where you could JUSt see your two-w1ng planes, a11d that's all you could see. That's how th1ck the sn1oke was. And you've got three or four hundred guns that are putt1ng shells up that are breaking I had the disadvantage of be1ng 1n the artillery first, and I knew what those dang things would do to you.LUK: Oh, yes.SOR: Those 88s could shoot over the top of you at 26,000 feet. And that's nearly five n11les upL UK: W ell , do you have any final words, or any final conunents?SOR: Nothing, except as I've told n1y son. I smd, "The expenences n1ay have been good to have had, but I would hate to see any young people-n11ne or anyone else's-have to go through the san1e k1nd of an experience." I really would. I've seen n1en that were so fnghtened they couldn't operate 1n n1y own plane.LUK: I forgot to ask. After the war were you able to keep 1n contact w1th any of your fl1ght crew?SOR: No I d1d keep 1n contact w1th one n1an that was w1th n1e tn the artillery for a few32
      SOREN BARRETT July 18, 2001years afterwards, but we finally lost contact with each other Other than that, I have no contact with any of them.LUK: And you finished your tour as a lieutenant-a 1stlieutenant or a 2nd lieutenant? SOR: A 1st lieutenant, yes. Our grade should have been captain as a lead, but they froze all the promotions because It was getting near the end of the war In fact, I had one of the colonels that was on the plane when I returned, and I think n1y colonel, who was also on that plane, turned to hn11 and asked hin1, "Why Isn't this n1an a captain?"LUK: Well, thank you very n1uch for your time. You have a very fascinating story SOR: Well, as I said. I don't think that's It's anything that's going to shake the earth. It probably IS not of Inuch Interest to anyone except n1yself.LUK: No, It's just another viewpoint of the war But thank you very Inuch.End of Interview33