  DEAN SHUMWAY Provo, Utah Tape No. 72An interview by Gary L. Shumway August 12, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsSandy MineHow People Spent Their Money.Rex Claims . .Close Calls..Experiences WhileáworkingAgathla.......... .Mining in Grants, New Mexico.Reasons for Leaving Mining . . . . . . 61 Bob Schriever. 63for1 12 16 22 Grant. . 32 52 57
 The following is an interview with Dean Shumway, conducted by Gary Shumway, in Carrol Hall, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah on August 12, 1970.G:Dean, the other evening before we were forced to quit out of sheer exhaustion, we'd been talking about your experiences and we barely got to the part in your life where you were mentioning your.exper- ience working for Grant Shumway in the--in drilling for uranium discoveries. We'd been talking about the Sandy Mine. What happened after you drilled this one good ore hole way back there, that you apparently just drilled right into, the only ore that was there.Well, after that, why Grant and those guys sold out to North Range Mining Company. They mined it for several years and then turned it back to Grant. And they done some mining and went in and cleaned up the headings that were there and Grant kind of depleted everything th.at was around, and ran some drifts around to try and find some more ore in some holes they had and this one ore hole out there that hadhad such high grade stuff in it as we'd mentioned was the desire to get back there was always there by Grant. So finally toward the end why he hired a couple of Mexicans, I think they were. And he paid them so much a foot to hand muck with a wheelbarrow to seewhat was there. And they got back there and there was just one little tiny pot of ore; four or five ton I think was all they got out of it. And it was real good stuff but that was all there was there. There wasn't anything more around it which the drilling showed. And of course, you never know with the drilling. So the curiosity was too great. That's one thing with the mining business,D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 2D: you can either go broke or make a lot because of things like that.G: How much do you estimate it cost to run that drift after that.D: Well, they run it about 1,500 feet at twenty dollars a foot. I think he done it a little bit cheaper the way he did it, but todo it ordinarily it would cost about 20 dollars a foot which would be around thirty thousand dollars to go back there after, oh, by the time he got it all contaminated and everything, I think itran twenty hundredths. So he probably- made, probably fifty , seventy-five dollars off of it.G: Yeah, that was just retribution for some of the other things, I guess.Did you work in the Sandy Mine, mining?D: Yeah. I worked in there for quite a long time. There was actually two Sandy Mines. There was Sandy Number Two and Sandy Number Three. Sandy Number Two was the body of ore that I talked about that was twenty feet off the Moencope contact. Most all the ore in this part- icular locale was on the Moencope contact, and Sandy Number Two isway off, and Sandy Number Three was ~ight on contact. It was in a regular river bed like all of the deposits that we find in that area usually are. But I worked for quite awhile in Sandy Number Two,helped them take out a lot of ore out of there. Right shortly after I got out of high school, my little brother, Merle D. Shumway andI went in as partners in Sandy Number Three. And the first day wewent out there, this is kind of an interesting part of our starting into the professional mining career--we went out there about, we went,
 INTERVIEW: Shumway p a g e 3D: we made the contract with Doug and Grant to mine it and givethem a certain amount of royalty and they were going to furnishus with some equipment. And so we, that morning we loaded the pickup with a lot of stuff and we got the pickup all loaded andtook off to, out to Sandy. And we got out there, and Buddy just bought him a new 22 Remington Automatic, paid about seventy-five dollars for it, and we took Dadts 32 Special out because we wanted to get us some cat meat, and got out there and unloaded everything into the cabin, and it was kind of late in the fall and it was kind of chilly. It was a real nice cabin. Somebody with North Rangehad paneled the walls and really gone to a lot of work to fix it up. And so we unloaded everything in there and started up the, it had one of these old coal heaters, we started up the coal heater andgot it going good and went down in the mines and drilled and shot around and come back up and as we come over the hill, why therewas a great big blaze of fire. And we walked over there, and the stove had apparently overrun with oil and caught on fire and buimed the whole cabin down with our sleeping bags, all of our food andthe guns and everything. We lost a lot of money and Doug and Grant lost a real nice, one of the nicest cabins out in the mining camp out there. So that was our introduction into the fabulous mining profession and after that why we were really down in the dumps. Butwe went back home and got refitted out again and come back out and started working and for a while we had to do mostly all of our own hand mucking and Doug and Grant had Sandy Two and they were working it and when they weren't using the loader, why we could use the loader. It was a big TD6 and it just smoked like a son of a gun
 INTERVIEW: Shumway p a g e 4D:all of the time. But we got it back in there. We had a little tiny three inch hole for a vent and you could imagine about the kind of air you'd get out of a three inch hole. And I was running the loader and Buddy was running the shuttle car and we'd get down in there and get working. We had to do most of our mining in the evenings because they were using the loader during the day, and sowe'd get down in there working and it'd get so smoky your eyes just run and your face would get black with smoke, and one time whyBuddy went out with the shuttle car and I was sitting in there and my eyes was just running and so I turned off all of the lights and had my hand up into my eye.s just rubbing all of the tears and stuff away and I didn't hear any noise or anything and all of a sudden why somebody growled and jumped right on the middle of me, and it was pitch black and I couldn't see anything and it just scared me so bad I just shook all over. Finally I got my light on and there stood old Elmer Hertz. He had turned off his light and snuck up on me.He scared the daylights out of me. But we stayed there with Sandy Three for awhile and made a little money; ran out of ore so we quit and went to work over at Sandy Two and worked there with Grant for quite awhile, helping him finish up Sandy Number Two. I don't know how much more you want to know about the Sandys. The Sandys, lots and lots of experience happened with the Sandys. One thing I might say about North Range. They were a company that mined iron back inMichigan or Minnesota, I guess Minnesota. No, it was Michigan. They had big iron mines. They were really a large mining company, and I guess maybe they still are back there. I don't know. But they'd bring
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 5D:all of these iron miners from back East out here to mine this uranium business. And of course, not knowing anything about uranium business they could see all of this money coming out and people were telling them how much it was worth and everything. So this one guy really got excited about it. And he'd only worked a couple three weeks, but he could see there was a lot of business,a lot of money to be made in it and he'd gone down to White Canyon where there was a beer store down there, and he just sat aroundand drank beer and heard all the big stories and all the money fly- ing around. And he had a little money so he contacted somebody that had a claim up north of White Canyon Number One there a ways up in place where there was, the shimroof was only about a hundred feet thick, a hundred feet clear through this whole point on the edge ofa point there. And there was a little ore there. Well, and he had visions of going in there and opening up a big ore body there and thewhole hundred feet was going to be twenty foot thick and he was just going to get filthy rich. So he went back home and leased all of his property and sold everything he had and talked one of his friends back there to come out and help him mine this point. And they were there mining, and so he bought his compressor and every- thing, and so they went up on the hill and they put in a round or two and they were mining a little bit of ore. I think they endedup having around eight or ten tons out there or something. And this last round they shot, why there was a big slab hanging there. And he told his friend, now, they were hand mucking and they wanted to leave it and then it'd fall on top of the ore and they figured they could
 INTERVI.EW: Shumwaypage 6D:get it out easier that way. So he says, 'We'll leave that slab hanging there and I'll go in and drill underneath it and if it starts to fall you tap me on the shoulder and I'll get out and we'll let if fall.' It fell all right but he didn't get out and i.t crushed him right there. So there's a lot of guys that had maybe not that tragic of an experience but that was typical of alot of mining experiences. This area had people coming in and seeing the money and selling all of their earthly possessions to get into the mining business and be in it for a few days, and finally realizing they were going broke faster than they could make i.t, and getting out of it. That was kind of a tragic one. He lost his life over it and everything. But the Sandy was a big producer in that area for a long time.How much do you think came out of the Sandy?About three million.What was the history of the Sandy claim? Who discovered it and ..¥ ?Well, Dad discovered it first, and then Uncle Seth ended up withit I think, and your dad ended up with it, didn't he, somehow, insome other dealings, in one of the mornings when they was out drawing- ing designs. Why they ended up with it, and then Merlin and Burdett leased it from them and ended up with it. And after they got it theywent in Sandy Three and mined it there for a long time and then they formed Shumway Brothers and that, Shumway Brothers ended up, or Shumway Uranium ended up leasing it and mining it and really, reallyG:D:G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway p a g e 7D: developed it actually. After they developed it why then they turned around and sold it to Medder Schmidt and Grant and, and Doug Davis and then Doug and them, like I said before, developed it enough to where they ended up selling it to North Range. And North Range mined it for several years; they actually took the body of the ore out, but their mining costs were so high that they ended up losing a lot of money on it and ended up turning it back because they didn't want to make the final payment of a hundred thousand dollars.G: This seems to have been the case of so many large companies that have been involved in hard rock mining or other types of mining that came in. Why do you think they lost money then?D: Well, because their idea of mining and North Range, I heard them talk about this a lot because we were drilling a lot around it. We lived around them for a long time. They figured it was going to go on forever. They figured they could produce a hundred tons a day, and that was their goal to produce a hundred tons a day every day for year in and year out and that's what they've been doing with the iron mines back there. They figured that once they got their initial expense of buying the property and everything, then they could go ahead and make good money. And well, by the time where they got enough ahead to where they, where they had paid for theirproperty, they were out of ore, and that way had lost most of their mining expenses. And they didn't realize that uranium mining was the type of operation where you had to make it on each ton; if you
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 8D:G:didn't make it on each ton you weren't going to make it. So... Was there, I know in my experience wi.th another one of the largecompanies, the Sunshine Mining Company. They, they simply were shipping too much waste, I mean to run the size of equipment they brought in here to use. They had huge Michigan loaders you know, which meant that you had to shoot, oh, an eight foot space, and if you only had two feet of ore you're shipping six feet waste. Was this the case here?Well, no, not so much with North Range. They did produce a large, they produced a good grade of ore. They were quite good that way.As a matter of fact I remember a lot of times they were shipping between forth and fifty hundredths which is real good, but they went into it real big. Some of the things that I think they did wrong-- remember when they spent a lot of money setting up camps and all this. That is a big expense when you're a hundred miles away from the nearest town.And building roads.And building roads, they ended up spending, oh, a lot of money redoing the road that had been there for years and years and years. And then they set up big bins and spent a lot of money that way. And then they decided that those weren't the answer and tore them down and built stock pile areas and then they used to haul it off the hill cleardown where the big trucks would come in and get it. It's just a com- bination of this and a big company like that, they've always got aD:G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway p a g e 9D:dozen guys around that aren't really going anything but standing around looking smart, and you get that kind of operation where there is a limited amount, why then every little bit adds up and before long, why then you've spent, even though you take out three million dollars worth of ore, if it costs you three and a half to get it out, why you haven't made much, and that's kind of what they're doing.I remember one project they, that I was kind of involved in. They hired some geologists to come in and re-do all of Grant's work.There was lots and lots of drill holes there, and siting the drifts and make big expensive maps. I think they ended up spending aroundfifty thousand dollars or something like that for geology work and everything. And after they got it all done, come to find out, whyit was exactly the same work that Grant had already had done. Only they did add on a little bit. But they should have hired Grant for just a few thousand dollars and he would've finished, went out ahead, and, and so as a result there are these aress and of course, they were looking at some of their rock was worth fifty dollars a ton and fromwhat I understand the iron ore business was a few dollars a ton,and so they figured, man, we're getting fifty dollars a ton. We get a hundred tons a day out, why there's no way in the world we can ever lose. And of course, they didn't anticipate uranium business as a lot harder mining. They had lots of water problems. I rememberthey had, they bought some of Young's shuttle cars, spent a lot ofmoney on them to buy them and after they got them, why they had these guys that didn't care whether they worked or not and they'd run them into the sides of the walls and break the tires and stuff off and
 INTERVIEW : Shumway page 10D:get 'em stuck in ditches and break the axles and, of course, you got a mine that's eight feet wide and a shuttle car that's six feet wide, why nobody gets by until that shuttle car is repaired. And they run double shifts and all that kind of stuff. And just spent money after money for things that just, they just didn't comprehend th.at one of these days they was going to be out of ore and there wouldn't be any there. They figured that they could continue drill- ing, finding more ore. So that's, like you say, they just went init so big, and when the end come, then set back and seen where they did wrong. But they didn't realize the hazards of the uranium mining business.What about the miners? Were they fairly efficient miners, did they know the business?Well, the miners that they brought from back East didn't stay too long. They, as a matter of fact I only know of one guy, his name was Kenny, that stayed and he did pan out to where he really was a driller for them and he was a real good driller. But most of them, it was so far away from civilization and there was no facilities at all, and then it was from what I understand was a lot dirtier work than what the iron business was back East. Most of the ironbusiness was open pit and this was back in the hill, three-quarters of a mile anyway. And some of it ended up being further than that. And as a result why they were here for a few weeks and then they'd just go back home.G:D:G:Where did they find them?
 INTERVIEW: Shumway p a g e 1 1D:Well, most of them they just got most of them locally. Picked up miners in Moab. There was always a lot of miners around at thattime. Everybody drifted in that had any mining experience. There was a big demand for miners and anybody could get a job. They sureended up with some, some, what do you call it, scum of the earth. Just the lowest guys you could imagine. I remember one Christmaswe was going home and they had a bunch of guys working there and Just living in all these shanties around through there, and we were going home for Christmas. It was on about the 23rd or 24th, I don't remember. It must have been the 23rd. And all these guys had, it was on their four days off, plus they was going to get Christmas weekend off and they'd all been down to Fry Canyon which is the closest beer station and it's about, what, 70 miles or something like that. They'd all gone down there and they hadn't bought any presents or anything for their kids. The whole back end was com- pletely loaded with beer. Some of them had gone into Monticello and they had bought cases of whiskey. I know one guy at that time had received over two thousand dollars in bonus. They paid bonuses for big production. He received over two thousand dollars and every bit of it was spent on alcohol. And they went up there, and the guys told me after we came back to work that it was just almost a wholeweek of drinking all that stuff up, boozing it up. And that's the kind of people they had. They never thought ahead. This guy, I remember talking to him several weeks after this. We were mentioning bis big bonus and everything and he says, 'Well, I had a heck of a good time, and I don't have anybody that wants the money anyway,' sohe says, 'I'd just as well spend it on beer.' So that's what he did.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 12D: To each his own I say. Those are some of the things that trans- pired in that particular area. Has anybody ever told you about Steen and his big parties?G: No, I haven't any on tape. Did you ever go to any of them?D: I went to one of them.G: Oh, did you?D: Yeah. Charles Steen, in case nobody's mentioned him, I'm sure they have, but he was a guy that made aábig discovery and at one time he was estimated to be worth one hundred and sixty-seven million dollars. But after he come in--he was nothing but a pauper. I remember the first time I ever seen Charles Steen was over in that Kenny Bailey store and he walked in there, driving an old beat, beat-up pickupand his kids didn't have any shoes. And he came in there and Kenny was giving him a little bit of credit. This was just before he made his big discovery. And so anyway, after he made his discovery why he had just millions of dollars to spend, and no way to spend it,and bought Lincoln Continentals for his kids and everything. Someof them didn't have driver's licenses and he bought them Lincoln Con- tinentals. And he used to throw these big parties over at the air- port. And he'd have half the airport set up with tables, and he'd buy several beef and have steaks. The whole underneath of the tables for half a mile was nothing but booze, and he'd just have anythingyou'd want to eat there. And he'd start about four o'clock in the afternoon. I remember this party we went to, about midnight there wasn't hardly a thing left. You could just, people would come in and
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 13D: load up cases of whiskey and stuff and walk over and put it in their pickup. And people were taking great big boxes of steak. They tried to stop a little bit of it, but he. I heard oneof his parties cost him over fifty thousand dollars, just for buying stuff, and he was the big Joe and he was helping everybody out, so . . . but these are the kind of experiences that happened in the mining business. People would make a big strike and I remember Dad made this comment before, right after Steen had hit it, hesaid, 'Dean you watch, old Charlie Steen one of these days is going to be broke. ' And he says, 'A man like that, that c.omes into it fast like that never retains it.' And of course, here he is 15 years later and not only bankrupt but owes the government nine million dollars. But . . .G: This so often happens with, with easy money, with mining money especially. Seems like ei.ther they go to primrose path of sinking it into lead and copper and zinc and silver, you know which never pays off like uranium or something else. Why do you think ... ?D: Well, the thing about it is, the thing that I think most peopledon't realize about the mining business is the money that can bemade so instantly. You can start into a mine and absolutely be a pauper and a month later you might get a check for 15-20,000 dollars. And every month you might get one like that. And you take a guy that doesn't have anything and give him these kind of checks, and Charles I'm sure was at times getting three or four hundred thousand dollar checks. And I mean what do you do? You've just got to spend it.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway p a g e 1 4D:There's all these things you seen all of your life you've wantedand all of a sudden all of this money is there and you don't eventhink of tomorrow, cause I've been down that road a little bit.Not to that volume, but you just, that money's there and you can see that you've still got a good place of ore and things are going beautiful, so what do you do, you just go out and spend it. Of course, the smart ones they say, well, might not have that place tomorrow.I'll put this away until I know I have it. The ones that did that of course, are the ones that are still in the mining business. The ones that are real successful with it.How many people do you know that are-~ever did put any of their money away?Well, like I say, the ones that did are the ones that are still with it like your brother, Devarr and Lark and the Shumway Brothers and these type of people. Like Grant, he always used to put a lot of money away. Well, when they were making a lot of money he used to go to Vegas and that kind of stuff and blow a little that way, but he's never really, you know, never really spent it like so many of the people. I've seen so many of the people that have drifted into the country. Most of the people that were there, established and grew up with the mining busines.s had enough sense to know it wasn'tgoing to last and so they put it away. I know of a lot of guys that have put it away. Donald Black and these type of people that ended up going up, after it was all over, going back to school and invest- ing their money that way. But most of the people that drifted in andG:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 15D:G:D:made a strike ended up spendi ng it and goi ng away broke . Funny that things happen that way but they do.Do you think that Merlin and Burdett and these people have put enough away so that they can live comfortably for the rest of their lives?Oh yeah, I' sure that Jeannie and Glen, if they didn't want to work another day in their lives would have enough money. Now Billy and Tim and those guys, they haven't because they haven't been in it that long and I'm sure they'll have to continue to work. I heard that once, I heard Jeannie made the comment, Jeannie Shumway, he's our cousin, that he worked because that's what he enjoyed doing, not because he needed the money. And I'm sure that's true. Because he's made millions of dollars I'm sure. I don't know how much he hasnow but I'm sure that he has a very, very large part of it, because he's invested, he owns half of Blanding, I guess. That and half the people in Blanding. But thes.e guys like this, like DeVarr and Lark and those guys, they, they have a good share of money nowI'm sure. But really the ones that didn't make it are the ones that came in later, thought they had a big strike and ended up selling out to some--1 was talking to a guy here up to Salt Lake not too long ago and he went down there and made 40,000 dollars and soldout to a company that wanted it and then took the 40,000 dollars.He had it, what did he say, for three weeks or something like that before he got it all spent. He says, 'I could have kicked myself a million times.' He says, 'I could have at least paid for my home or
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 16D:some.thing like that. ' He says, 'I seen all these other thingsand I figured, well, I'd be getting some royalties from the company and that kind of stuff.' Always planning for the unexpected andthe unexpected never pulled through or however you want to word it. But that's kind of the way it happened.You spent a good part of, sometime, at least mining on the reservation also. Did you go to the reservation immediately after leaving the Sandy claim.No. We went up the Rex Claims and the Rex Claims was owned by I and Bob Payne and Rex and Dad and Grant.Tell me about this. This was a rather late development and a fairly interesting one. How did you happen to come across these Rex Claims. The whole story here.Well, in 1961 Dad was doing some prospecting up on that mountain and of course Dad knows the country just like the palm of his hand and he knew that there was something there, but he didn't know exactlywhat and he'd never had the chance to go there and prospect. So he went over there one day and dug around a little bit and found thatthere was some good camp there and so he staked six claims. Took up the front pa:rt of this channel that was there, not taking up the back like he should have done. But anyway, him and I used to goup there, well we went up there in 162 and in '63 and he alwaysused to tell me you ought to come in here and open this up. We dug around in there and really found some stuff. But finally Dad says,G:D:G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 17D:'I'm really going to find what's here and see if I want to keepit or turn it back.' So he hired a cat and come in there anddone some, built a road in and opened it up and there was a real good channel there, with some real high grade ore. But, and so what we tried to do was try to get Grant to take it. And Grant says, 'Oh, that's too far north, there's nothing there. That's just going to be a little spot in the road,' and so finally, why Dad says, 'Well, listen I'm getting too old and I don't have any interest in it. If you guys want to do the assessment work on it why you can have it. Just give me a five percent royalty on it.' So that's what we did. Rex and Bob and I took it over and done the assessment work on it for a couple of years and tried to get Grantto go in there and we never could. And we, a couple of times were going to go in it, but we'd seen so many guys go broke in it and we was making good money working over at the Sandy for Grant thatwe decided to stay where we were at right now. And finally, whythe Barbers, the Barber Mining Company come up to us and wanted to know if they couldn't lease it. So we leased it to them forfifteen percent and they went in there and in just a matter of a little while had taken out over a hundred thousand dollars worth of ore. It opened right up into, the first few feet, they went in there about 20 feet and hit a big fault and it dropped down about 20 or30 feet. And they drifted through that fault and it was only about,I think 12 feet through that fault and then they broke into this real high grade ore, really high grade, really good stuff. And they went in, and they went back in the hills about, oh, I guess they must
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 18D:have gone back 1,500 feet or so, mining ore all the way, hitting faults occasionally and having to drift drill. And then finally they came to this one big fault and it dropped about 60 feet and they drifted into it a little ways and they couldn't find the other side and so finally why the hired Grant to come over and drill and he drilled and drilled about a hundred feet on ahead of where their drift was and found another big body. So they drifted throughthat fault. Took out another great big body of ore in there. And then they had another fault went brown and so they pulled out. And after they'd pulled out, why in the meantime we'd went and staked out a whole point there and there was two channels running side by side down through there and we took a cat in and stripped off some of this one channel and mined out some real good ore there, andyou might tell them at this point about your experiences withRex mining at that point there. That's kind of an interesting story.Yeah. I'll have to tell that. I think I probably will in an inter- view you know, or something, you know, talk about that.You'll have to get it in someplace because it was really quite an experience.Now this as I recall was in 1962, in the summer of '62 that we were there mining.Oh, was it?Uh huh. I believe you may have. developed this while I was on my mission between '58 and '60 sometime, because by the time I got home,G:D:G:D:G:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 19G:D:G:D:it had already been staked.Maybe it was '61 that Barber started into it, and then it was '62 that we went into the other side.I think you were mining out there when I was out there in the summer of '62.Yeah. I guess that's what it was. Yeah. I guess it was '40, '59 I guess when Dad and I finally took the cat in there and stripped it out. But anyway, in those years, why it was developed to where when you came there, then it was a growing mine, making real good ore off of it. And Rex and Bob, what we decided to do was, we decided I would stay working for Grant so that we had some kind of an income and Rex and Bob would go work the mine, and Grant was going to furnish the equipment. We was going to take, no let's see, we ended up leasing the equipment from Grant. That's whatwe did. We leased the equipment from Grant and was paying him I think it ended up to be around eleven hundred dollars a month or something like that, for the equipment. Rex and Bob were going to stay in mining or were going to mine, and I was going to staywith Grant and earn an income and then anything they took out of the mine we'd split it and then we'd split my wages. Well, theywent in there and started mining, took out some real good ore, but there was a lot of bad back and everything. It kept falling inon them all the time, and as a result we'd worked there about fourmonths and run up a bunch of big bills and everything and was about eleven thousand dollars in debt. And we did have a bunch of ore out
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 20D:which we figured was worth, oh, I don't remember, five or six thousand dollars. So what we did, we went to Grant and we says,well this is what the situation is. The mine is dangerous; there's still a lot of good ore there, but we don't, we can't continue mining it because the expense is too high. So he bought us out, he bought out our interest and ended up leaving each one of us a five percent royalty and he paid off all the bills and everything.How much did he give you for it?Well, we ended up, he ended up taking over all the bills, we shipped the ore ... actually what he ended up giving us for it was eleven thousand dollars because that's what, a lot of that eleven thousand dollars was money owed to him. So it didn't really, I think he ended up taking about three or four thousand dollars in bills, something like that. But as far as we were concerned it was eleven thousand dollars because we did owe him that much money.And then you shipped the ore . . .And then we shipped the ore and got some money there. Six thousand dollars?I don't remember what, what it was now. I think by the time weended up slitting we each got around fifteen hundred or somethinglike that. And that was pretty good. But anyway, why as we were making this same transaction, why then, Barbers run into their fault and soG:D:G:D:G:D:we went drilling for them and Bob and Rex went back to school.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 21D:That was about their ext ent of the mini ng business . Rex and Bob got into this explosion of Gary's sometime I guess. We'll makea record of it so that . They were lighting fuses and they were wet and as a result they took too long to get out of the mine and ended up getting blown up. And Rex was in the hospital for a long time. So they went back to school and I stayed and workedfor Grant and after I worked for him there, why, let's see, we didn't go to the reservation right then. What did we do then?Did you go up to the Rex claims? When you said you stayed mining for Grant, did you work for Rex claims?Yeah, come to think about it, what we did, there was a series of faults in there and we drilled out and found where the faults were and found out where the ore was and ended up going back in a D9 cat and stripping it. And that's when Grant made the most money he's ever made in the mining business as far as actually having something for, as far as expenses, because his cost was almost nil to operate that cat, and we just went in there and we stripped down to 60, 75 feet, down to where the ore was and stripped around the top of the ore and popped the ore up and then called for trucks and truckscame and hauled it off and we never had to, we never did touch the ore actually as far as hand mucking or mucking with a loader or anything. We just popped it up and loaded it right into the truck. Really a simple operation and it was real easy and the cost was just almost nothing. So we spent that year doing that. In '60 . . .G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 22G: Now, you're going along and yet you're going along like this and there's a fault, the fault is down; is that right? And then you go and find out what it was on the other side. What did you do with this, oh, 20 feet or so in between, where it had been, you know, where it was down 60 feet or so?D: Well, in this particular area it was down about 120 feet. And we stripped down to 75 feet about. And there was an area in there we thought we was going to be able to go on down and get it, but cometo find out, it had leeched out so bad that the ore wasn't worth itand ... What we did on the Barber's, the Barber's had a faultthat they had gone through. It was about, I don't remember the distance. We ran a drift down into it and found some really highgrade ore but it was just a big pocket. And there's still a pillar there that's probably 20 by 20 that's worth over five thousand dollars.G: Why didn't you take the pillar out?D: We daresn't or the whole world would fall in. It was just, it was always falling, it just, I was telling some people Sunday that inthe mining business you just live close to death all the time. Whenwe was in the Sandy, I might tell just some experiences about like close calls. The drifts are always falling in, sometimes little rocks and sometimes big rocks, but one time we went into Sandy Three and there was three of us in the shuttle car and one guy driving, and we got into the, we came into the, we went through the driftand came right into the mining part of it and just as we passed the
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 23D:opening into the mining part of it there was about ten ton ofrock fell. Had we been about two seconds sooner every one of us would have been completely crushed. Another experience that wehad at Hideout, I'll mention it while I'm into the stories of close calls. Dan Shumway and I were working out to the Hideout and we were pulling pillars where they had left these pillars of ore. We were pulling pillars and pulling back out of the mine.How do you pull a pillar?Well, what you do is, the pillars usually, oh, around 20 feet square, and what you do is you drill it and shoot it and try to pop it out away from where it might fall. And you take it a little bit at atime and then finally, you, why you've got the final part and when you shoot it it's all right there, and then you hurry and go in as fastas you can and try to muck it out before the thing falls.You might have a room 30 feet square in there.Well, this is about a hundred by three hundred.And there's nothing to support it.Nothing on top of it.You're in there shovelling up high grade in the middle of it.Well, mucking with loaders. We were using loaders this time.And we had this one room that I'm telling you about now that was about, that was about a hundred by three hundred feet long and thereG:D:G:D:G:D:G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 24G:D:D:was nothing to support it and we got down to this very last pillar.It wasn't a very large pillar. It was probably about 8 by 8 but everything seemed to be okay. There didn't seem to be any problems as far as anything coming in right at the present. We could tell it was moving a little bit, but you know, you always think, well, got another ten years before it actually falls in. So we shot this the night before and everything, and we usually did try to shoot the night before and then if anything caved, why then it would cave that night and then we'd go in the morning and muck it up. And we shot this the night before and went down and everything looked okay--just a little creaking once in a while and I could hear it. I was running the loader and Dan was running the car. And we started working in there and about 11:30 I got this funny feeling that we should go upto dinner. I mean it wasn't, I mean usually we didn't go to dinner until one o'clock or something like that. And finally, I got up and pulled the loader back up out and says, 'Dan, let's go eat.' 'I'm getting kind of hungry.' And so we went up to dinner, came back about 12:30 and right where I'd been mucking there probably was about a hundred thousand tons of stuff fallen right in that great big room. Just completely buried the whole room, and all the ore and stuff we had in there.So you just left the ore there.We just left the ore there and well, of course, we'd had to move a hundred thousand tons of rock even to get to it. And there wasn't too much left there anyway, but it's funny, you, I was thinking just
 INTERVIEW: Shumway pag 25D:the other day, you do one of two things usually in the mining business, being this close to death all the time. You either become quite spiritual and things with God or else you do justthe opposite and drink it up and booze it up and most of the miners went just the opposite. Because, of course, they weren't taught inth.e, in any other way most of the time. But you get to where you never know. You, this might be your last day. Where now, the pro- fession I'm in now, nobody gets killed as a salesman, you know. So so don't really think about life seriously like we did when we was in the mining business. But I had lots and lots of close callslike that all the time. When I was working Sandy Three, I might tell you a little more in this particular area. With Buddy and Iwas working Sandy Three and we'd just drilled a great big round,one of the biggest rounds we'd drilled there while we were in part- ners there. And we must have had about forty, fifty holes something like that. And, of course, I was only 18 and Buddy was only 16, I think at the time or I was 19 and he was 17 I guess the way it was. And, and I'd worked in the mines quite a bit up to this point but I'd never really had a lot of experience as far as the drilling and the shooting of it. I was, I could do it and everything you know, but until you've had a lot of years of experience, you don't know exactly how long you've got for a fuse and everything. And so wewere lighting, kind of the same thing like Rex did. We were lighting this round and we got clear over to the end and I could tell it was getting close, and I told Buddy, 'Let's get these lit and get out ofhere.' So, I lit the last one and it just so happened that this room
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 26D:had a pillar that came right out, half way out into the roomand it was about ten feet from that face of that pillar and weleft the heading and went around the corner of that pillar, we'd probably gone about 12 or 15 feet and all of a sudden they started going off. And we was using carbide lights in those days. And it knocked us down and knocked our carbide lights out and you can't imagine the concussion in that close, well you would because you're familiar with it, because you're familiar with it. But you're in a closed, confined area setting off ten sticks at a time and it's just the vibration just shatters your whole body everytime one goes off.Your ear drums just ...And the air movement is so great, and finally, Buddy says, 'Where's your light?' I says, 'I can't find it.' And he says, 'Well, here's mine.' So we hurry and light his light and just as we get it lit, another one would go off and blow it right out, and finally therewas just enough pause where we got it lit and we run just as fast as we could down the drift about a hundred, two hundred feet and then another one went off and put it out, but we was able to get outthat way. Of course, with ele~tric lights why you don't have that to worry about now, but with carbide lights we did. ButBob mentioned trying to grope around there in the dark with those blasts going off was a shattering experience.G:D:G:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 27D:Oh, you wouldn't believe it. I was really hard. And this same mine--tell you about another experience about a guy that got hurt-- we had this drift and it come up this hill, and as it come up the hill this leveled right off, and as you bring, brought this loader up, we've been mining there enough that we knew about it, here comesthis drift and then you come up this hill and then the motor will drop, the front end will drop, throw you right up into the ceiling if you don't watch it. And old Devon Hurst come in there anddidn't know about it, and as it dropped over this ledge, this little point, why it threw him right up into the ceiling, pinning him right in the back and just ruined his back, and he's still got a bad back from it.You mean it rared up in the air cause the wheels were off the ground?Well, so the back of the track was off, you know, and you know how it just, I mean, cats are always to the point of equalization, see, and you come up this one hill and of course the front of the wheels, the front of the track comes off a little bit and as the weight equalizes itself then the front drops and the back end comes up.And as it come up why it threw him right up. It was just barely, barely high enough anyway there you could get the top of the tank and stuff over that thing. There was a real narrow drift right there. So, and another experience that I had was a close call too,and at this particular time I was up to the Rex Claims mining and we had this one buggy we had at this real steep incline. This was whenG:D:we was drifted down into the part where Barber's had left, and we had
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 28D: this real steep incline and it was only about a hundred feet long and it was probably about 30 percent grade or something like that. Very, very steep. Just as a matter of fact, so steep that thefront of the shuttle car was kind of off the ground. It was just going off, you know. And we had this one shuttle car that really had good brakes, good emergency brakes and it would stop, hold it- self right on that steep incline with a load on. And we felt like we had to have that because the shuttle car was always popping out of gear or something like that. But it broke down one day and we had just a little bit more to muck out down there and we wanted to get it because it was always caving down there all the time and we didn't want to have to start all the stuff up. So I drove it out, drove the new one out, and we had this old shuttle car that was being used by the North Range for years and years and years. And it didn't hardly have any brakes. It didn't have any brakes. The emergency brake wasn't worth a darn. So Grant says, 'Dean, go get on that old shuttle car and go down in there and finish muckingthat out.' And I says, 'Boy, Grant, I don't want to do that.' So I says, 'What if something happened and that thing would break loose;it would drive me down that drift.' And he says, 'Oh, nothing'sgoing to happen. Don't be afraid.' I just really, I felt like I shouldn't you know. You know how a little voice tells you things like that, or whatever you want to call it. So finally he talked me into it. Calling me chicken and all of that kind of stuff in front of my friends, so I jumped on this old shuttle car and went down in thereand I don't remember who it was. Maybe it was Bob Payne I guess, loaded
 INTERVIEW: Shu~aypage 29D:me up and got me loaded up and I started coming backing up out of incline and all of a sudden, bang, just like that, and I had popped out of gear and I went flying back down that incline and it threwme up on the, what I was afraid of it was going to throw me clearoff and pin me in against the wall and just crush me and I was trying to hang on and it was throwing me all around and it threw me clearup on the battery box first, and it threw me clear up on the frontof the shuttle car and then it threw me back on the battery box and my old tail bone was so sore. And I went down and Bob had the loader pulled straight in like this. I was about five or six feet from the wall and that shuttle car hit that loader and drove the loader clear down against the wall and just messed up the whole place.That didn't throw you then?I didn't get thrown out by, but I was able to bounce around on things enough where by the time I got down there I was still sitting on the battery box. It scared the daylights out of me. It really bruised me up and everything really a lot and, but it was just so lucky because I just could have been crushed just so easy.Or run into Bob. I used to have a fear of being half way down that mine and having someone drilling down, because there's not enough room to step aside and let 'em by. And there's nothing, and you just feel a little bit of claustrophobia being in the very end of a mine and seeing this loader hurtling towards you anyway, because you realize it is filling up the total space and you're at the end of itG:D:G:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 30with nowhere to run or anything. It's, where was he?D: He was sitting on the loader. So he was safe because I hit justthe bucket. See the bucket was sticking out of the--out of the holewhere we were mining into this drift and we just hit the end of the bucket, and was ab.l:.e to drive it down. He was scared to death though.G: Did he know you were coming?D: No. He didn't know anything about it. All of a sudden I hit him. I didn't dare scream for fear he might get off and look. You know you have all these millions of thoughts that go through your mind.G: Yeah. Uh huh.D: If I started screaming why he'd jump off and look and then he'd be between the loader and the shuttle car. So as a result why I was bouncing all around. Scared the daylights out of me. But you know, I knew as well as I knew anything that something was going to happen. That's the reason I didn't want to go down there. But you don't know, you know; you just sense it.G: You just wonder if maybe you are just . . .D: Yeah, just really scared, yeah.G: Well, those old loaders really caus.ed their share of grief, I mean those shuttle cars.D: Oh yeah. Yeah, I had an experience which I haven't even mentioned. I worked out to Cottonwood, leased a mine out at Cottonwood all by
 INTERVIEW: Shumway pag 31D: myself when I was 17. Do you remember that?G: No, you mean--not before we graduated?D: No, just after we graduated . No, let's see. When was it? Maybe i t was just after, maybe it was just after I came back from BYU. ButI hired old Keith Burdick and a couple of guys to help me. But anyway, I had a similar experience with this on another incline with one ofthe old shuttle cars I had there at Cottonwood. Keith Burdick was driving it up forward instead of backing it up like he should havedone. And he was driving it up forward like this and got about three-fourths the way up the drift and it popped out of gear and it come down the drift and pinned him into the wall and he was in the hospital for almost a year.G: Were you working for Grant at that time?D: No. No, I was. working for myself. I had leased some claims from Shumway Brothers out there in Cottonwood.G: So what did you do as far as compensation? Did you have to pay his hospital?D: No, I didn't have to. ~e was goi~g to sue me because he claimedthat I was at fault but he never did. Somehow Merlin and Burdett got into where he was under their compensation. I don't know how. But itworked out okay. But he sure got messed up over it.G: He did recover completely though.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 32D:No, he still has never completely recovered. I think he lost one kidney over it. I haven't seen him for years and years and years. The last time I seen hdim was out as Mesa College. I went out to play basketball out there one time. He happened to be there and I talkedto him. He said he would never, ever have his full physical strength back. But I haven't seen him for a few years.How did you come out on that venture?Oh, I lost. Typical mining venture. Oh, I didn't actually lose any- thing on it, but I didn't get ahead or anything. And then Grant came along and offered me a good job too. So that's the main reason I got out of it. That and the ore was quite low grade and Merlin and Burdetthad a hard time selling it for me. So as a result why I got out of it. I went to work for Grant. I worked for Grant for years and years.I guess the rest of your total mining experience you were working with Grant weren't you?Yeah, he and his partner with him or else for him.Did you ultimately become a partner?Yeah, see after we got through with the Rex Claims, why that's whenwe went to Monument Valley in '63 and '64 I guess when it was. That's been a long time ago. Time sure passes. But anyway, why after the Rex Claim venture why we were kind of in, we didn't know quite whatto do and Grant, through his dealings with different people found out about this property in Monument Valley, and it had a lot of drillG:D:G:D:G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 33D: holes on it and everything but it had to have about fifty thousand dollars sunk into it to get down to it, and it was right out in the middle of the flat out there. It was down about two hundred and something feet and they drilled it out and they'd found some real good ore there, but it was kind of spotty as near as they could determine, and, but they'd had some real high grade holesin it too.G: Now, how was it on the floor, as I recall Monument Valley, the ore's up on top of those cliffs along there.D: Oh no, uh uh.G: Well, Goulding's is. Way up on top.D: Yeah, Gouldings is the only place though. Gouldings, where Bob Schriever got killed. I'll have to tell you about that. See every- thing sunk down. See everything's going down in.G: Y ou're south then of Gouldings?D: Well, yeah. Well, all the big mines were south of Gouldings.All the big mines actually in Monument Valley were on the floor. All of them, matter of fact, Monument Number Two is even on the floor,and Industrial Uranium. What the heck was the name of their mine?I worked on it for a long time. We used to drive up there, and Rasmussen Mining hauled out of that mine. What the heck was the name of it, clear over there. Monument Number One--Monument Number One.Yeah, and so, but anyway we done a lot of checking around and did some
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 34D:more drilling ourselves to try to prove it out and everything and it looked real good. And as near as we could determine there was a possibility of a lot of ore there. And so, what we did, Grant says,'Listen, you hire the wages and I'll furnish the equipment and we'll drift down into it and see what we can come up with.' So, that's what we did. What we did instead of running the drift all the way, we open-pitted it for about four hundred and fifty feet, at an in- cline of about seventeen and a hali degrees, if I remember right. Which, if you know anything about inclines is pretty steep. And we open-pitted about four hundred and fifty feet up and then we timbered it up and drifted down about another four hundred and fifty feet.What do you mean, it was on an incline and the ore body was ...Well, no. See the ore, the ore ran the, what it was, it was just a regular channel. It ran, it ran east and west and instead of drift- ing right down into it, going say either east or west, we came into it from the north and drifted down into it and then we figured we could both ways and that would give us two headings, which was thebest way to do it. And so that's what we did. We drifted in there about eleven hundred feet total on this incline, and . . .You mean, you were open-pitting the drift then, not in the ore?Yeah, we was open-pitting the drift. We had about an eleven hundredfoot drift that we had to drift into. We open-pitted about four hundred and fifty feet of it or so, and I guess we open-pitted about forG:D:G:D:hundred and fifty feet and then drifted under about six hundred feet.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 35D:But anyway, the drift itself, we drifted down in there and it was just perfectly dry all the way. Every now and then we'd hit a little tiny seed. But we'd just build a little sump off the side and it worked just beautiful. And we were making real good time. We were ahead of our schedule and everything and we just going good, and we figured we were within one round of the ore and Dan Barber, we were drilling and, Dan and I were drilling and we had two Indians hiredthat were mucking. And Dan and I were set up drilling and all ofa sudden I drilled, was drilling along there and water kept coming up more. I says, how come I'm using so much water all of a sudden and so I started cutting down the water on the jack hammer, kept turning it down, kept turning it down. The water just kept gettingworse, it just kept flowing more and more all the time, and finally why I looked over at Dan and he was doing the same thing. So we stopped drilling, pulled out our dri1ls stems and the water shot out of the drill about that far and so I told Dan, I said, 'Boy we'vehit a lot of water. We'd better go get some pumps.' So even before we could, we had a little sump pump that we'd used what we call a toilet bowl pump, that we'd been using in these little tiny seepsthat we'd had along the way, and so we set it up real fast and started pumping and the water, it pumps about 30 gallons a minute,and the water was going way faster than that, and before we couldget our jack hammers out back out of the way, the face was completely covered up with water. So we hurried and ran to Kayente. That was about 20 miles away, and called Grant and told him that we'd hitwater and we had to have some pumps. And by the time we got back
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 36D:G:D:there it was up to drift about two hundred feet. And by the time we got the pumps down the next day the whole incline was full of water.Boy, that's quite, that could be quite a water supply there.Oh, there's water down there. They've got, but we didn't think there was in this locality because we hadn't hit hardly any in the drilling. But what happened was the water supply comes in right next to the channel and not actually in the channel itself. But there was, there was water supplies over there, the other side they've got thousands of gallons minute. They could irrigate all of Monument Valley if they wanted to.Why aren't they?The Indians just don't want to. They know the water is there and everything, but they just don't want it.Man, oh man. That country would be a peach growing country or something or something like that and it wouldn't quit.Oh, yeah. There's one mine over there that they worked for several years pumping three hundred and fifty gallons a minute out of it, and you know the city of Pleasant Grove up here which is a city of about, what is PG, about 10,000 or so?G:D:G:D:G: Yeah.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 37D:G:D:G:D:G:D:And they only use 400 gallons a minute for that many people. So imagine what they could do if they started opening up these water holes and stuff down there, but anyway . . .It's water that's potable, i .t 's drink.able.Oh, yeah.And it is.n't too high in minerals . . .Well, s.ome of it's a little. hi.gh in minerals. But there are placeswith j us.t excellent water, j us,t absolutely excellent water.How about this that you were working?Where we were working we drank i.t all the time. We always had a little can there and we'd dip i.t out and drink it. Real good water, cool and nice. But anyway the sad thing about this part of our venture was the fact that we had a clay back and by the time wegot the water pumped back down it just caved in and almost completely filled up the original drift. As a matter of fact, we, it was actually higher than the origi_nal drift in some areas and so wehad to muck the whole thing and the flrift now was just sopping andwet. And even though it was s.ome areas, some areas was on Moencope and some areas was. on clay and it was--we had to finally put big old chains on the shuttle cars to get out. And finally we ended up having to timber the whole drift. We got big four by twelves and timbered the whole drift. And there was enough water then. Afterthis., it seemed like the water just kind of started coming out of
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 38D:every place. And, and it was dripping onto these boards and these boards would get wet so we had to go back to our chains again. And with the chains we'd tear up the. boards and cave in, and oh, it wasjust a ,ness. You can't believe the problems we had with that place. One right after another. And finally, why we got drifted back in there and got it timbered back up again and got down and finished drilling that round and shot it and that broke us into the ore.And, of course, now we were really elated because we was into theore and we had our wate.r problems. solved we thought and then things were just going beautiful. And so we started rooming out and we'dhad eight or nine feet of ore, really good ore. And we got roomedout there and we had gone back west. We went about 20 feet going east. We'd gone about 20 feet and had a real good size room in there. And what we'd done we'd hired this night watchman, this Indian to be our night watchman to watch the pump during the night so that if anything happens, why he could either call us in Mexican Hat or else just open up the valve or whatever needs to be done because we didn'twant to get flooded out again. So one night why we'd just shot a great big round, the biggest round that we'd shot to this point,and we'd probably shot around fifty tons of real good, excellentore, and we told, Tom came to work, it was about seven o'clock in the evening. I remember this jus.t as vividly as if it had happened rightnow.Tom who?Tom Jones. And he was a Navajo, and so he came to work, and Dan and I got in my pickup and Tom was leaning up against the trailer house,G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway 39D: we had this big trailer house we had f or our shop because you can ' t build anything on the reservation because you have t o leave itthere and the Indians. would just destroy it anyway . So we bought usa trailer house, one that had burned out, and used it for ourselves. So, finally, why, well, so Tom was leaning up against the trai l er house smoking a cigarette and we said goodby to him, and told him to be sure to watch the pump and everything, and left. The next morning about seven o'clock, we was working about 12 hours, and the next morning about seven o'clock, Dan and I came driving up. And old Tom's pickup was sitting there with the hat in the back of the window down against the seat there, but no Tom. So I, I says, 'I wonder whereTom is?' And he says, 'I don't know. Let's go back to the trailer house and see if Frank Jackson and Jimmy Manheimmer and some of those guys know.' That'd be some good Indians to interview if you want some good Indians.G: We have interviewed Jimmy Manheimmer.D: Have you?G: Uh huh. But probably not at the length we should have. I don't think he mentioned anything about this.D: Oh, didn't he really? Oh, I'll go on with my story and include that one on this. Anyway, why they says, 'Well, there was a pickup that come through about three o'clock that morning and he never did comeback. ' And so, we don't know if--if it's not over there huh?' 'No, it's not there.' 'Well, we don't know what's happened to Tom.;' So
 D: anyway, Dan and I were going to work on the equipment that morning for a little while that day, we had some repair work to do. So I says, 'Listen, I'll run down in the mine and make sure the pump's okay and then you do what you need to do on that buggy and thencome on down.' And he says, 'Okay.' So I went over and jumped on the loader, started down into the incline and I got just about 50 feet from the bottom, and I could see that the water was kind of high but there was a plastic water hose laying across the drift that had been there for a couple of days and I says, 'I'm going to shut this thing off' so I shut the water off and bent down and picked up the piece of plastic hose and hung it up on the wall. And I was close enough that I just ran on down in there instead of taking the ladder. And I ran on down in there and I could see that the waterwas real high so I ran out into the water and as I run into the waterI noticed there was this wet suit laying in the water there, and I thought it was just a wet suit, and I says, 'Those dang Indians. I'm not going to have anything to keep me dry today. They let that thing lay there.' So, I went out and turned the valve up all the way and turned around and the water was just, if it'd been another hour we'dhave lost the mine again, because it was just up to where it was starting on the electric motor. So I turned back around and walked back and reached down to pdi.ck up this wet suit and I looked down and I could see this monkey face with a moustache and there lay old TomJones right on his back with, underneath the water. And oh, it, you know, talk about a terrifying, shocking experience. There I was downpage 40
 INTERVIEW : Shumway pag 41D:G:D:G:D:G:D:in pitch black, down in the mines and the water apparently was muddy when Tom had laid down there and it, as it had settled, it settled over his face . And I just went, you know, I just took off running just as fast as I could up to ...Did you just have a miner's lamp on?Yeah. Just a miner's lamp.You could see him well enough just with your lamp.Yeah.Down into the water.Yeah. And I had to look twice. I remember looking twice to make sure. I looked down and thought, well, no, that's something wrong, and I looked again and it was. So you want to talk about somebody running eleven hundred yards in nothing flat. I ran eleven hundred yards in nothing flat. I got to the top and says, 'Dan, Tom Jones is down in the mine dead.' And he says, 'He can't be.' And I says, 'He sure is. Come and look.'This. is Dan Shumway?No, this is Dan Barber.Oh, uh huh.So we walked back down in there. By then the pump had pumped down enough to where his face wasn't underneath the water. And I rememberG:D:G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 42D: Dan and I was sitting there, and you know, you're just kind ofin a state of shock and we was sitting there looking at him andnot really saying anything. All of a sudden Dan turned to him and says, 'Tom, get the hell out of here. You're not supposed to belaying there.' He was just in a kind of shock too, you know. Andso, anyway why we pumped the water down. We had to wait for thewater to pump down because we didn't dare leave it and go call Grant. So we went, and we waited a little while, went up and told the Indians, told Frank and Jimmy to kind of watch the pump and make sure it kept pumping, and we were going to go and call Grant and tell the police.So we went and called Grant and he says, 'Well, call the police and tell them about it and I'll fly down and be there just as soon as I can.' So we told the police, and the police called Fort--I can't remember what it was.G: Defiance?D:No, it wasn't Fort Defiance. I always think of Fort Collins but that wasn't it. But anyway, it was where they had their criminal head- quarters. And they says, 'Don't move anything. Don't touch anything till we get there, and we'll be there in about six hours.' So, this was about nine o'clock in the morning, you know. And we, so we went back to the mine and one of the policemen followed us up there andwe took him down and showed him Tom Jones and we didn't notice any- thing, or didn't move anything or touch anything. And we had to keep going down in the mine all the time. I mean it was so erie walkingby a dead man all the time, down in the dark. If it hadn't been dark
 D: you know, then we could, but anyway, why, when Jimmy and Frank found out about it, the Indians have a tradition that if anybody dies then you have to move. And so they quit us that day. And there was-Tom'sblood was in that water and it was all over the walls and they weren't going to have anything to do with it. And so we waited from about8:30, 9:00 in the morning till about 6:00 that night and finally, why the criminal investigators came from Fort Defiance, and we hauled him out on the loader and they investigated, and they, there was two or three alternatives I'll briefly mention. Number one was that there was a big rock that was down, but they took an autopsy of Frank'sbody and there wasn't hardly a bone in his body that wasn't broke,and his kidneys and all of his midsection was just shattered completely. And according to the autopsy he couldn't have lived over from three to five seconds after it happened. But he was about fifty feet away from this rock. The funny thing about it was, it looked like that whatever happened he came up there and sat down in this one place and had just leaned back, he had taken off his watch and set it over to the side like that and just fallen backwards, and his hat in there. His light was still on but it was real dim. It was muddy when I seen him the first time. But he'd fallen back and so they figured that, that some-body that came there that morning at three o'clock had probably got in between two cars and run him against those two cars and then put him in this suit and taken him down there and set him there and left him like that. Either that or else somehow, some way, he had got under- neath that rock, but they couldn't see how the rock could bust him up that much.PAGE 43
 G: And let him get out from underneath it and walk down there and take his watch off and sit down.D: And there was no evidence of him digging his way out from underneath the rock or anything.G: Was there any blood on the rock or ... ?D: No, no blood or anything. But he had been sitting all around thatarea. His shovel was right next to that rock. Like he'd even been prying on the rock, you know. Well, I don't know. Nobody really knows. The criminal investigator done a lot of investigating. They couldn't find any evidence of foul play. There was some people there but, and they finally found out who they were, but they say that they justcame to talk to Tom and left. And ...G: Did they come right in when they ... ?D: Oh no. They didn't, they took 'em two or three months before they finally found out who it was who had been there.G: Did they know all this time that he had been killed?D: Well, of course, we had his funeral and everything, and anyway, what they did, they took him, they took his body, brought it back up and had a funeral for him. I had to dress him. The Indians won't touchhim or anything. Boy, that's an erie feeling. And you know, I think I could do it pretty good if it wasn't somebody I know. But Torn, I knew Tom real well, but just to see him laying there and to have to handlehim you know, you just ... Of course this isn't too good to say onpage 44
 D:this probably. You just get the feeling that there's more to life than this body. And then I look at his body, you know, and there hewas not moving, cold as a corpse, just stiff as he could be and you think, gee, Tom. Why don't you enter back in here. Let's get going. You get all kinds of wierd thoughts, you know. So anyway, his widow got compensation. I guess she probably still is, and, for Tom's death in Arizona state. I don't know if there's too much more on that. Any- way, maybe I could finish the story on this particular mine, what happened. After Tom diedBefore we get on. Do you feel, was the conclusion that it was simply an accident?I really don't know.What was the official report?The official report on it was undecided. There was not enoughevidence to do, to do anymore investigating and, of course, I think the Indians just left it that way anyway. See if they could have proved,I always maintained that's one reason they took so long to even findthe people that caused, that might have killed him. If they could have proved that he had been criminally killed why then he wouldn't have gotten any compensation from the state. And so, as a result I've always felt like, well, he's dead and he's an Indian and no good's going to come out of investigating it. So, we'll just go ahead and say it's anaccidental death. And I think that's what they, I don't know if they ever did put that actually on the reports or not. Accidental death.G:D:G:D:pag 45
 D: Because last time I talked to the lieutenant about it, they were still undecided as what, especially after the autopsy. They just, nobody could figure out. But anyway, I'm sure that's the reason nothing was carried out on it.G: But his widow did get compensation for it?D: Yeah, I heard sometime later one of the Indians down there told methat he knew who killed Tom.;, And I asked him if he was just saying that, and he says no. There were some guys that hated him that lived overin the valley and showed me where they lived and everything and he says,'But you can't get them.' He says, 'Because they're protected.' So, and they have, and then you hear all kinds of Indian legend stories, you know.G: Well, you mean protected by some other, police or protected by spirits?D: Protected by their own people.G: It wouldn't be going into their religion?D: No. I heard some stories that Tom had disobeyed the witch doctor,they don't call him a witch doctor--Medicime man and had gone to get some of the things that--and from what I gathered he wanted the jobof medicine man. And this other Indian wouldn't let him get it and so they kind of ended up rivals over it and they, they--and he was causing a big stink. Some of the reports we got after it kind of settled, andthen people started talking about it. But he was causing a big stink over this medicine man business, and it might have been the medicine manpage 46
 D: who hired someone to go in there and do it. Cause there was a lot of things that went on like that. I know there was, just a couple of years before that there was Frank Jackson, tells of an Indian that--a whiteguy that came into the country there and went down to--no, it was Oljetah, and had this big beautiful white horse and this Indian, one of theG:D:G:D:Indian chiefs that were around there, wanted that horse and went down and offered to buy it from him and he says, 'No, I won't ~ell it.' One day he caught him--Frank even showed me where the guy's grave was and everything. Approximately, you know. And one day . . .Within a hundred yards or so?Oh, yeah. He pointed to a hill is what it was. And he says, 'That's where he buried him.' But he caught this guy with the beautiful white horse out in the middle of the valley there and killed him and buried him there.The guy that was pointing it out to you was the one that done it or ... ?No, no. Frank Jackson was the one that pointed it out to me and one of the chiefs had done it. And he, and so anyway, why this did exist. There was killings going on down there, the people just never talked about it or anything, and Frank told me at the time,'Bon't you ever say anything to anybody because they'll get me.'G: I guess there's some fairly wealthy people as far as Navajos go. They are pretty strong family there, who got rather expensive horses and ...D: Yeah. There's a lot of . . . They have really a strong unity among themselves that I wasn't aware of until after this deal with Tom.pag 47
 INTERVIEW: ShumwayD: I mean, you know, I knew a little bit about it, but they, there'sa lot more to the religion than what I have given credit for up to this time. They, well, after this time why after Frank had quit he came back a couple weeks later and we got talking. He'd been on peyote and at the time we were preaching Mormonism to him and trying to get him to become Mormon. I think he actually was a Mormon, ifI remember right. I know Jimmy Manheimmer was, and either he wasor his wife was. I don't remember which. But we were trying to get him to do something. And he come back a couple weeks after Tom had been killed. He says, 'I seen Tom last night.' And I says, 'Oh, really. Where'd you see him?' And he says, he says, á'Oh we had this big sing.' And he says, 'Me and my wife and all my kids had peyote. ' And he says, 'I seen God and God tell me which church to join. He says, "Don't you join protestants and don't you join Catholics." He says, "You join the American Church of the Indians. That's the trueand only church for the Indians." ' And he says, 'God had lots of beautiful women around him and Tom was sitting over in the corner and I went over and talked to Tom and he says he was okay. Not to worry about him.' And he told us all kinds of stories like that, you know.G: Somemore...D: Well, I can't remember. That's the one that really stuck in my mind.We got talking about peyote really quite a bit after that experienceand trying to convince him that it was just hallucatory effects that was causing it. 'And no, I know, I seen them. You can't tell me that I didn't see it. I see it,' he says. And, oh, he talked about beautifulwhite horses that they had in heaven, and where God was. He says, 'I talkpage 48
 INTERVIE'W: Shumway page 49D:G:D:G:D:a lot with God. God tells me lots of things. ' And things likethat I remember. There's one other story I used to remember but I can't remember now what it is at this time, about visiting with God. I can't remember. I can't remember right now.Had Tom Jones been a part of the peyote cult that's rather strong down there?Yeah. Well, he, actually he had only been into it just a couple months before Tom was killed, and after Tom was killed it kind of put a fear in both him and Jimmy.I mean was Tom Jones ...Oh, Tom Jones, not Frank. Yeah. Kind of the way I got the story from Frank was that he actually got Frank started on it. And this was another angle that went through our minds a lot was that maybe he would, had got on this peyote or something and some of his friends got on it and went down to see him and got mad or something. But I asked Frank about this and he says, 'Well,' he says, 'I don't think that'd beright because when we on peyote we very peaceful.' He says, I asked him one time how he felt about getting his kids on it. And he says,'Nothing wrong with kids on peyote. They sit there singing, have good time.' He says 'We just sit around all night long, all day long; sing and dance and have a good time.' So I don't know. He says they never get real violent with, on peyote. But there's--you know--I've heardall through my life about anybody, anybody dying in a teepee, why then they just move away, and apparently it's very true because that's what theydid when Tom died down there. Actually, I think Tom and Jimmy would
 rnTERVIEW: Shumway page 50D: have stayed if it hadn't been for their wives, but their wives had such a stronghold on them that they had to stay.G: You mean Frank and Jimmy?D: Frank and Jimmy I mean. And so they did stay, or they did leave and Jinuny went right to work with, out into Colorado I think for your brother or somebody. And Frank he hung around down in the Valley there for quite a long time. He came up to see us quite often.G: Where is he now?D: I don't know. The last time I seen him was in Monument Valley.G: Do you know where he lived?D: Yeah. Yeah, he lived, do you know where the Three Sisters are?G: Uh huh.D: Out in that area. Tom had a beautiful home out there too. Really, he was really quite highly educated. He was one of the few Indians that would actually live in a home, in a frame house. Most of them wouldn't at that time. I don't know if they still do or not. I think they're getting better at it.G: How, how prevalent was this peyote cult when you were there, amongst the American Indian.D: It was really strong, it was really growing, really growing fast. There's lots and lots of Indians we used to talk to that was going
 INTERVIEW: Shumway pag 51D:on this. What it was, this old, as near as I could find out from the investigating I done on it, was this old preacher from back Eas.t had come out here and invented this and man, these Indians just worshipped him. But you wouldn't see him very often. Hewouldn't associate with white people hardly at all. He'd always ass.ociate with just the Indians.What was his name?I don't remember. I just was trying to think of it as I ... It wasn't Father Leebler that you're talking about?No, it wasn't Father Leebler. He was--he was stationed around Kayente area. No, but he was. real strong and he was getting stronger all the time. Now after a couple of years after that I was down there, somebody was telling me that they'd broke him and they'd kicked him completely out and ousted him and the Indians themselves were taking over the American Church of Indians. So, I don't know. There's. a lot of mystery and a lot of wonderment about that country down there.Uh huh. Monument Valley has an enchantment beneath the obvious enchantment.Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So much so that there's so many stories around the canyon area,Oljetoh area, and Gouldings, that's the reason and that's where they get that Rock of Gibraltar or El Capitan. El Capitan supposed to mean place of killings, where they used to takeG:D:G:D:G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 52D:G:D:G:D:all their animals up there and kill them. Has something to do with blood or something, I don't know.Yeah, Agathla. Navajo isn't it, which means, which is, it means what? It means real fine sheep's wool or something, has something to dowith sheep.Yeah. Has something to do with sheep. I used to know too but Ican't remember. Yeah, Agathla, that's right. I wouldn't remember it.Do you remember any of those stories of . . . ?Oh yeah. I remember one story. I used to hear really a lot of them. Indians are afraid of Agathla. There'ás lots of evil spirits there and they all know it. We had this one, when I was branch president there, we had this one Indian who used to go to church a little bit and he would never drive down past Agathla alone, cause he says one time, well, it happened to him two or three times, that's the reasonhe's completely afraid of it now, but he'd drive down through there and all of a sudden all of these things would come up in front ofhim and he'd try to, he had two wrecks in his cars trying to miss these, these spirits and stuff that were in front of his car. I remember that quite a bit. And, and oh, there's some stories aboutthe evil spirits taking somebody up there and killing them and they found them there the next day. Very likely actually. With our beliefit is anyway. We, we could believe that was a gathering place for them.G:Uh huh.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway pag 53D: But, oh there's so much of this stuff you hear. There was an Indian killed right at Mexican Hat. He was underneath a truck and fixing it and the jack fell and killed him and the Indians said it was evil spirits, the Werewolf Man. They don't call him Werewolf Man. Now what is it?G: W olf Man.D: Yeah, Wolf Man. And anyway, why after that, after he was killed, this Wolf Man wondered around Mexican Hat and he'd walk into people'shomes and take anything he wanted to, and they would see him and everything. He actually was, he actually had this sheepskin is what it was, over and nobody could see his face or anything, and apparently he even had, if I remember right he had but it so that the face ofthe sheep was still with him. And he was supposed to be a wolf man or something. And he, they let him walk right in and take anything he wanted and never do anything or say anything. Because he killed this one guy see, they say, to prove that he was still powerful and the saying went around that if you opposed him, why he would kill you also.G: And you think there actually was a person going around doing this?D: Well, yes. Of course, the educated would tell you it was a guy from over in Monument Valley that was scaring the Indians so that he could steal this stuff. And he was just stealing the stuff and going down to Gallup and buying booze with it.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 54G: Then they knew the person.D: Yeah, some of them knew the guy. But he was still the Wolf Man to them.G:D:And yet people were just tyranized, just frightened to death . . . Because the jack was supposed to be a good jack and everything andall kinds of things. You can't imagine the superstitions the people have until you actually get faced with it. And then, then you don't talk sense to them or anything. Just like Frank and them leaving.We took a big hose and washed down the walls and everything. There's no, there was no Tom Jones' blood down there or anything. But you couldn't reason with those Indians. Oh, that's terrifying though, you know. They had, they told us so many stories the next two or three days about evil spirits and that kind of stuff, for two or three weeks after that I wouldn't hardly be in that mine alone by myself. That's about the effect that it has on you. It took me a long time to where I'd actually stay down there by m~self. And then after awhile, of course, it all leaves and everything and then you're okay. Every now and then I'd, a noise would happen down in the mine and I would say, 'Tom, get out of here.' It become kind of a jokeafter while. But you see they claim that-that spirit stays wherehe was killed. That it doesn't leave. And so that was Tom's resting place for the rest of his life was right there. His spirit anyway.G:And none of them would go down there at all?
 INTERVIEW: Shumway pag 55D: Uh huh. As a matter of fact a lot of times they told us they were taking food down to Tom so he'd have something to eat. And, of course, they told us they did it at night after we'd leave. I never did see any evidence of it, but . . .G: Maybe he ate it up. How long did you work down there then?D: We were there for two years.G: Did you stay down long after this?D: Oh, yeah. Actually this was, we stayed better than a year after this and worked and we really produced a lot of ore, but it was such that our expenses were so high that we were just a little, every monthwe might go just a little bit under and we'd keep thinking, well, if could cut down in this area, well, then we'll make a little. If we cut down in this area and we just--I mean, we had ore and the orewas there, but the expense of getting it out and it was never quite big enough to where we could get out--if we could just get out a few more tons a day we could have made out, went ahead a little bit each month. But because of the water conditions, incline conditions, water on the incline and sometimes we'd have to push every load out; the loader and shuttle car would have to go right out and that's really expensive. And every month we just, we'd just go a little bit behind and after--after two years of it, why we could see that we--we ended up better than $14,000 in debt on it. I ended up better than $14,000in debt on it and Grant ended up around $30,000 in debt on it. But
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 56D: you know, just a thousand dollars a month or $1.;500 a month you think, and in mining business that's nothing you know. And yet, you takeit over a two year period; it adds up pretty fast. And you just think, well, a thousand dollars a month. If we could have justmade an extra fifty dollars, an extra fifty tons a month which we were getting. Well, we was getting between seven hundred and athousand tons a month out of there. Let's see, I think the biggest months we had was seven hundred S"~mething come to think about it.G: Why, if you're having to pay these big expenses of keeping the water down and all this, why didn't you run three shifts?D: Well, because, well we did run two for awhile, but the biggest problem was the supervision and the people knowing what to do and everything. Finally, why Dan and I split up. Dan took one shift and I took one shift, but there's The actual pumping of water wasn't a big expense because we could pump the water for just about next to nothing, you know. Because we could just run, it was costly, but nothing like the actual mining end of it was. And that was the reason we were so careful about if we did run two shifts to make sure we had qualified personnel on each shift and every minute counted. And the thing about it is, one of the problems was getting parts and having somebody of authority to do things if something went wrong you know. It just asa result we finally went back to one shift. It worked out better for us that way because we'd worked about 12 hours a day and so I mean we only had to pump for 12.
 G:D:Could you have economically have run a drift on an incline from below that would have run the water out, you know, and meant that you could have had a dry tunnel or fairly dry . . .Well, no, because it was so far under, and the further down that way the deeper it got, see. Had we run, well, had we known at thetime, we could have, we got far enough up there we got almost completely out of the water, but the further that way we got the worse ore we had too. And so we kept trying to go that way. Butthe big problem was while you're actually mining, why you are getting all this mud and stuff is running down into the pumps and this isthe big expense, we went to stainless steel and pillars and stain- less steel and pillars were costing us 90 dollars a day and we might get one week out of it. And usually not that long. And so, actually, if we weren't mining it was a lot cheaper, but just--and the mud and stuff. There was nothing to do with the mud and we'd have to haul it out. And so finally we just blocked that end off and made a big sump out of that. The mine itself was on such an incline that all the mud from everything was carried clear down into there and before long that would fill up and then try to pump that out and oh, we did, one mess after another.Now they're having a good deal of success out in the Grants, New Mexico area with leeching.Yeah, that's what I understand.G:D:G:Yeah, I wonder, is the ore still there in this mine?INTERVIEW: Shumwaypag 57
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 58D:G:D:G:D:G:D:G:D:Yeah.And you've got the water right there. It may be a proposition that ...Eventually. Yeah, the main problem, the reason they wouldn'tdo it right now is because of the thickness of it. It's only 8 foot thick, where down there they've got 150 foot thick veins of ore. They used to anyway. I don't know if they still do or not.Yeah. Their's is a fairly thick one.Well, I think most of their stuff is 40 to 50 foot, isn't?Uh hum.Or isn't it?My impression is that most of it they're mining isn't anywhere near that thick and the percentage is lower. I mean if they have 20 hundredths they're feeling pretty good about it.Yeah. Well, when Grant first opened up Homestake Mining a bunch of them, Haystack Mining, they went down there and unleaded. They were mining 150 foot veins. It wasn't running much, but you get that kind of volume out, I mean, gee, they were having all kinds of problems too. (tape stops for a second) Do you want me to just start talking about .Well, you, this proposition just became so expensive there that you finally gave it up?G:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 59D: Yeah . Well , actually the climate and the main reason we gave it up was we 'd had, we ' d t imbered a section of the mine and we'd hiredsome white guys to work for us since the Indians wouldn't work there anymore. And we were paying them real good money. And some of them making seven or eight hundred a month.G: Would the Navajo Department allow you to do that, t o have no . . . ? D: Oh, yeah. As long as the Indians wouldn't work you can hire them.Anyway, why, in the way of finalizing things, one night these two guys got drunk and got mad at me because I was working them so hard. And there was one section of the mine that was quite dangerous, they felt, and it was even more dangerous than what they , it was more dangerous to them than what I thought it was. And they wanted me to stop thewhole operation and timber it up. And I told them I just couldn't afford to do it. And I couldn't. And there was a section right next to the section we had timbered. And so one night they got drunk and went down and took some dynamite and shot in this timber. And just thewhole country just come in there and actually just blocked off the whole entrance way. And that was really a fine idea. And so what we did then was just built a path up over this big pile and go down and pull all our equipment out and left.G: So the ore is still there.D: The ore's still there. Good ore, about four feet of 50 hundredths going one way and then there's about, there's about six and a half feet of 20 hundredths going the other. So it's a real good ore.
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 60G: The ore is blocked that way, so you know there's a reserve still there?D: Well, there's still some there. In our one rig there there's quite a bit of it.G: Did you drill out so that you know what is there?D: Well, yeah, it was all drilled before we went in. It was pretty well blocked out and we knew the estimated amount that was--I don'tremember now--the total tonnage--30,000 tons or something like that.G: How much is there left of that? How much of a percentage?D: Oh, we only probably, if we took 15 percent of the total we did really good. There's a lot of stuff back there but . . .G: Kind of a sad mine though from the beginning.D: Yeah. We had nothing but heartaches from the very beginning with the whole thing, clear to the end, and that was just a finalizing straw. I was tired of living on nothing and everything, so I just said, 'To heck with it.'G: What did you do to the guys that had done it? Anything, was there anything ?D: No, there really wasn't anything we could do. Neither one of themhad anything and I don't know. Finally we got them to admit they had done it, but you know, what could we get out of it really. They didn't
 INTERVIEW: Shumway pag 61D: have anything. We could have taken them to court and put th m i n jail or something like that. But what good would it have done.G:D:You didn't hire them again though.No. As a matter of fact, this one guy kind of hinted around after we got up to the Hideout that he'd like to come up there and work. No way would I ever hire him, but After that I went to the, Grant and I leased the Happy Jack or Hideout which was a real big producer in it's time, and went in and stripped it out and that was where I had a lot of close calls with pulling pillars and that kind of stuff. It was back in the hills better than a mile and a half. We worked there quite a bit and made a little money. But we were having struggles and Grant was in real rough shape financially and I was too. Finally, I just quit and went driving a logging truck. That was about the end of my mining career.Ana so you went from there to selling.There's a lot of job opportunity selling. I've been doing that for about four years now.Do you think you'll ever go back to mining? Do you ever have any urge to ... ?No, I don't think I'll ever go. Oh, I got talking to a guy the other day about it and I kind of got a little feeling, you know, which I haven't felt for a long, long time. Oh, I suppose if somebody gotme involved in it a little bit, why I might go back. I don't know.G:D:G:D:
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 62D:G:D:G:D:But I just kind of stayed away from it because I don't want to go back. Once you get it in your blood, it's almost impossible to get it out.You really do feel a compulsion in that direction then or ... ? Oh yes, if I get talking about it.You do enjoy it. I know the way I feel about mining, I just dread the very thoughts of it, you know.I really enjoyed mining. The thing that really drove me out of it was financial things. And I suppose if I could go back, I wouldn'tgo back on a wage deal. If I'd go back, and I knew I was going to make real good money, and I knew I was going to make it, I'd go back. But those things don't exist--you don't go back. And I have a good job where I'm at, good conditions.You don't have to work nearly as hard.No, no. I work about five hours and that's spent driving around, talking around.G:D:G: Yeah.D: And I wouldn't have minded it if you weren't just filthy dirty coming from the mine until you come out. That used to just, I'm kind of a clean nut anyway, and that's one thing that always bothered me about the mining business, having to be so dirty. It always did. But there's a lot of excitement and a lot of--it's just the anticipation
 INTERVIEW: Shumway page 63D: that keeps you in the mining business . Next round we ' re going to break into something big. The next day we're going to start making big money, or why, the next day we're going to open up a new mine and it's just the anticipation of always something bigger and some-thing better.G: Just, just feeling that there's something on the other side of the hill. In other words, a Daniel Boone could go look for the other sides that are now gone, and yet in the mines you are coming toward new horizons every day.D: Yeah. And it's interesting too, because you've got a vein you're trying to follow and to, to be skilled enough to know you're following right along with it instead of letting it go by and you go drifting out into no good rock, and that kind of stuff. There's a lot to the mining business that just drives you on, keeps you going with it.G:D:The reason I did it for 15 years, but I don't think I'll ever go back. I really don't.You were going to tell me something in conclusion, something about Bob Schriever.Oh, yeah. Bob Schriever came into the country, oh, I guess it -was about '57, '58 and he came in here driving a truck and he got involved in the mining business and he had an old friend that had some mines out right straight across the canyon from the Sandy. They called them theRebels, and this guy worked them for years and years just piddling around here and there, and doing a little cat work and everything, but
 INTERVIEW: Shumwaypage 64D: never really doing anything with them. And finally Bob got intoit somehow to where he ended up with the claims. And the old guythat had them ended up going back East or someplace. And Bob, hewas just a hermit kind of, at heart, and he was sociable and he was really a great guy and everybody liked him but he just, he was just kind of a hermit at heart. He went out there and took all the money. He went back East and borrowed some money from his mother and bought him some equipment and started drifting in there and he drifted in andhit a big pot of ore and run both ways on it, and he run for about a thousand feet and really made a lot of money at it. He was very successful in the mining business and put it away himself. This is the only guy I know of that, that ended up with a lot of money in the mining business. And he mined it for four or five years and afterit ran out he started looking around for other property and done a bunch of staking and stuff and to make a long story short ended up in partners with Red--I can't remember his first name, in Blanding that had some property down on the top of the butte in Monument Valley. The butte stands about a thousand, fifteen hundred feet straight up and down. And so they took a cat down there and blasted and shot theirway to the top of the butte. Bought a six by six army truck and that was the only thing they could get up and down the hill with. So what they did, they broke into this pretty good vein of ore there and he built him a bin and he'd take this six by six and put a bed on it and he'd haul the ore down to the bottom and other trucks would come in and haul it in to Shiprock. He was hauling in to Shiprock. And, hewas there for oh, six or eight months while we were working over to
 INTERVIEW: Shumway pag 65D:this mine of ours in Monument Valley. And one day, why, on a Thurs- day, I had left the mine and had gone to Blanding to get some parts and see some things, seems like I had an appointment or somethingup there. And I was up to Tim Perkins about six o'clock in the evening and I got this--the phone rang, and Tim went over and answered the phone and he says, 'Dean, it's for you.' And I went over there and they said, 'Dean Shumway?' And I says, 'Yes.' Andhe says, 'We have an emergency call for you to call Monument Valleyand so to call Dr. Madson or Hansen or whatever his name was down there.' So I called down there and he says, 'Dean, do you know anything about mining business?' And I says, 'Yeah, I've got that mine right next to you guys down there.' And he says, 'I thought you did.' He says, 'I think I've seen you in there before.' He says, 'Listen, do you know the guy that has the mine up on the hill from us here?' AndI says, -.-Yeah, that's Bob Schriever. ' And he says, 'Yeah, that's right. I couldn't get the name straight.' But he says, 'One of his Indiansis here and he can't find Bob Schriever. He says he hauled a loaddown off the hill and come back up and he couldn't find Bob Schriever.'And I says, 'Well now that's sure funny.' And he says, 'He thinks he's buried under a big pile of rocks or something.' He says, 'Some- thing gave way and he thinks Bob's under this big pile of rocks.'And he cays, 'Can you come down and help us out.' He says, 'You're the only one we know that has anything to do with mining.' So I says,'Okay.' So Tim and I called Grant and the three of us and Jughead dashed down to Monument V alley.
 INTERVIEW: Shumwaypage 66G: Jerry Holladay is Jughead?D: Yes. Better get that straight again. Dashed down to Monument Valley and .G: You flew down?D: No, we went down in a jeep because it was dark then. By this time, by the time we got everybody rounded up it was dark and by thetime we got down there it was almost ten o'clock at night. And so we drove up to the top of his mine and got the lights out and looked around and I turned to the doctor and I says, 'Doctor, I'll tell you right now where is he. He's right down at the bottom of that cliff.' And what had happened, he had built, had this perpendicular wallthere and he had taken and pushed a whole bunch of dirt and made him so he could set this bin on it. And then built a shute from the tunnel as it come out from the tunnel and he put some boards so you could run the shuttle car up into the bin. And what had happened was that the bin, the outside legs of the bin had given way as he drove the shuttle car up on it. And as he drove the shuttle car on it,they gave way and the back end of the shuttle car dropped down and acted just as a boomerang and threw Bob Schriever right straight over that cliff. And we drove back down to the bottom of that cliff and went all the way around and climbed way up into the thing and we found Bob up there just a mangled mess. A big hole in the back of his head and just broken up all over. We hauled him out and took him home but he didn't have any family here or nothing.He stayed with Lynn Lyman and he ended up with quite a bit of money,
 INTERVIEW: S h u m w a y p a g 67D: ended up giving it all to his family because he didn't have a will or anything, but anybody that's ever been in the mining business it seems like that hasn't been local has ended up being killed one way or another. He was very successful in the miningG:D:G:D:G:business but he just had that freak accident and ended up killing him.You were more fortunate. You were able to learn to sell a vacuum cleaner.Right, and one more to go.And have turned now to selling, in the chemical business.I sell for National Chem-Search selling industrial chemicals.Well, thank you very much Dean. It's been a lovely interview and I certainly enjoyed some of your hair-raising stories.