  DONALD T . ADAMS Salt Lake City, Utah Tape No. 62An interview by Mitch Haddard August 13, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground........ . ... ..... 1Vanadium and Uranium MiningLegal Aspects of Uranium.. ...... Uranium Boom in Monticello.. ....Lawsuits involvind Legal Claims.Miners and Laws ....... .Court Action involving Uranium Mining.Mining Claims ............... 9 Uranium Boom. ........Law Office in Monticello.Geiger Counters ..... .Atomic Energy Commission..... . ......• Assessment of Claims and Taxes. . . . . . Patents . . . .......... • •Anti-Trust Cases.....SmallMiners. .. ......• • • •Cases·Represented by Adams. Uranium Mining and Laws. ... Problems of Mining Laws.. . . • ...• . . . •....• 12 .15 • 17 . 18 . 19 • 21 • 28 • 30 • 33 • 38 • 403 . . 4 4 722
 T H I S I S MITCH HADDAD INTER VIEWING MR. DONALD T . ADAMS A T HIS HOME AT 2563 MAYWOOD DRIVE, SALT LAKE CITY , UTAH ON AUGUST 13, 1970 FOR THE UTAH-CAL STATE FULLERTON URANIUMORALMH:DA:HISTORY PROJECT .Okay, Mr. Adams, the first thing I would like to know is a little bit about yourself, please.I'm sixty-three years old. I was raised in San Juan County, Utah. I went through schools in the state of Utah, graduated from high school in Wyoming up in the oil fields. I have an LL.[D.] degree from the University of Utah in law. I•ve practice law since 1932, been county attorney of San Juan County, a district attorney for the Seventh Judicial District, engaged in general practice of law. I was also on the Utah State Tax Commission, was chairman of the tax commission for two years, and also a member of the Public Service Commission of the state of Utah. At present I'm just marking time.Now when was it that you first came in contact with the uranium industry?In 1925, when I was still a miner in today's standard, I helped erect a vanadium mill in San Juan county. And I worked in that mill for the recovery ofvanadium, in which they processed vanadium ore. It was a quite odd little company at that time. And I've been pretty close to it ever since that time.Now this is in 1925 that the vanadium mill started?MH:DA:MH:
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1DA: MH:DA:Yes.Now what was the production of vanadium in San Juan County at this time? Was it almost negligible?Well, prior to that time they had hauled out, mined the high-grade ore, and I suppose that at the time they had really taken the high-grade uranium ore andshipped it to France for Madame Curie to experiment on. Although as a commercial thing, it was really only the vanadium that was considered to be of anymaterial value to the local people.Now basically this vanadium was used for the alloy in steel?That's correct.Now in regards to legal aspects, what was your first legal contact with the uranium industry?Well, my connection was really in World War II when Vanadium Corporation of America came into Monticello and started to look for a mill site. I did do some work for them in looking for a mill site in which eventually they did build a mill at Monticello, Utah. Uh huh. Now when you speak of legal areas, what were the certain problem areas? Were they any particular problem areas that were involved in uranium mining, legal problem areas?MH:DA: MH:DA:MH:DA: Well, of course, the main legal problem areas at that 2
 DONALD T . ADAMS # 1time were the same as any mining problems with the location of a mining claim, the location of a legal mining claim and then maintaining it. The main thingMH:DA:in any mining claim is the discovery of ore on public domain in place. To have a legal mining claim, then and still, you must discover ore in place, of such a grade and such a nature that government will determine if it is sufficient to establish a claim. When the uranium boom came, it came fairly. Was it a gradual thing in Monticello?Well, of course, in Monticello they were still--they were gradually developing mining claims. The government had set up a program to purchase ore and buy the ore before the boom ever came. The boom was- -the so-called boom (took place] when the public became interested after the so-called Steen area; they received a lot of publicity and the people from outside started to come in. Not that it hadn't been going along all the time, but as far as the people were concerned, when they started to flock in was after the Steen area.Now then you've dealt primarily with the actual miners themselves. I mean you were--And little claims.MH:DA:MH: Uh huh. I even prospected claims. Of course, I had3
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1many lawsuits involving legal claims.MH: Uh huh. Now what were most of these lawsuits dealing with?DA: Well, the first lawsuit I had was--there is a provision in mining law that to keep a mining claim you must do so much assessment work every year. A failure to do that, you may forfeit your claim, and after that's forfeited, another miner may come in and located the claims. I attempted to bring some suits to test those second locations. Sometimes they work and sometimes they don't.MH: Uh huh. This brings to mind a question that everyone's beginning to wonder about: how much did the miners of the Colorado Plateau, the people that were actually involved there, how much did they actually know of the mining law? Did they really know what they were into?DA: Well, of course, there had been miners in that country that had spent their whole life in mining. The big companies had had m ills--the Vanadium Corporation of America is the subsidiary of Union Carbide, and now it's done in the name of Union Carbide, the Vanadium Corporation of America. NowClimax Uranium and many other big companies primarily 4
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1were the ones that were conti nually doing this . There wasn't so much individual effort to go out and do mining claims, although there was a lot ofindividuals that would go out and buy mining claims, and develop them, and sell the ores. But the big effort then was for the mining companies themselves to do this. I might comment on thing of interest as we talk about the mining boom. During World War II people knew in that county that when they set off the first atomic bomb, they knew they were getting uranium and they knew they weren't being paid for it- -the miners knew they weren't being paid for it. An action was started in the federal court in Denver to recover it, but because of the secrecy and to protect the government they refused to hear it to keep the publicity down. And so from a local point of view, the local people were informed of the values of uranium, and personally I'd even assisted in building roads many miles into virgin territories and opening up new claims long before the so-called boom, before the Steen area, and selling ore. But of course, there weren't the thousands of people coming in trying to buy it from you. And of course, in those days weweren't interested in only the good prospects.MH: When you're dealing with the legal aspects of this,5
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1how important would it be, say, to talk to the prospectors themselves and get their accounts of it.I'm wondering if we're not dealing with actual legal theories of mining law rather than just individual actions.DA: Well, of course, you can talk to some of the prospectors. There's one that lives here in Salt Lake now. He used to live in San Juan County, but bought a claim for--relocated an old claim, and old copper claim that was worked in World War I. He went in and located it; he sold it for a $1000 and after he soldit it developed into one of the famous mining claims,and they sold it for $8,000,000.MH: What claim was that?DA: The Happy Jack. And, of course, that was worked andbeing mined long before Steen came in.MH: I'm just wondering how much the actual prospectorsthemselves knew about the law. I mean they needed alawyer obviously.DA: Well, that's true, that's true. But the minersthemselves knew pretty well--they didn't know the details, but they knew you had to stake a mining claim and knew you had to do the assessment work.MH: But they didn't know the technicalities and that's often how they got put out.6
 DONALD T . ADAMS # 1DA: But they didn't get put out very much. Miners, theyrespected each other and they didn't, and it was only when the outsiders came in and tried to push them around that they had any trouble.MH: This leads to the next question: in reviewing the amount of litigation, the amount of various court cases involving mining law or different precedents that were set, I notice there is an awful lot of court action in regards to uranium mining, and also a notable lack of violence in the industry. Is there a possibility that these miners sought the courts rather than, you know, rather than just going to direct violence.DA: Well, that's generally true. Of course, maybe the violence wasn't the kind that were appealed [to them], and, of course, when you bring an action on a mining claim, that usually stopped work on the mining claim until the rights were finally settled. In many cases they had to go even through the highest courts of the land before they were ever able to start work again even just to determine whether they were valuable claims or not in many instances.MH: What was the most common violation of the law that went on in these mines?DA: Well, I think the common violation of the law 7
    DONALD T . ADAMS # 1especially in locating was in locating mining claims. People would go out and locate a mining claim and they'd just stake the whole countryside. There absolutely was no discovery. There could have been no discovery or ore in place known when they were contested because it wasn't even worth contesting.MH: Now when the big companies came in, didn't legal problems develop in the dealings between large companies themselves, and also between the large company and the small individual?DA: If a big company would come in, and someone had gone out and blanketed the country, the whole country, so to speak, they would go in and do a lot of excavationwork and make a discovery and find a valuable mine,that's when these lawsuits developed.MH: Uh huh. They were dealing then with the doctrine that---?--- then right? If you were there working it,then you had possession.DA: Well no, they were depending upon the principle offirst discovery. Any location prior to that time was absolutely invalid because there was no discovery of ore in place; therefore, the first location was void and there was no valid mining claim until a discovery was made. And, of course, if there was, as you say-- -?---. If someone was there actually working and did8
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1discover ore, that might have prevailed, but that wasn't the situation very often.MH: Now, were there a lot of small act litigations? Primarily, I see that it's large companies' dealings between blocks of miners and their claims and large companies. There's very few involving one miner bringing action against another. Did you find this to b e common?DA: No. No, there wasn't anybody bringing an action against another unless they had a mine that was really worthwhile.MH: Uh huh.DA: Had some value. Here's an example that's during theso-called boom. They go up, for instance, on some of these national monuments. Another thing, during Truman's administration, after the first atomic bomb was set off, Congress enacted a law which reserved all fissionable material to the United States which withdrew all fissionable material from the mining law. And this was even after that people continued to go ahead and locate mining claims, and this was really in the time of the boom. But people didn't pay any attention to it, and the government was eager to get uranium so they passed a law called the federal Uranium Leasing Act, and they provided for lease of9
 DONALD T . ADAMS # 1these mining claims which really vitiated your own mining law, but it gave them a preference, a right-- those that had leased the claim or staked the claim previously--to come in within a certain time and apply with the Atomic Energy Commission to apply for a lease, and the government granted them a lease. Later they revoked this fissionable material reservation, and then that raised some more problems, and then again they changed the mining law, and you can locate the minerals, but you don't get any surface rights. So your mining laws have been changedconsiderably since then. It used to be that when you filed a mining claim you got fee simple estate. But if you file on a mining claim now, you don't; all you get is the underground right and some surface right to at least dig a hole and bring out the ore and have a tailings pond. But anyway those are the main problems. One thing you used to read about, they'd go into these national parks and locate the claims and, as I said, they'd go, just blanket the country. Start out with a surveyor and every twenty acres, every sixhundred feet wide, and fifteen hundred feet long, they'd stake a mining claim, whether it was on a withdrawn area, or in a national park, or national monument. And so they'd say, "Well, what are you10
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1doing that for? Those claims are not any good." And the prospector says, "The hell they're not. I can sell them to those sons of bitches from Texas forMH:DA:MH:five hundred dollars." So that's the way they figured they did have some value. Although legally they had no value.Uh huh. So then there's a lot of, what, promotional speculation?Oh, yes, very much.Uh huh. Well now, legally didn't this present a large problem because if they're all invalid, they're like selling in fraudulence.DA: Well, the trouble was nobody raised any fuss about it. In my experience, I refuse to deal with these penny-stock promotions. I had very little to do with them them. Many companies wanted me to be on their board of directors or something. And maybe some of them I did. I did examine some titles on many mining claims for some of my clients in Texas and other parts--oil claims that is. But of course, you can never give a clear title. You have to point out all of the defects, and then whatever the defects, letthem accept them if they want with those reservations. And they'd take them--it' s true--even with all the defects.11
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1MH: What were some of the mining claims that you clearedthe titles on? Were there any that are well known? DA: Well, the Big Buck Mines for one. We had lawsuits over that. We had lawsuits over the--what do you callit? I forget the name of it. A lot of them.MH: These were litigations then over your title actions? DA: Uh huh.MH: This gets me into the question of mining law itself.Now, the law was basically passed in 1872, and it'sbeen in effect since--DA: With the exception of just the--MH: Right. It's been in effect for quite a long time, andoftentimes it's been changed or modified. How well did the mining law work, for example, out in Monticello? Did it seem workable?DA: Oh, it seemed workable. Of course, most mining men, the old-time mining men had learned to live with it. They grew up with it, so it was just a circumstance that they accepted. To a newcomer that didn't know anything about it, why, it was something almost inconceivable. But it worked. No doubt.MH: The old-time miners, that generation, you know, from the copper all the way on up through vanadium, uranium, they'd grown up with it. But when the boom started, a lot of the people that just came to that12
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1area kind of dropped everything and came, is that true?That's right.Now, they oftentimes weren't even aware--they probably didn't even have the foggiest idea of what the law was.They'd just think they could go out and get it. I had an attorney friend that used to live in this state who called me from San Francisco, "Go out and get me a section of mining claims." A school section, or a section. That's 640 acres. Well, he was a westerner, raised here, but see, he didn't know a damned thing about it.Uh huh. Well, this, you say a section, this is a conflict between whether or not the claims could be laid out as lode or placers.DA: MH:DA:MH:DA: MH: DA:That's right.Was there quite a bit of conflict over that?No, there wasn't actually; there could have been. There's some argument--not that went to court that I know of--as to whether or not uranium and vanadium was laid down as a placer deposit or as a vein material. I've heard arguments, but it was generally staked as a lode, although it was kind of in a stream bed and had some characteristics of a placer deposit13
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1and some as a vein.MH: I know a lot of people did both, you know, claim their claims both ways.DA: That's right.MH: Was that because the courts weren't sure?DA: Well, I've never heard of a decision going up on that point really. But all the cases I know of that did go up called it a lode.MH: Uh huh. In what type of practice were you when the industry came? Were you in private practice or wereyou--?DA: I was in private practice. I had a chance to go withthe A.E.C. as an attorney for them in the early days, but I didn't--with the director for the Atomic Energy Procurement Division.MH: Uh huh. Who is the--?DA: Johnson. He isn't there now. And every time I used tosee him he said, "You should have come with us, butyou're lucky you didn't."MH: Uh huh. Is there any particular incidents that youremember more than the others?DA: Well, there was just so damn much going on that Icouldn't. In that 1ittle town with so many people wanting to see an attorney and that telephone ringing all the time, it seemed so free to get away from a14
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1telephone that that was probably one of the times that was the happiest, to get away from the telephone for a few hours, even in your own home.MH: You mean there was really a lot of demand for your services?DA: People used to come in with big rolls of cash, driving big Cadillacs and rolls of cash. And those are the slickers, those are the ones that you had to watch out for.MH: Uh huh. Well, what would they want? I mean what would they be using you for?DA: Oh, they'd want to--they didn't have a claim, but they'd go and get some samples and go out in some other state and sell something they didn't have and use that as the decoy.MH: Uh huh. Were there any particular people right around that area that brought cases to you that you remember? Well, like in the Monticello, Moab, Blanding area?DA: Oh, there'd be people coming in all the time. If they wanted, yeah, there were people all the time.MH: Uh huh.DA: In fact those are about the only ones really, thosethat I knew through patronage.MH: Uh huh. And what would they would come to15
   DONALD T . ADAMS # 1you for? Mostly with different--DA: MH: DA:MH:DA: MH:DA:Problems.What? Keeping their claim or--?Well, it all depends on what the problem was at the time.Uh huh. I've noticed that most all the lawyers, you know, mining lawyers or resource lawyers, as they're popularly called, especially during the boom, as yousaid, had phones on both ears.Yes.They were just extremely in demand. And to me that just shows that--!'m just kind of wondering if thepeople didn't just have a general lack of knowledge of the law because the mining law is pretty clearly stated.Well, I'm sure that's true. They didn't know what to do and they thought it was something they had to sew up fast and wanted to get going. Like this Taylor s_aid in that book of his. He left his home, his family and went away for six weeks at a time, didn't even have time to call his wife and tell her where he was, they were so enthused with the idea of getting a little uranium property. But most of them didn't evenknow what they were looking for.MH: Uh huh. This brings to mind another issue. There's16
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1some question over whether or not the elec rical equipment they used was, you know, actua ly qualified. The scintillator was proven pretty much to be a good machine, but what about a lot of these geiger counters that were on the market?DA: Oh no, they were pretty good. MH: Uh huh.DA: The kid that developed the first one lived in our house. Gordon Babbel really developed the first one. A kid without any education, but just a kind of a radio or electrical genius. If he had only had some training--MH: Uh huh. When did he develop it?DA: Oh, prior, just before this boom.MH: About 1949, 1950?DA: Well, before that. He had it pretty well perfected. MH: He'd just sit and tinker with it?DA: Oh, just played with it day and night.MH: Uh huh. How was he getting radioactive samples? Fromthe vanadium that was being mined?DA: Well, it was all over the country there.MH: Uh huh. That's interesting. Did it take him a long . t d 1 't?time o eveop1.DA: Well, I don't know. That mechanic and this JoeCooper, the one that owned half interest in the Happy 17
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1Jack, he was a good friend of his. He had one of hisfirst ones.MH: Oh, did he patent his invention?DA: Well, I think he did later, but not until there was a lot of them built. I think Blair Burwell and the mineral engineers finally got it on the market for him. Of course, Blair Burwell was the one that convinced the U.S. government that there was enough uranium to authorize a development program. There's no doubt about that.MH: Now, you mentioned the Atomic Energy Commission several times. Now they in essence really did have a lot of control over the uranium industry.DA: They had complete control of it. You couldn't even sell it unless you sold it to them.MH: Uh huh. Now how did the large companies like, for example, Union Carbide, Vanadium Corporation of America and several other companies, how did theycome into buying it?DA: Well, they were buying it for the Atomic EnergyCommission under contracts.MH: Uh huh. Were there any squabbles over the prices theywere buying at?DA: Well, I don't know. They were big outfits--UnionCarbide, Dupont chemicals--! imagine if they had any 18
 DONALD T . ADAMS # 1squabbles, they didn't get out in the open.MH: Uh huh, I know that several court cases were brought in that respect, in regards to antitrust.DA: Yeah, and they were convicted after nearly all these independent miners got--well, it cost Union Carbide and Vanadium Corporation of America several million dollars for the violation; there was an agreement between the two companies.MH: Uh huh.DA: And that was failure to pay for the uranium.MH: Uh huh. Now were these types of agreements common? DA: That was between the companies.MH: Yeah, or were the practices of the companies, all in all, pretty up and up?DA: Well, of course, it only affected uranium. Unless there's some other minerals I didn't know anything about.MH: Uh huh. Were there a lot of incidents OfI say, these antitrust actions?DA: Fact of the matter is Allioto(?) came down there--I was going to go to London in '57 I and A llioto' s (?) man came down there investigating that antitrust action on this--MH: Uh huh. Which man was this? DA: Mayor of San Francisco.19
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1MH: DA:MH: DA: MH: DA: MH:Yeah, which one of his attorneys?Well, I forget his name. He was just married though; had brought his wife down with him.Savari(?)?No, that doesn't sound like it.Or, Maxwell?I'm not sure.There's several attorneys that worked on it, that's why I wondered. They were doing a lot of investigation. Now, there were a lot of other types of actions brought. Besides the antitrust suits, there were claim actions, but what were the other areas of legal action that were brought up?Antitrust? Not that I know of.No? Also any other areas besides antitrust?Well, of course, there's all kinds of industrial actions. Later on there were lots of actions over the radioactivity.Uh huh. The safety aspect. Were a lot of the miners really worried about--?No, I don't think so. But now they try to lay a lot of blame to radioactivity. I'm not sure whether thatwas a great deal any more than, of course, hard-rock mining; we•ve always had consumption in the mines before. But there's been a lot of miners that diedDA: MH: DA:MH:DA:20
 DONALD T . ADAMS # 1whether or not from radioactivity or something els. They've improved in all mines, the safety aspects ofall mines.MH: Your association with the tax commission brings up aninteresting question. There was quite a bit of action, I guess, during the boom over the assessment. You know, you are assessed one hundred dollars a year, but they had the provision where you were assessed for all three years in essence.DA: Well, that's still a law in the state of Utah. You never assess them for the--that's the way you arrive at the valuance. You take the gross proceeds over a period of three years and then divide it by two, and that gives you your assessed evaluation.MH: Wasn't there a problem too though at first if a miner, say, went in his mine and in seven months itfell through, he'd still be assessed.DA: Yeah, but if the mine was no good, why, they can sellthe ground, but where there was ground for taxes, they don't collect anything but the taxes, that's the problem.MH: Uh huh. I was wondering because I 've talked to Mr. Kerr on the tax conunission--the tax commissioner now.DA: Yeah. Well, he's not the tax commissioner.MH: No. Who's the man who is the commissioner? I've21
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1 forgotten his name.DA: Well, let's see, is it Taylor?MH: I think it might be a larger man with grayish hair. DA: Well, the chairman or the--?MH: The commissioner, yeah.DA: Well, there's three of them--four of them, in fact.The chairman is Homan, but there's four of them. MH: Well, I must have talked to one of them.DA: And the one that's in charge of property taxes, I don't know. I haven't been up there for a couple of years.MH: They said that there's a lot of problems because uranium mines could oftentimes be a short term.DA: That's right, that's right. You could build up. You see the first year you'd go in there, for instance, and take out ten million dollars. The first year there's no tax. If you mine it the next year, the tax on that ten million dollars worth of oil would be one third of that, or the evaluation would be $3,333,000.Well, you'd divide that by two, so it'd just be half of what I'm saying. And then you might build up to a tax where it's ten million or half of ten million, five million, and then the mines all worked out and it's worth anything. It might be assessed at tenmillion dollars, but we'll say this land's worthless, 22
 DONALD T . ADAMS f lso we won't pay the taxes, leave it to the county.MH: Going along on that tax angle, when they decided they wouldn't asses for--like you said, they could sell the property if the mine went bad or different thingslike that. Didn't the state of Utah take quite a large tax loss, almost a two million dollar tax loss?Was this because they would allow them to do this?DA: Well, that's because of the way law is. The only thing they can do if anyone doesn't pay their taxes is take their property. If I don't pay the taxes on my home, they can come and take my property for failure to pay the taxes, but they can't come against my bank account. It's the same way with a mining claim, but if the mining claim is worthless and where the tax has been a big tax, it's to the advantage of the mine owner to let them take the worthless minethan it is to pay the big tax.MH: Uh huh. Were there any particular prospectors orfamilies of prospectors who benefited the most from this?DA: There has been some people that have come in and relocated the claims, and by relocating the claims, that wipes out the tax liability. But they did amend the law so that they are libel for the tax now, over and above the--of the value of the property. They23
   DONALD T . ADAMS #1have taken that, but without taking care of that problem, but it takes some time to remedy it.MH:DA:MH: DA:It would seem like when they decided to take that tax loss that a lot of people would probably benefit from that. Did a lot of people have worthless claims?Well, of course, the people that benefited from it-- it's usually a corporation that would benefit from it.Uh huh. Were there any individuals?Well, there might be some. The ones that I recall now are mostly corporations. I think maybe some of the Shumways, not because of Dr. Shumway, but I think some of those let some of their claims go. And some other individuals, I'm sure, where the claim was worthless it was to their benefit to let the claim go rather than pay the taxes. I'm sure they did that.Did the Shumways have quite a lot more claims thanmost individuals, is that the reason why?Well, the Shumways were avid prospectors, and they made a lot of uranium discoveries; a lot more than the average person. I think there were a lot bigger finds than what the Shumways made, but when it comes to numbers, they probably had more individual numbers than anyone else.MH:DA:MH: Uh huh. So for an individual, each claim he makes is 24
 DONALD T . ADAMS # 1assessed one hundred dollars.DA: Uh, no, that isn't right.MH: What is the working then in that?DA: Well, it's based up on an acre allotment; I think tendollars an acre. MH: Oh, I see.DA: Of course, the average size of a claim is about twenty acres. That's the average size, the maximum size.MH: Uh huh. And so then even though the maximum size, I see. So actually they get a half thing, like on amaximum size. DA: That's right.MH: The maximum assessment is a hundred dollars.DA: It could be. If the claim if full legal size and-- MH: So rather than being assessed two hundred they onlyget assessed one hundred. DA: Uh huh.MH: Now, this brings us to the question of the actual legal theory involved in the mining law and the land laws of the United States. They are pretty basic to the working of the whole country.DA: That's right.MH: Mineral resources are important, and I'm justwondering--in a discussion of the legal aspects of 25
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1the uranium industry or something like that, if you can actually deal--say, miner X took miner Y to court, and this is the legal aspect. I mean it seemslike it's a much broader spectrum of law. You're actually dealing with the whole scope of the law and the workings of that law, and its implications, andits court decisions, and different things like that. DA: Well, of course on the other hand, the title of every foot of ground in the whole United States at one timeoriginated in the United States government or itspredecessors, which is the same as the mining law.MH: Uh huh. I guess we would say the question then--you stated that actually the government--well, going backeven farther to the old baronial systems of Germanyor the different land systems--DA: Of course, I'm talking of the United States and theGerman feudal system didn't affect the United States;it affected Europe.MH: And then in essence, some of those laws in earlierEurope might have affected the making of the UnitedStates mining law.DA: That's right. Of course, in California, a lot of theland grants in California, New Mexico, Arizona were Mexican land grants.MH: Uh huh. Well, our mining law combined the best of26
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1what was available then when they wrote it 1.n he1870s.DA: W ell, i t may have done.MH: Partially precipitated from the California Gold Rush. DA: Well, we got a lot of experience from the CaliforniaGold Rush.MH: I just wonder when you're talking about something aslarge and encompassing as the mining law that has been forced to take an awful lot of minerals in the time since it's been passed.DA: You see, there's only eleven western states that have a federal law, and all the other states--well, I guess twelve now with Alaska, and I'm not sure about Hawaii, whether they have any federal land in Hawaii or not. They may have. But there are at least twelve, and outside of that all the other states, the land belongs to the state. But the public land states arejust the western states. MH: Uh huh.DA: so, that's the only place where the mining law would be effective.MH: Now, here too, you mentioned that 76 percent of Utah federally owned.DA: That's right.MH: So you come to a lot of questions of--did a lot of27
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1people seek to patent their mining claims during this time?DA: A lot of them did. Those claims that had any material value have been, I'm sure.MH: Uh huh. Was it relatively easy to acquire a patent? DA: Relatively. It's quite cumbersome. It's more cumbersome to patent a mining claim than itwould be a homestead, I think. MH: Uh huh.DA: The trouble is getting surveyed land. Sometimes a mining claim is located in an isolated area that's on unsurveyed ground. And to have it patented, the burden is on the locator, to get an acceptablesurvey. You have to have these mineral surveyors which are especially qualified and competent surveyors, and it is expensive to get one of those to survey a mining claim.MH: Now these men were pretty familiar with mining law, weren't they?DA: Oh yes, you bet they are.MH: They're kind of like specialists.DA: That's right. But you have to have an attorney aswell.MH: Uh huh. That would lead me to wonder if there weren'tthere various governmental attitudes in the28
 DONALD T ADAMS #1Department of Interior and in the Bureau of Lan Management as to who gets a patent.DA: That's right.MH: Was their attitude--were they condescending topatents and were they fairly hostile?DA: Well, I think they are more hostile now than theyeven have been to a patent. In fact, they've even gone to the extent now to say that this mineral is not of such a nature that is commercial. At one time it didn't make any difference whether it was profitable or not. I guess there's many mines that are, but the big majority of mines haven't been profitable, but still they've been patentable. The government's taken in--and I guess every administration takes a little different interpretation as to what meaning they are going to put on this patentability. It's really what the discovery is.MH: Well, now they also have a new marketability test too, don't they, as a result of the Coleman versus the United States?DA: Well, that's right. It never was on before.MH: So this is, I guess, coming down to like a question dealing with ecology, and conservation, andreclamation. This is probably a big concern when you 29
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1talk about buying.DA: MH: DA: MH: DA: MH:DA:MH: DA: MH:DA:Yeah, that's right.Are they very concerned with it at first?No, not at all.Not at all.Of course, there weren't too many patents.Uh huh. Well, how about the miners in general? I mean, were they at all concerned with what they were doing with the land or were they just pretty much out to make a million dollars, as you might say?No, they just figured they'd take it all out and let it go back.Uh huh.That's been the general attitude.Well, now they're starting to result in action against this. You know, safety actions as well as reclamation actions.Yeah, well, the government is stepping in and making it harder. They're stepping in, not only on the location, but they're stepping in on the operation. You can't operate them without these safety features.This coal mining law they passed last year almost put some coal mining companies out of business, they claim.MH: Uh huh. This brings me to a question. You practiced 30
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1in Monticello, right? Almost in the heart of the boom for a long time.Yeah.DA: MH:DA: MH:DA:MH: DA:MH: DA:MH:And you talked with a lot of people. What was kind of the general nature of these peopl e who are prospecting for uranium? I mean, were they basical ly good people or were they--?Oh yes.Or was the fever--as Raymond Taylor says in his book Uranium Fever, did people actually just think of money and nothing else?Well, with those that I talked to there was a lot of that, but I didn't have much to do with that.Uh huh. You kind of dealt primarily with--I might have made some contacts with those people in sales, contracts, or something like that, but I had a lot of people come with rolls of money.And you turned them down probably, right?Well, no. The only thing I was interested in was-- what they did with their money, that was their ownbusiness. They paid me my fee for a contract, and for a contract I wouldn't charge them anymore than I would anyone else.Uh huh. Then most of the people you represented a lot of times were either the large companies or else the31
   DONALD T . ADAMS J lsort of hard-core prospector that--the families that had been in mining for a long time.That's right.Uh huh. Then what was your impression of these types of people? Especially the old mining families, were they just prospectors, period?Yeah, that's right.They would have been there if the uranium boom would have come or it if wouldn't have?Yeah, and a lot of them who were--my opinion of a lot of people, even a lot of local people that were out prospecting, and there were a lot of them, they were just trying to find a bonanza, and they knew it. It's just like going down to Las Vegas and trying to hit a jackpot. The chances are ninety-nine to one against you, but you're going to play for that one percent. If you lose, why, you're not hurt--that is, your spirits are not hurt because you expected it. ButDA: MH:DA: MH:DA:MH: DA: MH:when you win, why, then you can yell for joy.Kind of like a Charlie Steen thing?Yeah.As a lawyer you saw people when they were in trouble because that's primarily when they came to a lawyer, sometimes.DA: Well, I didn't see many in trouble. I did see some in32
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1 trouble.MH: Uh huh. What would they get in trouble for?DA: Well, I saw this Kean that shot his wife--defendedhim.MH: Uh huh. What happened there?DA: Well, she was an alcoholic and he was trying to keep her off alcohol. He'd lost his wife. He's from Texas and in the roofing business, and he kind of got the bug and fever over this pretty little girl. She was a pretty little thing. And he went out in the mountains prospecting. (He had some friends back in Texassending him money.) And so she stayed around town, got to drinking beer, and he came back home one night and went home, and there were about ten men around her, and she was drunk. I don't think he cared so much about the men. There's so many he couldn't. She was safe with the numbers, but she was trying to recover from this alcoholic sickness she had, and he got angry and started to talk to her about drinking, and she got angry and got a big butcher knife, and he a gun--that is, that he carried a little six shooter. Of course, nearly everybody in Texas carries a six shooter anyway outside of town. And he claims that she pulled this knife and he pulled a gun to wave it at her, and the gun went off accidentally and killed33
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1her. He picked her up and took her to the hospital, and she bled to death going to the hospital. Well, that's one thing that--Was he committed, was he convicted?No, no.Uh huh. What were some of the other type things?Oh, there was not many things. I don't know.Any instances of claim jumping and big disputes there?Well, there were a lot of prostitutes coming intoMH: DA: MH: DA: MH:DA:MH: DA:little towns.In Utah?Sure, bringing their trailers. They'd put the girls right on the county line so they could. And thesheriff would come and they'd pull them on one side of the 1ine, and they'd come the other way, and they'd pull them on the other side.MH: Ah, was there, were there a lot of incidents like one man coming onto another man's claim and then fighting him off, and things like that? Or was there enough land where everybody just had their own?DA: Yes, there was some of that, but--! defended a fellow once for assault with a deadly weapon. What was that? I got him off for simple assault. His name was Brown. I forget about it--too many of them.34
 DONALD T . ADAMS # 1MH: DA: MH: DA: MH: DA: MH: DA:MH: DA:MH:DA: MH:DA: MH:Uh huh. Was this a Utah State case?That was right out on the--yeah, Utah-Colorado line. Yeah, so this would be a state circuit court?Well, it's in a district court, we call it.What did he do? He assaulted somebody?Shot a gun at him.Yeah?Yeah. They called it simple assault. He didn't hit him.If he had hit him what wouldn't happened?Well, if he had killed him, it would have been murder, I guess. It might have been assault with a deadly weapon, if it didn't kill him.Uh huh. And yet the other man was coming on hisclaim?Yeah, that's it.It's funny, because it seemed like there was a definite fever. I guess, actually not hysteria, but actually a fever.Yeah.A feeling that there was something in the air, and a lot of people might have reacted differently than they normally would. I mean a lot of rash action might have taken place. This is what I waswondering.35
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1DA: Well, there were people that came down, and I don'tknow too much about this, but I know there was some of these people that would come down and get these rich samples of ore, and they'd go around to some of the people and say, "Look, I've got a mine and I just got these out." And he'd get people to throw in their money, you know, and get interested in mining, "I've got to have money to develop it," or something.MH: Uh huh. The grubstaking. DA: The grubstaking, yeah.MH: I'm just wondering how important actually--like, you know, we've talked about small incidents like incidents on the individual claims and different things like that. I'm wondering how important these incidents are, really. When you're talking about the legal aspects of the uranium mining industry, you'repretty much talking about mining law, aren't you? DA: Yeah, I suppose so.MH: I mean, I'm wondering how important these small incidents are in relation to the whole of mining law.DA: Nothing, nothing.MH: Uh huh.DA: I don't think they have any. As far as thedevelopment of mining is concerned, I don't think it has any. Here in Salt Lake you can go to these36
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1brokers and they had the fever here in Salt L ke. Every stenographer and every woman, child that had ajob was buying penny stocks. I guess Salt Lake was kind of a center of this penny-stock market. I don't know how many of them lost money. And everyone thought they could make money by buying a penny stock; it'd go up you know and come down and go up, and if they'd sold, they'd have doubled their money. And a lot of them would have made money, I guess, if they had sold at the high.MH: Uh huh. This is just like the mining then? A lot of small incidents, you know, that when you--it seems to me that when you talk about it, like say, in regards to a whole picture, as a historical subject--for example, if somebody were to talk to the securities involvement of the uranium movement, he'd probably be dealing more with technical things.DA: That's right.MH: Just like when I deal with the legal aspect, I'mwondering if I shouldn't be more concerned with the legal doctrines and principles and theories that were involved in running legally, the uranium boom, or if I should go and be involved in like, you know, thisminor judge, his claims, so this proves this and this proves that. I wonder, does that really prove it?37
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1DA: MH:DA: MH: DA:MH:DA:MH: DA: MH: DA: MH: DA: MH:DA:Well, there wasn't much claim jumping.Uh huh, or individual actions versus the theory that was behind these could go to court.There really wasn't much on that.Uh huh.Well, there was some. There was some. Steen got into some. He got sued for some libel, for libel. He called some fellows claim jumpers. And they sued him for a couple of million dollars.These were engineers or something that he sued, wasn't it?Well, they were miners, Simpson brothers. And they did recover $25,000. I remember they got a verdict of $25,000. I think they settled it.Wasn't this true because he put it in the paper?Yeah.Yeah, and he called them that right in the paper? Yeah.And so that's how they got it?Yeah.Uh huh. Well, there's a lot of assorted instances of people--eccentrics, you know, the eccentric people on the mining field.Yeah. Well, you see, as you say, that has nothing todo with the mining law or anything like that, but it 38
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1shows a kind of a fever. I was there wh n Sten wrote that. Steen's attorney was there, Mitch.MH: Melich?DA: Melich. Mitch Melich. And Steen swore up and downthey were worse than that. But anyway he gave themthe article.MH: Uh huh. But what did Melich do? Didn't he realizethat Steen could probably be sued for libel? DA: Well, he said they were claim jumpers.MH: Uh huh.DA: Regardless of what they did say, he says they were. MH: So in a way--DA: So the truth is the defense to libel, which it is.MH: Well, Charlie Steen was kind of a colorful character to say the least. What about his his attorney? I mean were he and Melich very close?DA: Well, the one that defended him was Ray Senior--! mean Clair Senior.MH: Uh huh. DA: Uh huh. than itThen he used Clair Senior to defend him?Of course, it cost him more in attorney feesdid the judgment I imagine.MH: Uh huh.DA: The Simpson boys too. I knew them both. I knew theirdad. I knew them before Steen ever came to this county.39
 DONALD T. ADAMS #1MH: Uh huh. They had been there a long time then, huh?DA:MH:DA: MH:DA:Yeah, in Grand Junction. They're from Grand Junction. They're still in the mining business.Uh huh. I just have a final question. This is--then as a lawyer who practiced for a long time right in, you know, where the uranium boom was, and you livedit actually.Yeah.If someone were to talk of the law and this uranium mining boom, what areas would you be most concerned with? I mean, what would you feel are the most pressing problems that should be reviewed?Well, of course, the main problems they had then was when fissionable material had been withdrawn from entry. Then they didn't think those mining claims were any good, and they weren't--any of those locations. And I went out and helped locate a lot of claims, fooled around on Steen's and all of them. We all knew that. And we all got these federal leases from the A.E.C. and then, of course, they passed the law repealing that withdrawl, and, of course, then that kind of put us in the spot because we didn't know just where in the devil we stood by theseintervening rights, you know. Uh huh.40MH:
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1DA:What happened from the time they were withd wn up until the withdraw!? But nothing happened very seriously on that. But, oh, I think the law's in pretty good shape right now. Of course, the miners don't know it. They still go out and locate it. They don't know you have to have ore in place. They don't believe it. Tell them that a million times a day, but they still don't believe it.Uh huh. You just stated that like oftentimes the miners, even though they knew the law, and they said kind of raspberries(?) with it or they wouldn't. Does this show that the miners really didn't care about the law? I mean not that they wanted to break it, but they just really didn't have the time to be thatconcerned with it?I think they feel like they can't be concerned with it. They feel like they're right, and right will prevail.Uh huh. So they kind of have the homespun, country, hard-core opportunist logic?I think so.Uh huh. Well, this was the problem then for the lawyer because he knew what the law was and he had to say if you don't do this, this will happen?MH:DA:MH:DA: MH:DA:That's right.41
 DONALD T . ADAMS # 1MH: And then, I mean, that would lead to like if a lot oftime the miners had legal actions brought against them, they'd cry and they'd complain and they'd say that, you know, this was it, yet they knew the law was there all the time.DA: That's right.MH: Wasn't that kind of a frustration, really?DA: Well, as long as you tell them that, and they still go ahead, at least they're doing it on their own.MH: Uh huh. Well, what would prompt it? I mean, like in a country like the United States where laws are so important, why would they disobey them?DA: They're not hurting anybody by going out and putting up the stake on public domain. It isn't as bad as dropping a beer can out behind an old tree clear off the highway. So I don't think they think they're hurting anybody. So it isn't a matter of disobeying the law.MH: It's a matter of not really caring. DA: That's right.MH: Uh huh. Okay, thank you. Is there anything else you'd like to add in regards to talking about the period or anything you want to comment on?DA: I don't believe so.MH: Uh huh. Do you think we've covered some of the42
 DONALD T . ADAMS #1 problem areas or--DA: Well, I haven't thought about it. I just tried to answer the questions that you've asked.MH: Okay, thank you.[END OF INTER VIEW]43