 MARY TOPELVECSpring Glen, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project No. 21January 20 , 1983American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 MARY TOPOLOVECJanuary 20, 1983Table of ContentsBackground Information and Immigration To America 1 Childhood A ctivities 13Odd Jobs1922 Miner,s Strike 24 Slogas Slovenia #14 Lodge Membership 32 Personal Effects of the 1922 Miner,s Strike 38 1933 Miner1 s Strike 4022
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MRS. MARY TOPOLOVEC IN SPRING GLEN, UTAH ON JANUARY 2 0 , 1 9 8 3 . MY NAME I S NANCY T ANIGUCHI.NT: Thank you. Now I wanted to talk to you about your life. So we'll start at the beginning, okay. Where were you born?MT: Old Country.NT: Well, tell me where in the Old Country?MT: Austria.NT: What town?MT: Corintz.NT: What is that near, what big city?MT: No, it's a small town. It's just like Spring Glen inPrice.NT: Is it near a city?MT: It's a near a city, it's a little small town and thewhole church and or school was in like Price. We lived in Corintz and we had to go to Church and to school and everything; to both of them.NT: I see.MT: That's what we had to do.NT: Was it in Croatia or Slovenia?MT: Slovenia, it's Slovenia. Croatia is only one thing. NT: Now it is.MT: Austria, Croatia and Slovenia is all one thing now. NT: What year were your born?MT: Well I'm eighty-seven years old now.NT: Eighty-seven?
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 MT: Yes.NT: When was your birthday?MT: September 8th .NT: When you were a small girl growing up in the Old Country, what did your family do?MT: Nothing. My mother use[d] to take us to school and my mother was alone and my father left and went to this country .NT: When did he leave?MT: Oh, he leave, I won't say. He was here six years beforewe were and then because he was--they farmed, you know, they use to farm. Then my dad was crippled and then he chop[ped] his leg and he was going to make nicely stick tops to seal the hay and then he was crippled and he was in bed for one year. Then after it got better, my mother had four brothers and they all went to this country and then they came to Crested Butte. Then they wrote and my Daddy said, "If you want to, a dog lives better here than people in the Old Country." He said, "If you want to come here we'11 send you a ticket." So they send my dad a ticket and so my dad came here to Sunnyside.NT: Oh.MT: And then six years later, no a year later then my motherleft us six kids with my grandma in the Old Country and then a year later they got money and the people were2
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983different as you go, they all help. Mother is crying all the time for us kids and somebody give her a dollar and some five and some ten to send for her kids. So then she sent for us a year later, the last six kids came to this country. We were in New York nineteen days locked up in one great big house, I know not what it was. We could see the ocean and the statue of liberty and everything because they wanted to know, where are those kids going, six kids, we talking about the only grandma came with us, my mother's mother. They wanted to know who was going to take care of us but by the time my mother and dad make affidavits to Sunnyside, there was no planes at that time, trains you know but they don't let us come back and forth to this state, nineteen days in New York locked up in one great big building. (Laughter)NT: Before you came to America, you worked on the farm?MT: Yes my mother did because the kids come into school and we didn't work because we were too young. I was only, my oldest sister was fourteen and my two brothers, they were twins. My mother had two sets of twins, two girls and two boys and my oldest sister's twin died and I can show you a picture of my sisters in just one second, and three sons and two of my brothers was dead when this picture was taken. His twin and her twin were dead, the twins died when he was forty-seven years old, this is Joe and3
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 this is John and here is my sisters and this is Mrs. Carson and this is me and this is Mrs. Banditch and my s i ster Mrs. Patrich , she was my sister and she was blind.NT: Oh my goodness.MT: She was blind for twelve years before she died.NT: Oh, poor thing.MT: Then we took that picture that this was the only pictureof all of us that is left. NT: That's nice.MT: We lived on this farm and we didn't do--NT: What did your mother do on the farm?MT: Grow, hoe, water, and do everything. They won't waterbecause they [were] waiting for rain to come and when the rain come and the rain watered but she had to hoe, plant and everything just so that we had enough to eat during the winter. She worked on the farm hard, she worked hard.NT: Did she make your clothes too?MT: Yes, she even made cloth. She would go through thosegreat big things, you know, then they pond them and then they made thread and then she maid cloth. One family in that place, had that thing that they made cloth with, you know, and she use to go in and make cloth and she made her clothes.NT: It's a loom right, that she made the cloth on? MT: Yes.4
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983NT: MT:I see. How old were you when you came to America?I was twelve. No wait, yes, my older sister was fourteen and my two brothers, this brother and him, because sheonly had two boys then. One was four and two boys, six of us. Then she was fourteen and he was twelve and I was ten.You were ten.NT:MT: And the other sister was eight and the youngest sisterwas six. NT: Oh, I see.MT: When they came to this country.NT: MT:NT:MT: NT: MT:And when you left your village where did you go first? Oh to, I can't say, I don't remember anymore, I've lost track of everything. I know that we went in some place and we went in on a wagon and I remember we went on a wagon in that place and from that place we took a boat to come to this country.Do you remember where you got the boat, was it in Austria or was it in Italy?No, it was in Italy.In Italy?I think so because we came to one town and we stayed there one night and the next day we went on a boat. So I don't know how we--the whole day we was ridding on the wagon to that town but I can't remember what town it was.5
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983NT: Do you remember the name of the boat?MT: No, I don't remember that.NT: How long did it take you to get to New York?MT: Twelve days.NT: On the boat.MT: On the boat.NT: What were the conditions on the boat?MT: Oh well, they were nice, they feed us good and they werenice. You see, my dad and mother sent all the money and they paid for everything and they were nice conditions, the conditions were nice. They feed us but they was always teasing us that we were the only two brothers and four sisters and then an old grandma and those people that worked on a boat you know, they picked up him. She was fourteen and he was twelve in hole like this and the water, he said, 11 I'm going to drop him in. 11 He was teasing us, I remember, he was screaming and hollered(Laughter) that he won't let us alone, we were talking in Austrian because we couldn't talk American then.NT: Was it an American boat?MT: Oh, I guess so. It must have been because it went to NewYork and back and forth all the time.NT: What was it like, what do you remember about coming intoNew York?MT: Well, I remember one day when we came there was a man6
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 down there and he asked us all kinds of questions, where are we going, what are we going to do, and were is our folks and all that stuff. You know, my oldest sister done everything, she knew, this one here, right here, you see, she is over there. (pointing to her in a picture)NT: Yes, that's Mrs. Cossack?MT: Yes. She done all that, she told him everything. How mymother left us in the old country and how she's sent for us and they put us in a very big building and there were a lot of people there. They feed us and they kept us there. But the time they wrote to my mother and dad you know, all the kids -- - ?---. But the time the train come back and forth they took time and that's where we stood, nineteen days in New York .NT: What did you do for the nineteen days?MT: Just play around and those kids would run upstairs anddownstairs and they let us go way up on the top to get fresh air you know, and Don was teasing us to sleep and everything. There was a lot of people and then we all go upstairs and then we stay upstairs and ---?--- We saw the ocean and the Statue of Liberty and many houses, I remember that .NT: And what did your grandmother do?MT: Nothing, she just watched us, she watched us kids. Thenwe came here they took them away. My mother took them7
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 away and us girls, with Grandma was in one building and they were in another building and we didn't know where they took them. Everyday we were crying and screaming,11 Where are our brothers? Where are our brothers? Give us our brothers?11 So one day they took us way up there on the ---?--- you know and ---?--- and down below was a very big, another building and in that building we saw our two brothers. Then we started to scream and holler, 11 There are our brothers and we want them with us, we want them with us. 11 So they brought them to us.NT: Oh, that's nice.MT: Yes, they brought them to us and so we were alwaystogether and then we all left together.NT: Since you didn't speak English, who did the talking toyou?MT: Oh honey, there were Austrian people there. There wereall language people because they were all there. They were there for that purpose. People come and they don't know how to talk and then they got [interpreter] to talk to us and then they explain to the American. That's what they did.NT: What do you remember about the train journey from New York to Utah?MT: We had a train that didn't stoppe because ---?--- from New York to Kansas City because I had a aunt in Kansas8
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983City and then she took us for awhile and she dressed us from one meal to the other because she had a store, she had a clothing store. She gave us little shoes and little dresses and everything. She dressed us kids so pretty and then she sent us back to Sunnyside.NT: What kind of clothes did she put on you?MT: Oh, nice clothes. Just what it was at that time, you knowwhat kind of clothes. Most of the time we had nicedresses only they were longer then nowadays you know. NT: Did you keep your old country clothes?MT: No, she threw everything away. (Laughter) She threweverything away because we were dirty. We did not have a change of clothes and so she threw everything away and she changed us completely from toe to head and give us new clothes, she was my aunt, my mother's sisters they had a big clothing store and she dressed us up. My dad, you know, we all ---?--- then we come to Sunnyside.NT: What do you remember about Sunnyside the first time you saw it?MT :Well , we came on the caboose, I remember. It was a little train that time from Helper. From Helper to Sunnyside the train left us in Helper and then we came to Sunnyside there from the caboose. I remember my dad, we saw him coming he was - - -?--- like this and we saw him coming and we all scream, "There's Pa, there's Pa, there's Pa" Mesa9
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 ocha in the old country, it was in Austria. Daddy's coming, Daddy's coming all of us screamed out the window. Then he came in and took us home.NT: How long was it between the time that you saw your mother in Sunnyside and the time that she left you?MT: I think we were on the train three days, nineteen days, three days from Kansas City at that time, you know, the train was slow, it was different, it was different at that time.NT: Then your mother had left you for one year, is that right?MT: Huh?NT: How long had you not seen your mother?MT: Oh, a year.NT: And how long had you not seen your father?MT: Oh, six years. My dad was in this country six yearsbefore we came.NT: Did he have a wooden leg or anything?MT: No, just his leg was screwed up like this and that's howhe walked.NT: Oh, I see, it was bent.MT: It was bent, it was bent like this and that's how hewalked. He worked in the mine and he worked all over in Sunnyside. All over, he worked in a mine at Crested Butte until heard that Sunnyside was opening a new mine and10
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983they were going to be better and so we moved to Sunnysideand then he sent for us to Sunnyside.NT: How long was he in Sunnyside before he sent for you?MT: Oh, not long, oh, about a year I guess. He left myMother's brothers, she had four brothers in Crested Butteand so he left them and he went to Sunnyside.NT: When your mother came here did she come to Crested Butte? MT: No, Sunnyside, she came to Sunnyside.NT: I see. When you got to Sunnyside then what did you do? MT: Nothing. I've been, the rest of the kids, the boys andthese two girls went to school and my mother was praying that she had a baby, in the year that we didn't see her she had a baby boy. He's dead now too. He was my baby. I had to take care of him and the oldest sister was this one here and she had to help her. She had borders, you know, so we had enough to eat and she kept boarders. The boarders pay, at that time there were people coming up like crazy to Sunnyside and no place to stay. So my mother kept boarders and then she helped her and I had to take care of the little baby. I didn't go to school but the two girls went to school, this one and this one.NT: Are you sorry that you couldn't go to school?MT: Oh yes I am, very sorry. I was sorry ever since. I was so, I run away, I wanted to go to school so bad but Mammacouldn't let me go.11
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983NT: Yes. How many boarders did you have at the house?MT: Oh six something, six something, seven something it depends, you know how they move around because peoplewere moving around at that time so much.NT: Were they people that your parent's knew before?MT: Oh yes, some people knew before and some come from theOld Country too you know the ten years old and then they go to Toni Crisman, he ' s got place for you and then they come to my mother and dad and there was another ---?--- she had the borders too and she had a lot of kids. She kept borders. Then there was another lady, an Austrian and they kept boarders.NT: If you had a lot of kids did you have to keep boarders? MT: No, you didn't have to.NT: But I mean to make ends meet.MT: To make ends meet, yes but we had a nice stove at thattime people could go in get ---?---. We were hungry in the Old Country and my mother made from the field, that's what we eat.NT: So even though you couldn't go to school you liked it better in Sunnyside?MT: Oh yes, I liked it better even though I was very sorry. I read everything, I could write Austrian and I couldAmerican but I cannot spell.NT: Lots of Americans that have been to school cannot spell.12
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 (Chuckle)MT: I can write American but I can write Austrian and read A ustrian.NT: How long did you go to school in the Old Country?MT: One year and that's the only schooling that I had in mylife .NT: Oh my goodness.MT: And I can read and write but I cannot write American because I can't spell.NT: Did you get to play when you were a child?MT: Oh yes, we played.NT: What did you play?MT: Oh well, anything. My mother used to tell us. She wouldget a great big tub of water and you use to pack water -- - ?--- maybe like from here clear down to the bridge and then she had a great big two tons of water, she had to wash those in and then I had to fill up those two. She had a little tiny bucket and I poured on the top of our heads and go down and back all day long pack water so we fill lots of water for her so she can wash clothes.NT: Did you have to carry the baby?MT: Oh no, the baby wasn't you know, that baby wasn't therethat was in the Old Country. NT: Oh.MT: We had water outside the gap outside and Sunnyside is 13
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983different , than was the Old Country.NT: Oh, I see. When you came to Sunnyside did you ever get toplay?MT: Yes, we played. We played with other kids, you know,everything we played.NT: What games did you play?MT: Oh any kind, we were talking the other day about the snowthat high and we made a house inside the snow and we made a house but we didn't have no toys, no toys, no playing things. We didn't have that. My mother didn't--my mother, there was another lady that had a lot of kids and she had some toys for her kids, she bought some toys and one day I stole one.NT: Oh. (Laughter)MT: Because I wanted it so bad you know and my mother, we hadno toys.NT: What kind of a toy was it that you stole?MT: Oh, it was a little doll and then the next day my mothermade me take it back, so I had to take it back.NT: Did you ever have toys in the Old Country?MT: No, we didn't even know what toys were in the OldCountry.NT: Well, you didn't.MT: We didn't even know what toys was in the Old Countryuntil we come here and then one man, when my sister was 14
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983about sixteen and he wanted to marry her. So he took me and these two, us three to the company store and he bought us each a doll and that was my first and last doll that I ever had in my life.NT: How old were you when you got it?MT: Let's see she was sixteen, my sister was sixteen and Iwas fourteen . That guy, he bought me, Toni, and Ely each a doll and oh, I loved that doll so much. Then my dad got mad. The baby started to cry and I didn't jump right away and get the baby. He worshipped that baby because it was a boy and he had two other boys, the older ones, you know, but this was a boy. He took my dolly, I was playing with my dolly and he took my dolly and threw it in the stove.NT: Ohno!MT: I cried for a month over that doll and you see, my dadwas mean . (Laughter)NT: How long did you have the doll before he t hrew it in thestove?MT: Oh, I had it, all the time I had it. It was a couple ofyears I guess I kept it, it was so nice and I was playing with i t and the baby started to cry and I didn't jump right away to pick up the baby and he took my dolly and he burned it. (Chuckle)NT: You had to do what your dad said.15
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983MT: NT:MT:NT: MT: NT:I hated him for that, I did, I really did.I bet. Then did your sister marry the guy that bought you the doll?No, she met another guy. That's why he bought it because he thought that she was going to marry him but she didn't, she married another men. That was Mrs. Cossack. Do you know Cossacks?Yes, I know Johnny and Louie. Those are her sons.Yes, those are my nephews and that's their mother.Yes, I know them pretty well. Well then, how old were you when you got married?Fifteen.You were fifteen?I wasn't quite fifteen. I gotYes, you did.Very young.MT:NT:MT:NT:MT:NT: WhoMT: Mr.NT: HowMT: He was twenty-one; he was seven years older then me,did you marry? Skriner, Joe Skriner. old was he?close to twenty-two.NT: How did your parents feel about it when you got married? MT: Oh, the qui cker I get out the better so they didn' t haveto buy us clothes . (Chuckle ) That's just the way it was really. Then we had four kids together.16mar riedyoung .
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 NT: You did. How old were you when you had your first kid? MT: Seventeen, my first baby was seventeen was a boy. Thenwhen I was twenty I had a girl and then when I was twenty-two I had another girl and then at twenty-five I had another girl and after that we didn't have any more. Then my first husband died when he was forty-seven years old. He left me when I was forty years old.NT: Oh, and with four kids.MT: Four kids .NT: What did you do?MT: Oh no, they were quite big already, Joe was workingalready. You know, he was already eighteen and he was already working and Marry was working and then after Marry got married and then one by one was gone, they got married. They are all in California and I got theirand if I had time I'd look for it. If youto talk to you some more.MT: Yes.NT: I guess yourMT: No, he don'tNT: Joe Skriner.MT: Oh yes, he worked in the mine and Joey worked in the minepictures toohad time.NT: First I wantw ith him one summer. NT: Which mine?husband worked in the mine? mine .17
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 MT: Latuda. Oh, ---?--- kids before you know and then we would ---?--- was when I got pregnant with my son. I didn't get pregnant, before I couldn't get pregnant because I was sixteen years old, seventeen. Then I hadthe boy when I was eighteen.NT: Where did you met your husband? How did you met yourhusband? MT: Sunnyside . NT: Sunnyside?MT: Yes .NT: Was he a boarder of the family?MT: No, he was a boarder at the other house, at the otherplace but he use to come to our house all the time and they use[d] to drink around and then we just met like that. I was fifteen and he was twenty-two; seven years older than me.NT: Why did you go to Kansas City?MT: Well all of a sudden, they wanted to go to Kansas City somy whole family went, so we went right along with them and I didn't have no kids and so then we went. Then you see, I got pregnant with my son. That's when we all went and then after a while my mother and dad come back and then we moved to St. Louis because my husband had a sister there, so we moved there. She had two kids and they were babies and we lived together, you know, not18
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983together but house by house and they stayed five years and then I got a girl but Marry she was born at St. Louis. That's why we head[ed] to St. Louis because my first husband had a sister there. Then we went there and then we stayed there and we lived there five years and then after five years he told Joey with him and my brother come this way here, this brother right there and he came to St. Louis. So he told, he was telling them how nice, how good money they making 1n the coal mines nowadays and they did, they did, $7 dollars a day was good money. So finally they made up their mind and they were going to come back to Sunnyside. So Joey and he left to Sunnyside and they took my boy with them and then my baby was left with me and then after Joe got money, the first baby, he sent me the money to come to Sunnyside and so I come on a train with the baby.NT: The second time, how long did it take on the train from St. Louis to Sunnyside?MT: Oh, it took me two days I think, I think it was two days. NT: How old was your boy when Joe took him?MT: Oh, he was about six years old.NT: So who looked after him when Joe was working?MT: Oh, my mother. My mother was in Sunnyside and my dad and my other sister.NT: How long were you separated before you could come out to19
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983Sunnyside?MT: Oh not long, it took a month, I think it was a month. NT: What year was that that you came back to Sunnyside, doyou remember?MT: Oh yeah, I remember.NT: What year was it?MT: Let's see, Joe was married 1962 and she was born in St.Louis, now how much would that be? NT : 1 9 2 1 .MT: No, wait a minute, it's more, she's 67. Joey was a baby, he was born in Kansas City and he was a baby in my arms when I brought him to Sunnyside so I don't know. How old it was, it was a long time and he's 67 now.NT: Joey or Marry?MT: My son, he's 67 years old.NT: Okay, but he came back to Sunnyside at that time when hewas six years old?MT: My husband took this brother of mine and my husband andthey took it with them and they left me there and I was there a couple of months before Joe got his first payday and sent for me. Then he sent for me and then I took my baby and I sold everything that I had and I came. I nearly lasted too. I had a baby in my arms you know and some man come over and he said, "Can I hold your baby?" I said, "No, why do you want to hold my baby for?" He was20
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 going to take it away from me. Boy, I screamed and hollered and then he ran .NT: Was that on the train?MT: At the time when people were waiting for the second trainto come and pick me up. I was holding my baby and mysuitcase and he wanted to take it away from me.NT: Was that in Helper?MT: No, in Kansas City and I was coming to St. Louis. I wasin St. Louis when I was coming here to Sunnyside. NT: How did you learn to speak English?MT:NT:MT :Well, with people, the kids. Everybody talked---?--- and every time my Mother needed something because she couldn't talk and she said, "Come Mary, with me." I went with her and I talked first.Let's see, did you work when you were in St. Louis or Kansas City?Yes, I worked in St. Louis. I had a neighbor, she lived and it was a gravy store and it was one story, second --- ?--- but the third story and the lady lived in the second story. She ---?--- she had borders and she had to take kids and she took one of my kids and I worked, I was working.What did you do?Well, they were working everything first thing ---?--- work in the packing house.21NT: MT:
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 NT: Oh you were.MT: Yes, I work in packing company. I tied hams.NT: MT:Tied hams.Yes, I would wrap them up and tie them and let them go on the conveyor you know.Y e s .NT :MT: Yes, I was working in St. Louis and when I come to St.Louis she took care of my kids and I was working andcleaning railroad cars .NT: Cleaning railroad cars?MT: Yes, they would give us two cars for two women and we hadto clean them all down and clean everything. You know how they already come, when they come in the places ---?--- and then we had to clean the cars.NT: What kind of cars, passenger cars?MT: Passenger cars.NT: Who did you work with, who was the other woman?MT: Oh God knows, I don't remember no more but she was niceand we got along pretty nice.NT: She was a friend of yours?MT: A good friend of mine?NT: Which railroad was it that you worked for?MT: I don't know what railroad that would be. That railroadI forgot.NT: How did you find out about the job?22
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983MT: Oh, you could find out. They tell you, first you work here and then I don't like it. First I was working in the packing house and I didn't like it and somebody says they're hiring over there, you know, and then we find the job.NT: Was this in Kansas City or St. Louis?MT: It was St. Louis.NT: Did you make any friends when you were out there in St.Louis?MT: Oh yes, I met a lot of friends. Then we would all sittogether a different time you know and eat their lunch and they would talk and jabber and done everything, it was nice and I had nice neighbors too. Then there were a couple of kids I was Godmother too in St. Louis, Missouri, you know, they were my friends and they wanted me to baptize their baby you know and the priest baptize them. Lots of time, my husband and his brother decided to go to Sunnyside so they went to Sunnyside and they had to leave everything and go.NT: Was that hard for you to leave?MT: Well, it wasn't too hard because I knew I was going tosee my mother and go see my other sisters, you know, soI was happy to go .NT: That's good. Then where were your other two childrenborn?23
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 MT: Oh, in Latuda, right here.NT: So how long did you stay in Sunnyside when you first cameback?MT: Oh, I think until the 1922 Strike. We had a strike andJoe didn't work then and they don't want him and they started to work and they started to hire. He got a job up to Latuda and then we moved to Latuda and we lived in two rooms like this. Just one room here and one room there and we had two kids.NT: Sounds terrible.MT: And pregnant with the third one. Yeah, that's how welived. We had to live in the room to live. They needed men, they hired and they give us two rooms. Us two rooms and somebody else and that's how we lived. Then the other people move[d] and we got the whole house.NT: Oh, that's nice.MT: That was nice for a change.NT: What do you remember about the 1922 Strike in Sunnyside? MT: Oh, it was terrible. The people they wanted them to go towork and they didn't want to go and there were people some were mean and some were good and you know how strikes are.NT: Yes I do.MT: Especially, the coal mines are so bad.NT: What happened to you and your family because of the24
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 strike?MT: Nothing, we just lived like other people. The man that use to bring my Dad groceries, you know, he use to live by the graveyard in Sunnyside and we use to live up there up about Dragerton is now. He come up and he said, "Toni,I'll give you enough to eat for you and the kids, but no booze, I will give you no booze." (Laughter) So they put it all on a bill you know and then we eat ---?--- more than the Old Country .NT: Did you have to move out of the camp when the strike came?MT: Yes, but then before the union came on you know, then my sister was living in Latuda with her husband and her two kids and we just got this four room house fixed up so nice and everything and got all these borders and George was working in the mine and it was heaven. Trying to make a dollar , you know . Then here comes Toni and ---?--- because he hasn't seen me for five years. So she come to see me from Latuda to Sunnyside because we hadn't seen each other, I was in St. Louis and then she come to see me in Sunnyside and they already organized a union in Latuda. And then they got a man to come down to organize and the next thing we had to move out.NT: Oh no.MT: They chased us out because Marry come to see me and they25
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983thought she came to organize people see.NT: What was Matt's last name?MT: Biondich. Matt Biondich he had a place up at Helper andhe had a saloon up to Helper and you should know him too. NT: What was the name of the saloon?MT: Matt Biondich, the Helper something, he had a saloon inHelper.NT: Did he live in Helper or did he live in Latuda?MT: He lived right across the street from me in Helper, welived right across the street from each other, me and mysister.NT: So when they kicked you out of Sunnyside what did you do? MT: Move out.NT: When the company kicked you out.MT: We had to move, we moved to Latuda. We had to move so wemoved to Latuda and we had two bedrooms that we had tolive until we got a bigger house.NT: And you had your baby there at Latuda?MT: No, I had my baby here, the third one, in Latuda. NT: Did you have it at home?MT: Yes.NT: Did the doctor come in the house?MT: Doctor come in house, yes.NT: Who was the doctor?MT: Oh, he died. Dr. Elliott.26
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 NT: Dr. Elliott.MT: Dr. Elliott and Dr. Hubbard. They both use to come to ourhouse all the time and they played with my kids, they 1iked the kids, they were good to us. Then when my husband got sick and Dr. Hubbard was in Philadelphia, that hospital he was in and he was sick and in the meantime Dr. Elliott died. Then I didn't know who to get and Joe got sick and I didn't know who to get so I got Demmon. So Demmon came and operated on him and a week later he died. Then when Dr. Hubbard come home, he came to see me and he says, "Mary, I heard Joe died and ---?-- - but he said, "Joe shouldn't have died, Joe shouldn't have died." I said, "He did, what can I do?"NT: What was the matter with him?MT: He had stomach troubles, ulcers in his stomach and theywere so bad that when they operated he just died.NT: Ah, that's a shame . He was forty-seven you said .MT: Yes, forty-seven and I was forty-one.NT: So then when he died, did you have to leave Latuda orcould you stay there?MT: No, we be at the place right down there, you know where ---?--- was? NT: Y es.MT: We bought it from ---?--- and that's where we lived in when Joe died.27
 ¥MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983NT: Now which place is that?MT: The great big place where they had dances.NT: It use[d] to be the roller rink?MT: Yes. So they sold that and I moved over to my mother'shouse. Joe was married, already married and moved to California and he was already dead and she went to California with some friends to work. They took into Latuda so she could work over there and then Francis went to school and then married him and then we move over here. My friend brought Francis here, and she was fourteen years old and brought her here.NT: How long were you a widow before you married again.MT: Two years.NT: And during those two years where did your Mother live? MT: Right up here in Spring Glen and I worked around andcleaned houses and work in Castle Gate you know and stay with my mother and my little girl, she was with me, the youngest one.NT: When did your father die?MT: Oh, my father died right after that.NT: Oh, he was there.MT: He was there with us. He died after I married himalready .NT: Was your father still working in the mines then? MT: No, no, he retired a long time before.28
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 NT: When did he retire?MT: I don't know, I can't remember, only I know he didn'twork for a long time, he stayed home. They were getting a little bit of money from the government you know and a little bit from the mine and they lived on that.NT: Oh, so you had to go out and work didn't you?MT: Oh, I had to go work. Yes, I was working in Castle Gate - --?--- and then Joey would send me money. Joey was ---?-- - had a house there and he lived there and then I stayedwith my mother.NT: So did Joe send you money from California?MT: Joe wasn't in California, he was from ---?---, he livedin a little house, he lived in a little house we had up. NT: And he sent you money?MT: Ohno, hecomebyandseemeandseeusallthetimeandwe didn't need it because I worked here and there youknow .NT: That's good.MT: Was working at Latuda in California and they sent us a dollar or two.NT: That's nice.MT: A little, that's all .NT: So then after you got married to Jackost you moved here? MT: Yes, me and Francis and we had five boys but this one wasmarried, this is his son too and then he was married 29
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 ?--- He was such a nice boy. Then the other ---?--- house they from, they done that ---7--- four kids and now all the kids are married and she's alone.NT : MT:Oh.And she's got a beautiful home, right at the next street and you can see it and he'd ---7--- and then he died too so we only had four live now ---7--- three ---7--- I think was ---7--- nobody was here and so he stayed with us because he lives in Salt Lake City and he was living in Grenada and she is still in the house, she teaches school in a reservation so she is going to sell the house and Mamma is going to stay here. Stay with us and helping us too.Good.Because we're both sick.Yes, when you moved here, did you still have the farm? Oh yes, he had everything, he had trees back there. ---?-clear out to the school you know, clear to the church and way down below to---?--- Rasmussen's house, all that was his.That's a big piece of land.That was a big piece of land. ---7--- house up here, it ' s up here and he lived here all the time.When you first moved here to this house what did you do on the farm?30NT: MT: NT: MT:NT: MT:NT:
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983MT: Oh, they farmed.NT: But what did you do?MT: Oh, I hoed too. I hoed and I cleaned house and I cookedand I baked to the kids in the ---?--- (Chuckle) and I cooked, shop, I do everything. ---?--- and I hoed too so when my sister come down here, we hoed and we ---?--- we just kind of cook ---?--- and he help us too.NT: Did you ever have borders yourself? MT: What?NT: Did you ever have borders?MT: Oh no, just the kids.NT: (Laughing) Yes, just kids.MT: Yes, I had the kids and John was with us at that time,John stayed with us. ---?--- and he never had to work --- ?--- and I'm sick too and so my kids want us to go over there because I got four kids over there in California. They're married and they have beautiful homes and they're both widows ---?- - - their husbands died and then they work, they wanted us to go over there but he won't go, he didn't think he could make it. It was really hard, I don't think he could make it so he cannot go. If he had somebody to hold him and ---?--- left to hold him.NT: Yes, that's hard. How did you meet him?MT: Oh, he lived with his first wife ---?--- use to buybutter, flour, eggs, and everything. His first wife, 31
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983died, got killed in a car wreck and he had six boys and one girl and then they ---?--- and he drove to California to see some friends coming back over there ---?--- and he was a widow for three years and I was a widow for two and so we got married but their grandson use to come here all the time and he use to come here and buy stuff, eggs and butter and stuff you know, they use[d] to belong to the lodge that he had, come and pay my lodge all the time and that's how we met.NT: What lodge do you belong to?MT: Oh, I don't know what they call it. NT: What it's name?MT:NT: MT:I'll go ask him. (Break) Slogas Slovenia number #14 and that's the reason I go now for the last fifty years now. Oh, that's wonderful.Yes, I joined when he had it, and he was president at that time, he knew the president of that a long time until he couldn't do a thing no more and the ---?--- has got it now yeah and I joined.NT: What year did you join, was it after---MT: Fifty, I was fifty years old and that would be thirty-seven years ago. I was fifty years old and he had in that house he had a meeting, he use to come to the meeting and I joined.NT: Did your parents belong to a lodge?32
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 MT: Oh yes, my parents, my whole family and my kids stillbelongs to the lodge. NT: The same lodge?MT: No, to different lodges, there's different .NT: Which one.MT: The other one is Zeme Chaw(?), I got two lodges, I gotone Zeme Chaw and one and this one.NT: So when did you join the other lodge?MT: Oh, the other lodge I joined when I was fifty years old. NT: The one your parent's belong to?MT: The one, my dad was a secretary of that lodge and that'sthe one that I joined. So ---?--- the money.NT: Well, that's nice for your kids. What, is there anythingelse you want to say, I only have one more question? MT: Nothing else, I don't know what to tell either I'm sick or I'm happy so what can I do, what else is there to say?(Laughter)NT: Yes. I want to know what you think has been the biggestchange for you in Carbon County in all the years thatyou've lived here, what has changed the most?MT: Change, what would I change?NT: No, what has changed the most in your life?MT: The most sorrow, it was when my husband died and then mymother died and then my father died and then my sister died and then my older one, every one of them died.33
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 NT: Really, all of them?MT: Everybody I knew, I got a picture right here. (Break)That's me and that's my older sister Mrs. Cossack, that's Louie's mother, and this is Toman my next to Annie, next to her and she was first and then the boys and then me and then this one and then this one. This one, ---?--- was last in the Old Country and then when they come to this country my other brother was born and he was two years old when he died.good, they were married and they had a beautiful little girl and then when his wife died she was twenty-six years old and then he started to drink and just went to hell. He just killed himself and that's the hardest part.NT: That's been the hardest part, hasn't it?MT: Yes, him, losing him because he was my baby and I wastaking care of him and that was the hardest thing andthey are all buried up at Helper.NT: How old were you when your little brother died, how oldWhat was his name?T o n i .Toni , like your dad.NT:MT :NT:MT: He died, he killed himself with bullets. His life waswere you?MT: When Toni died?NT: When Toni died.34
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 MT: Oh, I was married already. I was here already.NT: Oh, you were.MT: Oh yes, I was married to Jackost already, I was here whenhe died and Louie Cossack went to see him and he was drinking too much and he saw him up at the Standard Hospital and my mother stayed with me because my dad died in the meantime, my dad died about a year before and my mother was dead--that was John too and we were just talking to John ---?--- me and my other sisters, Mrs. Cossack come down and she says, "Somebody left to go up there because ---?--- Cossack she's a skur now", she's a nurse. She was up there working. So she come down here and she said that Toni was dead so we come down and she told us and he said, "Toni is dead one woman life to go up there and stay with him and so he told John, he said, "Johnnie we're going--" I drove my car, I had a car that I drove and I got ---?--- and I said, "We'll take you up to Standard and you're going to stay with Toni." Then pretty soon here comes Lou Beck again and he said, "No use going up there, Toni just died."NT: Oh no.MT: Yes, his sister called him and there is my mother sittingthere ---?--- the baby and he was going to Helper. I was just looking at him and said, "God, ---?--- is there a God?" I really believe and I pray but is there literally35
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 a Savior, I don't know.NT: Who knows. Well some day you may find out? MT: Yes, I'll only find out when I go.NT: That's right but we all have to go.MT: We all have to go, that's right.NT: Did you go to church in the Old Country?MT: Oh yes, we had to go, the whole country was at churchevery Sunday, twice a day and we went to school, I went to school one year in the Old Country ---?--- like I say at Helper you know, like Helper I went to Church every Sunday we went to go to Church and then every other holiday everything. When the teacher come to the school house and we had to pray when he came in and we had to pray when he was gone and we had to pray, all the time we were praying. Then in Sunnyside there was no priest and so we went to Mormon Church.NT: Oh, you did.MT: My mother said kids got to believe in something so theysent us to Mormon Church. They had a house, there wasn't no church, they only gave them a house so we went to Mormon. My kids, his daughter married a Mormon and she baptized her baby in this Mormon Church that I went there too and then the other one baptized her kids I had to go. I go to Mormon Church ---?--- one of his kids to the Mormon Church. My mother said they had to believe in36
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 something and then there were maybe three or four babies to baptize or three or four marriages to perform then one man from Sunnyside go to Salt Lake to priest and then the priest come on the train and done his business and then he went back.NT: Oh, I see, I see. So what religion to you belong now? MT: Catholic, Catholics.NT: When did you get to go to Catholic Church, did you go inKansas City?MT: From the Old Country?NT: Yes.MT: Right away we had to go. Oh, my aunt was very religiousand we had to go to Church and then we come to Latuda there is no church and in Sunnyside there was no Church but there was one in Helper, the Greek, there was no cardinal or nothing but they did have a church in Helper at that time, Catholic Church. Then after we moved to Helper, we moved to Helper after the strike and we had a little church up on the hill by the graveyard and then we use to go there. But I still believe in like I say the -?--- you know, where are they.NT: That's right, I would like to thank you for talking to me, it's been very interesting. (Break)MT: We had a good life, that's all, we had a really good life together.37
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983NT: That's good.MT: Then when I was in the hospital and then I come home andmy son came with his wife and he stayed and then he went home and then when I come home my Anthony came and then she went home and the other girl came, they care to me until I get stronger.NT: Oh, that's good.MT: When I was in the hospital because this was a month. Iwas there nearly three weeks so they all come, one by one, to stay with me and help me. But there was much to do but that ---?--- clean this house from top to bottom, bought me new curtains and bought everything, they done everything. Cleaned this house from top to bottom.NT: Oh, that's nice.MT: Yes, very good to me.NT: That's good. Okay. (Break) No, wait a minute, tell meagain, what happened when the strike came at Sunnyside? MT: It was everybody had to quit work and they don't go towork--END OF SIDE ONE--strike too, they throw us out. You got to move out ofthe house because it was company house we were living in. NT: They threw you out of the house in Latuda?MT: Yes.NT: After they already threw you out in Sunnyside.38
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 MT: Yes, the second strike, there was two strikes.NT: So you moved to Latuda, you moved all your furniture up. MT: Yes, then after summer of 1922 then we had to get outtoo .NT: Out of Latuda?MT: Out of Latuda because there was a union man there.NT: Sure.MT: That's why we had to move, so we moved my sister in thestores and that Italian store they use[d] to work latter and then Matt had the store so he give us a place right there to pull the tent and we lived in a tent.NT: In Standardville?MT: Yes, I had two kids then.NT: And you were pregnant.MT: And I was pregnant, yes.NT: How long were you in the tent?MT: I know it was all summer and in the fall they started toorganize and then they went to work, they just started towork in Latuda.NT: And this was in 1922?MT:NT: MT:Yes, in 1922 yes. So it was easy. I went through so much happiness and everything that's all I can say.Where were you during the strike of 1933?In Sunnyside, no in 1922 we was in Latuda but the first strike we were in the Sunnyside. My dad, you know, he39
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 went out too, he was a union man. So we went through two strikes but now there wasn't any for a while.NT: No strikes for awhile, thank heavens. MT : Yes, takes every strike.NT: So 1933 is when you were up at Latuda? MT: Yeah, we lived up there then.NT: 1933?MT: Toni and I, Toni had a house and I had house and we hadtwo rooms, we live in two rooms with two kids. That was 1932 when my two girls were born in Latuda, the last ones they were born.NT: How old are your two youngest now?MT: Oh, Fred is sixty and Angela is sixty-three or two.NT: So they were already kids during 1933?MT: Yes, they were kids when that happened.NT: What do you remember about the strike of 1933, what didyou do?MT: What could I do, nothing. Go where husband go ---?---something so, you know, so we could eat.NT: Were you kicked out of the house again?MT: Oh yes, we were kicked out of the house again, they threwyou out.NT: So where did you go live?MT: My mother had a house right there and we stayed with herfor awhile and then my sister, Mrs. Cossack she had a 40
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 home and we stayed with her for a little while. Then when they decided to work they went to work and then they give us a house.NT: But 1933 is when the union came in right?MT: 1922 to 1933 was when the union came in.NT: Did you ever go to the meetings for the National Miner'sUnion?MT: No, the women didn't go, the men went.NT: Oh, I see.MT: The women didn't go, no.NT: Do you remember hearing about the two different unions? MT: Oh no because you couldn't hear nothing.NT: The men didn't talk about it?MT: No, they did probably with the men you know but not thewomen. Men talked together and they talked.NT: When women got together what did you talk about?MT: Oh, what we do, how we do, and what to do it. ---?--- andwe talk but we really had the whole street, the Briner's Street was so friendly and we were all so happy there, everybody was happy there. I had a cousin, my sister across the street and my cousin lived up above and now they're all gone, all dead. They are all strange people now, Mrs. Tolson was dead, Lolie Eady Tolson, Mrs. Kosselli and now everything is changed, life changes.NT: Yes it does.41
 MARY TOPOLOVEC January 20, 1983 MT: Yes, it does sometimes for the better and sometime forworse .NT: Do you think know it changing for the better or for theworse?MT: Oh, it's all right for me now, what can I do now. We livehere like we do and ---?--- he stays with us and he helps us and then any help what can we do, there is nothing to do, there is no change. I know when my grandson was here I was pretty happy you know and then they had to go home. They got their own family over there and their own kids and their own work, their own homes so what are you going to do.NT: Yes, that's right. Huh.END OF INTERVIEW42