  JACK KISSINGER Uravan, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngelUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-172August 6, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsAugust 6, 1970Tape #1:The Union at Union Carbide ............... 1 Navajos. 4 Workers at Uravan. 6 Fraternal Organizations. . . . . . ........ 8 Union Benefits .................... 10 Grievance Committee .................. 13
 THE FOLLOWING I SC O N D U C T E D B Y C L A R E6 , 1 9 7 0 . T H I S I S AN INTER VIEW FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY PROJECTS, SPONSORED BY THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. (TAPE #1.]AN INTER VIEW WITH J A CK K I S S I N G E R , E N G E L , A T U R A V A N , C O L O R A D O , ON A U G U S TCE: Thank you very much, Mr. Kissinger, for taking the time to talk with me. I appreciate this opportunity. As I have told you, we are doing a history of the Uranium Industry on the Colorado Plateau. My particular assignment is Union Carbide. I'm very interested in your activities in the Union and the various areas that you have worked and your job. But before we begin with that, would you tell me where you were born and where you were raised?JK: I was born in Delta, Colorado, and I was raised there and lived in Western Colorado for most of my life with the exception of 5 years in services duringWorld War II.CE: When did you go to work for Union Carbide? JK: 1951, March.CE: What had you done before that?JK: Mostly farm work.CE: Farm work? Did you grow up on a farm?JK: Y es.CE: Did you? What did you start doing when you began towork for Union Carbide?JK: I started on the labor crew and worked there for1
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERabout 6 months. Then I went into mechanical maintenance work. I've done welding work for about 8 years. The past 11 years I've been a machinist.Where primarily have you worked for Union Carbide? Just here in Uravan.Then you came directly here? You came right at theCE: JK: CE:JK: CE:JK:CE:JK:CE: JK: CE: JK: CE:beginning of the boom years?Y es.Could you tell me about that and how you were affected?I don't know. It's just been--I just don't know what to say about it.Were you a lot more busy than you are now, for instance?Oh, no. As far as my own personal job it's been about the same all the time.How many Union members do you have here at Uravan? About 110 to 120, it varies.All the mill workers unionized?Y es.But they don't necessarily have to belong to theUnion, is that right?JK: No, it's not a Union-shop. We don't have Union-shopcontracts.CE: How did you become involved as a leader of the Union2
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGER here?JK:I was appointed during the middle of the term as a recording secretary for the Union here in about 1952, I believe. Elections are held every 2 years on the odd years. In 1953 I was nominated and elected as financial secretary for the Union and I had that position for 16 years. Then in 1969, I was elected-- -?--- of the Union and that's what I am now.You've been that for 2 years.Uh-huh.Do you know when the Unions came to Uravan?1950, let's see. December of 1950 was when this was organized, the mill was organized, just shortly before I came to work here.CE: JK: CE: JK:CE: Who instigated it, did some outside people come in, or did the mill-owner decide he wanted the Union to come in?JK: Well, they had a union representative from District 50 come here. Evidently somebody expressed a desire for the Union to come in and he came in. At that time it was a man by the name of C. L. Hamlin--he' s dead now, but he was the representative here for probably 7 or 8 years after I came here.CE: How receptive was Union Carbide to the Union?JK: At first I think that probably--they didn't act like3
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERthey wanted it too well. But down through the years our relationship has improved, and at the present time I feel that we have a real good company-Union relationship here.CE: Do you want to make a comparison between your Union activities in the '50s, the boom years and the '60s, when the activities began to slack a little?JK: Well, I think that activities probably haven't slowed down as far as the Union activities are concerned. I think that we have probably had as much interest in the Union as we have ever had. Our relationship with the company back in the boom days wasn't as good as it is today. I think that we have better relations with the company.CE: Why?JK: I don't know, it's just a matter of time passing byand we got to respect each other's position more as we went along. We have learned that we're both here to stay and that it's just improved.CE: You have many more Navajos working for Union Carbide now than you did in the '50s.JK: Yes. In the mill, up until probably 3 or 4 years ago, there weren't any Navajos working in the mill. But now I think that there are 2 or 3, I'm not so sure that all of those are Navajos, but there are 2 or 34
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERIndians working and there has been more than that, but they quit and went somewhere else in the mill. In the mines now there are quite a few, but the difference I think, probably is--to work in the mill there is a different test than there is for workingin the mines. There are so many of the Navajos that don't have education to pass the test that they give up at the mill.CE: Navajos are notorious for not joining. I was wondering if they have joined the Union.JK: All of the ones that have worked in the mill have joined the Union. I don't know of one that hasn't. We have, I'm not sure whether there are 2 or 3 Indians, and one of them I'm not sure that he's a Navajo. Hewasn't raised in a Navajo environment 'cause he was raised over in Delta and his mother lives there now, so I'm not sure that he's Navajo. But he's been here for several years and he belonged to the Union from the start. I have another boy, he is a Navajo and he goes back and forth to the reservation all the time and he belongs to the Union. Now we had a couple of others, and all these Indian boys have got some education. I mean, one or two of them have some college education. I don't think either one of them are still here that have college education. -I think5
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERthey quit and went back to school.CE: Any other unions try to come in?JK:CE: JK: CE: JK:CE: JK: CE: JK:We've never had any difficulty with any raids at any time.Is that what you call them? Is that the term?Yes. The Union calls them raids. Outside---?---You wouldn't encourage that?No. I think that we have a good Union and we have a good contract. We do have problems once in a while as anybody would. We have grievances.Like what?Oh, most of our troubles are over overtime usually. You don't think that they are equitable you mean?No. It's a matter of the company sometimes making a mistake and giving overtime to the wrong people and when they do they have trouble with discharges. The company firing somebody for an unjust cause. We have had in the past, but in the last few years, well, they just don't fire people very often and then when they do it is usually for a legitimate reason and wedon't have any recourse.CE: Where do most of the workers come from?JK: They're pretty wel1 from all parts of the country. There are quite a few people from Western Colorado, Grand Junction, Delta, Montrose. There are others6
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERfrom Oklahoma, Texas, Missouri. Most of the people are from the Western part of the United States that work here.CE: Do you have a lot of turn-over in the mill?JK: No. That's improved considerably too, down through the years. When I first started work here--well, when I first went in as financial secretary, just about every month we'd have about 5 to 10 new members in the Union. The last few years if you had 5 to 10 in ayear, that was unusual.CE: Why do you think that is? Why do you think that hassettled down?JK: Oh, I don't know. The people--well, it's just likeme, I came to work here and I never really had any thought of staying here for 20 years. But I think there have been other people, they've just settled down and their children are in school and it's a good place to work. They have housing that is reasonable.CE: Very reasonable, isn't it?JK: Yes. The schools are generally good here.CE: Do you and Mrs. Kissinger like Uravan?JK: Yes. I can't say that she likes it real well, but Ido.CE: What's her complaint?JK: Oh, she just gets tired of this hole in the rocks7
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERover here, as she calls it. But she don't really dislike it.She'd rather live where there are more people and more shopping?CE:JK: CE:JK:CE: JK: CE: JK: CE: JK: CE: JK:I guess so, yes.Does she take an active interest in the PTA, for instance, at the school?No, she never has too much. She's had an interest in auxiliary, VFW auxiliary.You have that?Yes. VFW post here.I didn't know that.Has about 40 members.You were a veteran of World War II?Yes, I've got a lifetime membership in VFW.What other fraternal organizations are here?Right at the present time there aren't any. There has been a Lion's Club at one time. It went on for a few years and then people lost interest in it. The only other was a Rifle Club, National Rifle Association Club.Are you interested in that?No. I hunt and fish and everything, but I never belonged to a Rifle Club. My son, who is 12 years old, belongs to the Junior Rifle Club.CE: JK:8
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERCE: Who encourages that? Who set it up? The company ordid an individual?JK: No, there are a few individuals. We have a personhere who's probably won more trophies and metals for shooting than probably anyone in the state of Colorado. He works here and he's worked here for over 20 years.CE: Where does he work?JK: He works in the maintenance department, he's amechanic. He's on vacation right now. He did work in the warehouse for a number of years and then went into the mill. They put out a lot of good rifle, target-shooters around here 'cause he's an encouraging sponsor. They do have a bow-and-arrow club here, but I don't know too much about it 'cause I've never been interested.CE: You don't want to shoot your deer that way? JK: No. I'll leave that to the Indians.CE: Do you think that they still do it that way? JK: No.CE: What's the ratio of Union vs. non-Union in the mill, do you know?JK: Well, I would say nearly all the time about 99%. CE: Is that right, unionized you mean?JK: Unionized. There have been times, for a short period 9
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERof time when it dropped down to maybe 90%, but it's just been for short periods of time. When a person starts here, he's got a 25-day probationary period, where if he don't work out the company can discharge him or get rid of him without any resource from the Union. That doesn't mean that he has to be on the payroll for 25 days, he has to actually have workedfor 25 days. During this period we don't even try to get them into the Union because we don't want their money unless we can do them some good, so we just don't make any efforts to get them in. Now if they want to join before that time, why, fine and dandy, it's entirely up to them. A fter that 25 days sometimes they're scattered through the mill and it takes a while to get them into the Union sometimes. Some people that have never belonged to the Union before--they may be here a year before they decide to join the Union. We don't try to pressure them to join the Union. We encourage it.CE: You said it'd do them some good. What advantages do you have as a Union member that you would not have if you were not a Union member?JK: The way the law is, I don't know as there are any. If they work in a bargaining unit and they have a legitimate grip, the law says that they're entitled10
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERto be represented whether they belong to the Union or not because they are a member of the bargaining unit. So, if a person came to work here and didn't choose to join the Union, and he worked here, say, 6 months or a year and he was fired and he had a legitimate reason for not being fired, I, as president of the Union if he came to me, would have to represent him,if he came to me, whether I wanted to or not. This isthe law.CE: Why do you feel so strongly about it?JK: About the Union? I think they are absolutelynecessary, especially when you are working for a big company and there are so many personalities involved. If you were working for just one individual and he was making all the decisions and he was a fair-minded person, I don't suppose that the Union would be necessary. But where there are so many people that are involved in a place 1ike this, they don't all think alike. There are going to be times when somebody is going to get the wrong deal. Where you have a Union, you minimize this. ---?---. There have been times when there have been grievances, we've had arbitration cases. We've lost some of them, we've won some of them. The company has had to give people their jobs back a time or two--well, probably more11
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERthan that over a period of 20 years, where they were discharged and it was proved that they were unjustly discharged. The Union would bat for them and get their jobs back for them. I've gotten a number of people's jobs back for them and I've also been on the grievance committee for about 17 years.CE: Why was there a strike in 1 65?JK: I think it was just that it went that far, it was awage-dispute. I think that people just made up their minds that they were going to go on strike. There was nobody trying to sell anybody that they should go on strike, but it just came back from negotiations and they had voted to go on strike and we went on strike.CE: Did you get what you wanted? Were you satisfied?JK: No. We got, I think, one or two cents after being out 3 weeks, more than we had been offered before. However, I do think that the strike did a lot of good. Not particularly at that time, I think that thecompany, my own personal feeling is that the company felt that we'd never go on strike and they do have more respect for the Union after the strike then before because they know that it can happen. I think that our relations have gotten better since thattime.CE: Who do you deal with personally?12
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERJK: Normally Bernie Jones, he handlesthe companyaffairs, the---?--- company.CE: Do you scrutinize the company?JK: I don't know.CE: Well, are you personally responsible for seeing theforeman or the supervisors follow through on theresponsibilities that they have to the Union?JK: Yes. I have to discuss points of disagreement with a number of foremen out at the mill. But generally if the problem is very serious, then Bernie and the grievance committee (there are three members on thegrievance committee) usually end up ironing it out. They don't get to Bernie or always get to me. Some of the problems are ironed out before they get to that stage. We have a three-phase grievance procedure, where a grieved employee (and he can have a Union steward with him or not, whatever he desires) takes a verbal step and he discusses his problem with his immediate foreman. If they can't iron things out within 4 days, I think it is, then it is turned overto the grievance committee and it's put into writing. At that point the grievance committee takes it over and the second step is the grievance is between the-- usually the immediate foreman and his supervisor and the grievance committee. This is where Bernie comes13
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGERinto it. If we can't settle things in that step, then the superintendent of the plant and the grievance committee meet. Of course, if they're not settled there, then we have another step now between the Union representative, who's employed by the Union and he's paid by the Union. He---?--- in Grand Junction. Who does he talk to?He meets with the general--well, usually they come to Uravan for that step. Chan McPete and the plant superintendent and the grievance committee are usually in on these.Does it happen very often?Not too often. They have one of these, where it goes that far. After that step if there's not agreement, there's arbitration. I think that we've had probably, if I can remember, not over--I'd say 6 arbitrations in 20 years.Is that a good record?I think it is. There are a number of places that have, it seems like, arbitrations all the time. Now, we haven't had an arbitration case here at Uravan in I believe the last 3 years that I know of. Maybe longer than that. It's been quite a spell.CE: And you think the reason for that is what?JK: Well, I think that we've just, there's just been anCE: JK:CE: JK:CE: JK:14
 INTERVIEW: KISSINGEReffort by the company and the Union to iron out our problems and have better relations.Is there anything you'd like to add from your standpoint and your work here with Carbide before we close? That whistle is going to be on the tape. I think that we should explain, that's the new whistle,CE:JK: CE: JK: CE:JK:isn't it?Uh-huh.That's going to sound loud on the tape.It probably will.Youe feelings about the company, you feelings about your particular job as president of the Union?Of course; I've always, since I have been working here, been interested in company-Union relations. I enjoy the work as a Union representative. I also, as I have said before, have been encouraged by the relations that we have had with the company over the past few years. They're pretty considerable over that time. There isn't anything else, I guess.Thank you very much, Mr. Kissinger.[END OF INTERVIEW]CE:15