 CC-29 DALP AIZ,Carbon County Oral History ProjectJOSEPHMarch 12, 1973 - Helper, UtahN >-.s 0 H ,.q Ill 0 .w0'\ ("') N ['-,::X: m E--tI u u0'\rl ..0 >-.P-1 .w 3::Ulár-1::r:m 0 rl....:l p Q)ár-1 0 .w,::X: ár-1 u.. ....:l.w .wár-1l--1 ::r: Q)P-1 0-lIYIrl  U) Q) H m0   l--1  ,::X: '"d   Q)z,.qQ) uRecorded by Kendra and C. TomsicSubjects: Father, Mining and Strikes, Prejudiceand Problems, Foods, The Store, Helper in Early Part of the Century, Review of Old Photographs, The Mafia and the Ku Klux Klan, Leaders in Helper, Wages, Nationalities, Church.l--1 '"d Q)   .w muár-1 >-. Ul l--10..:>rlN >-.u uU).wuQ)Tl 0 l--1 P-1,.q ,.q m>-. m .w l--1 .w pmp.. l--1l--1 0.w 0 ár-1l--1 mm l--1ár-1 Q) Ul   l--1 m Q) ....:l :>>-. 0-l l--1.w ::::1E--t :s már-1 .w :s   rl0 pm 0 ..0 l--1mu
 Table of ContentsMarch 12, 1973Tape #1:FatherMining and Strikes; Prejudice and Problems . Foods; The Store . . . . . . . . . . . . .Helper in Early Part of the Century . . . . . . . Review of Old Photograhs .The Mafia and Ku Klux Klan Leaders in Helper . . Wages; Nationalities Church. 1 . 7 12 . 17 2025. 2831 35
 THIS I S1 9 7 3 A TKENDRACOUNTY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE # 1 . ]AN INTERVIEW WITH DR. JOEH I S HOME I N H E L P E R , TOMSIC AND C. TOMSIC.U T A H .KT: When were you born, Mr. Dalpaiz?JD: I was born May 17, 1904, right here in Helper up onthe Moynier farm.KT: What is your ethnic origin, your nationality?JD: Well, my father was a Tule and my mother was anV enetian. W ell, of course I knew she wasgoing tohave a ---?---. [Chuckle]KT: But both of those places, are they in Italy?JD: Y es.KT: Both of them?JD: Y es.KT: How long have you lived in Carbon County?JD: All my life.KT: And how long is that? [Chuckle] If you don't want totell me.JD: Well, I told you 1904.KT: 1904 okay, I'll figure it out. [Laughter] Do youspeak more than one language? JD: Y es.KT: Do you speak Italian also?JD: I speak Italian and I speak a little Spanish andthat's about all I speak. I know a few words in several others, but that's the only two that I reallyTHISDALP AIZ ON MARCH 1 2 , [ T H E I N T E R V I E W E R S A R E I S PART OF THE CARBON
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1 speak.KT: Your occupation now, you're a dentist?JD: Well, that's what I quit because I was retiring. I'mretired as a dentist. I was a dentist for forty-threeyears and that's enough.KT: I'd say, wow, a long time! Did your parents come fromthe old country? JD: Y es.KT: Both of them?JD: Both of them. My dad carne directly to Castle Gate in1896, and my mother carne here--my mother lived in Pennsylvania for awhile and then carne to Castle Gate and that is where they met.KT: What did your dad do in the old country, what was his occupation?JD: In the old country?KT: Uh huh.JD: Well, there wasn't much to do except--originally hewas a chimney sweeper as a little boy sweeping chimneys. He used to crawl down the chimneys with a brush and a broom; he was a chimney sweeper in the old country, and then he just did odd jobs until he carne over here and got a job in the mine in Castle Gate.KT: How old was he when he carne?2
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1JD: Well, let's see, he came in 1896, oh, I guess abouttwenty, twenty-one years old, about twenty-one.KT: Did your mother have any special occupation in theold country? JD: No.KT: About when did she come?JD: My mother came to the United States in about--wellshe wasn't very old, she was about ten I guess, and she lived in Pennsylvania and then moved out to Castle Gate.KT: Did they ever tell you why they decided to come to America, was there any special reason?JD: Well, I guess he tried to get a job and work, that's all I can understand. Over there they didn't have anything so they decided--well, her parents came with her you see. Well no, her dad came here first and he went to V enezuela, South America, and from V enezuela he went to Pensacola, Florida, and from Pensacola, Florida he went to Pennsylvania, and that's when he sent for his wife and two children. They lived in Pennsylvania I don't know, not very long anyways, about eight or nine years I guess, then they came out to Utah.KT: What method of transportation brought them to America?3
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1JD: They came over on a ship, on a boat.KT: Did they ever tell you of any hardships or anythingthey suffered on the ship?JD: No, they didn't have any, except seasickness, butKT: JD: KT:that's a whole other story. But seasickness, they didn't have many hardships. Once they got here they didn't have--well, there was nothing here, when they got here there was nothing here, but they didn't have too many hardships on the ship at all.Did they land in New York City? In New York.Did they tell you any of the things they ever had togo through in immigration lines or any of this?JD: Well, they just said that they had to go through the Immigration Offices and everything, and then the trip from New York, Dad's trip from New York out here wasquite something. He said that when he left New York they gave him a stick of baloney about that long and a loaf of bread and he said he couldn't speak, he couldn't say anything. He said that he was so hungry by the time he got to Denver--he couldn't eat there. He only had a few dollars and he was afraid someone would beat him out of that. So he saw a beanery. They used to have eating houses next to the railroad track and they used to call them "beaneries," and it was4
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1there that he saw this beanery and he saw these people eating inside and he didn't know whether to get off the train or not, he was afraid the train would leave and he would miss it, but he took a chance, he got off this train and he ran into this beanery. As he come down he saw a loaf of bread and he pointed to the bread like that, just pointed to it and he got this--I don't know, five or ten cents that he had paid for this loaf of bread, and the waitress gave him his change and he got back on the train and all he had to eat from Denver until he got to Wellington down here was that loaf of bread. In W ellington the news- -you used to have these news,they called them "news" which was at that time, and they used to go around selling fruit and candy and stuff along the train, and this "news butch" came by and the "news butch" showed him an apple, an orange, and a peach. So Dad pointed to this apple and this peach you see, and he pulled out a dime and showed my dad how much it was, and my dad reached in his pocket and he had two nickels. My Dad said he wanted the peach and he wanted the apple, but only for a nickel. Well, this guy said he would give him the apples, two apples for a dime, but my dad wanted an apple and a peach. He said they finally closed the deal by the5
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1time they got to W ellington.KT: Oh boy!JD: So he had quite a time. He was afraid that he wasgoing to get cheated you see, and he didn't have much when he got to Wellington. His brother was here, and of course his brother knew he was coming, and about the date he was going to get here, and he was supposed to meet him in Castle Gate. Well, the conductor forgot to leave him off at Castle Gate, so he went all the way to Colton on the train and they let them off at Colton and the conductor told the station agent that he was to go to Castle Gate. So he says he hung around there and the next train didn't come 'till oh--well, it got into Castle Gate at about eleven o'clock at night, and there was nothing in Castle Gate except a box car sitting aside the road which was a depot out there. He said they got off there and it was dark and he didn't see anybody around and he says he just walked up and down the track there trying to stay awake and he didn't go and lay down or nothing, to stay awake. So he said that about that time, ["What the heck is going on over there?" What are those two-- (looking out the window)KT: Hitchhikers? JD: Yes, nuts.6
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1KT: Out in the smow over there. They're nuts.JD: Yes, crazy.] So he said that he just walked around.The next morning, it was early, about four-thirty to five o'clock in the morning, a car come by and he looked at my dad and he could tell that he was--from the kind of suitcase he had and everything, he could tell that he was just here. So he took him, he tried to talk to him and he couldn't understand what he was saying and he said, "You come with me." He took him down to where the Tanners lived and he happened to get him down to a fellow who was almost a countryman of my Dad's, you see. So he got him in there and then that night they went to his brother and his brother was doing something at somebody else's house, and they went over to where he was living and told him-- of course his brother wanted to know how the hell he got there. He said he didn't know. He said that he went past here and then they put him on a train and then sent him back and it was kind of a ---?--- it was just a short time, about two weeks that he had a job in the mine and he mined coal. Boy, I could tell you about the life there. After that he went to the mine, he worked the mine until they went out on strike in 1906. No, before, 1903, that's when it was, 1903 they went out on strike, and he went out too,7
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1but he never did go back to the mines.KT: After that you mean?JD: After that he never went back to the mines. He wentinto business and--well, it was like here up to thattime.KT: Well, when he was in the old country did he knowthat he was going to come to Carbon County, wasthat his destination?JD: Well, that's what he knew. He never knew what it waslike or anything. The reason he came here is because his brother was here you see. He came, his brother came over a year before and he was here, so he decided to follow his brother.KT: Did he come alone?JD: Yes. He was alone all the way, but my mother camewith her mother and brother--to Pennsylvania, that is. Then they came out from Pennsylvania here and the four of them came together, my grandfather, grandmother, and my mother and her brother.KT: Then your dad, when he came he was a miner for a while, he was involved in the strikes, the one strike?JD: 1904.KT: How long? JD: 1903.8
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1KT: Yes. Did they get anything out of that strike at all,any benefits?JD: No, they all got chased out of their homes in CastleGate.KT: Did they?JD: Yes, they got chased out of their homes, you see. The property the homes were on belonged to the company, and they belonged to the Utah Fuel Company at the time. But the owner owned the home, then my grandfather finally bought this home from some other miner that was leaving. It was not much of a home, but it was what they had. So he bought this home and he lived up there a few years, and after they were married he came down to Helper and went into business, and I can tell you that, but that's all.KT: Well, when he first came did your parents ever mention any type of prejudice they were faced with in Castle Gate?JD: Well, it's like all prejudice, there were, sure there was prejudice against them. Every nationality suffered certain prejudices. A few years later when the Greeks got here they suffered it. Everybody else come in and suffered a certain amount of it. He said,"There wasn't a--" he said, "In Castle Gate the people up there were not too bad." You know, there9
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1was a certain amount of prejudice, but they weren't too bad. Mamma always said that people got along better in Castle Gate than anyplace she had everKT:JD:KT: JD:KT: JD:seen. She said there were always a few but not much. Up there at the time there was not too much of it, but they got along pretty good up there and that's about all. It wasn't like some camps that always hadtrouble, but they didn't seem to have much trouble. You said they met up there and they became married, was there any special marriage customs they followed? Well, they were married in Salt Lake City, they went into Salt Lake to get married, and they were both Catholics and went to the Catholic Church and were married.How long did they live in Castle Gate?Well, from the time we got there till--about a year and a half to two years. My grandfather bought a farm down here, where the Lamoni farm, you know where that is?Yes.Yes, that way up there, and he bought that farm and then they carne down and they lived there 'till they died or until my Granddad died. Well, he told Ma (who died last) they owned it, until about a year ago and then they sold it.10
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1KT: Did your parents farm there?JD: No, my dad never farmed. No, he went into businessdown in Helper. First he would tend bar, and he did that for a couple of years. Then he went into the saloon business himself and it just went like that.KT: Well, you said that you didn't think there was too much prejudice or they didn't think--did the people get together a lot in the camps in Helper and so on? Yeah. The Italian Lodge that is here now was formedJD:TK:JD :in Castle Gate, and that lodge was built for a 4th of July Celebration, they built--what they called it, "the bowery," and all it was was a floor, a rough-pine flooring, and they built a top to it that was shaded with branches and trees. Of course they had a celebration up there, a three or four-day celebration up at Castle Gate, and then all the people--well, the others and the Italians went up there and they went and celebrated for three days at this bowery and they got along pretty good.Did they have any real problems with language barriers at all?Oh, it' s always a problem when they can' t speak it it's a problem for sure. Of course none of them went to school in this country, and naturally it was hard for them to learn. They just picked it up, but11
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1outside that they didn't have much trouble that way.TK: Well, did your parents celebrate any Italian holidays or customs?JD: Yes, they always celebrated Columbus Day on the 12th of October.KT: Columbus Day. Did they do anything special for that? JD: Well, just--they got together and had a dance and they had kind of a--well, it was meals, like we had a banquet, and most of the stuff at that time wasn't cooked, it was cold cuts of meat, bread, cheese, and salami and stuff like that they always had. It wasquite a thing, it looked like a sun--and I was just a kid then. It looked like a--God, there was an elaborate--they really put on a little shindig.KT: Well, did they eat a lot of the same foods they had eaten in the old country here?JD: Not too much, because over there they didn't have too much, they knew what the food was, but they had more food here than they ever had over there, it was a different thing you see. They never had much to eat in the old country except--well, do you know whatpolenta is? KT: Yes.JD: Well, polenta, cheese, and stuff like that, beans and stuff they could grow in vegetable gardens and that's12
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1 about all.KT: Did they raise their own vegetables and things here also? Did your parents make wine?JD: Oh yes.KT: They made wine?JD: Oh yes, couldn't live without that wine. [Laughter] CT: Did you ever see the trains or anything corning withall these grapes and that?JD: Yes. Well, in fact my dad had nineteen carloads ofgrapes shipped in here one fall, nineteen boxcarloads.KT: For him, himself?JD: Yes, shipped to him, but he was selling to the otherpeople around him you see. We sold a lot of grapes that way, we would go out and we would get these grapes from California and then would sell them to the people here, you see? Nineteen carloads in one year is quite a few grapes.KT: Really! Tons and tons.CT: Your father also worked as a bar tender?JD: Y es.CT: Did he say that the people got along pretty well inthe bars and stuff?JD: Yes, fine. Oh, they had their hours like they arehaving now, it's the same thing, scuffles and scrapes 13
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1and oh, once in a while it got serious.KT: Do you remember anything of interest that he told you maybe about when he worked in the bar?JD: In the mine?KT: In the bars.JD: Well, you always run across a few characters, youknow, that thought they were something. There was a fellow that used to work on the railroad, a kind of a guard that was quite a character. There was two of them, one was Johnson, last name, and what the heck was the other name? I just had it in my mind when I talked about it. Johnson--well, there were a few around anyway. I think Johnson killed two young boys- -well, they weren't young men really, they were still boys as far as--they were eighteen and nineteen years old up there at- -do you know where-- I knew the old folk's name. Do you know a Lynn Davis that lives up here?KT: Yes.JD: Lynn Davis.KT: Up in Castle Gate?JD: No, Lynn Davis. He lives right up at, before you getto Martin.KT: Yes, I think so.JD: Do you know where Mrs. Matich lives?14
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1KT: Yes.JD: Just above Mrs. Matich, and they were out pickingdandelions and he shot both of them, practically for nothing. He took--they were out there picking dandelions, you know how they go out in the field.KT: Yes.JD: Well, these two boys, his name was Johnson, and thenthis other guy shot Johnson down at--the other guy I want to tell you about and I forgot his name already, but he shot Johnson down at Carbonville. He used to call where Heiner was, he used to call it the"halfway house," because it was halfway between Helper and Castle Gate. It was called the halfway house. I don' t know, I can' t remember. I know the name, it is right at the end of my tongue but I can't get it. I don't know if I can recall it right now or not. Ask some other questions and we'll get back to it.KT: Okay. Let me see. What did your father--did he always work as a bartender?JD: Well, in a saloon, and then he went into the grocery business.KT: Did he?JD: Oh yes, we had a store here. KT: What was it called? (Pause)15
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1MJD: Don't you remember?JD: I don't remember, do you know that?MJD: No, I don't.JD: I never thought of that for--that's the first timethat's been asked since we had the store. It waswhere Castle Rock had the store first.MJD: Could it be called Castle Rock then?JD: No, no, it wasn't that. It got the name of CastleRock when it moved down from Royal.MJD: Do you want me to call Mary up and see if she knows? JD: Nah.KT: Do you remember where it was at, where it waslocated?JD: Yes, it was located right where the Dalpaiz Hotel islocated. KT: Oh.JD: You see that building they had there burned down and then the one that is there now was built.KT: What made him go into the store business, do you know?JD: Just live everything else, he was trying to better himself, trying to make a better living for the family, that's about all. He was quite a hustler, my dad.KT: Really? Wasn't he the one that started the lodge? 16
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1 Didn't he start it?JD: No, he was one of them, he was one of the founding members. He was one of the founding members, yes.KT: Did the Lodge have a special purpose?JD: Well yes, it was to help out. What it is, it's alodge for mutual benefits is what it is. Of course they belong and they pay dues, and if anybody was hurt they took care of him, you know, and they tried to give him a little money if they needed it but, they never did have a lot, but enough to help the people out that needed it. They still paid benefits, it's part of the same benefits now as it paid then, and that ain't very much.KT: Do you think this helped bring the people together also?JD: Oh yes, of course it brought the Italians, two or three, yes.KT: Helper at first wasn't too modern I guess. Maybe the roads and things were--JD: No, there was nothing here except a little road going right through it, but there was nothing, there was nothing across the river up that way, there was nothing but--well, it was a field, but that was rockier and they couldn't raise very much, but across the track there was a field, and that's about all.17
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1KT: Well, what about conveniences like running water,bathrooms, and things like this, was there any ofthat?JD: They didn't have any at that time, at that time. Iguess they used to get the wells, and they used these wells and these hand pumps that pumps the water up, and that's all they had, there was no modern conveniences at the time.KT: What about methods of communication, telephones--JD: Well, no telephones, there was no telephones. Thatwould be hard on you kids.KT: Really. [Chuckle] Well, how did they--[END OF SIDE ONE]JD: Many people walked from Castle Gate to Helper toshop.KT: Did they have newspapers?JD: No, no newspapers, not at that time.KT: About when did those come into being?JD: I guess about 1914 to '15, that's about the time theold Helper Times was founded. The first paper herewas called the Helper Times.KT: Did it report the news pretty good or was there anynews to report?JD: Well, there wasn't much news to report. [Laughter] KT: A bunch of gossip.18
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1JD: It's about the way it is now.KT: Did a lot of the Italian people go into business?JD: Well, most of them did, yes. Oh, a lot of themremained in the mines and worked, but there were quite a few that came to Helper that went into the businesses and there were quite a few like Barboglio, Joe Barboglio and Tony Labori.MJD: Rolando.JD: Who?CT: Mr. Rolando in the Mutual Store.JD: Yes, they came later; he came later. But the real oldtimers that went into business was Barboglio, my dad,Labori, and Jim Martel.MJD: What about Ruggeri, did he go into--JD: No, he worked for the people. He came down with--Dr.Ruggeri's father also came down and he bought that little place they got where the young Dr. Ruggeri lives now, and bought that farm down there and he worked for somebody else all the time, he never went into business on his own until after, he went about 19--I guess in the early '20s he went into business for himself. He was only in business for a short time.KT: Let's see. Was Henry Ruggeri, did he set up some kind of a club, an Americanization Club in Carbon County,19
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1 Henry Ruggeri?JD: Not that I know of. I don't know anything, I never heard of that. You see, his dad was named Charlie Ruggeri, Charlie Ruggeri, and he's got the doctor down in Price, and his name is Charlie Ruggeri, and he was named after his dad, and he's the oldest boy on that farm in the town there, and then he went to school up at the University of Utah and became a lawyer, you see. He never went into business or anything like that, he never had much to do with anything to do with the Club Italian.KT: Who kept law and order around here, you know, was there a sheriff?JD: The sheriff. The sheriff used to, until the town was incorporated, and then the city had one policeman or officer.KT: Let me show you some pictures and maybe you can tell me something about them. We've got really a good picture collection, if you just want to look through those, and maybe that will bring back some stories orsomething that you might know about.JD: [Looking at some pictures] That's the old YMCA there. KT: That is? Where was that at?MJD: That's right down here.KT: It's the same one that is there now?20
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1JD: No.MJD: The depot was there, wasn't it?JD: No, the depot, it is up farther. I don't know thedepot, you can hardly see it here.MJD: ---?---. Can you see it?JD: Yeah, I see it. But that's the old YMCA there.KT: What did they use to do there?JD: Well, that was called the railroad YMCA, and theyused to have rooms there for the railroad men, and they used to sleep. And they use to have church services on Sunday and it was kind of a meeting place. They had a gymnasium in the bottom floor.KT: Whatever happened to it, did they just tear it down? JD: They tore it down.KT: We have a fantastic picture collection, and that isjust a few of the pictures. We have about the best picture collection of Carbon County that you'll ever find. There are pictures on the back, too.JD: This is a long time there, there is a bridge here. MJD: Where did you get the pictures from?KT: Ah, just some people, and then we take them and blowthem up and we give them back to them. MJD: Oh yes, I know.KT: The response has just been great. I just thought that maybe if you saw a few of these pictures that it21
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1mi ght bring back some stories or things like that .JD :MJD:KT: MJD:JD: KT: MJD: KT: MJD: JD: MJD:JD: MJD: JD: MJD:JD:MJD:Here's an old, this one, they got this picture down at the bank now.What was his name that directed that, he was an Italian director?Oh was he?Oh yes. Oh gad, I should remember t hat . There's Antoinette Marelli there, she played in i t . There is a lot of them there. Is this down in --- ?-- - ?Yes, I guess so.Was this a school band or just a--?No, it was a city band.Playing in parades and things like that?Uh huh. Gad, that's an old oldie.It's not so old.It's the City Hall, but I don't remember. Shorty Phonacal(?) wanted to sell me that Hoover.Did he? Another one?He said that thye would be up after supper.Okay.Oh, I can't think of who's that girl? This one, he is so familiar and I can't think of his name.There are two or three on there that are real familiar.Too bad--! recognized her .22
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1JD: That's Antoinette all right.MJD: Yes, that's Antoinette, because she played in it. Infact, that man is a--JD: He used to live down there.MJD: He used to live right next to her.JD: Yes, he used to live down that way.MJD: Who's that?JD: That's at a funeral.MJD: I don't know anyone there. These people in my time Idon't--[Break]KT: You know that hotel, the Old Dalpaiz Hotel, is thatyours?JD: Yes. Well, it belongs to the family.KT: Did your dad build it?JD: Y es.KT: He was also a hotel manager then too?JD: Huh?KT: He was also in the hotel business at the same time? JD: Well, he built it and rented it out to somebody else,but he ran it for a couple of years. [Break]KT: Do you remember that particular Storrs Bakery?JD: Yes, I remember the bakery, yes. In fact, one of mycousins worked in there.KT: Was that up in the canyon?JD: Yes, right at the mouth of Spring Canyon.23
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1KT: Did you ever work in the mines?JD: No.KT: You didn't?JD: No, no.KT: Always been a dentist?JD: My dad he said he worked long enough for all of us. CT: He didn't like it too good, did he?JD: Well, it wasn't so much that, he didn't want usanywhere near it. In fact, I wanted to go work in a mine one time and he said, "If you do I'll break your neck."KT: Did he say the working conditions were poor? JD: Huh?KT: Were the working conditions really bad?JD: They were a lot worse than they are now.KT: Is that the school, that one picture there? JD: That's the old Helper Central School.KT: Did you go to school there?JD: Y es.KT: What did you learn, what subjects?JD: Here's Mr. and Mrs. Barboglio, Father Joe Giovannoni. KT: Is it?JD: Right here.KT: Father who is it?JD: Joe Giovannoni.24
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1KT: Joe Giovannoni.JD: There's Mr. and Mrs. Barboglio.KT: Oh, is it? I should write this down because we'retrying to identify some of the people in thesebecause we don't know who they are.JD: Joe Giovannoni, can you spell it?KT: No.JD: G--oh shoot, I can write it better than I can spellit probably. [Break]KT: I'll ask a few more questions. When your parentsfirst came to America did they have a hard timeunderstanding America's politics and government?JD: Yes, sure they didn't know about anything about whatwas going on. They didn't know what was going on.KT: So what did they do, I mean just--?JD: Oh, I guess they just waited until they couldunderstand a little bit. Because my dad immediately started to get his citizenship papers, and one of the first things he did after he got here was apply for his citizenship papers.KT: What did he have to do for that?JD: Huh?KT: What did he have to do to get those?JD: Well, he didn't have to take much of an examination,but he didn't wait very long to apply for his 25
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1citizenship papers, I know that. I don't know, I think he's still got his original citizenship paper.KT: Do you?JD: I haven't got it here, it's down in my sister's placeI guess.KT: Well, do you recall--we've talked to a couple ofpeople, you know, Italian people, and at least one of them mentioned that they thought that there was sort of like a Mafia here.JD: There was at one time, there was a gang called Black Hands, that's what they called the Mafia here, Black Hand.KT: What did they do?JD: Well, they didn't do much. They killed a couple ofpeople around here, I know that. In fact, down that, Ruggeries down there, they found one guy in a ditch next to the side of the road. Well, I guess he had been there for--yes, that was--they were around.KT: Well, what made them form this?JD: Huh?KT: What made them form into the Mafia or the Black Hand? JD: Oh, I don't know. You know, you don't know what madepeople go that way. They threatened several peoplearound the town.CT: Did they ever carry out any of their threats, besides26
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1those two murders, killings?JD: No, not that I know of, because it was a small community and it was pretty rough for something like that to get started. There is no place to hide for one thing, oh, not exactly hide, but there is not enough of them that could get together and do anything.KT: Well, what about--at the other extreme is the people, you know the prejudiced people. Was there every any Ku Klux Klan?JD: Yes, they would try to organize here, and they used to burn those crosses up on the hills and they tried to get organized here, but that didn't last too long either.KT: Did they ever harm anybody or anything like that?JD: Not that I know of here, mostly threats and stuff like that. In fact, they wanted to--of course, just like I say, it was pretty hard, the place is really too small for something like that to begin with inthat black gang--what do you call them?MJD: The Ku Klux Klan.JD: Ku Klux Klan. And they were just a few individualsand nobody wanted to have much to do with them. So they used to burn a cross every now and then up on the hill up there in Helper. They had a hard time27
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1starting much around here, I'll tell you that, because they were much in the minority, they were really much of a minority. People didn't go much for that kind of stuff.KT: Do you remember any of the early leaders like the bosses or the religious leaders in Helper, you know, in the mines, or you know, political leaders.JD: Well, there were big leaders as far as the city was concerned, I can remember those quite well. There was Joe Barboglio and Jay Tom Fitch, he owned that apartment right down there where the theatre is now over where all that belonged to. In fact he owned this whole part of town, Tom Fitch. I don't know where in the heck he come from originally, I never did know, and he was quite a dignified old man, he worked, you know. I think Tom Fitch was the first-- not the first mayor, he was the first town president before they had the mayors. Before Helper became a city they called Tom as the town president and he was the first one I know of. Joe Barboglio was the first mayor I guess. [Break]KT: When we were at the University of Utah and talking to Dr. [Floyd A.] O'Neil he was a man that praised your father to high heaven, I'll tell you. He liked him.JD: Well, he was--my dad was kind of one of the old 28
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1citizens around you know, and he was an business man, he was very well-liked, my father was a real fine fellow. Every time I meet one of the old-timers he tells me some story about how he could remember when my dad helped him for one thing or another and he was pretty well-liked.KT: Do you remember any of these stories maybe about him that you could--some things that he did that he was noted for really?JD: Well, I remember one of the first stories, a real story was, did you know that during the strike in Castle Gate, that's when they--what the heck do they call them? Remember that old strike leader, Mother Jones?KT: Oh yes, Jones.JD: Mother Jones was scheduled to speak here up to theminers, and they found that she was going to come here you see. So they were going to quarantine her, they build this shack over there to quarantine her, and my dad and a fellow by the name of Angelo Palotti walked from over the mountain over there and came down up there with a couple of cans of kerosene and stuff and they set the damn thing on fire. They went, they crossed there and went over the hill and into Spring Glen, and then they walked back up this way,29
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1 you see.KT: And they didn't know who did it?JD: No, they never did find out.KT: Oh wow, she wasn't in there when they did it?JD: No, nobody was in there.KT: They burned it before she came?JD: Yes, they grabbed her off the train and took her downto Bottino's place and they quarantined her in there and had her in quarantine while the áminers went down to get her. They got her out and she made her speech up at Heiner in what they call the Halfway House, and that's where the miners all had their tents and everything after they got chased out of Castle Gate.KT: So he played a pretty good part in the labor strikes? JD: Well, of course he was a--whether he was a miner or not he always sided with the miners because he wasfor the working man, and that's all there was to it. Yes, he was for the working man. He wasn't working at the mine at the time either. When he went home and burnt that, he was already out of the mines, he quit. The last day he was in the mine, I don't know whether he--he got in a row with the mine foreman. The mine foreman came in and he said, "You go this way." My Dad said, "No, I'11 go this way." He said, "You go this way." He said, "No, I'11 go this way." He said,30
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1"He wanted me to work a day or two for nothing in akind of a cave-in you see. " At this one spot it was all rock and my dad said, "No. When I got cars you put the cars in here and I'll load coal. You put another car in here and I'll load that stuff out and get it out of there." He wanted, Dad said, "He wanted me to work two days for nothing." He said, "We were only making a couple of dollars a day at the most, " and he said, "I wouldn't mind doing it," but he said, "I wasn't going to spend all of my time cleaning this place up you see." Finally he said, "You go this way." My dad said, "No, I'll go this way." He said, "All right you, tell the drivers to go in and get my tools and I'11 go." And that's the last time he worked in the mine. He wanted him to clean up for this rock and dirt and everything and Dad said it wouldn't have been so bad, but he said, "I wasn't going to spend all my time there when I could have went this way and got the coal that was down that I could load and still make wages, and he wanted me to go that way and spend probably a couple of dayscleaning up for nothing, see."KT: Did they pay him in script?JD: No, at that time--r don't know when the script wasstarted, honey. I think that was later, but they 31
 DR. JOESEPH DALP AIZ # 1didn't--hell, they made, my dad said the biggest paycheck he ever drew was $75.KT: For how long?JD: It was one month.KT: A month, $75? Wow!JD: Of course, wages weren't like they are now.KT: No, obviously.JD: Hell, now they get $35 a day or something and theydon't do anything after they get there.KT: How about the prices of the food and stuff, werethey--?JD: Well, they were low naturally. Eggs were about tencents a dozen. KT: Good old days.JD: Huh?KT: The good old days.JD: Well, that's what made it. You can't raise wageswithout the price of the other stuff going up, that's just as simple as- -that's what I can't understand . They maybe can pay you $35 and they are worrying like hell to pay $10.00 for a pair of shoes. Well, God, they were making $2.00 a day and the shoes were $2.00, so there was no difference. The trouble is, you know, in this country we've come to the point where I think it's gone overboard, too much the other32
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1way. I don't mind seeing them get $35 a day, but they've got to realize that they are not going to get$35 a day and not pay something for it either. If they get $35 a day they shouldn't complain about prices. They want the stuff for nothing and they want the high wages. Well, it's not going to happen. It never has yet and it never will. It's just a simple law of economics, that's all. You are going to have to pay what you get, and that's it. Now it's like anything else you see, they holler about prices of this and prices of that. Well hell, God, now you can work a month and damn near buy a house. What they used to pay for a house you could make it now. What they used to pay for a house you could work a month and you could pay for it now, what they used to pay for a houses. There weren't very good houses or anything else, but you could buy a house for $600 to $700 when they didn't have the wages. Now, you can work a month and buy a house at the wages they had then.KT: You know, there were a lot of different nationalities and things in Carbon County, especially like Italian, Greek, Austrian, and all of this. How do you think they got acquainted with each other better?JD: Well, as far as the Italians that I know--you know 33
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1even in Italy there is a certain, there is a North and South Italian. One comes from one province and one from another. Well, in Castle Gate all you get was from the Southern province and had little sections of their own. That was for their own welfare. Now the South Italians lived in one place and North Italians in another and they got together kind of a--they were segregated among themselves as far as that goes, and finally they just blew out ofKT:JD:KT:JD:KT:JD:that too.Could it have been maybe through these celebrations and things they have?Well, that helped, but they used to get together all the time.When they got together did the Italians like have any special songs or dances that they ever did, do you remember?Well, that part I didn't--they didn't have so much of that. No, they didn't have much of that.What did they mostly do? What did they do then at the celebrations?Well, there was a few nationalities out there singing their songs and that, but most of them were just get- togethers.KT : Was t h e r e a n y t h i n ge s p e c i a l l y d i f f e r e n tabout34
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1holidays like Christmas or Easter among the Italians?JD: No, there wasn't much.KT: There wasn't anything? Did your parents celebrate thefeast of St. John or St. Anthony?JD: Not my parents. Around here, as far as here the onlything as far as the Catholic Church, is the two missionaries coming down once in a while. The first Catholic Priest that was in Carbon County that stayed a while was Father Joe Giovannoni. Of course there were others that had been here, but they were more going through. I remember the first time I went to Catholic Church, a fellow here came, his name wasFather Handley was his name, and he was down here. Of course they had that little church built up on the hill going up there to burn down, and then the negroes he got it and built it.KT: The white one up around here?JD: Yes. Well, that was red brick at one time. Of coursewe went there and Mother wanted us to go to church. Well, we got tired and he was an ignorant kind of a priest anyway.MJD: Is that ---?---?JD: Well he was. He called us "little jackasses" andstuff like that. He was a--so finally I went about a week and started studying catechisms and all this. I35
 DR. JOESEPH DALPAIZ #1went about a week, two weeks, I don't know, it wasn't very long. Then finally my brother just joined me, and he come a long ways and says, "I'm not going anymore and nobody's--"[END OF T APE]36