 CLARK L. LLSONVOLUME 1
 CLARK L . WILSON Salt Lake City, UtahAn.-: Interview ByDr. Gregory Thompson and Dr. Floyd O'NeilEverett L. Cooley Oral History Project Tape No. U-656 through U-670 Interviews #1 through #12August 5, 1986 through April 28, 1987V olume 1Interviews #1 through #5August 5, 1986 through August 26, 1986Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
      THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAHUNIVERSITY LI BRARIESMARRIOTI LIBRARYSALT LAKE CITY. UTAH 84112EVERETT L. COOLEY ORAL HISTORY COLLECTIONDateAugust 5, 7, 14, 21, 26, 1986;We willingly contribute our testimony recorded on Apri l 14. 15, 16, 21, 22, 27, 28,198719__ to the Library of the University of Utah to be used for scholarly purposes.        and usable after our review. ________ Usable with the following restrictions:
 Table of ContentsAugust 5, 1986Personal and Family History . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 Early Mining Years . . . 38 Education Background . 44 August 7, 8, 1986The Utah Mining Years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84 August 14, 21, 26, 1986 MiningintheFortiesandFifties. . . . . . . . . . 190 Washington D.C. Post ................. 209 April 14 -     1987Anaconda's Utah Operation . . . . • . 306Park City V entures' Ski Operation 350 April 21, 22, 27 1987Tintic Mining District . • . 390 Bingham and Carr Fork Mining District . . . . . . . . 459 April 28, 1987ParkCityMiningDistrict.............. 488
    FOLLOWING I S A T APEC I T Y , UTAH ON AUGUSTMARRIOTT LIBRARY ANDCENTER ARE INTERVIEWINGWILL BE V ARIOUS, AND THIS I S TAPE RECORDING NUMBER ONE.RECORDED INTER VIEW DONE I N SAL T LAKE5 , DR.1 9 8 6 . DR. GREGORY THOMPSON OF THE FLOYD O ' N E I L OF THE AMERICAN WEST MR. CLARK L . WILSON. THE SUBJECTS[ T H I S I S P ART OF THE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT . TAPE #1][INSERT]R. C. Wilson attended the Colorado School of Mines at Golden, Colorado. He became associated in those early days with Wood Investment Company, Victor, Colorado 1905-06 and Golden Cycle Mining Company, Cripple Creek, 1906-Aug. 20, 1917. He served as a mine clerk, ore agent and manager and assistant cashier of the Cripple Creek State Bank and mill ore agent.FO: Mr. Wilson, where were you born? cw: Cripple Creek, Colorado.FO: And when?CW: June 21, 1914.FO: What in your background, in your parents' background, led you to such an interesting spot to be born as Cripple Creek?CW: Well, my father attended Colorado School of Mines for two years, and then moved to Cripple Creek to go to work. His work was with a company that owned some mining properties and would lease those out to individuals who where called leasers.FO: Yes.CW: I suppose on some regular schedule, perhaps every twoweeks or every month, he would go in and check out what the leaser had done in the way of maybe driving a horizontal opening which we call a drift or vertical opening which we call a raise or more
      CLARK L. WILSON #1probably mining ore that was then shipped to a sampling mill so they could determine what were the contents and what was the value. In essence, he was representing the owner of the property who would geta percentage of the returns. As time went along apparently the owner of that leasing outfit bought a bank, which was in a part of the office area where they operated. Somehow or other, Dad got involved in working in the bank. I was born in 1914, and as the War began to phase down, my dad told me he could see that the mining district was also going to phase down because, after all, it was a gold property. That wasgreat during war time, but didn't have all that much interest as far as commercial mining when the War was over. He made a trip over to Salt Lake and went down to see the Armstrong family, who then owned the National Copper Bank.FO: Yes.CW: The bank was in that famous old Newhouse Building onthe southeast corner of Exchange Place and Main Street. The companion building was the Boston Building immediately across to the north. Apparently he told the Armstrongs his story and said he'd like a job in the bank. Well, they didn't have anything available there, but they offered him a job up in2
 CLARK L. WILSON #1 Park City, Utah.FO: Yes.CW: He told me that he said, "Look, I was leaving oneFO:CW:FO:CW:mining camp because I figured that the mining economy [laugh] wasn't that strong, so I wasn't interested in going back to one right then." He went across the street to Second South and Main and talked to "old" J.E. Cosgriff, who owned the Continental National Bank. I guess he had started the bank. J.E. had a little bank up in St. Anthony, Idaho called the Commercial National Bank. He needed, I guess you might call him a cashier, who would be the man who managed the bank. So, Dad put us on a train in Denver, and we went up to St. Anthony, Idaho in 1917. Before we go further, I'd like to go back and ask you if you know the name of the company that your fatherworked for in Cripple Creek?Now, I can look that up. I have some records on that.(Golden Cycle Mining Company, 1906-August 20, 1917. See exhibits. )I see. I want to stay with Cripple Creek for just a moment. You were too young to have memories of Cripple Creek itself.The only one thing that I can remember occurred was the fellas were packing up to leave. Of course I3
 CLARK L. WILSON #1can't remember that procedure. But I do remember the folks had a bonfire out in the front yard, and every once in a while they'd walk out and throw something in to burn. And so I proceeded to take a knob off the china closet and went out and threw that in the fire; now I do remember that. In fact, it is my "first memory." [laugh] Of course the folks also reminded me of it because they never got another knob for the[laugh] china closet. I don't remember the train trip from Denver. We had to go by train from Cripple Creek to Denver, and from Denver to Idaho, but I don't remember any of that. When we arrived in st. Anthony,we had to wait a little while to get into a house. There was a hotel called the Riverside Hotel. The Snake River ran right through town, right by the hotel and bank. I don't really remember staying in the hotel, but one night we were walking up Main Street--my folks and I guess my sister and I, my sister was older--and they were burning the Kaiser in effigy. I remember that. I also remember that some teller from the bank was walking with us and saidsomething like darn or gosh. I told him--! can remember doing this--three years old--that if he was going to use words like that, he couldn't walk with us. [laugh] You can imagine how strict things were in4
 CLARK L. WILSON #1my family. (laughter] The next thing I remember we were living in this house.Sure.I could still drive to the house, and the interesting thing was that we still had the old "chic sale"FO: CW:FO:CW: FO: CW: FO: CW:outhouse in the back yard. But before we moved in, they put a flush-toilet in a closet. Of course there was a cesspool outside. As long as we lived there, which was quite a few years, the old "chic sale" sat out there, except on Halloween when it got pushed and tipped over. (laughter]Of course. Let's go back once again, if I_may. I want to know your father's name.It was Raymond Clark Wilson.And where was he from?Well, he was born in Denver, Colorado.Do you know why the family was there?Well, I really don't know how they got there, but my grandfather was an engineer on the D&RG Railroad through the Royal Gorge. The family lived in Pueblo, Colorado. And incidently, my dad developed a real love for railroads, and I guess I inherited some of that too. There was never any history written of why they moved there. Although, I think there might be inmy records some work that some relative did about5
     CLARK L . WILSON # 1tracing it back to people from the South. I can remember my grandmother on his side was a great personality.FO: Do you remember her name?CW: No, but I can chase that down.FO: CW:[INSERT]RAYMOND C . WILSONBorn--Nov. 26, 1884, Denver, CO Died--March 24, 1967, SLCFather--Marion Galligher Wilson Born--Aug. 29, 1855, Lancaster, Ohio Died--May 23, 1907, Elkton, coMother--Mary Elizabeth Chamberlin Born--Nov. 11, 1861, Memphis, Tenn. Died--July 7, 1947, Bremerton, WA[END OF I N S E R T ]Fine.She was sort of a loquacious Southern gal, a lovely type of woman, compared to my mother's Swedish mother, who was just the toughest old gal you ever saw. [laugh] So somehow or other they decided to get to Pueblo, and that's where he grew up.I see.What was your mother's name?Emma Josephine Ridel.[INSERT]EMMA JOSEPHINE RIDELL ERICSON(Name "Ericson" used after her mother's secondmarriage but not legally taken.)FO: GT: CW:6
    CLARK L . WILSON # 1FO: CW: FO: cw: FO: CW:Born--Oct. 16, 1886, Loomis, Nebraska Died--Aug. 7, 1968, Salt Lake CityMother--Carrie Elizabeth Kiang Born--April 28, 1851, SwedenFather--Andrew Peter Ridell Born--Sweden[END INSERT] Where was she from?Well, she was born in Loomis, Nebraska. Yes.Her family immigrated from sweden.Yes.Her grandfather was a miller over in Sweden. Apparently they set up the same type of business in Nebraska. Somehow or other the family went from there down to Cripple Creek, Colorado where she finished high school in 1905. She attended college at Boulder. In those days you went two years. It was a "normal" school. You had all the education you needed to be a teacher. She went back to Cripple Creek as a teacher and met Dad. So that's where they were married.That's very interesting. It's unusual that your mother would have gone to C.U. at that time. That would have been 1906 and 1907.Well, I really don't know the story of how the family got down to Denver. Her father ended up in CrippleGT:CW:7
 CLARK L. WILSON #1Creek as a mine hoist engineer. I never quizzed her on the timing, but it could very well have been that they moved to Cripple Creek so he'd have this job. And being that close to C.U., I suppose that she and her half sister both went to c.u. at the same time. Were both of her parents Swedish?Oh yes.They were both immigrants?That's right.And do you know from which portion of Sweden theyFO:CW: FO: CW: FO:CW:FO: CW:FO: CW:FO: CW:came?Well, I understand it was from Gotenborg, so I 'mreally a goat herder I guess.Do you remember all four of your grandparents?No. My father's father died before I ever realized I had grandparents. Let's see. I guess I knew both of Mother's parents who were living in Denver, Colorado. Yes.I'm sure I did, because I can remember visiting Mother's folks in Denver when I was about five or six years old.I see. But they did not live into your adulthood?Oh no. This Grandma Erickson--she was a tough old gal. One of those ramrod, straight old gals--the grey long dresses that did nothing for anybody. [laughJ8
 CLARK L. WILSON #1One of my aunts was a little older than Mother and lived in Denver. She'd get Grandma settled in one of these nice rest homes. Once in a while Mother would go over there and visit her. All of a sudden she'd get a call from one of her sisters who'd say,"Mother's down in California." She'd just get on a train and go. Where she got her money, I never knew. But she'd end up down in California. So one of them would go chase her down and get her back over to Denver. [laughter] She wasn't the friendly type. She was just a cold Swedish lady. The other one on Dad'sside was the old Southern nice, sunshiny, smilelygal. She was fun to be around.FO: I see. Do you know what, besides working as a hoistengineer, he did in his life?CW: That's all I know. He could have been a farmer inNebraska.FO: That's all you know of him.CW: Unfortunately, there is no family history on thatside of the family. We were Presbyterians and didn't go into all this stuff that's happening around here.[laughter] I'll say one thing though, in freshman English at the U. of U. one quarter we had to write an autobiography and another quarter a biography. I can remember saying to Mother, "Who in the heck am I9
     CLARK L. WILSON #1going to write about?" And she said, "Well, let's write about your old great-grandfather, whatever he was, Klang, who came over from Sweden--who was a miller." And I said, "Well, what do you know about him?" And she said, "Well, not very much." So I can remember that she'd tell me a little something, soGT: CW: GT: CW:FO:CW: FO: CW:I'd write it down and go to school. In a day or two I'd come back and I'd say, "Well, what else do you know?" [laugh] And to this day I'm not sure whether she knew or whether she made it up, [laughter] but anyway we got a biography.Biography out of him. Do you still have it? Unfortunately, no.I see.As I recall, I wrote my biography the other quarter, and of course I did that sort of in a humorous style. But I'll get you a copy of that. [laughter]Humor pieces always seem to endure, don't they. Yourfather moved to the Cosgriff Bank in St. Anthony. From what I know about St. Anthony, in 1917 it was pretty largely a Mormon farming village, right? That's right. Let me see. There were two ward houses. Yes.There was one Catholic church and one Community Church.10
 CLARK L. WILSON #1FO: Yes.CW: We went to the Community church.FO: The Community church was a sort of the conglomerationof protestants. CW: Right.FO: In that town what was your father's general experience there as a business man in a predominantly Mormon town?CW: Well, I don't remember any problems from the fact that Mormonism was predominant. Of course we were young kids, and it didn't mean anything to us. I don't know that it did to him; at least he never mentioned it to me. I think there were two banks. But the Cosgriff Bank had strong backing. These were the days of the big wheat boom and he had a lot of loans on wheat. One of the things I can remember is sometimes when I wasn't in school and the wheat was coming to head, he would make a trip out into the neighboring areas there and drop in to see the farmer and check out if the loan money did go into the wheat and to check on the security of the loan. I didn't realize what he was doing except it was an interesting trip. I remember particularly when they were having the threshing harvest going on. There was a family who were probably German immigrants and were11
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1nice folks and a "little elderly"--probably much younger than I am now, but I thought they were pretty old. And of course in those days they had this old steam tractor that pulled and powered the threshing machine, and the crews followed with it. So whoever was having their wheat threshed, had to furnish theGT:CW:food, at least during the day. Mother would go out and help this old gal cook. Once in a while they 1 d take me. I was pretty young to be running around the farm, but they'd watch me. One thing I learned from my dad was when we would go out, and they 1 d be threshing, he'd put his hand down there and grab some wheat and put a few grains in and chew it. I1d do that and I thought it was pretty big stuff, you know. They'd let me ride the hayrack and things like that.Then on the way home there was a little sub- settlement called Parker. Dad would      and get me a chocolate ice cream soda, and that made the day.[laughter] It was really interesting.Do you recall how well accepted you were as children? Did you mingle well with them?I don't remember any bias whatsoever.[INSERT]There was one exception to that answer. One of my good friends attended another church building. He said his church was better than mine. It probably was12
     CLARK L. WILSON #1an LOS ward house but I knew nothing about theology. It was just "another church" and I knew that mine was better. We proceeded to have a fist fight as part of the argument. A day was set to settle the argument. We each chose friends to be on our side and one day after school met for the big fight. The "friends" watched while we poked each other. It didn't amount to much and I don't recall who, if anyone, was the winner.[END I N S E R T ] How long did you live there?FO:CW: Let's see. We moved there in 1917, and we came downhere in 1924.FO: So you were there seven years. By the time you gotdown here, you were ten years old. CW: Right.FO: You moved from there to Salt Lake City.CW: Right.FO: Now, what did your father engage in as a professionwhen he got here?cw: The interesting thing was that this Armstrong familyof the National Copper Bank, Salt Lake City, had a cabin up at the Flat Rock Club on the North Fork of the Snake River. Once in a while when Sherm Armstrong, the son, would be coming through in the summer to go up there, he'd stop in and say hello to Dad. On one of those visits he said, "Ray, why don't you get your kids out of this little 'broken down Mormon community'? Get them down to Salt Lake. Give13
 CLARK L. WILSON #1them an education." Dad replied, "Well, get me a job down there, and I will." And somehow or other he was offered a job at National Copper Bank. He came down here as--I suppose it was two grades below cashier(May 15, 1924). But as I recall, it wasn't very long, maybe a year or two, before he made cashier at National Copper. He was elected Assistant Cashier, January 1925; Cashier, January 1927; and Assistant V .P ., January 1928. He spent the rest of his career in banking that stemmed from that. At that time the W. W. Armstrong family controlled the National Copper Bank, and later on it was combined with Central Trust, which was the Charley and Fred Smith Bank(N.W. corner First South and Main). [INSERT]National Copper Bank opened June 10, 1910.Name changed to Security Nat'l. Bank, May 1, 1931.Charles L. Smith elected Pres. February 1931.Changed name to First Nat'l Bank of SLC on April 7, 1931, after taking over Deseret National Bank to keep i t from going broke.Consolidated with First Security (Marriner Eccles) as First South Branch on May 1, 1948.Security National absorbed Deseret National on February 15, 1932.RCW retired as an employee and officer January 22, 1955, remaining on Advisory Committee. Appointed Emeritus Member of Advisory Committee, Salt Lake Division, February 19, 1962.14
                     PORTRAITR il o1i' old'Few are the bank in alt Lake City with- out a vice president in charge of snatching new busine .They are good for the bank. And they are ale men for the state and city.·R. C. Wilson, senior vice president of the First Security Bank of Utah, • A., ha been the dean and pace-setter of this competitive group for many years.ani ing .to. Citytary-'Here is our new member'," Mr. WilsOJl ays."It was Mr. Armstrong's idea that I should olicit new business, making friends in the business community and trying to interest merchants in banking with National Copper,"he adds.That was a new concept in banking in thearea. .In the past, a bank did not         business,Mr. Wilson is the son of a Denver and RioGrande Western locomotive engineer. He was Mr. Wilson says, because: .born in Denver, ov. 26 1884.At age of 5, the Wilsons moved to Pueblo,Colo., where young Ray attended public schools. As a youth, he carried papers for the old Den- ver Republican.He quit during one high school term to work in a local bank as a messenger. But his mother :convinced him he hould have an education1. Someone might think the institution needed deposits to keep from going under.2. Or a prospective depositor might feel the bank was trying to gain his business only totake it over.. 3. In any event, the bank feared that if theygot the new business, the new customer might believe he had an "open sesame" to the vault. In short, there were many reasons given in those days by bankers for notbefore becoming a banker. -I Mr. Wilson completed high ,school at Pueblo and attendedone year of college at the1School of Mines at Golden.I He left college to go    work in the Cripple Creek mining district for the John T. Millikin interests. The 20-year-old Wil- !son worked in the mine offic-e,going after new customers.Most bankers let people.walk     ••1Iater became an ore buyer for · · the Golden Cycle mill.IIn the involvement of mining interests, the Millikin people obtained equities in two Colo- 1rado banks and Mr. Wilson went lto work as assistant cashier of the Cripple Creek State Bank.In 1917, he came to Salt Lake City on a vacation, ar:fiving herethe day the pre-World War I . draft went 1nto effect. /While visiting at the Conti- nental Bank and Trust Co., he was offered a job as a junior officer by the late James E. Cosgriff, who said the bank was losing men to the Army.But before Mr. Wilson re- t d.t S1 Lurne. o at _ake.City, Mr.Cosgnff asked bup mstead totake a post as           of the St. .J\nthony, Ida.,Ito walk more than a few paces down Main St. bank-a post he held from 1917 to 1924. without no.dding to this person and waving aIt was in 1924 that he moved to the Nati()nal lhand at that person. -  Copper Bank, now occupying the same spot in the N              as the Exchange Pl. branch of the First Secunty Bank of Utah, N.A.Mr. Wilson started out as head of the credit department. .But there was no doubt as to whyMr. Wilson has been close to the        . interests in Salt Lake' City and has played a key part in affairs of the New Park Mining Co• He serves as .a        of the Utah       Board _of Corrections, and ls    area leader In· R.C.Wilson...Startedbanhe was a decade ago. Yet, A (1'·. k host of friends still insist on \JI · 1. W. W. Armstrong president of the institutionhired him. ' ' .Masomc work and a past pres1dent of the Utah"Mr. Armstrong was an aggressive banker1Bankers Assn. . ' ·and he was out to build National Copper into 1, One of the outstanding jobs he has held ;Ia. growing institution," says Mr. Wilson. is that   president of the National Association.As such, the bank executive through and.    <?redlt Men            He treasures the asso.with Mr. Wilson's co-operation, changed some elatiOns he has made In that group. ·•of the thinking in bank circles in Utah. But the "task" he lias enjoyed most, he says, 11 "The first day I went to work for the bank, is the 10 years of work with Future Farmers 3alt Lake .and "''4-H'ers" in the Intermountain -Junior Fat the secre- 1Stock Show, held annually at North Salt fAke.J118UNEin the front door with hat in hand, seeking a loan.Ray Wilson was a startling success at his new job. He rose within a few years to vice president of the National Cop. per Bank. And he rose quickly, as well, as a community and civic leader.\'\ 11In 1929, the Eccles and Brown- ing interests of Ogden obtained control of the"" National Copper Bank, changing the name to J the Security National Bank. Later mergers· of Salt Lake banks led ultimately (in 1948)'to establishment in name of theFirst Security Bank of Utah. Mr. Wilson was named A sen· ior vice president of this bank·ing group.He is not as active now inscrambling for new business ascareer in Cripple Creek. doingbusinesswithRayWilson. It is nearly impossible for him=s11
     CLARK L . WILSON # 1Newspaper A rticleBUSINESS PORTRAIT: Ray Wilson 'Sold' Banking to City15
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1Security National absorbed Deseret National onFebruary 15, 1932.RCW retired as an employee and officer January 22, 1955, remaining on Advisory Committee. Appointed Emeritus Member of Advisory Committee, Salt Lake Division, February 19, 1962.[END INSERT][INSERT]RAYMOND CLARK WILSONGraduate - Central High School, June 1904My four years at Central High were spent under the administration of Mr. J. F. Keating, Superintendent and Miss Izora Scott and Mr. Barrett, Principals; Miss Scott, a real disciplinarian and wonderful personal advisor; Mr. Barrett, a great teacher. The teachers I still remember are Miss Hereford, German; Mr. Jones, physics and chemistry; Miss Williams, Latin; Mr. Fonda, mathematics.I believe the most thrilling event of the four years occurred February 19, 1904, when I was awarded the first Dr. R. W. Corwin Gold Medal for Public Speaking. This medal, together with the copy of the oration and various high school programs, class pins, and so forth, are kept in my personal archives.The year after I graduated I spent one year at the Colorado School of Mines, then on the Cripple Creek with the Golden Cycle Company from 1907 to 1917. In 1909 married my life companion, Miss Emma Ericson, a school teacher. Family: Ruth Marian Wilson, Director of Women's Physical Education Department, University of Washington, Seattle; Clark L. Wilson, geologist, Vice President and Manager of Mines, New Park Mining Company, New York City; Howard G. Wilson, Fairbanks-Morse & Company, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; three grandchildren.In 1917 emigrated to Idaho and engaged in banking business. In 1924 moved to Salt Lake City with the National Copper Bank and have been with that institution and its successors to the present time.Affiliations:16
     CLARK L . WILSON # 1Senior Vice President, First Security Bank of Utah, N.A. President, National Association of Credit Men, 1941-1942. Potentate, El Kalah Temple A.N.N.O.M.S., Salt Lake City, 1950.President, Utah Bankers Association, 1950, 1951. Thirty-third Degree Scottish Rite Masons, 1950.Honorary member Utah 4-H Club and Future Farmers of America.Many other civic activities during the years.(If any of the class of 1904 read these comments, I shall be very pleased to hear from them.)[END INSERT]FO: Yes.CW: I guess it was May 1, 1948, that Marriner Ecclespicked up the First National Bank and started one ofthe first banking chains in the country. FO: Yeah.GT: So it was absorbed into the First Security system.CW: That's right. I'd say that the Salt Lake bank plus the Ogden bank was really the nucleus of all theFirst Security system.GT: Name for us the Armstrongs that you are talkingabout, Mr. Wilson. Who would be the individual that came through and suggested to your father to move? Do you recall?CW: It was Sherm Armstrong. W. W. was the father and president of the bank.17
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1FO: Now, was this the Armstrong family that furnished oneof the mayors of Salt Lake?CW: That I don't know.GT: I think it may be, Floyd.FO: It may be. Probably not the same group. Aninteresting family. Did your father live long enoughto be a part of the First Security Bank system?CW: Yes, "our friend" Marriner picked up the Deseret National Bank (May 1, 1948) to keep the savings bank from going broke. They were operating both the Post Office place and the First South banks. They moved Dad up there. In fact Smith, Charlie Smith, went up there, and there was another Coloradan, Stuart Cosgriff, who was an officer of the Exchange Place bank that went up there. So there where the Smithsand of course eventually Marriner after he came back from the Federal Reserve in Washington was on the second floor there above the lobby. In fact, originally the lobby was a big high lobby, about two stories. He cut that in half, and that part of the second floor over the lobby is where Marriner built his "Federal Reserve Office" replica in Salt Lake City. It's a duplicate of his Washington, D.C. office. And I guess he even brought the furniture from there. Dad continued to have a desk in18
    CLARK L . WILSON # 1Marriner's outer office during the days of retirement. He was "Mr. Personality" of the bankersin Salt Lake, and I don't say that myself. I'm saying what people have told me, and I realized it. As an active banker, Dad used to always sit in the southwest corner of the main lobby. Of course Smith sat there as long as he was there. Dad was the "kind of a guy" when somebody came in the front door who was a customer and Dad was looking around, and the guy would wave, Dad would wave, and he'd get up and come out and shake hands with him. He was a nice banker. In fact, you may know Belle MacVichie Oswald,widow of Mickey Oswald who was a great coach at EastHigh school. FO: Yes.CW: Belle was "Old" Duncan MacVichie's daughter who you will hear about as we get into the mining business. She was telling me not long ago, "You know, it was always nice to walk into that bank because if your dad happened to be looking and saw me, he'd wave, and he'd get up and walk out, shake my hand, want to know how everything was." That's the kind of guy he was. And of course, he could be tough. I won't mention the name, but you may recall Hibbs, a men's furnishings store on Main Street. The fellow who had it died not19
    CLARK L. WILSON #1too long ago. He told me this story. He said, "One day I walked into the bank and Ray waved and said,'Come on over.' So I wandered over and he says, 'How are things going?' 'Fine.' My dad said, 'Say, I understand that you are playing a little poker.' According to my friend, 'That's all that was said.' I got the message. If you play poker, your loan is going to be called.'" [laughter] So he could betough, but he could do it in a nice way. [laughter] GT: Well, that's certainly exerting enough influence,isn't it?CW: And he exerted a little influence on me once in aFO:CW:FO:CW:while with a switch.A more direct technique. In the 1920s when he changed banks, the banking world wasn't the happiest place in all the world in 1923. Had the st. Anthony Bank begun to show some stress of the farming depression?I really don't know that, but I would suppose that might have been one of the reasons Dad wanted to get to something a little more solid.The basis for banking was far more diversified here than in St. Anthony where it was pretty much tied to wheat, potato, and sugar beet production.I suppose too, that he wanted to get into an institution that was different than the Cosgriff type20
    CLARK L. WILSON #1affair--something where he could move up the ladder. He didn't have much chance there at Continental. I had an older sister and by then a younger brother, and he did want to get us down to a big town.FO: Historically, we know Cosgriff as a man of rather remarkable integrity. Did your father, that you know of, have any difficulties at all in the Cosgriff organization?CW: I don't remember any. My dad, though, was the kind that never brought his troubles home. In fact, during the Depression when I was in high school here, we never really realized there was a depression. We never lived very salubrious, you know. Mother couldFO:CW:FO:send me down for twenty-five cents worth of round steak at Duffin's Store (Ninth South & Eleventh East) and feed five people in more ways than anybody I've ever known. And I s till like meat loaf and hamburgers.Sure.So all I can say is that there are a lot of things that went on at the bank, I'm sure, that we never had any inkling.Into which neighborhood did you move when you moved to Salt Lake from St. Anthony?21
 CLARK L. WILSON #1CW: It was Eighth South and Twelfth East, right on thesouthwest corner, right off of the campus of East High. The campus of East High was just a dirt field. Eighth South west of Twelfth East was a great sled hill, you know. In those days (laughter] there wasnot much traffic down that hill, or along Eleventh East. We could slide clear down to Ninth East going down there. It was a great place for kids to grow up.FO: And across the street from the high school.CW: Yes. We would go over there and Dad instructed us tobaseball.GT: Tell us the names of your brother and sister.CW: My older sister is Ruth Marian Wilson. She nevermarried. She is about three years older, and she graduated from the U. of u. in 1931. She was a phys. ed. major, went back to the University of Wisconsin to get her master's. From there, she went to the University of Washington in their phys. ed. department. After about ten or twelve years she became the head of it. A gal that went to school with her at Wisconsin--she was from back East--also went to Washington. Those two gals had an apartment and still do. Ruth ended up as the department head. This other gal was one of the top professors. They finally decided to retire, and moved down to California. They22
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1now live in a Presbyterian type retirement apartment complex in Irvine.FO: I see.CW: And she had quite a career of her own. Got herFO:master's.V ery independent. Oh yes.CW:FO:CW: No, I have a younger brother Howard G. Wilson whoGT:lives in Oklahoma City. He was born in st. Anthony. The day he graduated from the university--he went through the ROTC at the U. of U. along with a business course--and one minute he got his          and the next minute he was a Second Lieutenant in the artillery. [laugh] He went down to Camp Roberts and ended up over at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. They'd go up to Oklahoma City on weekends to tea dances. A friend of his who he knew pretty well said one Sunday they went up to the city to a tea dance. They were "sizing up the crowd" and Howard said, "I want to dance with that girl." That's the gal he married. He left her pregnant. He was over in Europe when he found out he had a twin boy and girl.I don't suppose he saw them until they were about three years old or something.Is that your only sibling?23
 CLARK L. WILSON #1CW: And incidently, he and his wife are going to meet usin Denver in about a month, and we're going to ridethe train over to Salt Lake.FO: You described the banking procedures as quiteCW:different then than the computerized world we live in. Do you know whether or not your father got a lot of satisfaction out of that career?I'm sure he did, because he sort of became "Mr. P.R." for the banks that he was involved in. For instance, he was a member from the bank for the National Credit Men's Association here in town. He moved up through the offices and eventually became the president of the national organization.Sure.And through that he got to know many people all over the United States. A fellow by the name of Henry Hyman in those days was the executive secretary--one of these extroverts who was a nice guy. Once in along while when I'd go back East and Henry was still alive, he was one of those contacts that I always made because no matter what I wanted to do, he was the guy that could help. Another one that I remember at Irving Trust Company, New York City, that was one of the First Security corresponding banks. There was a certain vice-president there who was also a niceFO: CW:24
 CLARK L. WILSON #1guy. Anytime we were in New York we always dropped in to see him. V irginia and I would say, "We' 11 come around noon." (At his suggestion.) He would take us upstairs to a fancy restaurant on the roof so wecould see everything at the south end of Manhattan. Dad had a national stature, not only through the banking but through the Credit Men's Association. Here locally he was always involved in the Chamber of Commerce, and he got involved in the livestock end of the business.FO: Which was big in those years.CW: Oh yes. Through the Chamber of Commerce, they fundedthe purchase of a young bull who was a sire of Advance Domino, who was a great strain. This bull was given to the Utah State Agricultural College. I can remember when this happened. It was in the days of the good old Newhouse Hotel, and they had that crystal ballroom on the southeast corner. The deal was that Advance Domino was going to be presented to the college in that ballroom. Across the street to the south was a garage. They brought Advance Domino in there the day of an evening banquet, and they built a wooden ramp up to the big door on the south side of the hotel. And so old Advance Domino probably crapped right there in the silver-- [laugh]25
     CLARK L. WILSON #1FO: In the Crystal--CW: In the Crystal Ball Room. They sent the bull, ofcourse, up to Utah Aggies and he began to progenerate. One fall Dad decided to take my brother and myself and Mother down to see Bryce and Zion Canyon. On the way down, we stopped at Nephi to visit a big county fair rodeo. The highlight of it was that here was this cute little heifer, Annie Domino "one of the pups." What they would do is spread those out amongst the legitimate farms here in Utah, and I guess old Advance Domino really changed the blood lines you might say of that particular industry here in Utah. So Dad was very busy in that and other Chamber of Commerce activities. He was also a very active Mason and eventually ended up as the potentate of the Shrine. He was quite active in the erection ofthe Shrine Hospital on Wasatch Drive. FO: Yes.CW: Every Christmas he and Mother spent time up there with the Christmas parties for the youngsters. And I'm sure he gave all he could in financial support to help things like that.GT: Did your family establish themselves as Presbyterian then here?26
      CLARK L. WILSON #1CW: When we went to st. Anthony anybody who wasn'tCatholic or Mormon went to the Community church and the folks became involved. Dad would be Santa Claus at church. The interesting story that was told to me, I don't remember this, but Mother said this one particular time when Dad was Santa Claus--! suppose Ruth might have been seven and still believed in Santa Claus. In those days you still believed in Santa Claus in the first grade. So we went to this church Christmas party and when it was over, she said to Mother (I don't remember this but Mother told me),"Mother, Santa Claus had the same kind of shoes as my dadd¥." [laughter] So that was one of the many participations. But the interesting thing was that they needed a minister. And of course, a little church like that had a hard time supporting one, but Sugar City, just down the line needed one. So this fellow, Jesse Baird who was a young minister just out of school, would serve both churches. He'd come up to St. Anthony the first thing in the morning and then he'd go down to Sugar City. He was a big tall guy; must have been six-six, black hair, big frame and great voice. He was quite a guy. Somebody down in California needed a minister in a bad way and heard about Baird, so they took him down there. And then we27
 CLARK L. WILSON #1moved to Salt Lake. Dad became involved immediately with the First Presbyterian Church--The one on South Temple Street?Yes. He became an Elder, and he was superintendent of Sunday School. Mother taught Sunday School. We spent Sunday at the First Presbyterian Church. But the "old man" who had been minister for a good many years finally decided to retire. Dad was on the search committee. He suggested that they invite Jesse Baird up to do "his stuff." So he visited "our" church, and the upshot of it was that he became the minister. We lived on Gilmer Drive and Twelfth East, and they lived just above Fifteenth East on Yalecrest. They had three boys. The oldest one was about my age, then one was about the age of my brother, and then a younger one. So, Howard and I would go up there and play with them. Emigration Creek runs through that country. It was right in their back yard. So, we've dam that thing and play around in that dirty water and have a great time. Or they'd come down to our place on Gilmer Drive, which was a great place too. The Bairds had twin girls, born in Salt Lake, and Mother used to go up and help them, bathe them, take them out in the buggy, and all that sort of thing. So we were very close. Well, of course time marches on.FO: CW:28
   CLARK L. WILSON #1All three sons ended up in the ministry; all got their advanced degrees. About two years (1984) ago the First Presbyterian Church invited this youngFO:CW:FO:Baird boy, who turned out to be a grandson, to be the minister at First Presbyterian Church. [laugh] So thefamily lives on. Third generation.His grandfather's pulpit.That's right.One of the questions that's rather urgent in my mindis that your father was an associate of one the truly historic figures of twentieth century banking in the free world. Did you ever hear him give any evaluationof Marriner Eccles?Specifically, I really don't remember that.Do you know whether or not they got along well?Oh, they got along very well. It was--who was his younger brother?Spencer.He wasn't in the bank, though, was he?Don't remember.All I know is that there was some cohort of Marriner's who at one point was threatening Dad about something. One of the Ogdenites who--he wasn't an Eccles; he was probably married to an Eccles sister, heard about this. If I could see some of records, ICW: FO: CW:FO:CW: FO: CW:29
    CLARK L. WILSON #1could probably pick his name out. He straightened the Eccles crowd out and let them know that they weren't to touch my father, and if they did, why in effect they'd be in trouble. So I think Marriner probably was just so damn busy with all his hifalutin manipulations that he didn't know about these kind of personnel problems. It's my analysis anyway, that heFO:didn't get into them.I see. It is well known Marriner worked with the Democratic administration of Franklin Roosevelt as one of the real architects of the changes in banking. That was not exactly popular with his fellow bankersin Utah. Do you know how your father looked upon those reforms?Can't say that I do. He was in a situation where he had a family, and he had to raise them. I'm sure he had to play a little politics there, but I just don't know about that.I'm sure.He wasn't the kind of father to come horne and tell us any of his trouble.That has emerged. It was a tough time in the banks too.But you know, I didn't realize that. As I said before, we went through the depression and reallyCW:FO: CW:FO:CW:30
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1didn 1 t even realize it because we were living just like we'd always lived, very conservatively. It was very seldom that families bought a new car. Dadstarted out with a Model-T Ford and bought an Overland before we left St. Anthony. It had that sort of a dish thing out in front. I always wanted Dad to let me ride there while he drove around, but of course he wouldn't. [laugh] And later on he bought a Hudson Brougham with those old wooden wheels, you know. Oh, that was living! And later on he bought alittle Buick that he drove till he died. FO: Yes._CW: They were very conservative people. And he b u ilt up a trust that was very adequate for all their needs.GT: How do you think your father moved through the predominant community here in Salt Lake? Did you ever get a sense of that? Obviously he moved in a rather powerful position and exerted a good deal ofinfluence. He must have worked well with the Mormoncommunity--gotten along well with them.CW: Well, I can't remember that ever being a problem in any of his activities. For instance, they belonged to the Saturday Night Dance Club, which was a mixture of all kinds of people. Incidently, Virginia and Ibelong now. [laugh] So we inherited that I guess. 31
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1FO: The membership.GT: Is that the one through the Alta Club or--CW: Well, he belonged to the Alta Club, but there is norelationship to the Saturday Night Dance Club. Somebody invited us to go as their guests to the SNDC. If you like it and the next year, if there is a vacancy, they will invite you to become a member. Each couple pays a sum in advance that covers the cost of the bar, dinner, orchestra and space at a hotel (Utah for the past few years). The club meetssix or seven times per year. The club now meets at the Marriott.It's really quite a mixture of folks. They have a broad spectrum of business and society in SLC. There are more Protestants than Mormons.The only time that I can remember where Dad took after somebody because he was a Mormon involved a near accident. In the days when there were still streetcars here, the streetcar from First South along Thirteenth East stopped at Ninth South, then continued east to Fifteenth East.One night the folks had been out and were traveling home by streetcar. They were to get off at Ninth South and Thirteenth East. The tracks were in the middle of the street. The motorman stopped the32
    CLARKL . WILSON # 1streetcar and Mother stepped down. Some guy who lived, it turned out, in the block above us came zooming by, and if Dad hadn't pulled her back, she would probably have been killed. Dad got the license number and found out who it was and started some police action on the incident. Dad told me that the bishop from "the ward" came down and said, "Now look, he's a nice guy, you know. He didn't mean to dothis." Dad said, "Forget it. This case is going to go where it has to go." (laugh] He wasn't letting anybody' s religion interfere with obtaining justicein a serious traffic incident that could have resulted in a fatality.Sure.FO:GT: What about in the bank. Do you recall whether or not your father had a specialty? Did he work more with the ranching and livestock side of banking since that had been part of his experience?CW: Well, those were always his real strengths as far as the bank was concerned. He had a variety of business accounts. I guess it was just a matter that as people got to know him, it didn't matter what their business was. They would come to him to try and get a little personal attention.FO: Was he connected with the mining community here? 33
  CLARK L . WILSON # 1CW: Well, now I was waiting for you to come to that. Inthe National Copper Bank there were several directors from the old Utah Copper Company.FO: Yes.CW: When it was Utah Copper Company, one of the directorswas Duncan Macvichie. He was a great guy. I had always wanted to be a mechanical engineer. In fact, I can remember starting out in st. Anthony with building my first house. I could have been only five or six years old and with a hammer and nails began building a little shanty between the old "chic sale" and the coal shed. Then in our second St. Anthony home, putting some posts in the ground about fivefeet high, building a platform--starting to build a house on that. When we came to Salt Lake, I started building a house there. So I was just inclined that way. In fact, one time in St. Anthony, the grates burned out in the kitchen coal stove. Dad bought the grates and brought them home. He was trying to getthose bloomin' things in place. I couldn't have been over six or seven years old, and I said, "Let me try it." And gee, I just slipped the damn grates in. I can't remember how or why, [laughter] but I did it. All I'm saying is that I was apparently mechanically inclined even at that young age.34
    CLARK L . WILSON # 1FO: Sure.CW: So, I decided to be a mechanical engineer at theUniversity of Utah. In one of the episodes we'11 cover, it was my interest and Dad's in trains that resulted in a trip down to the D&RG shops. I took mechanical drawing as soon as I could in junior high. I was there two years. They had three shop classes; I took all those. I got up to East High, and in those days, we could pick a scientific course, which meant I took all the math that was offered, chemistry, physics, and all the mechanical drawing. And of course I took Latin because Mother insisted on it--orLatin took me as it really worked out. I just wanted to be a mechanical engineer. Anytime there was something to see mechanical, I wanted to go see it. At the university I registered for mechanical engineering. Of course we in the family talked mining with Dad who had mining men as bank customers. One of those was a fellow named George Short, who was a mining promoter, who had a lease on the Cane Springs Mine in Gold Hill, Utah, which is fifty miles south of Wendover. We talked about that once before. On a weekend the lessees would go out over Saturday and Sunday and look the place over. A Mrs. Gerster who had come from Cripple Creek with her husband years35
  CLARK L . WILSON # 1before had moved to Gold Hill and ran the post office and was the unofficial "Mayor." It was a goodexperience for Dad to renew that old Cripple Creek acquaintanceship. She had a couple of cabins out in back that could sleep about four people. She let visitors stay there and she'd cook their dinner and breakfast. I guess I became a little bit curious, so they took me out. I'm sure that I was interested inthe hoist. It was interesting to see how the hoist worked, observe the head frame and operation of the compressor. Then we went underground and observed the pumps and the drills in action, things like that. I suppose it was in the spring of the third year at the university I thought I'd take a course in geology. The only one available was a one quarter course thatI could qualify for and it was paleontology (fossils), which is the last damn course you should ever take in geology as far as a mining man is concerned. (laugh] Except as a geologist, sure, youhave to date the rocks, using fossils as a guide. Well, anyway, I took it and liked it. I have a story I'11 give you on the geology trip we took with Dr. Pack (U. of U.).[END OF S I D E ONE OF T APE]36
    CLARK L. WILSON #1CW: That course was just a "popular" thing for arts andscience students to gain "science" credit, but it changed my interest from mechanical engineering to geological engineering. Of course I'd taken quite a bit of mechanical engineering that really wasn't a part of the geological engineering course. But as events proved out if a person is going to become a mine superintendent, he's got to do a bit of everything. It was all a good investment of my time.I made a few more trips to Gold Hill and I'd decided that I was going to be a geological engineer so I'd better learn all I could. In the senior year those of us who were in the mining school would go downtown to attend the Utah Section of the American Institute of Mining and M etallurgical Engineers (AIME). They'd meet once a month during the winter. The executives of the operating mining companies were members together with their staff. We were encouraged to meet them. We probably went up and shook someone's hand,and maybe he was a nice guy that would remember your name, which was really great. But anyway, we got the feel of these guys.I had to write a full thesis for my degree. Most of the engineering people did. I was taking a class in the elements of mining from Robert s. Lewis, the37
    CLARK L . WILSON # 1head of the mining department. We called him "Bobby" behind his back. He wrote the book that was used in all the colleges. I was sitting in class next to Miles P. Romney, "Mike" Romney, a great guy who had practical mining experience.Oh yes.CW: He was a good friend of mine. "Bobby" mentioned thatyou did something or the other with a primer. I remember whispering to Mike, "What's a primer?" He told me a primer consists of three items: (1) a stick of blasting powder; (2) a fuse; (3) a cap. The cap is a metal tube with blasting powder that slides onto the fuse and is crimped to make a tight fit. A stick the size of a pencil is used to punch a hole lengthwise in the powder. The primer is inserted into the hole and the fuse when lighted will set off the blast. And I can still remember like it was yesterdaysaying to myself, "I'm going to get a job in a mining operation," because some of my other friends who had been in mining for a year or two had already done this. They'd worked in Eureka or in Bingham. I told Dad, I said, "Gee, I've got to do something about this." He said, "Well, go down and talk to Captain MacVichie." I went down, and it turned out he had this small mining operation at Black Forest, Nevada,GT:38
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1which was about forty miles southeast of Wells. I had to get on the Western Pacific RR in Salt Lake. I rodeout to Jasper Junction, a section house, twenty or thirty miles east of Wells, Nevada. There was a little old Model-A Ford there that picked me up along with the mail and drove twenty miles across the barren alkali flats. I'm sure this mine superintendent "was happy to see a college student," you know, but there wasn't anything he could do aboutit. They had a lower camp where they had a lower tunnel that went in underneath the mine to haul the ore outside for delivery to the railroad to be hauled to smelters in Salt Lake Valley. I had to walk up a steep hill where the upper mine workings were. The mine plant consisted of a compressor, a blacksmith shop and employee housing. There was a little old gentleman there by the name of Oscar Demler who'd come over from Germany. He claimed that he had learned diesel from "Old Man" Diesel himself. I wouldn't be surprised if he did. He had a littleshack there with a bedroom on one end. There was a center room where he had a coal stove, and a table. Then there was a little shanty on the other side, and I cleaned that out for my bed. They started me working down at the lower tunnel. The company had a39
    CLARKL . WILSON # 1leaser from Tooele named Bayles who was shipping silver-lead-zinc ore. It came out of the stapes in the mine, down a vertical raise, and out the lower tunnel, and then dumped into an ore bin. They'd take a "grab" sample of every car. My first job was to break this down to small pieces to get arepresentative sample to be sent to an assay office to see if the smelter was playing fair or whether they were "cheating." The miner always figured the smelter was cheating him. So my first job was to sit there and break all of the big pieces down to little pieces or perhaps haul some timber around to be sent underground. I remember one day Captain MacVichie showed up. He was along in years then, eighties. He'd walk up to the dump, and sit down there and watch me. One day he said, "You know, if the Lord hadn't given you such big feet, you'd be an awfully tall man."[laughter] I never will forget that. Later on they started me out in the tunnel. We had to tram the mine cars by horse, and we had a string of one ton mine cars. Of course I learned how to pull a chute and handle the train. One day they decided that they needed to pull this chute, about 300 feet long, from the tunnel to the upper level because it was full of waste rock. We had to get that out and over the dump40
 CLARK L. WILSON #1so that the next day the leaser could transfer his ore through the chute and tunnel to get it to the smelter. The fellow I was working for was actually a Spaniard, not a Mexican. He came from Spain. He had a very feisty temperament. Incidentally, I never liked horses even though I'd grown up in St. Anthony. I wasscared of them. The mine horse was "Old Doc" and he had a big old Roman nose. He was supposed to be mean. So we loaded this train. "Horses can count." These cars were hooked together with a short chain, and as the slack comes out and those chains grab, the horses can feel that tug. I never believed it, but boy, I'm telling you, I became a believer. This day we decided to hang three extra cars on the train for a total of thirteen. I was to ride the tail end. This little Spaniard was up on top of the front car. He had ashort two-by-four. The first car jerked as the slack in the chain to the second car was "taken up" and the train keeps moving. Finally we got down to the tenth car, and when number eleven jerked, old Doc balked. So the Spaniard beat him on the back and nothing happened. He got around in front of him and pounded this horse on the head yelling "You Son-of-a-Beach, if you no pull'em, you push 'em." He then jumped on the first car and, boy, did we ever come out of that41
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1tunnel. [laughter] What I was worrying about was what's going to happen when we get out on the dump; we're going to go over. But fortunately we didn't. That's when I learned about tramming with horses. So, then they put me in the mine and started me working with a two-man crew that was driving a drift (a horizontal opening). When we went into the face ofthe terminal in the morning, here was this big pile of muck (broken rock). They'd put a "turn sheet" down--a piece of sheet steel about 6' x 6' so that the rock from the blast of the previous day would pile up on the sheet and make it easier to shovel. Myjob was to shovel all that round into these cars. Of course we would have to hand tram them back to a switch and get an empty car. In the meantime the miner was up on the muck pile drilling the top holes in the face of the drift. When we got the muck pile out of the face the crew would drill the bottom holes. The holes were loaded with blasting powder, and at the end of the shift the blast was set off. I'd never been around dynamite. Boy, I was scared of it, and they knew it. And I didn't have a hard hat. Hard hats were just coming in. We didn't have them then; mine was just an old soft hat. This miner takes the powder box and lifts it up. He takes a corner and42
    CLARKL . WILSON # 1just bangs it down on the rail, and the powder goes all over everywhere. I about died. [laugh] And he the picked up a stick of powder and sort of gently hits me over the head. And that's when I knew I was dead.[laughter] Then they finally let me try to run the drill. Then they moved me with another miner who was driving a raise, that is a vertical opening, which was not too bad a deal because at least gravity gets rid of the muck. You get up a ways, and then the manager decides to go out horizontal for another level. You have to use a jack-hammer. (The machine we see used to break up pavement.) You can imagine standing up there on a piece of timber and holding that handle against yourself to push the machine. You've never had a sore gut like that until you have tried it. The muscles were so damn tight that you could hardly breath for about two or three days. The worst part of it was we walked out of the tunnel--andthis was in the middle of the summer: it was warm-- and we had to walk up this hill to where we lived. I suppose it was three-quarters of a mile with the sun shining in your face and this powder headache pounding. I just knew I was going to die. But the point was I learned all about the hard work ofmining, which was what I went out there for.43
    CLARK L. WILSON #1GT: You were what--about nineteen years old, eighteenyears old at that time?CW: I spent my twenty-first birthday there.GT: You were twenty-one.FO: You were a junior in college?CW: Yes. Of course I had to go an extra year because ofthe change from mechanical to geological engineering. FO: I see.GT: Before we really get on to it--perhaps it should be for next session--let me ask you a couple of questions about East High and your training there. That was where you attended high school?CW: Yeah.GT: What do you remember about East High--yourexperiences?CW: A lot of things. I was interested in the scientificcourse. Miss Mayne was the mechanical drawing teacher, so I had several semesters with her. She was a very nice gal.FO: Was she highly competent?CW: Oh, she knew her mechanical drawing. That she did. Ihad taken mechanical drawing in junior high. So I had already had a year of that. And I'd taken all the shops down there, so mechanical drawing up there at East High wasn't work; it was just sort of fun. It44
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1was getting into chemistry and physics and Latin--God damn Latin. My mother had taken Latin and was still pretty good at that. My sister was an excellent Latinstudent. And this gal, Van Pelt, knew that I was Ruth's younger brother, and so I should do well. Boy, Van Pelt just knew that I wasn't doing all that well, and she'd help me through. There were two cute gals sitting by me. I wish I could remember who they were because they'd scrounge down and whisper thetranslation to help me get through it. Latin was a chore, but it was the best thing that happened to me in a way because it provided the basis for spelling. I had the best secretary in Salt Lake, that Anaconda ever had. I don't care where. Her father was lawyer, and he'd trained her. Some of her spelling wasn't all that great, but sometimes something would happen, and she'd say, "Mr. Wilson, how did you know how to spell that word?" I'd say, "Took Latin." It all came backto me. FO: Yes.CW: So, Latin, mechanical drawing, chemistry, physics, math. I'd had a friend in St. Anthony who had a saxophone just before we left there and I wanted a saxophone. Well, the folks said, "Look, if you can learn some elementary music,"-- My mother played the45
   CLARK L. WILSON #1piano; my sister was always taking piano lessons--"We'll teach you how to start out with piano, and if you do that, show you're interested, why then we'll consider the clarinet." So that's what they did. I can still play the Pussy Cat Waltz. [laugh] We came down here, and the year I went from Douglas School tojunior high they said they'd get me a clarinet for my birthday. And in those days "old" Arthur Overlade, had East High and Roosevelt Jr. High band and orchestra. In the summer as soon as grade school wasover I would attend West Junior High during summer school, and Overlade would teach the instruments. He would start us out each in a room all by our lonesome--and we were there for three hours. He'd say, "All right. Now this is how you play these three notes, and I'll be back." He'd just keep wandering around. Well, by the end of the summer courses it was six weeks, by the end of that--we had a little "orchestra". I wish to hell I'd had a recording of that. It must have been awful, but at least we thought we were doing something. And of course he said, "Now you're coming down to Roosevelt, and you're to be a part of the orchestra." So, I was there, with about maybe three or four of us, playing the clarinet. And I ended up with--I hate to admit46
     CLARK L. WILSON #1it--being solo clarinet all the way through junior high, high school, and university. I liked it, and it was a relaxation from all the studying. I had an awful lot of fun with it. For instance, in East High I wanted to have ROTC, so I registered. When Overladefound out about it, he said, "What's the big idea? You're supposed to be in the band." I said, "Well, I want to be in ROTC." He said, "Well, we have an ROTC band." That's how I got into the ROTC end of it. I guess it was my junior year, I became a cadetofficer. I remember my sister got a hold of me, and she said, "Look. In this high school, just don't be another guy. You do something different. Do something extra. Be somebody." So, I worked hard in the ROTC, and in my senior year, I got to be the cadet captain of the band. I think it helped that "old" Steven Abbott was one of those old West Point guys--tall and skinny--was the commandant at East High. He was also my Sunday school teacher at First Presbyterian Church, which didn't hurt me any. He walked up when the cadets were lined up for inspection, and says, "You boy, you chewing gum?" [laugh] I never will forget that. "You boy." But through him and this "old" Sergeant Sheets (also ex-WWI) I said to Captain Abbott, "We ought to have a marching competition47
   CLARK L. WILSON #1amongst our own band people." And so we worked on four band members to be second lieutenants. They had to take the usual officer's exam on things military. And then particularly in the winter when it was tough weather, we would practice our marching in the halls. Then in the spring of course we were the militaryband for the ROTC. Hell, I marched behind more horses from the University of Utah as the drum major, you know, watching for "deposits" from the horses. We'd go to all the sports events. I also played solo clarinet. In fact, the year I was a senior at East, we had the first high school band contest in the state of Utah, and we won. We beat West High. And that was a big deal to beat West. All through the five years at the university, the one thing that I did outside of engineering was play in the band as solo clarinet and president of the band under the direction of Clarence Hawkins. It was a lot of fun.FO: I think that this is a good stopping_point for the first time. I don't want to go much past an hour in the first interview. Okay. Thank you very much.CW: Well, as you can tell, I enjoy it. [END OF TAPE]48
    THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. CLARK L . WILSON ON AUGUST 7 , 1 9 8 6 AT THE MARRIOTT LIBRARY AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. THE INTERVIEWERS ARE DR. FLOYD 0 1 NEIL AND DR. GREGORY THOMPSON. THE PROJECT I S THE HISTORY OF MINING IN UTAH AND THIS IS THE SECOND SESSION WITH MR. WILSON. [THIS I S P ART OF THE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTOR Y P R O J E C T . T APE#2.]FO: When we stopped last time, we talked a little bit about your days at East High and the curriculum there, the neighborhood you lived in, and so on. Did you ever consider going some other place besides the University of Utah to go to college?[INSERT]There was no consideration or even desire to go out of state for undergraduate university study. The percentage of high school grads entering college must have been quite low. I suppose we Wilsons always accepted the fact that we would attend but we knew plenty of high school grads who wouldn't and didn't.My sister Ruth graduated from the U.of U. about the time I left East High and was teaching in the SLC schools. She saved some money and with help from Dad received an MS in Phys. Ed. from the University of Wisconsin before I graduated from the U. in 1936. At that time I realized that I needed graduate study in economic geology to get ahead in the mining business.[END OF I N S E R T ]CW: I had decided I was going to be in mining geology. Ifelt also that I should go to the best spot for the study of economic geology that we could find in any of our United States' universities. One of the older USGS geologists from the early days was John Boutwell who was the author of the Park City Professional49
    CLARK L. WILSON #2Paper III in 1912. He had retired in Salt Lake City, and he lived in the Bransford Apartments (N.E. Corner South Temple and State St. replaced this year with a new condo building). I'd seen him from a distance atthe meetings of American Institute of Mining Engineers of the Salt Lake Section (AIME). In fact I was a member of the student section. And in the senior year, I think I mentioned this the other day, that we were required in engineering school to writesome kind of a thesis and having been at a Black Forest Mine in Nevada that we talked about, I wrote the paper on that and submitted it. There were several other people in mining and geology that did the same thing. Well, having graduated from or going to graduate from the university, and planning on a M.S. degree Dad said, "Why don't you go see John Boutwall?" John was a depositor at the bank, and Dad knew him pretty well. I made an appointment and went in. He was an elderly guy with a rather austere personality and pretty serious. He wasn't the warm type. He was very courteous and before we got to talking he pulled out a paper or two from the U. of U. students so he had made the association of me with the university. I remember him asking if I knew this fellow, Clark Wilson. And I said, "Well, yes, I did.50
 CLARK L. WILSON #2[laugh] I was Clark." Well, it turned out I won theprize for the best paper. Of course I think one reason being that mine was more of a geology paper than say mining as such, so it would appeal to him. The prize was a junior membership in the AIME in 1936, and incidently, I've maintained that membership ever since and have been very active over the years. I have a tie clip that is a fifty year AIME pin that I received earlier this year and am a member of the AIME Legion of Honor. (fifty plus years.) But getting back to the subject, I told Boutwell that I wanted togo to one of the best schools in the country, and he recommended W. H. Emmons, who he knew as Bill Emmons, in Minnesota, or B. S. "Bert" Butler in Arizona. It turns out that Butler had been the author of the Professional Paper III, Geology of Utah, 1920s. So that was somewhat attractive. He was a man who had spent a lot of time in Utah. Although Emmons, I'm sure had spent some time here also. The other consideration was that money was pretty tight. Arizona was closer than Minnesota, and it looked like the place to go. I was accepted and in those days there was a bus from Salt Lake, through the plateau country to Flagstaff and down into Arizona. The University of Arizona staff was very nice when I51
 CLARKL . WILSON #2arrived and helped me get settled. There I was, studying under a great man, B. s. Butler. And theinteresting thing was, he had a class in the geology of Utah. Probably the only place in the country where it was taught this well. Of course the text was the Professional Paper III [laugh] which was out of print even in those days. George Dern, the former governor of Utah was Secretary of War, and Dad knew him through the bank. Dad wrote and asked Dern if his staff could get us a copy of that. He was going togive that to me as my graduation present in 1936. The copy came but unfortunately it was just on _loan from the U.S. Geological Survey. That wasn't quite what we wanted, so he sent it back and told them what the problem was. By golly, the staff went out and in some secondhand book store there in Washington they bought a copy, and of course I was able to take the textbook with me to Arizona which was something. I was the only guy (laugh] in the place that had it. I look back and think I really goofed when I didn't have B. s. Butler autograph it. Quite a deal. He was retired from the USGS and sort of the quiet type, very studious but gee, he was a nice guy; a great fellow to be out on a field trip with. He enjoyed being out. We enjoyed being out. And what we did in class was52
    CLARKL . WILSON #2study all these mining districts in Utah. Particularly it was the economics that we were after. He had another man on the faculty by the name of Maxwell N. Short, and M. N. Short was the expert in the USGS on the petrographic analysis of the opaque minerals. Now, for many years they had been makingthin sections of rocks as we know them, and putting it on a petrographic microscope. The rock was so thin that the light could come through and you could differentiate minute particles of different rock minerals. From that we could determine that it was definitely one of umpteen kinds of either igneous, sedimentary or metamorphic rocks. Short also developed or refined the process of doing this with metallic minerals. Of course, we couldn't grind ore minerals fine enough to transmit light. So there was a different method. We had some little brass cases that were about one and a half inches long an inch wide and an inch high. Just the framework.CW: We would take a small piece of the mineral, maybe an inch in diameter and grind it flat and as smooth as we could on a course grinding wheel. That would then be laid on a metal plate, and the brass case placed around it. Hot sealing wax would be poured over thespecimen to stabilize it in the case. We made our own 53
 CLARKL . WILSON #2sealing wax. We would then proceed to grind the case and specimen to a smooth surface and polish the specimen on a lathe that was covered with billiard cloth and very fine polishing material (grit). Thespecimen would shine like a mirror. In fact, I still have the specimens from my thesis that I look at once in awhile. So from that experience with Dr. Short, I eventually become pretty expert in identifying minerals. He was rewriting his professional paper on this particular subject, and he would use us as his research assistants. He'd give us a mineral specimen and say, "Now I think this might be such and such but you run it down." So in essence, we did the hard work, you might say, under his supervision for the revision of that USGS paper and become "experts" in that type of research. We also had Dr. Stayanow whowas Russian. He had quite a story.knew his paleontology. I wasn't there for paleontology but I took some or "it took me", one way or the other. He told us a very interesting story. During the Russian revolution, he and his wife got up into the northwest end of the country--up where the snow and ice fields are. They each had a sheet and atYou say his name was?GT:CW: s-t-a-y-a-n-o-w. A typical cold Russian, but he sure54
 CLARKL . WILSON #2the appropriate time when they figured things were quiet, people would head out over these snow and icefields and anytime there was any sign of life or flood lights, they would just lie down and cover themselves with the sheet and in this way they got up into the Scandinavian countries and ended up in Arizona as naturalized citizens. Those were the three big fellows there. We had another recent graduate with his Ph.D. there who taught sedimentation and things like that. But economic geology was the big deal. Butler and Short were my two favorites. Well, for graduating either as an M.S. or Ph.D. there we had to have a thesis that was a junior sized USGS document which was good training. I had taken along a carbon copy of my Black Forest thesis that I have discussed. I told Dr. Butler that I'd like to redo that for my master's thesis as it was an old mining camp and had an ore production record for many years. There was a USGS Bulletin #648 by J. M. Hill who had reconnaissanced that area. He had lived in Gold Hill, UT and knew the geology. He worked through Utah and Nevada on the fortieth parallel and picked up whatever he could. So there was at least a little something for me to start with. But this area (Black Forest) had never had a topographic sheet and of55
    CLARKL . WILSON #2course no really in-depth geology mapping. He said,"Fine. The only condition is I will have to come by and see you in the field." Of course, I wanted him to come by and see me in the field. I was able to get a graduate student here from the u. of u., and good old Captain MacVichie (we will get into him) was kindenough to say that he would pay me mucker's wages and also help by paying the helper's (Percy Andros) wages while it was necessary during the summer. Of course the mining company wanted the information. So Percy and I headed for Black Forest in June, 1937. · There was some housing at the mine camp and there was a place to eat because there was a good lease going, and they had a little boarding house, so we were taken care of that way. We had to start right in and prepare the topographic map. I'd "run the rod" because I wanted to be out in the field and get the information and tie it into geology. The result was that I produced a geological map and of course did alot of polished section work on the minerals. It was a creditable report for that time, and as far as I know, it's probably still about the only real geological study that's been done there. Of course I could do a lot better job now, but I was pretty proud of it then.56
    CLARK L. WILSON #2GT: Did Butler come by?CW: Yes, with his wife and she was quite a gal. TheButlers would throw a party each year, maybe twice a year at their home in Tucson for the graduate students. But she was the leader of the W.C.T.U. at Tucson so those where always dry parties. When Short would throw a party, being a bachelor, he would have the bottles sitting out and it was an "open" bar. He had one leg blown off in an accident in a World War One training accident, and the other one was partially crippled. This seemed to have affected his personality and it took time to develop a friendly relationship. We'd get to his home a little early,and he'd say, "Now, I got to go get my date." He'd drive off and come back with a school teacher, sit her down in the corner of the living room, and he'd never talk to her that night. We learned quickly that we fellows were to go around and visit her. He had a big up-right phonograph and he'd put the records on for dancing. Some of the fellows would bring a girl friend. We ·appreciated his hospitality, but the parties were a bit "stiff." Getting back to the Butlers and Black Forest. I was able to find a roomin a private home boarding house so the Butlers were taken care of for food and lodging. They were there57
   CLARK L. WILSON #2for three nights and the day they were leaving, they were going to drive up to Wells, Nevada which was about forty or fifty miles. One of the families in camp was going to Wells and would bring me back. I rode into town with the Butlers. As we approached Wells, Mrs. Butler said, "Well, it's a hot day. I'll buy everybody a drink--beer, but it will be root- beer." [laughter] So that was the kind of anassociation we had and we respected her wishes. B.S. quietly let everything go along about the way she liked to engineer it. It was a very interesting two days in the field because I was the beneficiary of his expertise on all phases of surface geology, and he wasn't around there lecturing to me. He would ask, "Well, now. What do you make of this? And what do you make of that?" And he'd say, "Well, I think the first step would be to differentiate the rock formations as to quartzites, limestones and igneous rocks." He would ask, "Well, do you know whether this is a limestone or a dolomite the difference being that a dolomite is calcium magnesium carbonate (CaMgco3) . For a limestone he would pull out an eyedropper bottle with some dilute hydrochloric acid in it. He would place a drop of the hydrochloric acid on the rock and if it fizzed, it was limestone. If it didn't58
 CLARKL . WILSON #2fizz, it was dolomite. It was that simple and I hadn't heard of that test before. These are the little things picked up from the experts. We went in the mine and he did enough looking around to evaluate my thesis. The map was drawn with topography and geology. There is a lady in Salt Lake City at the Wasatch Convalescent Home on Thirty-Third South and would be an interesting person to talk to--FrancesCollier--a drafts"person".surveyor in this western country. I guess he taught her the drafting business. She spent her life with the U.S. Smelting Company, and her maps were just perfection. I had met her through Capt. MacVichie and knew her. She agreed to draw my maps. I remember it cost a hundred dollars and boy, I'm telling you, it was worth a hundred dollars but a hundred dollars in those days was like you know, a thousand dollars would be now. (I will check on Frances Collier. She lives at a Salt Lake rest home. She had no interestin me or any subject relating to the past.] They made a practice at Arizona of framing these to hang in the geology building halls. The maps were approximately 20" x 30" and made quite an exhibit. It was a veryHow do you spell her name?GT:CW: C-o-1-1-i-e-r. Her father was a great mineral59
 CLARK L . WILSON #2good experience having Butler visit the mine and being able to critique what I was doing.GT: Let's put the time-line in focus here. What year did you go to Arizona?CW:GT:CW:FO:CW: GT: CW: FO: CW: FO: CW:FO: GT:I started there the fall of '36.Okay.And the thesis study in the field of summer of '37. I went back in the fall of '37 and finished the thesis and left there at Christmas time of 1 37.With your masters?Yes, in fact I went back and picked it up in June. So that Butler was at the mine at what time?That would have been in July of 1937.And you were in the mine over near Wells, Nevada. Right.And who owned that mine?Well, it was called the Missouri Monarch Consolidated Mines Company. It was owned by some Canadians that Captain MacVichie knew. He was born in Canada and was the local mining engineer who operated this property for the Canadians.For the Canadians.I might mention for the record that your previous reference to AIME is the American Institute of Mining Engineers, correct?60
 CLARK L . WILSON #2cw: The full name is The American Institute of Mining andFO:CW:FO:CW:Metallurgical Engineers, but they abbreviate it, AIME. One of the Founder Engineering Societies.I want to go back before your graduate years and talk about your under-graduate years at the university. You went to the University of Utah for your degree. Right.Was that economics as your choice? Or is it where you wanted to go?Well, that was in the days of the depression and theconservative Wilson family didn't consider other schools. My sister before me attended the U. of U., and I don't imagine that there was any discussion in the family of anything else. Dad just didn't have those kind of finances, I realize now. In those days, there wasn't a big proportion of high school kids that went to the university, and you were sort of a part of the favored few if you did. There was no thought on my part that I should go out of the statefor college.That's right.When we went to the U. of U. there might be a total of twenty cars parked around in the parking lots. Economics were a b it tough.Most of the faculty then also came in the streetcar.FO:CW:FO:61
   CLARK L . WILSON #2CW: I'm sure they did. There were a few cars parked backof the Park Building and a few down by the old Phys. Ed. Building which of course is long gone. My sister graduated in the spring of 1931. I started that fall and went for five years. When I graduated, my younger brother picked up, so Dad had fifteen years ofcollege students, all at the University of Utah.Do you remember what tuition was?CW: Oh I suppose tuition for a quarter might have beentwenty-five, thirty dollars. FO: I see.CW: And a few lab fees that were maybe five dollars a quarter. Something like that. I still had a few books that I had to buy.FO: Did you find the university hard work when you first entered?CW: Well, the freshman year of engineering was a general course for everybody. As a starter--if you hadn't had any high school chemistry, then you went into Chern I, II, and III. Those of us who had, went into IV, V, and VI. Physics, I think, was the same way. Those of us who had high school physics went into a more advanced class. While I liked those things, I had to work pretty hard. There was one very interesting situation during the freshman year. There was aFO:62
    CLARKL . WILSON #2teacher who's name was Clara Latimer, and if you talk to any engineers who graduated from the U. in this period of time, they'll tell you about Clara Latimer. She was the nemesis of the freshmen engineers. She was the clearing house. (laugh] If they got by Clara, they could make it. If they didn't, they might as well forget it. As I recall, the first quarter wasjust mechanical drafting because some of those fellows entering probably never took mechanical drawing in high school. Well, that was a cinch. In the second and third quarter we had descriptive geometry and this was a matter of solving schematic problems. For instance the toughest problem that we ever had was to draw the plan view of theintersection of a plane--you know like a piece of paper crosscutting on an angle through a torus which is a doughnut. There are two intersections and they aren't circles--they each are an ellipse so the problem is to project numerous points on the intersection to a plane and produce the ellipse.During those two quarters of descriptive geometry, we would have maybe two or three mechanical drawing plates each quarter and the rest of it would be geometry. We had a book of the geometry problems that we studied prior to the class. We used a piece of63
    CLARL . WILSON #2yellow drafting paper with pencil to produce the problems and finish during the prescribed period of time. For the final exam in the final quarter we hadseveral problems to do in a blue book freehand. I remember the torus was one of the problems. I had really gotten that down pat. I got 100 percent on the final exam; I got an A, so I was qualified as a potential sophomore. That was probably the crowning glory of my university career. (laughter]FO: Passing with Ms. Latimer.GT: And getting an A.FO: And getting an A at that.CW: I        didn't realize it until later, but it was agood deal. From then on, it was just a matter of time and study getting through chemistry, physics, and the math. I suppose most of us had trigonometry in high school so it was college algebra and of course calculus. And incidently the Southern Utah geology field trip I mentioned caused a problem with third quarter calculus because somewhere on that tripI picked up a bug. Nowadays the doctor would give you a pill and in three days you'd be fixed. But boy, I was out of it for about a week and the result was I had an incomplete. This professor (we called him "Hoot" Gibson, head of the math department) made us64
   CLARL . WILSON #2hand in every assigned problem for the quarter and he had a fellow who checked all these off. He had a policy that we hand them in and if they were wrong,he'd hand them back and we had to correct them. Gibson was a toughie. I just didn't make that final exam because of sickness, so I had to repeat the third quarter the next year. But the other engineering classes weren't all that tough. Mechanics was a good course because that's the basic physicalsystems of engineering.Do you remember who taught mechanics? Well, Merv Hogan was the teacher I had.FO:CW:GT: Oh, really. He must have been a very young faculty-- CW: I think he was just a brand new one. Yeah. He was anice young guy. T. C. Adams, does that name ring a bell?--civil engineering. I believe he was about the first Commodore of the Great Salt Lake Yacht Club. He was our surveying teacher. I used to get a kick out of him--he was very informal. He'd be sitting on the edge of the desk talking (he never lectured) you know, and "old" Dr. Thomas--U. of U. President--would wander around through the building once in a while, and he'd come and open the door and sorta look in. Adams didn't care. It could have been Jesus Christ, you know. It didn't make any difference. He just did65
 CLARK L . WILSON #2his own easy thing. We heard from Pres. Thomas, though, later on when we got into the wet assayinglab in what was then the new engineering building and it was pretty wild. Some of the boys had a little wine. I remember that we would get into battles of throwing water and things like that and smoking. And once in awhile Thomas would come in from the north side and wander through and sorta monitor what was going on and we'd hear about it. But getting back tothe schooling and sophomore year surveying, T. c. was the lecturer and we'd have a senior civil engineering student teach the lab work. The first exercise was (and this is something that stayed with everybody, I'm sure all their lives) to make a pace and compass traverse and draw a map of the roads and buildings of the then campus around the "U". The staff had measured off a hundred feet, and we paced back andforth at a normal walking pace. We figured out how many paces to a hundred feet and do it enough times that we knew darn well what a hundred feet was. To this day, I still pace to check distance. You never lose that. And of course we learned to use the Brunton compass. The Brunton is really a geologists compass. If you're not familiar with it, I'd like to bring one up and show it to you because you can66
   CLARKL . WILSON #2survey horizontally and can get vertical angles. We each had to draw this plan map of the buildings. From there on, of course we had to learn to use the transit; and the level. We actually had to make ashot on the sun to get an azimuth. Richard Jacob and I decided that we would like to start somewhere where there was an absolute accurate latitude and longitude determination. In those days--and I suppose it's still there in the old Parade Ground at Fort Douglas by the flag pole--there was a big red sandstone monument with latitude and longitude chiseled into the surface.Is that still there?It probably is. We had to have a dark glass over the lens to look at the sun; otherwise you're blind. This transit didn't come equipped with the dark glass. We went over to the mechanical lab and borrowed a welder's helmet equipped with the dark glass. We went up to Ft. Douglas and without asking anybody, we just set up the transit on the Fort Douglas latitude and longitude stone and started working. All of a sudden here came a Second Lieutenant wanting to know "what the hell" we were doing. So we explained to him, and he said, "All right, but the next time you do it right.11 So anyway, we went ahead and performed thisGT: CW:67
 CLARK L . WILSON #2great observation. As I recall, when we calculated it out, we were somewhere out in Nevada according to our calculations. [laughter] But at least we got therudiments of it, and of course later on as a mineral surveyor, why I did many of those determinations the right way. But all in all, it was a good surveying experience. And of course that came in very handy because all the time I was an active engineer in Park City, I was in charge of all the surveying. We'll talk about that later when I became a mineral surveyor, which is a commission from the U.S.government. With this two-year general engineering background the course I chose concentrated on mechanical studies. I have a transcript of credits that shows the subjects that I studied. When I changed to geology it was really a matter of concentrating on all the geological subjects.GT: How many people out of your graduating class from East came with you into the engineering program at the U.? Do you recall whether several of you--were there more than that?CW: I never really tried to think that out. If an old U. year book was available I suppose it would be easy to do it, but offhand, I suppose there might have been a half dozen--ten. I don't suppose there were too many68
     CLARK L . WILSON #2of them because in those days there wasn't a great number of students in high school that went to the university.GT: How large was the student body? Do you remember?CW: When I graduated, I think it was 4,000. That's about the way I remember it. And I remember going to Arizona. It was much smaller down there than it was here, probably twenty-five hundred. There were quite a few students there because of their asthma and other health problems. In fact, the story was in Arizona that when the legislature was apportioning state business facilities, they had the prison andFO:CW:FO:CW:GT:the university to locate. Tucson wanted the prison. They got the university. That's the way it worked out. Of course it turned out that the university is much bigger than the prison, thank goodness. [laugh]I was going to go back and ask you about Ms. Latimer. Where was she from? Do you know?No, I really don't know. All I know is that I'd been warned about her, and she lived up to "the billing."You're not the first to tell me that she was tough. Well, you know it was a good thing because there are a lot of people that really should know early in the game that they shouldn't be an engineer.True.69
   CLARK L . WILSON #2CW: The other interesting thing was in physics andchemistry--[ END OF S I D E ONE OF T A P E ]CW: I can remember Ken Westfall who was one of the greatfootball players--heck of a nice guy, and we studiedphysics together. I believe he was pre-med.FO: Who taught geology?CW: Of course Pack was the head of the department. Thereal economic geologist was Hyrum Snyder. He was of German descent, and he was the quiet type--quite serious, but you could get along with him pretty well. He really knew his economic geology, and he also taught the microscopic examination of theigneous and sedimentary rocks. Petrography is what they call it. We geology majors were required to take a six weeks summer field course, and thank goodness the year I did this he was the leader. Basically, what we would do is get together at eight o'clock in the morning and go up in some of the local canyons. Over the years he'd figured out some good structural problems in the sedimentary rocks. So he'd just tell us, "Now starting from here, going up the canyon a ways there's a problem." A geologist has to do this mapping in the field, so he has to have the equipment. First thing, he has to have a Brunton70
 CLARK L. WILSON #2compass. And the second thing, he has to have something to map on. Well, I suppose in those days we probably just had a board of some kind. But I soonlearned in the mines that to protect the map and to handle it very well, we would get one of these metal books with a hinge in it, and it was just about the right size for an eight-by-ten mapping sheet. Thesesheets come already printed up in one-inch squares so it makes it very handy. One inch can be forty feet or fifty feet or whatever. And then there is a little plastic rule. I'll bring one of those things up. And you can get them at all kinds of scales. The procedure is to establish a base line of some kind, at least a bearing and distance and then head out from here. You either pace it, or tape it. For instance, in the mine a surveyor will go through and establish survey stations in the back of the drift, and once you have those, why you can easily locate your position to within one tenth of a foot. For mapping surface geology if you're within a few feetit doesn't make any difference. So anyway, we would actually map these surface problems assigned by Snyder. Sometimes he would just say, "Now you've got an hour or two to go study this thing, and come back and tell me what you've found and what it is." For71
 CLARK L . WILSON #2these surface geology problems we would use topographic sheets--the regular ones you can getfrom the Survey Office at the Federal Building. [INSERT]Another fellow and I had an area just north of Park City where Park Meadows is now. We would locate ourselves on the ground from the topography and record on the map the dip and strike of the rock exposures and name the formations based on descriptions provided by the professional geologists who had previously mapped the area.On the northwest corner of the area we could see the rocks striking from northeast to southwest and plunging to the northwest. At the north end of the anticline the rocks dipped to the north and the strike was East-West. On the northeast corner the rocks dipped to the northeast and the strike was from northwest to southwest.We didn't know that Boutwell had mapped this area for the u.s. Geological Survey prior to 1912 and that the info was available. It is good that we didn't as we needed the experience.This was also our first experience in mapping volcanic rocks that partially covered the sedimentary rocks and provided another good geological situationto be studied and evaluated. [END OF I N S E R T ]We had an interesting experience one August day- -boy it was hot--and we ran out of water. We were sort of east of the Park Meadows country on those little hills heading down into Highway 40. Finally I saw Silver Creek that's over there, and said, "Let's go over there and drink." We went over and as we leaned down noticed pyrite rolling down along the creek bottom. [laugh] Of course it was the old mill72
   CLARK L. WILSON #2tailings from the mines washing down through there. So, of course we decided we wouldn 1 t drink that. Fortunately we found a Union Pacific section crew who gave us a drink of water. We wandered south over toHighway 40 and there was an old dam for the Park city tailings. We walked up on that, and here was a dead cow stuck in there. It turned out to be the garbage dump for Park City. I always wondered what kind of typhoid or heebie-jeebies we would have had. That wasjust one of the incidental things. But it was a darn good experience. Snyder was on top of us all the time in a nice way. Once in a while when we'd be going up some canyon along the Wasatch Front, and we were feeling a little lively we would try to splash eachother coming down. Somebody splashed him and got him all down the back. He just kept plodding along like nothing had happened. He'd probably been through this many times. [laugh] He was a nice guy. I'd say he was probably the most competent professor that was in the department. Ferdinand Hintze was another professor that was good. His specialty was more the historical geology, structural geology, petroleum geology. In fact, he was always playing around with an oil well. And we had a good field trip with him up through Wyoming through the then productive oil wells.73
   CLARK L . WILSON #2FO: Teapot Dome area?CW: Well, Wind River, you know, or Teapot Dome. And ofcourse, it was pretty easy to see the geology because all you had to do was drive around some of those structures and look at the outcrops of the rocks.FO: Sure.CW: In those days, we didn't have these great aerialphotos, or we wouldn't have even had to do the field work. It would have been a time saving trip with the photos.GT: He did his work at Columbia, didn't he?CW: I think he did.GT: And as I recall, he did a dissertation or a master'sthesis, I've forgotten which, on Big Cottonwood Canyon. It was the first major report that I think came out on the area.CW: Well, I'm not familiar with that. He certainly could have done that. His son Hugh was taking some geology courses at the same time. And I don't know whether he ever graduated in geology or not.GT: I think he did. I interviewed his son a few years ago. They just live down here off the edge of the campus. He's retired, but my recollection was he got involved in the geology as well.cw: The other professor, I guess he wasn't a professor 74
   CLARKL . WILSON #2really, was Ray Marsel. Ray had been in the office supply business of some sort. I guess he was justinterested in geology and got involved in it to the point where he began taking courses even as a mature person out in business. Eventually he went with the university. He taught mineralogy and some of the basic courses like geology I and II. Ray was a good instructor. He taught some of these beginning classesand also an advanced class in general geology. He was a good man to be with on field trips. He knew his geology. In fact, I think one of the first trips into a mine sponsored by the university was some prospect that he was involved in out in the West Tintic District.FO: Yes.CW: We took a trip out there. In fact, on that trip wevisited the "Chief Consolidated"--Fitch family. "Old man" Fitch was really quite a character, and in those days they lived in Fitchville. It was on the south side of town.GT: In Eureka.CW: We dropped in there this afternoon after we went outto this mine that I was talking about. "Papa" Fitch bought whiskey by the barrel. I'd only had one or two tastes of booze from Mahlon Kammerer who'd come out75
   CLARK L. WILSON #2to the U. of u. as a graduate student. I was afraid of whiskey. Our family, I thought, were all teetotalers. I later on found out that my dad liked his little nip and had it in the basement. Motherknew it was there, but she was nice enough not to bother it. [laugh] But anyway, old man Fitch--he'd pour a glass about two inches of bourbon out of a barrel, and I'm sure I didn't drink it. I just wouldn •t dare drink it. But anyway, that •s where I met the Fitch family. We went into this prospect out west of Tintic with Ray Marsell and also one of the mines on the west side of the district. I can't remember the name of it now. But it was enough toknow that the Tintic District had these famous old mines that had been mined out. The bedding was almost vertical on the west side, and these beds had been replaced by mineral. And the result was that we walked down this one drift, and all of a sudden there was a lagging across the drift and just black in front. With a light that was fairly strong, he pointed into the hole. It just barely showed theother side, and we would turn it up and turn it down or either way. We couldn't see anything. It was just a huge, open stope that had gone for thousands of feet north and south. It's in the literature. It can76
   LARK L. WILSON #2be researched in a USGS report on the district. It was really quite an experience to first ride on a mine skip or mine cage in a vertical mine shaft.Considering the speed and distance traveled.There were some lab assistants in mineralogy, but that was about all the faculty: Pack, Snyder, Hintze, Marsell, and a couple of graduate students.And all in all, I think it was a pretty good background as far as I'm concerned, because Pack was not teaching the serious students. He was just intersted in popular geology for the girls. Snyder was the mainstay. Hintze in his own way was good in his field. And Marsell did a very adequate job.GT: When you were talking about doing your thesis, it implies that you have a skill with writing. Did you have good writing classes at East before you came to the university? Did you get training in English andwhat not?CW: Well, English wasn't ever my favorite subject. Iendured through three years of Latin. As I mentioned the other day that was a great basis for spelling. Later on in life as I got into writing annual reports for New Park, what I would do is write these things as plainly as I thought I could do it for an ordinary stockholder who didn't know anything about the77
    CLARK L. WILSON #2business. And I'd take it home to Virginia and say,"Now read that and tell me what you think about it." Of course, she hadn't had technical training. All she knew is what I had explained in taking her underground, that sort of thing, you know, just a lark. But she'd say, "Well, I don't think they'11 understand this or this or this." I don't know whether I'm right in saying so, but I always sort of prided myself in being able to lay something out that people understand. And of course later on when I went to Washington, where I had to get up before these bloomin' Senate and House committees, you darn wellhad to make it so they could understand. [INSERT]Ed Snyder, President of Combined Metals Reduction Company used to say the following when other mine operators would object to preparing statements for the Congress because they didn't get proper attention--, "They (the Congress) may not read them but do 'Weigh Them'!"[END OF I N S E R T ]I figured if I could make them understand it, Icould make anybody understand. The annual reportswill explain what I'm talking about.GT: What about your English training at the university?Does anything stick out about it?CW: No, we had to take the Freshman English course. And78
   CLARK L. WILSON #2strangely enough I think--I never even thought about it--I think the gal's name was Debra Steelman or something like that. But there again the thing Iremember and I mentioned it earlier sometime, was that one quarter we had to write an autobiography of a relative and then we had to write a biography. And unfortunately I don't know whatever happened to the autobiography, but I think I still have the biography, which I tried to find.GT: What about the training in other areas? Were you required to take history, world history, or European history?CW: No history. One of the university stories that I've written up is this "John Henry affair." Shows you how seriously we took a business school accounting course. We thought the professor was a big, dumb Swede, and later on we figured he was a pretty smartSwede because I'm sure he knew what was going on all the time, but I think he decided why fight it. He'd been through this engineering experience all these many years. So, I don't recall I learned very much from that. Sometime or other we'll talk about being a messenger boy and this sort of thing at the bank and of course learning some basic simple accounting type stuff there. Besides accounting, we had a course in79
   CLARKFO:CW:L . WILSON #2economics.Did you like the course?That was a pretty good course. Again, we were lookingat it as something we had to take, but we got something out of that. But one that was the interesting one was the law course, and that was taught by "Black Acre" Jensen because in the cases studied it was always Black Acre versus Brown Acre.FO: Yes.CW: And of course, we were told about Jensen by our peersso we carried this on. And did any of you ever meet him or know him? He was a tough looking guy. He had sort of forbidding           and he was as sober as a judge. He just wasn't a likeable personality. We went in there knowing we didn't like him, and we knew he didn't like us the first day we met. That's the way this course started. He'd find out who the A students were, and, boy, he'd get them up on the floor and really work them over. The outstanding event with Jensen was that every year in the spring the lawyers played the medics football. The engineers would come over and try to break up the game, mainly, by stealing the ball. The year I was a senior we went over there en masse. Here was old "Black Acre," and he had a ball in his left arm and a ball bat in his80
   CLARK L. WILSON #2right arm. He walked over to us and he said, "Okay engineers. Come on and get it." Well, he called our bluff. We didn't [laugh] bother him. [laughter] Butsitting here today, I can't tell you that I learned a heck of a lot in economics or accounting or law, butI probably did.FO: It's hard to differentiate just where you learnthings after a few years.CW: Well, for instance, when I was hired by New ParkMining Company an immediate project was patenting mining claims, and of course the Senior and Senior law firm was the great one to handle the legal work. So all of a sudden I was thrown into a meeting with W. H. H. Cranmer, the president of New Park, the attorneys Clair and Ray Senior, and Lincoln G. Kelly, who was then the head of the Kelly Accounting Firm-- he and his older son, Spry. My job was to give them an ore reserve figure in tons and grade in the mine because in those days we weren't allowed percentagedepletion as I recall. We had to use cost depletion. [INSERT]DEPLETIONAs a mine is a wasting asset, provision must be made by owner or lessee for the return of the capital out of operating profits. The depletion for New Park Mining Company was to be based as an expense each year based on the development cost of the mine81
    CLARKL . WILSON #2divided by the tons of ore mined in any one year.[END OF INSERT]"Little old Clark Wilson" was telling these"guys" who had been in the business a long time how many tons of ore there were in the Mayflower Mine and what the grade of the ore was. The beauty of it was that we could change that every year as we got more information. But the point was, that I must have picked up a little something from the U. of U. courses to be able to get in there and perform. And I was never criticized. When I look back, "I thought I didn't know anything," but I probably knew alittle bit more than all of my peers who were wanting to get that information.Now is it still the same Mr. Senior who lives over onButler?Yes, he was the younger one. Clair Senior was the "senior". Of course, their father was a bit dead at that point. At least I never knew him.I see.What about the social life at the university? There were sororities and fraternities. Were you involved in that?Well, I was never the social type, even in highFO:cw:FO:GT:CW:82
     CLARK L. WILSON #2school. My activities were more with the fellows doing things. For instance, weekends in high school being in the band, we would play for football games. Of course in the basketball season we did quite a fewnight basketball games. Generally the engineers were not fraternity men. They just didn't have time to spend in a fraternity, and so there wasn't any use investing in it. Most of us all lived right in town anyway, so we didn't need to live at a fraternity house. The result was that I just never dated. In high school, I got into the ROTC, and as an officer we went to the Cadet Hop, so I probably had four orfive dates all the time I was in high school. The university, I never had a date until my the senior year. (The rest of the tape is blank.][END OF TAPE]83
    THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. CLARK L . WILSON ON AUGUST 14, 1986, AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. THE INTER VIEWERS ARE DR. FLOYD A . O ' N E I L AND DR. GREGORY C . T H O M P S O N . T H E P R O J E C T I S T H E H I S T O R Y O F M I N I N G I N U T A H A ND THE HISTORY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. [THIS IS PART OF THE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #3.]GT: Let's see, as I recall, Mr. Wilson, we were visiting about your educational experiences in the last interview and wanted to move forward to talk about your first assignment upon leaving the University of Arizona. How did you go about getting a job, and where did you land?CW: Well, things were a little tough in those days, but I had some summer work (1936) at the Utah Copper Company in the geology department. As I recall things were pretty dead when I got my masters (1938), but I was able to be accepted again at Utah Copper. I guessit was the fact that I had been there and they knew me. Basically, the geology department consisted of sampling programs that directed where the mining operations would be conducted. Since it was a large tonnage, uniformly low-grade operation, the sampling wasn't all that much of a problem from the standpoint of accuracy because it all evened out at approximately 1 percent copper. What we would do each morning--incidently we had to be there at seven to punch the time clock. There was a train that left the84
   CLARKL . WILSON #3office area about eight o'clock that more-or-less serviced the pit. We could ride that and get off wherever we needed to go to work. Some of the bosses would ride to check on what was going on. We would get off in an area where we were going to sample. We would string out a one hundred foot cloth tape anddrop sacks every ten feet, then go back and take a grab sample across the ten feet and take enough of the rock to be representative of what that ore or waste might assay in copper, gold and silver. The samples were all numbered, bundled up, thrown on an ore train, and the train would eventually end up down in the yards near the office. Brakemen would throw them off, we'd pick them up, take them over to theassay office, and they were on their way. Once a year the engineering department would actually run a survey of all the levels so that they would have an up-to-date "push-back" of what had happened year to year. Using their survey stakes, we'd go out and set up a transit, have a survey rod up on the top of the bank and one on the toe of the bank. rt was really rather a boring thing because all that happened was that the geologist would have the map from the year before and he'd say, "Well, up ahead there ought to be a fault, or up ahead we've got a contact or some85
   CLARL . WILSON #3other item pertaining to the geology." We would move all the geology back as the level moved back into the mountain. As you can tell I wasn't very excited about this type of work as it was no real challenge. Les Brecken, who was then the head of the department,knowing that I had been to the University of Arizona and done the microscopic analysis of rocks and minerals decided that they ought to have a study of the igneous rocks or let's say any type rock whether it was sedimentary or igneous by making thin sections that were examined through the microscope determine the nature of the rock and describe the particular occurrence. I also made polished sections of any ores that were encountered in this particular sampling project. What I did was pick a churn drill hole that was on the south side of the pit. It was on "F" level, and the samples went down to a depth of 1165 feet. I began on R level, where the barren rock existed, take a sample on each level down to the churn drill hole, and then I took a sample every tenfeet out of the material that had been collected down to the bottom. If there were any metallic ores, I would make a polished section. I made the thin sections of the rock, identified the rock and described the minerals. The information was plotted86
    CLARL . WILSON #3on a plan map of the pit for thirty surface rock specimens and twenty-three specimens from the drill hole. He also had me write a report on the geology of the Utah Copper Mine. Of course it wasn't anythingreally new. Most of it had been written and rewritten, but this was sort of a summary of geological information to that date. Incidently, in my files I have a copy of reports. It was rather a dreary existence in that department, but after all it was a job. I learned how inefficient the labor was. I was able to buy my first car.GT: We're talking 1938?CW: Thirty-eight-'39. The report is dated September 15,1939.GT: Thirty-nine, okay.FO: Tell us what was the first car you bought?      W ell, i t was a secondhand Chev coupe. I suppose i twas about a '33 or something like that. A fellow by the name of Fernley was the cashier of the First Security Bank in Bingham and was a friend of my father's. I knew the son, who was working in the engineering department. As I recall he decided he wanted a new car, so I picked up the old one. It was a pretty nice little car. I had it when I went to Park City, so I must have driven that thing for four87
     CLARK L . WILSON #3or five years in addition to the time that he did. I wasn't actively out promoting another job, but I was sure on the lookout. As I had mentioned earlier, myfather being at the National Copper Bank had met some of the Utah mining people. Of course Captain MacVichie, a National Copper bank director, was the one who'd given me my first mining experience out in Nevada.FO: Would you spell MacVichie's name for us?CW: Well, it was M-a-c V-i-c-h-i-e, Duncan MacVichie.FO: Duncan MacVichie.CW: A Canadian by birth. One of the customers of the bankwas W. H. H. Cranmer. Harry, as I recall, was born in Texas, and was trained as a geologist. Had spent considerable time over in Colorado, and had become a mineral examiner.A mineral examiner is an employee of the Federal Government, and his expertise is used in the process of patenting a mining claim. Mining claims by law can be fifteen hundred feet long and six hundred feet wide. When a prospector went out and made a discovery of mineral on the surface he would determine that the fissure ran, let's say, east and west or whatever the direction was. He would probably claim three hundred88
    _. ---------------------E.xtralateral rights of a      mining claim.he owner of a ining claim on the surface outcrop of a ·ein has "extralaterq.l rights" to mine ore down the "dip''of     vein even if it projects at depth beneath another owners claim staked on the surface.portal,_Underground mining terms.
   CLARK L . WILSON #3UNDERGROUND MINING TERMS89
   CLARKL . WILSON #3feet on either side of the discovery hole, and at either end of the discovery line (fifteen hundred feet) he would run two lines at ninety degrees, which would be three hundred each way. This would end up as a parallelogram fifteen hundred long by six hundred wide. The locator must then file the location notice in the countyrecorder's office. As long as a person does his assessment work every year, a hundred dollars per claim, and files a notice with the county, he can hold on to his mining claim. Of course a claim can only be located on federally owned ground. You don't go out and locate on the state of Utah ground or private property. You must then decide that you probably have mineralization that's worth trying to obtain title to that mining claim. The procedure is to prove mineral, and by that it means that you have to have a sample from the claim that looks like it's mineralized and has an assay that will·show that there are mineral values in it. In those days it didn't have to be very much. You could have a trace of gold and maybe .023 ounces of silver, and of course if you're lucky enough to have a 0.1 percent of copper and maybe a90
 CLARKL . WILSON # 3little lead and zinc, that was a pretty good show on the surface. Then you made your application to the U.S. Government for the patent. Sooner or later the mineral examiner hadto come out and see where the claim was located, sort of check on the general geology and determine that, yes, there was mineral or there was expectation that you could produce mineral. With that you had to have your lawyer provide an abstract of title and eventually you received a patent on the claim. I really don't remember andI don't know that I ever heard why Cranmer came to Salt Lake. Apparently he met Dad through the National Copper Bank. Cranmer also met Joe Featherstone, a mine promoter in town here who was in touch with two or three of the mining companies in Park City. A fellow by the name of Charlie Moore was an inveterate mine prospector in the Park City Mining District and over to the east above the little town of Keetley. He had mining property above the Park Utah tunnel. Charlie had organized three mining companies. One was called the Park Galena Mining Company, the second was the Star of Utah Mining Company,91
 CLARKL . WILSON #3and the third was the Corporation.[INSERT]They had a few patented claims in each one of theseextensive mining claims. They had one extensive mining claim survey number, M.S. 6810. There must have been thirty or forty claims that had been surveyed twenty or thirty years before and had been maintained by assessment work all these years. Harry became interested. The old Park Galena Mine had beena pretty good producer over the years. It had actually been discovered where the creek ran across the vein and exposed the ore. The old-timers went down the hill several hundred feet and drove a tunnel into the mountain to cut the ore vein, sank an inside shaft, which is called a winze, and got down to fifty or sixty feet. This required hoisting ore to the tunnel level so they moved down the canyon several thousand feet and developed what they called the Park Galena Tunnel. It was the main access into the mine until the Mayflower Tunnel (eight hundred foot level) was completed in 1939. They were able to mine some ore directly above this Park Galena Tunnel level. After that area was mined out they had to start sinking an underground shaft (see definitions and92Mayflower Mines
     CLARKL . WILSON #3diagram). Technically both the Park Galena and Mayflower Tunnels are adits (only one entrance) . The adit was driven into the footwall of the vein so that the shaft would be in solid rock, not ore. The Park Galena fissure dipped at about eighty degrees fromthe horizontal. The fissure was striking (running) more or less east and west and the dip was off to the north. A winze was sunk in the ore and as the ore was mined, some of the ore would have to be left to protect the winze. This first winze went down to the three hundred foot level and they drove a cross cut from the shaft at that level to intersect thefissure. This ore tended to rake to the west away from the shaft with depth. They started another offset winze farther west on the three hundred foot level which in the long run was a terrible mistake as it required two underground hoisting plants and the ore and waste from below the three hundred foot level had to be handled twice before reaching the surface. ore and waste from below the three hundred level was loaded into mine cars, hauled to the winze, hoisted to the three hundred level, trammed across that level to the main winze, hoisted to the tunnel level and hauled through the tunnel to the outside ore bin. Economics were such that they had to do what they93
 CLARKL . WILSON #3did. That number two winze went down to the 450 foot level. The ore chute kept raking to the west, so they ran an incline winze right down the fissure. They were mining a little ore as they went. The result wasthat they had a very expensive operation from handling the ore several times underground. They actually built a concentrating mill right there at the portal of the main adit that was long gone before I became associated with New Park. Charlie Moore had a tough time to keep the operation going. In looking through the old Park Galena records we found invoices for advertising this stock in the Police Gazette. The advertising was for the sale of shares of Park Galena Mining Company or Star of Utah Mining Company or Mayflower Mines Corporation. Charlie did have the right idea in the long run that there should be a lower tunnel which would be on the eight hundred level of the Park Galena Mine and the portal would be to the southeast and lower down the mountain where access would be much better. With the money that he raised selling shares of Mayflower Mines Corporation, he started the Mayflower tunnel at the eight hundredfoot level of the Park Galena Mining. It was about eight thousand feet from the portal to where they estimated they would hit a Park Galena Fissure at94
    CLARKL . WILSON #3that depth. The direction of the "tunnel" started at about S 65-70° W. He drove the tunnel about fifteen hundred feet and the 1929 stock market crash apparently was approaching because he decided that he would then turn the "tunnel" northwest and try andpick up the northeast extension of the Park Galena fissure system as it extended to the northeast. His theory was that perhaps he could make some money if he could find some ore as he went along. He drove in there about one thousand feet on this northwest direction, and the 1929 market crash came. You could still see if you could get in there, where the size of the tunnel became a lot smaller as financing became difficult. He intersected the fissure at about three thousand feet, made a left turn and started following the fissure system to get underneath the Park Galena Mine. Well, the trouble with that was that it ended up being a crooked sucker because he'd turn every place where this little fissure would wiggle. He got into some zones where the ground was very bad, and it was wet. The timber support in there was really something to see. When I first showed up there, they had these eight-by-eight-inch Oregon pine timbers, one right next to the other, because the ground was so heavy. In fact, one of the jobs that we95
   CLARK L . WILSON #3had to do was to go through those zones, pull that old stuff out and enlarge the cross section and putin new timbers to provide room for efficient transportation. When Harry Cranmer showed up in Park City he decided he wanted to organize one company and get rid of the duplication of corporations. New Park Mining Company was born May 2, 1932. I have a set of NPMCO Annual Reports from 1938 and some charter documents through 1963 that document the physical andfinancial history of the company.Fine.CW: Harry knew that he had to get Charlie Moore out ofthe "act". One of the properties that New Park had was called the Flagstaff, that was on the west end of the New Park property. If you've driven up through Park City to go to Bonanza Flat, you may recall a divide separating Park City drainage from Bonanza Flat. To the east and up the hill you can see a little building there. It might even still have a head frame. That is the Flagstaff. It is way up on the top of everything. Incidently, history says it was the location of the first ore shipments from the Park City District. Couldn't have been very much, but at least it was there.FO:96
 CLARK L . WILSON #3GT: Now, was it at the top of Bonanza Flats? The west endof Bonanza Flats?CW: As you go up the from Park City to Bonanza Flat, youget up to the ridge where you drop down into Bonanza. Just as you drop down if you look to the left maybe a thousand feet or so to the east, there's probably still a little building up in there.GT: Okay, I see where you're talking about.CW: So what Cranmer did was convince Charlie that he ought to form a new company, the Flagstaff Bonanza Mining Company and lease that shaft and some mining claims from New Park. Where Charlie got his money from I don't know. The deal was that he'd go up there and operate his own prospect. Incidently, he did some work there. As the engineer for New Park I used to go up there and visit the property to see what he was doing. He had an old gasoline engine that operated a hoist, with an one-half inch cable. It went over a sheave wheel in a little head frame with a bucketattached. The bucket was three feet in diameter and four feet deep. We had to stand on the rim of bucket hanging onto the cable and go down about threehundred feet. We were let down on the hoist brake, which was all right. It was a smooth ride. But when we got ready to come up it was a different story. The97
    CLARK L . WILSON #3blooming engine was a one cylinder affair. When they threw the clutch in, it would go bump-bump-bump as the cylinder fired. Finally, it would gain speed and be a smooth ride, but if you didn't know about thatfirst ca-bump, why maybe you were left there on the level. It wasn't too pleasant but interesting to remember. They used to send me up to check on "old Charlie" to see what he was doing. He was a little tiny fellow and quite ancient. He didn't go into the mine anymore. I remember one day I said, "Well Charlie, we're writing a report on this place. Now, tell me what you know about_ it." So he started walking around on the surface, and he had little piles of rocks all over. I'd say, "What's this one?" Well, he'd say, "That's right over such and such a drift underground." So we mapped all the rock piles on the surfaces just for the heck of it. Then we'd walk somewhere else, and he'd say, "Now this over the winze going down from a particular location underground." And the guy was right. I don't know how the hell he did it, but he really knew where things were.FO: That takes an ability.CW: Well yes, he'd lived in these mines all his life youknow. He sank the vertical shaft down three hundred 98
 CLARKL . WILSON #3feet, and as I recall drifted between eight hundred or a thousand feet to the north, and then started another one of these inclined winzes, down thefissure. It was a tough thing to do, and of course he never really found anything. I asked him, "Could you prepare me just a little story on what you've done here?" So he fixed up this letter that said, "You know I have one shaft that's three hundred feet deep, and then I have so many feet of drifting. Then I have so many feet of incline." Then he says, "I have about six hundred feet of just 'pesticating' around." I thought that's about the best way that you could describe it. Well, getting back to the Mayflower, Harry knew that this work at the Park Galena was not going to be the future of the mine. He had interested some Eastern investors in the New Park Company;Callahan Lead Zinc Company, which was a big operator out of New York, with mining interests in the Coeur d'Alene, Idaho District. They put some money in New Park by purchasing stock. They said, "We agree that the Mayflower tunnel has to go ahead." The ore was being shipped on a milling contract to u.s. Smelting, Refining and Mining Company (USSR&M Company) in Midvale. New Park was hauling ore out of the Galena Mine upper workings, trucking it down to the Keetley99
    CLARK L . WILSON #3loading station at the Park Utah Mine where it was, loaded on the Union Pacific R.R. and shipped to Midvale, Utah. Harry kept saying, "I want to finish that Mayflower tunnel." This was before I got up there, but I've heard the story from him. He finally did interest USSR&M in advancing money for the driving of the tunnel to intersect the fissure, and they were paid back by a percentage of the proceedsfrom ore shipments. U.S. recognized that this area had some real potential. A fellow named John I. Kosteler who was a little ahead of me in school was sent up to New Park. In fact, he actually lived in a little house at the Park Galena and was still there when I moved up there. U.S. also had some property of their own that was off on the western extension ofsome of the Park Galena-Mayflower fissure system that they were looking at through the Star of Utah tunnel (owned by New Park), which was on the same level as Park Galena but off to the northwest. I got to know these U.S. fellows awfully well, not only Johnny as a neighbor but his supervisors, who were the ones that we had to sit down and negotiate milling contracts with. You know that's a tough business because they're going to get everything they can out of that ore, and we've got to get everything that we can out100
 CLARKL . WILSON #3of the ore milling contract. I know they were sort of looking at the time they were going to foreclose on New Park and probably take the property. The lastloan was made along in the summer of 1939 for this last drive, and money was getting pretty tight by the end of the year because the ore production from up above was really down to zilch. About a day or two before Christmas, the Mayflower tunnel intersected the eastern extension of what was first called the Park Galena-Mayflower fissure because of the Mayflower tunnel. Later on we just dropped the Park Galena, and so it's now known as the Mayflowerfissure. It was a beautiful ore body. If they'd hit it twenty or thirty feet east of where they did, they would have said, "All we've got is an old wet fissure in a piece of igneous rock." Of course they probably would have drifted on it a little bit and found the ore. As it was they hit the ore right on the very easterly end. From then on it was a mine, and it was one of the most successful mines in my lifetime andin modern-day mining history. [INSERT]The Mayflower tunnel was driven in the igneous diorite porphyry rock and quartzite for the first three thousand _ft. At that point the tunnel intersected the northeasterly extension of the Park Galena-Mayflower Fissure system. This was in the days101
 CLARKL . WILSON #3of Charley Moore and the Mayflower Mines Corporation Charley decided to follow the fissure, no doubt figuring that it would guide him to the area of the Park Galena fissure at depth and he also hope to find some ore while driving the tunnel. It was a logical decision as far as prospecting the area was concerned but it resulted in a crooked haulage tunnel and much of it had to be heavily timbered because of the looserock and some water.[END OF I N S E R T ]FO: Who were the owners?CW: Well, it was a public company. Harry Van Sinderin andhis group with the Callahan Lead Zinc Mining Company had some stock. There weren't any real big blocks other than that. I really don't know why they pulled out, unless they received a good price and needed the money. They had properties in the Coeur d'Alene, Idaho District that they were operating. Tintic Standard Mining Company, Eureka, Utah, bought theirstock and the elder Jim Wade was on the New Park board for quite a few years. In my research on New Park I haven't come to the point where that stock was distributed. I suppose later on we'll find out.The Mayflower fissure was dipping about eighty degrees, to the south standing almost vertical. It varied from six to ten or fifteen feet wide with banded ore, vertical boards of Galena (lead), Sphalerite (zinc) and quartz and pyrite (iron sulfide). I could bring you some pictures to show102
 CLARK L. WILSON #3that. Of course there was quartz as a gangue mineral, which was worthless, but was one of the things that the Lord put in there in his distillation of minerals. Every round that was blasted was ore that was shipped outside. The fissure was wide enough thatit made a good transportation tunnel by itself. You might say that January 1, 1940, was the day that New Park really began to be a profitable mining company. We drifted on that structure on that level in ore I suppose for a thousand to fifteen hundred feet. It would widen, and it would narrow a little bit, but it was just a beautiful ore body. The other great thingabout it was the mineral content in Park City Mine ores was really known as a silver, lead, zinc camp. The ore in Park City proper was deposited in sedimentary rocks. Park City limestone was the favorite rock formation. There was a cool temperature in Park city Mines. The Mayflower ore body was in theigneous rock that was solidified from a molten magma and the diorite was warmer than the sediments. The Mayflower ore was deposited under warmer conditions than the Park city ores. The result was that we had a gold, silver, lead, zinc, and copper ore body. We would get ores that would assay .75 to 1 percent copper, which was unheard of in Park City. Park City103
 CLARK L . WILSON #3had never been a gold or copper camp, so the combination made a very nice ore.FO: How much gold was in it approximately?CW: Well, I'll bring you some ore production statisticsthat will show that over a period of a year we were probably shipping ores that would average better than one-quarter ounce of gold per ton. The silver would be five ounces per ton. Lead and zinc combined were 12 to 15 percent. The mineral values were even better when we got into the Pearl fissure. Some of that ore was loaded into one ton mining cars underground onthe 1020 foot level, brought eight-hundred feet over to the shaft, hoisted to the eight hundred tunnel level and hauled clear out to the surface. We would get enough of those cars stockpiled in one shift so that we could load out one railroad car. We had to have between forty or fifty tons, and that would be shipped as a separate lot because those higher gold and silver copper ores were purchased on better contract terms with the smelter and New Park received a higher return. We spent some time and money getting the ore outside, but it was really worth it to get the higher return. The gold would assay one ounce a ton or better! There are two fissure systems. One is to the north of the Mayflower fissure system. It was104
   CLARK L. WILSON #3called the Pearl from the claim named the Pearl(probably someone's girlfriend). It turned out to be the high grade copper-gold fissure, although there was some copper and gold in the regular Mayflower ore.GT: I was just wondering what kind of water problems you had.CW: The Pearl fissure was quite a fracture zone with water in it, and these igneous rocks were altered to form a very gooey clay. When they reached that zone and blasted the round, it covered the tunnel trackand ditch for a hundred feet or so. They couldn't go straight through it, so they had to make a little run-around to get past this bad spot. One of my first jobs was to survey for straightening the tunnel· through that zone. Incidently, the miners who were working there to straighten this out kept telling me, "Look fellah, you don't know where you're going. We're never going to hit that tunnel on the other side." And I'd say, "Well that's what the transit says," and of course it was right; so was Wilson! But it was interesting how these guys had no trust in the engineer's equipment and perhaps the engineers! They were farmers from Heber and Kamas. They didn't believe in us would-be young "experts" who were just105
 CLARKL . WILSON #3out of school. But anyway we made a good connection. The original drive got around that obstacle and hit the Park Galena-Mayflower fissure. Later on (1941, plus or minus) we connected from that Mayflower tunnel level up to the old Galena Mine by running araise. On the six hundred level we decided we ought to take a look at the Pearl fissure to test it for mineralization. Being the geologist and an engineer, I'd told them the minimum distance we had to go, and it could be anything beyond that. As I recall I told them five hundred feet. The crew had to crawl up two hundred feet of ladders to get to work everyday and crawl back down. That crosscut went through one ofthe hardest chunks of igneous rock that I have ever seen. It was just like it was pure quartz. Apparently it was a segregation of silica within the igneous magma that solidified, and why it was so siliceous I don't know, but we were getting pretty discouraged because of the slow progress.[END OF S I D E ONE]cw: At about six hundred feet we intersected a fissure--anice little pod of ore. The only trouble was it went up about twenty feet, went down about fifteen feet, went about twenty feet each way, and that was it. Well, we weren't very happy. By that time we had sunk106
    CLARKL . WILSON #3the Mayflower shaft below the eight hundred foot tunnel level, and I suppose we were down two or threelevels. We drove our levels at 110 foot vertical intervals, so we had a 910, 1020 and 1145. At 1020 we decided we'd go out to the Pearl again, and we hit this beautiful banded Pearl fissure ore. That was the life of that mine years after the Mayflower fissure sort of "petered" out. Those structures were interesting because the mine operation followed them for thousands of feet horizontally. As the mine got deeper the fissure narrowed, the rock temperature and costs increased and the mine closed December 31, 1972. The bottom level was the thirty-two hundred. If I were to draw you a plan map so you could see what I'm talking about, north is at the top of the paper and the Mayflower fissure was striking running east- west and the Pearl was out here about five hundred feet north of the Mayflower. The Pearl fissure system was striking N 70° E and was followed by the Mayflower tunnel which caused so much rock support trouble. In the long run the Pearl was the "life support" of the company for many years. In the 1950s the industry suffered through the problems of metal prices going "to pot." Fortunately we had the gold and silver to help us--and copper, while the rest of107
 CLARKL . WILSON #3Park City District was closed a couple of times. I'll document this history for you. We were able to stay open because we had these better ores and betterrelationships with our employees. The other mines, Park Utah and Silver King, had been there forever. Their's was "old style" management with bitter fights between management and labor that weren't conducive to much in the way of concessions from their employees. Harry Cranmer had experienced tough economic times, and he appreciated what some of the men had to go through who worked in the mines. He'ddo his darndest to try and negotiate reasonable labor contracts. In fact, one year the three district companies wanted to negotiate all together. This included Oscar Friendly for the Park Utah and Jim Ivers, Sr., for Silver King. They were both pretty tough cookies. I recall that Paul Hunt also got in on the Park Utah negotiation. We had a joint district- union-company negotiation one day in Paul Hunt's office in the Continental Bank Building. We attended. And between Paul Hunt and Jim Ivers who didn't talk very much they just took over. I could see Harry sitting there fidgeting, wanting to do his "own thing." I remember we got out of there and walked down the street and Cranmer said, "Well, that's the108
    CLARK L. WILSON #3last time I ever negotiate with those birds." We had better employee relationships and economics to work with. We had more money than they did. There was no reason why we should shut our operation down because the other two couldn't afford to do what we could do. Who was the first person you mentioned that was-- Oscar Friendly.And then Ivers.GT: CW: FO: CW: FO: CW:GT:Yes, James Ivers, Sr.And the third was?Paul Hunt was with the Park Utah. Oscar Friendly was the president of the company and Paul Hunt was their manager who lived at the Park Utah Mine at Keetley.From then on we would do our own negotiating just for New Park Mining Company.Let me take you back just a little bit. Before the day's out and before we leave the discussion of Kennecott, I'd like to ask you a couple of questions about your time there. Were there geologists on the staff that you worked with that were memorable people, talented, that you learned something from even though you were just basically doing geology work? What about the technical staff, the engineering staff that was at Utah Copper?109
 CLARK L . WILSON #3CW: Well, in the first place, the mine was its own unit.The mills were their own unit. And not only were they their own units, but they were physically separated, located at Magna. So we never really had anything to do with the concentrators which is what they were called. Other than once in a while somebody would make a mistake in sampling the ore, and a shovel might be in waste all night. Finally, they'd find itout when it was all crushed and going through the concentrator. So all hell would break loose, and the whole geology department would be out sampling the next day. Up at the mine they had an engineering department, and about all they did was keep track of the change in the levels. Each year they'd make an annual transit survey and prepare a new plat of where the toe and the bank of the levels were. Between the geology and engineering department they calculated an ore reserve every year. But that was a simple thingin a situation like that because they knew how much had been shipped this last year, and had more assay information from ore production that could be used. The mine had a "jillion, million tons" anyway, so they knew it wasn't going to run out. It wasn't a very challenging affair you might say.110
    CLARK L . WILSON #3GT: Are there any personalities that you recall fromthose days that stick out in your mind?CW: Well, of course in the geology department Les Breckon was the head of the department. He was a trained mining engineer. Incidently, it seemed like he and his friends were always out prospecting in Nevadasomewhere. They had a little something on the side, trying to make a go. The other real professional geologist was a fellow by the name of Jim Marsh. I think both of those fellows are dead now. Jim was the geologist under Les. Those two didn't like each other, but Jim was the one who would actually go out and do the mapping of the geology. Russell Anderson was another geologist who's also gone. We had another fellow who was really just a transit man. He was a fellow who graduated from high school and started working on the transit. When we went out to map geology, Jim would have the map from the prior year, and there would be the transit man and two rodmen,one at the "toe" of the bank and one at the top of the bank. I was one of these. The engineering department surveyed the toe and bank of each level every year and put survey stations along, so all we had to do was set up on their station. Having the engineer survey record, Jim would have the map and111
 CLARK L . WILSON #3he'd be wandering along the toe. He'd look at the map and say, "Well, there ought to be a fault about fortyfeet ahead." He'd walk up there forty feet, and sure enough there was a fault. It was there last year, and it was there the year before. So all we did was movethe geology back. There's no challenge to that. GT: Sure.CW: We knew before leaving the office what the geology would be. If you had about two or three years of maps, you could just project the information. Itcould be done in the office. But this kept us "busy."So what did I learn? Not very much.FO: And that was pretty frustrating to you.CW: Well, yes. The big problem I mentioned before was inkeeping busy. When you were just a sampler, you knew that you were only going to work half the day. And yet you had to be there at seven in the morning to punch in. We got off at three. If we were going to go up on the hill to sample, we would ride the "crummy" train that didn't leave till eight, so we just laid around for an hour. We cleaned the sample sacks the day before. We would get on the train, ride up to where we were to sample, take a few hundred samples, throw the sacks on an ore car of the train there, and go back to the "bull" room of the geology department112
 CLARKL . WILSON #3at eleven-thirty so we could eat lunch because the long-term employees wanted to go downtown and play"Pan Gini" (poker) during lunch time. In the afternoon we would pick up the samples from the train yard, bring them in to the assay office, clean the sacks, and be ready to go out the next day. That was not a very interesting geological experience!GT: Are there any other individuals you remember from that town that were associated with Utah Copper operation that stick out in your mind?CW: Well, Kay Landenberger, who is dead, was a U. of u. graduate. He was in the geology department for quite a while. He might have also been in the engineering department. He would have been a logical man to move up in management. As I recall, those moves were so slow that I don't believe he really got into a very top position. I believe he did leave the geology department and go into operation as a level foreman. His wife is still in town, Gwen Landenberger. She lives in an apartment on Second South and Seventh East on the southeast corner. You might call Gwen. She's quite a gal, quite an extrovert. There was another fellow from back East that was in the geology department. I can't remember his name. He and I weren't very friendly. I guess the problem was that113
 CLARK L . WILSON #3he wanted to be sure that he was the guy that moved up in the department, and of course I always feltlike I would like to. All of this frustration in early 1940 left me in a situation of needing a change. When the Mayflower tunnel hit that good ore body W. H. H. (Harry) Cranmer realized that they were going to need some permanent engineering and geological help. They'd been handling it with the surveyor and his helper from the Park Utah Mine atKeetley who would come up about once a month to map the drifts as they were advanced. New Park always had accurate base maps from which to run the operation. E. A. Hewitt was the Park Utah geologist. They called him "Cap." I suppose it was something left over from the armed services. Cap would come over about once a month after the surveyors had surveyed the outlines of the drifts. He would plot the geology. Frankly, the Park Utah style of mapping in those days wasn't a very sophisticated process. But at least it showed where the fissure was, what the rock was, and the staff knew where to go for another geologic objective. I came on the scene A pril 1, 1960. Incidently, this Callahan Lead Zinc group that I mentioned realized that New Park needed a geologist and engineer full time. Cranmer had met me through my114
 CLARKL . WILSON #3father. I'd been up there on an underground field trip several times, so he knew my background. How my name was suggested I really don't know. But anyway in February 1940 when Van Sinderin and his Callahan Lead Zinc crew were in Salt Lake, they had a board meeting at Hotel Utah one evening. I was asked to come down, and I was interviewed for the job as engineer and geologist. I can remember them asking, "Do you know how to sample?" "Well, I sure know how to sample. Isure know how not to sample too." "Do you know how to survey?" "Yes, I sure know how to survey and I've mapped geology." I'm not sure that I was overconfident in that session, but I was taken on as the resident engineer and geologist, meaning I lived up there with Harry Cranmer in a small house at the Park Galena Mine. It was very important that they had all the prior Park Utah help in mapping workings and also the geology. As soon as I could I got our own engineering equipment organized and I hired an assistant, Phil Pelton, and we were underway. We were fortunate we had all the old survey records from the Park Utah records. We kept up the engineering and geology. Cap Hewitt came over about once a month for a year while I was breaking in on this situation, but eventually I took over the whole thing as the115
   CLARK L . WILSON #3engineer and geologist, starting out with hiring one man and eventually hired a full-time geologist and a full-time engineer. I probably had the best opportunity of any young engineer in those particular times, at least in Utah, to get in at the start of a really blossoming, producing mine and to not onlystudy the everyday geology developments but to participate in the expansion of a new mining operation. This is documented in the annual reports that I will donate to the library. We had to have a bigger compressed air plant because we had more mine workings. Later on we had to develop a pumping system and expand it with depth. All of these things meant more power and service plant. We had to have a bigger and better timber shop for ground support. We had to have a better mechanical shop for taking care ofdrilling machines, forging the drill steel and maintaining all the surface and underground mechanical and electrical equipment. We had to have a bigger and better change room for the crew. We decided we better have the Union Pacific railroad extended from Keetley about a 1.5 miles. We had to coordinate our surface plant on the Mayflower Mine dump to get the railroad in. We had to build a tipple to get the ore from the mine cars into the railroad116
 CLARK L . WILSON #3cars. We had to build a heating plant for the various buildings. We had to build a new road from the mine down to Highway 40. The old one corning in from Keetley was inadequate and inconvenient. Everything that a young guy would ever want to run into in a brand new mine, we had it! When it came to powersupply, we were hooked on to an eleven thousand volt line. With all the plant equipment we had to install forty-four thousand volt power. We had to negotiate with Utah Power and Light to bring that into a big substation. We had to get the power underground. Taking it through that mile tunnel was tough because it was a safety risk having a high voltage cable there in the first place, just physically, and also the loss of power in transmission was an added expense. Based on the experience of other mines in the district, we got a contract for a cable tool[rig] to drill a fourteen inch hole from the surface at the Park Galena tunnel portal to the Mayflower tunnel underground; approximately eight hundred feet.A cable tool machine is built to alternately raise a heavy bit (five hundred pounds) and allow it to drop in free fall, fracturing and grinding the rock in the bottom of the hole. The resultant mud is117
 CLARKL . WILSON #3bailed out of the hole and the hole cased with eightinch pipe.There is no real control of the direction thatthe hole may take as the drilling is affected by the geology of the rock. Fortunately this was in uniform igneous rock but there were numerous fractures and fissures. The driller did have equipment to check the direction and to maintain the desired verticalalignment with wedges.I knew that the Park Utah Mine had drilledsimilar holes so I contacted Oscar Friendly, president, who was quite a character and asked him how they did it. He said, "Well, I devised a geophone. " I asked, "What' s a geophone?" He 'd obtained two doctor's stethoscopes and attached a geophone to each of the four rubber hoses that conduct the sound to the ears of the two observers.These geophones were a little circular metal box three inches in diameter that had a diaphragm in it. It could pick up sound that came through the rock.The location we chose was to have the hole on the tunnel level between the Pearl fissure drift and its intersection with the Mayflower tunnel. This would require a two thousand foot power line from the surface transformers to the underground hoist, air118
 CLARKL . WILSON #3compressor and ventilation fans versus six thousandfeet through the Mayflower tunnel. It was also a much safer route to transport high voltage.As the hole bottom approached to within hundred feet or so of the tunnel level the thump of the bit was quite noticeable, but it was impossible to tell whether or not it would miss the tunnel and the Pearlfissure drift.Using the geophones, the observer would placethe two phones at arms length horizontally on the rock in the tunnel or the Pearl fissure drift and adjust their position so that the sound of the bit was equal in each ear. This meant that the bit was at a right angle to the line connecting the two phones. In surveying this is called "triangulation." By doing this in the Mayflower tunnel and the Pearl drift we could plat the direction of the maximum sound on a map and the intersection of the two lines was the location of the hole. We knew the bit was close to the tunnel level and the sound was scary. We did determine that the hole wouldn't come into either underground opening and stopped the drilling at the tunnel level. We drilled one six foot long hole from the tunnel and intersected the hole. WE WERE DAMN LUCKY!119
    CLARL . WILSON #3The hole could have come in on top of the tunneland would have been a small disaster as the tunnel would have been out of commission for awhile to build a support for the pipe liner and replace power and compressed air lines. All of these developments thatcame along provided a new engineering experience.You must have enjoyed that immensely.CW: It was very interesting and a challenge. Forinstance, getting back to the patenting of the mining claims project. The company had literally dozens of mining claims all over the southeast Park City Mining District area. The Federal Government required a "show" of valuable mineral to patent the claim and receive title to the property. I would direct George Pitts, our cat operator, to "Dig along in here." In that igneous diorite porphyry rock we could generally find little fractures through it and perhaps a little pyrite (iron sulphide). I would take the samples toour assay office at the mine and ask Harry Walch, our assayer, to "squeeze it," meaning for him to see what metals could be found such as gold, silver, copper, lead or zinc. He would come up with 0.001 ounce of gold and perhaps 0.1 ounce of silver and a trace of up to 0.03 percent of lead, copper or zinc. This was in the days when the government was a bit lenient onFO:120
 CLARKL . WILSON #3issuing mineral patents to legitimate mining operations. It was prior to the land grab activity of the present day that has been going on and was prior to using mining claims for cabin sites. I would assemble the assays and invite the mineral examiner to come up for a visit. He was a practical mining man and a nice guy. We would wander out into the hillsand he would say, "Now tell me, where was your best assay?" The roots of weeds, bushes and trees would go down into the cracks in the rocks and give good brownish color similar to iron staining but I wasn't always sure that there any metals until an assay showed it to have mineral. Fortunately some of the samples were taken in the Mayflower tunnel. There were good exposures there of course that he could examine and occasionally I would actually get fairly good mineral assays. The result was we probably patented more mining claims in that era than any other mining company in Utah, because the government agents knew that ours was a legitimate mining operation, it wasn't a fly-by-night promotion. It was a successful mining company. We were trying to do the right kind of job and it worked out very well.GT: How long were you involved with the New Park Mine operation?121
 CLARK L . WILSON # 3CW: Well, I started there April 1, 1940, and I left April1 , 1960.GT: You had a twenty year career there.CW: That's right.GT: Now, the years that you've been talking to us, wereprimarily the years of 1940 to 1950? CW: Yes.GT: So, they were the War years.CW: Right.GT: World War II. Did you have any trouble gettingmaterials?CW: Yes, on powder and timber but were assigned quotasbecause of the need for lead and zinc and copper. We ran into the problem of men leaving for the service and everybody having to work a little harder to still produce and try to maintain the development because if we didn't do that we were spending our bankroll, depleting the ore reserve and not having anything to replenish it. We were always trying to use all the modern mining methods and equipment we would get, anything that was new. For instance, one day Harry called me and said, "I've got you a new drill." And I said, "What is it?" The Swedes "had come over", and they had what they called a "jack leg" drill. You're all familiar with the jackhammer?122
     CLARK L . WILSON #3FO: Yes.CW: We used a drifter1 which was1 you might say, ajackhammer mounted horizontally on a vertical three inch diameter column. It was a bigger "animal" than a jackhammer. It was fixed to the column with clamps. This was a big steel bar that would extend from the "back" (the roof of the opening) to the "floor" and an eighteen inch horizontal bar attached at a right angle that could be adjusted for height. It would drill the horizontal holes. We had a stoper that you might say basically was a jackhammer, but it had a leg and a piston that could go down into the ground and push the machine up into the "back" of the working place to drill "up" holes. Some of that was pretty bloomin' heavy equipment. The Swedes came up with a very light weight affair that could be usedfor holes in any direction. One miner could manage the machine. The Swedes actually came over and volunteered to come up to the mine and try it out and demonstrate in any working place. So we were the first ones in Utah to have a Swede machine. One of the expensive chores was the task of having to haul all the drill steel outside to forge (sharpen) the bits and haul it back into the mine, then take it down the shaft to working places. It was a hell of a123
 CLARKL . WILSON #3job. Timken came up with a detachable bit. A piece of drill steel was threaded and the bits were threaded. We would take a piece of belting about ten inches square and belt on short threaded plugs then screw the bits on them. A miner could carry enough along with him to the work place to take care of the whole shift. At the end of the shift the dull bits were brought out for resharpening. We had a hot milling machine that would sharpen the bits for return to the mine.That must have upped production tremendously.GT:CW: It certainly did and reduced expenses. Anotherimprovement was packaging the timber that had to go in the mine. Instead of hauling long pieces of timber in, we were letting the outside crew cut it to size. We standardized all our timber sets. We would band them and send them in. If a miner wanted a "drift set", it came in as a banded package. Same way with timber for the stapes.GT: Was that something that you developed or your people developed that concept? Were you pulling that from what somebody else had done somewhere else?CW: Oh, I think a lot of it was from other people. Anything that came along new would generally be written up in the manuals. Or just in talking to124
     CLARKL . WILSON #3other operators and by going to meetings of the American Mining Congress every year. This is a formal organization of all the mining companies in the United States. We paid to join. They would haveannual meetings around the country. We had them here in Salt Lake, San Francisco, Denver, and Las Vegas, always in this Western Mining Country.Did you attend during the war?FO:cw: Oh, yes. Cranmer and I were the only two from New Park that would go because he was one of the elder statesmen in the mining and I was the young operator who really needed to go to the meetings. Not only that, but we met so many people. I remember later on something would come up and Harry would say, "I wonder who would have something like I heard about?" And I 'd say, "Such and such a company. " "Who do we know there?" And I'd say, "I know so and so." He'd say, "How do you know them?" I'd say, "I meet them at the Mining Congress," but I was also very active in the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers and became a local officer and then became a national officer. You go to those meetings, and, hell, I met people from all over the country. Now I read these things in various mining publications. Of course I don't know the newer generation because I125
 CLARK L. WILSON #3don't go to the meetings anymore. The information was easy to get if you'd just made it available to yourself. In fact, I got to the point where I was writing the Mayflower story. I wrote one article forthe Mining World magazine that was in two issues on the Mayflower Mine. I've got the second one kicking around somewhere, and I've lost the first one.GT: Now, I was checking on those. That's one of the journals you were asking me about.CW: Yes, that's Mining World, yes. I'd sure like to find out.GT: I think we've got that. I had somebody looking that up, and there was one other journal that you asked--CW: Well, I have an article that was in the Mining Congress Journal. This was published by the American Mining Congress. As a young engineer I'd write the description of what we were doing, and it made a real good record at the time. All I can say is that I had a real opportunity and took advantage of it. With the new mine many mining people would flock in not only to sell stuff but to come and visit and see what we were doing. For instance, the Colorado School ofMines had a spring mining trip every year, and they'd come to the Mayflower Mine. We'd put them on the man train, take them into the mine, run them around, take126
 CLARKL . WILSON #3them down and feed them lunch. In fact, later on, one of those guys, when I was near retirement from ARCO, ended up being my supervisor at Tucson. His name isBob Lynn. So its sort of a small world. When I first went up to New Park there were a lot of shareholders from Provo. They'd come flocking up to the mine after the shift left at four o'clock--men and women. Thesegals would come up there in good shoes and good clothes. We didn't have many rubber boots to put on all of them. We'd generally make them wear a hard hat and a rubber coat and put them in a mine car.GT: Send them in.CW: I'd run the motor in. There would generally besomebody else to help me, so we would "herd the sheep" from the front end to the back. Why we didn't have some trouble with those people I don't know. All these journalists would come up and want to see it-- write the thing up you know. It was such a broad cross-section of mining techniques. At the time I guess I really didn't realize--r don't know if I did or not--how lucky I was to be there, but it was a real great experience.FO: What about the conditions for attracting labor? Obviously you had a surplus in 1938 and a short supply in '42.127
    CLARK L. WILSON #3CW: That's right. Our Annual Reports commented on thelabor situation. Cranmer in his letter to the shareholders would say, "We're supporting the War effort." He was very patriotic. He was an infantry captain in World War I, so he was right in there. He said in annual reports, "Shortage of labor is causing us troubles, and we have to do more work in training." As a result of that, I think we were probably the only mining company--well I don't know about Kennecott--but among smaller mining companies of Utah that actually hired training consultants. We had a fellow from the State of Utah, Ted Arbon to start with, who would come up and visit with us and have training sessions for our supervisors in the methods for handling people to encourage efficiency. Later on Cranmer hired an ex-Park City unionpresident, Bart Frantz, as a safety engineer, and later on Earl Smith as personnel and safety supervisor.[END OF TAPE]128
    THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH MR. CLARK L . WILSON ON AUGUST 14, 1986 AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. THE INTERVIEWERS ARE DR. FLOYD A. 0 'NEIL AND DR. GREGORY C. THOMPSON. THE PROJECT I S THE HISTORY OF MINING IN UTAH AND THE HISTORY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. [THIS IS PART OFTHE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #4]CW: Bert Frant was a long time miner in Park City. He was a very vocal fellow and quite a union leader. Harry was the kind that always sort of was for the underdog because I think he had some underdog days in his life. I wasn't too happy when I found out this fellow was coming over. He turned out to do a pretty goodjob because he could at least interpret for us what the problems really were and how he thought we ought to handle them, and we'd settle the problem. The State of Utah had some consultants during those times, and a fellow, Ted Arbon, would come up once a week and hold a class for supervisors. Then later we actually hired a personnel man. He was our full-time personnel man, and we developed him enough that he could be a safety man. He would start by going around with us and later on by himself. So I would suppose that we had about as well rounded a group of supervisors from the standpoint of professional and practical people. All the shift bosses of course werejust practical miners. FO: Sure.129
 CLARK L . WILSON #4CW: They were guys who really knew it from doing it. Irealized that I was right when I said I had to get a job in a mine through the summer of 1935 when I was going to the u. of u.FO: Yes.CW: We had to know what a day's work was to be able toknow whether the employee was producing it or not. I would say it was just a broad cross-section of everything you needed to know in any corporation,even though we weren't all that big. FO: I see.CW: And we even tried all the incentive programs. For instance, we had what they call the "contract system in mining." From our cost accounting on each working place, we knew that over periods of, say a year, that there is going to be so much labor goes in there, and so much timber, and so much explosives, all this sort of thing. We knew how many feet of development workwas required per ton of ore mined. The result was we could say, "Well, the normal figure is, for instance on drifting, might be ten dollars per foot." And so if these guys can make fifty feet a day, that's fifty bucks a day. In those days wages were only about five bucks per hour.GT: Sure.130
    CLARK L. WILSON #4CW: So we would say, "Well, now if they can up theiradvance by 20 percent, then look at the bonus they can make." They got pretty smart at this. They knew what was going on. We even did this in a stope. When it's empty, it's just like a room. So twice a month, on the fifteenth and thirtieth, two of our engineers that I had would go in and measure all the active development and mining work places. The drift was easy. We had a survey spad in the back (ceiling) and they would measure the advance (distance) . In the stope, they would measure the width, the height, the length, and figure out the cubic feet of ore removed.Incidentally, the mine had a "They'11 Do It Every Time" cartoon on the change room bulletin board. I've got this, and I'll bring it up for the record. There are two views of two miners working in a stope. (The picture is a bit crude, but you know it's a stope.) The miner on the machine is talking to the other fellow in the stope and he says, I've got five thousand cubics this time," meaning about five thousand cubic feet. Next picture shows these two engineers holding a tape measure. One engineer says,"They've got about five thousand cubics." The other engineer says, "That's too much. Put down two thousand." (laugh) This was always the old fight131
    CLARK L. WILSON #4 CARTOON,,"They Will Do It Every Time"..-· I1\\ I I\i!it!i132
 CLARK L. WILSON #4between the miner and the engineer who was measuring.FO: I see. It was the accuracy of the measurement.CW: Of course in a drift or in a raise, something likethat, it was right down to half a foot. FO: Of course.CW: In an open stope, where the walls were all sort of jagged, the engineer would say, "Well, the average width here is about such and such. The average height is this." You might short them a little bit this time, but the next time they would pick it back up. Of course they were guaranteed their day's wage. If they don't do enough work, why they still received their day's wage. To start with, these miners were from Park City. That was the old camp. But as the Mayflower developed, there just weren't enough people available. So they started coming up from Heber City. The Heber "boys" had all been good workers. They had never belonged to a union in those days. They'd been out on the farm, with horses and cows, working hard. The only problem was they were all interrelated. There were about four families that started Heber, I guess, and so we had to be careful of that. I had to laugh on one occasion. There was a fellow by the name of Bob Parker, who was the accountant at the mine133
 CLARK L . WILSON #4when I showed up. I'd known him in school. Down at Keetley proper (on the highway) there was a smallservice station at the Fisher ranch. Fishers had the service station, a little store and three or four homes. Bob Parker lived there. This Fisher family was an old stand-by there not only at Keetley but in Heber. Ford Fisher, the son, was running this place, and he actually worked for us too. I had to go down there after work one day, and Ford was behind the counter, serving beer or whatever. Bob Parker was sitting there. He had walked over from his house tohave a beer. A young kid whose name was Walt O'Toole- -a nice young boy worked for us. Bob started complaining about certain people at the mine in no uncertain terms--including Walt in particular. What Bob didn't know was that he was talking to Ford Fisher, the kid's uncle. I can tell you that Bob Parker didn't last very long in that job because the locals made it so tough on him. I guess they went to Harry Cranmer and complained, and so Bob was a fatality. We had to watch this pretty carefully.GT: How many people in, say in 1945 or 1944, would you have had working in the operation, total? Do you recall?cw: Oh, I suppose maybe a couple hundred. 134
 CLARK L . WILSON #4GT: Big payroll.CW: Yes. After the War years, metal prices were low andthe mine economics were getting pretty tough. We had to shut the mine down September 1957. Just couldn't make it. Some of the shift bosses came to me and said, "We'd like to take a lease." I said, "Well, howin the heck can you make the thing go in there. We can't." They said, "Well, first place, they would pick the men." There would be no union. They would just pick the men. So I asked, "How are you going to operate it?" They said, "A few of us who are bosses will form a committee and we'll manage it." I asked, "Where are you going to get your material?" And they said, "Well, look. You've got a bunch of timber sitting out here. We know you've got powder tools, and things. We'll just buy them from you." I said, "Well, do you think you can really run it?" "Oh yeah, we'll have this committee and we'll run it." So I went to Cranmer--and at the time we had an attorney,labor attorney from Salt Lake who had been the attorney for the unions, so he knew both sides pretty well.Do you remember who he was?GT:cw: we went to him with it, and he said, "I'll look it upand see what goes on." After checking, the lawyer 135
 CLARKL . WILSON #4said, "Well, sure you still got a labor contract, but if this other group wants to organize their own lease, you can sign the lease with them asindependent contractors, and if they can handle any problems with the union--why okay." So that's what we did. Those lessees really started to work. For a month or so they didn't buy any powder. They didn't buy any timber. They didn't buy any tools like shovels and wrenches and things like that. Well, I won't say, "they didn't buy any," but for the ore they were starting to put out, they were buying very little bit in the way of supplies. As it turned out, and of course we sort of knew this all along, miners had these supplies stashed away here and there in the mine. They had an extra wrench behind a timber. They had a shovel somewhere. [laugh] They did have to buy powder. They didn't have that much to continueoperations. Then of course, eventually they had    start buying these materials from the company. They'd ship the ore on our contract, and we'd split it at whatever the royalty agreement was 60/40 percent (40 percent to the company). They started out, as I recall, by cutting their wages a little bit, and then after a month, if they were doing good, they'd raise them fifty cents an hour. If it wasn't so good, why136
     CLARK L. WILSON #4they'd cut them fifty cents an hour. Well, this arrangement was going along pretty well for a couple of years. Then all of a sudden their arrangement began to deteriorate, so I got to checking on it. It turns out that some leaser would say, "Well, thatson-of-a-bitch is giving the advantage to his brother-in-law or his cousin or something like that." And that's what broke it down.It's the inbred families in the Heber Valley.CW: Right, and of course, all the time the union was picketing these leasers down on the highway at the entrance to the mine road. I think it was mainly, as I recall, Heber people who were coming to work. Of course it was the Park City miners that were doing the picketing. But it worked pretty well for quite alittle while.FO: How long? A couple of years?CW: The lease began October 1957 and continued for twoand a half years with an average of eighty-five lessees working.[INSERT]It was during the late 1950s that the foreignproducers of lead and zinc were importing us "to death" and instigated the formation of the Emergency Lead-Zinc Committee in Washington, D.C. IGT:137
    CLARK L . WILSON #4participated in the committee hearings held before the Tariff Commission in D.C. and left New Park, April 1, 1960, to assume the job of chairman in D.C.FO: Okay, fine.GT: That's interesting.FO: I think that this is a good stopping place. Thank youvery much.[END OF T APE]138
       FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. CLARK L . WILSON ON AUGUST 2 1 , 1 9 8 6 . WE'RE RECORDING IN THE MARRIOTT LIBRARY, ECCLES ROOM. THE INTERVIEWERS ARE DR. FLOYD O'NEIL AND DR. GREGORY THOMPSON. THE PROJECT I S THE HISTORY OF MINING IN UT AH A N D T H I S I S THE FOURTH S E S S I O N WITH M R . WILSON.[EVERETT L. COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #5]GT: As I recall Mr. Wilson, when we stopped last time, we had just reviewed the War years and your involvement with an aspect of Park City mining. We'd like to pick up the story from there to begin on. I believe that you had described for us the attempts of a lease group to run the mine after your company had closedit down. That had failed. I don't know how much further we'd gotten on that, but maybe that's a good place to start.FO: That is a good place to start. I think you said in your concluding remarks that you felt that the failure had come largely because the lessees were not quite prepared to handle the personnel problems theyhad within the group.CW: That's right. It was a closely knit group ofintermarried families in Heber that were principally operating the mine. There might have been one or two or three from Park City, but those two towns, of course, didn't mix very well on a social basis.[laugh]139
     FOLLOWING I S ANINTERVIEW WITH MR. CLARK L . WILSON ONI N THE MARRIOTT LIBRARY , DR. FLOYD O ' N E I L AND DR. THE HISTORY OF MINING INGT: As I recall Mr. Wilson, when we stopped last time, we had just reviewed the War years and your involvement with an aspect of Park City mining. We'd like to pick up the story from there to begin on. I believe that you had described for us the attempts of a leasegroup to run the mine after your company had closed it down. That had failed. I don't know how much further we'd gotten on that, but maybe that's a good place to start.FO: That is a good place to start. I think you said in your concluding remarks that you felt that the failure had come largely because the lessees were not quite prepared to handle the personnel problems they had within the group.CW: That's right. It was a closely knit group of intermarried families in Heber that were principally operating the mine. There might have been one or two or three from Park City, but those two towns, of course, didn't mix very well on a social basis. [laugh]2 1 , 1 9 8 6 . ROOM. THEWE'RE RECORDING INTER VIEWERS AREAUGUSTECCLESGREGORYUTAH AND T H I S I S THE FOURTH SESSION WITH MR. WILSON.THE PROJECT I STHOMPSON.[EVERETT L. COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #5]139
     CLARK WILSON #5GT: Where did you go from there? Did you stay involved with that group?CW: Well, yes. Actually, my term with New Park was from 1940 to 1960. The mine would keep having its ups and downs based on metal prices. Metal prices on a large part were affected in a major way by the amount ofimports of lead and zinc that were coming in from these foreign countries. I mentioned that during the War, United States technology was exported to countries that had the resources but needed our "know-how." When the War was over, these people still wanted a part of the world market. Not only did they want to be shipping concentrates, which was the crudeore that's been concentrated so the grade is high enough that it could be shipped to smelters; the foreign producers wanted to have their own industry's share of the world metal market, and we couldn't blame them for it. The result was that the lead and zinc industry on several occasions had requested and obtained hearings before the U.S. Tariff Commissionin Washington D.C. The thrust of the argument was that the U.S. needs some imports because we don't furnish all we need domestically, but we certainly don't want to have our industries victimized by excessive imports. In a separate submission to you140
 CLARWILSON # 5folks, I'll have a record on the number of times the domestic lead-zinc industry did go before the u.s. Tariff Commission. The leaders of the industry, more or less centered in New York City, would process an application to the United States Tariff Commission and show that the U.s. mine operators themselves around the country were having economic troubles. We would present our "story" at a commission hearing andtry and get a tariff recommendation to protect our industry. As a result, in Utah, from Park City we had the Park Utah Consolidated Mines Company and the Silver King Consolidated Mining Company and of course our New Park Mining Company. Silver King and Park Utah were the old original operations. They're equipment was antiquated. Their methods were not all that modern. They were just sort of the old styleminers who hadn't really come up with some of the newer methods. In the case of New Park, we were a brand new mine in 1940 so we had all new equipment. Our manager, Mr. Cranmer, was very outgoing and trying to do everything he could to interest employees in working, not so much longer, but harder and more efficiently; and the result was that New Park could do a better job of mining than these others. Also, we weren't spread out as much as these141
 CLARKWILSON # 5older workings that had--for instance, the Ontario Drain tunnel in the Park Utah Mine that was about four or five miles to get in to the ore production area there. We only had a mile. Then there were deep shafts that accessed those other mines. We at New Park had some human relations advantages. I rememberCranmer was very interested in insurance programs for all the employees--life insurance and also health insurance that was contributory. The staff had a retirement plan. We were actually trying to train employees to be better workmen and through a State of Utah program to teach people how to manage people. We had some mine working places located underground where we would have an expert miner take on a greenhorn and show him how to set up a drill-- whether it be in a drift or in a stope, how he should place his drill holes, how he would do the blasting, all those kinds of things. We had a very activesafety program and hired a safety engineer. He knew the business of safety in the mine. The State of Utah had a training program for leadership. There was a fellow by the name of Ted Arbon from the Provo office of the Utah State vocational part to the mine. Hewould come and sit down with our supervisors from the shift bosses on up and discuss management methods and142
 CLARK WILSON # 5how to handle people, this sort of thing. This was a new off-shoot of World War II where industry had to go out and grab a bunch of folks and make supervisorsout of them. I'm pretty sure that the Mr. Ivers, Sr., of Silver King, and Oscar Friendly in Park Utah looked down their nose at Harry Cranmer on things like that because that wasn't the way the old-timers did it. They just went in there and slugged away at it and hoped that somebody learned something. But I'm sure that the things we did were very helpful in our having a more efficient crew than the other operations.GT: Mr. Wilson, was there an active feeling of competition or resentment or envy among the three groups since you were the new kids on the block? Did you feel that feeling?CW: Yes, I think there sure was. Mr. Ivers, I guess, was the second generation--his father having preceded him in Silver King. And young Jim Ivers--I call him young--he's my age--was trying to do things a little bit more modern, but it was pretty tough with those old Irish foremen and shift bosses and the fact that Ivers, Sr., wasn't fluid about changing ways. Paul Hunt at Park Utah wasn't quite that old, but I'm sure they were more or less wed to the way mining had been143
    CLARWILSON # 5done for fifty, seventy-five, or a hundred years. Harry Cranmer belonged to the Utah Mining Association through the New Park Mining Company membership. He began having me sit in at some of those meetings, andI could just tell from sitting around with all these older, senior people that they weren't just all that friendly with Harry. He was the one that would come up with some new idea, and there were all kinds of reasons why that shouldn't be and why it wouldn't work. So yes, there was a "little" feeling that here was an up-start who hadn't been in the business all these years and probably just didn't know all there was to know about it.GT: Did you have to offer more in wage money to attract your miners, or did the new facilities and the adventure of a new mine draw the people to your operation?CW: The union generally negotiated "district wide" for all the terms of the contract. I think I mentioned before that Cranmer was rather unhappy sitting in with these other people. Of course we had a better mine, a more efficient mine, and this attracted new employees.FO: More profitable.144
 CLARK WILSON # 5CW: Right, but weweren't trying to break the negotiations up by pricing other companies out. I may have mentioned this incident before. One time we were meeting in Paul Hunt's office in the Continental Bank Building. At that time the Anaconda Company had the big interest in the Park Utah Consolidated Mines Company and ASARCO had the big interest in the SilverKing. We were an independent "small stockholder" company. C. J. "Jay" Parkinson, who was a graduate of the law school here, had been in the VanCott law firm, and had serviced the Anaconda account, then_gone East as an Anaconda attorney. He was, I suppose, executive vice-president at this time under Mr. Weed. Jay was with the VanCott law firm to start with when I first met him here in town. When we would have these joint negotiations, Jay would come representing Park Utah that was controlled by Anaconda. At this particular meeting in Paul Hunt's office, Jay opened the contract book and just started going through it, paragraph by paragraph, reading it and commenting onit. I can still see "Old Harry" Cranmer sitting there itchy wanting to participate. Finally, we adjourned at noon. I don't recall whether we were going to meet again or not, but I remember walking down the street, going to lunch. Harry said, "Well, I'm never going to145
    CLARK WILSON #5negotiate with those birds again." And he never did. From then on, we were our own negotiator of our own contract. I'm sure that what we as New Park did more or less determined what was going to happen to the district because the other companies were certainlygoing to have to meet the competition. So yes, we were sort of a new boy, independent in the town, you might say.FO: Mr. Cranmer sounds very interesting. Do you think that the new style that came into labor relations in the immediate post-War period had grown out of the shortage of labor during the War?CW: I think there is no doubt about it. In some of his comments in the stockholder's letter, for instance, he mentions that we're having troubles with labor because people were being drafted. They're going into the war effort, so we're just having to do a better job of recruiting. And of course, that's why the training program. We really had to.GT: You didn't have a "rustling line" out in front like you used to, so if people came along that were interested, why you had to say, "Okay, we want you, and we'11 put you in the training program." This is the way you developed the new employees.146
    CLARK WILSON # 5FO: Do you know where most of those new employees camefrom that were harder to get during the war? Were most of them rural folk?CW: Well, Heber was the big supplier. We were only five or six miles from there. New Park had started out before I had joined the company, with the old Park City miners who would gravitate from the Park Utah at Keetley up to get a job with us. As things got alittle busier, why naturally folks from Heber startedcoming up there to look around.FO: How active was the Federal Government involved inattempting to help you solve the labor problems?CW: As I recall, there was a Utah State labor pool or something of that type. I'm sure they referred people to us. One of the things that happened I'd say maybe a year or two before the War ended was that thefederal government was starting to furlough miners to get back into the mining industry. The only trouble was a lot of those folks were from coal mines back East, and a coal miner and a metal miner are two different breeds. If you get underground in a metal mine and have a little "heavy ground" and the timber starts popping, you know that it means the ground is moving, and you don't get all that excited right away. I haven't been in very many coal mines, but I147
 CLARKWILSON # 5understand that when things start popping, you get the hell out of there because something is going to develop. So again, understanding the naturalconditions was the reason for some of the training programs. I recall that we had several women that came up from the Price area who worked the coal mines there. We might have had ten or twelve all together that went through the process at New Park, but there was only one or two that stuck it out very long.FO: There was an effort by the Federal Government to bring to the coal mines a number of Mexican nationalists. Did you ever get any?cw: No, we had a couple of Mexicans in the mine, but they were local Utah people. There weren't very many of those.FO: They were not nationals; they were just local residents.cw: That's my impression.FO: They spoke English.CW: Oh yes.FO: Usually the nationals did not.cw: We had one fellow. Gee, he was a big guy. I supposehe was over six feet tall, and he must have weighed twice as much as a normal man. He was a good miner. we called him "Big Joe." In some of the annual148
 CLARK WILSON # 5reports I' 11 bring around, you' 11 notice we have little cartoons. One is a cartoon of Big Joe. So if you got the right guy in the Mexicans, why you had a good employee.GT: Of the years that you were with New Park, twenty years, what was the most difficult labor situation you went through on contract negotiation, or what sticks out in the labor end of the business to you as the most difficult time?CW: Of course it was tough while we had the lease going on. It was tougher on the lessees than it was on us because they had to go through the picket line down there on the highway every day. There were relatives and friends and neighbors that were in the picket line. Generally, we would negotiate with the union, when the other companies weren't particularly interested in doing it, and figured out some way to come to a settlement. Because after all, a mine can stay shut down only so long. You've got to do the normal maintenance, things like that. You just don't want to dissipate your salaried staff and then have to build them all up again. So I think in the long run, I sometimes thought maybe Cranmer was a little too easy with the unions. Yet looking back, it was a matter of we just had to do what we had to do to keep149
    CLARK WILSON # 5the place going. And overall, I think we came out inpretty good shape.FO: Sounds like it. As historians, of course, we'realways interested in questions like these. Looking back on it now, do you think your labor was overpaidin those years compared to the national economy?CW: No, I would say that they were underpaid compared tothe work ethic at that time.FO: I think most of us would agree with that.CW: And of course we were just starting in this area ofbenefits for the family. In my case, of course, being a staff person, I guess it was a little different. We had a life insurance annuity type policy with bankers. When things got tough, why the company would have to stop it. And soon as things picked up again, they'd start another one. The result was that when I retired, I had two different bankers policies that were converted to retirement. I'm still getting those. I would suppose that some of those miners may have had some insurance benefits but they've fallen by the wayside now. One reason I take the Park Record and the Wasatch Wave, which I call the "Washout Wave" [laugh] for good reason, is to keep track of these people. For instance, I was reading it today, and they had a big family reunion over at Snyder's Hot150
 CLARK WILSON #5Pots. There is a letter complaining about it because whoever reported it had the wrong name for whose party it was. Also it was reported that somebody died, according to the paper, and this person didn't die. I'm getting off the beat a little bit [laugh]. They had an unusual reporting day, didn't they?Now, I've forgotten the gist of what I was supposed to be talking about.We were talking about labor and the conditions of it. The compensation, of course, was that the era betweenGT: CW:FO:CW:FO:1945 and 1952 was an era of very heavy strikes in the United States. You seem not to have gone through thatin your company.We certainly didn't have that tough an experience, because we generally would just get in and negotiate and do something that we could all still live with. Now, the Great Depression had produced workman's compensation, and it had produced the unemploymentinsurance. Do you remember the attitude of the company towards the fees that it had cost them to maintain these two systems, the labor taxes?Well, first place, rather than going with the Utah State Insurance Fund, we carried ours with the Pacific Employers Insurance Company.I see.cw:FO:151
     CLARK WILSON #5CW: And at least we had the efficiency of a privatelyFO:owned company administering those benefits. They also provided inspection, although sometimes we wondered if their inspector was all that smart, but if he wasn't, we "learned" him how, you know. We took care of it. Cranmer realized that employees had to have a life of their own, be taken care of, and I can't recall that we ever really objected to it. Of course, we'd argue with our insurance agent, "Is that rate the thing we really have to pay?," because we were looking for nickels and dimes. But he was a prettyforward looking man.Tell me a little bit about the background of Cranmer. Where was he from?CW: Well, I thought maybe I'd mentioned that before, but I'11 do it again. He was born in Texas, but he'd spent time in Colorado. I would suppose that's where he got his interest in mining. He'd come over here(Utah) in the late thirties and become acquainted with a mining promotor who had his hand in Park City in the old Park Galena Mine. Cranmer went up and tooka look and got interested in it.GT: Where in Colorado did he come from, do you recall?cw: Oh, I really don't. I know he knew something aboutCripple Creek. I suppose that was one thing that he 152
 CLARK WILSON # 5and my dad had in common when Harry happened to meet Dad there in the National Copper Bank. I suppose thatis one of the things that led him to ask my dad to serve as the treasurer of the company is because he knew he was a man with mining experience. I think I mentioned that before too. In Colorado, I believe it was, Cranmer became a mineral examiner for the u.s. Land Office. If you have a mining claim location you wanted to patent, you supposedly have to prove thatit has mineral.FO: Minerals in it, yes.CW: Of course, our Department of Interior, under acertain congressman from Arizona (Movdell) tried to make it "commercial mineral" meaning nobody would hardly ever patent a claim. Anyway, after the miner did some digging and got some assays and showed that he had at least worked at it, the mineral examiner would come and check it. In the case of New Park, we had a man from Salt Lake who had a good economic mining geologist background, and he knew that we were a good company. We covered some of this earlier on. For instance, I took him in the Mayflower tunnel. some of the claims we wanted to patent covered the tunnel. In that tunnel we could find little, narrow fissures with pyrite and quartz and occasionally a153
 CLARK WILSON # 5little galena which is the lead sulfide and sphalerite, the zinc sulfide. That means there is mineral. When we had that much of a mineral "show", compared to some of the miners or promoters, that would have an assay like .0001 ounces of gold, why it was sort of an easy process to proceed with the patent proceeding. But that's really how Harry becameinterested in mining. I can remember him telling me about a mine shaft on the south side of the Grand Canyon. Have you ever noticed the head frame west of the South Rim Lodge? As you drive west along the rim and come back, you see it. Well, he examined that claim. I remember him telling me about that one time. So I suppose he might have studied some geology in school at one time, but he really just picked it up from a practical standpoint. He was a great organizer, the great promoter, this type of thing. But he sure understood mining methods and geology. He had a hell of a temper. It was strange. I'd only been working there maybe three or four months. We had an old bunkhouse right at the portal of the Mayflower Tunnel. We didn 1 t run a bunkhouse anymore. So the mine superintendent lived there on ground floor, and he had some bedrooms upstairs. In fact, for a while, I had a bedroom there and "boarded" with them until I154
 CLARK WILSON #5moved up above into the "Cranmer" house. A Mr. Jensenin Salt Lake owned what he called the Utah Ore Sampling Company. If you were a leaser and you had a car of ore and you wanted to be sure the smelter wasn't cheating you, you'd ship this to him. He would coarse crush the ore. He wouldn't take it down to the point where you could mill it, but he'd get it downto where maybe the biggest pieces where an inch square, something like that. Then he'd run it through this automatic sampler, and he'd keep cutting it and cutting it and cutting it. He would finally come downfrom the railroad car tonnage to a ten pound sample that is taken to be representative between you, the owner of the ore and the smelter as the buyer. I was pretty green. This was the first year I was there. Jensen had a little model of this sampler, a metal model about two feet long, and he'd twist the handle, and put a little fine gravel in there, and the material would all go through and produce a small percentage of the "ore" as the assay sample. It was like having an old erector toy. I always loved that kind of stuff. (laugh] So this Saturday afternoon, I was getting ready to come back down to Salt Lake. I'd stay with my folks on the weekend. Cranmer was sitting out on the porch on a nice afternoon. I155
 CLARKWILSON # 5started telling him about Mr. Jensen having been at the mine there with his sampler, and "Oh Boy", hejust let go with a temper tantrum that was like a six-year old kid. It was just wild. I thought, my God, what's happened. The big deal was how do I get out of here. I was hatching with Cranmer at his house at the Park Galena Mine, which made it even tougher. Finally, it sort of quieted down, I said, "I'll see you Monday." Got in my car and beat it to Salt Lake. Over the weekend, I'm sure my blood pressure was high because I didn't know what to think about that experience. Monday morning I had breakfast down here and headed up there to the mine and went to theoffice. When he showed up at the office there was no problem. The situation was normal. We used an old house up at the Park Galena Mine as an office. He had a corner room, a former bedroom for his office. I had the adjoining kitchen as a map room and another room for my engineering office, so I could hear things going on through the door. Once in a while a salesman or somebody with a proposition would come up, come in to see him, and boy, if he didn't like the deal, would he ever unload on him. I felt so sorry for them. Of course, the word finally got around amongst the salesmen, "Now you might have to take a little of156
 CLARK WILSON #5that stuff, but don't let it bother you because if you can stick in there long enough that day, it will quiet down. And if you leave without having itquieted down, why maybe it won't be so good when you come back, but by the time you come back, he probably will have forgotten it anyway, you know." So, (laugh] it was one of those interesting personal traits that you just had to get used to and know how to handle it. I just felt sorry for anybody who got it thefirst time.GT: Did you ever figure out why he was upset about Mr.Jensen?CW: Well no. The strange thing was that later on we wentahead and used it. (laugh] The beauty of it was, that even though we had to pay so much a ton, I don't know what it was, maybe fifty cents or a dollar or something or other, when the car of ore then went over to the U.S. Mill, we got a credit because the coarse crushing was already done. So we weren't loosing any money.GT: Made your money back.CW: And we knew we were getting an impartial sample ofthe ore, which was not only good for us as the operator, but when some stockholder wrote and accused157
 CLARK WILSON # 5us of not knowing what we were doing, we could say,"Look, some independent outfit is taking care of it." FO: Yes. I want to go back to the labor force for just a moment, if I may. Some of the employees commuted fromHeber. Did any commute from Salt Lake Valley?CW: Oh, very seldom. We might have a floater, say from Butte, Montana or Arizona coming through. He might bestaying down here in a hotel or something like that. But in those days that road wasn't very good. That was the old Highway 40, and of course it was a toughie through Parley's Canyon. We had to drive around through the tailing flats on the north side of Park City, so it was a tough trip, particularly in the wintertime. It was a rugged deal. So if they couldn't find a place to squat in Park City or Heber, they generally didn't last very long. We actually had, later on--of course, quite a few from Kamas. We actually had one family that lived down in Orem that would commute every day. And they were darn good miners, too, incidently.GT: My father has told me about an interchange of miners between Silverton, Colorado and Ouray. In Park City did you experience that in your time? Do you recall that kind of movement going on? Or did it leave an impression with you?158
     CLARK WILSON #5CW: Well, I don't remember that we ever had big numbers.I'm sure we would have a "floater" or two. But there were so many locals that were available that a man would have to show that he was a real expert. I'm sure we'd always ask them, "Are you going to stick around or are you just going to be passing through?" Of course he'd always say, "I 'm sticking around. " I don't suppose that we were that much conditioned to hiring people like that, after we had the experience of knowing that they generally move around a littlebit.FO: If they float in, they float out.CW: That's right.FO: How much difficulty was there with alcoholism? DidCW:you ever tolerate it at all?I don't remember much about alcoholism with the day's pay fellows. We had one shift-boss--his name was Walt O'Toole. He was a genuine Irishman who lived in Heber. Of course, he was an Irish Catholic. He'd married one of the Fisher girls--the Mormon Fisher family right there at Keetley. They had three boys-- darn good boys. I guess they had a daughter or two. I'd say Walt (the father of the boy I mentionedearlier) was one of our more mature and our better shift-bosses, but he liked the bottle. Things were159
  CLARK WILSON # 5pretty good on day shift, because we had a mineforeman over the shift-bosses who was "patrolling" the mine. We had two or three shift-bosses on each shift. A mine foreman during the day, and at night time it would be just the shift bosses. We found out that Walt on night shift would perhaps make the rounds to all the working places that were his to supervise. Then he'd go sit down somewhere and nip. I can't quite recall how we went about lowering the boom, except the problem was that we had three of his sons at one time or other on the payroll, and Walt, Jr., was an excellent young fellow. He was the senior son. He and another brother went through the university here. Walt either graduated in mining or geophysics or something like that. He did quite a bitof geophysical work for us. He'd started out just working as a clerk in our office, so we got to know him pretty well. Well anyway, I finally fired the old man. I remember two of those boys, came to me and said, "Well, if Dad isn't good enough for you, why we aren't either." I said, "Well, okay fellows. Hate to see you go, but that's the way it is because we just couldn't take it." We had another shift-boss who was a pretty good miner from Heber, but he was one of those slow acting--I can say Swede because I'm half160
    CLARKWILSON # 5Swede. He just didn't have the energy and "get up and go" to really put the thumb on people. I just decided that when I took the mine over after we had had thesefinancial problems, that he was one that had to go. I guess I made a mistake in personnel relations because I remember going over to his home and giving him the word. That really upset him because I suppose the family heard what was going on, and it disturbed everybody. So I guess I learned something on that. But as I recall, those where the only two shift- bosses that I really had to discharge. The part that's sort of interesting was that when I went up there, this half-breed Indian, Frank Rivers, was thesuperintendent. He'd been a contract miner at Park City. He'd come over to the old Park Galena and worked there as a contractor, and then later on when they started operations down below, Harry made him the mine superintendent. He was one of these guys that had a lot of blarney. He liked to talk and visit and things like that. He married a little Dutch girl who was real spicy and tough. Boy, she could make up for everything that Frank didn't have. The machinery salesman would come up and want to sell this or that piece of equipment or supplies. They'd always sort of walk over to their car and then walk over somewhere161
 CLARKWILSON # 5and deposit a fifth of booze. I was temporarily living with the Rivers family and had the advantage of those gratuities from the salesman. In fact, there was a little restaurant down there at Jordanelleright on the river. This one salesman would take us down there to dinner once in a while. He'd also come up with T-bone steaks for the family and a bottle of booze. Frank was sort of a great guy, but he liked to chat, visit, and throw the baloney and wasn't all that active. So Cranmer decided to get leadership to move operations a little faster. I was still pretty young and wasn't considered a candidate for superintendent. The first one he brought in (1943) was a fellow by the name of c. M. Marquardt, who I think is probably deceased now. His widow still might be here. But "Marky", as we called him, was a great conversationalist. He talked a good storm of activity. But when it came to actually making the mine pay, he wasn't doing it. So, I guess he lasted a year or so. He started with New Park in geophysical work, and then had another year or so at being manager. In 1944 Harry brought in another fellow-- Jack Cooper. He was a "single bird" who had an apartment up at the Park Galena Mine that we had converted into living quarters. I lived downstairs,162
     CLARK WILSON #5and he lived up. He was the kind that after work would head to Salt Lake and have an affair with whichever current girlfriend he had down here. He'd go tearing up those stairs anytime from midnight on,so I sort of knew what was going on in the camp. He was a great talker, but he wasn't a producer. So he went "down the hill." I went in the Navy, May 1945, for a year, and when I came back, Harry was still looking around for the right guy. Another fellow came along, E. L. Craig, that Harry thought could be a mine superintendent or manager, but he wanted to check him out. He assigned Craig to me as another engineer to become acquainted with the mine without my knowing that Craig was a potential manager candidate. I'm pretty sure that I had an idea of what was going on, but there wasn't much that I could do about it. If I wanted to stay with Cranmer this isthe way it went. Finally, he appointed Craig superintendent in early 1945. I went in the u.s. Navy for a year and Craig was still there when I returned in May 1946. Frank Rivers had been fir.ed and had moved out of the "boarding house home." Ace Olsen, another great mine foreman had moved in with his family. Following my return from the Navy, Cranmer had told me that Craig was a "boozer" and had been163
 CLARK WILSON #5warned that one more time and he was through--theinference was that if I knew it happened it should be reported. The mine was working a six-day schedule. At the end of shift on a Saturday afternoon Ace was sitting on his front porch and we saw Craig wander over to visit. After a few minutes the two of them drove away from the dump. The next morning AliceOlsen, wife of Ace, called and asked if I had seen him. I said, "No, I haven't." I knew that they were on a binge. I felt like a "squealer" but I knew that Cranmer ought to know so I called him and told him what was going on. Cranmer fired Craig and I took over as superintendent. It was a heck of a way to doit.GT: What year would that be '46?cw: Probably the fall of '47.FO: The person who was part Indian, you say his name wasFrank?CW: Frank Rivers.FO: Rivers. And do you know which tribe he belonged to? CW: I really don't. I don't know that it was everdiscussed.FO: I see. Tell me about the relationship between themine and the state mine inspectors.164
   CLARK WILSON # 5CW: Well, I suppose some mining companies were prettyperturbed by a mining inspector. I think maybe to start with I might have been a little hostile, but I soon found out that wasn't the philosophy of New Park Mining Company. We figured in the first place that we ought to run it so it was safe. In the second place,if the inspector had something to suggest, why we wanted to know about it. This is the way the inspectors worked. The principal metal mine inspector was Vic Pet, a great big guy. He must have been six-six, and I suppose he weighed well over two hundred pounds. He'd been a good old miner, so he knew what it was all about. If some union guy had a complaint, he could just call the mine inspector's office and tell him what was going on. A day or two later I'd go down to the shifter's room in the morning to get things going, and here would be the mine inspector without any warning of his visit. He was a nice guy, and we'd talk to him. My day might have been planned on something or other, but ordinarily unless it was something very critical, I'd just put my diggers on and away we went. He'd generally tell us if somebody had complained and roughly what it was. I don't know whether he ever gave us the name or not, but you could generally figure out who it was. We'd go take a165
 CLARKWILSON # 5look at it and of course he'd have some comments, "You'd better do this or do this or do that." Of course, the orders went out right now. Do it today. That's the way it would be done. There was another one, I can't remember his name, but he was sort of alittle hostile type guy and not as friendly. So it wasn't as much fun to be with him. But I'd say all in all those guys were doing a job, and I think they were doing a pretty good job. I don't recall that there was anything that we figured was way out of line to ask us to take care of because we wanted asafe mine.FO: Do you know whether or not workers      everpenalized for reporting safety problems? That didn't happen.That didn't happen.CW:FO:cw: one of the things that came about with the union, Imentioned that Harry Cranmer was always trying to get the most advanced kinds of methods and equipment. We were doing it too with the mine inspectors knowledge. We were using battery locomotives that we were hauling ore trains through the tunnel a mile in and out. Boy, that mile in up a grade was real tough on a battery. Of course, we would have to recharge them to keep them going. The diesel engine was coming into166
    CLARK WILSON # 5vogue in some mines, and we decided it would be a good idea to have diesel locomotive. This one outfit, the Goodman Machinery Company, was sponsoring a particular diesel locomotive for underground use. We'd been using their battery locomotives. The dieselhad been tested by the Bureau of Mines, but there had never been one underground in a Utah metal mine. We got all the information and contacted the union, and said, "Now, this is what we're thinking about." They weren't bashful. They said, "You can't do it." I said, "Well, look. We want to test this equipment, and the State [of Utah] has said they are willing to monitor the test." What we did was get the locomotive there along with the manufacturer's representatives. We had a man trained to run it. We invited the union people, and of course I was there, the master mechanic, the foreman, you name it. By that time we had good ventilation because we'd connected both mines. We put a large fan up on the surface that the Park Utah engineer told me we couldn't do. We had the air flow controlled as to direction and quantity all the time, going in the Mayflower tunnel and exhausting up through the mine to the portal of the Park Galena tunnel. The fumes that the locomotive made while going in or going out the tunnel would go167
 CLARKWILSON # 5on into the mine, but they would go "more or less" directly right up the raises connecting to the Park Galena exit. We made the trip, and everything wasfine. I remember that the union president said, "You know, before this trip, I would have said there is no way you could do this." But the mine inspector took air samples going in, going out, and the union was asked to do the same thing if they wanted to. So we introduced the first diesel locomotive to be used in a metal mine in Utah. This is documented in the annual reports.Were there any deaths in the mine during your term asGT:superintendent?CW: Yes, unfortunately. Unfortunately! The threecompartment Mayflower shaft was our lifeline from the train tunnel to the lower workings. We would use the third compartment, which was the man-way compartment, and it was a little larger, as an auxiliary hoist compartment. If men had to get up and down, they used this and weren't tying up the main ore hoisting system. We could haul supplies down such as pipe, powder or anything else needed to operate the mine. When we got ready to sink the shaft again, we would have to block that compartment off below the lowest operating level, and then we would install an168
 CLARK WILSON #5auxiliary hoist below there and a cage so that we could use the compartment to sink the shaft. In other words, we could get the men and equipment down there, and the shaft would be deep enough below the working levels so that we could go ahead and start blastingin the bottom of the shaft to sink it to lower levels. Of course, we didn't blast until the end of the shift anyway so it wouldn't interfere with the general mine operations.[END OF SIDE ONE]CW: We had one of these shaft sinking operations goingon. There was our best miner by the name of Bill Beckendorf, whose family I suppose had come from Germany or somewhere like that. He was a stocky built guy, and boy, he was a good miner. He was the best miner we had. Nice guy too. And he knew shaft sinking. So we had Bill and another miner as a two- man shaft crew. The Mayflower tunnel was the eight hundred level. The shaft crew would go down to the 1380 level on the main hoisting cage and transfer to this auxiliary cage, and go on down to their working place, which I suppose at that time was perhaps the 1505 or 1630 level stations. That would be 125 or 250 feet below the 1380 level. The shaft bottom was several hundred feet deeper than the new level to be169
     CLARKWILSON # 5established. This meant that they had to come back up from the bottom in the shaft timber and drill theface of the rock the length of the shaft to start the shaft station for the new level. The station would be about twenty feet long and fifteen feet high.The crew would drill out a small section of this new station and then place timber on the outside of the shaft sets to protect the shaft when they blasted the station round. Just before the end of the shift, the "nipper", a fellow who had the powder and primers(cap and fuse) would come to the shaft crew and give them the explosives so they could blast the round. This was not electric blasting. They were using cap and fuse. The miners would load the round. Before they got ready to blast it, they would have the hoistman raise their cage up and lower it again to be sure that the shaft was in operating shape. So they did all this. And of course, as soon as they'd spit the round, lit the fuses, and it had to be with fire rather than electrical down there because of stray electrical currents, to give a better explanation consider the attached diagram and text.170
             -·7 1 " / f , ......\             ....._ I /                 ' \ / r '    -                    Fla. 4.19.- --- ---------Shaft Timbering.                 F- , ·'<-            
      CLARK WILSON # 5 DIAGRAM"Plan View of Shaft Station"171
  CLARK WILSON # 5Let's explain the operation of the cage in theshaft. It is very similar to an elevator in an office building. The cage (or elevator) is equipped with "U" shaped "shoes" on the sides of the cage that join the front and back of the cage. These shoes slide up and down on the "guides" that are attached to the left and right "walls" of the hoisting compartment and keep the cage (or elevator) centered in thecompartment.The guides in a mine shaft are "premium grade"Oregon straight grained pine measuring four-by-six- inches in cross section and are bolted in the center of the two walls of the compartment, running in avertical position.Attached is a plan view of a typical shaftstation. Also an isometric view of a three compartment shaft with two hoisting compartments, a manway and a shaft station as used at the Mayflower.Mind you the nipper had been down and gone back up on this auxiliary cage and everything was in good operational order. As explained above the guides were wood because steel would rust. We had a full six-by- four-inch piece of Oregon fir straight grain timber on either side of the shaft compartment as the guide for the cage to ride on. There was a set of steel172
      CLARKWILSON # 5shoes on either side of the cage--"U" shaped that fit around the guide timber to keep the cage centered in the compartment. The nipper had been up and down the cage within the last hour and the crew would have the hoistman raise and lower the cage just before theround was "spit" with a lighter. Based on experience, everything was in operating order. The crew spit the round, got on the cage and rang whatever it was-- seven bells to "get the hell out of there" as fast as the hoist would operate. Apparently between the time that the hoistman had done the hoist testing and the time that the crew signaled to come up, a rock had come down the center compartment of the shaft bouncing back and forth against the guides or the wall plates in the center hoisting compartment. The water draining down the shaft was slightly acid andit corroded the threads on the lag screw that was holding the bottom of one of the guides in the sinking compartment. The rock must have jolted the bottom of one of the guides in the sinking compartment and it "sprung out" so that the shoe of the sinking cage jammed into it as the cage was being hoisted at full speed. The sinking cage hoist rope broke and the cage with the men fell to the bottom, landing on a bulkhead that had been placed below the173
   CLARKWILSON # 5new level to hold the broken rock. Apparently the men and the cage received the full force of the blast.I will never forget that Saturday afternoon. I was in the shifter's change room, talking to the mineforeman waiting for the man-train to come outside. The word came out--ACCIDENT!! They gave us some idea of what it was. We immediately got two man-train cars, resuscitators and everything we could think of that might be needed. We got our master mechanic, Huck Berry; chief electrician, Ted Booth, and the chief maintenance boss along with a few others and in we went at 4:00 P.M. When we got in there, it was one hell of a mess! The shift bosses of course were trying to figure out what to do. The smoke from all the blasting in the various work places was billowingaround in the eight hundred level shaft station. We got hold of the shift bosses and said, "Okay, we need so many good guys," and it wasn1t a big bunch. I suppose all together there were only ten or twelve of us. "Get the rest of them out." So then we went down to the lowest working level that was servicing the shaft sinking operation and the recovery procedure began. Well, we didn1t get out of there until 4:oo o'clock the next day. Of course, the crew was dead--just like that.174
    CLARK WILSON # 5FO: How many?CW: Two. Two of the best men we ever had. I still get alittle "teary" just thinking about it!FO: The accidents are always the most expensive thingCW:FO:CW:FO: cw:that can happen in the mine, besides the human toll. The cause of an accident like that--has there been since that time a kind of a method of mining that would have prevented it?Well, no. In fact, using wooden guides in shafts is still--S till the standard procedure.My more recent experience is up here in Park City at the Ontario Mine of United Park City Mines Company. Sure.Mines still use the four-by-six-inch wood guides. If steel was used it would have to be an "elevator" shaft dry like this one out here in the building. In the Park City mines it's wet. The wood will stand the moisture, and the wear isn't that tough on wood as it would be if steel was used in a wet mine.Not using a shoe?Well, you still use a shoe, a metal shoe on the wood, but it will last longer because the guide timber is full four inches-by-six-inches and sawed parallel to the grain.FO: CW:175
    CLARK WILSON # 5FO: And they were made of fir?CW: Straight grained Oregon fir. You have to use the bestthere is. It's very expensive. FO: Oh yes. I know.CW: Speaking of accidents, we had another one where this miner and a young fellow who he was training were running a raise. Well, the raise had been run throughfrom level to level, and there was some ore there. The way the ore pass or chute was located, they had to go up, as I recall, maybe twenty-five or thirty feet and then started drilling upward at a steep angle along the vein to get up to where the ore was. They were working on a night shift. When they blasted, all the ore they blasted came rushing down into the chute, and plugged it at the raise. Nobody was going to work there until the next night. When they came on shift the next night they had to pull enough cars of ore out of the chute so they could climb back up in that hole. When they finally figured they could do that, they went up, and this young fellow said to his partner, "Well, I'11 crawl up in the hole and see what it looks like." He only got up there I suppose maybe fifteen, eighteen feet, and it turned out that the gas from the blast the night before hadn't escaped because the chute had been176
 CLARK WILSON #5plugged. It hadn't been unplugged long enough to provide ventilation and they hadn't blown compressed air into the raise. They should have blown the damnthing out, but for some reason they didn't. He passed out on the muck pile immediately. The miner got him out and took him down to the Heber City hospital. The shift had gone in about 6:00 P.M. and they called me about 8:00 P.M. He was taken to the Heber city Hospital. I remember the next morning I had a trip I had to take to Eureka with two or three of our people, and we stopped at the Heber hospital.            I hate to say this, but the doctors at some of those little hospitals were just not the best. As we used to say we just wouldn't want to take our dog to them because they weren't that well trained. The doctors, of course, put him on pure oxygen. On our way back from Eureka, we stopped in, and the boy was still unconscious. I got a hold of our internist in town here, Elmer s. Kilpatrick, M.D., who was a great doctor. The worst thing that Doctor {Elmer) ever did was to die and leave us alone. (laughter] He was a great guy. I explained the situation and said, "I know this is something that's'beyond the call of duty', but would you go up there and check this out." He said, "I will on one177
   CLARK WILSON # 5condition." He had some other doctor, who he thought was also an expert in this. So they went up, and it turned out that Heber hospital was giving the wrong type of gas. It was straight oxygen that not only wasn't good, but it was harmful. Fortunately, in thelong run, the boy died because he would have been just a vegetable. That was a tough one. Another one: we had two miners up in a stope on the Pearl fissure, which was our best ore. These fissures aren't simple. There can be several strands. In this case there was a great big slab of ore. By big I mean it was probably two feet thick. It had a break on the backside. We didn't even know that there was a fault break in the back. We knew there would have to be a parting between the ore and the waste, but we didn't know it had had movement on it. So he was in there drilling away, and this whole great big slab let loose. I suppose it was as big as that wall there. Itjust gently moved over, and he was gone.FO: The speaker is indicating approximately fifteen feet. CW: That's right.FO: And it just fell suddenly.cw: I suppose what happened, it moved fast enough thatthe miner couldn't get out. There he was. Fortunately178
   CLARK WILSON #5there was only one man. Could have easily been the two of them.FO: Was it a wall, tipping inward?CW: Well, bottom of it was actually resting on loose ore.We called it a cut and fill stope. You take a cut of ore out, and then you put fill in with waste rock to support the walls. We would have to get rid of our development waste as fill and it would stabilize the whole stope below the working place. We kept an ore chute and manway running up through the stope for access from the level below. So this ore was really resting on the waste. Something had broken up above there. I suppose the blasting had shaken it up. Ordinarily we wouldn't get a big chuck like that. It would be little pieces broken by the blast. It was so big that when they tested the wall, they didn't get that hollow sound that tells the miner that there is a slab that he better get in there and take down.FO: Yeah. Sounding didn't indicate it. It does not seem as though your accident rate was very high there.CW: I don't remember the details of our experience rate, but I know we received an award from Pacific Employers Company, our industrial insurance carrier, for our safety record. Of course, that was not awarded like a prize down at Safeway. It had to be179
   CLARK WILSON #5according to the rules of the insurance trade. we sure did the best we could. Again, I mention we had safety meetings with our shifters and their crewsonce a month right there in the mine. We'd sit around at lunch time, and one of us would go in and sit with them just to answer questions or whatever. We had safety meetings in connection with the shifter meetings we had once a month outside--get the bossesfrom both shifts and go though safety procedures and experience. We did everything we could. We had a trained oxygen-helmet crew. I went through it along with the rest of the men. We had a short drift in the hillside outside. We would block the entrance, burn sulfur candles in there and go in there and experience the smoke using the safety helmets. We'd have to come out and shovel snow or rock for awhile so we'd get the experience of exercise, wearing the equipment. The 1946 New Park Annual has a picture on page fifteen of six of our staff members who took the training--C.L.w. is second from the right. We did everything we could to have a safe mine. The only problem the "superintendent" ever had was one time I helped a miner lift a mine car that was off the track, and I got a hernia. [laughter]180
   CLARK WILSON # 5FO: If that's the worst you ever got in a lifetime ofmining, that's pretty good. I think we're out of tape, and I think we'll end this session. Thank you very much.[END OF T APE]181
 THE FOLLOWING IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. CLARK L. WILSON ONCONDUCTING WITH MR. WILSON, AND WE'RE BEGINNING OUR DISCUSSION WITH A LOOK AT THE OFFICERS OF THE NEW PARK MINING COMP ANY AND THE OPERA TIONS FOR THE 1 9 5 0 S . [ T H I S I S FOR THE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #6.]GT: Clark, you've prepared for us an abstract from the annual reports for the first two years, 1939 and 1940. On the 1940 list you've noted the officers, directors, and related operative personnel. Let's go down through the list and talk a little about each ofthese people and the personalities, and I'd like for you also to spend a little time as we get through this, talking about the changes in the two decades you were involved with New Park. First, we have Crammer. Now you've talked a good dea.l about Crammer as president and general manager. Did he remain in that position through the entire period you wereinvolved with New Park?cw: I referred to him in our prior sessions. Actually hisAUGUST 2 6 , ROOM. THE PROJECT I S1 9 8 6 AT THE MARRIOTT LIBRARY IN THE ECCLES INTERVIEWER I S DR. GREGORY THOMPSON AND THE THE HISTORY OF MINING IN UTAH. THIS I S THE FIFTH SESSION, I BELIEVE, IN THE SERIES THAT WE AREGT: CW:name is Cranmer, C-r-a-n-m-e-r.Excuse me.Incidently that was one of his pet peeves. If you had called him Mr. crammer why you would know rather sharply that his name was Cranmer. William HenryHarrison Cranmer. That's the first thing that a 182
   CLARK L. WILSON #6salesman should learn or "the geyser would blow!" And of course we talked about him having been the man who came from Texas and Colorado and somehow or otherfound out about the New Park Mining Company operations that he no doubt recognized needed some leadership. We've mentioned that he took over the people there and was doing a great job, not only in trying to keep the underground moving but also in promoting the stocks sales to finance the work. The vice-president at the time was A. c. Ellis, Jr., who was quite a prominent attorney in town. He was an elder statesman and as I recall was in one of the prestigious firms in the Kearns Building that didsome work with Kennecott--Utah Copper it was called in those days. Walter J. Michelsen was second vice- president. I didn't get to know him very well. He was a stockbroker, and I suppose in one of these local stockbrokering companies, and apparently was helping Cranmer to develop the market for the shares and of course the financing for the company.GT: Now, you spell his last name M-i-c-h-e-1-s-e-n.CW: Right. Frazier Buck was an interesting man. He was a native of Park City. His father before him had started a store that was known as Welsh, that's W-e- l-s-h, Driscoll, D-r-i-s-c-o-1-1 and Buck. Apparently183
 CLARK L . WILSON # 6the store ownership had somehow or other resolved into the Buck family. There were, as I recall, two brothers there, Frazier being the elder. He had always been intrigued with mining. In fact, it didn't take me very long to recognize that he was afrustrated merchant who dearly wished that he was in the mining business. Their store was very interesting. It was still the old fashioned store that you would expect about 1900: big first floor and then the open balcony around the upstairs. Of course his newer merchandise was downstairs. But when I first knew the store, you could go up there and find the old wash boilers, scrubbing boards and washtubs and old clothes. You name it, things that were fiftyto seventy-five years earlier. You could probably find one or two of them there. He was very interested in the mine, and one of the things that I soon learned was that once in a while I would mosey over there to buy something and Frazier, being real interested, would start pumping me on everything that was going on. I had enough intuition of my relationship with Harry Cranmer that it wasn't a good idea for the junior person in the organization to be discussing things with not only the locals, but an officer of the company. I soon developed a way to184
 CLARK L. WILSON #6either avoid those sessions or to be very circumspect in what I discussed. I'm not meaning anything detrimental to Frazier because his intentions were all good. He wanted the company to prosper. As I recall he was a bit critical of some of the ways Harry Cranmer spent money; but when you look back atit, well, that might have been necessary at the time. I imagine these were really very small items of importance. Of course we've mentioned that my father was the company secretary. George Barben, the office accountant, was a local Park City boy.GT: Let me mention that your father was R. C. Wilson so we get the name included at the right spot.CW: Yes, George Barben, that's B-a-r-b-e-n, as I recall, he was a "local boy" born in Park City. He had worked for Utah Power and Light Company there in their office and in fact was a homemade accountant I guess you might call him. I think I mentioned earlier that the previous accountant, Bob Parker, had made the mistake of down-grading one of the Fisher family, and he departed. So, George was his replacement, and he was a very competent person, good personality, and a nice man to have around. He also served as the assistant secretary of the company. I come to the directors, again: Frazier Buck, Cranmer, A. c. Ellis,185
   CLARK L. WILSON #6Michelsen and Harry Morris who was an interesting person. His family had homesteaded the ranch there at Jordanelle on the Jordan River, which was below the Mayflower Mine portal, and he was just a "good ole"cattle rancher and farmer who probably had purchased stock in some of these companies as they were developed. He was one of those types of directors who would sit and listen and vote yes or no, whichever way it looked like the discussion was supposed to go. At that time James W. Wade was president of Tintic Standard Mining Company, Eureka, Utah. I think I might have mentioned that some eastern investors had purchased stock in New Park--Callahan Lead Zinc Company in New York, who had holdings in the Coeur D'Alene industry and were very successful in their mining operations in that area. Somehow or other I guess Cranmer, or perhaps Michelsen, had interested them in buying a rather large block of stock, and theresult was that when I was interviewed at the Hotel Utah for the job, they were represented and were particularly interested in knowing my background. I don't know just why Callahan decided to sell the stock, except they no doubt got a real low price on the original purchase, and I would suppose that if we had the records on the prices of the New Park stock186
   CLARK L. WILSON #6in those years, we'd note very great appreciation from their date of purchase to the early forties based on the ore discovery. I suppose for one reason or another they needed the money for otherinvestments. Tintic Standard Mining Company at Eureka, Utah, purchased the Callahan stock and that way became a large stock holder. Mr. Wade was a logical person to represent them. My dad was still a director and at that time was vice-president of National Copper Bank and of course represented the banking interest in town for that group. We've talkedabout Frank Rivers on previous sessions.glorified title of resident engineer and geologist. I was resident because I lived there with Cranmer in his house on the mining project. Robert L. Cranmer was the second Cranmer son, and I can't say that we were really very close friends. In school Bob was sort of a social type group, whereas I was the--!don't know, I guess the grubby engineer type, which was a little different. And of course he was an attorney, and I was an engineer, so our personal interests were different. However, we got along very well. Bob performed some very interesting personalLast time.GT:CW: Frank was mine superintendent, and I had that187
   CLARK L. WILSON #6favors for me that I appreciated then and always willappreciate. So all in all it was a very interestinggroup of people to be with, a good cross section.GT: Where did he get his law degree? Was that here fromthe University (Utah) or had he gone out elsewhere? CW: Bob went to Stanford.GT: Stanford for his degree. Now, did this group ofpeople change very much over the twenty years you were involved? For instance, I believe you mentioned you took on additional responsibilities. Did some of the members die or did they just step down? Werethose kinds of changes taking place?CW: Well, I'd like to answer that question as we go alongin the future session. Hopefully we'll have these all done in the next week or so, and we can come back to it and really analyze it. But the answer is yes, it really had quite a change. In fact, as an indicator the current head man of the Securities and Exchange Commission, John s. R. Shad, was the director of New Park for a couple of years.GT: Oh, is that right?cw: In fact, I've been meaning to reproduce one of hispictures from the annual report and send it back to him. With what we read in the paper I guess I better188
   CLARK L . WILSON # 6hurry because it sounds like he's moving along somewhere. (Shad retired from the SEC in June, 1987.)GT: You've brought us up to date through the forties on the operation, and we spent a good deal of time focusing on that. As you moved into the decade of the fifties, let's focus on that period just a little bit. How would you describe the decade generally, Clark, as a mining decade? Was it one of a good deal of activity? Did the prices remain high, and were you able to extract a bit of wealth out of the mine? Or did it become a declining operation?CW: Well, of course we went from a war economy into a peace economy. I would say that overall we found that the metal markets were back to the normal competition of whoever can produce it the best and the cheapest, so that we began to have some real economic problems. I really think that we would do a better job on thisif we could perhaps get onto some of these other subjects we mentioned earlier today and summarize them. It will help the continuity of the "story."GT: Okay. One of the things that I had an interest in was trying to develop a better knowledge of the concentrating, smelting and the refining end of the business, as it related to the valley here in Salt Lake City. And you've talked during the course of189
 CLARK L. WILSON #6these taping sessions about shipping the ore down to the Murray or Midvale areas and refining it. Let's talk about that end of it a little bit. I'm not quitesure where I want to start the questioning. CW: Well, maybe I can help you out there.GT: Sure.CW: I guess we first look at the "poor ole miner," which in a way was how everything got started. Of course New Park was certainly a good example of that and the continual efforts to find ore and then produce enough ore to pay the bills and not having enough to do it so they used the stock sales for financing. The U.S. Smelting, Refining, and Mining Company had early on recognized the New Park property as being an interesting exploration project. Enough so, as Imentioned, they bought some property next door. Of course this was good for New Park as U.s. was then interested in advancing money to New Park to see the Mayflower project go. But of course they always protected their advances with mortgages on, in effect, the New Park property. And, of course, all the ore that New Park produced was shipped as crude ore to the U.s. mill at Midvale. U.s. had both a concentrating mill and a lead smelter. They would put our ore through their own sampler. This was the190
 CLARK L. WILSON #6mechanical device described earlier that did aremarkably good and fair job, telling the shipper that he had a sample that was representative of the whole shipment. This would be broken down finely into little samples that they would retain for assaying. They'd send us one of each lot, and we would have ourown assayer in Salt Lake, or at the mine, run our sample. There were quite a few Salt Lake assayers in those days, I suppose three or four. We would choose an assayer and they would assay the ore for us until we built our own assay office. Our assay would be compared to the U.S. Company assay, and if things were too far apart, then we would call for an umpire assay, which would be somewhere in between generally. But there were certain splitting limits, and I don't recall what they were but, for instance, on lead we were shipping something that might be, oh, say 5 percent lead and 6 to 7 percent zinc. I would suppose that the assays, ours and the smelter, would have to be within .5 percent. And if one was 5 and the other was 5.5, we'd just agree it was 5.25. It was simple enough. And if it got beyond that, why, then we would call for the umpire who was usually somewhere in between the high and low assays. Anyway, the smelter would pay us on the contract terms that we negotiated191
   CLARK L. WILSON #6with them. This is an interesting negotiation because we would sit down and say, "Okay, we have so many metals here that we're involved in selling to you." They would say, "Well, okay, those are five that wecan handle." From their experience they would say that their recovery for gold on an ore like this was some approximate figure. In fact, they would take a good size sample and run it through their lab under the same type of metallurgical processing as they would expect to use to produce a concentrate. They would say, "Okay, we will pay you for maybe 80 percent of the metal at a certain percentage of the price." The reason for that percentage of the price might be that by the time it goes from their operation to a refinery and through sales why there'ssome expenses on that end. And this would be· true of all the metals. We would get paid for gold, silver, lead, and zinc and we'd only get paid for copper if there was an appreciable         of it because actually copper could complicate some of the refining process if it wasn't processed further to separate it. Of course elements like sulfur and arsenic have to be eliminated in processing. This costs the smelters and refiners some money because it has to be collected so that it doesn't ruin our "clean" air. As192
    CLARKL . WILSON # 6the termination date of our contract with the smelter approached, I'd call up and say, "Well, we better sit down," which we would do and begin to negotiate. On their side I'm sure they were looking at our tonnage and how that amount of our concentrate would fit into their operation. They wouldn't 1ike to be bothered with too small a tonnage, naturally. Of course if it was a large tonnage and had a long-term future, they would accommodate that by whatever they needed to do with their plant facilities. Before I moved into management of New Park, I guess the contracts hadbeen negotiated between Cranmer and leaders of the U.S. Smelting Company. As I recall, within about a year or so of becoming mine superintendent, Cranmer invited me tq sit in on those negotiations. It was a good education to go through that first one. Of course, at that time, I was still a junior and we were talking to the top people in U.S. One was Pat Page, who was a small, quiet fellow, who didn't do much talking. I guess it helped me get used to orienting my thoughts with people like that who were sort of high and mighty that didn't express themselves very well. Then as Pat moved along others came along who were, as I recall, more talkative and more aggressive on their side. Cranmer, of course,193
 CLARK L . WILSON # 6would always be the leader of our group until a few years went by. I'm sure that some of these notes I'm going to review will bring out about the time when I began to be a negotiator with their top manager. Atthat point I can remember Cranmer telling the top man here, "Now, I 've appointed Clark to be our representative. You tell me who's going to be your representative." So they told him. He said, "All right, I want it understood that those two are going to do this. You aren't going to do it, I'm not going to do it. Those two are going to do it. And when they get ready to talk to us, why, then we'll get in and listen and decide how we want to sign up." Of course, that didn't mean I couldn't tell Harry what was going on or what my friend was telling his boss. But at least that was the way we finally entered into the negotiations that I really participated in. It was sort of a worry because, what the heck, there was a big responsibility. On the other hand, we'd had quitea bit of experience. I knew how our side felt about it, and of course we knew how their side felt about it.GT: Would one of the considerations you'd take into these negotiations, Clark, be what your veins were producing at that given time and what you had194
  CLARK L . WILSON # 6projected for the coming year in terms of the ore production coming out of there? Would that be the point at which you would begin to talk to these people?CW: Let me say this, tonnage was certainly an important factor because they had to know in the first place that they could accommodate that tonnage with their own production. The U.S. Company had the u.s. Mine in Bingham, which was underground. Their tunnel portal was on the east side at Lark. They had lead and zinc ores underground, and they also had copper ores, being that they were out on the south side of the Utah copper pit. They also had ores from Silverton, Colorado, and some other places like that. And of course they had a concentrator that could accommodate so many overall tons. We never had any problems with them saying that, "We can't accommodate your ore." In fact, they liked our ore. It was what they called a "clean" milling ore. They separated the lead and the zinc and produced the two concentrates. Most of the gold and silver would go with the lead. We finally developed some copper ores that we could ship separately in small tonnages. They would give us a better ore contract on that type of ore. I think they probably ended up just for their own accommodation by195
   CLARK L. WILSON #6milling it with the other ore, but we were getting aGT:CW:GT:CW:little more money out of it. I guess you might say we became a "little bit" better educated on milling. Of course I could always look back and say, "Why didn't I take one of those classes in the university," but I think we probably learned more than we would havelearned at the u. by doing it the hard way.Were there times when you had negotiated your contracts, and they were twelve month contracts were they not?Oh, they could have been longer than that. I'd saythey'd be at least a year. But, I'm sure there would always be a clause where it was fairly well open- ended.So you could come back and take a second look at it if somebody was too far off base.Looking back, I suppose that the smelter thought "Well, if we could get a contract for two years or three years, that eases our pain and strain because we know we got this tonnage coming." So I think they would always accommodate us with two or three year contracts.Were there any years when you went through that process and you felt at the end of the period that the prices you'd negotiated were--you hadn't quiteGT:196
   CLARK L . WILSON # 6gotten there with your negotiations, you understatedit, or you missed the mark in some way?CW: Yes, we did. I can tell you we weren't bashful about going to tell them that we wanted to reopen and talk it over. And I think as I recall the associations were such that we weren't fighting each other. we were working with each other, and situations like that would work out. I recall one of the last ones that we got into. We were having a little trouble getting what we thought we should. And Ed Snyder who had Combined Metals Reduction Company, south ofTooele, had a concentrator there just below Tooele. Ed was quite a guy, a real personality and quite a spokesman for the industry. But he talked to us and said, "They'd like to bid on the ore." So, I sat down with their man, and we came up with a contract that was considerably better than U.s., so we took it. Boy, the U.S. Smelting man, who was quite a feisty guy (Oscar Glaeser), was just madder than hell. He sort of figured they had a vested right in our property, having done so much with us and having bought the property next door so that if we wentbroke they could foreclose these loans. Incidently, the loans were paid off pretty doggone fast once we got going. Well anyway, we went with Combined Metals197
     CLARKL . WILSON # 6for a year or two. It was a good therapeutic situation because the next time contract renewal time came around you could bet your boots that u.s. was really in there and working at their contract proposal. When u.s. offered a contract, it was really accommodating both the concentrating and the smelting because they buy the ore once it's sampled and put in their process. And they have to take care of the product that they produce. Well, they had the leadsmelter at Midvale so they would produce the pig lead, and of course that would contain some of the gold and silver. And interestingly enough there was a little bismuth in it. They had a refinery in East Chicago, Illinois where all of their pig lead was to be shipped, and one of the interesting by-products was bismuth. They would finally end up with a pot of liquid bismuth. I guess it was essentially pure bismuth. A little trinket that I still have--r'11 bring it up. You'll be interested in seeing it. The surface of this big pot of course would be a little bit cooler than lower down. One of the New Park annual reports has a picture of that. A person there who knew what he was doing would take a stick or a couple of sticks and just sort of pull some of thatcrust together, and it would start to crystalize. 198
    CLARK L. WILSON #6GT:CW: GT: CW:GT:CW:Most beautiful crystal you could imagine. It's hexagonal, sort of squares you know. Sort of looks like a Taj Mahal object with levels built on levels. That was just one of the by products. People say, "Well, did you get paid for the bismuth?" Well, I can't answer that. We got paid for whatever was in there that they were paying for. They were really a miller and a smelter along with the refinery andoperated mines "cradle to the grave."So your responsibility was to pull the ore out of the mountain, ship it down the pike and get it to their property. Once it went on their property then it became their product.As soon as the assay of it was accepted.And then it went into their process.That's right. As soon as they had the assay and we'd agreed, they went ahead and calculated the results and put it in our bank account at First Security.The product was theirs. Who were some of the personalities, other than the couple of gentleman that you've mentioned, that you recall, for instance, that you negotiated with from u.s.?Well, I knew you were going to ask that. I've told you I 'm getting hard up for names. But I 've got a note here that I will review that, particularly with199
   CLARK L. WILSON #6a good friend of mine I live with. She, from hersocial contacts with these people, will help.GT: It would be real interesting to visit with you aboutsome of the people that you worked with at u.s. Smelting and also some of the people that you negotiated with.CW: Well, we'll work on that.GT: One of the things you find as you dig around in therecord, the historical record, is that there is not a lot known about the smelting and concentrating operations that went on in the valley.CW: That's my impression also.GT: Yes, it's constantly looking for little bits andpieces of information that help fill out the puzzle in that area.CW: American Smelting and Refining Company had a lead smelter at Murray. I'm not sure they had a concentrator, but I suppose they did. The ASARCO smelter was the first one to be torn down. Anaconda and its subsidiary, International Smelting and Refining Company, · built the smelter at Tooele. The company was headquartered on the East Coast where they had a copper refinery. In fact, when I came back to Salt Lake City with Anaconda, the IS&R lead smelter was still functioning, and it was an oldie.200
      CLARKL . WILSON #6Construction started in 1970. I have a story on its history by Emil Steinbeck, who is still alive and is one of the persons who would probably give you some time. He prepared a several page summary of the history of that and I will make it available to you.Of course by the time I came onto the scene with Anaconda (1960) it was an old worn-out plant.[END OF S I D E ONE]CW: They produced pig lead that was shipped to NewJersey, to an Anaconda refinery there. In later years, they were able to recover small amounts of zinc at Tooele that had been contained in some of the lead smelted there and produced a zinc dust. That was still going on when I became associated with thecompany in Salt Lake. The equipment was old and antiquated.[INSERT]Following is a short description of thetreatment process required to liberate the leadsulphide mineral galena from the "mine run" crude ore · to obtain lead concentrates that are then treated atthe smelter to produce lead metal called "pig lead".201
   CLARK L . WILSON # 6Lead Smelting Process at I.S.&R. Smelter, Tooele, utahCrushing -- The crude ore from the mine is crushed to pieces one-half inch or smaller in size to physically separate ore minerals from the waste rock.Grinding -- Crushed ore is fed to a ball mill that is a large rotating drum containing steel balls up to several inches in diameter. As the drum rotates the ore is ground to fine particles releasing the ore from waste rock.Flotation -- Visualize a large mix-master in a steel tank four feet high and four feet square filled with water. The slurry is introduced into the tank together with certain oils {reagents). Bubbles are produced in the m1x1ng process and collect the fine particles of minerals on their surface as "concentrates". The rock is discarded as a waste product to a "tailing pond".Sintering -- This is a process to agglomerate and roast the fine sulphide concentrates prior to the smelting process. A bed of the small ore particles is bonded into a "clinker-like" aggregate by high-temperature fuel combustion in a Dwight-Lloyd sintering plant. The rate of burning of the sulphur in the ore minerals, galena, lead sulphide, sphalerite, zinc sulphide and chalcocite, copper sulphide, is controlled by drawing or blowing air through the bed of ore.Smelting -- The standard apparatus for smelting lead ores is the water-jacket blast furnace. {see diagram--113). An open-top lead blast furnace was used at Tooele. The furnace is charged with the ore {lead concentrates), flux {limestone) and fuel {coke). The charge descends through the furnace and comes in contact with the hot gases {natural gas) produced by the action of the air blast on the coke. This heats the charge {ore) and reduces the sulphide ore to molten lead metal. The metal flows from the furnace at red heat and also contains metallic impurities. This is transferred to "dressing" kettles where the metal is kept at low heat and agitated by air and steam. This produces a dross on the surface of the pot and is skinned off. The lead metal is cast as "pigs" that are shipped to a lead refinery for further processing to produce a high grade product used in industry--batteries, tetra ethyl lead, solder, sheet lead and other "by- products" of the refining process are gold, silver and bismuth {pepto-bismal). The waste products called slag,202
   CLARK L . WILSON #6float on the metals and are drained off and shipped to a slag dump.GT: As you recall the forties and fifties, was the smelting and refining business an active business here? Was it a pretty hard-charging affair or was it beginning to taper off?CW: Oh, I would say in the forties it was pretty good because we had three smelters that were actively in the business. During the War the foreign countries(Canada, Mexico, Australia, Germany, Spain) had been encouraged by us to produce their own lead and zinc ores. Following the War they didn't want to just ship their crude ore as concentrate to us. They had to concentrate it because of shipping charges, but now they wanted to smelt it. They wanted to ship metal, and you can't blame them. So yes, we began to feel the pressure from their imports. It was there in the fifties that we began as the lead-zinc industry to turn to our government and say, "Look, we have spent all this time and effort to get these foreign people going, but now it's coming home to roost. They're competing with us and they've got labor that maybe is ten cents on the dollar, if that much, compared to what we're paying." The result was that our industry began to go to the government and say, "We need some203
 CLARK L . WILSON #6protection, some sort of import limitation, so that we can keep our own business going.'' That's when our lead-zinc producers began to ask the T ariff Commission (called in those days the u.s. Tariff Commission) under the provisions of the "escape clause", which is one of the provisions in u.s. Trade Agreements Act to plead our cause and say, "Please dosomething to limit the imports; we need some--we know that--but let's leave a portion of the market to us." That will be another exhibit that I will bring in, and it will show the long tortuous troubles that our domestic industry has had in trying to get any import protection. In the first place, we had some big u.s. companies who relied to a large extent on theseimports for smelter operations. ASARCO was one. There were two or three others that were relying on these foreign imports to run their refineries here in the United states. Well, we domestic producers were the ones who would appeal to the Tariff Commission and of course then these other people with foreign interests would come in after we had presented our story. We'dsit there and listen to them tell why the commission shouldn't restrict trade. It was an interesting experience. In Park City, Red Droubray was the manager at the Park Utah, which was then controlled204
 CLARK L. WILSON #6by Anaconda. His was a good case. He had the same problems that the other domestic lead-zinc mines had. ours at New Park was an exceptional case because we were a brand new mine, good ore, modern methods, everything in our favor, and still we were being hurt. Ed Snyder, out at Combined Metals, was really being hurt as was Cecil Fitch, manager of Chief Consolidated Mining Company in Eureka, Utah. The four of us would end up together in Washington, D.c., along with the people from the Coeur D'Alene Districtof Idaho, representatives from the Missouri lead belt, St. Joe Lead Company up in New York, New Jersey Zinc Company in New Jersey, and Virginia. We would all present our case, "Look, we're the ones that domestically are being hurt." We had a fellow from Tri-State, Kansas, Tom Keyser, who was a real character. He was a regular old backwoodsmid-westerner. He had that old twang, and he'd tell stories about his little lease. When it was shut down we'd say, "What do you do, hire a watchman?" And he said, "No, I can't afford a watchman. What do I do?" He says, "I got three dogs out there. Nobody will touch that place aslong as those dogs are there." In his statement he got into the humorous as well as the sad205
 CLARK L . WILSON # 6economics that he liked to "cry" about. It was that Washington, D. c. experience several times in the late 1950s that finally led to a big hearing that was held along in February of 1960. The domestic lead-zinc and smelting companies organized what we called the Emergency Lead Zinc Committee. It started out with Charlie Schwabfrom the Bunker Hill Company in northern Idaho being asked to go to Washington (he was still an employee of Bunker Hill) and coordinate the efforts of the domestic lead-zinc producers. He would go back to Washington and use the offices of the American Mining Congress, which is anational organization for all the U.s. mining companies, and work out the schedule .for the industry           and correlate our appearance before the commission. We'd all go back and "put on the show." Well, the industry found out that they were going to have to have a permanent representative in Washington all the time. What the heck, all the foreign countries had them all the time. So for this particular early 1960 meeting they gave me an assignment not just Park City or the New Park Mine, but it was to take in the whole West. Here I was, still working full-206
    CLARK L. WILSON #6time at New Park and doing all the work for the West on the hearing. I say that's quite a job. But anyway, I accepted. I remember I•d keep putting it off to prepare the statement. During that time New Park was involved in some uranium problems in the State of Washington. I had to go over to Grand Junction, Colorado, one day to argue our case with the AEC office. I took aGT: CW:roomette on the D&RGW I got on the train about eight in the morning, had a roomette, rode over to Grand Junction, and sat there working on this statement. I did my business with AEC, caught the train back, sat there and worked on the statement again until the train arrived in Salt Lake City at 10:00 P.M. That's the way I finally got it worked into shape.What year would this have been?W ell, the T ariff Commission hearing was January 12,1960. So I went back to Washington, D.C. for the hearing and we had only two or three witnesses, not quite as many this time. After the last session of the day was finished we would generally go back to our attorney's office (Donald Hiss of Covington & Burling in Washington) after the meetings and "shoot things around a little bit" and generally a few of us207
     CLARK L. WILSON #6would go to dinner together. (As an item of interestDon Hiss is the brother of the famous Alger Hiss). Well, this time Ed Snyder, (Combined Metals Company) Mike Romney, Charley Schwab and Lindsey Johnson (New Jersey Zinc Company, New York) were there. Ed wouldkeep saying, "L et's go to dinner. " Mike Romney had been substituting for Charley Schwab for a month or so as the Washington D.C. Lead-Zinc Chairman. He was the manager of the Utah Mining Association in Salt Lake at that time. He was a good and long-time friend of mine. Anyway, Mike said to me, "Just hang around for awhile." Finally, Ed left and it ended up that Charley SchV?ab, Lindsey Johnson, V.P. of New Jersey Zinc and a great worker in our activities, and Mike Romney and I went up to Charley's hotel. We were sitting in the bar chit-chatting about the day's work, and I thought, "What the hell am I doing here?" Of course, Mike was my good friend, and Lindsey was a"pretty good" friend, though not long-time. Of course, I had known Charley for quite a few years. Finally, one of them said, (I guess it was Lindsey)"How would you like to live in Washington D.C.?" My response was, "What are you talking about?" So they lowered the boom and said they'd like me to come back to D.C. Well, as we go along with the New Park story,208
   CLARK L . WILSON #6you'11 find I wasn't quite as happy as I wanted to be. In fact, I had looked around a little bit. So, it sounded to me like it was a good idea. We had dinner,and I went back to the hotel and called Virginia. She said, "How did it go?" I said, "Fine, how would you like to live in Washington D.C.?" Everything was quiet, just a complete silence. We had a boy who was just finishing first grade and a girl who was about ready to go into kindergarten. I can just see her mind, all kinds of things flashing through it. I accepted, so that's how I got to Washington, D.C.GT: So that came in 1960 then.CW; I arrived there April 1, 1960.GT: That's what concluded your New Park chapter.CW: Well yes, except Harry kept me on the board, and Iwas still an officer, but nothing very active. I don't know that I really tried to analyze why he did that, except, I knew damn well I'd performed for him. There was no doubt about that in my own mind. I'm sure that he had some question as to how long I'd be there. I don't think he knew that I was dissatisfied with the current New Park relationship, particularly his partiality towards his son, Robert, a lawyer who had a private law practice. He was the secretary of New Park and maintained a company office in the209
    CLARK L. WILSON #6Boston Building at the expense of the company. I had a long history (twenty years) of good performance with the company. He had to remember that I was the one who kept the operation going when we had serious financial and operating problems. In fact, Iinadvertently helped him with the company financial problems after I left New Park. I was attending the December business meeting of the American Mining Congress that was held each December at the AMC headquarters and visiting with Les Randall, presidentof the Hecla Mining Company, Wallace, Idaho. This was one of the big silver-lead operations in the Coeur D'Alene District. He said, "Clark yo-q get around and hear what's going on in the industry. Do you know of any properties that are readily available for some organization like ours to come in and operate?" I said, "Well, you should talk to Harry Cranmer." I told him about the New Park operating history and that it needed good management and adequate financing to construct its own concentrator.CW: Hecla negotiated a lease on the New Park properties and the Mayflower Mine and they were still operating it when I carne back to Salt Lake with Anaconda in 1967. As a bit of history, the Mayflower tunnel was the eight hundred level of the mine. When I went to210
 CLARK L. WILSON #6Washington in 1960 the lowest operating level was2005. Hecla closed the mine on December 31, 1972, and the bottom level was the thirty-two feet. The mine has not operated since that date.GT: Let me come back to a question on the concentrator, refinery, smelter business. The impression I have gotten from your comments earlier is that the Midvale, Murray, and Tooele operations were becoming or were rather antiquated operations. Is that a fair statement? Were they older operations that had not seen a lot of innovation in terms of equipment and processing?CW: In 1907 it was decided to build the Tooele plant. Some of the original equipment was still there when the plant was closed down.[THE FIRST DRAFT INDICATED TO INSERT 6B, START HERE. NO 6B WAS FOUND.]GT: So it was definitely a pre-world war or World War One operation in terms of technology. What about the Midvale, Murray operations? Do you recall those as being brought up at about the same time or a little earlier as I recall. Do you have a sense that there was an infusion of capital to upgrade thoseoperations?211
   CLARK L. WILSON #6CW: The ASARCO smelter at Murray was the first one to betorn down prior in 1960. There j ust wasn 't the supply of concentrates needed to keep three plants going, and I guess ASARCO was smart enough to--GT: --get out of it.CW: In fact, they must have had some particular oresources that disappeared. So they decided, "Drop Murray. We've got the smelter in Helena, and we can stand the freight up there better than run Murray." I wasn't close enough to ASARCO to know. I suppose they told us all the things they were doing to keep theirsmodern. I was interested in the final buck for New Park. So I wasn't concentrating on ASARCO problems, although their competition with u.s. Smelting could have helped us. Th.ere's a friend of mine in Salt Lake City, W. G. Rouilland, who can give you those answers on ASARCO. From my affiliation with the Tooele plant I know that there was some equipment that was part of the original installation. There were some operations such as the sintering plant that were replaced. There were break-downs at Tooele all the time. I was"nickel and dime-ing" New York all the time about dollars we needed to replace equipment that was worn out. I've been going through my monthly reports on another problem that we talked about. I notice in212
     CLARK L. WILSON #6there every once in a while that there are comments in the monthly report for the smelter showing what they were doing, and comments on the operating problems. I think you'd be interested in seeing the Steinbeck report on the history of the Tooele smelter.GT:It strikes me that here Anaconda was one of the most, if not the most, technically refined, up-to-date mining operations and yet really struggling with the smelting as a pretty antiquated function of the industry.CW: You know, it comes down to competition. I think the fact that we at New Park actually went with Combined Metals for a year or two or three to test our ores at their concentrator sort of made "Christians" out of the u.s. smelter. They had to get in and really bid on the ore the next time we negotiated a milling contract. And of course the fact that there was still a Tooele smelter there that could handle lead concentrates helped. But we never started shipping toCombined Metals unless there was a shutdown or temporary problem at u.s. But the contract generally was with u.s.GT: Now, as I recall you mentioned you shipped your ore out of Park City on the rail?213
    CLARK L. WILSON #6CW: Right.GT: Was that a contract that was negotiated yearly, orCW:was it done per load? How were the rates set for that contract?The railroad had their established tariffs, and as I remember we got into that. I'm sure Harry tried to get them as low as he could. What it amounted to was there was a rail rate from the U.s. smelter to the original Union Pacific railhead at the Park Utah Mine, and so all we had was another two miles past their tipple. We paid a premium for a certain length of time to pay off that particular investment.That two mile investment.Yes, and from then on it would be just a flat rate.Do you recall any special problems with the shipping end of the transaction?Well, of course the railroad was pretty good about keeping empties available. The only thing we would run into was that every year when the sugar beet season came along, the beet farmers would get all theGT: CW: GT:CW:cars.GT: They could use railroad cars. The ore carrying carswere the same shape that you needed.cw: They were bottom-dump cars, and they just load themand away they go. There were a couple of railroad 214
 CLARK L. WILSON #6officials here in Salt Lake and a couple in Omaha that heard from me regularly when we were short of cars. I would call them and "really raise hell", you know, but of course they were under the gun too. Well anyway, this led to a particular year that we will pick out as we go along. Newmont Mining was operatinga tunnel below us and recommended a trucker from Salt Lake.He came up, and I'd never even heard of him. But I knew he was a substantial fellow, and he had a couple of sons in business with him. The company was called Harry Young and Sons. They had big equipment. He said, "Now, if I get this contract, I'11 buy another truck and trailer." I said, "Gee, don't do it. This is just a temporary thing during beet season." He said, "Well, I'11 tell you what. You're going to like my service so much you're going to want to keep me." I thought that was .just a bunch of salesmanship. But by golly he performed. We had tolay lagging timbers in the railroad tracks so he could back his truck right down the track to the tipple, dump the ore cars right into his truck, drive the trucks out of there, and head down Provo Canyonto Midvale. Then he'd come back empty up through Parley's because it was closer.215
    CLARK L . WILSON # 6GT: He'd make it up the hill that way.CW: Yes, coming up empty and it was shorter so it was agood deal. Of course they would just keep coming and going as long as there was some ore available. I guess what we would do is pull ore on day shift all day. We didn't have a lot of storage underground. We had a certain amount above the tunnel level of the Mayflower shaft in the skip pocket and we had some skip pockets below. The night shift would load all their production in a shaft pocket so that in the day time as soon as we got going we'd hoist it to the tunnel level and get it outside and have it availablefor the trucks. But, the beauty of it was he kept us going when we had that terrible winter of 1948-'49. I remember Virginia and I had been in Salt Lake over the weekend, and Sunday afternoon were driving the old road from Park City through the old tailings ponds. A blizzard was blowing at ground level from south to north and visibility was about ten tofifteen feet. We had both front windows down to look for the road. I WAS SCARED!!! A black object showed up on her side and we stopped. A car was in the snow bank. The driver got out and said he was leaving his car and wanted a ride. At that moment a Burlington bus showed up at our rear bumper. The driver got out216
 CLARK L. WILSON #6and said he was going on through. I said I would tail him. The driver of the car got on the bus. Once we were through the flats we could drive okay. Wefinally got through and drove on south through Keetley to our mine road at Hailstone on u.s. 4o where the Jordanelle dam is being built. Luckily for us, our company snowplow was cleaning that area and plowed us right up to our house at the Park Galena Mine. Our car stayed in our garage for a week. We had four families living at the Park Galena and we four men walked that steep hill for several weeks carryingneeded supplies. As soon as we made it home that day, I called the State road department in Heber and said, "You better get up there and close the road." I told him about the storm. "Storm?" he said, "What storm?" I said, "You better get up there and see." That road was closed for about two or three weeks. The railroad was closed. The mine would have been shut down completely, but good old Harry brought his trucks round trip through Provo Canyon and kept us working by moving out the ore. We were throttled down a little bit and for a week or so people from Park City who wanted to come to work had to drive clear over around through Coalville, over to Kamas and back down the Provo River to get around that roadblock.217
 CLARK L. WILSON #6GT: To get back up there.CW: And it was a tough one.GT: They must have travelled ninety miles to get there. CW: Actually, it was thirty-five miles each way. Some ofGT: CW:GT: cw:GT:CW:our staff people lived over there and they did the same thing. The Park Utah people weren't in the same situation. I don't think that they were producing ore at that time. Also their people living at Keetley could always go through the Ontario drain tunnel, ride up the Judge Shaft and get down into Park City. We weren't that extensive at the time. So that wasone of the interesting winters.How long did you use the trucking firm?Oh gee, I can't answer that. I would suppose that maybe when I left the company, they still might have been doing some of that.Is that right?I would suppose the railroad, knowing that they were being competed against, probably tried to accommodate the mines a little bit better.We'd been going just about an hour, a little more than an hour here I believe. Why don't we call it a day for the day, and we'll pick it up the next time. We'll talk about the fifties in detail.Okay.218
   CLARK L . WILSON # 6GT: Thank you, Clark, very much, I appreciate it.[END OF TAPE]219
    CLARK L. WILSON VOLUME 2
   CLARK L . WILSON Salt Lake City, UtahAn Interview ByDr. Gregory Thompson and Dr. Floyd O'NeilEverett L. Cooley Oral History Project Tape No. U-656 through U-670 Interviews #1 through #12August 5, 1986 through April 28, 1987A prilV olume 2 Interviews #6 Through #1214, 1987 through A pril 28, 1987Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 THE FOLLOWING IS A TAPE RECORDING MADE AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ON APRIL 1 4 , 1 9 8 7 . DR. GREGORY THOMPSON AND DR. FLOYD O'NEIL ARE INTERVIEWING CLARK L. WILSON. THIS IS SESSION NUMBER S I X AND T APE NUMBER SEVEN I N THE S E R I E S . [ T H I S I S PART OF THE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #7.]FO: Mr. Wilson, continuing on with the discussion with the 1950s, what was the effect, generally, of the Korean War on the mining at Park City?Of course the need for manpower in the war effort was a problem. It was hard on the efficiency of the mining operation to draw off some of the younger, better physically able employees in our mine to goCW:FO: CW:FO: CW:into the war effort. In fact, I would suppose we lost a few to some of the other industries.War industries in Utah?Yes, because Geneva wasn't too far away and some of these people would go to Salt Lake to work in war industries there.Tooele and Hill Field and all that were booming.We had to counter this by using whomever we could get from the "rustlers" who would still come around. One of the things that we did was decide to develop a personnel department. As I recall, there was a fellow by the name of John Arbon who was connected with the State of Utah in some way in industrial training program and he came up about once a week for some period of time working with our supervisors on how to220
       CLARK L. WILSON #7manage people. These shift bosses were fellows who had grown up in Heber or Park City or Kamas. They went through high school, but they had no leadership training, you might say, other than what they just naturally picked up. We actually had a formal course where we would try to teach them how to be a bettersupervisor. The result was that we developed a personnel department. As I recall, the first headman on that was a fellow by the name of Albert "Bert" Frantz from Park City, and he was then the president of the union. (laugh] The leaders of these other two companies, Park Utah Consolidated Mines Company and Silver King Coalition Mines Company, hated his guts but Cranmer was the kind that if he wanted to, he'd get along with almost anybody.FO: Yeah.CW: And also if he didn't want to get along with you, hecould sure let you know that in short order, too. I don't recall just what year I went in there as superintendent, but I guess it was 1948. I had some compunction about working with Bert, but, of course Cranmer set the policies, so we all bent over backwards to work together. Following this supervisor training, we then put it into actual training of miners and how they should perform their work. Of221
 CLARK L . WILSON #7course we had plenty of places underground where we could train them. We did have a small tunnel that we started from the Mayflower Mine dump off to the south into the hill. This eliminated the problem of having to haul "the students" clear into the mine and back out just to have a few hours in there training. We'dteach them how to set up their drill. The "drifter" is a drill mounted on a vertical steel post and could drill horizontal or slightly inclined or declined holes to advance the face of the tunnel. We also trained underground in the mine workings. This was necessary fQr the running of a "raise" because the tunnel outside wasn't far enough into the hillside. Most of these trainees had prior work around building barns or things like that but they had to learn the nature of the mine rock and the problems of ground support--when to "bar down" and clean out the loose material. It was a matter of learning the tricks of the trade.FO: Yeah, techniques.CW: Not only rock support to maintain the openings, butof course, safety that is a very large part of working underground. Eventually, there seemed to be some conflict, as I recall, between Frantz and some of our supervisors. I don't recall the detail of him222
 CLARK L. WILSON #7being moved out of there but we hired a fellow, Earl Smith, from outside the company and outside the mining business, who came in as a safety man and he knew nothing about mining. But by going with us, in particular with the shift bosses, he learned. He was a fellow with a pretty good personality--it really helped. For several years due to this training program we were able to maintain our manpower and maintain production. And as I recall, there may havebeen some subsidy on some of this training program. FO: Was the subsidy from the Utah Industrial Commission? CW: It probably was because we were supervised by theState regarding safety practices. The Utah State mine inspector was generally a man who been "through the mill" underground and knew what it was all about. The first inspector we had--I don't recall his name--was a "toughie". He liked to be tough and I think there might have been a little politics to finally move him out of that job. He was replaced by Vic Pett, who was really a nice guy and an experienced miner. During our preparation for the shift in the morning, the inspector would show up with no prior notice, which of course, is the way to run an inspection. If he'd called up a day or two before, and said, "We're going to be up tomorrow," why we'd spend all day with223
 CLARK L. WILSON #7everybody [laugh] cleaning the place up. As it was, you damn well wanted to keep it in good condition. I mean we wanted to do it the right way anyway. We didn't want somebody hurt. It was more efficient if we kept it cleaned up and operated in a good mine- like fashion. As the superintendent, I might have been heading somewhere else that day, but the minute the inspector showed up, the program changed and we(the mine foreman and I) went along for the inspection unless it was something really important that I had to take care of outside.FO: Now this is interesting.CW: Of course we had a mine foreman and we had shiftbosses. The mine foreman would go everywhere in the mine. The shift boss had a particular run. With the foreman the inspector was in pretty good hands, but I would go along because it was good politics and Iliked to do it.FO: Now the way you stated that, it almost came out asthough the inspector could actually save you money by keeping things as they should be, preventing accidents and so on.CW: Of course prevention of accidents is a good way of saving money.224
 CLARK L . WILSON #7FO: Surely is. So there never was a resentment aboutthose inspections. I can understand there would be a worry, but not a resentment about the inspections themselves.CW: That's right.FO: Do you think the Utah inspectors were well trained? CW: Well, I knew two or three and they were always pickedas people who had been in the business so they knewwhat they were doing. GT: Inside out.CW: If some fellow came along and didn't know his business, there would have been plenty of pressure to the powers-that-be that we want to do the right thing, but this fellow isn't the one to help us do the right thing.GT: Is Utah one of the states that uses the mine inspectors for both hard rock and coal, or do they separate them?CW: Well, they're separated. As I recall the coal inspection has always been Federal.FO: For most of the history of the State it's been both-- the State coal mine inspector is an important role. It's interesting to note the history of the coal industry, it's always been said that the Utah rules225
 CLARK L . WILSON #7were somewhat lax. Would you say they were in hard rock mining?cw: I don't think so.FO: You thought they met the national standards forsafety.CW: You know, I really don't recall what the nationalstandards were. We had the Bureau of Mines. FO: Sure, sure.CW: Who would come up on certain things, but that was generally more on techniques of doing this or that. For instance one of the things I may have mentioned before was, we put the first diesel locomotive underground in Utah. I know that the men and the union officers were very negative on that, but we had the advantage that the company who built this equipment back East had put a lot of them in mines around the country. The way it was finally worked was the equipment company brought a diesel to the mineand we invited the unions and whoever wanted to participate to a test run. The Bureau of Mines was there with all their testing equipment. Of course we had good ventilation, as I mentioned before, with a large suction fan on the zero level. We had a controlled air flow twenty-four hours a day. The air flow was incast through the Mayflower Tunnel and the226
 CLARK L . WILSON #7haul going in was light with mine cars empty which helped to reduce the exhaust emissions. There wassome diesel fume, but it had to meet Federal specs.This was all tested chemically. FO: Sure.CW: Any emission would be diluted with all the thousands of cubic feet of fresh air coming in the tunnel regulated by the exhaust fan on the zero tunnel level of the mine. Also the loaded trains leaving the mine were going down hill and didn't have too have much power anyway.So we made the tour. The Bureau of Mines had the equipment to monitor the exposure to hydrocarbons, monoxide, and sulphates. When the tests were completed they indicated operations were within safe and permissable limits. I showed the results to the union members, and the president told me, "You know, when you proposed this and when we went in there, this wasn't going to happen." But he said, "We agree with this. It's okay." If we ever felt that we were being abused by inspectors, why in a nice way we would let them know, I don1t recall it was ever avery "unhappy situation."GT: It sounds like all along the way there was more of anatmosphere of cooperation towards labor, safety,227
 CLARK L. WILSON #7production and proficiency than you'd find in other operations around.FO: Especially in coal.GT: Yes, especially in coal.CW: We had more of a cooperative relationship with theinspectors. I think I mentioned before that in Park City, the Silver King Coalition Mines Company and Park Utah--Utah Consolidated Mines Company--were the old-time mining companies. They had the old time miners and the old-time bosses in particular. They were abrasive and they sometimes didn't get along very well. There was an occasion or two when the companies and union were having negotiations--! mentioned this before--that we as New Park justseparated ourselves from the joint sessions and went our own way. Cranmer was the kind that had sort of a tough life coming up, not too well-heeled and perhaps not too successful in business. He had sympathy for management/labor relations. Of course, he could be pretty strong, too. Well he had to be, but I'd say that in the long run he got along pretty well.One very interesting labor situation arose when we closed the Mayflower Mine on September 27, 1957, due to the low prices for lead and zinc. Some of our shift bosses, who were salaried employees came to me228
 CLARK L. WILSON #7and asked to lease the mine. The big question was could we do this while the current labor contract with the Steelworkers Union was in force. We had a labor consultant by the name of Willard Morris who had been a labor attorney for the Union and werequested his opinion. Following some research he said, "Yes."A lease was signed with each individual lessee and the group elected a management committee. As long as the lease was in effect there were pickets down on Highway 40 where our mine road took off and was on our mining company private property to provide access to the Mayflower tunnel portal.Many of these men were from Heber City and the families were intermarried so there was a situation where a cousin or uncle would be picketing a relative working as a lessor. I don't recall that thesituation became particularly strenuous.GT: Wasn't a terrible violent one.FO: No violence.GT: Now, I think you said that this was 1958 to 1961.CW: As reported in the Company Annual Report, we closedthe Mayflower Mine September 27, 1957 and it was leased to some of the employees October 3, 1957. They operated as a group of independent contractors.229
 CLARK L. WILSON #7Production, maintenance and some development and exploration progressed on a satisfactory basis considering the economics at that time. We insisted on some development work so that they would not be"out of their bank roll" and, of course, they understood this as meaning "ore reserves."FO: Now, this was 1958, the year that was the deepest depression since the "Great" Depression. Was this independent contracting system done because of that recession?CW: Yes. You will note that the company had a substantial operating loss in 1956 and a small profit in 1957 when we closed the mine and put it under lease.Let's refer to some exhibits regarding the lead- zinc industry and the Mayflower Mine:As shown on Exhibit "A" Cranmer had "gone through" a series of mine superintendents and mine managers and released them for their personal and operational problems. This together with the economics of the lead-zinc industry world-wide that affected the United States mines forced the decision to close the Mayflower Mine on September 27, 1957.Exhibit "B" presents a summary of the receipts from ore sales, with small amounts of miscellaneous income, the disbursements and net income.230
    CLARK L . WILSON #7Exhibit "C" presents a tabulation of oreproduction for the period 1940 through 1962 with some detail regarding the metal content of the ore and annual ore sales as reported in the company annual reports.Exhibit "D" presents miscellaneous items including a listing of the combined price for lead and zinc metal for the period 1951 through 1961.231
        CLARK L . WILSON #7EXHIBIT "A"CLARK L . WILSONEmployment RecordNEW PARK MINE COMPANY, KEETLEY, UT. STAFF4-40 Resident Eng. & Geo. Frank Rivers, Mine Supt."""""" """""" """4-41 4-42 4-43""" 4-44 " " "C.M. Marquardt--Mine Mgr. Frank Rivers, Mine Supt.John A. Cooper--Mine Mgr. E.L. Graig, Mine Supt.J. H. Cone, Eng.R. E. Gilbert, Geol. E.L. Graig, Mine Supt.II If IIPete Joralemon, Contract En. " " Asst.Supt.& DirectorPete Joralemon, Supt. & Dir.4-45 " " "u.s. Navy to 5/15/451946 u.s. Navy to 3/19/46 1947 Chief Engineer1948 1949 1950 1951 195219531954 1955 1956 1957 19581959 19601961Mine Supt.--Bd. of Dir.""" """ " " " " " "V. Pres. & Mgr. of Operations"""""" """" "Bill Harrigan, Supt."""Gale A. Hansen, Supt.John s. R. Shad--Director" " Gale A. Hansen, Supt. "" """4/1/60--Chairrnan V. Pres. & Mgr. ofOperations--"" """ELZ Committee1962 Resigned from Board/W ashington, D.C. Charley Steen, Pres. & Genl. Mgr.R. C. Wilson (Father) was Treasurer but resigned in 1963.Shad resigned from the New Park Board. He became Chairman of the SEC and resigned, June, 1987.232
    CLARKL .WILSON # 7YEARR E C E I P T SDISBURSEMENTS NET INCOME$161,566.58 ($6,295.34) 189,866.50 (61,872.58) 342,734.73 173,700.69 562,964.16 170,407.96 782,468.69 292,864.21EXHIBIT "B"NEW PARK MINING COMPANY -- KEETLEY. UTAH Financial Summary$155,270.24 127,993.92 513,425.17 733,372.1219381939194019411942 1,075,322.801943 1,613,786.05 1,178,577.81 435,208.241944 1,237,647.21 1945 1,147,124.21 1946 1,551,668.25936,222.12 301,425.09887.766.15 259,348.06 1,315,192.04 236,476.21 2,006,799.33 397,972.81 1,640,013.71 388,225.13 1,416,143.00 161,727.65 1,482,768.70 248,062.24 2,015,666.98 267,927.71 1,838,756.09 70,610.31 1,975,381.48 39,456.32 1,960,433.38 107,371.78 2,097,810.67 141,900.69 1,937,156.17 (113,840.75) 1,429,484.34 27,672.96382,870.45 (10,226.48) 461,385.96 (54,398.05) 500,915.57 47.804.04$3,521,528.901947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 19602,404,772.15 2,028,238.84 1,577,870.65 1,730,830.94 2,283,594.69 1,909,366.40 2,014,837.80 2,067,805.16 2,239,711.36 1,823,315.42 1,457,157.30372,693.98 414,306.47 548.719.61$31,028,830.74233
            CLARK L . WILSON #7NEW PARK MINING COMPANY -- KEETLEY, UTAH Mayflower Mine -- Ore ProductionYear Tons Gold Silver Lead Co:g:ger Zinc Av. Value Ore Sales1940 40,000 1941 58,618 1942 49,947 1943 65,811 1944 57,640 1945 50,043 1946 61,786 1947 68,703 1948 72,381 1949 63,376 19501951 88,296ounces ounces0.257 12.59 0.233 11.38 0.322 12.84 0.398 10.49 0.263 7.81 0.275 7.080.265 5.73i-     @ wet ton    3.89 0.67 4.31 $12.504.15 0.59 4.25 6.46 0.80 7.34 6.77 0.66 9.18 6.94 0.62 9.30 7.08 0.72 10.144.98 0.59 6.92$513,425.17 731,683.78 1,073,564.49 1,609,475.24 1,229,653.83 1,138.705.58 1,473,407.61 1,861,311.80 2,001,608.25 1,559,600.09 1,719,328.36 2,269,962.93 1,888,970.06 2,014,837.80 2,041,293.12 2,226,119.45 1,768,526.95339,666.7775,118 0.228 4.66 81,192 0.392 5.61 86,495 0.344 5.52 86,8914.82 0.63 6.66 0.865.01 0.77 6.7213.92 21.50 22.25 21.33 22.75 23.85 27.09 27.48 22.13 24.39 25.70 25.15 24.82 23.60 25.621952195319541955195619571958195919601961849,471.961962 Charles A. Steen became president of New Park1,239,146+ $29,112,744.--Average valuejton $23.49 Net incomejton -- $2.8467,000±53,600± Mine closed 9-27 -- Leased to emp. 10-3-57 43,80250,451344,622.77 1,134,580.44 Hecla Mng. Company leased Mayflower Mine 12-1-61234EXHIBIT "C"
    CLARK L . WILSON #7EXHIBIT "D"The u.s. lead-zinc markets were being "flooded" in the 1950s by imports of these two metals and concentrates (lead & zinc) and the result was a reduction in our domestic market prices. The following chart indicates the effect on net income to the mining company.Year1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960Lessees Share Ore Sales899,407.72 1,251,558.23 849,471.96(54,398.05) 47,804.04 244,201.68$572.478.95 544,784.95 202,838.62 537,697.76Profit/Loss$267.927.71 70,610.31 39,456.32107,371.78141,900.69 (113,890.75)27,672.96 (10,226.48) loss"Ore Sales$2,269,962.93 1,909,386.40 2,000,794.82 2,067,679.12 2,226,119.45 1,823,315.42 1,457,157.30945,117.97Clark L. Wilson left the employment of New Park effective April 1, 1960 to become Chairman of the Emergency Lead-Zinc Committee in Washington, D.C. The Committee represented the major part of the u.s. Lead-Zinc Industry in appearances before the Congress and the Administration including the u.s. Tariff Commission and Committees of the Congress and the International Lead-Zinc Study Group headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland.CLW resigned from the Board of Directors of New Park in 1962. New Park Mining was a consolidation of the following companies.1961Charles A. Steen was elected president of the company on March2 I 1962.Star of Utah Mining Company ------ Park Galena Mining Company ------- Mayflower Mines Company ----------4-03-26 to 5-4-32 4-10-26 to 5-4-32 1-29-29 to 5-4-32Combined price for 1950 Lead & Zinc 51 ¢/pound 5253 54 5527.2¢/lb. 56 29.5 35.5 57 26.1 32.7 58 22.4 24.4 59 23.6 24.8 60 24.9 27.4 61 30.5235
 CLARKL . WILSON #7As shown on Exhibit "A" Cranmer had appointed meas mine superintendent and a company director in 1948 and as vice president and manager of operations in 1953. My duties as vice president were directed to New Park interests in the Southern Utah uranium exploration and managing exploration and development of Silver Buckle Mining Company (an affiliate in the Coeur d'Alene Mining District--northern Idaho) withoperations in Northern Idaho and the Spokane Indian Reservation in Washington (uranium) .Pete Joralemon a geologist and son of a "great" economic geologist, was brought in by Cranmer as a geologist and later appointed mine superintendent. I did not relish this appointment but couldn't do anything about it. Pete left in 1954 and we were "saddled" with Harrigan another Cranmer appointee. In 1957 Mr. "C" realized that Harrigan was not the right man and asked me to take over the responsibility of the mine--once again. I did so on the basis that I would pick "my own man."I had more or less trained a young fellow named Gale Hansen from the Hansen family in Heber City, Utah. He went through college at Utah Aggies in geology and he worked for us in the mine during the236
   CLARK L. WILSON #7summers along with his brother so I knew him very well.We at New Park had become involved up in the Coeur d'Alene Mining District of Northern Idaho in silver, lead, zinc exploration in the east zone of that district. After finishing university, Gale had gone to South America to the St. Joseph Lead Company mining operations in Brazil. He had a three yearcontract and did a good job for them. He always looked to me as his sponsor. Once in a while he still calls me from his home in California just to see if we are still alive. He is now retired from the Homestake Company (He is returning to Utah this fall.) Anyway he wrote and said, "Look, my three years are up. What do I do? Stay in Brazil or come home?" I said, "Well, Gale, you know as well as I do that one term is great and you get a lot of experience, but you have got to make up your mind if you're going to be a foreigner or if you're going to be domestic." He said, "Things aren't good here." My response, "If I were you, (and he had a couple of young kids) I'd bring them back to the u.s. and see what we can do. We (New Park) have a 'position' in the Silver Buckle Mining Company stock in Idaho." I had become the vice president. I was the fellow who237
    CLARK L . WILSON #7knew mining, and Dr. F. E. Scott, the president, and his associates didn't. They had a lease on the Vindicator Mine in the east end of the district right next to the famous mines up there. We obtained a DMEA loan from the U.S. Department of the Interior to sink a shaft there. This was a case where I really didn't know the Coeur d'Alene and to explore for minerals in that mining area we should have planned to go down three or four thousand feet.FO: Pardon me just a moment. What kind of a loan?CW: A Defense Minerals Exploration--FO: Oh, a Defense Minerals Expiration loan. I rememberthem--CW: We had a couple of those here in the Park CityDistrict and the one in Idaho. FO: Fine.CW: We sank the shaft. Gale is the kind that lived right there by the operation. He had two crews--four on a crew--and if a night shift man was ill or didn't show for some reason or other, he'd go in and work the night shift. I mean he would be right in the bottom of the shaft. Great guy. So when Cranmer said, "I want you to take over that mine." I said, "I'll take it over, but I'm going to get Hansen as my superintendent." So we brought him back to the238
   CLARK L . WILSON #7Mayflower, and between the two of us we changed the place around. With the weak metal prices it took a couple of years to get back to a profitable operation. It comes down to knowing how to run a mine, and sticking with it.GT: I notice on the list of ore sales receipts and production that the highest year that you saw, as mine superintendent, 1951, 2.283 million dollars was the highest year of the years while where you wereinvolved with the company. $2,283,594. Fifty-five was the beginning of that recession, wasn't it, Floyd, when we began to slide into that?FO: Well, it began to slide into it in 157, but it reached the bottom in 1958. It was '57 that was considered the start of slow-down years, but it was good enough times in '56 that Eisenhower could be re- elected a second time, Greg, and so it wasn't particularly bad.GT: Well, '55, before the switch came that we talked about in '58, was among the highest years of ore production. The mine produced in '55, 86,891 tons of ore.CW: Well, when you look at the highlights there was a general increase in the combined lead-zinc market price of the metals we produced until 1957 and this239
 CLARK L . WILSON #7contributed to a greater gross in net income for 1955 compared to former years. The other factor is that the Mayflower shaft was sunk an additional 206 feet during the year to the 2068 foot mark. This providedGT:sufficient depth for the 1,880 and 2,000 levels, so that we had two new potential production areas. This is one thing that we had to carefully balance to be sure that the shaft was going down so we could develop a level and maintain the ore reserve.And th a t's what these production figures would indicate, that you were opening up new reserves and either that or you were getting awfully efficient in your operations.CW: Well, Gale Hansen was an excellent mine superintendent. It was interesting that when I left for the East, the top management was sort of "going to pot" and he decided to get out of there and left for Kennecott. They were sinking a shaft in the Tintic Mining District, Eureka, Utah. Perhaps I shouldn•t say this on the tape, but Kennecott was running that property in Eureka from the Research Center over here on campus. I happen to know the person that he was reporting to, and KCC had one of those computer plans "laid out" as a month-by-money program--four, five, or six years. Each month had240
 CLARK L. WILSON #7objectives regardless of the physical conditions such as water flow and rock completeness experienced in the mine operation.GT: A time scale production schedule.cw: At a certain time the project is supposed to be at acertain point of completion. The Tintic District had an "awful" lot of water. They knew what they were getting into when they went down so they had to concrete the shaft ahead of them with concrete grout under pressure. Gale would call me in Washington, D.C. where I was chairman of the Lead-Zinc Producers Committee, once in a while and just "cry", and then say, "It's terrible. The supervisor called me up the other day and said, 'Are the pumps in on such andsuch level?' and I told him, 'No,' .and he said 'Why not? .They're supposed to be according to the schedule.' " The fellow never went down there and inspected the place.GT: Didn't know what was going on.CW: He was an "office cowboy or stool puncher" up here inthe Salt Lake office. It was a very discouraging experience. Of course they lost Gale. He went to Homestake Mining Company, San Francisco, and had a good career out there. I don't know why I got on to this but it takes a good man to be running a place241
 /CLARK L . WILSON #7like that. He has now retired from Homestake and is returning to his "roots" in Heber City.GT: After the New Park Mine went off the lease--in fifty- eight, I take it--then did the company continue to operate under the old structure? Is that the approach with you, being general supervisor?CW: W ell, no. When I went to W ashington, D.C. I resigned as a New Park employee, but stayed on as a director.FO: In what year?CW: 1960. I went back there on April first of 1960, andso my only connection with New Park at that point wasattending board meetings in Salt Lake.FO: And what did you do in the East? What was your job? CW: I served as chairman of the Emergency Lead-ZincCommittee. The economics of mining like all business depends on (1) income and (2) expense. The mine income at New Park was dependent on sales of ore containing gold, silver, lead, copper and zinc. The metal prices are dependent on the overall U.s. and world supply and demand for these metals. In addition to our U.S. domestic production, our markets are sought and used by many foreign countries. The United States mine is therefore competing against foreign labor with a lower standard of living and much lower242
 CLARK L . WILSON #7wages. These factors adversely affect our domestic metal prices.The attached charts of lead-zinc statistics include the supply and demand of these metals in the u.s. and the competition from the foreign imports. As a result of all these factors the combined high and low lead-zinc prices varied by 57 percent.The average assay values of the five metals in the Mayflower ore directly affected income as these values may increase or decrease dependent on the variations in the mineral deposit and the separation of ore and waste rock in the mining process. Careless mining dilutes the ore values with waste rock. In addition there are substantial costs for expanding the mine workings by shaft sinking, driving new minelevels and installation of new equipment for hoisting and pumping facilities and haulage equipment to develop new ore reserves to maintain production levels.The attached exhibit dated May, 1967 that I prepared for the Lead-Zinc Producers Committee when I was in Washington, D.C. has a statistical summary of production and metal prices for lead and zinc on page twenty-eight and twenty-nine. You will note that U.S. production dropped beginning in 1958 and this is243
 CLARK L . WILSON #7directly reflected in a drop in the market price for the two metals.I have an exhibit E consisting of three pages from a summary that the ELZ Committee prepared describing the problems of the industry and our efforts to obtain some U.s. Government control of unneeded imports to help stabilize metal supplies and prices. You will note that lead and zinc metal stocks increased in the last half of the 1950s and metal prices dropped.The Utah Mining Industry was feeling the effects of the excess metal inventories and the reduction in the metal        Ed Snyder, president of Combined Metals Reduction Company with operations south of Tooele and in Pioche, Nevada, was an activist politically and began "lobbying" our Utah and Nevada congressional delegations for assistance to stabilize and protect our domestic markets. When Ed would talk to the members of the Utah Mining Association Executive Committee about the politicians they would be very negative and say that the politicians would not listen. Ed's response was, "they may not listen but they will 'weigh' the information being sent to them." He was, of course, talking about the volume of244
 CLARK L. WILSON #7materials and the numbers of voters involved. Ed sent one of his staff executives, Otto Herres, to Washington to work on the project. Other mining andsmelting companies were also getting interested and sending their executives to lobby for assistance. Exhibit F is a summary of the committee activities that originated in 1950 that I "inherited" in 1960 and continued till I left D.C. in 1967 to return to Utah as resident manager for the Anaconda Company(TAC) .I started to participate in committee activitiesalong in 1957 to present the New Park experience at Congressional and T ariff Committee hearings. Charley Schwab of the Bunker Hill Company was "loaned" to the ELZ group and spent a good portion of his time in D.C. to organize our then sporadic activities. I participated in several of these and other Utah witnesses included Miles P. "Mike" Romney, manager of the Utah Mining Association; Ed Snyder of Combined Metals Production Company; Cecil Fitch, president of Chief Consolidated Mining Company, Eureka, Utah, and Seth "Red" Droubay of Park Utah Consolidated Mines Company. We had others from the Tri-State District(Midwest) and Wisconsin. The custom smelters who245
 CLARK L. WILSON #7wanted imported concentrates were always representedin opposition to our efforts.A hearing was held before the Tariff Commissionin D.C. on January 12, 1960. I was asked to present a consolidated statement of the western states mining situation. At the close of that hearing I was asked by Schwab, Miles Romney, who had been on loan to the committee from the Utah Mining Association, and Lindsey F. Johnson, vice president of New Jersey Zinc Company, to move to D.C. as a permanent chairman to handle the lobbying effort for the domestic industry.CW: The assignment for the January 12, 1960, hearing was to be comprehensive and it was a "tough job". I was busy at the time on uranium business for Silver Buckle Mining Company, Wallace, Idaho, a New Park affiliate, for permits to proceed with an open pit mine on the Spokane Indian Reservation in northwest Washington. This required a trip to Grand Junction, Colorado to the Atomic Energy Commission office to straighten things out. I got a reservation for a roomette on the D&RGWRR train from Salt Lake to Grand Junction. This left Salt Lake at 8:00 A.M. I had the meeting there and returned to Salt Lake by train that afternoon. I took my ELZ data with me and by the time246
 CLARK L. WILSON #7I returned to SLC that evening the statement was "roughed out."GT: So you were isolated from the world in a sense.CW: That's right. There were a few other witnesses fromthe eastern lead-zinc states--New York, New Jersey, Tennessee and Wisconsin. The hearing went on for several days and at the end of each session we would go back to our lawyers' office for a recap. Incidentally, our attorney was Donald Hiss, a very capable person and a brother of the infamous Alger Hiss!After the final session we again went back to Hiss's office. Ed Snyder kept urging us "to go to dinner." Mike Romney from Salt Lake City, who had been an "acting chairman" of ELZ between the "Schwab term" and mine, was there and told me to "stick around" together with Lindsey F. Johnson, one of the"nicest guys" that I've ever known in any business, and vice president of the New Jersey Zinc Company in New York, New Jersey, Tennessee and Virginia.Ed finally left and Charlie Schwab said, "Come on, let's go up to my hotel and have a drink." We went in the bar and were having a drink and they seemed to be stalling for time. I wondered why I was there. Finally, Lindsey said "Well, look, let's hash247
 CLARK L. WILSON #7this out. How would you like to live in Washington, D.C.?" Mike knew that I was unhappy with Harry Cranmer and all the outside promoting that he was doing with New Park Funds. His son Bob, the companyGT: CW:attorney, was also involved in these deals. I took the Washington offer on the spot! After dinner I went back to my hotel and called Virginia in Salt Lake, and said, "How are you today? How would you like tolive in Washington, D.C.?" [laugh] You did almost the same thing to her?[laughter) I let her know in a nice way that's where we going to go. So with that I came back to Salt Lake and announced what I was going to do. I went back in April, lived in a hotel, the DuPont Plaza, and moved the family to D.C. as soon as school was out in Salt Lake in June, 1960.[END OF SIDE ONE OF TAPE]FO: What was Mr. Cranmer's reaction to your leaving?CW: Well, the activities of the company were a bit complicated then. Harry was the one who got the first funding arranged for the Lucky Mac Uranium in Riverton, Utah. I don't know whether we mentioned that or not. I had previously conducted uranium exploration activities down in Southeastern Utah forNew Park. Harry was the kind of person that if there 248
 CLARK L. WILSON #7was something new and different, why he always wanted to get into it. His son Bob, a lawyer, would organize the companies. One problem we had was Cranmer wouldtend to use the assets of one company to develop another company, and gain a personal interest in the new company by donating leases in his name for stock in the new company. This later resulted in a lawsuit by Charley Steen against Cranmer, his son, and Pete Joralemon.In effect, he used some of the company capital. My dad was treasurer of Newport and V.P. of First Security Bank. He was a little worried with theCranmer promotional activities. He was a Main Street banker, well-known and well-respected, and that's one thing that kept Harry pretty straight. Dad let .him know he couldn't get away with some of his promotions.Well, I was operating some exploration in Southeastern Utah, near Monticello, in uranium exploration, and also the Silver Buckle operations in Coeur d'Alene and on the Spokane Indian Reservation where we found a good uranium deposit. I was supervising operations outside of Park City while Cranmer was concentrating on Lucky Mac.FO: Where was the Lucky Mac, now? 249
 CLARK L . WILSON #7CW: Thirty-five miles east of Riverton, Wyoming, at GasHills. It was one of the first big open pit uranium mines. I suppose it's still producing. Incidentally, later on, Utah Construction took over as the operatorby exchange of their stock and the off-shoot of that was that those of us who had Lucky Mac stock (I bought mine) received Utah Construction Company stock that ended up in General Electric. We still own some General Electric stock right now that we can't sell. At the current G.E. price versus acquisition cost we'd just be giving a big percentage of the income to the Government. Well anyway, getting back to Cranmer,I think he was generally sorry to see me go because I'd lived with him since 1940. In all the years that I was with New Park he never had "to jack me up" on anything. Not bragging, you know, I was just brought up to be doing the right thing at the right time. I hated to leave him, but I didn't appreciate his son who was a "sharp" attorney. I mentioned before that anytime I was given a raise from the mine operation, his son who was sitting in Salt Lake in that company office was given the same raise that I received and almost the same salary. I never thought he deserved it in the first place. Just because I deserved it and got one, wasn't any reason why he should. So there250
 CLARK L. WILSON #7were those kind of feelings going on. I do have to thank Harry for providing me with the opportunity to develop my engineering, supervision and managementskills as a youngster. I grew with every challenge and had interesting experiences. So in the "long run" I don't begrudge anything that seemed unpleasant at the time.FO: Was Harry disappointed when you announced it?CW: Why I think he was. He certainly wanted me to stay onthe board, and stay in contact. FO: Did you?CW: Oh yes. My father and I stayed on for two or three years. Then Harry was getting a little older and a little shakier and he brought in Charlie Steen on promises that, "Charlie, you'll be the president. You put your money in, and you'11 do this and that." Well, then Harry started using this money on some of these wild side issues and he wasn't particularly letting Charlie Steen call the shots. Finally, I was asked to come to Salt Lake from D.C. to a directors meeting called by Charlie Steen and Dave Clegg, who was his attorney. I don't know whether you know Dave Clegg or not.GT: Just heard the name--251
 CLARK L . WILSON #7cw: I got out here and found that my dad was getting alittle worried with the New Park management situation. He was still an active banker, and he wasn't going to do anything with an outside company without the bank approving it--something that might impugn First Security. Prior to the meeting, which was held at the Alta Club, Dad and I and the secretary and a director of the company, a fellow named Frazier Buck, who owned the famous Welsh, Driscoll & Buck store in Park City, met with Steen and his attorney. Frazier had been a director since New Park started, and he wasn't a trained mining man, but he was honest and he knew the mining business and he has always wanted to be a mining engineer. Steen had taken two rooms on the third floor of the AltaClub, on the northeast corner that he had refurbished as his headquarters in Salt Lake. The strategy was that Harry "had to go"..Dad, Frazier and I agreed. At least he couldn't be the leader any more, and so it was agreed that during the meeting, I would make the motion that Harry step down. After "living" with that man for twenty-three years it was a pretty tough deal. But it was the time to "fish or cut bait". Cranmer could not go on.FO: Yeah.252
 CLARK L. WILSON #7CW: I made the motion. I have the minutes on that meetingthat I will let you have. It's very possible that Dad might have seconded it. Of course Harry was devastated. I never will forget him. He was a white haired "old man" sitting at the end of the table. Hejust sat there sort of in shock. He shouldn't have taken this hard because he must have known what was going on as far as Charlie and his attorney were concerned. Well anyway, Harry's first wife had died some years earlier, and he had married a "gal" back East, Helen Erskine,. who was writing the famous "Dorothy Dix" columns, like the current day advicecolumn.GT: Like the "Dear Abbey" · column of today?CW: Right, a little more sophisticated maybe. But anyway,he said, "I have to go out and talk to a friend about this." Well, I'm sure he must have gone out and chatted with her by phone. I guess the decision was, "Well, why fight it?" at his age.GT: How old was he then, do you recall?CW: He must have been in his high seventies or loweighties.GT: Did he treat you much like the son up to that time? Isuppose it changed your relationship some after that.253
 CLARK L. WILSON #7CW: Well, of course, I was living in Washington, so therewasn't too much contact. I mentioned that when I went to work for him I lived with him in his house. We cooked breakfast together, and spent quite a bit of time together. When Virginia and I were married, they gave us our sterling silver flatware set, as a present from the company. He saw to it that I had a company car and the only thing where he was"niggardly" was on salary. He was even niggardly on his own salary so I couldn't fault that. [laugh] On returning to the board meeting he said that he had decided that he better retire. As of May 15, 1962, the company annual report shows Steen, president; R. H. Ruggeri, vice president; David H. Clegg and Mitchell Melich, directors, together with R. c. Wilson. Steen controlled all except R. c. Wilson. My dad stayed on as treasurer. Mitch Melich was assistant treasurer. This goes back to the "old Mitch Melich relationship" when he was in Moab, when Charlie first struck it rich. I think somewhere on the tape I mentioned that Mitch knew Dad. Mitch was the attorney in Moab at the time of the uranium rush. He came to the First Security Bank in Salt Lake once in a while. He came in one day, and said, "You know, Ray, there's a bare-assed prospector out south of254
    CLARK L. WILSON #7here camping out there with his family. He's got something." He said if somebody put up two or threeFO: CW: GT: FO: CW:thousand dollars he'd have a big share of it. Dad couldn't put up two or three thousand dollars.Right, this was the Lisbon Valley find.This was the big Steen find.Yeah.The Mi Vida Mine?The Mi Vida Mine. In the 1962 report dated May 1, 1963, it's still Steen, president, with Bob Ruggeri, Clegg and Melich as officers and directors. Dad retired. Harry was "out of the act" and moved back to New York City. Helen, his wife, had an apartment on Park Avenue in New York. Harry had been living there quite a bit of the time prior to this. Harry and his dog, Duke, featured in one of our New Park reports, were walking one day in Central Park and Duke died. I guess it wasn't too long after, that Harry who was"just worn out" died. It was a sad demise and I think of that every once in awhile.When I retired from Anaconda, I still did a little work with United Park City Mines Company. An oilman from Dallas had an option on Anaconda's United Park stock. I sized it up that he was "coming on" as a promoter.255
 CLARK L. WILSON #7GT: Sears? Was it Sears?CW: Yes, Wheeler Sears. I told the board of directors,"Thanks fellows, but I've had my fun," and got out. They couldn't understand it, but their management was getting "too wild" for me such as using the company money to redo a house in Park City and using it for personal use.[END OF TAPE]256
     THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. CLARK L . WILSON ON APRIL 15, 1987, IN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH IN THE MARRIOTT LIBRARY . THE INTERVIEWER I S GREG THOMPSON AND THIS I S SESSION SEVEN OF A SERIES OF INTERVIEWS WITH MR. WILSON.(THIS I S PART OF THE EVERETT L . COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #8.]GT: Today, we are going to start with Mr. Wilson leaving the New Park mining operation and going back to Washington. Mr. Wilson, yesterday when we were talking, you began to discuss how you got involved with the political arena and the attempts to try to get legislation favorable to the domestic industry. I think we just barely started on that and we stoppedfor the day. I'd like to pick up with that and have you talk a little bit about the policies that you were dealing with, and the philosophy, and how you went about doing what the association was asking you to do. Let's start with where did you move to in Washington? Where were you able to find housing when you first went back?CW: In the first place, I went back April 1, 1960, and the plan was that as soon as school was out I would come back to Salt Lake and pick up Virginia and the two children. Ray was just finishing the second grade and Ginger was about ready to leave kindergarten. Iwas living at the Dupont Plaza Hotel. The office that we, the Emergency Lead-Zinc Committee (ELZ), used was257
 CLARK L. WILSON #8in the national office of the American Mining Congress. This was an organization representing practically all the mining industries in the United States. The membership included all of the mining state associations like Colorado, Arizona, Utah, California, Idaho and Montana. I don't recall that there was such a thing as the Missouri association. Isuppose the reason for associations in the West was that there were so many mines and companies in each state that we had to have one cohesive organization, and we also had individual memberships with some of these companies back East that perhaps didn't belong to a mining association. It was a pretty strong group. Our only problem was that some of the operators such as importing smelters like American Smelting and Refining Company didn't join with us. Infact, they opposed us to a certain extent because they relied on imports from foreign concentrate producers to keep their domestic smelters going. I referred to the fact that we had hearings before the u.s. Tariff Commission and obtained some measure of import control, but we kept feeling that what we really needed was a piece of legislation that would provide long-term stability and that would be difficult to upset once it had been enacted. There258
 CLARK L. WILSON #8was a powerful group of mining state senators who had, you might say, pretty good committee spots withtheir seniority. One in particular was Clinton Anderson from New Mexico who was chairman of the Senate Interior Committee, New Jersey Zinc Company a member of ELZ had a good operation there. My friend Lindsey Johnson who was vice-president of New Jersey and headquartered in New York was one of the fellowsI mentioned who helped me get acclimated in D.C. He had clout with Clint, as he called him, and the result was that he introduced me to, not only the senator, but particularly to Jerry Verkler who was the staff director of the Senate Interior C9mmittee, and that was a pretty powerful office. He was very personable and very pleasant to work with. He understood the situation and was very cooperative. We would "cook up" a piece of proposed lead-zinc legislation to be introduced in the Senate by Anderson. The other person that was very powerful was Wayne Aspinall who was chairman of the House Interior Committee. New Jersey Zinc had a big mine in Colorado southeast of Grand Junction country where Wayne lived.GT: He represented the western slope of Colorado, didn't he?259
 CLARK L . WILSON #8CW: That's right. He was an interesting person. He wasshort of stature, but, boy, he could be a "Tartar." His wife was just one of those good old hometown gals. She reminded me of my mother, straight-laced and refined. Of course, the fact that I had been bornin Cripple Creek didn't hurt that situation at all. GT: I am sure it didn't.CW: We were on a first-name basis with the Aspinalls andwe'd invite them to our house for dinner, and, by gosh, they'd invite us to their apartment. Julie cooked dinner just like my mother or my wife. Wayne was sort of a "Tartar." He had a little gal therefrom Grand Junction who ran the office and was sort of his right-hand "bower". I can remember that as soon as I had been introduced around Washington and started coming into Wayne's office she got me aside one day, and said, "Mr. Wilson, I'd like to tell you a little something about the congressman. If you have an appointment with him, I would be here five minutes early because he is always on time." And I asked her what time is the best time of day to come in and chat with him, and she said, "Eight o'clock, and I would recommend that you be here at five minutes to eight." That was very good advice, and I always followed it. After I became acquainted with prior legislation that260
 CLARK L. WILSON #8had been drafted, it was really a matter of applying current conditions. I'd use the old bill and revampit putting in whatever we thought we needed. We had one piece of legislation that was called the "flexible quota." What this would do was set up an import quota on both lead metal and lead concentrates, and zinc metal and zinc concentrates, by quarters. This quota went on or was applied if imports exceeded specified levels based on pastimport and consumption experience. In the House of Representatives the procedure was to recruit as sponsors each congressman who we thought would be interested in protecting his state industry. There were quite a few of them. For instance, the mining districts in the West were in Washington, Idaho, Montana, Utah, Colorado, Arizona, Nevada, and New Mexico. All of those congressmen might not be particularly interested if there wasn't something in their own district, but they stuck together pretty well and we could get their interest in our efforts. The result was that we would have one bill, but it would have the names of twenty, twenty-five, or thirty congressmen on it. And as my old friend Ed Snyder said, "It isn't so much what's in the bill. It's the 'weight' that it carries." That comes back261
 CLARK L . WILSON #8to who's putting their name on the document. In the Senate, a senator would introduce it, and I would go around and talk to all the senators from the lead-zinc states to be sure they understood what it was, and that their staff understood it, and that their voters wanted it, and put the pressure on them to be of some support. Then the big deal was how to get it moving. Legislation in the House that had to do with quotas was considered similar to a finance bill. It had to go through the Ways and Means Committee and Ways and Means is always tough to gain approval. In the first place, we in the West didn't have very much representation on the committee. It was the big states that managed to get their congressmen with a lot of seniority on the committee. We would get a hearing in the House Interior Committees and get allof our mining friends from twenty lead-zinc producing states such as New York, Wisconsin, Tennessee, Oklahoma, Missouri, and the western states, and have them prepare their statements based on my information. I had previously been doing this for the State of Utah. We urged these people to come back East and appear and abbreviate their speech so they wouldn't bear down too much on the committee time. Following the hearing the committee would publish a262
 CLARK L. WILSON #8proceedings booklet with all the statements so we would have this to be distributed to our industry andlegislators. With Wayne being chairman of the House committee, that was easy. On the Senate side we would do the same thing. Clinton Anderson would always arrange a hearing before the Senate Interior Committee. Then it was a matter of trying to do something with the Senate Finance and House Ways and Means Committees. At that time Senator Bennett was pretty active on the Senate Finance Committee and might have been the chairman when Republicans were a majority. We could generally get a hearing before Senator Bennett. Sometimes I would appear at one ofthese hearings, and Senator Bennett would be the only senator on the stand; except if one of our members, say, from Oklahoma was there he would let the Oklahoma senator know that he ought to be there.GT: This is the Kennedy administration, now, isn't it? It would have come in January 1960?CW: Well, we moved there in '60. Kennedy came in in '61. GT: January, '61, excuse me. So it would have been in theEisenhower administration.CW: I would guess without having some of the files torefer to that we were there in the last year of the Eisenhower administration. I do remember going to the263
 CLARK L. WILSON #8Kennedy inaugural because we had the terrific snow storm that snowed everything in. In our lead-zinc case it wasn't so much that politics was involved, it was who we had in the way of senators and congressmenrepresenting us on these various committees, and, of course, what the overall philosophy of U.s. government was, and that was generally free trade. We knew we were running up hill all the time versus thefree-traders, but we had some pretty good strong patriots that were fronting our cause. Prior to 1960 our industry efforts resulted in a presidential proclamation No. 3257, September 22, 1958, that established absolute quota restrictions on importsfor consumption of unmanufactured lead and zinc effective October 1, 1958. The Tariff Commission reviewed the quota experience and in September 30, 1960, quotas were continued. We never were able to get a long-term piece of legislation enacted.GT: Were you able to get the large single minin9 companies to support that flexible system?CW: The interesting thing was that they were against us to start with, but as the years went along they began to "hurt." Their domestic operations were being affected and they finally joined us. For an example, it was companies like American Smelting and Refining264
 CLARK L. WILSON #8Company which was, of course, one of the biggest producers in the country. American Zinc had sort of been wobbling "pro and con" on our position. In fact, we found out that they were professing to be on our side at one time, and I was able to find out that they were going behind us and double-crossing us. Our ELZ group would have an annual meeting every time there was an American Congress meeting along in thefall. Howard Young, their chairman, was a great big man. He must have been about six and a half feet tall. I guess he weighed about 250 pounds, and had been a president of the American Mining Congress for years and a real mining industry patriot. He was onthe opposite side of our efforts. He had a son who was about my age, and he professed to be on our side, but we found out he was double-crossing us. I can recall a session in San Francisco when the Youngs were there and with my input to the American Mining Congress and the lead-zinc people prior to that session they "read him out" of our ELZ organization and asked him to leave. He cried, actually. He had been revered so much by the whole mining industry, and to have this thing happen really shook him up. So American Zinc went out and hired an ex-congressman from Missouri to represent them in Washington, so I265
 CLARK L . WILSON #8had competition. I was proposing protection and here was another lobbyist coming around proposing imports.It was really a matter of who had the most support from which companies and which states. Finally, it came down to the point where they asked to come back in the ELZ. We all agreed we could live with what we could get with a flexible quota type bill. There was no use trying to hide the fact that there were two factions in this lobbying effort.GT: Give us the parameters of what we are talking about on a time line here. Would that flexible agreement have been achieved in one, two, or three years? How long did it take to put that in place?CW: At this point I would like to "place in the record" a copy of a document, that I prepared, of the Lead-Zinc Producers Committee (originally called the Emergency Lead-Zinc Committee--The "emergency" had become permanent) from 1950 to January 30, 1969. This summarizes in thirty pages the "torturous" effort by our industry to stabilize supply-demand and the markets for the two metals together with statistics from 1950 through 1966. This includes the organization of the International Lead-Zinc Study Group in early 1960 in Geneva, Switzerland. I attended the second session held in Geneva in266
 CLARK L. WILSON #8September 1960 and subsequent meetings in other foreign cities. (Item 30, pg. 6, exhibit "F) As I recall, there were twenty-three nations in the study group which included Russia, for instance, and ofcourse Mexico, Canada and Australia were big ones, Great Britain because they were users. The producers included Spain. These meetings were held in the big United Nations Building in Geneva. In fact, thebuilding was built after World War One.getting along in years, but very well maintained. There was one huge room that had a big dias on the east end with long tables where the elected authorities and members of the United Nations' staff would sit. There were three lines of tables running the length of this room, and there would be an official representative of a country and his advisors who would sit there with him. It was quite animpressive number of people. We were always represented by the State Department who we called "The u.s. Foreign Department" because they seemed to like the foreigners better than they did their own domestic people. They would have a representative who was a metal specialist from the Department ofFor the League of Nations.GT:CW: Yes, and it was quite an impressive place. It was267
 CLARK L. WILSON #8Interior who was supposed to represent us, but this fellow was very friendly with the foreigners. The U.S. also had one from Commerce and State. Those three would sit at the table and we "advisors" had tosit in back of them along the wall. We industry representatives never could speak at formal meetings. That was always for the governments, but we would have a delegation meeting each morning trying to pressure our government people to understand theindustry position and to pump them for what they found out, and to give our input to the other countries. One of the things that we always tried to do was get some member of Congress to attend these sessions because that put a little air of authenticity to our presence as an industry. And Wayne Aspinall was very good about sending his minerals man from the House Interior Committee, a fellow by the name of Milton Pearl, so that we had the clout from Wayne. The Senate Interior Committee for some reason or other didn't get into that. We really didn't need that additional representation. If we had one man from Congress that made a good impression. We had many arguments with our own government people. There was no way we could really control them in Geneva. When we got back we could268
 CLARK L. WILSON #8"holler" at our congressman and senators and maybe put a little pressure on the government departments. I might mention that one fellow, Ed Getzen, from the State Department was of German descent. He had spent time in the embassy over in Germany. He openly told us that he would rather live in Germany than the United States, so that didn't make us feel verycomfortable. Come weekends we would generally adjourn on Friday, noon, and we would have Saturday and Sunday for relaxation. The first time I attended these meetings there was a fellow representative from Ball Brothers, one of the big zinc consumers, who manufactured Mason Jars. He asked me, "Where are you going on the weekend?" I said, "Well, gee, I don't know. What are you doing?" He said, "How would you like to go up to Chamonix." I didn't know what Chamonix was, where it was, or anything else. I said,"Fine." As it turned out it is at the base of the big mountain, the Matterhorn! We got on the train Friday afternoon and went for a beautiful ride along Lake Geneva, finally got up around the north end and turned south into a glacial valley, then transferred to a train that was a combination of a regular train and a cog-wheel engine. When we got up into this big glacial valley a little ways, there was a side valley269
    CLARK L. WILSON #8going west to Zermatt at the base of the Matterhorn. The train was equipped with cogs. Wherever it was real steep the engine could drop the cog and crawl up the grade. This was in September and a beautiful day,not a cloud in the sky. The tourists had left, so it wasn't crowded. There was a beautiful horse and buggy waiting for us at the train, took us over to the hotel. It was called Croix Blanche, which translated was White Cross. As I recall, there was one other guest, so there were three of us in this hotel. It is the only time in my life I slept in a feather bed. It was quite an experience. They would come to us at the table and say, "Well, what would you like for the next meal." We didn't know, and, of course, I didn't read French, so they'd make the selection. This was my introduction to quiche and I still have the recipe. It was just a lovely weekend. Out in the back of our room was a big porch adjacent to a cog railroad going up to the base of the mountain. We satthere drinking martinis and spit the olive seeds over the bannister. We always debated whether we should go back and see how that grove of olives matured. But it was a terrific weekend.One of the interesting things was that on Monday morning when I went back into the Embassy office, I270
      CLARK L. WILSON #8was the first one there, and here were some oil paintings that were about fifteen-by-eighteen-inchessitting there on the floor. Most of them were of "the mountain." The kind of paintings I like are the ones that are so realistic that they look like a photo. I want to see the thing as it is, and this one is a terrific painting of the mountain. I asked what wasgoing on. She said, "Well, we have an old chauffeur here who is up in his early eighties, and he's a painter just as a hobby." I said, "How much for that one." She said, "Well, it's thirty-five francs." As I recall that was about fourteen or fifteen dollars. I said, "Can I have it?" She said, "It's yours." Well, as other people filtered in. They'd look at it and they'd say, "I'd like that one." She would say, "I'msorry. Mr. Wilson selected it." GT: Gone.CW: So we have had that hanging in a very special place ever since then and still do here in Salt Lake. There were many interesting things like that going on.Unfortunately, it was very frustrating to sit in on these meetings where all we could do was advise, and our u.s. staff really weren't sympathetic to our cause. The Russians were sitting right next to us. We were seated alphabetically. They always had three271
 CLARK L. WILSON #8people. One guy I figured was the KGB because he was big and mean looking and never said anything. There was one guy who could speak English very well. Thethird guy I figured was a technician. One day we'd been to lunch. I came back and here in this big hallway were some settees. The Russian who could speak English was sitting there, so I thought, well, why don't I be sociable and being a "good citizen" I said, "Well, how's the weather in Russia?" He said, "Well, it's been pretty cold and not too pleasant." Isaid, "Well, you know, that's the way it's been over in our country, too." Then I tried to be facetious, and I said, "Of course, we think perhaps you folks send those storms over to us." And I'm telling you, he clouded up and was upset. I had to hurry and explain my poor American humor because all he had to do was complain and I would have been sent back to the United States and I would never have gotten over there again. I learned a little something from that.Well, maybe we are getting off the subject.GT: How long were you in Geneva, then, for thisparticular set of negotiations?CW: Well, we would arrive on a Wednesday. We would havemeetings on Thursday and Friday to submit statistics. Over the weekend the staff would compile all the272
 CLARK L . WILSON #8paper work. They had quite a staff there--translators putting reports into several languages. Come Monday we would have all the translated papers with production figures. The bulletin produced at the meeting would have production and consumption of leadand zinc from all over the world. On Monday and perhaps Tuesday the discussion would be what should be done to stabilize the imports, exports, production and consumption so that these various countries could have a healthy lead-zinc industry. There would be some little offers of, "Well, we'll cut this here,and we'll do this and we'll do that." But it was just - a constant battle to really gain enough to make that much difference world-wide. From our standpoint we just had to keep it up to protect the u.s. industry. It got a little monotonous doing that in Geneva. In fact, I can remember that in 1962 we went over there three times because we'd had troubles getting agreements that would balance supply with demand. It got sort of tiresome going over to Geneva. We went to Madrid for one session (see page twenty-seven of attached summary) . Incidentally, I'd take Virginia once in a while because it gave her a chance to get a look at Europe. We had one meeting in Munich, one inMexico City, and one in Rome. There was one meeting 273
     CLARK L. WILSON #8in Tokyo, but unfortunately for me, I had a very drastic lung operation and couldn't go. I sure hated to miss going to Japan, as I'd never been there. This experience certainly gave me a real shot atInternationalism. Hank Armstrong from Canada was just like another American, just a great friend. In Washington we'd invite them to our house, and they'd invite us over to their house where we enjoyed their company. When it came down to business we had our own interests to protect. Gordon Mathams was the delegate from Australia. I was going to say "Austrylia". I roomed with a Wilson from Australia at Harvard Business School and learned to do a little of that "Austrylian stuff." Mathams and his wife were just delightful people. In fact, when we announced that we were going to leave Washington to come West the group from Canada, A ustralia and the Departments of Interior, State and Commerce, put on a big party. They made a "soldier's hat" from paper with greetingsfrom all.complimentary. I said to them, "Well, all you are doing is saying you are glad to get rid of me, and thanks a lot." But it was a great experience. ThereThey presented it to you!GT:CW: I still have it. At any rate, they were very274
    CLARK L. WILSON #8was one other relationship that was very interesting.GT: CW: GT: CW:GT:I have previously mentioned that Wayne Aspinall from Colorado had "lots of clout" as chairman of the House Interior Committee. The movie industry of the United States built a building that's across the mall from the front of the White House and north of the Hay- Adams Hotel. When the movie Molly Brown came out, they put on an initial pre-showing for Wayne Aspinall and his friends in their own theatre. Of course, theyput on a nice buffet with cocktails. We were amongst the group that saw the first showing of Molly Brown in the United States. Every once in a while we participated in something like that that involved a little politics. Another one that was interesting was when Eisenhower was the president, he was presented a high honor from the United States' mining industry. They took over the Statler Hotel, and he made the big speech for this affair. He didn't show up at the banquet, but came in later for a discussion of engineering involved in World War Two.Is this the Statler in New York or Washington? I t was in W ashington.Now, when did you return back to Salt Lake?September 1, 1967.So you were there a full seven years?275
   CLARK L. WILSON #8CW: Right.GT: So your oldest child would have been into junior highthen by the time you came back. Did you live in one spot after you got out of the hotel and you got the family back there?cw: During the three months that I was in Washington prior to taking up residence, I looked around for housing, but I knew that I wasn't about to buy a house. I wanted Virginia to make that choice. So I got hold of a realtor, and they showed me around onrentals. On the western edge of Georgetown there was a spot just above Canal Road that had three or four homes that from the            of architecture they never should have been built in Washington. They were not very big Washington homes, and were just square boxes painted light blue. They were two stories high. Our front door was only fifteen feet from the neighbors. The young mother was the granddaughter of Mr. 3M Company. She was quite aware of her stature being the granddaughter of a great executive. Her husband was a nice young fellow, but he was just a clerk somewhere. He didn't amount to that much. Nice guy though. It was so incongruous that she was so important just because of this 3M relationship. They had a couple of little girls. The oldest one was276
    CLARK L. WILSON #8about the age of Ginger (our daughter) and was in the first grade. We were "renters" and I was a"lobbyist". They owned their home and were from an "old family". Ginger would go over there and play with the little girl. Once in a while Ginger would be playing over there and Virginia would go to theirdoor, and ask, "Is Ginger here?" "Yes, I'll get her." But Virginia was never invited inside that door. Well, this house turned out not to be all that great. It had been owned by a State Department person who had gone on foreign assignment somewhere, and that's why he could lease it. It was pretty dirty and I insisted that it be cleaned up. Just before we got ready to move East, Virginia informed me that she had a little nodule in her breast and that Dr. Wally Brook said that it ought to come out particularly if we were moving back East and running up against a new doctor who she might not be too happy with. So she went in Holy Cross Hospital and had this removed with a local as an "outpatient." About two days later we got in our car, a De Soto, with two kids, and headed across the country. The first night we made Steamboat Springs, Colorado. When we got up the next day, it.was raining. I debated whether to go on over Berthoud Pass or go up in Wyoming. We decided to make the pass277
   CLARK L. WILSON #8which we finally did. We got down the other side, andit was still early so we kept heading easterly, and it turned out we got on a highway that was being repaired. It was mud and it was a mess. We found some little place in eastern Colorado where we bunked for the night. This is the way the tour went. We got to East Chicago, where Virginia had a friend from Red Cross days, Sue Fisher, who had said, "Come and stay with us," so we went there. Virginia still had her stitches in, and the doctor had said, "Now, you canleave them in "so" long, but you have got to get them out." So Sue and I got in our car and took Virginia to the hospital and they "jerked" the stitches. This is the way we arrived in Washington. Virginia was a "real brick" to be able to stand that tour. We checked in at the DuPont Plaza Hotel, and the next morning went out to look at the house. Well, the job they had done was terrible. There were still spots of ketchup and egg on the wall and here was Virginia in no shape to start cleaning house. I was supposed to get back on the job. We finally found the janitor of the school nearby where the kids were going to go. He was a black fellow, and this was a new experience for the kids. We knew that we had to let them know that this was going to happen because here in Salt Lake278
    CLARK L . WILSON #8they had never seen a black. So Virginia lectured in a nice way on how you are going to see these other people, and they're "nice" people! Virginia said thejanitor was busy cleaning the kitchen. "Little" Ginger was sort of watching this and sizing him up. Finally, she told him--I'm not sure she said it in this way, but it sounded like--"Well, you're nice even though you're black." Anyway, we got over thatlittle hurdle. Then the problem was Virginia had to make new friends, and this was one of the tough parts of the move. Fortunately for us, when Virginia got out of the University of Utah in social work, she worked here in the county as a medical social worker at the county hospital. When the War came along, she joined the Red Cross. They sent her up to the Bremerton Washington Navy Yard and she had the top job under the field director. The Navy had a new big hospital developed in Seattle, and the officer in charge of it was Admiral Joel T. Boone. He was the most highly decorated medical naval officer in the United States ·Navy. He had the Medal of Honor for going out on the battle field in World War One and rescuing the injured, that sort of thing--a real"Tartar." Virginia has told me that the Seattle hospital was just "bang, bang, bang". Nobody could279
    CLARK L. WILSON #8get "out of line" there or they wouldn't be there very long. She took over the Red Cross as Field Director. Apparently, it was in some disorder and shestraightened it out, got it going, took care of it, and the admiral and his wife practically adopted Virginia. He only had one daughter, and she was married and lived elsewhere. Virginia and the Boones became very good friends, and this carried over to my marrying Virginia. I was "adopted" by the Admiral and his wife. Our kids looked on them as grandparents. That was a great relationship in Washington. Through them, he being a medical doctor, when something happened requiring medical help Virginia would callup and say, "Where do I go?" For instance, Raymond had some tooth problems as a result of an accident. The Admiral would say, "Call So-and-so." Virginia would call the secretary and say, "I'm Mrs. Wilson. Admiral Boon told me to call." Wham, you're in. So this was a real plus. Regarding the rented house Isaid to Virginia, "Now, look, we're going to be here for awhile. Take your time. Look around, and when you find something we'11 buy a home." In the meantime there were some people from Salt Lake that were there--Grant and Marsha Midgley whom we didn't knowvery well. Virginia happened to meet Marsha in the 280
    CLARK L. WILSON #8store one day, and as old acquaintances from Salt Lake City they invited us over to dinner. So that helped. We began to develop a few friends like that.GT: Midgley was the AA on the staff of Senator Moss. cw: They live in Salt Lake now. He has retired.It took about a year or so to get in the swing of all these little things that needed to be done, and then we bought our own home. It was out in the Mass. Avenue extended area near the Maryland line in a very nice residential area. It was a subdivision that was built by W. C. and A. M. Miller who were good builders in that country. A family from Georgia moved in across the street. Earle Cocke was, and still is, one of the best lobbyists in D.C. His wife was a civil engineer, a beautiful gal. Her father built the Brooklyn bridge. They had a little girl Ginger's age which helped. Madelaine Cocke and Virginia are still the closest of friends. This was a great family neighborhood. The school was a blockaway and a shopping center was nearby. I could use MacArthur Boulevard and be in my office in twenty minutes. My office was west of Connecticut Avenue on Nineteenth and M Streets.GT: You must have been pretty close to DuPont Circle, weren't you?281
   CLARK L . WILSON #8CW: I was just below DuPont Circle. So all in all itworked out very well. In fact, so much so, that when I decided to come back West there was a lot of feeling about, well, maybe we don't want to go.GT: The family was a little reticent about another move.CW:Our son Ray, a real bright boy, was in St. Alban's School for Boys (Episcopal). The public schools back there weren't all that good. Admiral Boone and ourinternist Dr. Worth Daniels who was an "old" st. Alban's person provided the recommendations that were necessary. We went down and visited with the headmaster who was just a great guy. He had been there for a long time. He was enjoyable and popular. He said, "Well, of course, you know there is a waiting list. We have these alumni and their children, but we'll see," but he got in there.He got in based on scholarship and "connections."It was just a terrific experience because these teachers were such that the kids didn't want to let the teachers down. Ray, was sort of a "slow guy" and come eleven P.M. I'd want to go to bed and he would still be studying. I would say, "Well, Ray, you have got to get some sleep." But he would keep working at it until he knew that he could go to school tomorrow and everything would be all right. We hated to pullGT: cw:282
 CLARK L. WILSON #8him out of there. It was tough. When we came back to Salt Lake we didn't know where to send him. We feltthat both children would benefit from private school and enrolled them at Rowland Hall St. Mark's. The staff was busy developing that school in those days. We sent both of them there. In Ray's case they just weren't challenging him like he had been challenged at st. Alban's. After a year at this small school, we decided he needed a bigger school to develop socially. We sent him out to Highland High, and that was a complete waste of a year. They were so far behind scholastically what he could do. Also a girl got hold of him, and even at that age, we said, "Gee, we just can't have this." So we got to thinking about sending him away to school as much as we hated to. Admiral Boone had gone to Mercersburg, Maryland Academy as a child. He had wanted us to send Ray there when we came back to Salt Lake City. The Admiral would know that Ray was doing all right. So, Ray returned East and finished three years of high school there. He was on the honor roll, and with that preparation he had no problem in going to a university. He picked Rice University at Houston,Texas, and graduated on the President's Honor Roll. GT: Did he?283
 CLARK L. WILSON #8CW: I had hoped that he would choose engineering and geta job out here in the mining industry. He's a bright boy in science, math and music. He was one of the best piano players they had in grade school. At Rice he got interested in psychology, philosophy, things like that. He met a girl there who he married. Infact, her father is a professor at Emery University at Atlanta, Georgia. It's a great family, great marriage, but Ray got so interested in music that it is his life. He graduated from Rice, and has finished another degree recently in music at the University of Houston. He plays the guitar. He teaches private students through a music school and high school. He's played with the Houston symphony. He's been on stage with Lily Pons.GT: Well, let's come back, and I want to talk a 1ittle more about your Washington years. How long did the Geneva meetings continue? Did they go on for several years?CW: Well, they were still going on when I left as I recall and continued for another couple of years. The high-cost lead-zinc producers were gradually shut down. As the manager for Anaconda in Utah we investedmillions of dollars in United Park City Mines, Park City, but it has since been closed. Tintic was closed284
 CLARK L. WILSON #8but is showing some signs of renewed interest. Thereis still some lead-zinc industry representation in Washington, D.C. conducted by a lobbyist who was at the Department of Commerce, but I don't think it is very active.GT: I'm sure it's much harder to do now that the third world countries are in, in a big way.cw: I would suppose so. Tell you what I am going to do. I •m going to call this friend of mine, not only on these old records, but ask him if he has any real current run-down on what the situation is.GT: So you would go a minimum of once a year to Geneva to be involved in this during the seven years that you were in W ashington?CW: Well, Geneva or somewhere else. (See lead-zinc summary item No. 106, Pg. 27.)GT: Or another location for the UN sponsored meetings. Now, in Washington you lobbied primarily for lead andzinc?CW: That was the only project that I was assigned. I didproduce a document summarizing the government stockpile purchase of lead and zinc for the American Mining Congress. (Representing the U.S. industry)GT: That was your area.285
 CLARK L. WILSON #8CW: Once in a while though I would work on silver. Forinstance, in the New Park ore we had gold, silver, copper, lead and zinc. But it's quite common for silver, lead, and zinc to occur together because they are deposited under the same scale of geological conditions. If there are two phases of mineralization, one of a higher temperature, theremight be gold and copper. That's probably what happened in the New Park, Mayflower Mine pearlfissure.published in Mining World magazine in 1959, at the Northwest Mining Association of Spokane, Washington, on December 1959; and at the American Mining A ssociation a t Denver, Colorado on December 14, 1959. There's a problem in attending the American Mining Congress meetings, they may have the same spokesman for a particular metal every year. It is a "big" meeting. We discussed all of these metals each year. People begin to get tired of the same "face". Simon Strauss, Vice President of ASARCO, was and still is the world's great expert on silver. Finally, one year he said to me, "Why don't you do the silver speech? They get tired of hearing me all the time." I alwaysYou'd occasionally work in silver.GT:CW: Yes, I will furnish a copy of an article on silver286
    CLARK L. WILSON #8talked about lead and zinc at those meetings as long as I was there because that was my permanent assignment.GT: As you look over those years, you went through the Kennedy administration and the tail end of the Eisenhower administration. You were there during the Kennedy years until his death in '63, and then you went well into the Johnson, virtually through the Johnson years. Name for me who were the key political players in Congress that you could rely on. You'vetalked about Clinton Anderson who was there in that time and you have talked about Wayne Aspinall who was also there during that time, as I recall. Who else would you look to as the really substantial politicians that you could turn to when you really needed something to happen? Anybody out of the East?CW: No, not particularly. Some of the congressmen would get interested in lead and zinc if there was production from their area. I remember there was one in Kentucky and New York. But it seemed like they weren't from the wild-West pioneering states with an economy founded on mining. It was generally the folks out West who through the Department of Interior were active. Also, Interior didn't mean as much to the eastern states, but out here minerals were of287
 CLARK L. WILSON #8interest to the Congress as they looked at mining on the public lands. Through that interest they had some stature in Congress that some of the others really didn't have and probably didn't want.GT: Now, let's see, Udal was Secretary of Interior during that time, wasn't he? I am struggling a little to remember my history of the interior secretaries, but as I recall he was in because those were the democratic years.CW: Yes, he was.GT: Any dealing with him?CW: Oh, we generally didn't even try to bother at thatlevel unless one of our company representatives happened to have an in with him and wanted to make a social call or something like that. The real problem was that these lower-echelon folks were the ones that really set up the policy. They might have had some directives from up above that were "international". They weren't "national" on this kind of a subject. I really had to convince the "lower individual" that we had a case or we didn't get much help up on top. It had to be a real personal relationship with the top person to get there, and then you're up against national policy. It's tough to buck.288
 CLARK L. WILSON #8GT: The experience must have sharpened your skills as acommunicator and salesman a good deal. Essentiallythat's what you were doing.CW: Well, that's right. I had never sold magazines as akid but by golly I'd just walk into an office and give them my card, and tell them who I was, who I represented from their state, and why I was there, and ask who I should talk to. If it was something pretty foreign to them they would fumble around andfinally call somebody over. I would sit down and chat with him or her for a while, and try and get some reaction as to how interested they were. Once in a while I would just walk in because the person was on a certain committee. A ll these people were individuals which made it interesting. I can remember there was a congressman from Kentucky. He was sort of an old backwoods type. I used to play a game and say to myself, "Well, I am selling the Saturday Evening Post. I wonder how I 1 m going to get along in here." So I walked in and I was there for a half hour of very pleasant conversation. I don 1 t recall that he was ever a great supporter of anything, but at least it made you feel like that half hour was worth your day. No, I have never been a salesman at all. I've289
 CLARK L. WILSON #8never been the greatest extrovert, so it was a good experience.GT: I kind of want to jump ahead just a second with this question. It's something that interests me. Your career took quite a different turn after you came back from Washington and became a manager and maybe somewhat of a "broker" in one sense in running alarge operation with quite a few various parts to it; some that were related and some that weren't. Years in Washington sharpened your skills a good deal for running that kind of operation? Is that an important time to you?CW: An interesting thing was that I still had to deal out here with the Utah and Nevada legislatures. Nevada and Utah were really my bailiwick and also with some properties in the Death Valley, California area. Of course, I was again involved with the Utah Mining Association. I had started in Nevada as a day's pay laborer in the mines (1935) before I was at New Park Mine in Park City. At the time I became mine superintendent at New Park and attended the Utah Mining Association meetings, and was the president of the Association in 1957 here before I went east. After coming back from Washington I became active in the Utah Mining Association representing Anaconda290
    CLARK L. WILSON #8with the Park City, Tintic and beryllium activities. And once again I was elected president in 1972. Wedecided somewhere along the line that we needed a public relations program for the Utah Mining Association. I was the first chairman of that. The way we got into that was one of the Freeds who runs Lagoon came to Mike Romney who was the full-time executive of the association. Freed asked, "Why don't you folks sponsor an old mining town out here in theLagoon resort?" Mike talked to me about it. We were old-time friends. Mike and I always seemed to talk about the association business whether it was my business or not. Anyway, the result was we asked for volunteers, and I think there was Paul Rattle who was then with the American Gilsonite Company and five or six of us took a trip out there and looked around. What Freed wanted was something that he could make money on, and we were supposed to'do all the work. He wanted a head frame, a mine hoist, a hoist house and some mining equipment. We decided that wasn't the kind of project that we were after, but we still thought that we ought to do something like that. So we formed a Public Relations Committee, and I was the chairman. From this we got involved with a friend up here at the Museum of Natural History.291
 CLARK L. WILSON #8GT: Don Hague?cw: Don Hague. I didn't know Don at all. I remember theold University of Utah geology department mineral exhibit when I'd gone to school up here, so somehow or other we got in touch with Don and talked about mining industry participation. It was about that time that Merlin Norton in Salt Lake bought a great mineral collection which is over there on display. Don was trying to improve this new museum feature. By this time Anaconda had been taken over by Atlantic Richfield. Atlantic Richfield was riding "high and handsome" and had lots of money. They did a lot of good PR work. The way I became interested in the museum project was through Dr. Wally Brooke, who was born in Montana mining country and was working with Don Hague on trying to redo the museum. They'd prepared a slide show of what they wanted to do with the museum. They had a pretty good show. Wally Brooke had "worked" on both Virginia and me. As an old friend he called up and said, "I'd like to bring Jules Dreyfus and Don Hague down and show you this slide show, then we want to go around and use it to raise money." They brought it down to the Anaconda office for a showing. They had a pretty good presentation. My comments were, "In the first place,292
 CLARKL . WILSON # 8it's too long. You can't convert a "heathen" to a "Christian" after so many minutes." "You've got to include this and drop that." So they worked it out. The result was that they started with the public. I wrote a letter to the ARCO Foundation asking for a donation. Incidentally, it's getting tougher and tougher with that ARCO source. The company used to match employee contributions two for one; six months ago it was one to one; as of a month ago it is nowone of mine and half for ARCO, for which I can't blame them. I got a grant for twenty thousand bucks for the museum. This is what really kicked off the rebuilding of that new mineral exhibit. So along with that we of the UMA committee decided, "Why don't we have a model mine adjacent to the mineral exhibits." Mike Romney, the former manager of the Utah Mining Association had passed away along about this time. He'd had some old mining artifacts that the family donated to the museum. "Why don't we put up a Romney Mine?" Don Hague asked, "Fine. How do we do it?" I said, "Well, you bring a couple of your people up to Park City. I'11 meet you up there. Bring a pickup truck." I took them up the Thaynes Road to the old mining company tramway, from the Silver King Mine to the railroad line where they picked up a load of mine293
    CLARK L. WILSON #8timber. I donated a mine car from the Tintic Mining D istrict, Eureka, Utah. Also a d rill called a"stoper" from Park City. I gave them about a half a ton of high-grade lead-zinc ore from the Ontario Mine and an old "powder box" that we had found in the mine years ago. They wanted to get a view from inside a mine where you look down along the tunnel to the portal and daylight. We went in one of the tunnels of the Judge Mine up at the top end of Main Street, got back in there a little ways and they took a picture looking out to the portal of the tunnel. The illusionof distance in the mine exhibit is terrific. [END OF SIDE TWO]294
   Misnumbered--Pages 295 to 297 missing No material omitted
  THIS I S THE SECOND TAPE OF THE SEVENTH SESSION WITH CLARK L. WILSON, APRIL 15, 1987. [THE INTERVIEWERS ARE DR. FLOYD 0 'NEIL AND DR. GREGORY THOMPSON. THIS IS PART OF THE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #9.]GT: We've been talking about the Alliance tunnel and the view from inside looking out to the tunnel portal.CW:I was going to say that in connection with vocational guidance in the schools for many years, going way back to before I went to Washington, I would go around to the Salt Lake City schools and discuss the mining industry with a slide show. I mentioned this once before. All of the museum experience tied into my interest in vocational training. I haven't done any of that recently because I'm out of that program now. It was a good opportunity in the schools to suggest, "Now, go up to the museum at the University of Utah and see the mineral exhibit," because it is an excellent place for them to go.GT: As you look back over these seven years you spent in Washington, what was the most significant piece oflegislation that you got through?CW: That could be an embarrassing question. Sometimes youdon't have to accomplish enactment of a bill to get some results. As I recall, the only legislation that generated action was the flexible quota bill. But the point is, I certainly had to continually advertise298
 CLARK L. WILSON #6our cause and convince a lot of people that the u.s. lead-zinc industry was in trouble. It was veryGT: CW:interesting how often I would get a call from one of the congressional offices saying, we have heard this, or we have read this, or what about this. They'd even call and say what's going on in "my" state. So I was really the liaison person between industry and Congress.You became a resource person for them, didn't you. Right. I've already mentioned we called our organization the Emergency Lead-Zinc Committee. It was an informal affair. I was it. It was my officesupported by the industry. I filed a lobbying report as required by law on a regular basis. The organization was incorporated just before I left Washington so it was actually a corporation to protect not only the individual representing the industry but the companies who were supporting the activity. As time wore on and the industry changed, there wasn't need for a full-time representative.Did that go on very long after you left it?Oh, I would guess at this point maybe two or three years.So it probably got through the decade of the sixties? That's about it. Incidently, there were two or threeGT: CW:GT: CW:299
     CLARK L. WILSON #6other people that followed me. They weren't mining people, really. They were lobbyists, and they would go on to other lobbying jobs with other people.CT: So they used it as a stepping stone, right?cw: That's right. In fact, the fellow that followed me got a job with the St. Joe Lead Company, and I suppose he might even still be with them, if hehasn't retired.CT: Have you any other comments about your experience inthose seven years that you'd like to make for theinterview? We talked a little bit about your family. CW: I'd like to say this. From a standpoint of raising children in Washington, I think it's a great experience because we had all these great spots tovisit. The Smithsonian, of course, was our favorite. I might have mentioned this before, but in school Raymond had a music project and he decided to make aflute. I asked, "How are we going to do it." He said, "Well, I will get a piece of bamboo." We looked around town and there was no place that we could find bamboo in Washington. Virginia and I were going up to New York in February of that year to an American Institute of Mining Engineers meeting (AIME). We told Lindsey Johnson's wife that we needed some bamboo and asked where we could get it. She said, "We can get it300
   CLARKL . WILSON # 6in China Town." So she picked me up at the Statler Hotel. We went down there on the subway and wandered around and sure enough--we found a bamboo fishing pole. A Chinese man sold us one. I had him cut it in half. We got on the subway with it and rode up to the hotel. Some "friends" in the lobby "gave me the business" about attending technical sessions in NewYork harbor! The next morning I had to be back in Washington for a hearing and we had to take an early plane. So here we are, down in the hotel lobby and at the airport with two pieces of bamboo about five feet long and got on the airplane. When we got off in Washington, I had to go directly up to the "hill" to sit in on a congressional hearing. There was this great big black porter out there, a great guy. I said, "I need two cabs." So he got them and I put both bags in one cab with Virginia and was standing there with these two bamboo poles when I realized the cab was pulling out. I let out a yell that you could hear all over the airport. The cabby stopped so I gave Virginia the poles, and got in the other cab. I forgot to give the porter a tip. The next day Lindsey Johnson was down in Washington for some lead-zinc business. I used to ride out with him to the airport, so we could just sort of summarize the days work.301
   CLARK L. WILSON #6After Lindsey left, I thought, "You know, I feel bad about not giving that porter a tip yesterday." So I went out to the taxi area where the porters were and he was there--big as life. I went up to him and said,"Sir, were you here yesterday morning?" "Yes, sir." "Do you remember about eight-thirty (laughter] this couple came out and there was a man and a woman. They needed two cabs and this fellow had some fishing poles. Do you remember them?" He looked at me, thought a "minute" and said, "No, sir!" (laugh] I could just see the "wheels turning". "I don't want to get involved in a situation like this." So I didn't give him the dollar. [laughter] Now and then there were some crazy things, but it was a very rewarding experience, really. It makes you understand what government is. I know from experience that it's a very sloppy organization. I really have very littlefaith in the government operations. I don't feel that my tax payments are a good investment.GT: What about Virginia? You implied that she had a pretty good time once she got settled in and got a network going.CW: Oh sure. For instance she got involved with YWCA and was in charge of helping the transient girls get rooms and solving their personal problems. And302
 CLARK L. WILSON #6finally she developed enough personal friends that she could play bridge. We joined (thanks to some of my company people who belonged) the City Tavern, a famous club out in Georgetown. It is right on the B & 0 canal that was the transportation along the Potomac River. It's where George Washington used to sleep before he'd get on the canal to go up the river. We had to have a pretty good background to get in there,and we met many nice people. We enjoyed that relationship. The result was, we had a pretty well- rounded life. We also met with parents of other students at Ray's school, St. Alban's, real nice people. So all-in-all it was a highlight of our married life. We were busy and happy and we'd make occasional trips out here. Her folks were both dead-- mine were still living. Before we left Washington, my father died at Easter time, 1967, but my mother was still here. But all in all, I would certainly recommend this experience to anybody that'sinterested in how the government operates. I say"operates" not "works"!GT: Well, let's stop there for today, and tomorrow we'llpick up and talk about returning to Utah. Thank you very much.[END OF TAPE)303
   THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH CLARK L . WILSON ON APRIL 16, 1987. THIS IS THE EIGHTH SESSION, FIRST TAPE OF THE SESSION. THE INTERVIEWER I S DR. GREGORY THOMPSON. THE PLACE IS SALT LAKE CITY , UNIVERSITY OF UTAH, MARRIOTT LIBRARY. [THIS I S PART OF THE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTORYPROJECT. TAPE #10.]GT: Yesterday, Mr. Wilson, we completed our interview session with the comment, I believe, that after approximately seven years, you felt that you had contributed what you could to the lobbying effort forzinc and lead and that you were ready for a change, and you decided to come back to Salt Lake. What really prompted that decision to come back to Salt Lake City?CW: I suppose that the work that I was doing was really becoming repetitious. This business of trying to gain passage of industry legislation in the Congress apparently wasn't going to happen. If I can't accomplish something, and I recognize that it can't be accomplished, then there's no use beating my head against it. I think I previously mentioned that this lead, zinc executive committee consisted of the top executives of all the producing compa!lies I represented. The original organization had been "aided and abetted" by c. Jay Parkinson who was a Utah native and at that time vice president ofAnaconda in New York City.304
 CLARK L. WILSON #10GT: He later became president.CW: That is correct. I can recall prior to 1960 that heoccasionally came out to Salt Lake and met with the Utah Mining Association over lunch at the Alta Club, so we'd get caught up to date on what was going on politically and otherwise. I remember talking to him while walking on South Temple back towards Main Street imploring him to please keep something going because our industry certainly needed help. This wasprior to the time I moved back there. It could have been two or three years. Jay being the extrovert that he was and still is was sort of our leading spokesman. When I wanted to initiate action by the committee and thought I needed some guidance, I would call him in New York, and say, "Look, I would like to run this by." He would either say, "Fine, go ahead" or "I'll pass it along or write the committee a memo" or "Go ahead and do it," something on that order. When I began to think that the Wilsons should leave Washington and "get back to the mountains", I called him and said, "Jay, I would like to come up and talk to you." This is like on a Tuesday. He said, "Well, why don't you come up Thursday and we'11 chat and I'll take you to lunch at the Mining Club." This Club was on the top floor of his office building at Number305
    CLARK L. WILSON #10Ten Broadway. So I flew to New York, went to his Anaconda office, and after the usual banter, he said,"What's up?" I said, "I have certainly enjoyed this opportunity in Washington and greatly appreciate everything you've done in the way of leadership." Jay could "quiet down" some of the "wild" executives who were on the committee and sometimes had ideas thatreally weren't too practical. He was very nice. He said, "You know, we certainly appreciate your coming back and working for the industry. You have done a good job and I hate to see you go." He also said, "Why don't you work for Anaconda?" I said-, "Look, Jay, I didn't come up here to 'rustle a job'. I just came up to tell you what I think I ought to do for myself and my family." He said, "Well, why don't you work for Anaconda?" I said, "Again, I'm not rustling a job." He said, "Just a minute." So he picked up the phone, and called Jack Hall who was two or three years younger than I am, and who followed me through the University of Utah, had worked in the Tintic District and then gone back East to one of the bigger open-pit mining companies. From there he had been picked as the vice president of mining for Anaconda. Jay said, "Jack is out at the Anaconda Mine in Yerington, Nevada. Probably on a little vacation out306
 CLARK L. WILSON #10there." He was kidding a little bit. He said, "Look, you call Jack Monday morning." "Fine." So we went down and had a nice lunch. Monday morning I was in myoffice and the phone rang and it was Jack. Jay had already gotten back to him and said, "We've got to do something for Clark." Jack said, "Well, I understand you want to work for Anaconda." My answer, "Well, I don't know. You tell me." He said, "Well, as you know, we have established a new office of resident manager for Anaconda in Salt Lake. In connection with that the company decided to build a new geological research center in Salt Lake. At the same time they expanded the operations to include their geophysical department which was housed in an old shack out atthe old Tooele smelter. They also decided to get their offices out of the Kearns Building which had been from time immemorial the offices of International Smelting and Refining Company which had the Tooele smelter and the copper refinery back in New Jersey. In connection with that they decided to set up a "resident manager" who would supervise all the Anaconda operations in Utah, Nevada, and California. There were about three of them in California and an iron ore deposit north of Cheyenne, Wyoming. There was a fellow by the name of Dick307
 CLARK L. WILSON #10Stewart who was in the Anaconda mining research department in Montana. I guess he had spent his career there after graduating from the Colorado School of Mines. They decided to do away with thatresearch department for some reason or other and sent Dick down to the Y erington open p it copper mine, in western Nevada. The manager there was Ray Burch, a short-statured, heavy-set, husky little guy, and he had been there, I guess, all his career. He was the "king". It was a small community. It was there because of the open-pit copper mine.GT: No doubt had a lot of power in that community.CW: Oh, he sure did. and he just did not like DickStewart's personality. They were not getting along. So Jack Hall, I guess, took the easy way to establish Dick as the resident manager here in Salt Lake in the Kearns Building, but Jack was not happy with Dick. One of the things I found out was that Dick wasn't keeping up with his monthly reports and keeping communications going with Jack so that New York knew what was happening. Based on this conversation with me, he said, "What we will do is go ahead and restructure the mining research department at this new Salt Lake installation with Stewart as the director." Fortuitously, the front of the New308
    CLARK L . WILSON # 1 0Anaconda building was a two-story affair with a,"sub-basement". Being two stories they decided that on the upper floor they would have the manager's office with space for his secretary and all the files, and a real nice conference room. They would have the legal department in the building instead of going to the Van Cott firm all the time. They got Howard Edwards from the Van Cott firm to head thelegal department.That's when they brought him over. That would have been in 1967.GT:CW:GT:CW: There was also LeGrande Young, an Anaconda lawyer.In '67 as you were coming back.After a year or two Howard Edwards was taken to New York to be Jay's personal head of the legal department. At that point Scott Matheson came in from the UPRR. Getting back to the building, the mining research department was placed in the basement. We had an entrance area with a dandy research library, all of the library volumes that the company had collected for years and years. That was more or less the legal and geological library. Then the next building back was an office for geologists, and each geologist had a nice office. He had a dandy drafting table, he had a file and a place for his books. The309
   CLARK L. WILSON #10center of the building was a big fireproof vault. It was a solid concrete block with fireproof map drawers and cabinets. There was also drafting area plus a lotGT: CW: GT: cw: GT: CW:of book storage. Then the third building in the rear was a geological research department and shop. Theoretically it was the best geological researchlab, I suppose, in the world, at least in the country. They even had advertising in the Wall Street Journal and other publications saying, "We are recreating the world." They had a beautiful red and black picturesque drawing showing the world in chaos and all this type of thing. It had to be the top geological research department at that time in the u.s.Now, was this the facility on North Temple? That's right.And what was the address on that?It is 1849 West North Temple.Okay.John Hunt was chief geologist. John Hunt's father is the dean of living geologists. He's ninety-four years old today (April 15, 1987)! He's a neighbor of ours. He was sort of the dean of the economic mining geologists in the country at the time that he was active (Dick died shortly after this interview) . John310
 CLARK L. WILSON #10sort of followed in his footsteps and spent most of his early career in Chuquicamata, Chile, so he was very familiar with the international scene. Anaconda brought in some top-notch chemists and research people to operate this lab. Several of their older geologists, of course, were stationed here, and thenthey brought in a cadre of young geologists including one woman geologist Diane Nielsen and her husband. She is now head of the State of Utah Geological Department.GT: I think her husband is on the faculty here at the University of Utah.CW: Is he?GT: I believe so.CW: I know he's involved up here somewhere. Maybe it isin the research department. But, anyway, it was a rather stimulating experience. I was in a spot where I was privy to know everything that went on. One of the big things that they were "playing" with was the drilling for Beryllium at Topaz, Utah. Brush Beryllium Company controls that area now. Anaconda came in and picked up isolated claims that had been located by some of the local people. Anaconda also had a claim-staking project of their own, and they became involved with would-be claim staker311
    CLARK L. WILSON #10[PAGE 1 OF LETTER FROM THE ANACONDA COMPANY, GEOLOGICAL DEPARTMENT, MARCH 23, 1973, TO MR. JOHN P. HUNT]312
                 Ofogical DepartmentMarch 23, 1973Ownership Turner-GeorgeBeO 0.87Ave. %Tons BeO Tons % BeOTons Total238,195(Mistey Day-Zephyr) Searle-Nielson;Miller, Terry, Ashby "co·nflict Area"(Mistey Day, Jane- Jasper, etc.)Total RainbowSearle-NielsonSearle-Nielson (Rainbow "Conflict0.780.85104,197 0.78332,392 0.79 Sundown Ore Zone1,041,3701,196,3700.78 1,145,5670.80 1,528,7620.74 52,0000.78 1,197,567Area" + Sundo'tvn)  .n...t!J ..c--              C o M P A N Y 1849 W. NORTH TEMPLE. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84116Mr. John P. HuntVice Pres. & Chief Geologist Primary         DivisionThe Anaconda CompanyP. 0. Box 11309TUcson, Arizona 85706Dear John:As requested over the telephone this morning, the follo'tving is a breakdown of the beryllium reserves of the Topaz Beryllium           East Group, Juab County, Utah. Included in the East Group are the Rainbow and Sundown Ore Zones. Also attached is a small scale Claim Mep of          Group showing ownership, conflicting ownership and berylli'um reserves.Onen Pit above 150' Ave. %, =:.-.i Underground below .LJVRainbow Ore Zone178,195 0.86 60,000 0.86(Rainbow Claims)Miller-Terry-Ashby 0.88 50,000 0.88 95,000 0.88 145,0000.74 52,000Rainbow and Sundo'tvn Ore Zones0.77 156,197 0.78 1,041,370
    CLARK L . WILSON # 1 0[PAGE 2 OF LETTER TO MR. JOHN P. HUNT SIGNED BY W. J. GARMOE]313
    Mr. John P. Hunt p. 2 March 23, 1973The majority of the beryllium reserves found on the Searle-Ni.elson claims are within the Rainbo'tv "Conflict Area." The ground \vithin the conflict area is also claimed by the Miller-Terry-Ashby interests. Searle-Nielson have undisputed ownership to 50,000 tons of beryllium reserves in the Sundown ore zone. The Sundotvn Ore Zone is a portion of the southwest extension of       Beryllium Corporation's Blue -Chalk ore body and could be mined as a part of Brush's present Blue Chalk pit.The beryllium reserves present above 150 feet in depth are assumed to be immediately available to mining by open pit methods. At some futuredate, exploitation of deeper reser\Tes below 150 feet 'tvould probably be by underground mining upon completion of open pit work.Previous underground and open pit test work on the Rainbow Ore Zone has produced a substantial amount of beryllium-bearing material. The Rainbow stockpile amounts to approximately 19,000 tons averaging 0.71% BeO.Yours very truly,WjG/lh W. J.       Encl.cc-C. L. Wilsonvrw/encl.)c. J. ParrII
     CLARK L. WILSON #10[MAP BY TOPAZ BERYLLIUM COMPANY-WEST GROUP OF BERYLLIUM CLAIM GROUPS]314
                 •.......-..- - ----··- ·-· ·.!·                      / _ /· -----\_ I J .:;- - - - - · - - - -        , _ . . . . . . .- - - -- - - - - - - - -- - -------... --·-·---- ,--- ·-...: -=..  .,,")N •------.........--.......----· -  -·--··-·--·-.:....·...----·-i---Miller- T erry- AshbyTurner- George Claim GroupSearle- Nielson West 8 East Claim GroupsClaimGroup--. '·.,\\...    II   ., ..-:::; ... !..:.;.:., .J/ --·;!     ....:....··-· '""' -·_/, : : . . . , . . . . . l., . . . . , , . . · · - . ; , , : -, • ._,• "/' ..... " -:·· ·-         .• U•;..l                              •.J... --: :   ,..•I,___       III     /I,. !·--·. I _--.----- II.!-/.        "\:..__ --··· "'·./ I---- ..., ..__
   CLARK L. WILSON #10[Typed from original dated June 20, 1971]Summary of Metal ResourcesSpar Mountain Beryllium AreaTopaz Beryllium Company and The Anaconda Company Juab County, UtahLocation: Forty-one miles northwest of Delta, Utah, in Thomas Range, six miles west of TopazMountain.General Largest known occurrence of beryllium in Description: world. Ownership of mineralized ground approximately equally divided between Brush Beryllium and Anaconda. Deposit occurs in an area of faulted and tilted recentvolcanic flow and pyroclastic rocks. Beryllium found in uppermost ten to twenty feet of a highly altered, white, tufaceous clastic volcanic rock dipping at about thirty-five degrees from horizontal.Last Reserve Calculation: Reserves: *May 1967"Possible"5,306,000 5,306,000By: W. J. GarmoeTotal Reason- ably Assured832,000 6,502,000 7,334,000 tonsTonnages:"Partially Developed"Open Pit (?) (Above 150 ft.in depth) UndergroundT otals; Av. Grade:Metal Content:Possible Gross Metal V alue:($4.00/lb. BeO)Total Geologically Inferred Reserves:High Grade Reserves: (All material + 10 ft.in thickness contain- ing + 1.0% BeO)832,000 1,196,000 2,028,000Av. Thickness: 8.6 feet 117,344,000 million lbs. BeO$469,376,0000.8%20 million tons 0.76% BeO 3 million tons 1.20% BeO315
    CLARK L. WILSON #10Summary of Metal Resources, June 20, 1971 (cont.)Property Status:Remarks:347 unpatented lode mining claims - Topaz Beryllium Company; 104 unpatented lode mining claims Moody Group. Topaz Beryllium Company and Moody Group 100% owned by Anaconda (Moody Group subject to contract of sale).Open pit and underground test mining completed in 1970. Approximately 40,000 tons of 0.77% BeO mined and stockpiled from Rainbow and Monitor Ore Zones during these tests. Near surface (+150 ft.) reserves w ill probably be mined by open p it methods; deeper reserves to be mined by underground methods. Property now inactive except for annual assessment work. Possible by- products: fluorspar, lithium, uranium, (?)."Beryllium Ore Reserves, Spar Mountain Area, Juab County, Utah", by W. J. Garmoe, May 1967. Letter to J. P. Hunt: "Topaz Beryllium Properties Summary of Ore Reserves", by W. J. Garmoe, September 3, 1970.*Source:Date reviewed: June 20, 1971 Salt Lake City, Utah316w•.J. Garmoe
   ral Description:Reserve Calculation:       of Hetal Resources     Mountain Beryllium AreaTopaz Beryllium Company and The Anaconda CompanyJuab County, Utahfprty-one miles northwest of Delta, Utah in Thomas Range, sixmiles w st of Topaz Mountain.Largest known occurrence of beryllium in \vorld.            of mineralized grourid approximately equally divided between Brush Beryllium and Anaconda. Deposit occurs in an area of faulted and tilted recent volcanic flow and pyroclastic rocks. Beryl-lium found in uppermost 10 to 20 feet of a highly altered, white, tuffaceous clastic volcanic rock dipping at about 35 degrees from horizontal.May 1967 By: W. J. Garmoe·"Partially Totalrves:*ages:en Pit (?) (Above 150 ft.Developed"832,000 1,196,000 2,028,000"Possible"5,306,000 5,306,000Reasonably Assured.832,000 6,502,000 . 7,334,000 TonsdergroundGrade:1 Content:in depth)Totals:lUle       i..it:L.al         4.00/lb. BeO)0,8% BeO Av. Thickness: 8.6 feet 117,344,000 million lbs. BeO$469,376,0001 Geologically Inferred Reserves: 20 million tons 0.76% BeO Grade Reserves: 3 million tons 1.20% BeOmaterial + 10 ft. in thickness containing + 1.0% BeO)     Status:rks:    reviewed: June 20 1971347 unpatented lode mining claims - Topaz Beryllium Company; 104 unpatented lode mining claims - Moody Group. Topaz Beryl- lium Company and Moody Group 100% O\vned by Anaconda (Moody Group subject to contract of sale).Open pit and underground test mining completed in 1970. Ap- proximately 40,000 tons of 0.77% BeO mined and stockpiled from Rainbow and Monitor Ore Zones during these tests. Near surface(+150 ft.) reserves will probably be mined by open pit methods; deeper reserves to be mined by underground methods. Property now inactive except for annual assessment work. Possible by- products: fluorspar, lithium, uranium (?)e"Beryllium Ore Reserves, Spor Mountain Area, Juab County, Utah", by W. J. Garmoe, Hay 1967. Letter to J. Pe Hunt: "Topaz Beryl- lium Properties -Summary of Ore Reserves", by W. J. Garmoe, September 3, 1970.Lake City, Utah'    J . G a r m o e
       CLARK L. WILSON #10(Typed from original dated October 30, 1968]Summary of Metal ResourcesSpor Mountain Beryllium AreaTopaz Beryllium Company and The Anaconda Company Juab County, UtahGeographic Index No. J12-1-f-XI Last Ore Reserve Calculation: May 1967Reserves: * Ore ZoneRainbowSouth Rainbow& SundownMonitor 10.0Robyn 9.6South Wind 6.5 1.00 1,000,000 T.B.C. EastGroup 7.4 0.43 125.000Total Reason-ably AssuredReserves 8.6 0.80 7.2 million tonsMetal Content: 115.5 Million lbs. BeOGross Value @ $4.00/lb. BeO: 462 Million DollarsTotal PossibleOre Reserves: 7.6 ft. 0.76% 20 Million Tons(Assured + Indicated + Probable + Inferred)High GradeReserves: 10.8 ft. 1.20% 3 Million Tons(All material + 10 ft. in thickness containing + 1.0% BeO) Near Surface Possible Open Pit Reserves -Thickness Ave.12.2 ft. 7.80.80 1,400,000 tons"" " ""Rainbow and Monitor Ore Zones:Stripping Ratio± 11:1 Waste to ore ± 19:1 Waste to oreAve. Thickness8.6 8.8% BeO0.72 0.72Tons536,000 871,000317By: W. J. GarmoeAssured + Indicated i0- BeO + Probable Ore0.51 750,000 0.75 2,100,000 0.88 1,800,000
 CLARK L. WILSON #10summary of Metal Resources, October 30, 1968 (Cont.)Possible By-Products:current Status:Mineability:Remarks:*Source:Fluorspar, Lithium, Uranium (?)Topaz Beryllium Company 80% owned by Anaconda; Moody claims 100% owned by Anaconda.** All property conflicts with Brush Beryllium have been resolved. Negotiations now in progress to acquire Eight Ball Claim Group. (**subject to contract of sale)Near surface reserves will be mined by open pit methods. Deeper reserves to be mined by underground methods.Drilling program now in progress to more accurately delineate near surface reserves and obtain information proposed for incline shaft site. Program essentially 75% complete. New ore reserves for Rainbow and Monitor ore zones to be calculated and submitted by December 15, 1968."Beryllium Ore Reserves, Spar MountainArea" , Juab County, Utah, by W. J. Garmoe, May 1967.Anaconda reportw. J. GarmoeDate Reviewed: October 30, 1968 Salt Lake City, Utah318
         RobynSouth WindT.B.C. East GroupTotal Reasonably Assured Reserves9 . 6 6.5 7.412520007.2 Hillion Tons      OF r.lr.:TAL rEsouRcEs. SPJR            BEJ(YLLILJfr1       TOP/-\Z BERYLLIUM (a,\PANY Af ID Tr:E f!J\1/\CONDA Co\'iP/\NY JUAB COUNTY, UTAHGEOGRAPHIC INDEX NO. J12-1-f-XI Last Ore Reserve Calculation: May 1967By: W. J. GarmoeAssured + Indicated + Probable Ore ""- II,, "20 Hillion TonsReserves:*Ore ZoneThickness 12.2 ft.Ave. %BeO 0.800.51 0.75 0.88 1.00 0.43RainbowSouth Rainbow &       Monitor 10.01,400,000 TonsTotal Possible Ore Reserves 7.6 ft. 0.76% (Assured + Indica Led +        le   Inferred)High Grade Reserves: 10.8 ft. 1.203 Million Tons BeO)7.8750,000 2,100,000 1,800,000 1,000,0008.6115.5 Million Lbs. BeOMetal Content:Gross Value @$4.00/lb. BeO 462 Million Dollars(All material + 10 ft.Near Surface Possible Open Pit Reserves - Rainbow and Nonitor Ore ZonesStriEEing Ratiot 11:1 Haste to ore t 19:1 Waste to oreTons 536,000 871,000in thicknes s containing + Ave. Thickness %BeO8.6 0.72 8.8 0.72Possible By-Eroducts: Fluorspar, Lithium, Uranium (?)Current Status:Nineability:Topaz Beryllium Company 80% owned by Anaconda; Moody claims 100% o\vned by Anaconda.·j· All property conflicts \<7ith Brush Beryllium have been resolved. Negotiations now in progress to acquire Eight Ball Claim Group. ("l" subject to contract of sale)Near surface r eserves wil l be mined by open pit methods . Deeper reserves to be mined by underground methods..Drilling program now in progress to more accurately delineate near · surface r eserves and obtain information proposed for incline shaftsite.         essentially 75% complete. New ore reserves for Rainbow and Monitor ore zones to be calculated and submitted by December 15, 1968 ."Beryllium Ore !'GS2rvcs , Spor Nountain Area", Juab County, Utah, Anaconda report by W. J. Gnrmoc, May 1967.. W. J. GarmoeRemarks:*Source :··'Date             Salt La!·e City, Ut2hOctober 30 , 19680.801. 0%
    CLARK L . WILSON # 1 0opportunists. There were three large blocks that the company was able to purchase, and they paid some pretty good sums of money to get some ofthat.CW: We located some additional claims in the name ofTopaz. All of these other blocks were included into Topaz Beryllium Company. The big problem with the beryllium industry was that there wasn't an established metallurgical process for extruding the metal from the beryllium oxide mineral. The company had established a beryllium metal fabricating companyin New Jersey with an expert who was working on fabricating processes, and trying to develop a commercial market. Beryllium Company of America and Brush Beryllium in Montana were the only producers and fabricators of the metal. We weren't privy to any of their information. So Anaconda set up a lab at the smelter at Anaconda, Montana, and had their top metallurgist doing everything he could to figure a commercial process. I guess it was along about this time that they also decided to put in the best metallurgical research department in the world in Tucson. They were also getting involved in the open- pit copper business southwest of Tucson, Arizona, so they purchased a section of ground on the highway319
    CLARK L. WILSON #10leading southeast out of Tucson, and built a real fancy metallurgical lab that was supposed to be the best in the world. They moved all their Montana metallurgical research there. They were working on new methods for extraction and refining of metals, particularly beryllium. The process was not successful and the company lost interest inBeryllium. All of these mining claims that Anaconda had down here in Topaz were practically given away to the Brush Beryllium company. The results of all the Anaconda metallurgy really weren't successful in producing a commercial metal product, and that affair was just closed down and written off.still sitting there. They're trying to sell it.CW: We had a lot of "fun" (we being the people in Salt Lake office) with the Topaz drilling operations. We combined all these Topaz properties into the one company, Topaz Beryllium Company. I was president and there were a few "outside" shareholders because we did trade stock in the company to obtain title to some of the adjoining mining claims. I remember there was one attorney who is still probably active down there. He was involved in Topaz BeO company as weIs that right?GT:CW: In fact, to this day the building S.E. of Tucson is320
    CLARKL . WILSON # 1 0purchased his mining claims with company stock and cash. We had a payment to him of a few thousand dollars every month. He didn't want the checks in the mail. He wanted them picked up, and he sent his wifeup to get them. I complained because she would always go to our lawyer, Howard Edwards, to pick up this check. I "complained" to Howard, and later on Scott Matheson, that as president I should handle the money. When she came in the lawyers would say, "Well, we are sorry, but we sort of like to visit with her,so you just stay over in your office!" GT: Stay out of it.CW: That's        It was a valiant attempt on the part of the Anaconda Company to make the operation go.GT: Brush Beryllium had "picked up" a large group . of claims to the west of ours.CW: It was an ideal open pit. It is in the Thomas range of mountains forty or fifty miles northwest of Delta. It was on the flanks of the bedrock and there was some surface alluvium, but they didn't have to go very deep to clean that off and expose the ore zone. I suppose the pit is pretty deep now, but as it started out it was a very reasonable pit operation. Our properties were to the east and south of Brush. Unfortunately our best deposit was dipping westerly321
   CLARK L. WILSON #10underneath some of the higher ground. So if we developed an open pit, the farther west we went, the higher the ratio of waste to ore became.GT: The tougher it got to extract.CW: That's right. The work we did was with bulldozers,and finally with some trucks. We did cut a big north- south trench along the outcrop of the BeO ore and removed as much of this ore as we could. We stockpiled it according to grade. We used scintillometers to assay the BeO content as the ore was mined and stockpiled it over a section of the ground that had no ore reserve. I have the scintillometer used in our checking the grade of ore that the library may have. Finally, this trench got to the point where we couldn't go any deeper. We still wanted to take a look at the deeper ore. From the bottom of the trench we ran a regular mine tunnel. It required heavy timber because it was in "loose ground". About that time there was a big mining machinery show over in Denver, in connection with the annual meeting of the Colorado Mining Association. I attended those meetings to see the new developments. There was a new kind of mechanical mucking machine from sweden. I don't recall the name but it was mounted on a caterpillar tractor with an322
    CLARK L. WILSON #10extending boom hydraulically operated. On the end of it were a couple of wheels that were plus or minus two feet in diameter that were bolted together andarranged vertically with large tungsten carbide cutter teeth that were placed along the outer edge of the wheel and tightened with a set screw. As they wore down, we could pull them out and replace them. As the wheels rotated the teeth would chew away the soft material. We actually ran what probably was thefirst underground drift in a beryllium deposit at least in the United States. We had a little fun with it and a lot of people were interested. This was the first one of those foreign machines that had ever been used in the United States.GT: It was manufactured where?CW: It was manufactured in Sweden. It would certainly eatinto this softer mineralized material. It was very dusty so that we immediately had to put in a ventilation system and use water sprays to knock that down. There was enough interest that mining people from other areas came in to take a look. We had Hal Rumel, the great commercial photographer of that time, come down from Salt Lake and take a movie of that. I used to have it, but somewhere along the line I lost it.323
   CLARK L. WILSON #10GT: If it pops up again, we would love to make a copy ofthat. It would be of real interest to include that inthe files.CW: Well, I will look around. If I find the movie, it'syours. (It probably went to the University of Wyoming where the Anaconda records were sent). The Anaconda Company really didn't get the metallurgical process lined up to work and be successful, and they spent an awful lot of money on it.GT: What was the major problem?CW: It was a mineral that couldn't be recovered bystandard metallurgical processes. We "sold" the property to the Brush Beryllium Company. I understand their pit has now engulfed the Anaconda property. We also gave them all the geological reports. The RAC beryllium venture was closed out in December 1970. They aren't in the Anaconda records any more.GT: Now, what year, do you recall when that was sold?CW: No, but I would have that in my Anaconda monthly reports. The TAC beryllium venture was closed outDecember 1970.GT: Just generally were you involved with Topaz forseveral years after you came on board in 1967?Let's go back to settle. In your negotiations, I think you said the gentleman was Hall that Jay324
 CLARK L. WILSON #10Parkinson asked you to talk to, and that he called you.cw: That's correct. John "Jack" Hall.GT: When he made his offer to you to come back to SaltLake, did he specify what you actually would be doing, or how you would fit into this new structure that they were creating here? Because from your description, it was just beginning to come up and gelas a unit.CW: Yes he did. In the first place he let me know that hewas unhappy with Dick Stewart who was the first manager, and that Dick Stewart would be the manager of the mining research department which was his old forte. The mining research department would report to Jack Hall. The geological department would still report to Vin (Vincent) Perry who was the chief geologist and vice president in New York. But I was the head honcho of all these mining properties and mining companies. I'll furnish a list of those companies. I was president of thirty mining companiesin five mining districts.(see attached exhibit).GT: These are the ones that had been picked up in exchange for Anaconda stock to acquire theproperties.325
    CLARK L. WILSON #10CW: That's right. In the Tintic Mining District Anacondahad an interest in eighteen mining companies at one time. (Exhibit). Anaconda had purchased the control of the North Lilly Mining Company which had been one of the more successful mines over the years. I remember while employed at New Park having a trip to Eureka to see a new gold area underground. It was so valuable that at the entrance of the drift into the gold mining section they installed a heavy planked door and it was padlocked, so you couldn't get inthere unless you were escorted. It was a bonanza while they had that gold deposit. North Lilly in turn had stock interests in thirteen of these little companies in the district and the exhibit that I haveshows that. The Dragon Consolidated Mining Company which is on the south end of the district had stock interests in other Tintic companies. It had been a base metal mine to start with, and it developed as an open pit, the mineral being close to the surface, as well as an underground mine. It had an interesting alteration product that came about from alteration of sedimentary rocks by an igneous intrusion that also furnished the mineral solutions for the eventual ore mineralizing process. As these solutions moved through fractures and fissures and limestone, it326
 CLARK L. WILSON #10developed a rather rare type of clay called halloysite. It's h-a-1-1-o-y-s-i-t-e. And theinteresting thing about it was that it was a very good base for ceramic uses. The Filtrol Company of Los Angeles found out that it made a great filter medium. They had a lease on the Dragon ore deposit for many years, and had a research lab near Second or Third South and Redwood Road. This is one of the companies that I supervised. It wasn't much of a problem, and I visited the property once in a while to check on what they were doing, to see if they weredoing it "miner-like". They didn't want to go underground to mine the clay, but we finally convinced them that they ought to look at it. As I recall, we, as Dragon, had installed a head frame and a hoist to get the mine shaft in good shape for underground mining. It had been full of water and water preserved the shaft timber. We got the shaft pumped out and went in and started to develop a few little underground stapes to mine the clay. The cost of mining underground was such that there was no way to compete with an open pit operation. Eventually they mined out this deposit on the surface. Filtrol Company weren't miners. They didn't realize that "if you mine a ton of ore", you ought to be "looking for327
   CLARK L. WILSON #10another ton replacement." Eventually they just worked themselves out of it. It was a very interesting situation. There was a "strange" old man who was the big shareholder owner and president of the company down in Los Angeles. About a year or two after I came back to Salt Lake City, the lease that we had wasgoing to be up for renewal or cancellation. We didn't want to do the mining because they were in the business, so it was a matter of renewing the lease. This "old bird" was a real toughy, and I had been warned about him by some of my Anaconda friends who had had to dicker with him beforehand. I'd call him up on the phone, and he just let me know that he wasn't a miner and he wasn't going to talk to me about mining underground. All he wanted was the right to mine this great halloysite clay on the surface. Sofinally--this is when Howard Edwards was our attorney--! said, "Howard, we have got to go down and talk to that bird." We made arrangements that Jim Garmoe, who was our chief geologist here, and Howard and I would go to Los Angeles and visit him. We finally found the place, and a "lieutenant" took us into this fellow's office. It looked like a warehouse that had a little paint spread around in the office area. He had a big bookcase on one wall, and some old328
  CLARK L. WILSON #10plain brown thin drapes there to cover the books. So we started to "dicker." I would say, "Well, now,look, there is such a thing, you know, as developing ore reserves and you have to spend so much to keep yourself ahead of the mining." He said, "I don't want to talk about that. I just want an ore reserve there so that we can mine it and we can produce our filter materials, and that's it." And finally he got up and walked over and pulled the drapes apart. He had some pure halloysite. It was a beautiful white. It had a"porcelain look" to it. In fact, it had a conchoidal fracture the way glass will fracture. And he said, "This is the stuff that you sold me originally." And then he picked some of the material that had the iron and manganese stain in it. It cost them a bundle in order to try and leach those minerals out of there. He said, "Now, here is the "shit" that you're giving me now." I mean this is the kind of a person he was![END OF S I D E ONE]CW: Everything that anybody ever told me about him--Ireally "believed in spades" and it would have been wonderful to have had a tape of that meeting. Eventually the clay just ran out. They abandoned the deposit, got rid of their plant in Salt Lake, and I haven't any idea as to what they are doing now.329
   CLARK L. WILSON #10GT: That was it.CW: As far as the other properties were concerned, therewas lead, zinc, some gold and silver. We organized what we called the Tintic Unit Lease, and included property of seven TAC subsidiary companies around thenorth section of the Tintic District. In fact, we leased some Kennecott ground, so that we could fill in between some of the holes that we would have had with our own companies. That was an interesting negotiation because I was the manager for the company that was going to be the operator. I was also the president or Anaconda representative of the seven companies who were going to put their property in the package, plus having to negotiate between Anaconda asa lessee and Kennecott as a lessor. Our geology staff for many years had been studying these properties and had initiated a new study a year or so before I came back here using a couple of our good economic geologists. With this larger area of several thousand acres, the geologists could expand their target areas and get a better picture. The result was that Anaconda organized the lease between Kennecott and the Anaconda subsidiary companies. Since I was onboth sides of the lease we had to be very careful because all the stockholders of the little companies330
    CLARK L. WILSON #10would keep shooting us down if they thought we were"playing a game". We had a diamond drilling program on consolidated property, but unfortunately the targets that we were trying to develop were not commercial, so that the project "died on the vine" and the lease expired. The big project in that district was to finally consolidate as many of those companies as we could into one so we wouldn't haveall these unnecessary corporate structures. There were sixteen of the subsidiary companies to be merged into the North Lilly Management Company. Between the lawyers and geologists and myself, we had quite an experience. In the first place, we had to figure out a formula that would be fair to everyone concerned and we had to present this to the shareholders of each one of these companies. The lawyers had a good workout. We used the VanCott, Bagley, Cornwall &McCarthy firm. Scott Woodland was our attorney.GT: Spell his name for us, would you please.CW: W-o-o-d-1-a-n-d. Scott N. Woodland. He's still there,a good personality, a smart corporate attorney, nice fellow to work with. We had to prepare a proxy statement which had to be approved, of course, by the State of Utah and the SEC. Each of the companies helda shareholders meeting and we presented the proposal. 331
   CLARK L. WILSON #10We rented a room at the Holiday Inn on North Temple and Redwood Road for a week. We started these meetings on Monday morning with the proposal that allsixteen of these Anaconda subsidiary companies merge into the North Lilly Mining Company. For these subsidiary companies we had two meetings on Monday, three on Tuesday and four each on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. We'd troop over to the Holiday from the Anaconda Building. There was Jim Garmoe, our chief geologist, and Jim Torreyson from the Tooele Smelter who was the secretary/treasurer of each of these companies. We also had Phil Maynard who was in the smelter office at Tooele and assisted with bookkeeping. Our attorney, Scott Woodland, was our lessee "watch dog" and my secretary Lee Ruan. Brock would take notes. The meetings were all taped. We had Jim Quigley as a consultant. He is an independent consulting geologist here in town and who had startedout in the Chief Consolidated Mining property and married a Fitch girl, daughter of the Chief Consolidated Mining Company president. I had known Jim from Park City where he was doing work for another company, so we knew we had the best men we could get to serve as an "outside" director. He prepared an excellent geological summary on each one332
    CLARKL . WILSON # 1 0of these companies. I'd introduce the discussion and then introduce Jim Quigley who would give the geological story, and discuss the ratios of the stockexchange that he considered were fair. Scott Matheson (later Governor of Utah) would be there to answer any legal question. We at Anaconda had enough proxies on all of these affiliated companies to assure the consolidation, but we'd invite the shareholders to present their proxies and questions. Each one was a "full-blown" stockholders meeting. We'd vote, and, of course, I had the controlling Anaconda vote, so themerger was approved. It got pretty tiresome. Sometimes there wouldn 1 t be any shareholder there depending on the company. In some cases there might be six or eight attending.You did this for two weeks?No, we did it for five days. Monday through Thursday. That was sixteen. The following day was for North Lilly. There were seventeen companies total. As we would walk around the east end of the motel, going to the meetings, there was an interesting rock there in a rock garden. It was about, sixteen inches in circumference sort of rounded, and it was an "oddball" granitic type rock. It had a little white dike, looked like a quartz dike or layer runningGT: CW:333
 CLARK L. WILSON #10through it. For some reason or other--being a geologist I'm always looking at rocks--each time I passed it I had to say, "Well, there's our rock,still here." It turned out that when this week was all over Phil Maynard from the Tooele Smelter, who has a great sense of humor, had purloined that rock without my knowing it. In Jim Garmoe's Anaconda geological laboratory, they had a rock saw. It was a four foot plus circular saw and had diamonds around the circumference. They could cut rock like you wouldn't believe it. So the lab cut this seventeen pound rock in half and then cut the bottom off flat and made bookends out of it. Somewhere along the line, I guess it was on the last day, they presented me with the bookends. People asked me what the rock is, and I'd tell them that it's a very special rock.It's called "mergerite". Anyway, I have the only mergerite bookends "in the world" on my office desk at horne. It was a very interesting experience.GT: How do you spell the last name of the Anaconda geologist?CW: Oh, Garmoe? G-a-r-m-o-e. Incidentally, Jim finally retired from Atlantic Richfield about a year ago (1986). He was living in Reno. The company still has a geological field office there. He was a native of334
    CLARK L. WILSON #10Montana, graduate of the Montana School of Mines, and had spent his whole lifetime at Anaconda whichincluded South American exploration; Crested Butte, Montana; and particularly a lot of time here in the State of Utah. Since retiring he is consulting and 1ives here in Salt Lake now. He had moved to Reno before then as an employee of Anaconda. Jim had goodcorporate experience with Anaconda and I have involved him as a director and officer of both the Woodman Mining Company and the Success Investment Company. Both of these have mining claims in GoldH ill, Utah.Success Investment Company is a Wilson Familycorporation. Sooner or later I am going to be gone and my brother and sister don't have the experience to develop the Success properties. I am in hopes that having Jim available as an officer and director that he will be able to scrounge up some lessee to lease the Success property.John Hunt was the chief geologist for the Anaconda Company in Salt Lake and is now a private consultant. He and a group of his former geologists have a lease on the Woodman Mining Company property at Gold Hill and we hope that will result in some335
 CLARK L. WILSON #10exploration drilling. I am president and have a sizeable amount of stock.A gentleman in new Orleans had a lease on the Success Investment Company claims on the east side of the Gold Hill District but lacked the financing for a drilling program. It is now available for furtherleasing and exploration.GT: As you carne back and you got involved in Anaconda,you've given us some picture of how Anaconda was structured. You've talked about three divisions that I've picked up. Detail for us just very briefly because certainly we will get a written document, but I think it would be useful for this discussion to know how Anaconda was put together and how the reporting structure went in it.You mean when I came back?GT: Yes, as you entered into the group.CW: New York was the corporate headquarters and alwayshad been for many, many years, and all departments were headquartered there: mining, smelting, refining, geology, engineering, legal, and research. Out herein Tooele we had, as I mentioned, the International Smelting and Refining Company. The head office was really New York, and their properties consisted of the Tooele Srnelter. In fact, that's what you mightCW:336
 CLARK L. WILSON #10say, got Anaconda in to Utah. The reason for the smelter was that the company had the properties in Bingham Canyon plus the ones in the Tintic District. There is a paper on the IS&R smelter and I will get you a copy. It was written by Emil Steinbeck a manager who is one of the fellows that I would liketo have you interview. Once a company has a smelter, they have to be sure that there is "feed" for it or it is like having a grocery store without any groceries. In the early days ASARCO had theirs in Murray, U.S. Smelting had theirs in Midvale which created what is now a big environmental problem.(Sept. '89--currently being considered for covering or removal). This was the old Midvale concentrator and smelter of the U.S. Smelting Company. It's on the TV about every other night now.      should have removed those tailings at the same time they did at the Vitro uranium plant. If Bob Porter and I had our way, we would have moved the tailings to the west desert as a slurry by pipeline. It could have also handled the Midvale problem. The International Smelting and Refining Company lead and copper smelters were in Tooele and affiliated companies in Eureka and Park City provided lead ore to keep the smelter busy. u.s. Smelting Company had the big U.S.337
 CLARK L. WILSON #10underground lead mine in Bingham that was reached by a tunnel starting from Lark and going west underground around the south side of the Utah copper pit. The ASARCO Midvale smelter also had some leasesin Bingham Canyon. I suppose they also had some in Tintic. Their big one was a large interest in the old Silver King Coalition Mining Company in Park City. Incidentally, Anaconda pawned a stock interest in the Park Utah Mine in Park City. These properties were all operating full blast when I was going to college. I •d go to the AIME meeting, (American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers) here in Utah once a month. As soon as we got into the junior year at the University, we were encouraged to join as student members. It was a good idea in that we got on a better basis with our professors, but the point was that we were invited to come downtown to the AIME meetings here in Salt Lake. We were told it was anopportunity to say hello to an operator and tell him "who you are" and start a conversation. It was sort of a tough thing to condition yourself to start with, but once I got the hang of it, I realized particularly later on, that those contacts were the ones that were going to determine for whom and where I could work. I got off the track a little bit. As338
 CLARK L. WILSON #10far as these lead smelters were concerned, they were operating in good shape. During the War effort they were doing everything they could to produce all thelead possible. Afterwards when we had the letdown in metal consumption and the foreigners began to import, it got tougher. Some of these Utah properties werevery marginal as far as producing lead-zinc ores was concerned since we had no more government subsidies to help operate profitably. This finally resulted in the first closure which was the ASARCO smelter in Murray. And just guessing, I would say that it was probably in the mid-fifties. The Tooele smelter kept operating because we had some Tintic ores and also the Park Utah production in Park City. When the ASARCO Murray smelter shut down, it was about thattime the effort was made to consolidate the Park Utah and the Silver King companies as the United Park City Mines Company. When I was at New Park, we were shipping crude ores to the U.S. concentrator and smelter in Midvale, and the other Park City companies were shipping theirs either to Midvale or Tooele. When I returned to Salt Lake City in 1967 with Anaconda and became president of United Park we were shipping to Tooele, but the supply other than Park City became so erratic that we finally had to shut339
 CLARK L. WILSON #10the Tooele smelter down. That was a tough blow because mines couldn't ship crude ore clear up to Montana to have it milled and then send the concentrates to a lead refinery or a zinc plant. Theresult was that Anaconda and ASARCO decided on the United Park lease to form the Park City Ventures project. That was under my management. It included aconcentrator in Park City which we built. Going back a ways, when I first went to Washington, I remember hearing Cranmer saying, "If you find anybody back there through your associations that might be interested in leasing the Mayflower Mine, let me know." Les Randall, the president and manager of Hecla Mining Company at Wallace, Idaho, was quite active in the lead-zinc legislative problems in Washington, D.C. and would come to meetings there particularly when the American Mining Congress was holding meetings in Washington with people from mining companies from all over the country. I can remember sitting down with him one night, just chewing the fat, he said, "Do you know anyplace where we can get some good lead, zinc, silver properties? I mentioned to him that he should talk to Harry Cranmer at New Park. The result was he did, and they took340
 CLARK L. WILSON #10that mine over. They spent quite a bit of money not only underground, but they also built a concentrator.GT: On the property.cw: So Helca was able to ship lead-zinc concentrates. I'msure that the lead-silver concentrate was shipped to the Salt Lake Valley smelter as long as it remained open. When I came back here and took over Park City, Hecla was still operating. In fact, occasionally I used to go over there and go through "my old mine" on an escorted tour to see what they were doing. Incidentally, they had sunk the internal Mayflower Shaft that started at the eight hundred foot tunnellevel down to the thirty-two hundred foot level. When I got out of the cage into the igneous rock at that level it was HOT. I remember one level they had some cool air on the station that they would pump down there, and they said, "Take a walk out onto that cross-cut." I couldn't go a hundred feet before I knew darn well I was going to "die" if I went any further. But the mine was getting pretty tough to operate at those lower depths, so they finally shut that down December 31, 1972. It has been sitting there ever since.GT: Did the group that took it over, (Hecla) did they341
 CLARK L. WILSON #10make money for a while out of it? Did they make their money that they sunk into it?cw: Yes, they were darn good operators. There wasn't any doubt about it, and as long as the prices were reasonable, the ore deposits were of such a type that they could be mined commercially underground. They did a good job, but a combination of depth with heatgot too tough. They were realistic and shut down, andgave up the lease.CW: One of the projects that we considered when werejuvenated the United Park Mine as Park City Ventures, was a crosscut to be driven south between some of     lower workings in the Park Utah Mine south into the New Park Mine. That didn't happen.Another company that I haven't mentioned is the Park City Consolidated Mining Company. If you are familiar with Deer Valley where the lodge is, the portal of the "Park Con." tunnel is on the east side and just a little bit to the north of the lodge. You can see some scars on the hillside, and that was the entrance to the Park City Consolidated Mining Company that was developed, while I was at the University of Utah.GT: Is that the lower lodge?342
 CLARK L. WILSON #10CW: Right. Next time you are up there, you can see thosescars. They drove a drift to the east above the level of the valley for their first level. This is the entrance to go into the hill to gain access into the vein and to have storage room above the railroad track that was extended from Park City into Deer Valley. They established an underground hoist roomand sunk a shaft into the foot wall of the Park City Consolidated fissure system. They had water like you wouldn't believe. Floyd Wiles was the manager. I can remember he drove a great big old Cadillac at the time. They used the first submersible pumps that were made by Byron Jackson Pump Company in Southern California. The secret of them was that they were small in diameter about twelve to eighteen inches, with a the number of stages in the pump, according to how many feet the water was to be raised. The pump had a specially designed electric motor to fit into that same configuration. The motor was on the bottom, and then came the pump, and that whole thing hooked into the bottom of the pump column. This was lowered down towards the bottom of the hole below the level that they were going to try to explore. The ground was so well fractured that once they started the pump it drained the water into this hole and pumped it to343
 CLARK L. WILSON #10the surface. They dumped it out in that valley, butit could have been that they had to flume it a ways to be sure they weren't feeding it back into the fissures that they were trying to drain.GT: There's a natural catch basin just to the north.cw: I think perhaps what they had to do was flume it on out to the entrance of Park City town because theground was so badly fractured.GT. It would drain on back in again.cw: There was an interesting fact about Gloyd Wiles. Ifsomething went wrong with a pump, and this was in the days before commercial airlines, he and his chauffeur would put the parts in the car, and they'd head for Los Angeles. They'd trade off driving and make a non- stop trip.GT: To get it repaired.CW: Well, the part would be there, and they would get itrepaired, then they'd turn around and come right back. I suppose they could make a trip like that in about forty-eight hours. The Park Con. was closed I suppose, about the time I was in Washington when metal prices were low. One of the projects we had when we had Park City Ventures was to sink (deepen) the old Ontario No. 3 shaft. We got down to the twenty-four hundred foot level, and started to drift344
  CLARK L. WILSON #10to the east. We were between two large east-west fissure systems. The one that was in the Park City Consolidated property and the McHenry Fault which was the principal Park Utah system. We were in the centerof that, so we were sort of protected from the water on the north and on the south. We had plenty, but we were protected from the large flows. The thought was we would get out there far enough and then make a drive to the north to get way under the Park Con. Mine workings. Of course, we would have had some trouble getting through this fissure system which we could have handled but would have had to pump the water. Ventures closed down before we could finish the work. It's still a very good exploration project. Somebody just has to be brave enough at some future time when the metal price is right, and they can still go in there and complete this project. The other project was to drive south and get underneath the Mayflower Mine workings. That will be plenty wet too, but someday I suppose someone will do it. (2-23- 88--The proposed Draper drain tunnel under Alta to Park City would revive the district. It would also drain the proposed Jordanelle Reservoir--CLW).GT: The main obstacle in that whole area is water, isn't it?345
 CLARK L. WILSON #10cw: That's right. In fact, the mining company'sopposition to the Jordanelle Dam and Reservoir is based on our premise of geological knowledge and mining information. We have mapped all the Park city fissures, there is a multitude of them, that strike east-west into the Park City District and rightthrough the Jordanelle Valley, and into that low mountain range to the east. There's been enough surface geology and some underground tunneling to map these structures. We even drilled some diamond drill holes on the east side while I was with Anaconda to go down and check some of this structure. It's a good potential mineral area at some time in the future. But once the Jordanelle Reservoir is in there, no oneis going to spend money to go down and explore below Keetley V alley.It just compounds the water problems, doesn't it?GT:CW: Well, that's right, absolutely. From my experience inWashington, D.C. I have a very "jaundiced" opinion of technical government employees generally. Sure, you run into some good ones, but the "old government professionals" I would NOT consider hiring! I might have mentioned this before, but in dealing with the Jordanelle Dam and Reservoir project we (Anaconda and United Park City Mines Company) spent lots of time,346
 CLARKL.. WILSON # 1 0lots of money, mapped lots of geology and made lots of speeches in opposition to this project. The rocks at the dam site are not competent and are badlyfaulted. With regards to the "head" geologist for the Bureau of Reclamation in Provo--it's sad to think that our government would hire a person who would conduct himself "geologically" the way he has done. There was one "good man" in the BOR Salt Lake City office whom we got to know pretty well and who I would hire. He fully understood the problems with that area. There was also one geologist with the State of Utah who understands the problems with that site and put his opinion in writing. I had the opportunity to quickly review his report, but the State would not release it to us. (construction ofthe dam started in 1989) ..Some of the Utah state "water people" accused usof being ignorant and more or less insulted us in several public meetings about water source and drainage. They didn't know the first thing about the underground mine water conditions in Park City Mines. We offered to take them into the mine and look around. They weren't interested in that. We've seen and handled water underground that they just wouldn'tbelieve and they didn't want to see it. 347
   CLARK L. WILSON #10Government employee incompetent actions explainwhy I left Washington, D.C. because I wanted to get back into industry with practical solutions to tough problems. You can tell that I am a "bit" prejudiced.GT: Well, I'm sure the frustrations of hammering heads against the halls of Congress and others got a bit much after a while.cw: That's right.GT: Why don't we stop for the day? We are about at theend of the tape, and we have been going for a while. We will set up our schedule and move along. Thank you.(END OF S I D E TWO]348
   THE FOLLOWING IS AN INTERVIEW WITH CLARK L. WILSON ON APRIL 21, 1987. IT IS THE NINTH SESSION IN OUR SERIES OFINTERVIEWS WITH MR. WILSON. IT IS AT THE MARRIOTT LIBRARYIUNIVERSITY OF UTAH IN SALT LAKE CITY. THE INTERVIEWERS ARE DR. GREGORY THOMPSON AND DR. FLOYD O'NEIL AND THIS IS TAPE ONE OF SESSION NINE. [THIS IS PART OF THE EVERETT L. COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #11.]GT: When we finished our last session, Mr. Wilson, we were talking about water problems in the Park City area, and I believe we were beginning to lead into a discussion of your involvement with Park City aftercoming back from Washington. I'd like to pick up from there and continue with our discussion. What prompted your interest in Park City after you'd left the New Park Mine and your tour in Washington?CW: As I recall, I mentioned earlier that "Red" Droubay (Seth K.), who was the manager of United Park City Mining Company during the sixties showed up during my stay in Washington D.C. and called me relative to meeting with the Department of Commerce officials for one of the Area Redevelopment Loans to develop the ski resort. He said since I was from Park City why not come over and let the Commerce Department know what I knew about it. I showed along with Senator Bennett. Senator Moss didn't show. He sent a staff man of no consequence. As a result of the session that the mining company had with those people, the349
 CLARK L. WILSON #11commerce Department representatives signed the contract for this big ski development. Incidently, it was all arranged through Utah Senator Bennett andlocal Utah politicians. The Wilsons came back to Salt Lake City in 1967. I think I mentioned once before that Anaconda had for many years been involved in Park City through its stock interest in the old Park Utah Mine, and ASARCO was interested in the Silver King Mine. Those interests had been consolidated into United Park City Mines Company. Anaconda was the majority share holder so they had the leadershipposition which meant I became the president and general manager of United Park. All of a sudden I was not only supervising the mine which was "sort of old hat" from the standpoint of my New Park experience, but also a ski resort. Woody Anderson was the manager of the ski resort and had been for several years. He's a very competent person. He has a good personality and, of course, is an excellent skier. Woody would come down to a UPC Board of Directors meeting once in a while at our invitation and announce that he needed a new caterpillar tractor or a "new ski this or ski that", and they were generally pretty good sized bills in those days--anywhere from five to ten thousand dollars. Well, it had been my350
   CLARK L. WILSON #11experience in mining that if you needed something major in the way of expenditures, the Superintendent certainly should be very aware of what it is allabout and "go into the mine" and see if he thought he should approve the purchase. I felt the same way about the ski resort. I'd skied as a kid but hadn't for years. So I went up and Woody saw that I was outfitted with all the equipment and then I began to do a little skiing. In this way I became very well acquainted with the ski hills and what the problems were. One of the jokes that Woody and I had was that if I felt like I wanted to get away from the city and had a few hours to spare, I'd call him up and ask him if we shouldn't go up and "inspect the bull-wheel" on the ski lifts. (chuckle] Of course he was always agreeable, so I would head up there and I would do a little skiing with the top skier in Park City at the time, which made it a lot of fun. Incidently, I wrote Woody a letter about two or three weeks ago--hadn't had any contact with him for years. He and his wife, who had been a ski resort employee at Park City and were married there, had taken over a smaller skiresort called Pomerelle which is southwest of Twin Falls at Albion, Idaho. He wrote back and said that they were still up there having a great time, and how351
 CLARK L. WILSON #11about coming up and "greasing the bull-wheel".(laugh] So, he hadn't forgotten. Well, anyway, as a result of looking at the ski operation, we realized that United Park certainly wasn't strong enough financially to be going into the expansion of the resort particularly when the mine needed funding which was the project in which we were primarilyinterested. At that point we decided we needed a "two prong" project. One to get real financing for expansion of the mine and rejuvenation of the equipment because the equipment that we had was all old and pretty well worn out. At the same time we should do something with the ski resort in the way of expanding the skiing facilities. Finally, we organized Park City Ventures which was sixty percent Anaconda (TAC), forty percent ASARCO to finance modernization of the mine. That was the ratio of stock ownership by the two companies in the overall United Park corporate structure. When it came to the ski operations, we were fortunate in being approached by Edgar stern from New Orleans, who was interested in the ski resort.GT: Edgar Stern?CW: Right. Perhaps I mentioned this before. Hisgrandfather was the largest stockholder in Sears 352
   CLARK L. WILSON #11Roebuck at one time. Edgar had some big land holdingsin New Orleans including the Royal Sonesta Hotel. so Royal was a great name in the Stern family. Anyway, he came to Park City and we negotiated an agreement between the mining company and his group to expand the resort. It was a very interesting "structure" in that we divided the resort facilities and assets into packages, not only the physical improvements but theland. The theory was that "you should walk before you run". Initially they had to have the "basic package" which was the ski building where the gondola and the headquarters were. The gondola and three lifts had all had been installed as a part of the original package financed by the Department of Commerce. As the ski usage expanded and the financing improved, the theory was that the resort would take on greater areas and build additional lifts which is the way that the project actually worked out. The first Royal Street lift was called "Three Kings" after mining property in that area. The base is northwest of the ski building, down near where the Three Kings condominiums are. The second lift was in the same area. It was called First Time and is southwest of the ski office. We had a rope tow right there in the little valley by the ski headquarters for the353
 CLARK L. WILSON #11beginner.. This First Time Lift was for someone who had done enough of the real basic skiing that they could go up a very moderate hill on a slow lift, get off, and really couldn't hurt themselves coming down. Three Kings was sort of an intermediate type and these lifts gave a real boost to the interest in theski resort. In fact, when Three Kings was ready to open, it was during ski season. There was lots of snow. Our governor was Gov. Calvin L. Rampton, and I asked him if he wouldn't come up to open the great Three Kings Lift because this was quite a step in the direction of expanded faculties. Well, the day dawned dark and stormy and we were using the famous Hoskings' Helicopter Service up there for building projects and also for airlift type skiing activities. So I drove Virginia and our two      up to Park City and the snow was so deep between the base of the gondola and down where this lift started that they had to take us down there in a big snowmobile. I had called Salt Lake and the helicopter pilot assured us he'd be up there to bring Governor Rampton. We stood there in this light snow storm and a very low ceiling and all of a sudden, sure enough here came a Hoskings Helicopter. Incidently, they are still based in Bountiful. They carne skimming along at about a354
 CLARK L. WILSON #11hundred feet off the ground and landed. We had some hot, spiked cider there. When Governor Rampton left his office he had just put on his overcoat--no hatand no galoshes. We had packed the snow down pretty well. He came over, took a sip of hot punch, took the scissors, snapped the ribbon, we got some pictures, and he turned to the pilot and said, "Lets get the hell out of here." (laughter]GT: As only Governor Rampton would say.CW: We sure appreciated him coming and were surprised ithappened. So while United Park had to fund the final building of that lift and the paying the final bills, it was really part of the project that it was turned over to Edgar Stern. In fact, we helped with financing on an interim basis while Edgar was raising some of his initial capital to go ahead and to start his projects. United Park was reimbursed for the lift. Edgar organized eight companies to manage and expand the rest. The responsibility for the numerous types of activities required to develop and expand the resort by the Edgar Stern interests was to organize several corporations as follows:Greater Park City Company Treasure Mountain Corporation Summit Construction Company Royal Street Management Company355
   CLARK L. WILSON #11Three Kings Condominium A ssociation Incorporated.Thayne's Canyon Homeowners A ssociation Park City Properties IncorporatedPark Cable CompanyGT: Now was this is conjunction with the development money--government development money that was put in-CW: No, this was to be new money.GT: That Edgar had.CW: Edgar had to bring financing in to improve and expandthe resort. Of course, from there on he and his group put in several other lifts that really expanded the resort in a way that was needed to attract the good skiers, particularly to the northwest section of the current ski resort, the Thayne's Canyon country. Also, as a part of this was the real estate end of building condominiums and the Three Kings condos which are the ones nearest to the gondola and next to the parking lot. We were running into money problems--things weren't selling the way they should. You could buy a two-bedroom condo, furnished for something like thirty-five to forty-five thousand dollars. It turned out to be a real bargain for those who were to purchase them.CT: What year are we talking here, Clark? Can you give us kind of a time line that we were dealing with?356
   CLARK L. WILSON #11cw: We came back in 1967. This activity developed in1970-1972. GT: Okay.cw: We decided that we, as United Park, had to bring someone else in to finance and develop the resort and Edgar stern was agreeable to this. Quite a few people looked at it, and the Aspen people came over and seemed to be quite interested. Seems to me that we talked about this previously. Anyway, Nick Badami from Alpine Meadows had a "lead" on the Park CityGT: CW:financial "situation". Here enters our "other friend". The financial problems were such that we just had to bring some other group in to help us out. Incidently, prior to Nick Badami coming in, the Union American Bank became interested and were involved in financing the Park Avenue condominiums.Where were they headquartered?Los Angeles. They put up some substantial money and helped, for instance, by revamping the old mine bunk houses at the angle station of the gondola. We had already put a restaurant in there in the old mine office that Silver King had in that area. A point of interest was that Union America had taken over some apartment buildings in Los Angeles and they tore out all the bathrooms. The bathroom fixtures ended up in357
 CLARK L. WILSON #11some of the revamp of the buildings up in Park City there at the angle station. (laugh) As time went along, they started building the Park Avenue condos. The market really was just dead. People who hadloaned the huge sums for construction wanted their money back. We were in real deep trouble. People from the Aspen Ski Resort said they would be over, like on a Friday morning, and wanted to come in here and take Park City over. Nick Badami from Alpine Ski Resort, Tahoe, called me that morning and wanted to come over and talk about the Park City takeover. I said, "Well,Nick, there is really no use coming because we've got someone." Well, he no sooner hung up than the United Park office called me and said, "The people from Colorado have given up. They don't want anything to do with Park City." So here I was having given up what could be a live lead, and the last thing I wanted to do is call him up and say, "Well, I got egg on my face. Come on over." I was just sitting there, and then Nick--who is a sharp guy and I'm sure he had people who informed him from all over--all of a sudden called and wanted to know if I was sure that I didn't want him to come on over and I said, "Well, I don't know. Why don't you come over the first of the week?" So he did. [laugh) The result of that was that358
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1 1we went into the restructuring of the Park Cityresort. I have just received some information on that restructuring that I think I can probably make available. It has to do with the part that Union America played in the law suit which is currently going on with the United Park City, so we'll have to handle it accordingly. The result of the restructure was that Nick Badami came in, took over the resort proper. When we had developed this resort idea, the whole package was structured based on parcels ofground, number one being the gondola building. The gondola and the lifts were already there. The ski runs were already there. I suppose we had perhaps twenty parcels of ground that had various uses and potential uses--Strategic or non-strategic. Some was just skiing ground that the mining company leased to the resort. The principle that determined purchase was, that if there was going to be some solid building improvements, they'd need title to the ground not only to protect the project but to get the financing. So Nick took the resort over and Edgar in a sense was out, but he still wanted a "piece of the action". Part of the deal was that Union America took over the condominium buildings to sell. Edgar Stern took over the development of the Deer Valley resort359
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 1and adjoining ski leases. Some of those land rents were paid to First Security, the escrow agent. As those loans were paid down, the resort could obtain title to certain parcels. Some of them were just outand out ground leases for skiing areas. The ski resort certainly didn't need to put out capital to buy ground that people would only ski across. I can't recall how title rested under ski lifts but again I suppose it's a long term lease which will still protect the operators. In essence, that's how the two resorts were established, and they continue to this day. Both groups have done much in the way ofimprovements. Making snow was one of the biggest developments that ever took place. They had some of the original old equipment built at the mine that used a portable compressor on the ski hill. There is a big fan. As the water and air was sprayed into it the fan atomized the water that froze and it made snow. Nowadays it's a pretty scientific part of the business and helps to open the season. (Ex.--1987-188) November 1989--the Olympic tryouts in Park City were possible on man-made snow.GT: Is the Stern area that we're talking about now presently known as the Deer Valley Ski area?cw: That's right.360
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 1GT: And who was the Colorado group? Was it the AspenCorporation, or was it the Janz Brothers?CW: It was the Aspen Ski Corporation.GT: Aspen Ski Corporation. Do you remember any of theindividuals that you talked to that might have beeninterested? What do you think scared them off?CW: Well, apparently, they had some negotiation with an eastern source of capital that seemed very attractive to them for the Aspen area and perhaps whatever their plans were there they just couldn't handle anotherski resort.GT: As the development was coming on in the Park Cityresidential area itself did you ever ·get a sense that Park City residents were pleased or not pleased, with that part of the Park City expanded ski development.CW: You mean Park City townspeople?GT: Yes.CW: Well, of course there were some of the old timers whoare practically all gone now, who were adamant that they didn't like this new element coming in. One of the problems we had was with Mary Lehmer, a woman who is still in Park City and is an attorney. She had property in the valley going from Park City over into Deer Valley. There is a little east-west valley there. Some of those folks who were the "old timers",361
 CLARKL . WILSON # 1 1and I suppose she might even have been born there, were very unhappy to see all the changes and the newcomers coming in as non-Park City-ites. The oldIrish-Catholic bloodstream was pretty thick and it was beginning to thin out. This lady was elected to membership on the Park City Town Council, and she caused us lots of problems that ended up costing lotsof money. She was adverse to certain plans of expansion that involved the resort but of course, the resort had control of the water supply. The big part of the original water supply for Park City town comes out of the tunnel up near the south end of the canyon--it's the Judge tunnel which is a mile or two south up the canyon from the main part of the business district. United Park years ago had leased a portion of that water right for use by the city. Title to that water was one of the things we had to clean up. We accomplished this when Scott Matheson was the governor. He had been our Anaconda attorneyin our Salt Lake office and through his interest and help, we dedicated a certain portion of that water from the State of Utah and United Park to the city. The city built a large water tank up there near the source. As the northern end of the town began to build down around the golf course with all the362
 CLARK L. WILSON #11condos, it was very important to the Park City water supply and sewage system. There had been a big lawsuit between Salt Lake City and United Park on the ownership of the water from the Spiro tunnel. That's the tunnel in the southwest corner of the golf- course, right up against the hill there. It's wherethe old mine train ride used to be. While we're on that, that was one of the items included in Area Redevelopment loan and with that money, the company had done a good job. The company had enclosed passenger cars. You might have ridden in one of them. The train went in the tunnel I would suppose three orfour thousand feet, something like that, to an underground vertical shaft. Incidently, in the mining parlance it's called a "winze". Any sinking operation that has its "collar" underground is a winze. People called it the underground shaft. The mining company had previously excavated a large room there to hold the hoist and other mining equipment. There was square-set timber in there to hold the back "ceiling" safe. They revamped some of the original square sets to look like they were mining ore. They had some of the old "stoper drills" to drill vertical holes and dummies of miners were there with their hard hats and lamps and other mining equipment. They'd have a bunch363
 CLARKL . WILSON # 1 1of ore cars there with ore so people could look at it, and pick away at it. It was a great attraction. The other feature was they fixed up the Thayne's Shaft which intersected the tunnel and was near this particular tourist area. The theory and practice wasthat a tourist would ride the train in, look at the museum, and then were hoisted up the shaft to the top of the mountain near where the end of the gondola was. There was a ski lift to take the tourists from the shaft collar on up to the top of the gondola. From there they could ride down, or ski down to the resort center. Well, this was great in theory, and it worked. But this business of liability and insurance was one things that really bothered me and I broughtit up to the attention of our Anaconda Insurance people and they agreed. It was my sad duty to close that project down. We were very unpopular as the result of it.GT: Could you not get insurance, or was it just so expensive that you--CW: Well, it got so expensive there was no way that we could afford it. It was in the millions of dollars to even have the policy.GT: When you say it was an unpopular decision, where did364
 CLARK L. WILSON #11you feel the unpopular nature was coming from--from downtown, or from the ski area development generally?CW: Well, the ski companies liked it because it was an added attraction to their ski package. A ride in and out was particularly interesting when we were trying to keep the train open in the summer. This was a big part of it. I was amazed how many calls I would getat the Anaconda office wanting to know about train schedules. There was just nothing we could do about it. Incidently, Mike Romney of the Utah Mining Association had built a model mine which was used at the State Fair each year by the Association. It was a very clever deal. It had a vertical plywood wall off- sets into it to accommodate the mine levels. There were a couple of electric trains with little ore cars hooked on that ran back and forth on the levels. It also had a vertical shaft and head-frame, and you could see the cage going up and down--sort of neat. That exhibit was moved up there and was installed in the ticket office for the mine-train ride so altogether it was quite a project. Getting back to the water, before I came back here, Park City town and, I guess, United Park tried to obtain title from the State to that water underground because they knew it was going to be important to the overall expansion365
 CLARK L. WILSON #11of the resort and eventually the city. Of course, Salt Lake City got into the act. Geologically, thereis a big basin at the south end of Thayne's Canyon. There is a ridge and to the south is Brighton. That's the Salt Lake City watershed. Prior to my returning to Salt Lake, there was quite a lawsuit between the mine and Salt Lake. As I recall, the city had Ray Marsell from the University of Utah. United Park City Mines had their geological department, their watergeologist, and Jim Ivers, Jr., who had been president of Silver King. In his own right, Jim is very competent mining engineer and geologist, plus they had company geologists. I understand that they        -both sides--thousands of dollars on these great exhibits. I don't know what ever happened to them. J. Warren King, president of Treasure Mountain Company and vice president of Royal Street Development Company, and I made an appointment with Jake Garn, who at that time was mayor of Salt Lake City to discuss a compromise agreement on the distribution of the shares of water. I drew him a freehand sketch of the anticlinal fold (shaped like a rainbow of the rock strata in the area traversed by Thayne's Canyon.) Water as rain or from melting snow falling on the drainage area of Thayne's Canyon and Big366
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 1Cottonwood canyon would drain 50 percent into Thayne's Canyon and into the Weber River and 50 percent in Big Cottonwood Creek, the Salt Lake City watershed. There is no way that Jake was interestedin geology. So I said, "Well okay, Jake, if you won't talk geology, I won't need my diagram." So I took all my data with me and what it boiled down to was that between the mining company and Salt Lake City, we decided we'd split the water 60 percent to Salt Lake City, 40 percent to the mining company because there was no way that either side wanted to go back tocourt and spend the time and the money to work on it further. So we at United Park ended up with 40 percent of the Spiro tunnel water. The company also had other water. I mentioned that we, as UPC, formalized an agreement with Park City on water from the Judge tunnel at the southeast end of town. Park City could have that water to be used in the upper part of town. The water settlement allowed the expansion of the golf course to eighteen holes, and provided water for the lower community in particular. The resort and city expansion also required a new sewage system which was part of the program.CT: Takes a lot of water.367
 CLARK L. WILSON #11cw: Oh, yes, and an interesting point was that forpractically each one of these utility items--water, sewage, or telephone--we organized a company to take care of each utility and eventually the Spiro water ended up as a part of the Park City municipal system.GT: What about the water out of the Ontario Mine?CW: The Ontario Mine water appropriation dates way backto the 1880s, and that had been allocated back then.It is on the Provo River drainage system. GT: I see.CW: The Ontario tunnel actually drained some of the water that was going down Snake Creek over into Midway. There was court battle on that drainage system back in the 1870s or eighties when the camp was young. It also involved a power plant. You can still see the remnants of the old buildings there at the mouth of Snake Creek Canyon. The power that was being generated at Snake Creek was transmitted northwest over the Bonanza Flats and was used in the electrolytic zinc plant (refinery) in Deer Valley.[END OF S I D E ONE OF T APE]CW: Once again we'll say the mining company had a waterright from the Ontario tunnel and it's a big part of the Provo River drainage system which will go into the Jordanelle Dam, when it is built. [laughter]368
 CLARKL . WILSON # 1 1Incidentally, that is progressing. Of course, you've probably seen where they've now begun to go into some of the preliminary stages of excavating for it. It is now (1989) under construction and I guess "the laugh"is on me! I would imagine that I will still be alive when the Jordanelle Reservoir is a reality!GT: Let's talk about you as a representative for Anaconda. You're dealing with these various groups in putting together the one side of the package--theskiing area. How did Anaconda view that whole effort here? I suppose that as long as United Park was making money and wasn't costing Anaconda a lot, that was an agreeable situation, but obviously, there were times when you got into trouble and struggled on the money end. Were they supportive? Did they understand the kind of effort that was being put forward there and the development and what it meant down the road? Were they patient? What was the attitude?FO: Or did you have noisy board meetings?CW: About attitude. The original project had to have theblessings of ASARCO and Anaconda or they couldn't have done it. The result was that there were two outstanding loans to UPC from the two companies. I don't recall the total but Anaconda would have had 60 percent of that and ASARCO would have had 40 percent.369
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 1Of course, they wanted to have that paid off. When I came back here, Anaconda was the largest mining company in the world, and they weren't pressed foranything like "little" loans in Park City. As things went along, we wanted to see the mine and resort a success, and one of our objectives was to pay thoseloans off and let the ski companies have their own financing and management in the project. Incidentally, one of the items I meant to mention was the city government. "That woman" Mary Lehmer was so adamant against what we were doing that she was        quite an obstruction to anything that the city had to approve that we needed. She was against us on this and against us on that. We had an employee in the mechanical department, Rich Martinez, a big man, probably was too large to be an Italian, but I think his father was Mexican. Rich ran for the office of councilman. He was one of those--sort of "noisy types" but "salt of the earth". He was a great guy to have around. He and one of our other employees were elected to the city council and Mary Lehmer got kicked off. From then on my monthly statements, in effect, say "hurrah", now we can get some cooperation from the city on projects that have to do with370
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 1utilities and getting rights to build and expand developments. I've forgotten what you asked me now.GT: We were talking about how Anaconda and the Board reacted to all of this.cw: Well, as the two resorts continued to expand and improve the financing was provided by the resorts taking the loads themselves. The mining company was able to pay off the Area Redevelopment Agency loans.GT: As you were operating under the 60/40 percent split, who was the ASARCO representative that might have been your counterpart for them.CW: Well, they would generally have two people as did Anaconda. Lee Travis was the . local manager and they would have a second representative from their New York or Tucson office. ASARCO history in Utahincluded building the Murray lead smelter which served their Utah-Nevada mining activities. Anaconda and ASARCO always had two directors each. We had three "outsiders". When I got involved with UPC, Jim Ivers and his father dropped out because Anaconda and ASARCO weren't "happy" with Jim Ivers financing plans. I asked Sid Cornwall and McCarthy from the Van Cott, Bagley, Cornwall and McCarthy firm to come on. He is a "jewel." Harold Steele came on from the First Security Bank and provided excellent financial371
 CLARKL . WILSON # 1 1advice. One of the outside people for the minority stockholders suggested a mining man from back Eastrepresenting one of the would-be old mining families not particularly from this area. He came on the board, but the four of us really controlled it. Our two Anaconda directors would always be myself as manager and our local attorney. Howard Edwards, who was the first Van Cott attorney that we brought into Anaconda, and I were the directors for awhile. When Howard went East to the Anaconda New York office, Scott Matheson became our Anaconda company attorney, so he and I were the two TAC directors. Between thefour of us, (TAC and ASARCO) we had a real good relationship. We were all mining people, and we agreed on plans for mine and resort development. Sid Cornwall, who'd been in the Van Cott firm "forever", had been the personal attorney for Anaconda, so he knew more about past management than any of us did. So, all and all, our board meetings were interesting, good, constructive sessions. I can tell you that from the standpoint of law, I've dealt with lawyers all my life from coast to coast and I'd put Sid Cornwall and Howard Edwards up against any attorney in the United States when it comes to good, solid business law. It was a very interesting relationship. When we got into372
    CLARK L. WILSON #11Park City negotiations, those two people were the ones that had to fight the battles. Scott Woodland was doing all of our legal document work. He would bring it into a board meeting and Sid would sort ofthumb through them. He could scan the documents sort of humming or mumbling to himself and when he got through, he'd either bring up points that had to be changed or he would agree that the document could be approved. I don't know whether I mentioned it or not, but when we finally made a deal with the "outsiders" to take over the resort operation and provide thefinancing, the Van Cott firm had prepared between seventy or eighty documents that had to cover all of the water, land and operating agreements. With regards to my "people experience," there was a fellow by the name of Charlie Schwab who had been a mine operator in Coeur d'Alene County, Idaho, and he had been let go by those folks. It was the Bunker Hill Company. Jay Parkinson, president of Anaconda, heard about it so he hired him as a V.P. in New York City. It ended up that I was reporting to him. I was not very happy about it. He had been my temporary predecessor in Washington on the Lead-Zinc Committee, and I'd known him from way back. Charlie was a great procrastinator. We would have our plans for Anaconda373
 CLARK L. WILSON #11activities approved by our local attorneys, then we'd call New York for the go-ahead. As long as my original boss, John G. "Jack" Hall was there, there was no problem. He was a good solid mining man andhad a lot of management experience and we got along great. With Charlie, he would have to sit there and "hum and haw" and "read and fool around" and have two or three people come in and bring reports to him so he'd get a "better understanding". He was one of thefirst "fatalities" when Chile took over the mines and the company was reorganized with .Archie McDonnell as my boss. I'd say that the relationship between Anaconda and ASARCO was good. The two companies were both in the same business. Anaconda was the largest in the world, and I suppose ASARCO might have been second. They had some good management folks, and the two companies were friendly competitors in their particular areas of either mining or smelting or refining. So, I can say that we got along very well in the UPC operations.GT: Before the financial crisis hit you, and you had to bring the outside people in, who did you turn to to develop a ski area? In the first place, that wasn't your normal practice or business, and you can't just run a line here and there and say we're in it.374
   CLARK L. WILSON #11FO: Who was the designer?GT: Who really put it together? Who was the criticalperson from your perspective of really designing whatPark City is today?CW: Well, actually there was an original plan and I knowwhere it is. I'll see if I can get a copy for you. The resort was designed through the help of Walker Wallace. I guess John Wallace who was a UPC director at the time with James Ivers, Jr. and Sr. I don't know who else. They had the plans showing the way the resort started. And this is the type of informationthat they took back to Washington. GT: For the loan?CW: Right. The loan financed the gondola, the buildings at the top and bottom of the gondola, the Thayne's L ift, the Claim Jumper L ift and the runs to service them.GT: So once the resort had the basic facilities, you began to expand. You installed the Three Kings Lift next.CW: Right. For example Woody Anderson would come down to talk to the directors saying, "Look, we need to accommodate the beginners and intermediates so that we can develop a ski crowd that can go on up the hill and take advantage of the facilities. Once that375
   CLARK L. WILSON #11happened, Edgar Stern, at first, and Nick Badami,later on, came in and took over. They could see that once they had the main ski areas opened with lifts, then it was a matter of using some of the side canyons all through the area, putting in more lifts and cutting more runs. As of this last year (1986), they cut a whole new section of runs that would be in the canyon to the south of the gondola going from theangle station up to the Summit House. I haven't seen it, and I suppose there are two or three lifts and several runs on that big forested north sloping hill. We did as much as we could to begin expansions and then eventually brought in the experts to really take over, design, plan and finance.GT: Would you say that in this kind of interim period, before the expansion and you had it on the drawing boards, that Anderson was really your expertise from the skiing side of things?CW: That's right, he was the expert. I would say the first real change was when Edgar Stern brought in Stein Ericksen. Stein might have been in the East,but he really brought him in from the old country,Norway.GT: He could have been in Michigan before he came here. CW: Could have been.376
 CLARK L. WILSON #11GT: At a resort there.cw: Now I don't know whether we would consider Stein aski architect or not, but he certainly knew how to ski and he knew where the good ski hills were. Edgar was the one that imported him. He took him over to Deer Valley when he established his own ski resort there. He is still the director of skiing there, plus having an excellent lodge and restaurant business at Lake Flat at the top of the main ski lift that isoperated by Jim Nassikas, an           of EdgarStern.GT: When you look back over the whole experience of howPark City developed, together with Deer Valley, it really was a very small group of people made that happen?CW: That's right. I guess you can say that some of the old mining company employees were probably pretty important in this. When I worked for New Park Mining Company, I knew Bob Birkbeck, master mechanic at the Judge Mine shops. UPC was not a ski company but people like Bob actually helped in figuring out some of the mechanics of how they were going to construct the ski facilities.GT: The construction mechanics.377
 CLARK L. WILSON #11cw: Later, when we planned the expansion we brought inprofessionals to plan design and install the new lifts. But as far as deciding that we were going to have a ski run here or there, that was no big deal. Employees from the mining company cut the ski runs and concentrated on cutting the fewest trees that we could get away with. It was similar to manyindustries, particularly in mining, starting from a very simple beginning and as you learn you keep expanding the ability to handle whatever problems mayarise. It was a very interesting experience. GT: I see.FO: Were you in anyway involved in the advertising of Park City?CW: I really don't recall that we really did very much but we did have some ski magazine adds. It was one of those homegrown resorts that we wanted people to come to and enjoy. I will say this, the original loan plan with the Department of Commerce included building thefirst condominium that is on upper Main Street at the south end of town on the west side. I don't know what they call that now, but it was a two story building adjacent to the Welsh,Driscoll & Buck store. The condo was entered from Main Street with another entrance from the back or west side on Park Avenue. I378
  CLARK L. WILSON #11guess in those days they figured they had to have something to take care of some skiers because the hotels in Park City were just the ones that had beenthere forever and people weren't attracted to them. Transportation wasn't quite so convenient in those days. In fact, it was after I had taken over that I-80 was finished through Parley's and, of course, that was a real boon to the resort.GT: Made it lovely.CW: That's right.FO: Tell me about Edgar Stern. What was his background? CW: Well, Edgar Stern was the grandson of a gentleman whowas on the board of Sears and Roebuck. He was the largest single stockholder at Sears. I guess Edgar sort of grew up in that time and place. When we first heard about him, he was in New Orleans, and he had the Royal Sonesta Hotel. In fact, I think there were two hotels (the Royal Orleans) and when we first knewhim he was, as I recall, either in or getting into the TV business. I think he was in it because somewhere on the fringes of the big town, he had a sizeable acreage where he had a TV antenna. As it turned out, this was a very fortuitous purchase because it ended up in some big building development. So he apparently was sufficiently financed, himself379
   CLARK L. WILSON #11and otherwise, that he could get into ventures like this. He became interested in skiing and went to Aspen. He purchased the Starwood Ranch. It is on thenorth side of the Aspen town, the whole big mountain there. While we were still involved in the resort, Virginia and I came through Aspen one summer. We'd been at a mining meeting at Denver and were driving home and just happened to run into Edgar on thestreet while we were "sizing up" the town. We were friends with Edgar and Polly. We could have called them and "bothered" him, but we weren't about to do that. He insisted that we go up to their house. It was very interesting. I'm glad we did. We rode up with him to the gate. Everything was highly secured. The guard came out and being with Edgar we could get in. It turned out that these lots being developed on the mountain side were prime, prime real estate, and there were quite a few movie stars who had built there. John Denver had a home there.GT: Is that over on the Red Mountain--what they call the Red Mountain side?CW: On the north side?GT: Yeah. You looked across to the ski area.CW: Right. Well, anyway, we pulled into their place andit turns out that they had one building on the east 380
 CLARK L. WILSON #11that was their sleeping quarters. In the center was the swimming pool and it was all enclosed. They had the most beautiful plants growing in there with controlled humidity and warmth. Polly Stern had beautiful plants that thrived in the humidity. She gave us a jade plant that is still growing in ourenclosed porch in Salt Lake City. To the west of the pool is the building for the dining room, living room, and kitchen. A very beautiful place. I don't know what this has to do with the story. [laugh] But he's an interesting man in that when you meet Edgar Stern, you aren't struck by a great personality. DidI tell you about one time taking Ginger (our daughter) up to ski, and we rode to the top of the gondola and walked out into the assembly area there. Here was Edgar talking to Warren King, who was the manager. I went over and said "Hello," and introduced Ginger and we talked about something or other goingon at the resort. Finally, we said goodbye and started down the nearest hill. We got down a little ways and I stopped and said, "Ginger, you know that man--the short one there--the little funny cap and coat," and she said, "Yeah." I said, "He's a millionaire." She said, "Well, Daddy, he can't be a millionaire." I said, "Why?" She said "He doesn't381
   CLARK L. WILSON #11look like one." And that's the best way I describe Edgar Stern. (laughter] He didn't look like one.GT: Just didn't look like it.cw: That's right. And if he were in here doing business,he'd be sitting there thinking and chewing on his thumb. I don't know how he has any skin left on that thumb, cause he's been working on it as long as I've known him. [laugh] His wife is rather quiet, and I know she's a real force in that family--very intelligent person and I know they really discuss between them the things that they do. I've had some nice occasions with them. A few years ago when Edgar and I were still involved in Park City, they had not yet built their own condo. This was eight or nine years ago. They were renting a condo on the north side of that big original parking area at the Park City ski resort. He called and invited us up. He said that one of their New Orleans financial boys wasflying up from New Orleans that day and he was bringing fresh crayfish. This fellow would go out to the wharf before he got on the plane and get a sack of these live ones and bring them to Salt Lake on the plane. We got up there and had a few drinks and they'd boil a big pot of water and throw a bunch of crayfish in. Gee, "it was such a "nice way" to live.382
 CLARK L. WILSON #11[chuckle] Then another time they called, and saidthey had some big financial people from the East, I can't remember who he was, and they were going to take them skiing. This is when the Deer Valley Resort was really going perhaps six or seven years ago. I was invited to come up and ski with them. Incidently,it was before they had the big lift that went from the upper valley up to the top of Bald Mountain and there was just a little cabin there that we had used years before in connection with the mine. We met at the lodge and rode the lift up to the Lake Flat area, now the site of the upper lodge. They had several of the big ski tractors. Stein Ericksen as their director of skiing was there. The resort staff would haul us from Lake Flat on the ski equipment tractors to the top and Stein would give Polly Stern and me ski lessons going down. [chuckle] It was a real way to live! We got back down to the cabin, and had a few drinks. I don't remember details but it was a great spread. They had some girls from the University of Utah who lived up there and they would cater these special parties. It was really "living high off the hog", and I'm a "little old miner". I really enjoyed that kind of treatment. [laughter) I hadn't had that383
    CLARK L. WILSON #11much imagination when I was running the thing, nor did I have the money.FO: It takes money, doesn't it.cw: Oh yes.GT: I would assume out of all this that your skiingability improved rather dramatically as you wereexposed to more and more of the recreational side?cw: Well, I was never a great skier, but the thing that helped me the most was going from those great long skis to those short skies. That was the greatest invention in history of skiing as far as I was concerned. It can change your skiing over night because it eliminates a lot of the difficulty of having to move a heavy mass from here to there whenGT:CW:you're trying to turn.Did your children become avid skiers out of that experience?Oh yes. You bet. Ginger and Ray--they both attended Rowland Hall St. Mark's, and like most of these schools they had a ski afternoon once a week. The ski areas used depended on the year and the offer. The schools would use different skiing places. Of course, through "my connections" with the resort, I always had a season's pass and I'd see to it that the kidswere taken care of. Some of the skis are still 384
 CLARK L. WILSON #11hanging in the garage. (Since this interview the skis went to the Veterans.) I haven't skied for three orFO:CW:four years and probably won't. As of this next week, I swear to my wife that I will get rid of all those skis [laugh] and ski poles so the place will look a little cleaner. We did had a lot of fun up there.Now are you still involved with that skiing part of it?No. About four or five years ago, after I retired from Atlantic Richfield (successor to Anaconda), I was still doing a little consulting for Edgar, and it was principally sitting on the Park City Community Committee. They formed a Park City Chamber of Commerce and he asked me if I wouldn't sit on that because of my background and the knowledge of people and this sort of thing. It was two or three years that I did that, and, incidently I get a letter every year saying, "Please come up and ski. Like to see you." So that was sort of one of the side benefits. But you sort of drift apart after awhile.But you served with them until you retired?Yes, actually beyond.Beyond in the consultative relation?That's right. I wasn't an officer in their company-- or anything like that.FO:CW: FO: CW:385
 CLARK L. WILSON #11FO: Okay.GT: As you look back over that, you see what's going onin Park City, do you find it a bit amazing the kind of development that's taking place and the direction it took?CW: Of course, if I looked at it from a standpoint of what I knew--say when Virginia and I were first married, and lived up there--well, it's really aterrific change because no way could we visualize what it could be. I'm sure some of the folks 1ike John Green (Ex-postmaster and mayor--deceased) and others had the vision to say, "Well, these are the possibilities!" It was one of those things that wassort of "like topsy"--it just grew. [laugh] When we hit the "nadir"--when we were facing bankruptcy on the resort it was a pretty tough pill to swallow, but fortunately with the restructuring things worked out. A lot of the real estate went to the Union Bank of California and they just really had "fire sales" to retire their condo finance debt. The Park Avenue Condominiums originally sold for about sixty-five thousand dollars. People were picking those up for mortgage money of fifteen to twenty thousand dollars. It was a massacre. Of course, the Wilsons didn't get involved. When you're a corporate officer, you have386
   CLARK L. WILSON #11to be careful about what you're doing, even when it was legitimate to buy. Of course, we had two young kids who where just growing up into the college stageand money was needed for that. Also we weren't sure that we wanted to have a condo where youngsters would want to go and stay over the weekend. We were living in the backwoods [laugh] in those days. It's a matter of degree based on what I see now, but the result was that we never got involved in any purchases up there.[END OF TAPE]387
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH CLARK L . WILSON ON APRIL 2 2 , 1 9 8 7 , SALT LAKE CITY , UNIVERSITY OF UTAH MARRIOTT LIBRARY. THIS IS SESSION TEN, TAPE ONE. THE INTERVIEWERS ARE DR. GREGORY THOMPSON AND DR. FLOYD O'NEIL. [THIS IS PART OF THE EVERETT L. COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #12.]GT: Clark, yesterday when we completed our session, we had completed a discussion of the ski area development and the recreational development in Park City. We have not spent time on the Park City mining ventures side of the operation. I believe that you brought today a series of documents including an outline that will be very helpful to us. Why don't we begin by discussing that in some detail?CW: This is a summary that I prepared for the Anaconda Company in January of 1977 of the activities that were conducted in this area under my supervision for the Anaconda Company. My title at that time with the company was Manager of Affiliated Properties. In my office on North Temple there were two employees, Lureen D. Brock was our office administrator, and I mentioned before that she is probably the best office manager and executive secretary that it has been my pleasure to work with--very efficient. I also had James w. Torreyson, who was our accounting manager, and he had spent practically all his life in Tooele388
 CLARK L. WILSON #12in the accounting department of the International Smelting and Refining Company.GT: So he knew mining inside and out?CW: Well, he really knew the smelting business, andparticularly the business end of it. He retired from International Smelting and Refining Company when the smelter was closed. We brought him in to the Salt Lake office to take care of the books of all the small mining companies that he had handled over the years. As we look at the chart we have United Park City Mines Company (UPC), and at this time of January, '77, I was the chairman of the Executive Committee and also the chairman of the Board of Directors. United Park will be discussed in a little more detail. The subsidiary interests of UPC were Nail Driver Mining Company that had mining properties adjoining United Park in the Park City Mining District. Also the Weber Coal Company that is located just east of Coalville and was acquired back in the days of the Ontario Silver Mining Company when all their power was generated from coal. Mining was the impetus for developing the original coal deposits in Coalville with a spur railroad from the Union Pacific up the canyon east of the town to facilitate that production.389
 CLARK L. WILSON #12GT: This would have been the 1880s?cw: That's right. The next one of real interest is theTintic Mining District, and we will get into that in a little more detail because there are numerous companies. One thing that's very interesting there is that we drew up what we called the Tintic Unit Lease. The theory was that if we could consolidate the group of properties owned by several of these companies, it would give us enough acreage to make some of the exploration targets worthwhile going after. The problem with having so many different companies was that the property and ore bodies were sort ofintermixed, and if one company spent a good many thousand dollars locating an ore body, all of a sudden they might realize that they have done a lot of work for the fellow next door.our companies into North Lilly, but also we were able to interest Kennecott Copper Corporation and Amax Copper Mines, Inc., to join in a joint venture mining lease that would provide a good strong target with Anaconda as the lessee. The one property that was of current interest was the halloysite deposit on the property of Dragon Consolidated Mining Company. ThatFor your neighbor.GT:CW: So one of the projects was to not only consolidate390
  CLARK L. WILSON #12was held under lease by Filtrol Corporation in Los Angeles. We have already discussed that to someextent. We also had the Tooele Valley Railway Company, and I mentioned that it was built to connect the Tooele smelter east of Tooele with the Union Pacific Railroad to the west so that the lead bullion from the International smelter could be transported to eastern refineries. A Tooele resident by the name of Don Lee was the president and superintendent and served under my direction. That was the one company that I could not serve as an officer or director. The ICC did not permit employees of the company owning the railroad to serve on the RR Board. Of course,"that hurt my feelings" because of my grandfather having been an engineer on the D&RG. But it was an interesting little operation, and occasionally I would visit Tooele and ride back and forth just for the thrill of riding in the engine of a "so-called" railroad. One item I forgot to mention on United Park was the development of Park City Ventures. The·lessees were Anaconda and ASARCO, and, of course, United Park was the lessor. I was chairman of the executive committee in charge of that operation. In our Salt Lake Anaconda office I served as president of eighteen affiliated companies in the Tintic391
   CLARK L. WILSON #12District, and I was the Anaconda representative on the Lead-Zinc Producers Committee in Washington, D.c. You may recall that I had been chairman of that forseven years living in Washington. I was very active in the Utah Mining Association. I had been a member of the Board going way back into the fifties. I had been president in that era, and on returning to Salt Lake for Anaconda I was active again in the association and served another year as president. In fact, I organized and was the first chairman of the Public Relations Committee of the Mining Association that helped develop the mining exhibit at the University of Utah Museum of Natural History and at the Utah State Capitol Building.GT: Let me just ask you a couple of questions along the way here. In the years that you were involved actively , was the Utah Mining A ssociation an effective association?CW: Very much so. In fact, of course I'm biased, but from my observation not only before I went East but in Washington and at a meetings of the American Mining Congress which held annual meetings of all mining companies around the country, it is fair to say that the Utah Mining Association was probably the leader of mining associations in the u.s.392
 CLARK L. WILSON #12GT: Is that right? And this group would be bringingforward proposals for legislation for PR development,for a full variety of activities, I assume?CW: That's right, particularly examining the regulations of the Department of the Interior regarding land use. Of course, there'd be tax items, many of them localbut also national. Our manager of the Utah Mining Association practically "lived" at the State Capitol building during every session of the UtahLegislature. We picked as manager a person who not only knew the mining business but had the personality to mix well with the legislators and not get them mad. Our manager knew all the legislators, what they stood for, who we could cultivate, and who we had to cultivate. I would say, all in all, it has been a very effective operation.GT: Who are some of the strong personalities as executive secretaries for the association?CW: Well, of course, Mike Romney was probably the greatest.GT: And he was in there a good many years, wasn't he?CW: Yes, he was. He was succeeded by Paul Rattle. I will include one of the UMA directories because it has a listing of the names of all the presidents. It is quite a group. I guess I am fortunate, in having had393
   CLARK L. WILSON #12my name in twice because I was the president in 1957(New Park Mining Company) before I went East. And then, I was the president in 1972 representing Anaconda. Getting back to the Salt Lake office activities, I was and still am a member of the u.s. Executive Reserve of the Department of the Interior.I think I have probably mentioned that before. That is a group that was organized about 1958, and the theory is that when the "Big War" or an emergency occurs, whenever it is, and they need someone to jump in and administer a mineral policy, those of us who have remained active will do that. I was very active in Salt Lake Area Chamber of Commerce and was chairman of their Natural Resources Committee, and we particularly would get involved with the Utah State severance tax on minerals and had quite a little activity and "fun" and arguments on that with the Utah State Legislature. I was encouraged to represent the company in community service organizations. I mentioned that it included the Children's Service Society of Utah, United Way, Chairman of the Advisory Committee of the College of Mines, and the Salt Lake Kiwanis Club. So all in all it was a good rounded experience.394
 CLARK L. WILSON #12GT: It strikes me as you go through that list of yourspecific responsibilities that your days must have been awfully busy and quite full just handling the flow of detail that would have come across your desk, keeping everybody moving in one direction.CW: Well, I was fortunate that way. Of course, again, I had the advantage of the help of Lureen Brock who got to know many things just as well as I did and she could handle many of them. Near the end of my tenure with the company I would take her to Capitol Hill during the sessions of the State Legislature becauseshe was a whiz at shorthand. She could take notes that were excellent. At that point, we were really dealing with the political end of things for Anaconda here in Utah and to some extent in Nevada. Lureen would develop good accurate reports of the day-by-day important things that were going on.GT: Did she do the same or did you do the same in the Nevada legislature?CW: No, I would go to the Nevada legislature at Carson City, and that was probably just the last year or so of my tenure; the reason being that Anaconda had developed an open-pit copper mine in the area north of Tonopah, and there were a few legislative items that Anaconda was particularly interested in. The395
   CLARK L. WILSON #12company wanted someone who would monitor Carson City and keep them advised of the activities of the Nevadalegislature without their local people having toleave Tonopah and monitor the State House.GT: As you experienced bad years in mining before was the Nevada legislature more or less favorable to miningthan the Utah legislature?cw: Well, Utah has a more diversified interest thanNevada what with all the manufacturing and so much agriculture and things like that. In Nevada, of course, I was interested in the mining side of it and tax side of it. I didn't spend all that much time, and I naturally believe that Utah was more complicated than theirs. But they were a good bunch of people. I was advised by some friend of the company if I would look up a certain senior citizen there who had been in the legislature "forever" that I could get a good introduction, and that was right. I told him who I was and why I was there, and he took me into the back end of the senate and sat me down, and we had a long visit. Anytime I had problems I could go out and visit him or call him. I don't recall that we ever had any real big problems in Nevada. They were quite constructive as far as the mining industry is concerned and happy to have396
 CLARK L. WILSON #12Anaconda there. In Wyoming north of Cheyenne was theIron Mountain Mines, a big deposit of iron oxide called hematite. The company had not developed any market for production, but we did negotiate somewhat with Colorado Fuel and Iron in Pueblo County and tried to get them interested in it, but that never developed. One of the mining companies that we operated in Nevada was Comet Coalition Mines Companynear Pioche.about twenty miles southwest of Pioche. The Prince Consolidated Mining Company was practically on the outskirts of Pioche just over the hill southwest ·of the town. Comet Coalition Mines Company had been leased to some Canadians just before I came back to Salt Lake City. That mine was in operation and produced ore. It was concentrated at the mine and shipped to the Tooele smelter. In California we had the Darwin Mine at Darwin, California. That was an old property that had been developed by Anaconda over the years. There were a series of leasers there, and the mine had a small concentrator, but it was never a financial success. I don't recall that I everSay the name of that again please.GT:CW: c-o-m-e-t Coalition Mines Company. That property was397
   CLARK L. WILSON #12mentioned that Khashogi was involved in some of thefinancing. GT: Oh no.cw: When I took over, there was a Californian from Santa Barbara who was a promoter type, a very likable fellow, and he was always scrounging money because there was not a "blocked out" ore body. They had to keep doing some exploration and development work. It was a multi-level mine, some levels above the tunnel and some below, so it was a hoisting operation which, of course, is more expensive. The fellow would keepreporting to me on how they were doing. Of course, we would go down there and inspect their work. He notified me at one time that he thought he was in pretty good shape financially because he had made contact with a family called Khashogi in San Francisco, the same character involved in international financing. In those days, I didn't know anything about them, and I don't know how much he knew about operating a mine. He would get a little money and keep the operation moving along. We had one employee, John Kinneberg and his wife Ellen, who had lived at Darwin, California for Anaconda, I suppose for twenty or thirty years. John was quite a character in his own right. One day John called up398
 CLARK L. WILSON #12and announced that the morning before this fellow Khashogi loaded all of his U.S. employees who were his own countrymen into his own 707 and had flown direct from San Francisco to Canada and on to London. The interesting thing was that Adnan Khashogi was the head man. Adnan never came back in the country untilthis last year. You will remember that when they dedicated the big trade center out west of the airport that it was Adnan's father, who is a doctor, and Adnan's son, who came over for that. As I recall, on other occasions one of his brothers probablyshowed up.GT: His son was here at the U. of u. and would representthe family from time to time.CW: That's right. It was interesting that Adnan finallygot the courage to come back in the country, and then he apparently was involved in the current arms deals which makes a pretty interesting story.GT: But as far as you were aware that once he left, when he loaded everybody up and went to London, he was not back in the country again.CW: No, as far as we knew there was never any announcement that he was in the country until this one time he came out here to Salt Lake. Of course, the Darwin Mine project finally just sort of ran out399
    CLARKL . WILSON # 1 2of money, and it has been closed down now, I suppose for ten years or so. Another one that we had further east from the Darwin Mine, over the valley and a mountain range or two, is the Santa Rosa Mine at LonePine, California. There, again, it was one we kept trying to push; never really developed into anything. We also had Shoshone Mines in Tecopa, California-- that is east of the Darwin area. There was a north- south mountain that sort of nosed down into a valley so that we could drive around this nose. On the westside the mine had a shaft going down to a level where quite a bit of work had been done. On the east side there was a tunnel. The tunnel went clear into the mountain and connected with the shaft to the west. The problems we had there were people coming around and breaking in. We didn't have anybody there to really supervise it, and they would steal transformers off the poles and steal copper wire. On the east side we had a big steel door all locked up with padlocks. People would come around and break the padlocks off to open it up. One time we went in there and they had actually driven a Volkswagen right in the tunnel. Carbon monoxide is about the worst thing you could ever get in a mine, but they got out okay although we did find the Volkswagen wrecked outside.400
 CLARK L. WILSON #12GT: It would take a real bright person to pull one ofthose stunts.CW: That's right. I had a little scare one day when threeor four of us walked back in there. When a mining operation has a vertical or inclined opening that starts from inside the tunnel and is sunk below the level, it•s called a winze. Some people call it a shaft. Theoretically, a shaft starts at the surface not underground. So this tunnel had a winze and a bunch of old timber placed over it as a cover. We were trying to look down in it, and I stepped onto aplank and it broke. As luck would have it, this plank was in between the mine tracks. As I started down I just instinctively put my arms out and that stopped me on the rails, otherwise you wouldn't be hereinterviewing today.GT: You would've had a nice ride down for a ways.CW: That really scared me; also taught me a lesson. Sothose are the California properties.GT: You had quite a few California properties, didn'tyou?CW: Actually, there were three of them there. We also hadthe Tintic District.GT: We haven't talked about.401
   CLARK L. WILSON #12cw: Well, let's summarize that here. We had what weGT:called The Tintic Unit Lease. (See Exhibit #5--Areas of Activity, Clark L. Wilson, June 5, 1974.) The lessee was the Anaconda Company, and the lessors were North Lilly Mining Company which was one of our own fairly well held companies. Kennecott Copper Corporation and Amex Copper Mines, Inc. had some property in it as lessors.In that arrangement how did that work, Clark? Did you as the lessee make payments based on production, or did you sign a lease with a payment for the property regardless of production?CW: Well, why don't we take a look at that. (Exhibit) This is what was called the Tintic Unit lease, and we were working on this in 1970. The lessee was the Anaconda Company. The lessors were to be Anaconda subsidiary companies, the East Tintic Coalition Mining Company, Eureka Bullion Mining Company,International Smelting and Refining Company, North Lilly Mining Company, the Big Hill Mining Company, and Twentieth Century Mining Company. All of these were subsidiaries of Anaconda. We also had Kennecott Copper Corporation and Tintic Standard Mining Company, as lessors.GT: The last two were outside the Anaconda sphere? 402
 CLARK L. WILSON #12cw: That's right. This was really quite a work of legalart. Howard Edwards who I've talked about several times did the basic ground work from all his experience with Van Cott Bagley firm and later on when he came with us as an employee. Of course, there was a critique by the New York office. Howard lateron moved to the legal office in New York, so he had good experience for that particular position. When it came to Kennecott and Tintic Standard they had their own legal help. As we look through this it has a great description of the terms that were going to beinvolved. I doubt that after all these years of experience with the Van Cott firm having drawn these up and with my experience with mining leases, we never had anybody say, "Well, here is something you didn't think of," because those lawyers had done a good job. Of course, the heart of the lease, in a sense, is the royalty that is going to be paid to the property owner. The way that worked was that we as Anaconda, the lessor, would pay to the lessee royalties on the ores that were shipped to a smelter.In this way both parties knew that the ore had been sampled correctly, and that the lessee had been paid correctly. There was a net smelter return per ton of ore shipped that was listed on the settlement sheet.403
   CLARK L. WILSON #12The settlement sheet would show the assay of the ore. There would be certain metal deductions reflecting the percent of metals that were recovered. Thesettlement statement would give the metal prices and come up with metal values in dollars. There was of course a deduction for the treatment charge. The way the royalty worked is shown on the schedule. When the net smelter return was between zero dollars up to twenty dollars, we would pay a 5 percent royalty of the smelter return. From twenty to fifty dollars we would pay 10 percent, and over fifty dollars we'd pay 15 percent. The secret of just those three brackets was that the lessee really didn't want to mine and concentrate ore lower than twenty dollars, but occasionally it would, so 5 percent was pretty fair because if the lessee was producing twenty-dollar ore, he couldn't afford to pay the owner a very big royalty, and, in fact, they were depleting the orereserves so the lessee had to pay the owner something. The twenty dollar to fifty dollar ore was the big production bracket. If the lessor had ores valued over fifty dollars, 15 percent was a pretty good return to the property owner who had not financed the operation. Initially, we didn't have clear net smelter return definitions, and we went404
 CLARK L. WILSON #12through one lawsuit on that in a Nevada court. We'd had good definitions in prior agreements, but there was always a chance that some quirk in theinterpretation of terms could develop. On one of the Pioche leases we had to go to Federal Court in Las Vegas to try to straighten out a difference of opinion on a definition in the Pioche lease. For instance, here in the Pioche lease it says, "Net smelter returns means all sums received by the lessee," in that case the lessee is the Anaconda Company, "for ores or other products removed and shipped from leased premises, plus all transportation and treatment charges that weren't deducted by the purchaser." In other words, the purchaser being the smelter would charge for treatment, handling, weighing and the sampling of the concentrates produced from the mining property, including the freight. The definition continues with a precautionary phrase, "In the event that the mill or smelter to which such ores or products are shipped is owned, operated, or controlled by the lessee or its assigns, the charges of such mill or smelters will not be greater than those of comparable mills or smelting for milling or smelting similar material." Either the owner or lessee could ask an independent405
 CLARK L. WILSON #12smelter what they would pay on an ore or concentrate with specified assay values. Both parties would have a fair way of judging whether or not the srnelter•s offer was in the "ball park" or not and whether or not the miner would sign up with the smelter. This isa standard definition. This came about over years of discussion and arguing over what was a fair purchase agreement. The contract includes the details of how payments are made and who receives the funds. In this case, for instance, we were to pay the royalty intoan escrow account for the lessors at the Walker Bank and Trust Company in Salt Lake City as follows, "Fifty percent should be distributed to each individual lessor of a tract from which minerals have been produced, and each such individual lessor shall receive that portion of 50 percent of the net smelter returns (NSR) depending on the particular individual lessor's percentage ownership in the property tract."[END OF S I D E ONE]CW: In this contract there was a clause regarding thispayment. In the first place, 50 percent of NSR would go to everybody according to their individual percent ownership in the total property. In addition, if company "A" happened to have the best property and most of the ore is coming from it, and a second406
 CLARK L. WILSON #12lessor didn't have as good a property and the ore wasn't coming from there, company "A" would want to protect its stockholders. So there was an additional provision here. It says, "Each such individual lessor shall receive that proportion of 50 percent of the royalty from the lease based on their individual percentages of their property ownership. The other 50 percent is paid to the owner of the property from which the ore was produced.GT:CW:I see, so each lessor would get some royalty payment. Right. The terms were "spelled out" to a point where each lessee understood how it worked. Unfortunately, we never had the job of having to proportion the monies because we never developed an ore body, so we solved our own "problem", you might say.Now, this particular agreement you mentioned was put together by Mr. Edwards primarily--and staff.Howard and I were working on it.And you•ve indicated and somewhat implied through this that it was a unique document for a mining district--for handling a mining district. Is that fair to say?The idea had probably originated earlier, but I believe that this particular one involving eight companies really refined the process of how theGT:CW: GT:CW:407
 CLARK L. WILSON #12division of royalties would work. For instance, here are the lessors, East Tintic Coalition Mining Company which was one of ours, and the acreage was 4.1 acres. The Eureka Bullion Mining Company had 5.9 acres.International Smelting and Refining Company was the "biggie", they had 671 acres. East Tintic Coalition had 60 acres. Eureka Bullion had 85, Kennecott Copper Corporation had 366. North Lilly had 112. Big Hill Mining Company had 70. Tintic Standard Mining Company had 29. Twentieth Century Mining Company had almost 48. So we had a total of 1,443 acres which made a pretty good sized exploration area. I suppose the only reason Tintic Standard Mining Company would participate was theirs was such a small acreage, just a claim and a quarter, and it was probably isolatedfrom their mining area.GT: It couldn't really lose.CW: Right. This was basically an International Smeltingand Refining Company lease,_and we just lumped theseothers in to make a contiguous property package.GT: Whose idea was it?CW: Oh, I'd say this principle probably originated yearsearlier, when there were many property problems. This was a refinement of a complicated arrangement with many companies. Let's look at this property map. It's408
   CLARK L. WILSON #12rather hard to explain it for the record so that people can understand it, but you will see from the map that various colors represent the individual ownerships and we have colored in red theInternational Smelter and Refining Company claims.It's a large area.GT: It's a major area of the map, isn't it?cw: That's right. North Lilly Mining Company is muchsmaller, but it was at the core of mineralization. North Lilly Mining Company had been a very successful silver mining company from the earlier 1900s. Tintic Standard had be_en a great mine, but their claims included in our lease happened to be way out on thefringe of their property separated from their main holdings. You can see that North Lilly again had another chunk here. Big Hill had a shaft on its property, but never really was a producer. All in all, it was a very workable arrangement. It was just too bad we weren't lucky enough to develop mineralization in some of our diamond drilling. This was the way we started to prospect or to develop the area. If we had some good ore intercepts, you could "bet your boots", we would have been down there looking at it underground.409
   CLARK L. WILSON #12GT: Now, the map that we were looking at is entitledproperty map for East Tintic Mining District, Township 10 S, Range 2 W, and it's Utah County, Utah. I don't see a date on this particular map.cw: Well, this map probably originated way back in the 192Os because these are all very old properties. You'll notice the claims are rectangular and are fifteen hundred feet long and six hundred feet wide. They are various shapes but the sidelines have to be parallel to the lode line which is the center line of the claim, and "supposedly" that's where the mineral discovery was actually made. That got to the point where it didn't mean much because some of the discoveries were made underground. The end lines arealso parallel, but the claim doesn't have to be a rectangle of 90 degree corners. You will notice that in this small area of the district there are probably a dozen different companies with claims overlapping others. The person who located first had the right to the ore.GT: The primary claim.CW: That's right. This lease document, had minimumdevelopment requirements each year based on a dollar value. The lessee had to maintain the mining operations in good condition. The lessee had to410
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1 2provide insurance and indemnify any claims made by a third party so that the lessor is protected by policies that are provided by the lessee. In thislease the liability insurance was in the minimum amount of five hundred thousand dollars for bodily injury for each person, and a million dollars for bodily injury for each accident, and five hundred thousand dollars for property damage for each accident. These amounts were a matter of experiencein previous operations throughout Utah.GT: They seem rather small these days, don't they?CW: They really do. Things have changed. The lease refersto property titles and acquisitions, and the individual lessors don't warrant or undertake to defend the title of the tracts. The lessee walks into that with his eyes open. He has probably done some pretty good title check on the properties before signing the lease. The lease provides for use of water developed on the property and defines title to the water developed. There is provision to handledefaults under the lease with a fifteen day notice, period and if this continued beyond ninety days, the lessor can go to court to try to straighten that out. There is also a procedure for lease termination. It specifies what can be removed from the property by411
 CLARK L. WILSON #12the lessee, and what has to stay that belongs to the lessor--what taxes are to be paid and who pays them. The terms include a protection clause in case of anystrikes, or lockouts, or acts of God, this sort of thing. There's an inspection clause that permits the lessor to have access to the property. The lease specifies records and reports that the lessee has to provide to keep the lessor informed of "what's going on". It defines assignments or subcontracts that a:re allowed and for the exchange and protection of information. This can become a bit "nitty-gritty" when there is complicated ownership. If the leaseincludes unpatented claims, the lessee has to take care of the assessment work, and record the notices. So all-in-all, it's a very comprehensive document. One great part of this document is that each one of these eight companies, who were lessees, had to lease it with a complete description of all their claims. You can see here's a legal sheet that's full, and another that's pretty full, another that is half full, and then there are some "metes and bounds" tracts, so all in all the metes and bounds description runs for pages. The document is a "monumental" piece of legal work. I'm sure there are many people in the mining business who would like to412
 CLARK L. WILSON #12get a copy because they could save the big lawyers fee and protect their interests in a similar situation.GT: They use it as a model.cw: That's right. In fact, I have been known to do thatsince I have left the employ of Atlantic RichfieldCompany.GT: How long would you say that document was inpreparation? Was that a year or a couple of yearsworth of work?CW: Oh, I would imagine a good year because we spentquite a bit of time negotiating with the "outsiders" to participate. Of course, our own companies were no big problem, but this involved Kennecott and Tintic Standard and :they naturally wanted to protect their property rights. Particularly Kennecott, they had a room full of attorneys the same way Anaconda did.GT: Were they tough to deal with?CW: Well, Kennecott still uses the Parsons, Bailey andLatimer firm, and we had other negotiations between Anaconda and that firm. It was interesting. Tflere were two of their attorneys, one in particular, who was a very abrasive individual. I just hated to have to go in and negotiate with him. We did a lot of negotiating with them on the Carr Fork (Bingham413
   CLARK L. WILSON #12Canyon) project that I wouldbefore all this is over with.doing a similar joint venture out in Carr Fork canyon between our properties there and Kennecott together with several Anaconda subsidiary companies. Jim Lee who is a member of the Parsons-Behle firm, is areasonable negotiator and it was always nice to have him there. He is a good lawyer and a good personality and a nice person to deal with. In our case, it was all "in-house", and we had Scott Matheson for most of this. Howard Edwards had gone east to the Anaconda New York o!fice. Just to show you how the negotiations with Kennecott began at the first meeting that we had--we being Scott Matheson, ourattorney; Jim Garmoe, our geologist and myself with Jack 0'Keefe who was their Utah manager; and Ken Matheson who was the manager at the Kennecott Bingham Mine and their geologist. Ken was a nice guy to deal with. I am sorry to say that Jack O'Keefe was not a reasonable person to negotiate with. We were sitting in Ken's office, and some negotiating point came up, O'Keefe started to get a "bit brittle" and mean and rough. Scott said, "Now, look Mr. O'Keefe, if that's the way this negotiation is going to continue it's finished as of right now." The approach by Scott414like to talk about We at Anaconda were
 CLARK L. WILSON #12accomplished its purpose because I don't recall that we met with 0'Keefe again. Ken Matheson had other people in their organization that we talked to and with one exception they were fine. In spite of personalities we did complete the negotiation.GT: Let's come back to the organization chart, and I think the question I was asking was how one of those agreements might work, and I think we have gotten through that reasonably well. Have we completed a look at this chart, Mr. Wilson? (Interruption] We were looking at the chart. Now, I think that rounds out the organizational chart from the view of your desk on North Temple, Salt Lake City. Let's talk alittle more about the Tintic operations. We have gone through what were some of the basic components of the lesseejlessor agreement, and it was unusual. In actuality how did it work?CW: Anaconda had appropriated funds to start the exploration work as soon as the document was approved and signed. One of our company geologists, Bob Seklemian from the Salt Lake office, had done quite a bit of geologic reconnaissance in the Tintic District. This district had been the subject of years of work by numerous geologists. I would say that our geologists knew about as much as anybody would know415
 CLARK L. WILSON #12about the district geology. As a result of their work, it was decided that we had some targets there that were geologically and structurally favorable for replacement ore deposits. We contracted with a Diamond Drilling Company to "poke" some holes downand see what the geology looked like. And as I recall, financing was getting a "little bit tight" about this time. I suppose the company was approaching the period of political problems in Chile where President Allende of Chile expropriated the Chuquicamata open pit and Anaconda lost its status of being the largest mining company in the world to being one that was really in trouble. Unfortunately, the two or three holes we drilled at Eureka (and they were fairly deep, several thousand feet) just didn't pick up the mineralization that was needed to continue the project. It just "died a natural death"for lack of funding.GT: And it really didn't get the full treatment that itCW:GT:CW:should have perhaps had.It never did.What year was the document signed?It was dated March 4, 1971, for twenty-five years andwas renewable for another twenty-five years.416
   CLARK L. WILSON #12GT: So you were drilling these holes probably in 1971,maybe '72. CW: Right.GT: What did it cost you to run a hole like that?CW: I would have to check my monthly reports to answerthat. (The monthly report files will be an exhibit.) The contract would provide for certain minimum costs to move drilling equipment in and out. The drilling company protected themselves for that expense. As the hole got deeper it became more expensive to drill and the price per foot for drilling increased due to thetime for pulling the core out, changing bits and going back in the hole. I don't have any recollection of the scale of charges at that time.GT: Would the funds that had been made available for the exploration have been internal funds for Anaconda or would they have gone outside to raise the money to do this?CW: Back in these days the company was doing pretty well and provided its own financing.GT: They could afford to capitalize some of this effort? CW: That's right and they had a good size budget for exploration. We had numerous projects going on around the country. Of course, the company was in uranium mining in a big way down in New Mexico. They also had417
 CLARK L. WILSON #12a big new copper open pit south of Tucson, Arizona. They both were very lucrative. It was those projects that eventually enticed Atlantic Richfield to move in and take over the company.We were looking at your notes there for about 1970 orGT:CW:171. What were the prices of lead and zinc at the time? I was going to read those into the record if they were current for this time period. We will deal with that a little later. Was Jim Quigley involved with you in this? (Lead and zinc were both sixteen cents per pound.)Jim was not involved in that particular project. Later on, when we decided to consolidate as many of the Tintic District companies as we could into one, that's when we used Jim because he had the best overall knowledge of the geology and production areas in the Tintic District.Now, you spent how much time running those holes? Three months, four months?It was probably one drilling season in the summer that accomplished it.So somewhere by '73 the project was on hold.That would be my estimate. (The Tintic project was finished in August 1979.)Now, what happens after that time?GT:CW:GT:CW:GT:418
 CLARK L. WILSON #12CW: This summary is January '77, and we still had that asan active item.GT: So it was still in the structure in '77.CW: I have a memorandum here that is dated June of '73,GT: CW:and it is titled "Meeting to Discuss the Future of the Tintic Unit area in Juab County." This is the lease that we talked about. This was held in Tucson in May, and those that were attending the meeting were R. c. Weed, who at that point was the manager in the Western states for the Anaconda Company for allthe mining operations; G. A. Barber, who was one of the top geologists for the company down there in Tucson; W. J. (Jim) Garmoe, a geologist here in Salt Lake; myself, and also Bob Seklemian, who I mentioned earlier had compiled the geology for the district. Spell his last name for us.It's s-e-k-1-e-m-i-a-n. He is a competent geologist and also "an artist". He would prepare isometric projections of the potential ore zones in the sedimentary rocks with the faults going this way and that. I wish I had one of those. It would be worthwhile framing it.GT: Frame it for a work of art.CW: Clayton J. Parr had joined the law department here inSalt Lake. He was in our the Salt Lake office and was 419
    CLARK L. WILSON #12in on this project. He is now in a law firm at second South and State. He and two or three other lawyers developed a firm after he le ft Anaconda. Dick Knostman of Anaconda who was a good geologist was also on this project. He and Bob summarized all of the geological information available at that time. One interesting comment was that George Barber, we called him Art, pointed out in a discussion that the net smelter return figure which is the dollar valueof the ore was high. Anaconda as both the principal lessor and a lessee could live with it, meaning we were on "both sides" of the project. So in a sense it didn't matter which way the project went, we were still protected. Weed approved the decision to proceed with the drilling that would be based on the geological targets in what was called "the upper plate", meaning some of the upper sedimentary rock formations. The "lower plate" targets appeared to be quite nebulous. They were so darn deep it was hard to interpret the geology.targets containing two to twenty-five million tons of ore such as occurred at the nearby Bergen Mine and at the North Lilly Mine were of definite interest toAnd very expensive to get at.GT:CW: And how "good" they would be. The geology indicated420
 CLARK L. WILSON #12Anaconda and recommended the drilling of at least two holes to test the upper plate targets. As I recall, that's about what we did. Two hundred thousanddollars for the initial year's drilling had been approved with five hundred thousand dollars appropriated for the Utah operation's budget for '73,'74, and '75. Anaconda had John Rahilly in Tucson who was the man "counting" the money. He confirmed that two hundred thousand dollar appropriation was a part of the capital expenditures budget for '73. When we had these group meetings we sure had every departmentrepresented there.GT: Had the information, didn't they? That tells us thatit probably cost two hundred thousand dollars to dothe drilling that you did.CW: The initial part of it anyway, that's right.GT: It isn 1 t clear, but you indicate that you probablydidn't spend the full five hundred thousand dollars. CW: As I recall we were stopped.GT: Before you spent it. So the attempts to consolidatethe Tintic lessee-lessor agreement into your own holdings did not come until certainly after '73, and it sounds like maybe after '76, '77?CW: I have a proxy statement on that that I wasn't able to locate today, but I will get it because it's quite421
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 2an interesting document (the proxy statement is dated July 14, 1976, and the certificate of the companies that merged is dated December 1, 1976.) I would like to make this comment on the Dragon Consolidated Mining Company. We talked about it earlier on and mentioned that it was the haloysite clay that was very interesting.GT: Now, this is one of the North Lilly properties?CW: No, Dragon Consolidated is not one of the separate companies that was included in the merger. Dragon had cash assets valued at $877,540.00 (1977) and some Dragon stockholders were objecting to participation in the merger as this would be about 30 percent of the total merged assets. The Dragon production record started in 1954 and closed out in 1977. Filtrol cancelled the lease June 30, 1977. Back in those early days they were producing clay that was worth $140 to $200,000 a year. Those figures seem to stay in that range down to about 1968. Dragon paiddividends from January 20, 1917 to September 13, 1972, totalling seventy-four cents a share for a total of $1,387,500. During this period of clay production this was an open pit operation, so they were doing pretty well. When the open pit clay reserve began to tighten up on them the mining went422
 CLARK L. WILSON #12underground. Production dropped from 129,068 tonsjyear to 96,069, and got down to a little underGT: CW:GT: CW: GT: CW:20,000 tons in 172. Dragon was not included in the Tintic company merger as several stockholders with 16.7 percent of the stock intended to dissent. Finally, in 1977 clay sales were twelve thousand dollars.Major effort wasn't it?Much of the royalty payment went to North Lilly through its 65 percent stock ownership of Dragonstock which helped North Lilly's treasury. Was the clay mostly for the paper industry? Actually, it was a filter material.That's right, we talked about that.They shipped it to Salt Lake City to a plant out south of the airport where they would process it to a certain extent. From there it was shipped down to California where they had the final operation to produce the filter media. Let's discuss the shares of capital stock of North Lilly involved in the merger. Well, let's see--Perhaps we ought to discuss that.Now, is this the merger after this agreement had been drawn? Okay. So now you had basically ceased theGT: CW: GT:423
 CLAR L. WILSON #12drilling operations, and the property was sitting waiting for further action?CW: Right.GT: My understanding is that the next major thing thathappened in the Tintic area was a major reorganization and merging of companies. Is that correct?cw: That is correct.GT: We will have to fill in the date. We are not quitecertain the date of when that occurred. You have some information that explains how it came about and the percentages of ownership generated from the merger. _CW: I have an exhibit here that is dated July 14, 1976 with the general information on all the Tintic District companies. It breaks them up under three categories, one is Anaconda controlled. There is only one company, that's the North Lilly Mining Company.[END OF S I D E TWO]424
 THE IS THE SECOND TAPE IN SESSION 10 APRIL 22, 1987. THEO ' N E I L ARE DOING THE INTERVIEWING THE UNIVERSIT Y OF UTAH MARRIOTT OF THE EVERETT L . COOLEY ORALSESSION I S WITH CLARK L . WILSON. DR. GREGORY C.INTERVIEWTHOMPSONI N SAL TLIBRARY .HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #13]AND DR. FLOYD LAKE CIT Y A T[ T H I S I S P ARTGT: Clark, we were talking about how the corporate structure looked in January 19, 1967.CW: Under Anaconda control we had one company, that's the North Lilly Mining Company. The next group would be the companies that are controlled by North Lilly. They read as follows: Big Hill Mining Company, withonly 70 acres of ground; Defender Mining and Milling Company, it had 28 acres; Dragon Consolidated Mining Company had 270 acres; East Tintic Coalition had 59 acres; Empire Mines was sizeable, it has 632 acres.GT: It was the largest of the group here wasn't it?CW: That's right.GT: Other than the Anaconda control.CW: Eureka Swansea Extension had 132 acres. North GodivaConsolidated, 33 acres. I always loved that name. GT: G-o-d-i-v-a?CW: Right. New Southern Eureka about 58 acres. Swansea Consolidated Mining Company; somebody from the "old country" started that company, a 118 acres. Tintic Drain tunnel, 256 patented claims and fee land with a total of 6,700 acres, but a lot of this was east of425
 CLARK L. WILSON #13the mountain range out in the sagebrush flats in an area to provide a low enough elevation to drive a drainage tunnel. Tintic Central Mining Company had 274 acres. Twentieth Century Mining Company about 48 acres. International Smelting and Refining Company had some controlling interests in these companies. One was Eureka Bullion Mining Company with 85 acres, Mountain View Mining Company, 73 acres, Victor Consolidated Mining Company, 25Consolidated Mining Company, 151 acres. It isinteresting to note the number of charter years for each company. I would say about 45 percent have a hundred years, and the balance have fifty years. When it comes to whether or not they are assessable you should understand that back in the early years when these companies were incorporated the favorite way of financing was not only in selling stock, initially, but having it subject to assessment so that as they ran out of funds in the treasury and needed financing for some additional exploration, the stockholders could be assessed. I would say that probably all of these companies were assessable. Under the discussion of mine workings it is interesting that a few of them just had some surface work meaning that there wereprobably some bulldozer cuts or trenching very 426acres, Yankee
 CLARK L. WILSON #13superficial. Tintic drain tunnel actually had a seven thousand foot tunnel, and one four hundred foot shaft. The only problem was that the seven thousandfeet of tunnel didn't get them anywhere near to where they had the objectives in the property to do any constructive underground work.GT: They'd run a lot of tunnel for no action hadn't they? CW: That's right. Of course, North Lilly is the one thathad the most activity. There is a pretty good shaft, seventeen hundred feet deep with fourteen levels. Of course, it had been a producing mine, and it had over a thousand acres, so it was a sizeable affair. One of the interesting        in the Tintic District is that the Tintic Standard Mining Company, which we had nothing to do with, had originally sunk an incline. Old man Radditz and his wife were school teachers, and they had some confidence that there was a mining district there and sank this incline shaft. The underground conditions were getting tougher and tougher and getting hotter and wetter, but they finally intersected an ore body which opened up that part of the East Tintic District. They went ahead and sank a vertical shaft that went right through the ore body. They started mining around the shaft and began to get subsidence and that was the roughest shaft427
 CLAR L . WILSON    ride I ha e ever had. They'd keep shoring this shaft up, prop it up here and there, and it sure shook the "bejesus" out of you if you went too fast through those areas.GT: One of the things I notice on the information you have here is it talks about when these various companies were incorporated in Utah. It might be good to get into the document those dates: The North Lilly Mining Company, 1916; the Big Hill Mining Company,1899; the Defender Mining and Milling Company, 1948; the Dragon Consolidated, 1911; East Tintic Coalition, 1917; the Empire Mines Company, 1917; the Eureka Swansea Extension, 1898; the Middle Swansea Mining Company, 1899; the North Godiva Consolidated, 1907; the New Southern Eureka, 1939; the Swansea Consolidated, 1908; the Tintic Drain Tunnel, 1917; and the Tintic Central Mining Company, 1907; the Twentieth Century Mining Company, 1929; the Eureka Bullion Mining Company, 1916; the Mountain View Mining Company, 1924; the Victor Consolidated Mining Company, 1903; and the Yankee Consolidated Mining Company, 1898. It shows that the Tintic district, ofcourse, has been an active mining area foroff and on. So this was the view of the prior to drawing up the leasing agreement that weyears,428many area
 CLARK L. WILSON #13have talked about earlier and prior to a major consolidation and merging effort. Is that correct.CW: That's right.GT: Let's talk about what the picture looks like thenafter that merger takes place.CW: Well, as has been stated, there were sixteencompanies that were to be a part of this. The big problem, of course, was to recognize the value of each company in relation to each other to be fair to all the shareholders. It was a rather complicated situation. In the first place, I suppose that it was North Lilly as the surviving company that retained Jim Quigley, who had spent his years immediately after graduating from college working in and around that district and eventually developed a partnership in mining exploration. He knew pretty much what the Tintic District was all about. We asked him to go ahead and evaluate as near as he could the assets of the companies to be involved. What we did was finally come up with some figures that would provide an equivalent asset stock interest in North Lilly Mining Company.GT: How long did it take you to do that?CW: Oh, I suppose he spent the best part of a summer. GT: Quite an assignment.429
   CLARK L. WILSON #13CW: That's right. Of course, it included quite a fewexhibits that were important in explaining to the stockholders just what we were talking about. What the evaluation really boiled down to is that we needed a dollar value on the physical assets of each company, and he established some "rules of thumb" that I don't recall. They were based on the geological zones in the Tintic district and were his personal evaluation based on knowledge and experience. He would decide that a mining claim in Zone A was worth so many dollars an acre, and on theother hand other property in Zones B, c, D, or E had a different value. He applied this to all these companies. The result was that we had a listing of all the various companies. I notice that the lowest total value of the property in this evaluation is Victor Consolidated Mining Company with an asset value of $6,132. Compared to that was Dragon Consolidated Mining Company that had been a recent halloysite clay producer and probably still had some reserves. The company asset value was $1,612,832. The company assets varied "all across the block". There is a one at $8,BOO and the jump up to the middle hundred thousands. Here is one $326,000 up to $704,000. So all in all, by throwing in the North430
 CLARK L. WILSON #13Lilly assets, we had a total asset value of $4,957,380, and that divided by the number of shares outstanding in North Lilly made each share worth$3.53. It was quite a complicated affair. This exhibit that is titled "a stock conversion calculation of sixteen Tintic mining companies to an equivalent asset stock interest in North Lilly Mining Company" had eight columns. We started column one with a total value, the second column was a North Lilly percentage ownership in each one of these companies which they already had. Column three was a North Lilly share of the total assets of all theselittle companies, and column four was other shareholders' share of the total assets. That would be the "outside" stockholders. Then we had to figure out the shares of North Lilly sto<;::k that would be issued to other shareholders based on all these previous asset figures. Column six would then be the shares of stock held by other stock shareholders. And we had a column of fractional shares of North Lilly stock for one share of other companies. This was a multiplier that was used to finally come up with the final answer. Column eight was titled, "The Shares Required to Equal One Share of North Lilly Stock," and this was what the whole exercise was about. In431
 CLARK L. WILSON #13other words, if you were a stockholder in Big Hill Mining Company you would have to put up 46.7 shares of Big Hill to come up with one share of North Lilly. On the other hand, Dragon Consolidated with thelargest assets of all these that would be converted, you only had to put up 4.1 shares. East Tintic Coalition was 112, so the ratio varies all over the scale. Actually, the North Godiva Consolidated Mining Company had to put up 333 shares to get one share,and the roughest one was Victor Consolidated MiningCompany, it had to put up 500.GT: Wasn't worth a lot really was it?cw: No, it wasn't. As I recall they only had about one ortwo claims, that's about it.GT: Now, the purpose for doing this is for Anaconda togain a greater amount of control over the operations, is that correct?CW: Well, the way we looked at it was that we were having to finance--we at this point, you might say being North Lilly Mining Company, were having to support all the corporate costs of these other companies. It wasn't big but it carne up every year. It was just a lot of office work and there was nothing being done on most of the properties. We felt that we better simplify our bookkeeping and see if we couldn't come432
 CLARK L. WILSON #13up with a consolidation. As I recall, our lawyers mentioned that there had just been a new law passed by the State legislature that permitted aconsolidation like this and made it feasible and simple to accomplish.In Utah.GT:CW: Right. So, of course, that was an incentive to workit out. The way it worked out, the job was to develop a proxy. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to locate that today, but I will find it. It was quite a job, of course, to prepare all this information, but we had most of it in the regular corporate records, and, of course, this was an "exercise" on the values of the various company assets, you might say. One of the problems we always had with these companies was lostshareholders. Anybody that is familiar with a stock company will know that stockholders die and the company doesn't hear about it. In fact, I have mentioned before I inherited a couple of old mining companies from my father out in Gold Hill, Utah. It is interesting that every once in a while I get a letter from someone in Florida or Canada for example and their stock interest might go clear back to the time when the company was incorporated which was way back in the early 1900s. Lureen Brock my secretary433
 CLARK L. WILSON #13was working on this stockholder list along with some of the other Anaconda secretaries, and it was amazinghow they could call up someone and obtain lost shareholder information. Lureen's mother was a very active Mormon in the genealogy business of Utah, so Lureen was able to run down quite a few of these folks. We prepared the proxy and set up the meeting. We had to have a stockholder's meeting for every company. This is how it worked. We had one on a Monday morning just to get the project going. Lureen would take notes on attendance. We had a fellow by the name of Phil Maynard from Tooele who had been active as an officer and a director in these companies over the years and quite helpful at theTooele smelter in bookkeeping and records. Scott Woodland was our attorney from the Van Cott firm. Jim Quigley was the geologist, and the proceedings were taped. I presided as chairman and called the meeting to order and went through a regular stockholder meeting for each company. It didn't matter whether there was one or more shareholders or none. Generally, there were maybe three, four, or five shareholders present. There were two or three brokers in Salt Lake who "played around" with these stocks. They came to the meetings that they were interested434
   CLARK L. WILSON #13in. Occasionally, they were lucky, there were two meetings back to back that they were interested in. They might be there in the morning and perhaps they would come back in the afternoon and then perhaps wouldn't see them for a day or two. I remember we hadGT: CW: GT:CW: GT:one meeting where there was no shareholder. I was getting "tired" of standing up at the podium and going through this rigmarole. Jim Quigley was also giving his geology lecture that many times. So I turned to Scott Woodland and said, "Look do we have to go through with this?" He let me know, "You know you have got to go through it, now get busy." So we proceeded to have a shareholder's meeting without any shareholders. The last meeting we held on Friday morning and completed the project.In a week.In the period of a week.And all of you learned the geology in the area quite well by the end of that week.We sure did. Quigley did a bang-up job on that.Let's stop for this session. Thank you, Mr. Wilson, very much, and we will see you when we continue on the next time.[END OF S I D E ONE]435
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH CLARK APRIL 2 7 , 1 9 8 7 . THIS IS THE ELEVENTH SESSIONL . WILSON ON INTERVIEWING THOMPSON AND FLOYD 0'NEIL. THE INTERVIEW IS BEING CONDUCTED AT THEWITH M R . W I L S O N . THEUNIVERSITY OF UTAH IN SALT LAKE CITY. [TAPE #13B]I N T E R V I E W E R S ARE GREGGT: Mr. Wilson, when we finished our last session we were talking about the Tintic District, and I note that you have in front of you some documents relating to the effort to bring that property together.CW: As a matter of interest the production of the Tintic District in 1869 through 1970 totalled about $930 million, and this included gold, silver, copper, lead, and zinc production and represents minerals recovered from approximately 16,000,800 tons of ore. The Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus for consolidation of the sixteen companies into North Lilly Mining Company was dated July 14, 1976. What we did was summarize the features of the merger and presented statistical information with a series oftables. For instance, the first table (page 9) lists the participating corporations, and the title or class of its stock which was all common stock. The par values varied from five cents up to a dollar. Most of them had a million to two million shares authorized with three companies less than that, and the outstanding shares approached the shares authorized mainly from the stock that Anaconda or436
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1 3 BNorth Lilly Mining Company owned. We indicated the number of shares held by each of those two companies and the percentage of the class of stock. Thisinformation was followed by several proposals. The first one was the merger of the merging corporations into North Lilly. The surviving corporation would be North Lilly, and we had a chart on page fifteen that gave the number of shares of North Lilly common stock to be issued in exchange for each outstanding share of the capital stock of the merging corporations. This was one column. They were fractional shares. Forinstance, in the case of Big Hill Mining Company it was .0214 of a share of North Lilly for one share of Big Hill. Then it gave the actual number of shares of capital stock of the merging corporations to be exchanged for one share of North Lilly. This is the converse of the other column. In the case of Big Hill it was 46.73 shares of their stock for one of North L illy . In the case of Mountain View Mining Company which was very low in assets it took 303 shares to equate to one share of North Lilry. And for "poor old" Victor Consolidated Mining Company, it took 500 shares to one share of North Lilly.GT: They must have been pretty happy to see you come in437
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 3 Band begin to develop some activity with their property if they were in that situation.CW: It is my recollection that we had no real problems from the shareholders because they were generally very happy to get stock in a company that was known, that was active and also listed on the Salt Lake Stock Exchange. We also had another column on page seventeen that showed the advances of cash that were made by North Lilly and Anaconda to the corporations in which they held stock: Eureka Bullion Mining Company owed Anaconda a little over $50,000, Mountain View Mining Company owed $9,288, Victor Consolidated owed Anaconda $2,364, Yankee Consolidated $16,461. In summary, North Lilly had advanced $196,239 to the companies in which they were shareholders and Anaconda had advanced $78,640. We also provided for the rights of dissenting shareholders and discussed subjects that we thought stockholders would raise. We even had quite a discussion of the issuance of common stock to Anaconda (two pages) . There is an accounting sheet, page thirty to forty-nine, for each one of these companies for the period 1971 to 1975, and it includes the receipts, the disbursements, and all in all it forms a big part of this proxy statement. Wepreviously discussed the interesting week we spent in 438
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 3 Bdescribing all the assets of the various companies at the stockholder meetings. As a "finish off item" inthis Exhibit A (p. 103) we had proposed amendments to the Articles of Incorporation of North Lilly Mining Company which were accepted by the stockholders. I suppose North Lilly is still in existence. If so, those could be the rules by which they are stilloperating unless further amended.GT: As you look at the Tintic Mining District, try if youcan for me to judge what amount of property, what amount of valuable ore deposits were picked up by Anaconda through this effort. Do you have any sense of that at all?CW: Well, we would have to have a summation of the dollar value of production comparing all of the Anaconda interests with the other varied interests--forinstance, Kennecott and Chief Consolidated. Offhand I shouldn•t even begin to guess at that, but I will stick my neck out at 10 percent.GT: What percentage of the total physical property in the Tintic Mining District would you say was placed in North Lilly ownership? Is it a tenth of the district or a quarter? Do you have any general feelings that way?439
 CLARK L. WILSON #13BCW: Well, without looking at the map I would guess thatwe had 10 to 15 percent of the district.GT: So it was sizeable what you put together?CW: That's right, however, acreage is not a goodcomparison for evaluating these properties because some of our companies had numerous mining claims that were way out on the east and west flanks of the mountain range and out of the actual mining areas. I suppose they were taken up in the early days becauseit was easy to do so and nobody knew where they mightbe eventually going to explore for ore deposits.GT: How do you judge the Tintic District from a position of 1987. Is it one that is going to have a good dealof production later on as prices come back? Do you think it is a district that will be a marginal district?CW: Well, it's really the gold and silver values that will make or break it. To be real honest with you I haven't followed the recent evolution of that district and its ownership. It's the Kennecott properties with the gold and silver values that are still maintaining some interest there. As a matter of comparison, back in 1970 the total value of the Bingham production of gold, silver, copper, lead, zinc and molybdenum was, say, about $10 billion. Park440
 CLARK L. WILSON #13BCity was a billion or a billion plus, and Tintic was a billion minus. So that would be the relative rating of the three districts, and the Utah copper pit waslargely responsible for that large volume in the Bingham District. The way the land ownership is now, Kennecott, for all intents and purposes, has practically the whole ownership of the Bingham D istrict. We previously mentioned that Anaconda(ARCO) turned all of their property over to Kennecott.CW: As I recall Kennecott had picked up the u.s. Smelting, Refining and Mining Company's property a good many years ago.GT: Did they purchase the property outright from Anaconda?CW: We had some information from negotiations with Kennecott when we were trying to work out a deal with them when they wanted to move their pit back to the Northwest which meant they would have to go across Anaconda property. We have already referred to this. Back in the forties and fifties the two companies had negotiations that did not work, and this was renewed after I came back here in 1960 with the Anaconda Company. By that time we, as Anaconda, had done enough drilling to know that there was a very good441
 CLARK L. WILSON #13Bunderground copper ore body on Anaconda ground. so it made for a very long drawn out negotiation. I havesome information on that in my files.GT: We should talk about that in its proper place. Isthere anything else that we should discuss on the Tintic District of how that went? We have talked a little bit about pulling the property together. You indicated last time that once the property was together there had been money set aside for drillingexploration, and that there was an active period orseveral years and then that seemed to decline.CW: That is correct. We previously discussed the diamonddrilling project in the Tintic unit lease.GT: Now, we have been looking at some documents here that relate to those negotiations you talked about with Kennecott. Perhaps we should go ahead and discuss that in some detail. Do you have a date when thesenegotiations started?CW: To introduce it, let me say that I have about anineteen page memo here. It is dated August 5, 1977 that I prepared for the mining department of the Anaconda Company, and it is titled, "Summary of Negotiations Between Kennecott and Anaconda New Bingham Mary For Expansion of the Utah Pit in Carr Fork." New Bingham Mary was one of the subsidiary442
     CLARK L. WILSON #13Bcompanies controlled by Anaconda, so for all intents and purposes we are talking about Anaconda versus Kennecott. There were some discussions back in 1960 that apparently were just oral discussions betweentop management and personnel of Anaconda. At that time Clyde E. Weed was chairman of Anaconda and the Kennecott chairman was Frank R. Milliken. This was concerning Kennecott's desire to acquire rights to some of the Anaconda properties for stripping purposes. Carr Fork was a southwesterly branch fromBingham Canyon and it was in that area where the observation platform for the open pit used to be, in case people are interested.GT: So this would have been an expansion of the existing pit as far as Kennecott was concerned.CW: To the northwest. Once they crossed the road in the bottom of Carr Fork Canyon they would be getting onto property owned by Anaconda. The legal question was whether or not Kennecott could encroach for stripping purposes on our Anaconda property. As I recall we had a memorandum from the Van Cott firm that there was a possibility that Kennecott would try to move onto the Anaconda surface and to do it legally through court action. There was an undated, unsigned memorandum prepared by Anaconda in the later part of 1960 that443
   CLARK L. WILSON #13Bpresented the following Anaconda position based on a Kennecott request for their expansion of its Utah piton a thirty-five degree slope line moving north, and the pit bottom there was at an elevation of about four thousand feet. This compared to a twenty year pit project to the year 1999 at a pit elevation of 4,940. (A) Anaconda (TAC) wasn't in need of cash; they were the largest mining company in the world at the time and doing pretty well. Our TAC position was that Kennecott should make any payments to TAC on a "pay as you go basis" based on Anaconda's tax schedule. TAC didn't want a lump sum payment. (B) Anaconda was not interested in selling the property but would contract with Kennecott to mine the Anaconda ore encountered in the pit and return the copper to Anaconda. (C) It was by giving rights and privileges to Kennecott that Anaconda was to receive an equitable remuneration by a royalty arrangement asKennecott mined the ore. In other words, there was some royalty like 5 percent of the net smelter return of any of that ore in a specified area that should go to Anaconda. (D) Both parties (TAC & KCC) would mine deep copper ore reserves in the future and, therefore, should now resolve the problem of surface and underground ground disturbance. It could be444
 CLARK L. WILSON #13Bpretty tough to be down underneath a pit where the mining operations are blasting and shaking the areathat could affect the stability of the undergroundoperations.GT: This was because of Anaconda's Carr Fork tunnel fromthe Tooele side?CW: Right, these other mine workings were in our ownproperty north of and deeper than the pit. Some of the Anaconda older workings actually took off from Carr Fork Canyon west of the old town of Bingham. The Apex Shaft was on the north side of the pit. There were many openings all through that area from many years back. Anaconda had a last requirement that money arrangements should be protected in the event of inflation. So we were looking at the accounting and ore values that were going to be involved. On November 5, 1972, Milliken, at Kennecott, advised Mr. Clyde Weed, chairman of Anaconda, that during their discussion in 1960 the Kennecott needs were not clear, and further, that the proposal made by Anaconda at that time wasn't applicable and listed the following as the current Kennecott offer. So they started out again with (A) Kennecott needs the Anaconda surface property for the sole purpose of construction, maintenance, and operation of roads and445
   CLARK L. WILSON #13Brailroads for the transportation of overburden, waste and ore from Kennecott property, to facilitate the working of their mine and the mining and removal of their ore body. (B) Kennecott had determined that only 508,000 tons of Anaconda ore would be removed during the thirty-nine year period, and none of this would be removed in the first thirteen years. (C)Since Anaconda wouldn't sell its ore reserves, Kennecott would agree to treat the minor tonnages involved. 508,000 tons is pretty good tonnage but not when this involves an open pit mine. Further, the proposal discussed the minor tonnages involved under a National Tunnel and Mines Company contract with Kennecott. In the National Tunnel and Mines contract- -that was one of the Anaconda companies--there was considerable acreage from the Carr Fork area clear over into Tooele. This was negotiated many years before the Elton tunnel had been driven from the Tooele side to try to get under the Anaconda Carr Fork property. As I recall the years of the Depression got them and so they stopped and there was no activity for many years. And (D) Would Anaconda please advise on terms for granting the easement since Kennecott requirements are much less than earlier envisioned--would Anaconda agree to an446
   CLARK L. WILSON #13Boutright sale of the property involved at one thousand dollars an acre. That was a giveaway price and, of course, didn't go very far with TAC. on November 15, 1962, TAC replied to Milliken that Anaconda would require additional information on mineral values, mining plans, et cetera, involvingexchange of information between the two companies before Anaconda could work out an ultimate document. On December 7, Milliken replied, stating that Kennecott's immediate need was a small easementapparently for a haulage road in Carr Fork, and the easement should not wait for additional information requested by Weed. There is another letter of the same date. Milliken did forward some plan maps with the Kennecott ultimate limit of the open pit mine along Carr Fork, some cross sections for the ultimate pit expansion and the geologic logs for ten diamond drill holes. A diamond drill hole is a process to recover a piece of rock core. Depending on the size of the bit it might be a half an inch or larger in diameter, and depending on the nature of the rock it is possible to recover almost 100 percent. If it is loose or soft rock the recovery may be half of that. The core provides a visual inspection of the earth thousands of feet below the surface. It can be447
   CLARK L. WILSON #13Bassayed to find out what the ore values are. Later in December Weed responded to Milliken and said that TAC was willing to negotiate. In January '63 Milliken said that the surface easement is required at "this time'', and Kennecott's proposal was more than liberalin the light of accepted standards under the Utah statutes. This was the first reference that Anaconda was threatened with condemnation! Condemnation of the surface, that's what I referred to before. Milliken emphasized that the easement should come first and other negotiations would follow. In February of '63 Weed responded to Milliken saying that Anaconda was not disposed to selling its mining ground in CarrFork but we were willing to negotiate. (A) The negotiations would permit (1) Kennecott to strip Anaconda•s surface ore and waste; (2) Kennecott to lease to Anaconda the underground ores under the ultim ate p it or in the Anaconda ground; (3) Kennecott should pay Anaconda five cents a ton on the first twelve million tons of material removed from the Anaconda property1 plus three cents a ton over the thirteen million tons. In other words, Anaconda was proposing1 "If you want to move that ore you are going to have to pay us a little something for doing it." The ore and waste removed would belong to448
   CLARK L. WILSON #13BKennecott. In return Anaconda wanted guaranteed access through Carr Fork Canyon which was veryimportant to us. (B) Anaconda would have the right to drill and develop Kennecott underground ore contiguous with that of Anaconda. (C) the Anaconda lease was to extend to a depth of 3,600 feet above sea level and thus protect Kennecott rights to any possible high grade mineral reserves. And (D) Anaconda would have a right to mine on properties of both companies even if such mining through subsidence would affect pit service. Well, this is quite anextensive document. I suppose it could take half anhour to read this in. Are you willing to listen?GT: Well, those bits and pieces that you want to talk about that you think highlight this, let's get some of that in there so that people understand thecomplexity of the issue that you were dealing with. CW: During '63, there were a series of these memos that went back and forth, and I would assume that if someone from this discussion is interested in what really went on that we should make this documentavailable for your library. I can see no reason why this can't be used. I never heard of it being classified. Incidentally, in the last few years Kennecott acquired all that ground from Anaconda more449
     CLARK L. WILSON #13Bor less as a gift. This '63 negotiation continued on through '64, and the last of those old references was March 20, 1964. It said final agreement was approved. Kennecott received the easement for a track haulage way over Anaconda ground in Carr Fork from March 1,1964, for a period of twenty years. The consideration was ten thousand dollars and Kennecott agreed to protect certain Anaconda facilities and pay an annualrental of one thousand dollars. The New Bingham Mary Company had two or three claims. It was controlled by Anaconda and was included in the agreement as being part of Anaconda. Along in 1970 we resumed negotiations, and it was April 30, 1970, that O'Keefe called me suggesting exchange of geologic information.GT: So it had gone on about six years, about a six year lull there.cw: Apparently this agreement that was reached in March of 164 was sufficient to protect the Kennecott haulage. That really was the most critical provision as far as they were concerned. In December of that year I called O'Keefe to report that our Anaconda geology department wasn't quite ready to exchange information but we agreed we could talk about some of the ground rules. Later, in December, we held a450
    CLARL . WILSON # 1 3 Bmeeting with O'Keefe, and we didagree that a The other part was to discuss how we were going to exchange the drill hole information so that we could each have some information on the other's ore reserves and also the sideline agreement. Incidentally, the vertical sideline agreement is very important when dealing with a negotiation like this. I will bring in the huge Park City claim map. It is longer than this table. And these old timers located claims every which way, based on apex rights, which means that theoretically if you have a full mining claim.fifteensideline agreement was a necessity.hundred feet long with a lode line, so-called, through the center the two end lines can be either at right angles to the lode line or they can be on an angle. But many years ago when mining was first expanding in the West and people were getting shot and killed because they jumped the "other guy's" claims, they came up with this ruling that a person who located a claim along a vein had the right to work downward on that vein (this is what they call 11apex rights") as far as he wanted to go as long as he stayed within the projection of the end lines which I repeat could be at right angles to the sidelines, or they could be at an angle to the451
 CLARK L. WILSON #13Bsidelines as long as the end lines were parallel. When you look at the overlapping claims it is a lawyer's--I was going to say a lawyer's headache. Itis a mining man's headache and a lawyer's guarantee of lifelong employment. Anyway, in December, 1970, we began talking about the property line. The Anaconda and Kennecott representatives met in Bingham January 12, 1971. As I recall it was Scott M. Matheson (later governor) our company attorney; Jim Garmoe, our geologist; myself, Jack O'Keefe, and Ken Matheson of Kennecott, who was the superintendent at the Kennecott pit. O'Keefe notified us that they wanted to move their pit west in 1972 or '73 and stated that Kennecott would not pay a price per ton for removalbut would entertain purchase of the property, and they would remove and deliver Anaconda ore to Anaconda. He came right out and used the threat of condemnation. This really g.ot our ire up. I don't know if you ever knew Jack 0'Keefe, but he is a combative person and a great extrovert. I never will forget Scott Matheson sitting there, and telling him, "Now look, we came here to peacefully discuss a negotiation that would be beneficial to both sides. If you ever raise your voice again and threaten us with anything the whole deal is off!" We sure452
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 3 Bapplauded what he said. It really led, a little later on, to O'Keefe being out of the negotiations and other people taking over, which was a beneficialaction. In January, '71, one of our attorneys, Clayton Parr, who had joined our legal staff, sent a letter to Howard Edwards in the New York City Anaconda office (Howard had been in our Salt Lake office) summarizing the Kennecott-Carr Fork "apex rights" problems. This relates to mineral ownership based on the rights of ownership of a mineral outcrop. The ownership was so complicated that only a"sideline agreement" was practical meaning the two companies could agree to mineral ownership based on occurrences vertically below the surface lines of the mining claims and a boundary line agreed to by both parties. We had to do this. Ken Matheson, (H. K. Matheson) at Kennecott who was the mine superintendent at the time was very competent and had a good personality was the "leader" for Kennecott. He was working on a "settlement" for Anaconda ore mined by their operations that would provide for delivery of copper to us rather than dollars. He felt that we, as Anaconda, should be the underground miner as Anaconda had gone ahead and planned the underground mining (The Carr Fork project with underground entry453
 CLARK L. WILSON #13Band mining from the Tooele side.) In February we started on a drill hole exchange of information and Anaconda announced our plans for the mining operations through the Apex Shaft in Carr Fork. We planned to reactivate the underground Apex Minerequiring us to go up on the surface and clean out and re-timber about fifteen hundred feet of the "old" Apex Shaft down to our Carr Fork tunnel and then start de-watering to get down to the deeper levels and ore reserves. We felt that Kennecott should pay Anaconda a (1) net profit on ores from our propertyin the open pit stripping area; and (2) Kennecott had the right to strip waste and leach areas ore. Anaconda should share in leach production because our leach copper would be treated by KCC; (3) Kennecott had to provide us access to get into the underground Apex Mine; and (4) Kennecott was to lease its underground ores to us. We would negotiate the vertical sideline agreement, and Kennecott would deliver to us any lead-zinc ore that they found in the open pit. At that point Ken Matheson (KCC} wanted to know if (1) our underground plans were firm and(2) if it were exploration and ore production. Our answer was yes on both.[END OF SIDE TWO) 454
 CLARK L . WILSON INTERVIEWED BY DR. GREGORY C. THOMPSON ON APRIL 27, 1987. [THIS IS PART OF THE EVERETT COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #14.]CW: Ken Matheson asked if we would need underground from the Bingham side, and we said,"Sure, but we want our drainage to go to the Tooele side," because there was no way to start putting all that water into the Salt Lake Valley. O'Keefe began to get a "bit testy" and threatened condemnation of our surface to expand their pit. Scott Matheson, as our attorney, let him know in no uncertain terms thatcondemnation was a "two-way street". O'Keefe settled down and agreed to proceed on the good points of our discussion. This conversation set off a real research program in Anaconda because some of our people in New York had been involved in earlier discussion of this same nature. Well, by this time we were far enough along that we were ready to go to New York City for meetings. In March we had one with Jay Parkinson, Anaconda president, and Jack Hall, a vice president who was my boss. It was approved by New York that we proceed with the Apex de-watering to provide access for underground diamond drilling. We met with O'Keefe to let him know what our plans were, and we reiterated our six points and pushed for the boundary agreement. O'Keefe agreed to the order of six points455access
    CLARK L. WILSON #14but emphasized their need for drill hole records forinformation on lead-zinc mineralization and to determine the pit copper ore and leach ore to be handled with arrangements for settling with Anaconda on the copper production from ore and leach. O'Keefe had no great interest in the exchange of deep drill hole information, and he closed the discussion by announcing his retirement in 1976 and hoped to have a negotiation "tacked on the wall". He wasn't "around" to see that! Then followed meetings with Garmoe(Anaconda) and Ken Matheson (Kennecott) going over some of the details of geology and ore reserves. We had to have the Anaconda Company Executive Committee approve this request to enter into the sideline negotiation with Kennecott because we were talking about assets of millions of dollars and this required the Anaconda Board of Directors' approval. At the beginning of '71 we had a New York meeting with John Bassett Moore Place (I called him "Good Old BM" but not to his face) who was then the chairman of the board of Anaconda representing the banking interests in New York who financed the needs of Anaconda. Jack Hall presented the economic calculations of this Kennecott trade. Kennecott needed our drill hole information for similar calculations and there was456
 CLARK L. WILSON #14discussion of the sideline agreement and that it should proceed first. The point was made that O'Keefe started one and a half years ago requesting our drill hole information, and this was the first time thatKennecott had shown real interest. We in Salt Lake proposed approaching 0 'Keefe on expediting the execution of the sideline document and information exchange as the first step. This was agreed to by Anaconda in New York. There was a rehash of our geology department request for "full exchange" of allinformation. That wasn't approved, and there was an effort by some in the "New York Group" to get New York in the negotiation and that wasn't approved. September 20th, the case of Kennecott vs. City of Bingham Canyon to condemn private and public owned buildings was a matter of interest to all. Kennecott finally settled with an out-of-court purchase. On September 27th, Anaconda had an Apex Shaft water discharge meeting at Kennecott. This was one of Jack O'Keefe's "greater days". That needs an explanation.The overburden or waste rock stripped from the open pit mine area was transported by railroad to canyons or gulches north of the open pit. This rock contained small amounts of copper. Kennecott would sprinkle the surface of these waste dumps with457
   CLARKL . WILSON # 1 4sulfuric acid and pump water onto the top of the dumps so that the acid would percolate down through the waste rock and remove the copper as copper sulphate. This "copper water" would drain into Bingham Canyon Creek. A precipitation plant was constructed at the mouth of the canyon. Long troughs built of concrete were filled with scrap iron and the"copper water" percolated through the scrap. The iron replaced the copper resulting in a copper metal sludge and the iron sulfate solution was evaporated in a pond.Prior to the ponding of the sulfate it had been running down into the flats below the canyon and drained into the Jordan River. I remember working for Utah Copper back in the late 1930s and seeing this material in the area that is now housing.Getting back to the meeting with O'Keefe and our pumping project at the Apex Tunnel. His comment was "Well, you know, our reservoir has been filling, and it has been raining, and it's getting cool, and so you have got to do something with your water." He offered the use of other ponds, but Anaconda would have to provide lining (plastic) that would cost $2.5 million. Kennecott said they would continue to negotiate with us but they had to go north across our458
   CLARK L. WILSON #14Carr Fork property with their open pit. On November 16, 1971, he called me and requested the Anaconda"selling price" for the Carr Fork property and sent us a letter confirming the request.Kennecott had constructed a reservoir at the mouth of Bingham Canyon. He was told the next day or so by me that Anaconda would need sideline andinformation exchange documents before we would consider his purchase proposition. He acknowledged that these documents had been put on his desk but weren't important till he had our answer; in other words, he was stalling. So I came right out, and said, "Well, I assumed we will proceed with the negotiations." He said, "The deal's off." I "jumped" on him with our "good faith" discussions and reviewed Anaconda's continuing efforts. He hung up on me. I was consulting with all my people on all of this, youcan be sure. So I sent a letter to O'Keefe on November 23d reviewing the negotiation and offered to renew the discussion on the basic points: (1) Payments for our Anaconda leach ·ore; (2) The boundary agreement; (3) Surface facilities which we would have to have; (4) The lease to Kennecott of our underground reserves; and (5) Our Anaconda lead-zinc ores. We had all kinds of input from our Salt Lake459
      CLARK L. WILSON #14geology and mining departments and lots of second guessing by particularly those in our New York city office. In December we had an amiable meeting with O'Keefe but he kept talking the price, and he had nooffer. He wanted our price quote. He could see no reason for exchange of geological information, and he hadn't come prepared to quote a price. So on December 23, 1971, he had a letter for Anaconda and offered a hundred dollars an acre for a perpetual easement on Anaconda property. Kennecott would deliver Anaconda ore at the cost of extraction with delivery to Anaconda facilities. They didn't estimate a substantial quantity of ore on Anaconda property. We knew better. I sent him a letter in January and summarized the twelve-month negotiation based on our previous understanding. Anaconda was finding it difficult to understand why Kennecott suspended our proposal for a processing agreement. All KCC would do is ask for a sale price. We were still willing to meet for further discussion. On January 17th I received a letter from Kennecott. O'Keefe reviewed the chronology of negotiating history starting with his phone call on April 30th of '70. This included:(1) property boundaries, (2) exchange of geological information, (3) the Kennecott surface plan, (4)460
    CLARK L. WILSON #14Anaconda Apex Mine de-watering, (5) lead-zinc ores, and (6) handling Anaconda copper ores. "With all this'Kennecott cooperation' Anaconda had never indicated its price or conditions for KCC utilization of TAC surface." Scott Matheson and I discussed this with Bob Weed at the Tucson headquarters of TAC. Weed, a nephew of the former chairmen Clyde E. Weed was now head of the mining division for Anaconda. Bob Weed and Bill Quigley in New York (he was a great guy) through their New York/Kennecott conversations found agreement on a boundary, but there were problems on information exchange. Weed authorized a call to O'Keefe for Anaconda to proceed on the sideline and information exchange, but we wouldn't talk price until Jim Garmoe, our geologist, had completed ore calculations. The same day, I called O'Keefe and told him about this--O'Keefe said he had to know "what it would take to take the cover off the box", meaning how much money was there. On February 23, at the Utah Mining Association meeting, 0 'Keefe--I quote here, "Casually asked if Anaconda was proceeding with the Carr Fork analysis," and I gave him April 1st.GT: It sounds like, as you mentioned, that O'Keefe, while he was involved, was not really interested in an agreement.461
  CLARK L. WILSON #14CW: No, not unless he got the "best deal." The attorneyswere really marking time on this. Thumbing through this material on March 28, 1974, there was an Anaconda position paper. We said Kennecott could strip to the fifty-year pit limit, and they were to deliver ten thousand tons of ore a day of 0.6 percent copper material at the beginning of year for a twenty-nine year period. In other words, they would actually ship us this ore.GT: Isn't that about twice the copper content of the pit that they were mining at the time?CW: No, that was about the average at that time.GT: Pretty standard.CW: Anaconda was to receive a lease on the undergroundKennecott limestone ores and we were to pay a net smelter return royalty of 3 percent for each 1 percent copper and this was conditioned on straightening the property boundary. The term was a minimum of thirty-five years or as long as Anaconda was mining. Kennecott was to pay for construction and equipping a conveyer haulage tunnel from the pit to Pine Canyon which is over the ridge to the west on the Tooele side. That was a pretty good size investment that we were proposing. The discussions continued and--incidentally, I notice here on July 9,462
    LARL . WILSON # 1 4197 , that we had a dinner for Kennecott officials at the Alta Club in Salt Lake. John Bassett Moore Place, President of Anaconda and Dick Knight, a vice president, both from New York City, together with Bobee and Archie McDonell from Tucson, were in Salt Lake to visit the Carr Fork project at Tooele and the re a ped operations at United Park City Mines Co pany, Park City, Utah. I had arranged the dinnerfor the Anaconda New Yorkers to meet B. B. Smith of Kennecott, Ken Matheson, Dean Kerr, Dick Schilling, and 0. c. Madsen, who was the KCC financial man.GT: So O'Keefe was out by now, or did they just replace hi in the negotiating team with Smith?cGT:   :B. B. Smith had taken over. B. B. was a good,            person and very capable.Is he still alive?o, he died. His widow is still living in Salt Lake.e continued this long series of negotiations arguing back and forth on ratios, tonnages, things like that. F1nally, on June 2, 1975, the two company geologists met and agreed on a pit reserve based on twenty years to 1999. The compromise was as follows: there was 15,730,000 tons of ore and the copper content was 0.73 percent, the recovery was estimated at 87 percent, so there were 99,900 tons of copper. In the463
   CLARK L. WILSON #14waste rock that could be leached, there was 438 million tons of "ore" at 0.06 percent copper. Only 25 percent of that copper would be recovered so there was 65,700 tons of copper. The total was 165,600 tonsof copper. From July '7 5 through March '7 6 there weren't any negotiations. B. B. Smith would respond to occasional phone calls that Kennecott was doing its homework. Finally, in April of '76, we had a meeting and again went through a whole series of six or seven deals. For instance, in one of these Anaconda was to receive concentrate at a commercial     interchange nearest to the Kennecott concentrate filtering facility. Kennecott would mine all our ore and then they would give us a portion of their concentrates based on their production.GT: By this time the world market had changed rather drastically with the energy troubles of '73, '74 hadn't it? The copper price through the sixties averaged thirty-five cents plus/minus (and in the mid-seventies was seventy-five cents plusjminus per pound) .CW: Well, I would imagine so. In April '76 we had a meeting. By that time there was a fellow by the name of Jack Anderson who had been with Anaconda up in one of their Canadian operations who had come down to464
   LAR L. WILSON #14take over the Carr Fork activity. I had been running it out of my office, but planning the project began to expand requiring large tunnels and shafts and design of a mining plan so it had to be a separateoperation. Jack became involved full-time in all these calculations and the Kennecott negotiation. In A pril of 1 76 we had another meeting. We responded to a Kennecott offer that adjusted the proposal as follows: Anaconda wanted seven thousand tons of ore a day. Kennecott would give us five. We wanted a zero mining cost. They wanted fifty cents a ton. We wanted sixteen cents a ton for the haulage cost. They wanted twenty cents. We wanted two and a half years start-uptime. They wanted five years. We wanted a 0.3 percent copper cut-off and they wanted 0.4 percent. So in essence they were just trying to "chip us down" to about 60 percent of our proposal, you might say. By this time we were including EPA requirements because the Utah Air Conservation laws had been passed. We still needed that underground lease and the boundary line. The two companies started "beating" these kinds of things back and forth. By this time in November of'76, Bob Pratt succeeded B. B. Smith as the Salt Lake general manager, so I "wore out" three KCC managers.GT: Tough negotiations.465
    CLARK L. WILSON #14CW: Of course, I had some good backup during the timethat I was involved. The Anaconda settlement proposal that was prepared by Anderson was presented to Kennecott according to the copy that is attached. This is November 15, 1976, and is prior to thesigning of the agreement. We had to have approval of both Anaconda and Kennecott directors, a Federal and State tax determination that would be suitable for Anaconda, and the further satisfactory negotiation of the detailed agreement which would structure the appropriate procedures regarding the performance, compensation, implementation, execution of exchanges, cross easements, and mining programs. The general terms of the proposal were that Kennecott would maintain at its cost or compensate Anaconda for maintaining the ventilation shafts and hoists for any of our underground work. Anaconda was to agree not to mine the low-grade igneous reserves that would cause major surface disturbance during the life of the agreement. In other words, we didn't want to pull their pit down and they didn't want us to either. (C) Anaconda had to receive exclusive rights to a leasefor an indefinite period on the underground Kennecott ore. We had a line that separated what we could have and what we wouldn't take. (D) Kennecott would have466
   CLARKL . WILSON # 1 4to have their operations completed on Anaconda ground by the end of 1999. Their open pit work would befinished or by mutual agreement to further move the above mentioned line to wherever the two parties could agree. (E) At the end of 1999 Anaconda may mine all the remaining ore on Anaconda property up to the boundary line with no penalty. (F) Kennecott wouldn't dump waste or leach on Anaconda ground without ourapproval. (G) Kennecott would comply with all the laws, etc. (H) We would exchange all drilling, engineering and geological information relating to areas on which rights were going to be exchanged. (I) Anaconda maintained the right to perform exploration and mine development work on the exchange ground. (J) Previous agreements between Kennecott and Anaconda were to be reviewed to insure that clauses favorable to either party would not be superceded. We actually went into the economic terms of the proposal. Kennecott--this is the "nitty-gritty" of it--will d e l i v e r c o n c e n t r a t e t o A naconda r a i l c a r s a t Garfield. This is where their concentrators are, or were at that time. The concentrator delivery rate was to be equivalent to ore production of eight thousand tons a day for 330 days a year at the Kennecott prevailing grade for mill ore recovery and467
    CLARK L. WILSON #14concentrate grade until a total amount of copper delivered is equal to 165,600 tons. That's a good mouthful there. It was very important. Anaconda wouldreimburse Kennecott for the mining, hauling, and concentrating at a rate of $248 a ton of copper received in concentrates. That made it a simple deal. We didn't have to bother about what the costs were as mining proceeded. TAC just took it on a set figure. It included the capital necessary to construct the new concentrator and haulage equipment based on the undepreciated value of Kennecott facilities divided by the total Kennecott reserve in tons of copper plus this 165,600 tons of copper in dollars per ton of copper delivered in concentrate. All this says is that TAC would have to foot some of the capital costwhich was born by both companies. The two of us would make equitable compensation for any differences in gold and silver contained in the Carr Fork ore and the concentrate delivered. The delivered concentrate to Anaconda would commence the day that Kennecott encountered the first ore from     Anaconda ground, in any event, no later than three years from signing. The total amount of copper to be delivered to Anaconda was 165,600 tons. It would be adjusted upward based on any lowering of the Kennecott cut-off468
 CLARK L. WILSON #14grade below the point of 0.4 percent copper in the ore. In other words, they would be recovering more copper out of each ton of ore. This would transferthe material from leach category to the ore category. It provided that the cut-off grade will be defined as the lowest grade of material that Kennecott removes from any individual face averaged over an eight-hour shift which is then blended and subsequently shipped to the concentrator. There was an "awful" lot of work that would have had to go into this project if it had ever proceeded and particularly with any extension ofthe p it size resulting in additional Anaconda material being handled by Kennecott. Kennecott would take over maintenance of TAC underground workings in the pit ore. TAC had the Utah Metals tunnel "so- called11 that would be affected by this. KCC would have to maintain that tunnel portal. Anaconda had reserves of lead and zinc ores and Kennecott would allow Anaconda to move such ores.GT: That was '76?CW: That's right. There is a sketch map here showing someof this--if you would just like to look at it.GT: Yeah.CW: See, here. Note the top of this sheet. East is overhere. United states Smelting Refining and Mining 469
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 4Company had all the property from the Salt Lake Valley going westerly almost to the summit of the Oquirrh Mountains.. Kennecott had this big chunk of ground going clear out Bingham Canyon to the northeast, and we had this little area here that was the lease area in Carr Fork. The TAC property was tothe west and southwest, and, of course, Kennecott was on the south side. I would say that our engineer, Mercer Thompson, who developed the sideline agreement probably did a job that hasn't been equaled in any mining camp because of the property complications. There are thousands of mining claims that wereinvolved in this project. Along in late '76 and '77, we kept redrafting the proposal. Parsons-Behle and Latimer were the Kennecott attorneys. We had our own Anaconda legal department by then.firm. Of course, once in a while when we needed an opinion on some little legal technicality we would get that from them. In fact, we had a mining property condemnation opinion. I think it would be well that it be included if I can find it. On January 28, 1977, I met with Bob Pratt to discuss items in the latest draft that we wouldn't accept. One of them was fourSo the Van Cott people weren't really involved?GT:CW: No, but our lawyers were "Alumnae" of the Van Cott470
 CLARKL . WILSON # 1 4of the seven "whereas clauses". The second was the commencement date. The third was the concentrate delivery date. Four was the underground lease royalty rates. So this discussion went on again through therest of the year. On June 17, 1977, Kennecott delivered its latest versions of the Memorandum of Agreement under the date of January 12, 1977. This included its version of the price per ton of copper received in concentrates that Anaconda should pay Kennecott for operating costs of mining, transporting and concentrating the ore that will be delivered as concentrates to Anaconda. This included an escalator formula. Kennecott also included its version of the depreciation charge as reimbursement for capital expenditures. They also included their version of a gross value royalty to be paid by Anaconda for ores mined from Kennecott property through the Carr Fork underground mining operation. They also included a minimum advance royalty that certainly appears to beout of line.I met with Bob P ratt on January 28th tosummarize three or four points that Anaconda felt objectionable and that we would insist on further negotiation. This resulted in a meeting held in Salt Lake on February 7th with Jack Coile, Graham Clark471
   CLARK L. WILSON #14(TAC from Tucson and) Jack Anderson and myself fordiscussion with the Kennecott negotiating team. Anaconda would resubmit its version by February 18th. June 17, 1977 -- KCC draft received by TAC(1) The objectionable whereas eliminated.clauses were(2) The processing charge formula was completed at thirty-six dollars per ton of copper.(3) Gold and Silver assay values were increased by KCC based on agreed changes in the ore reserve.(4) The text included payment of 25 percent of Sharable Value of KCC underground ores leased and mined by TAC.(5) All mutual obligation and privilege clauses concluded.July 20, 1977 -- KCC-TAC meeting. This sessionwas the final "mark-up" for the committees with a further increase in the gold and silver concentrate assays as a compromise between the TAC request and KCC offer and was based on some additional testing of m etallurgical recoveries. A dditional editing wasincluded in numerous places to clarify meanings.July 28, 1977 -- CLW met with Pratt and Taylor (KCC). Several changes were suggested in English andwere incorporated in a "final committee document" dated July 29, 1977. Pratt will present this to the KCC Board on August 17 and 19, 1977 in New York City.472
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1 4TAC will have a Denver session on August 16, 1977. Memo dated August 5, 1977. (CLW)On July 28, 1977, I met with Pratt and Taylor, the KCC lawyer from the Parsons-Behle firm. Several changes were suggested and incorporated. The final committee document was dated July 29, 1977. Pratt was to present this to the Kennecott board on August 17 to 19, in New York, and Anaconda would have a Denversession on August 16. The upshot of it was Kennecott decided that their charter would not permit selling an asset and, therefore, they could not follow through with this agreement so this whole thing--seventeen years) off and on, more on than off,hassling this thing through.CW: our records indicated that the discussions began in1960 between Clyde E. Weed, Chairman of Anaconda, andFrank Milliken of Kennecott.GT: Kennecott felt they couldn't selL ore reserves?cw: Yes, because that was a type of an asset that theKennecott officers couldn't negotiate a sale. I might have some letter that spells that out, but as I--fell through.GT:CW: Right.GT: So you spent at least thirteen years, (actually473
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 4recall, that's what caused the whole negotiation to "fall through."GT: It seems like that would have come up as an issue on that side very early on. Now the end result out of that was when ultimately Anaconda did strike the deal with Kennecott for this property--CW: No, what happened was that Anaconda went ahead and developed the underground Carr Fork Mine from the Tooele side to the west. I mentioned previously that we were filling up the KCC reservoir at the mouth of Bingham Canyon, and we had to quit pumping the Apex Shaft water into Carr Fork. The project had to change as far as we were concerned. At that time this was still under my supervision as manager.The only way to continue the Anaconda Carr Fork project was to drain the Apex Mine water westerly to the Tooele Valley. The Apex Mine was an underground operation in the 1930s. Access underground was through a vertical shaft that had been sunk from the surface with the surface "shaft collar" about a thousand feet, above the road in Carr Fork Canyon. An adit (tunnel) had been driven from Carr Fork, at the northwest corner of the Bingham pit, to intersect the shaft at the thousand foot level. This "tunnel" level had previously been continued northwesterly for474
 CLARK L. WILSON #14several thousand feet. We decided to drive this "tunnel" westerly towards a canyon that ran easterly from the Tooele smelter. At the same time we drove a tunnel easterly from the Tooele side and on the same elevation as the underground tunnel from the Apexshaft. The Apex water was pumped "up" the Apex tunnel grade to the junction with the tunnel driven from the Tooele side and then flowed by gravity to Tooele Valley. This project involved a couple of miles of work and it was imperative that the two openings meeton the same grade. Fortunately, our company had accurate surveys of the surface area from the Apex tunnel in Carr Fork to the Tooele side and the connection of the two workings was perfect. It was really quite an engineering feat due to "damn" good engineering!At that point we had rehabilitated the Apex shaft from the surface down to the Apex tunnel level. It was easy to do. There was no water. All we had to do was replace timber down to the tunnel level (one thousand foot level). As we got down into the water area in the shaft, we started pumping the water up to the Apex tunnel and it drained into Carr Fork causing our drainage troubles with KCC.475
   CLARK L. WILSON #14For several years in the 1960s, Anaconda hadbeen pursuing a deep diamond drill hole exploration program to investigate copper mineralization below the Apex Mine operation. By the time I joined the company this project was looking very interesting. The initial approach was through the Apex workings, but the ore zone was below any of the Apex openings. On completion of the Pine Canyon tunnel (as it was labeled) and from the experience in pumping at the Apex it was decided to sink two shafts in PineCanyon, each about a mile deep and drive two mine levels to the east to develop and mine the ore bodies identified by drilling. This was a LARGE project that was put into operation with an eight hundred ton per day              using an underground mining method that unfortunately produced too much waste rock diluting the ore and after operating for several years was shut down.[END OF S I D E ONE]CW: It was just sitting there for quite a few years, andabout two or three years ago, as I understand' it, Atlantic Richfield "more or less" gave Kennecott the property because Area no longer was interested in mining and were getting rid of assets that were a drain on capital from the maintenance costs of the476
   CLARK L. WILSON #14property. All of this great effort "went by theboard".GT: What did it cost, do you recall the figures, drivingsome of these tunnels in that area right there? Werethey pretty expensive to drive?CW: Well, unfortunately I don't have unit costs. From thestandpoint of those costs versus any other operation,they were reasonable.GT: W eren't out of line?CW: No, the rock outside of the ore zone was fairlycompetent, but there was dilution of the ore with waste rock from the "hanging wall" of the fissure that caused dilution and lowered the grade of the ore. The low mineral values caused the shutdown. Some of the equipment was pretty big so that the haulage drifts, as we call them, paralleling the structures were twelve feet high and ten feet wide, and they were built to handle a thirty-six inch track gaugetrain of cars and locomotives. There was a ditch on one side to handle the water that would drain out to a deep vertical service shaft. This was near the portal of the tunnel where the concentrator was so that waste could go right out over the waste dump andore could go directly into the ore bins of the concentrator where it would be crushed, floated, and477
  CLARKL . WILSON # 1 4concentrate produced. The concentrate was flumed down to the filters where the water was drained from the copper concentrate. The concentrate was loaded directly into railroad cars and hauled by the Tooele Valley Railway down to the Union Pacific on the westside of Tooele. It was really a great operation. In fact, we had an Atlantic Richfield board meeting at the mine when the mine and surface plant was in operation. I had a lot of fun being the local Salt Lake manager. I had to arrange for all the amenities at the Hotel Utah for all the directors who came from all over the country--quite a few of them in their own private airplanes. Most of these were corporate airplanes. These people sort of trade directorshipsin big corporations. Robert 0. Anderson, who was the chairman of the ARCO board and was really a great guy, is one of the great men in the country that I have been privileged to know. We had an underground mine trip and a tour of the surface plant, and he showed up late. It turned out that he had been duck hunting near Brigham City, but he was there for the afternoon meeting where we had lunch and reviewed the history of the project. Incidentally, when he showed up it was with his security people. I guess all these big executives have to be careful. At that time478
    CLARK L. WILSON #14Atlantic Richfield was the largest corporation in the country. There was a suite of rooms on about theGT:fifth floor of Hotel Utah in the southeast corner. Go east from the elevators and make a right turn going south. The hallway there is cut a little short, and I wondered why. It turns out that as you go through that outer doorway there is a door on the right side with a bedroom where the company security people can stay. Straight ahead is the entrance to the suite which includes a large fancy living room, bedrooms and kitchen. It is really quite a nice way to live.Robert 0. was enjoying life. He was sort of an "old shoe", you know, nothing "highfalutin" about him. He had done it the hard way. He had been an oil man back in the east and somehow or another shook himself loose, got out into New Mexico and began picking up oil property and formed the Richfield Company. That was combined with the Atlantic Refining Co. and it was called Atlantic Richfield Co. He did a real great job. He has a farm, a ranch, pardon me, that is in northwestern New Mexico. I understand it was the second largest private ranch in the United States, second only to the King Ranch in Texas.Is that right? What is the closest community?479
  CLARK L . WILSON # 1 4CW: Well, as I recall, there is a Mescalero Indian Reservation or something like that.GT: Jicarilla Apache?CW: Well, they didn't call them that.GT: Mescalero Apache.CW: We had one of our manager's meetings there. We landedin El Paso, and they bussed us up to this resort.GT: White Mountains resort.CW: You seem to know it. One night we were all inviteddown to the ranch for a big party. We had several busses, and played horse shoes and things like that. He has a beautiful ranch house about three stories tall, and outside they had their own little church chapel. It is circular, and I would guess that it was about twenty-five feet in diameter and thirty feet tall with a little domed roof just like a great mosque would be. There were no pews. I assume theyheld services and everybody would stand for the message. You name it, it was really wonderful. We had our barbecue dinner outside. Somebody came in and catered the whole thing. When it was all over we went up to the third floor to a big room where the whole bunch of us could be there for entertainment. They brought in music and a movie, this sort of thing.480
   CLARK L. WILSON #14Really quite an experience. It was sort of nice to live like the "other side."GT: See how the other half lives.CW: Then all of a sudden the mineral business sort offell apart.GT: One of the things that's real interesting to me--youhave a document showing copper prices over this thirteen or fourteen year period beginning in 1964. I think you indicated that copper was about thirty-two cents a pound.CW: Right, and there was a steady climb to $1.02 tonjpound in 1980. The high in 1987 was $1.50 and the low 0.64 a pound.GT: So it is a very volatile market with not only our domestic markets to consider but the pressure, or lack of pressure from the foreigners because the foreigners do import a big part of the copper production. (June 10, 1988--copper $1.16/pound.)GT: So what you were trying to do was negotiate this Bingham agreement set against the pricing that was varying all over the place. The way I read that by'63 or '64 when the companies got serious about an agreement they were looking at about thirty two cent copper, and by the time you were involved--cw: That was along in the early seventies. 481
      CLARK L. WILSON #14GT:CW:By the time you were getting close to having an agreement in 1977 it hit , I guess, pretty close to 67 cent copper.Of course, the whole document was structured so that we could adjust for every variable that we could anticipate, and there were enough of us who had been in the business long enough that we could pretty well get a good estimate of how those factors would work. That's why the formula was set up to take care ofthem all. If worse came to worst the operation would be shut down until the price strengthened.Come back again.Right.I can see why during certain periods there seemed to be renewed interest by Kennecott on striking .a deal. It seemed to correlate rather well with jumps in prices.Right. The minute it looked like things were going to look better there is more interest in negotiating a settlement.Sure. I think perhaps we ought to stop for the day. I believe we have covered Bingham. You were just saying that one of the jobs you had to do was try to sell the board of directors of Atlantic Richfield on theGT: CW: GT:CW:GT:482
 CLARK L. WILSON #14whole proposition. Was that hard to do, Clark? Werethey a tough bunch to convince?CW: Of course, they were all hard-headed businessmen intheir own fields which for some of them was pretty far away from mining.GT: They weren't mining?CW: No, they weren't mining. There was a banker andsomeone from the biggest department store in the country, people like that, people with big names. They "needed" that ten thousand dollar director fee every month, you know. So the proposal was that Jim Garmoe and Jack Anderson, who had been made_manager of the Carr Fork operation, and myself would make the presentation to the board in Los Angeles.Incidentally, that was the fanciest board room that I have ever been in with gold leaf ceilings and projection equipment that you couldn't believe. It was a very interesting experience. What we did was break the presentation up into (1) a summary of these negotiation which I handled, (2) a summary of the geology by Jim Garmoe who had lived with it for years and years, and (3) Jack Anderson, manager, described the proposed mine operation and financing and thefinancial projections. We prepared a summary sheet of the agreement and terms. And you notice it includes483
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 4Kennecott and Anaconda and New Bingham Mary Mining Company that was a small company controlled by Anaconda that was right in the center of the project. Here is the proposal for the record:(1) Kennecott will have access across the Anaconda Carr Fork boundary to remove overburden, (that's waste and leach rock), and mine Anaconda ore to December 31, 1999.(2) Kennecott will deliver copper concentrate which was estimated at 28 percent contained copper to Anaconda until copper delivery to Anaconda was equal to 165,600 tons of copper. Delivery would begin no sooner than three years and no later than five years from the date of the agreement.(3) Anaconda will pay Kennecott $346 per ton of copper received in concentrates as consideration for certain Kennecott concentrate production cost.(4) Anaconda will reimburse Kennecott $119 per ton of copper received in concentrates for Kennecott capital expenditures, and there was no interest charge. I should go back and say that for the Kennecott capital in concentrator expansion and haulage equipment Anaconda had no front end capital charge which was quite a bonus as far as we were concerned.(5) Kennecott will lease to Anaconda sufficient underground mineral rights to permit Anaconda to mine and concentrate 7.2 million tons of Kennecott ore. Anaconda will pay Kennecott a production royalty of 25 percent for their share of the value.Considering all the months of problems and negotiation it came down as a pretty good summation. Each director had a copy of this proposal and then we had it on slides so that not only could we discuss it484
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 4at the meeting but they could study it at their leisure. We summarized the whole proposal by saying that on March 20, 1964, there was a twenty-year easement between Anaconda, New Bingham Mary, and Kennecott, and there was a ten thousand dollar consideration plus one thousand dollars per year with two hundred dollars to New Bingham Mary. That was back in 1964. Our first meeting was in January, 1971 in Carr Fork, Bingham Canyon, and by November 15,1973, we had the first Kennecott negotiating document presented to Anaconda. Briefly, it was (1) easement for a fifty-year pit, (2) designate waste dump areas,(3) determination of quantity and value of open pit ore, waste and underground ore, (4) exchange of Anaconda ore for Kennecott underground ore, and (5) maintenance of Anaconda surface facilities. On November 29, 1973, the vertical sideline agreement was signed, and that concluded that big study. January 29, 1974, Anaconda sent a letter to Kennecott giving notice of intent to mine underground by January 1979. On August 27, 1974, Kennecott presented a financial analysis of Anaconda ore mined and processed by which Kennecott ore was to be delivered and processed by Anaconda. This note here was thefirst indication of Kennecott homework where they had 485
 CLARK L. WILSON #14really gotten down and started to work on it with a June 2, 1975 agreement of 165,600 tons of contained copper in a twenty-year pit. On April 8, 1976, Kennecott proposed a twenty-year occupancy and copper concentrate delivery to Anaconda based on mine production of five thousand tons per day. On November 16, 1976 the first draft of the TAC settlement proposal was presented to KCC. In 1977 a series oftwelve meetings lead to the final committee document dated July 29, 1977. There were some comments from a slide summary that we made to the TAC directors and one of them was that the 165,600 tons of copper was based on a mining cut-off of 0.4 percent copper and the copper to be delivered to increase if the cut-off assay is reduced. Another comment was that the $346 ton is equal to 17.3 cents per pound of copper. This charge is based on Kennecott's 1976 operating costsand would be adjusted quarterly for increases in the cost of labor, energy, materials, and supplies, and lastly the $119 a ton of copper equates to 5.95 cents per pound of copper. Anaconda would purchase the assets of New Bingham Mary Mining Company which was 86 percent Anaconda owned as a negotiation separatefrom the agreement with Kennecott.486
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1 4GT: So that's what you laid out for the board ofdirectors.cw: That was for the board of directors to approve, andof course it was a foregone conclusion before we everwent in there that they would approve it. GT: Yeah.cw: So, anyway, we had a lot of fun and a lot of hard work.GT: W ell,let's stop for the day. We will resume tomorrow. Thank you very much.[END OF S I D E TWO]487
      THE FOLLOWING IS AN I NTERVIEW WITH CLARK L. WILSON ON APRIL 28, 1987. THIS IS THE TWELFTH SESSION, TAPE ONE INTHE SERIES OF INTERVI EWS WITH MR. I S DR. GREGORY THOMPSON AND THELIBRARY, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH .COOLEY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #15.]GT: Clark, we ended our last session with a discussion of the Bingham and Carr Fork Canyon operations, the attempts to merge some of those properties, and you have brought with you today a magnificent map of the mining districts of Park City, Big Cottonwood, and American Fork. The actual title is the "Park City, Alta, American Fork Mines and Vicinity." The map was drawn and colored to show various property ownership by Frances L. Collier who (as a footnote) is theindividual, I believe you told us, who drew the maps for your master's thesis when you were at the University of Arizona. I thought today we might focus on the Park City mining operations of the Park City ventures effort that you discussed earlier. It's virtually the last of the mining areas as a group that we have not talked about after you came to Anaconda. I think it would be good for the record if you would describe this map in a bit of detail for us.CW: Well, I would suggest as a starter it is called the "Collier's General Map of the Park City, Alta,488WILSON. THE I NTERVI EWER PLACE I S THE MARRIOTT [THIS IS PART OF THE EVERETT
   CLARK L. WILSON #15A m e r i c a n F o r k Mi n e s a n d V i c i n i t y . " I t i n v o l v e sseveral mining districts from east to west namely Elkhorn to the east of Highway 40 in Keetley Valley, including the Blue Ledge to the west of Highway 40and south of Park City, Uintah to the north of Park City, Big Cottonwood in Salt Lake County, and Little Cottonwood in Salt Lake County from Little Cottonwood Canyon to the south county line and the American Fork District in American Fork Canyon. The map is printed on "Columbia Cloth," measures six-by-eleven-feet andis on a scale of one inch equals one hundred feet. It involves three counties--Salt Lake, Summit and Wasatch. I have no idea as to how many copies were made. Frances colored the claims to delineate company or individual ownership. I suppose the number of prints was limited to the companies with property in that area and a few individuals who owned claims there. I place a minimum value on this copy at $2,500plus.GT: It includes the present highway alignment for theinterstate to Heber, correct?CW: That's right. It extends easterly to include Highway40. The way she prepared this was to obtain copies of patent survey plats from the u.s. Public Survey office in Salt Lake City of all the mining claims489
 CLARK L. WILSON #15that had been surveyed in this area, and it had to be several thousands of them. It was a massive job of careful research on metes and bounds of the mining claims and their relationship to others. on thecopies of the map purchased by individuals interested in the mining area, she would actually color in claims according to property ownership. The result is that it is very easy once you are acquainted with the system to pick out a particular mining property. For example when this one was prepared (it had to be back in the twenties) for the Park Utah Mining Company and was colored in red, their property extended from Keetley, Utah, a station on the U.P. Railroad, whichis just west of the town of Keetley, over into the Brighton area. It's a band of claims that was probably a mile or so wide, and seven or eight miles long.GT: Now the railroad we're talking about is the Oregon Short Line Railroad?CW: Yes, which later became Union Pacific.    But it would connect into Weber Canyon, didn't it?CW: Right. And later on when New Park Mining Company withwhom I was affiliated became a successful mine, we extended that railroad from Keetley over to the portal of the Mayflower tunnel, and that was about490
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5three miles. As we look at the colors on this map the "Old" Silver King Coalition Mines Company had a massive area in the northwest part of the district. I mentioned that the Park Utah was through the center. Park City Consolidated is not such a big area, but had a great silver mine at one time, and that borders the east side of Deer Valley. The mining company thatI worked for was New Park Mining Company. It was a consolidation of the Park Galena Mining Company that was just south of the United Park City property, plus other property known as the Mayflower Mines Company and the Star of Utah Mining Company. These were incorporated into New Park Mining Company. As I worked with that company {1940-60) we gradually acquired other mining claims and fee land adjoining ours and had a very sizeable area of mining properties. One of the interesting things is that in the southwest corner of this map is the Snake Creek tunnel. Back in "old days" there were mining companies that only had two, three, five or six, or a dozen mining claims so that in essence several mining companies might have been mining on the same ore body with their separate ownerships. If one had water problems, the other would also. The result was that there were several long drainage tunnels. The Ontario491
 CLARK L. WILSON #15drain tunnel being one of the greatest started in Keetley and was driven straight southwesterly aboutfifteen thousand feet to connect with one of the original Ontario Mining Company shafts. Gradually those underground tunnel workings were extended westerly to three other mining companies. One of the longer tunnels was the so-called Snake Creek tunnel. It started just above Midway, ran northwesterly. The water was to be used to generate power. Jessie Knight of Provo fame built a power plant there. The building was still there in my Park City days. That power was carried over the mountain into Deer Valley where they built an electrolytic zinc plant. It was interestingthat the early miners didn't want zinc because of metallurgically, it was tough to get rid of. They were mining what were call the oxidized ores; originally the ores were sulphides. Galena was lead and sulfur. Sphalerite was zinc and sulfur. And as those oxidized the lead would form lead carbonate that was called Cerrusite and the zinc was a zinccarbonate that was called Smithsonite. These wereamenable to smelting to produce the lead and zincmetal.GT: Now what is the green area which is major portion ofthe Park City area?492
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5GW: That is the Silver King Coalition Mine Company area.When the Park Utah combined with the Silver King to form the United Park City Mines Company, that company became the largest property owner in the district.GT: Now this map was copyrighted in 1932. Would you think that the representation of companies and properties is of mid-1930s presentation?CW: Most of what is on this map is as of the 1932 date. Prior to that, the big areas of Park Utah and Silver King Companies were smaller companies. As one or two became successful, they would tend to reach out and get the other properties to merge with them so that they could protect themselves for future exploration- -hopefully to find other ore bodies. One of theinteresting things about the map, it shows what they called the Consolidated tunnel, the portal of that being on the southwest corner of the present Park City golf course. It was driven southwesterly to gain access into areas that were in higher elevations in the southwest part of the district. That tunnel acted very effectively as a drainage tunnel for that particular area, and it's still draining water. As a result of negotiations between United Park and SaltLake City, there is a split of that water. I was privileged to participate in the final negotiation493
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5with Senator Jake Garn who at that time was mayor of Salt Lake. The reason for our negotiation was that there had been a long lawsuit. The mining company was unhappy about the proposed water distribution betweenSalt Lake City and the mining company. We, as United Park, had started expanding the resort with the Royal Street Development Company. Warren King, who was their president, and I met with Jake one morning in Salt Lake in his office, and I sketched a picture of the geology to show a syncline which is a huge u- shaped down-fold of the rocks, to show Jake that thesurface outcrop of the rock formation formed a semicircle through our property and over across the county line into Salt Lake County. There was no doubt that half the water was ours and half was theirs. It had been a very expensive lawsuit that had been through the courts before I came with the company. Anyway, Jake wasn't about to buy geology or anything else, and figured we'd have to go back to court. The mining company finally agreed that the water would be split forty/sixty; forty to the mining company and sixty to Salt Lake. That's the way it was settled. One reason for our agreeing to the 40 percent was that the Weber River water users had their eye on some of this drainage because ever since the Spiro494
      CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5Tunnel was driven, the water ran north and ended upGT:in the Ogden River over into Morgan County. We wanted our water ownership problems settled in case Ogden decided to get "into the act". That solved that particular water problem.Now on the tape--in an earlier session--you talked about the mine tunnel that was made into a tourist mine. People would go in as tourists and go quite a ways, ten or twelve thousand feet into the tunnel. Was that the Three Kings shaft that's shown here onthe map?No, it's the tunnel shown as the Consolidated tunnel. It's the Consolidated tunnel.The tunnel is better known as the Spiro tunnel because a fellow by the name of Simon Spiro was the one who drove that tunnel.It runs somewhat parallel to the flow of Thayne's Canyon, doesn't it?That's right. That was driven farther in than is shown on the Collier map, and it was connected with the Thayne's shaft that was about three thousand feet farther in from where it's shown on this map. The Thayne's Mine and this tunnel became a part of the sightseeing efforts of the resort company. Unfortunately, during my term as manager with theCW: GT: CW:GT:CW:495
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5company, insurance became harder to obtain. We did our best to keep it open as public relations for the mining industry knowing that any type of activity like an underground mine trip could be hazardous and particularly to tourists who aren't familiar with the hazards. The result was that it was my sorry lot to have to close that operation down.GT: Why don't we talk about the chronological development of how you put the properties together for Anaconda in the mid-1960s and 1970s?CW: When I came with the company, most of this had been accomplished. We, as Anaconda, and ASARCO who was the other large stockholder felt that we really needed to invest some capital in the mine. It was just being operated "hand to mouth" trying to earn enough money to keep itself going, and ore reserves were always a problem. In other words, the company had to do a lot of exploration and development work trying to getinto areas where ore might be found. The odds are tough. You know it when you start out. Based upon experience and geology, we figured out some logical targets that might produce ore. What we decided to do, as Anaconda and ASARCO, was to take a lease from United Park City Mines Company and we would share the profits of the operation with the mining company. The496
 CLARKL . WILSON # 1 5two companies would provide the capital to modernize the operation and to develop ore reserves. Refer to the attached exhi bit detail ing t he Park City Ventures Mine development program. We as Anaconda had anexcellent geology department . Of course, American Smelting also had some good geologists. Of the total stock interest of Anaconda and ASARCO in United Park, our share was 60 percent compared to ASARCO's 40 percent. Anaconda was always the leader in mattersthat affected United Park City Mines Company. our United Park geologists were also competent. They'd been mapping Park City geology for years and had quite a bit of data. We used the Anaconda staff (W. James Garmoe) to review plans and progress and ASARCO would send their people in and agree or disagree with what we had mapped and recommended. This relationship was a very congenial, cooperative approach to the project. Several geological objectives were decided on. Of course, one of the most important as far as the project was concerned was to sink the Ontario No.3 shaft deeper and drive out and take a look at the continuation of the known ore bodies at depth. There wasn't much interest in trying to stay up in the upper formations like the Park city limestone that had been a bonanza. The "old timers" were able to get497
 CLARKL . WILSON # 1 5in there with their de-watering efforts. We knew that there were formations lower down in the geological scale and deeper physically in elevation that should or could produce ore if we got to them in the right geological situation and in the areas where the bigfaults and mineralized fissures were located. It was decided that we would sink two shafts deeper. One of these was the No. 3 shaft that had been one of the original shafts that the Bamberger family had used to a great extent, but was in bad shape. The collar of the shaft at the surface was caved. An interestingfeature was that the original equipment at the collar was all steam driven; i.e., the large Cornish steam hoist and steam air compressors. These required coal. Coalville, Utah, twenty miles northeast of Park City was so named because there were some good coal deposits just east of town. The mining companies formed Weber Coal Company and produced coal that was put on the railroad there at Coalville and hauled over to the portal of the first drain tunnel that was situated just above the south end of town. They were able to get the Ontario No. 3 shaft down below the Ontario drain tunnel that was at the fifteen hundred level of the mine. It is now below the 2400 footlevel. The shaft collar and all the foundations for 498
 CLARK L. WILSON #15the hoist, compres sor s , even the service pumps were built out of the Nugget Sandstone and some granite blocks from Little Cottonwood Canyon. The Nugget can be seen on the hills east of the Fort Douglas, a very good building stone. That particular formation also outcrops just north of Park City, and is favored forcurrent building needs. The pump was known as a Cornish pump. This type of pump originated in Cornwall, England. It had done a great job over there and had been exported first to the eastern United States and used in some of the mines there. There were several out in Nevada and California. The secretof this pump was a large steam engine with a huge flywheel, and it had a rocking beam type of mechanism that converted the circular motion of the flywheel to the vertical up and down motion which would operate the pump column in the shaft. The column was made out of Oregon pine. It was about eighteen inches square, and it extended from the surface down to the thousand level. The individual pieces of wood had to be banded together with big steel sheets, so it was a very heavy affair. The result was that the pump itself was just below the eighteen hundred level. Counterweight stations were built at several levels to support the weight of the pump column. There were two of the499
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5counterweight st ati ons in the shaft t hat we found when we cleaned the shaft out--the counterweights were and are still there. These are like a teeter totter. The one end would be hooked onto the pump column; the other end back away from the shaft would be loaded with some large boulders to act as the counterweight. The rotating motion of the flywheel ofthe hoist at the surface would be converted into an up and down motion of the pump column using a rocking beam. A man who was down in the mine could get a ride up or down the shaft. There were some ladder steps on the pump column and a man could step on one of theseladders at a lower level. As the pump column went up perhaps four, five, or six feet to the top of the pump stroke he would step off on a piece of timber on the side of the shaft. When the column went down again, he'd get on and repeat it. When the column went up he'd be on it and he'd get off again. Probably a slow process, but I can tell you from having climbed a lot of ladders in the mines, it wasa lot easier than going straight up hand over hand. I have some pictures of this equipment, but there is no history that I've been able to find of whatever happened to the equipment. Nowadays, of course, it would be outside the greatest museum in the country500
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5because it was a very interesting and useful piece ofequipment.GT: How unique was it, Clark?CW: Well, I suppose in those days in the United statesthat any mining district that was fairly deep, and had a lot of water, had to have one. I've tried to get information from several sources. For instance, the Smithsonian really doesn't have much on it. Someof the lead-zinc companies in New Jersey area used them, and having had friends from my lead-zinc days in Washington--I've talked to them and they've come up with a few pictures. As I recall, Tonopah, Nevada might have had one, and I suppose there were several out in the California gold mines, but there's just a dearth of information on where these were installed and where they operated.GT: The specific shaft we're talking about is what is now known as the Ontario shaft?CW: Ontario No. 3.GT: And it is located south of Park City?CW: Right, in Ontario Canyon.GT: Okay.CW: To explain where it is, take the road through ParkCity, and as you're going up Ontario Canyon to the south, you go by the present "new" No. 3 shaft501
    CLARK L. WILSON #15surface installation that's the one that we as Park City Ventures installed. The metal buildings are painted a light yellowish brown, and there's a tall metal head frame at the No. 3 shaft. The story in John Boutwell's U.S.G.S. Professional Paper No. 77- 1912 report by the U.s. Geological Survey in Park City quotes Rector Steen who supposedly was thelocator of the first mining claim. I will provide you with a copy of his account of the location of the claim. (Attached pgs. 13 - 41)GT: And it would describe how the property looked prior to your taking it over and beginning to develop it?CW: Rector Steen discovered the Ontario lode. He was prospecting in Ontario Canyon and found a mineral outcrop near a spring and camped there where the discovery was made. We can still see some dents in the surface just to the southeast of where we cleaned up the Ontario No. 3 shaft. It could very well be some of the original spots where they dug into the hillside. They went northeast across the canyon from that spot, perhaps two feet or so and sank the No. 1 shaft. It must have been in the Ontario fissure zone and was a poor location from the standpoint of drainage and ground support, so they moved a littlefurther to the northeast to what they called the502
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5Ontario No. 2 shaft. As I recall that went down, five or six hundred feet , and t hey were able to mine some ore there. But again, they must have run into the problem of the shaft being in the ore zone, and, of course, would have to leave an ore pillar for protection of the ore-rings which "ties up" some of the ore reserve. So they moved back to the west and started the Ontario No. 3 shaft. That is in what we would call the "use wall" of the fissure and wasprotected by being in fairly solid rock.GT: Now did they experience in shafts No. 1 and 2 the same kind of drainage problem that is in No. 3, orwas it when you really got down in No. 3 a ways wherethe drainage became such a problem?CW: Well, No. 3 shaft being in the hanging wall of thefissure system was "solid" rock. It wasn't full of water like the fissure area would be, so they were able to push that shaft down to the two thousand foot level. When we decided to clean that shaft out, the"collar" of the shaft at the surface was completely caved. We couldn't see where any of the original timbers or rock at the "collar" of the shaft had been, but underground the shaft was still in good shape. The Ontario drain tunnel portal was a mile to the west at Keetley and was driven westerly about503
   CLARKL . WILSON # 1 5eighteen thousand feet, went right by the No. 3 shaft and shaft station on the fifteen hundred foot level. The timber had been wet all these years. As long as the timber keeps wet the majority of time, it staysjust as good as the day it is put in. The "shaft station" is a room similar to this room we're in. I'd say that it's twenty feet wide. It was twice as high as this room.GT: Twenty feet high?CW: I suppose eighteen to twenty feet high and as Irecall the way the tunnel and the shaft are located, the station is twenty-five to thirty feet long. The reason for a big station is to provide room for storage of timber and supplies. In those days they were using one-ton mine cars that would be hauled into the mine and would be put on what we call a cage operated with a hoist. Here you'd call it an elevator. It's an open cage type "box" except thereis sheet steel around the bottom that extends up about five feet with doors on it to admit men and supplies or mine cars.[END OF S I D E ONE OF T A P E ]CW: It was all in great shape there, and we had a smallauxiliary hoist installed underground in the man-way of the No. 3 shaft about a hundred feet above the504
 CLARK L. WILSON #15tunnel level with a cage running from the fifteen hundred level down to the sixteen and seventeen hundred foot levels so that over the years the crews had been doing a little work down there. When we as ventures took over, there wasn't anything going onthere.GT: How long had it been since it had been working? AsCW:GT: CW: GT:CW: GT: CW:you recall had it been last working in the forties or fifties?Oh, I don't think Ontario at that time had been worked for a long time.Thirty or forty years?I t could have been.What sparked the interest of you and Anaconda and your predecessor? You said this was underway when you came aboard with them.Well, not this particular No. 3 project.You brought that in.Right. Over the years Park Utah Consolidated Mines Company had used the Ontario drain tunnel from Keetley to gain access into the ore zones before these properties were merged as United Park City Mines Company. The Park Utah Consolidated Mining Company had been organized and owned property from Keetley extending west to Brighton and had found a505
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5new ore body that was to the south of and below the level of the drain tunnel, and about two miles to the west of the entrance or portal of the Ontario drain tunnel at Keetley. It was operated as a separate mine from the Ontario, except they were all on the same major structure as it extended from west to east toward Keetley. There had been no active mining in the Ontario Mine area for years and years. It had all been to the east in the Park Utah Mine area. The workings were down below the drain tunnel so thatthey were in the water zone and required pumping large volumes of water. Incidently, it's this water that was being pumped up and put out into the Keetley Valley. These fissure systems extend for miles from the Cottonwood country clear through Park City, underneath the Keetley Valley and into the low mountain range to the east of Keetley Valley where Anaconda Mining Company had property controlled byits subsidiary mining companies and where they had sunk shafts and found water. The Park City fissure system projects into this area and it's why we say that the Jordanelle Reservoir, when completed, will further flood the Park City Mining District. It will be the end of mining and exploration in this area. One other facet of this particular problem, the Park506
   CLARK L. WILSON #15City Consolidated Mine property which is north of the Ontario drain tunnel also has these east-west trending fissure systems, and they extend off to the east towards Keetley Valley. So like these other mines, they would be affected by the backup of waterin the Keetley Reservoir. (Actual construction began in 1989.) It's interesting that as we were looking at United Park projects, one of them that we wanted to do was to get deeper in the Ontario No. 3 shaft which we did. Since the ore zones that we mined in these upper levels were tending to dip towards the east and getting deeper as we went east, we could project them northeasterly and know about where we would have to drive a crosscut northerly, from our deepest level tointersect the Park City Consolidated Mining Company's fissure system. This would make them part of our mining area and our mining ore reserve. That work was also going to help Park City Consolidated because as we drove north into that area, we would be draining their property. We had some negotiations with them and since we were going to be doing "the dirty work", we wanted to participate in their ore reserve. Westarted to drive a drift east on our lowest level but Park City Ventures fell on "bad days" as far as financing was concerned, and we never actually507
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5drifted out far enough to even begin to approach thetarget area.GT: Now, Clark, put us into chronological position. Anaconda becomes interested in this property first when?CW: This goes way back in history to who prospected where, and then if ore was found which smelter was going to process it. People such as u.s. Smelting had their property out in the south part of the BinghamDistrict, so they erected their own lead smelter in Midvale. Incidently, it's the refuse from their milling and smelting operation in Midvale that's currently causing a "little concern" along the Jordan River.GT: With the EPA?CW: Right. The American Smelting and Refining Company(ASARCO) built their smelter in Murray, and the Anaconda Company built theirs in Tooele. When I got into the business in 1940 at New Park, all three of them were "gung-ho" concerns. We, as New Park Mining Company, made our best deal with u.s. Smelting Company at Midvale. But getting back to Park City, ASARCO bought a big interest in the Silver King Mine, and that way they were guaranteed a supply of lead concentrates that had quite a bit of silver. There508
   CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5wasn't too much zinc, as I recall, over in that area. Zinc had been a problem metallurgically. In the latter twenties and thirties that was pretty well solved with the development of selective flotation to produce a lead and a zinc              The Anaconda Company had its big stock interest in the Park utah. ASARCO had a stock interest in the Silver King.GT: So on this map Anaconda was interested in the Park Utah which became a part of the United Park city Mines Company.cw: ASARCO was interested in the west central quadrant and became a part of United Park.GT: Shows green on this--mostly green on this map, doesn't it?CW: That's right. As we got into the lead-zinc problems back in the fifties due to low metal prices. After World War Two, neither of these companies were doing too well. Their equipment was old, they were getting spread out, and transportation was a problem. Eventually, the Park Utah and Silver King companies merged as United Park City Mines Company. I guess it was about that time that people realized that there just wasn't room for three lead smelters in the Salt Lake area including Tooele, so the ASARCO smelter was the first one closed in Murray. The U.S. Smelting,509
 CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5Refining and Mi ning Companyoperated, and as long as New Park was operating, we continued to ship crude ore to u.s. in Midvale. The Tooele smelter had some pretty good customers down in the Tintic District. The Tooele smelter had been built back in the early days. The predecessorcompanies to Anaconda had some good operating properties in the Bingham District. By the time I became involved with Anaconda, United Park City Mines Company was organized as a combination of the Park Utah and Silver King companies. Red Droubay who was an old-time Anaconda miner and mine operator had become manager of the United Park Company. Pretty savvy guy. He had done a lot of work down in Arizona for Anaconda's predecessors. By the time that I became interested in Park City with Anaconda the consolidation of the two big companies, Silver King and Park Utah as United Park City Mines Company wascompleted. And as I say, Red Droubay of Anaconda had been appointed the vice-president and general manager. This happened before I went to Washington in 1960.So this would have been maybe in the latter fifties?GT:CW: Right. It was a logical consolidation. One of theinteresting sidelights was that Red Droubay had 510i n Mi d v a l e s t i l l
    CLARK L . WILSON # 1 5decided , while I was i n Washington , that it would be a good idea to develop a ski resort in some of the combined United Park property. On this property map we are looking at some of the original Silver King area that is the locus of the current headquartersfor the Park City resort. One night while we were living in Washington, I got a call from Red. I asked what the dickens he was doing in Washington. He said, "Well, we're going to build a ski resort in Park City, and we want one of these "Area Redevelopment Loans" that the Congress authorized. I had really not heard anything about this. He said, "We are going to meet with those folks in the Department of Commerce tomorrow, and as an old Park City-ite, why don't you come and participate." Have I talked about this before?GT: A little bit, I think. (April 21, 1987, Tape #11. see exhibit.)CW: Well, just to finish it off, I went to the meeting with the Department of Commerce officials the next day and concurred with the UPC plan. They got the loan and the resort was built. Later on, when I returned to Salt Lake City I served as president of UPC and we finished paying off that loan. The resort511
   CLARKL . WILSON # 1 5and the real estate development is one of the realsuccess stories in Utah.An interesting sidelight to the meeting with theDepartment of Commerce representatives: As the meeting convened, in walked Peterson who had been the basketball coach at Utah Aggies. He was introduced as the Commerce Department recreational consultant. When they asked me to make my comments I started with,"Well, you may know that we Utahns like to 'bear our testimony'." This from a long time Presbyterian, but he didn't know that!!! It had the right effect though as his face broke out in a great big smile!!!GT: Now in terms of the mining end of it, had Droubay done very much with the property in the latter part of the fifties, and before--through the sixtiesbefore you got there in '67 primarily gathered control of leases?or had they just the land and theCW: Well, what I'd like to use is finish off some of this review and submit the monthly reports that I have of my years with Anaconda because they deal with that resort problem.GT: Why don't we stop for today then and pick that up next time? It's a good breaking point. Thank you verymuch.512
    CLARK L. WILSON #15(END OF TAPE, END OF INTERVIEW]513