 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH Uravan, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-196August 3, 1972Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsAugust 3, 1972Tape #1:Various JobsSchools and Recreation . . Politics ....... .Union Carbide and Involvement. Special Education. . 1 . 7 ¥ ¥ 9 . 14 . 19
 THE [FOLLOWING) I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MRS. RUTH M.SUPERINTENDENT ANDQUACKENBUSH, SECRETARY TO PLANT PERSONAL MANAGER, URAVAN OPERA TIONC O R P O R A T I O N , U R A V A N , C O L O R A D O , ON A U G U S T 6 , UNION CARBIDE CORPORA TION. THE INTERVIEWERUNION CARBIDE 1 9 7 0 . S U B J E C T : I S CLARE ENGLE.[TAPE #1. PART OF THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJEcr.JCE: Thank you very much, Mrs. Quackenbush, for taking time to talk with me this morning. I appreciate this opportunity. Before we begin about the uranium industry and Uravan and especially youR interest in politics here, will you tell me when you were born and where you were born? You don't have to tell me when you were born, but tell me where you were born and where you were raised and educated.RQ: Yes, I was born in western Colorado, in Delta, Colorado, and I have lived in western Colorado most of my entire life. I went to high school at Cedar Edge in Colorado and went to college at Western State College in Gunnison, Colorado. Most of my working career has been in Colorado. In fact, I worked forUnion Carbide most of my career.CE: When did you start with Carbide?RQ: I started with Union Carbide January 2, 1951. Sincethat time I have left Carbide a couple of times to explore greener pastures when I was young and single and thought it was fun to get out and do other things.CE: What did you do when you first started with them? AndOF
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1tell us what you are doing now.RQ: Alright. When I first started with Union Carbide I started on switchboard where most everyone started at that time--CE: Where, by the way?RQ: In Grand Junction. I worked on the switchboard aboutthree weeks and then went into the purchasing department. I worked as a typist first and then as a secretary to the purchasing agent, for about four years. At that time in 1954 we were all transferred to either the Rifle plant or the Uravan plant because the Grand Junction office was decentralized and everyone went to plant locations. So at that time I chose to go to Uravan, so there were a group of single people who were transferred down here, and I came here as secretary to the purchasing agent. I worked here about a year and then quit Union Carbideand went to work for the A.E.C. for a little while. CE: Will you tell me what Union Carbide was like in about1 54?RQ: 1954, yes. It was real fun then really. Maybe I wasyoung and single, more than the fact that Union Carbide was any different. But there was six single girls who came to Uravan at that time as office workers and we had houses here, and three girls lived2
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1in each house and we cooked for ourselves and Union Carbide furnished our homes for us. We all had a jalopy of some kind or another to get in and out of town, and at that time there were a lot of single geologists and mining engineers here too. So we had a ball really. We cooked for each other. The men would take turns. We would barbecue steaks back on the staff house one night and we'd cook at home the other times. And the Union, Uravan was kind of new then as far as housing because they had just built a lot of new housing here for the people they were bringing in from Grand Junction. Living in a mining and milling town was a new experience for all of us. We kept real busy and our jobs were interesting because we were at the heart of what was going on. We could see what we had been typing about all these years.CE: Then what happened?RQ: Well, after I worked here about a year, then I quitand went to get back to the big city again-- CE: You worked in Grand Junction too?RQ: In Grand Junction for the Atomic Energy Commission, and there I worked in their mining--I believe they call it mining research under a Dr. Razor.CE: That was interesting at that time too?RQ: Oh, it really was, because this was at the time when3
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH #1they were doing a lot of leasing and exploring and the A.E.C. was getting quite a lot involved in a lot of the mills that were being set up in Monticello and I think maybe even Moab and Globe, Arizona. The people that I worked for had quite a lot to do with this sort of thing, and I worked there for them in this mining department. I think there was a group of about eight or nine engineers that I worked for. I worked their for about nine months to ten months and quit and went back to Union Carbide, primarily because they had moved their operation back to Grand Junction, and I went to work for the engineering department. At that time they were redesigning the Uravan plant, adding what is now called the B plantwhich is at the top of the hill. Prior to that it was all going down the hill. So I went to work for the engineering department, and at that time the Grand Junction office of Union Carbide was quite small. There was the engineering department and management, and than we had a group of engineers from Philadelphia that were designing the plant. So it was quite interesting in that I became quite involved in the designing of the new part of the Uravan plant. Then gradually Union Carbide started bringing back everyone to Grand Junction, which happens to4
 RUTHM. QUACKENBUSH # 1companies quite often. They disperse then they bring everyone back to a central point. After that I worked for engineering in metallurgy, and then they added some I. R. D. 's to my job and eventually I wassecretary to the general manager in the Grand Junction office.And who was that?That was James L. Lake. He was--Oh!He was basically metallurgy oriented, and I had worked for him as a metallurgist. Then after he became general manager I worked for him then--That was the top secretarial job.Yes, it was. It was a good job, more responsible and very interesting. At that time in addition to workingfor the general manager I also worked for the manager of engineering, the manager of plants, the manager of mines and his assistant. I was also secretary for the head analyst. I had that I worked for at the time. I had one girl working under me. So we had a lot of work. It was real interesting because we had every phase of Union Carbide in that one little office because we had all of the different facts of the industry.And you were very busy at that time. 5CE: RQ: CE: RQ:CE: RQ:CE:
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1RQ: Yes, we were. We really were busy. This was the timewhen activity at Union Carbide was probably at its greatest because we were extending all these plants at that time. We also built what's called the Rifle complex which was the Slickrock Mill, Green River Mill as it is now. The Green River and the Slick Rock Mills fed an upgraded material to the Rifle plant, and we were all involved in this. Then I worked for Union Carbide for another five years. I guess I wasn't too young then, but I was still single and I decided it would be fun to see some other part of the world, so I quit Union Carbide again and went to Denver. I worked at Buckley Field where they were building a missile site. I worked for a national Jewish hospital. I went to Texas and worked for Humble Oil and Refining Company for a while, and came back to Union Carbide in 1962, where I have been ever since. When I came back to Union Carbide I went to work in management again for the man who was, I think--they called him manager of accounting and finance. ht that time we did all salary and payroll, budgeting and that sort of thing. I worked for him until the time I got married in 1963, at which time Imoved to Uravan.CE: You married a Union Carbide employee.6
 RUTH RQ: CE: RQ:CE: RQ:CE: RQ: CE:RQ:M. QUACKENBUSH # 1I married a Union Carbide employee.You just can't get away from it, can you?[Laughter] I sure can't.What does your husband do?My husband is a mining safety engineer in Uravan. We have five children, four of them I adopted when I got married. We had one of our own. We have quite afamily and quite a life here in Uravan.Well, tell me about you life in Uravan.0. K.Tell me about the schools and what you think of them and recreation and how you feel about whether it is adequate, or--The school system in Uravan I think is basically pretty good. I guess I am more education-oriented than athletic-oriented, and I sometimes feel like school systems build for the benefit of the football players and the basketball players and forget some of the things that to me are more important. To other people they might not be. However they do have a reasonably good music program in the junior high and high school. In fact, even in grade school they have choral music to some extent that prepares background and broadens their life a little. Basically I thinkthe school system is quite adequate. They're like all 7
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH #1other school systems. I think they're getting away from teaching children to read, write and spell, and teaching more social functions than they are some of the things they should be, but then this our national education program I think more than Uravan itself. I think we graduated too many children that can't spell "cat" but probably know a great deal about nuclear physics and so on, which is fine I guess. But I think they really need to stress a little more the basic principles of education for most children. As far as living in Uravan is concerned, it's quite nice because you know who your children associate with. There's not much danger of them becoming involved in things they shouldn't become involved in without you knowing because everyone lives so close together. As far as activities are concerned, there aren't a greatdeal. You have to kind of dream up your own activities. In the summertime they have a marvelous swimming program for children. In the wintertime we've tried awfully hard to get an ice skating rink started and so far we haven't been too successful. we have to go up the hills to ice skate. But we¥re working on it to give them something to do during the winter. They have some extracurricular sports during the year around the community. They play basketball8
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH #1during the winter and the women play volleyball. We all bowl practically, because there's a bowling alley at Nucla and it is the main interest of a great deal of people here. We have mixed bowling leagues and men's leagues and women leagues. That keeps peoplepretty busy. The worst part about living in an area like this is its remoteness as far as shopping is concerned. If you need something in an emergency, you might as well forget it because you can't get it. The stores around here are not too well supplied for children's clothing and this sort of thing, so you have to kind of plan ahead as far as shopping is concerned. Most of the time we have good medical facilitiesv We have a doctor here in Uravan who takes care of our medical need. However, if we do need to go to the hospital, of course, we go to Grand Junction or to Montrose. I can't think of anything else.CE: I know that you're actively interested in politics and I would be very interested in hearing, first of all, generalizations on what the political thoughts are of---?--- Uravan people.RQ: Basically I would say most people here, like anywhere else, are not really deeply interested in politics. You can't really get people out to work on any9
 RUTHM. QUACKENBUSH # 1political venture. I think a fairly large percent of the people register and vote. However, you can't get people to work for a political party too much. There are, of course, heavily one party I would say because of the type of people here. The hourly/salary ratiois not necessarily the republican/democratic ratio but pretty close actually. We do have a lot of people who are independents who take no particular stand on politics, but we have tried in the past. My husband and I are both quite interested in politics and work quite hard at it. We tried for a while to have a political education program here and it went quite well here for a while, when we had the right combination of people here. When those people moved away it fell flat. But my husband and I are both committee man and committee woman for our party. That's the Republican party, and we both attend regularly county central committee meetings. My husband has been vice-chairman. Well, they don't really call it vice-chairman, he directs the precincts of the west end of Montrose County because we are so far removed from the central location of Montrose. So you sort of need a county chairman and a man to help him because we have to kind of function by ourselves in this end of the county. So my husband10
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1does supervise all political activities for this end.CE: Backtracking a little bit before you go on, are most of the mill workers and the miners Democrats?RQ: Yes, they are. Basically the mine and the mill people are either Democrats or independent heavily Democratic, and I'd say even some of the salary people are pretty well Democratic oriented.CE: So the Republicans are in the minority.RQ: The Republicans are vastly in the minority. In fact we had about this sort of a--I'd guess, but I'd say 200, oh, maybe 250 people registered to vote in '68.And I'd say probably 60 to 70 of them were Republican. The rest were either Democratic or Independent. So we really are a minority--CE: What about the county in general?RQ: The county, I would say it's probably stronglydemocratic also but not quite such a big ratio because I think--well, now for instance in Montrose there would be a Mexican minority group which would probably be strongly Democratic. Now, ranching type people in the Montrose area and even in the Nucla area are probably Republican. But as far as hourly workers and a lot of people of the area, they are Democratic.CE: Is it reflected in the voting however? Because often 11
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1it doesn't necessarily fall through.RQ: In most cases it really is reflected in voting. Now there will be a few people, and maybe this is unique in this and this part of the world, a candidate that everyone knows really well and has admired for years. People will cross party lines to vote, but basically I think unless someone has a strong feeling about the man himself the voting really goes this way. I don't remember the figures really on the last election, but I would say Montrose county probably is strongly Democratic. However we're probably the most active as far as working. I guess you have to be when you're the minority.CE: Republicans noted for that anyhow as you undoubtedly know. They have a very strong local party system.RQ: Uh huh. Well, we've really tried. We do every two years on election year, we have a political dinner and invite ordinarily the man who is running for the fourth Congressional District because he's the man who needs the most exposure. We usually get a real good turnout for such a small area. In fact, we always have a capacity crowd at our dinner. This is our one real basic project of an election year, andthen ordinarily we try to have all the candidates over for coffee type get-togethers, so that people of12
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1the area can meet the candidates, because this is so remote over here. It's really very hard to get a man running for a political office to even bother with us. But if you invite them and you make itinteresting enough they'll come, because it's totheir advantage to come.CE: What particular activity have you promoted other thanthis for Uravan, that is?RQ: Several years ago we did have a financing campaignwhich really worked out quite well. The Republican party has a what they call 1200, club and all of their members are supposed to donate $1 a month for a year toward financing the Republican party. A couple of years ago--we haven't done it this year--but two years ago we got our Republicans club together and we all went out and saw all the people in town who were Registered Republican, and worked on this financing and we did marvelously well for such a small community. In fact, they wanted us to get 12 percent of the registered voters in Uravan donating. Well when you only have sixty registered voters it's not too difficult, but we were really quite proud of our efforts. Other than that we do every year work at getting people registered and keeping them informed of when registration days are, and this is basically13
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1what we do; just try to keep people informed. Then I always keep absentee ballot applications in my deskin case anybody needs them. I always have a little primer on politics in case anybody has a question, so that they know where to come if they have a question about politics regardless of which party they belong to, because I think it is important for people to know their political party and to know their candidates and get out and vote. Because certainly people need to get interested in our government.CE: I want to go back to the company store and ask you questions regarding that if you'll let me. Because I told you I want a woman's point of view on some of these thir..gs.RQ: Uh huh.CE: When you have a complaint about the store who do yougo complain to?RQ: Ordinarily we go to the man who manages the store.CE: Livingston.RQ: Mr. Livingston [Laughter] and if we don't likesomething, we call him and talk to him about it.Sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't [work].CE: Does the company try to control that at all?RQ: No, basically we try to stay out of it. Now it¥ssomething serious. Now, several years ago 14for
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1instance they were selling firecrackers. In the first place firecrackers are outlawed in Uravan and fireworks of any kind because they are dangerous. The store went ahead and sold them because "everyone sells them," so shouldn't they? This we did interfere in. We asked them not to because of the fact that it was against our town rules to have firecrackers exploded in town, so we asked them not to. But ordinarily we let the store run their business the best they can, and we help them whenever we can. There are lots of things the company does to help the store keep in business and improve itself. If they need carpentry work done and this sort of thing, we always help. But as far as managing the store, they pretty much do it as they please.CE: Does the company interfere in the political activities here?RQ: No, in fact they're pretty standoffish about it. We do have some men in management positions who are quite interested in politics. Some of them aren't the least bit, but it's really best because of the fact that we do have a union-company relationship. The company just can't very well put itself supporting apolitical party for instance. I think really that a company should be interested in politics in general15
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1and we aren't too much. In fact, Mr. Massey who is operations superintendent and I have tried to get some people interested in a political education program that the Chamber of Commerce puts out. It seems like Jim and I are the only ones interested in it because people really ought to know how people get nominated for an office or how they get to be made mayor, or how people get to be precinct committee men, committee women. For that reason I feel 1ike that the company should promote interest in politics, but we don't read it too much. Oh, maybe it's personalities that we have here that just plain aren't interested. Now the corporation on the whole really does support this sort of thing. They have a public affairs man in Washington and they have public affairs men all across the country who do encourage employee activity and community projects and in politics. This is why it's easy for us to take on a job like committee man and committee woman and haveto be gone occasionally to state assemblies and this sort of thing, because the company as a whole does encourage their employees to become interested because it's to our advantage to be interested. They even would support (I think) the fact that a person had an elected office if it did not detract from16
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1their job too much. For instance, my husband is on the airport board, and this is really sort of a political appointment. But it doesn't take him awayfrom work very often. Occasionally it does, and they understand this and they support it. But as far as the company really becoming involved in politics, they don't at least.CE: What Chamber of Commerce were you referring to?RQ: There is a National Chamber of Commerce organization that puts out a political education program. I can'tremember the title of it, but it's several years old. In fact, I read in one of our bulletins that came from New York that they're putting out a new one. I tossed it away because I figured nobody would be interested. But it is a real good program on teaching people how people get into political offices and what you can do as an individual to get involved inpolitics all the way from the precinct level up tothe state and national level.CE: I have a question, it's gone. Well if I think of itlater I' 11 ask it to you and I' 11 amend this tape because it's gone. Is there anything else that you would like to comment on so far as the town's concerned and your life here that I haven't covered?RQ: No, I--17
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH #1CE: For instance, the company' s interest in themaintenance of the individual property?RQ: Oh, yes. This is something that's quite important I think. Union Carbide does take a great interest in their employees. I think this is one thing really totheir credit. In a small town like this, of course they have to take care of our homes and the grounds and the surrounding area, but I think they really maybe go beyond the call of duty to keep us happy, to keep our homes in order. Gee, when we have something wrong with our house, all we have to do is call the personnel office, and if it's something that's logical they send a carpenter to repair our sinks. We really are quite builded. When you move away from Uravan and own a home of your own you just don't realize how much Union Carbide has done for us because they do take good care of our homes. They provided paint for us to clean up when we need to clean up our homes. They provide pickets to build fences with and really encourage people to make Uravan a home, not just a place to stop off at. They take an interest in our safety. They really, the management of Union Carbide does everything they pos~ibly can to keep us as happy as we can be in asfar off a spot like Uravan is. 18
 RUTH M. QUACKENBUSH # 1CE: Do you think people take advantage of some of thesethings?RQ: I'm sure they do; I'm sure that there are people whomaybe take too much advantage of Union Carbide, but I think basically people support the company and appreciate the things that they do for us and put forth their effort to make Uravan a decent place to live in.CE: I thank you very much, Mrs. Quackenbush. RQ: Y ou're sure welcome--(END OF INTERVIEW]CE: Mrs. Quackenbush requested that the followinginformation be added to the tape. A special education class for educationally handicapped children including the mentally retarded has been a part of the Uravan school since 1967. Children from Nucla and Naturita, towns within a twenty mile radius and within the same school district are bussed during the school year to Uravan. Mrs. Mabel Aspden, A-S-P-D-E- N, a specially trained teacher, teaches this class.The school district pays for these services.19