 WILLIAM EVERETT & MARGE HALDANE Grand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-179August 4, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 
 Table of ContentsTape #1:Opening Plants in the '40s ............... 1D istrict.The Army engineers and ManhattanExploration Program and VCA.Exploration in UtahThe Beginning of the Boom.Fixed Scales and Unfair Pricing . . . . .Conflict With Oil Leases . . . . . . . . . . ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ Mr. Burwell.Burwell's AgressivenessThe Demise of VCA .....Dr. Haldane and Patents . .Uranium Boom--Fact and Fiction ............ Uravan Water, Food, Power, Heat.Arrangement of the Town . . . . .Mines W orked.Family SituationPolitics and Unions .................. 55 Crime and a Raid ... 57The Individual Miner 614 . ¥ ¥ ¥ 8 . . . . . 11 . . . 15 ¥ ¥ 18¥ ¥ ¥ ¥24 ¥ 26 29 ¥ 33 . 35 37 . 41 . 46 50 52
 
 THE FOLLOWI NG I S AN INTERVIEW WITHMINING ENGIN EE R . THE I N TERVIEWER I S A U G U S T 4 , 1 9 7 0 . T H E S U BJ E C TWILLIAMI S CLAREEVERETT ENGLE.HALDANE,T H E D A T EINDUSTRYGRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO.]I S T H EAND THE UNION CARBI DE CORPORA TION. [T APE # 1 .Thank you very much, Mr. and Mrs. Haldane for inviting me into your home. I appreciate very much the opportunity to talk with both of you. I'm sure that this will be a very enlightening experience for me since you've both been working in the uranium industry for many years. Before I begin discussing your particular role in industry, however, would you tell me please, Mr. Haldane, where you were born and where you were raised and educated?I was born and raised in Denver, attended East Denver High School. I attended Purdue University for three years and then transferred to Colorado School of Mines and received an engineer of mines degree in spring of 1942. That's about the extent of my education.and worked down in Uravan area in the, from 1936 to the time I graduated, and along with John Hill, I was one of the two engineers hired for the Metal Reserveprogram for the vanadium war effort in the early partof the war.CE: You were hired by Union Carbide, USV?CE:WH:Then what did you do before you got your degree?CE:WH: Well, I 'd been out of school for a couple of yearsU R A N I U M
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1WH: USV originally in those days, yes. For the next threeyears why I did quite a little bit of transferring around. I started out in an ore buying depot in Dove Creek, Colorado for the purchase of vanadium ore for the war effort. I was there about four months and transferred to Durango as assistant mill superintendent when they got the Durango mill in operation. I had milling experience in those years prior to my graduation. That too lasted about four months and I was transferred to Uravan as assistant mill superintendent there in charge of the uranium pilot plant. This would be about December of '42.CE: Now this is about the beginning of the Metals Reserve period.WH: Well, this was the end of my Metals Reserve work because by this time I was being developed to go into the uranium program. In March of 1 43 I was placed in charge of the uranium plants in this area as the supervising engineer, plants at Durango, Uravan and Grand Junction. They were still under construction at the time. We completed construction, the first one tobe completed was the Durango plant and Joe Hopkins and Jim Lake and I broke in the crews and got that plant in operation in the Summer of 1 43. As soon as that one was finished, why, we went to Uravan and got2
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1 that one in operation.CE: How do you go about getting one in operation? Define that, expand on it.WH: Well, mainly by breaking in the crews, mill operators to the point that you can start operating 24 hours a day. It means leaching, precipitating of uranium and vanadium from solution in that particular type of mill operation. Of course this was during the war and labor was extremely hard to get. We had pretty fair luck in Durango, a little bit better labor market but when we got to Uravan labor it was almost impossible to get people, personnel, mill personnel. So the...CE: Was it because it was an unpleasant place to live?WH: Well, not, unpleasant isn't quite the word because it was an isolated area. But our man power situation was helped out by two ways. Many of the younger men thathad been drafted from the Uravan, Naturita, Nucla area and were in the army were transferred back to us as Army personnel to do the work in the mill.CE: During the Metals Reserve?WH: Yes. Now again we must get away from Metals Reserveprogram because now we're in the uranium program. TheMetals Reserve is strictly a vanadium program.CE: But wasn't that army hired?WH: This was an army contract under the Manhattan3
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1district. It was the forerunner of the present day Atomic Energy Commission.CE: So the army wasn't at Uravan for the vanadium project?WH: No, no, they brought them back for this uranium project during the war, yes. Plus the fact that they hired women to work in the mill, and we had an influx of probably, I think at one 15 or 16 women were hired. A few of them were wives of men in uravan, but the majority of them were actually recruited and hired outside of Uravan, Grand Junction and other areas. They brought them in as mill operators.CE: They weren't unionized yet?WH: No, no.CE: They became unionized about '43 I understand, themill workers.WH: Well, not our personnel. The army personnel wasn't.Now there probably was reason for this. This was a very highly secret, security-type of operation. The fact of the matter is there was absolutely no mention, supposed to be no mention of uranium. As little illustration of his, at this time I had moved my headquarters to Grand Junction. One night about nine o'clock I got a call from a man who said hewanted to come out and see me. And when he came out 4
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1he presented his credentials as being an FBI agent out of the Chicago office. He said, "Now this is highly classified, great security. My job is to come out and get a job, he brought another fel l ow with him, another FBI agent but there job was to get a jobin these uranium m ills in which I was the only pers on to know that they were, who they were. Well, I know that these people did this to me, that the army, the Manhattan District also had security men of this nature in the plan. But anyhow I made arrangements for one of them to go to work at Durango and the other to go to work at Uravan. And I know in my later trips around this one fellow there in Uravan working on the boats, the boat gang, this is just manual labor, digging ditches and installing pipes and so on. Just in there working his head off and he stayed around for about six weeks and again one evening along about nine or nine-thirty I got a call form him saying that he had concluded his assignment and he was on his way out. But this, so actually weestablished codes for uranium and vanadium. established a basic code, was later changed and modified a little bit, but my designation was the letter P for vanadium and the letter Q for uranium.And any of our discussions with mill personnel or 5i
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1anything was strictly that we were governing to get more vanadium out of these old vanadium, uranium tailings, and no mention was made of uranium. Actually this was kind of a little bit of a fallacy because everybody knew that we were getting the uranium out, but they, I don't know too many realized what for and what it was all about.Did you know what it was being used for?CE:WH: I had a pretty good idea. I knew it was for it'senergy content, but I wasn't sure whether it was controlled or uncontrolled. Of course at that time it was an uncontrolled use that we were getting it for. I had some idea, yes.CE: I want to go back a little now because this has never been completely explained to me and obviously aware of the chronology here. During the Metals Reserve period, with which of course I am very familiar as the result of extensive reading, denied Union Carbide briefs for one thing, gave me a good background on that. There was no army engineer group, is that e midd1e 0fthe Metals Reserve period and began this promotion ofuranium?WH: No, I think there's a little confusion here. The armyengineers were strictly on uranium, had nothing to do 6
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1with any of the vanadium picture.CE: Some of the people with the whole line of talk were not clear about this.WH: Yeah.CE: And it's probably because they didn't know that thisWH:CE:WH:CE:WH:was where the army engineer group.This is probably very true. This is probably true. Again I think this reverts back to the security measure that were ...But the Metals Reserve period was from about '42 to'44, and the USV was the agent for Metals Reserve on the Plateau.Yes, but this was for vanadium procurement rather than uranium procurement.But then the army of engineers came in when? About '43?Well, construction on these uranium mills was started in the latter part of '42 and being that this was under the army engineers under the Manhattan District there were army engineers around but their offices were not definitely established until about the time that I went with them which would be about March of '43.What was your particular job then?CE:WH: I was supervising engineer, army contract, Manhattan7
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1 District.CE: Were you on loan then to the army?WH: Well, yes, to all practical purposes, yes. Actuallythis was a division of US Vanadium, the US Vanadium army contract to be exact. And then there's another, there's another program too that was started about this same time that probably also lends to the confusion on all this, is in that Union Mines Development Company was also organized about this time.CE: As a division of the company again.WH: As a division of the company again, but again it wasan army contract and but this dealt specifically with classifying uranium ore reserved world-wide. Not only in this Uravan Mineral Belt area but also world- wide.CE: By the way, I've read this Ben Webber report which of course deals exclusively with that. And we've talked with Mr. Livingston and of course Mr. Emerson who was on the project and John Hill said he did some of thework.WH: I went on loan with them two for about six months.This was later, this was probably the latter parts of '43 of the early part of '44 and I wrote the original report for the purchase of the Slide Rock properties,8
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1and their type of mines. In fact, I have my report right here and I wrote it, I wrote a report first for US Vanadium consumption and then they decided that this might be something that the government would be interested, so then I went on Union Mines Development payroll--rewrote the report and on the basis of my report, although he detail work was followed up by the Union Mines geologist and so on, the detail workfollowed, but on the basis of my report they made their original negotiations to purchase that property.CE: We have been trying to determine why the Union Mines Development Company people didn't make a larger estimate of uranium reserves when, for instance, the Monument Number Two, VCA's mine had already been found?WH: This I can't really answer. Although as a little aside--my dad was a vice president of Union Mines Development as well as the vice-president of usVanadium Corporation and I think the newness of the program was what this was. The fact of the matter is, I don't think that they were trying to determine uranium reserves on the basis of operating mines. They were trying to get something beyond, above and beyond the operating properties. I think this is the9
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1thing. This was strictly an exploration program and not a development or production program, because at this time there had been no price established or anything for the purchase of uranium and no purchase contracts on it. They would buy it, they would buy uranium if it was high grade. It had to be, I think their requirements at that time were about one percent U308 but ...CE: Well, did you ever hear Dr. Haldane mention why they weren't able to go onto VCA's property? The report stated very specifically that they were not allowed to enter the Monument Number Two property.WH: Well, there are two, two reasons for this. One, was that there was a lot of rivalry in these days. Now part of this rivalry diverts back to early 1942 when to maintain the war effort for vanadium production the vanadium for the war effort, USV actually had determined on the Monticello site to put in theirmill because it was more centrally located. Well, VCA raised a terrific objection to this, that there was no point why Union Carbide, US Vanadium should be given this privilege and not them. So as a compromise measure USV decided, that well, we can get into production within six months by converting the oldsmelters at Durango into a vanadium mill and so on, 10
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1they said, all right, you can have the Monticello area--we will got to Durango and put in the mill. So I know when I went up there to break in the crews on the vanadium mill in the summer of 1942 we were justfinishing up construction, we were discussing the fact that we would be in operation before VCA even got started, hardly got started on the construction of the mill and this is the way it turned out. That's one thing and then I think--I can't remember, I can't recall the exact dates although they're in the files in here, as to when the antimonopoly and trust suit was instigated against VCA and USV including Burwell and my dad and two or three of the VCA personnel and this I would assume might be another factor involved there. Now I think that suit came before then, didn't it? It came in 1939 as I recall. As I say, the papers are in there in the file. I could dig them up.MH: I'm not real sure.WH: I think it was in 1939. I would say that this wasprl:mlyttEnajcrthirg.in.ol\mmallthisi:fyttemrjcrthirg.in.ol\mmallthis, ttat strictly from the monopoly, anti-trust deal was the reason there was no cooperation this way.CE: Do you want to go back to Uravan? I interrupted your thought. You said you had originated the code. is that where you...?11
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1WH: Well, well, this I did. Among other things I didn'tlast too long in that position. i was transferred out after about a year, because I got cross-wise with the area engineer, the army engineer. He and I didn't see eye to eye on many things. One of the big problems was that there was a recapture clause in the contract with US Vanadium that when the tailings were completed, the treatment was completed and when the war was over and things like this, that the company had the option to buy back. So I was endeavoring in some aspects to hold the cost down because in the pilot plant work and so on we had been able to produce U308 concentrates for, if memory serves me correctly, for four to five dollars a pound. Well, about the time we got well into operation with these, with our mills, why our costs were probably double that. There wasn't an awful lot of reason for it another than just typical government red tape and rigamarloe. I could go through several examples, but I don't think they would apply to history other than the fact that eventually it got to the point where I could not get along with the are engineer. But when, when this did happen, then they transferred me in on company account and to make the original, some original uranium reserve estimates on primarily12
 WILLI AM EVERETT HALDANE #1company mines. Well about this time I started making property examinations and l i ke the Red Canyon area . I pack horsed into that and a terrifically hard trip. It's still not an easy trip I understand.And boy on the top side of a horse it wasn't in those days. Of course we had to leave in the latter part of March and it rained and snowed on us every single day and we'd be soaking wet and we'd set fire to the cedar trees and the horses standing around with the steam coming off and had a couple of accidents on that horse that, when you're 65 miles form no place, why if you should get injured on something like this,CE: WH:CE:WH: CE: WH:it might be a little rugged.Union Carbide didn't pursue that area as far as much drilling and mining, did they?No, no.They were interested in vanadium.Yes. However, in some of these earlier days, in the late '30s, John Hill and I used to pack horse into a lot of areas, Red Canyon and the Montezuma Canyon area. I had some of these same trips down on the Indian reservation before and after this '43 period. In fact, I've got a report on the Indian reservationthere too that I made in those particular days.CE: Any time you want to use any of that, for instance if13
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1you want to look in your files, I'll be glad to stop.WH: Well.CE: Or read from any of that.WH: Well, for the present time, maybe we can review themafter we get through, maybe just the chronological development m ight--I'll carry on a kind of chronological development because I feel that my greatest worth to the uranium industry still comes a little bit later. Whether it's worth anything or not I don't know, but anyhow, by t~e latter part of '45 everything was in the process of shutting down, the uranium plants and the vanadium plants too. So at this time I transferred out of Bishop, California, and their tungsten property out there and I went to shifting in the mill--I spent a year in Californiaand a year in Las Vegas, Nevada. Then I decided to come back to this country. I came back working for Dr. Ben Parker and Dr. John V anderwilt. V anderwilt was president of Colorado School of Mines at that time and Parker followed him as a president of the School of Mines. We were making a mineral evaluation of mineral resources on former Ute Indian lands. Thiswas in 1 46 and '47. From June of '46 to June of '47. CE: John Hill was on that project.WH: John Hill was hired before I was, and again I14
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1followed him just like we did on the Metals Reserve program. I followed along with him a little bit after that, in which the work that we did, I would say that basically John and I were the ones that carried the program along. Anyhow, it ended up with a favorable settlement to the Ute Indians. Then another little break from the uranium industry. I spent about a year with Mr. Livingston on explosive test work in Utah and here in Colorado in which I was the site engineer, the man in charge of the on the field work. Although this has indirect relationship to the uranium program in that we were establishing a ways of perhaps--well, eventually the nuclear bombs and so on, the damage they can do, we were doing it on a smaller scale. It has a direct relationship to this. Then in about '48, I, by this time, my Dad and Burwell had retired and the combination of Joe Weston and Ray Sullivan, Mineral Engineering was organized. So I went to work for them on their first governmentdrill contract that they had up on Calamity andOutlaw [Mines].CE: They did a lot of work for the AEC, didn't they?WH: Yes, uh huh. This happened to be the USGS, but it wasfor the AEC on this particular drill contract. This lasted until the early 1950's. A couple of years15
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1previous to this I had one of those rare flashes of foresight and I picked up some mining property overin the Slick Rock area. An old friend of mine over there had decided he wanted to sell his mining. equipment and mining property and it sounded like a good idea to me, so I took an option on the property. He wanted $3,500 for everything. At that time I could only raise about half of it and I was in at Sand M Supply one day talking to D. D. Son, [and I] mentioned that I had this property under option. I had to raise seventeen hundred, eighteen hundred dollars more to get it out. He says, "How much do you need?" I said, "I need about seventeen, eighteen hundred dollars." He pulled his checkbook out of his desk and wrote me out a check for that amount and so I paid off the property. The next year we sold themining equipment alone which consisted of a compressor and jackhammer and steel and hoses and so on. We sold it for about $3,500 and eventually we realized about $16,000 on the mining property in the early uranium boom days. It was one of those, as I say, rare flashes of foresight as far as I wasconcerned.MH: Well, now is your--you want this more on the historyof Uravan or are you going clear through the uranium? 16
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1CE: Both, but I'm going to go back to Uravan after Mr.Haldane decides that he wants to, because this is very interesting to us in that much of this isinformation I don't have.WH: Well, I'll just carry on a little bit further alongthe line here. In about the middle of 1950, an operator from--a man who had put up some money and bought some mining property, in fact he was one that bought some of my property. I needed somebody to operate the properties, and a little reluctantly I left Minerals Engineering Company but went, as general manager, partially because I would get, I also had a stock option in his company. So I took over the management of this company. We started out with about $1,500 in cash in the bank and about $90,000 worth of debts. In a five year period we had about a $100,000 dollars in the bank and about four or five thousand dollars worth of assets. All the debts had been paid off.CE: What were you doing specifically?WH:We were mining over on the Leaking group which was an AEC lease which was originally granted to Mineral Engineering Company, but they decided they didn't want to operate it any further, so they allowed Mr. Ortemeyer or Ortemeyer Mining Company to take over17
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1the operations, and this was when I took over as general manager of Ortemeyer Mining Company. During this early '50 period there were two things that kind of influenced my life for several years. One of them was that in the late '40s, '49 or early 'sos an article came out by one of the Washington personnel of the AEC. The United States was a havenot nation in regards to uranium. Well, at this time of course I was still associated with Burwell and Minerals Engineering Company and I'm sure that I had--well, anyway with the work that I had done on uranium reserves back in the early '40s this was not right and I just couldn't go for this. The second thing was that occasionally I used to ride my--the truckers into the mills, either Durango or Uravan and check their methods of sampling and how they handled the ore and so on. The first thing that happened to me, I took a truck into Durango one day and we stopped at two or three grain places on the way and I waved the truck in, just to check the truck scales up there atthe Durango plant. Well, when I got through checking, the Durango plant was 600 pounds lighter than what these other scales weighed. This was compensating for the fuel that they had in the tanks and so on. We'd calculate the other scales within ten or twenty18
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1pounds. So I came to Grand Junction, this was off the government lease, the AEC lease, so I came to Grand Junction and saw the man out at the AEC about it. I was complaining that I thought they ought to take a look at this. The fellow that was in charge at that time turned me down flat and cold. He said that I didn't have anything and it didn't make any difference and it was none of my business. I don't like to be talked to like this.CE: Now who was it?WH: Well, I don't like to put it out in that strong ofterms though, but it was Frank McPhearson. So anyhow it made me mad and I went back to the mine and for the rest of the month, 30 days, I would not let one of my trucks leave without having time to weigh in at those scales and to tear back. They had to leave early enough that they could tear back so that I had all this information for each day. In this period of a month's time, but it was in the neighborhood of 45 or 50 trucks, the smallest amount of error was two hundred pounds up there, always on the light side at the Durango mill. One of them was off twelve hundred pounds. Well, over an average period of time this amounts to a heck of a lot of tonnage that can belost by inaccurate scales. So I took all of these all 19
 WI LLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1of these scale tickets in and presented them to him again and said, "What do you think of this? I say I still think I've got something on you." "Well, we'll look right into it, we'll look right into it." I dashed back to the mine, grabbed a truck out the first thing next morning, went up to Durango, and by the time we got up there they had that scale all torn down and were removing mud off of it, planing off the sides where it had been binding and things like this and I never had any more trouble with truck weights. Anyhow, this began to influence a group of us including the person that had the adjoining propertywhich is Tom Skidmore, and at this time Norman Dub Edley was his manager and engineer on the job. So between the three of us we got together and we got all our information together and started backtracking on our sampling at these various plants. Well, we came up with the fact that between ten and twenty dollars a ton difference was being paid between Durango and Uravan. In other words, we were getting between ten and twenty dollars a ton more for our ore. It was coming out of the same holes and the same places at Durango as we were at Uravan, so we decided we'd better find out how this is happening. so we started--Duff's a pretty smart engineer. He's pretty20
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1thorough and a pretty capable engineer. We started boning up on sampling procedures and started going through the m ills. W ell, we had no problems where, the mills that we were shipping ore to. We had no problems and we'd go through them and look theirsampling plants over pretty carefully and we tried to get into the market. By this time we were gathering other independent operators around and all of them with somewhat similar complaints. So we tried to go through the Monticello mill one day, the government, the AEC mill. Well, they wouldn't let us go because none of us had been shipping ore there at that particular time. Now this is all working up, in the late '49, late '50, when the government was endeavoring to come up with a price schedule, Burwell and Howard Balsely and some of the old-timers and I happened to be among them. We got together and made a loosely-knit uranium ore producers' association.Well, as these things began to get more widespread, operators complaining that they were sure they weren't getting their right sampling and so on, we reorganized; I think is in the record files here, about the 27th or so of January in 1951 we organized this Uranium Ore Producers and I was elected the president of Uranium Ore Producers. So we started our21
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1education, and we weren't getting very far because the mill didn't have to let us in unless we were shipping there. But about this time, through Tom Skidmore Steve McNichols came into the picture. Tom asked him to come down as an attorney and as a state senator at that time. Maybe he might have someinfluence on the thing. So sure enough, boy the minute we get a little politics started mixing in this things start to really blossom. Eventually we got our Congre~$ional delegation, Senator Johnson and Senator M illigan and Congressman Wayne A spinall behind us on a lot of these things and we finally got an independent survey by the Colorado School of Mines Research Foundation after many charges in the paper and fighting and bickering back and forth and so on we finally got an independent survey. Well, the fellow who was in charge of the survey was Professor Bill Cramer who was my metallurgy prof. when I went to the Colorado School of Mines. So as soon as the contract was granted he called me up and said that they were going on this program, was there anything that he'd like me to have him come--did I want him to check? Of course, I had several things that we had already presented and built up, but one of the funny things is when we finally got through, [were] allowed22
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1to go through this Monticello mill and it was--they'd spent a lot of money on it and it was a good one. Their sampling plant was good with one exception. The first cutter that they had that takes the biggest cut of load of ore coming through. That first cutter was designed wrong. Now they had four others in their circuit and every one of those was designed correctly. Well, I noticed this at that time. I kind of kept quiet because I wanted to see if anybody else picked it up and I wanted to see what would happen if I didn't say anything about it. But all the rest were designed correctly and other than a few minor things there wasn't much you could find wrong with the Monticello plant.CE: You don't think it was intentional?WH: This I'll never know, I'll never know. But anyhow, bythe time Bill Cramer came around to check it they had changed the first cutter, they had replaced it and had changed it, the design corrected by the time I got there.CE: Did you tell him, did you say?WH: Yes, I told him about it and I told him how thatfirst one was designed. On this particular type of cutter the cutting edges have to come to the exact center of location. It's the type they call the Byzan23
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1Type. What this one was, the cutters were tangent to a two-inch pipe on the side which means that you had a gap in the center of the cutter so big and the trajectory of your coarse material would get caught there and the values are in the fines and the fines get around here so they were getting a greater amount of coarse material. Now whether it was an oversightor what, I don't know, but it was designed incorrectly anyhow. But anyhow through, about the time we were just getting really going on the sampling program another crisis appeared in the uranium area, and this was the conflict between the oil and gas and potash leases with mining claims that had been located subsequent to these oil and gases leases.CE: Now when was this approximately?WH: Oh, this was approximately '52, again it's in this-- CE: At the beginning of the boom.WH: Yeah, this is right, and it looked for awhile asthough maybe 60, 70, 80 percent of the uranium mining claims that had been located would be invalid, so th is Uranium Ore Producers A ssociation was the nucleus, but anyhow, through our efforts--and we all worked darn hard and trips to Washington and things like this--we finally got [it so] the multiple-use24
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1validated the uranium mining claims. The third thingCE: WH:CE: WH: CE: WH:I think of particular value in this uranium ore producers association was, in 1 54 and it carried on, I resigned. I didn't resign, but I declined reelection in our '54 meeting. But we established an annual exposition and we had great results with that one that we held in 154. We had all kinds of equipment, drills, compressors. Everybody cooperatedreal well on this and we actually did, I think, an excellent job of informing the public what all this uranium mining and associated industries, what it was all about. There isn't much left to my contributions to this uranium industry. After this I organized my own company and it wasn't always active. There were periods of dormancy, but I had my own operation for about 12, 15 years.At what did you work?Just mostly small leasing and contacting work in the uranium field, Uravan Mineral Belt area.Did you ever have any AEC leases?No, because the AEC leases were withdrawn in 1962.And it was after that you--?Yes, uh-huh. Well, I had been leasing before that but I didn't have any AEC leases, no. When I finally ran out of ore and money which was in '65 I joined the25
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1AEC for a year and a half. So I spent a year and a half with the AEC. Then I had an offer from Vanadium Corporation of America to go to work for them as a staff engineer, and this is when I uprooted Mrs. H. 's roots. After 20 years in one house in Grand Junction we moved down to Shiprock, New Mexico, and spent two years there. Then when they shut that down they merged with Foot Mineral Company shortly before and I was transferred back to North Carolina as a plant and mining engineer in their libium operation. But I wasn't overly happy with my work and both Marge and I are pretty much westerners at heart, so just a year ago we decided to come back.CE: Will you tell me about Blair Burwell, what you remember about him? I've read some of his papers and of course I've read quite a lot about him, what there is that's been written about him. I suppose we've read that. But what do you recall about him?WH: Well, let me let Marge talk about this first because she was Burwell and my dad's secretary down there at Uravan.MH: But I wasn't--I went down there as a stenographer in that business for Dick Morris. He was the accountant. And Pete McGraff was Mr. Burwell's, she was PeteWatts then, Mr. Burwell's secretary and he also kind26
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1of scared me to death. But when I went to Uravan I went down with him and Mrs. Pacino and I went in on the 17th of January in 1937. We went through snowdrifts and it was quite an ordeal. I got thereCE: MH:just in time to sit down at the typewriter. That mail truck was waiting so I had to go to work the first day.That was quite a road then.Oh, it was. It was just something. Every time I go over it now, it's just amazing what they can do with highways. I've come out of there when they were pulling the cars through these drives, washes you know, they'd had a cloudburst and they had to pull the trucks and the cars through.What was Mr. Burwell's job then?He was the general superintendent.He was general superintendent.General superintendent. But it was such a closely knit group down there when I went in '37. It was just really a wonderful experience. All the people there just--I have wonderful memories because they were allso friendly and all worked together so well it seemedCE: MH: WH: MH:to me.CE: How many people were there then?MH: Well, I think--I really couldn't say. It seems to me 27
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1the payroll we used to have was just the hourly workers, was under a hundred, but then we didn't have the salaried employees on there, but how many families did you think we had? Sixty?I would say.Sixty families.Who were United States Vanadium Corporation employees?Yeah, but it was strictly a company-owned town. There was no--and of course up around the mines ~here were many more families scattered around up there. Several houses.Burwell was a remarkable man. There's no question about it. He was aggressive and if he walked on toes he's the type that would have apologized for walking on somebody's toes, but he was still aggressive. The fact of the matter is he and Dad made a wonderful combination. My dad told me this many, many times that he was the break in the balance wheel for Burwell. Burwell was the aggressive one. Dad was the methodical, smooth-off-the-rough-spots type man. Theymade an excellent combination in the period from 1936 to when they both left Union Carbide in 1947.Did your dad retire?WH: MH: CE:MH:WH:CE:WH: Yes. Dad retired.28
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1CE: WH:Burwell did not.No, Burwell did not, no. What happened was that Dad and Burwell and Mr. Van Fleet, who was president of US Vanadium during this time, were very close, worked together. Then Fleet was powerful enough that the three of them held the balance of power, and VanFleet died and Dad retired about this time, it left Burwell in a very vulnerable position because Burwell wasn't overly popular in New York and consequently the other power struggle in there just swamped Burwell. It was just a matter of him being ousted and it left Burwell a little bit bitter.That became apparent during those trials.Right.I never did ever read any material on the trials, I was always real interested in that.It was that Burwell put me in my position of supervising engineer, the Army contract, Manhattan district and to a certain extent--this is a little bit typical of the type of man Burwell was. Now Iworked in the pilot plant to gain the experience that I needed for the operation of these mills, and in one particular step we had a filtering step and the filters that they originally started out with in the pilot plant they discarded. When it came time toCE: WH: MH:WH:29
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1build the mills and so on this was the first thing that happened to me. I had no idea this was coming. This was about the fifteenth of May and our oldest boy had been born the twelfth of May and I had taken Marge up to Delta so she could be at her home, you know, so we could be near the hospital. About the fifteenth of May I got a call from the Grand Junction office saying they wanted to see me and Bill Shoulder, the research chemist, to come to Grand Junction. That's all that was said. Well, I was smart enough to put on my suit. I put my toothbrush and my shaving kit in my pocket and came to Grand Junction thinking I'd be back the next day. I never say Uravan for about four weeks after that. I came to town and he said I was supervising engineer and taking over as the head and I picked up the blueprints and got the funding of status, how these plants were, where theywere, and their status of construction. One of the first things I noticed was this filter, and I grabbed it, went into Burwell's office and said, "Blair, gosh, this isn't the filter now that's supposed to be in these plants." "Why, the heck it isn't!" This isthe way it was, and this is the way it was going to be. Well, I had to dig around and find out what had happened because I knew they discarded those filters30
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1in the pilot plant. But Burwell was the type, he scared me. There wasn't any question about it. But he scared just everybody that was under some way or another. Well, a lot of these fellows, and one of them could be classified as Jack Robson who at that time was superintendent there at the Uravan mill.CE: He's in Oklahoma City now, isn't he?WH: Right. He's vice president of Kerr-McGee I guess, incharge of uranium operations. Jack could argue and talk to Burwell real well, but lots of times he didn't get anyplace. So Jack was the type, he'd just bypass it and go do it if he wanted and if it ever came up he'd hope he could talk Burwell out of it. Well, this is what had happened on these filters. Jack had just quietly bypassed them and gone and put another piece of equipment in and hadn't gotten around to explaining the difference to Burwell yet, so this happened quite frequently. I saw this happen there and I've seen it happen at Bishop and at LasVegas, Nevada too.MH: Well, Burwell was just a doer. I mean he, "Let's getthings done." He was a real--WH: But in later years the minerals operation--of courseRay Sullivan is this same type, aggresive and "Do it now and see what the consequences are," you know, and31
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1sometimes it's not so good. But this is finally what caused Dad to get out of Minerals anyhow. Dad says, "I can handle Burwell or I can handle Sullivan, but," he says, "I can't handle the two of them together." He says, "I'm too old for that." So he finally in 1954 just decided that it was just no longer worth his health to try and--I thought the article they had on Mr. Burwell when he passed away that he was "Mr. Uranium" was a good tribute to him because he certainly had worked a lifetime.Yes, he had. There isn't any question about it.MH:WH: CE:WH: MH: WH:And he did see the value of uranium long before many people did, didn't he?Yes.Together with Mr. Haldane, I think.Yeah, but actually definitely Burwell saw the value of the Uravan Mineral Belt area because when he was superintendent up at Rifle, the Rifle plant, the vanadium plant, Burwell was the one that went into the Uravan area, sampled, and wrote up the report and promoted to USV or Union Carbide. Even in my early days around I'd go and look at some of these properties around, and here were the sample areas and this is what Burwell had done. Burwell had done the32
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1groundwork and the promotion on this and he knew it and he knew it real well.CE: Was he also responsible for changing the AEC's mind? You mentioned that you were influential in that area. Apparently, despite the fact that Union Carbide had worked with the Army engineers in getting the initial uranium for the initial use, Union Carbide apparently didn't think that uranium would have any domestic use because they shut down Uravan from '45 to '48 until the AEC decided to promote it. In any event then there wasn't much assurance that there would be a lot of uranium on the plateau.WH: I think this is more of a matter--! think there is a little bit of truth in the fact that USV or Union Carbide probably didn't have the full knowledge of the potential. I think this is partly true, but I think the other thing is vanadium has always been anup and down metal. There's been over-production and this is exactly what happened in '43 was an over- production of many--they had by the time, one year of the Metals Reserve program in 1 42 and 1 43 there was vanadium coming out the ears of everybody. VCA and USV and the government, and at this time the millswere all set up as vanadium mills and uranium was the byproduct. Consequently the conversion to the uranium33
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1program was something that took time and digestion of various personnel. I think there's more of a case of a soft vanadium market then it was not realizing the full potential of uranium. But USV, even their attitude was not unique in all this. This is the one thing that killed Vanadium Corporation of America. Denny Vowles, who was a man that kept VCA going for years, was fairly convinced that by 1960 the uranium program would be absolutely nothing and therefore he didn't explore, develop or anything other, of his company mines. He just took what was available and this was it. VCA had an excellent chance of being on a par. They had a better chance than Carbide did of being the top producer and the top property holder in the area but they just didn't have the foresight.CE: I understand that Vowles was a personality very similar to Burwell's.WH: Yes, quite similar. I didn't know Denny too awfully well. My acquaintanceship with him was strictly on a social basis. I never did too much with Denny. But he was a little bit this way. Aggressive in his own right. I don't think he was as well-rounded a man as Burwell. But he did the same job for his company thatBurwell did for US Vanadium.MH: Well, Burwell had lots, so many odds to cope with, I34
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1thought as far as New York was concerned, there was always a conflict with the accounting department. They wanted things done and just such a precise basis and Burwell wanted to get them done; they had to be done, and so he was always at odds with many of the New York accounting people.CE:WH: CE: WH:CE:WH:CE: WH: CE: WH:Do you want to talk about--did your dad have a Ph.D.? Is that why he's called Dr. Haldane?No.Is that a nickname, Doc Haldane?No, he was given an honorary Doctor of Science Degree by Denver University in 1914.And he then is Dr. Haldane, properly addressed. Do you want to talk about Dr. Haldane?Well, I think--yes, I'll make a few comments. As far as it goes we have a bibliography of him here that-- All of that?No, just--Oh, this is an encyclopedia of--?-- I see.Right. Dad started teaching at Colorado School of Mines in 1900 and he got interested in radium and its associated products shortly after three packhorse trips he made into what is now the little community of Slick Rock. In the summer of 1906 he took horses and a covered wagon into the Meeker vanadium, uranium35
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1deposits, carnotite deposits, and there are Colorado geological books, I think with Dad's reports in them, but we have a copy that was misplaced. I don't know where it is right now. At least I've seen copies. We might not have had one. I've seen copies of thesereports and so on. Then also this is one of these patents, he and Dr. Flake, and I'm fairly certain in my mind that they also got some basic patents in about 1908 or 1910. In the few minutes I took today to try to run them down in the files I haven't been able to come across it. But I 'm sure he had other patents. In fact that referred to two numbers that I'm sure referred to their earlier patents on the extraction of vanadium, uranium, and radium from carnotite-type ore.CE: And the like. That leaves it wide open, doesn't it? The art of extracting metallic values from ores concentrate and the like. I'll bet they're more specific now.WH: Well, no. Well, I don't know. I'm not too familiar with patents. However in this it says something on that same vein and that it goes on to say while this improvement is particularly applicable to the recovery of uranium, vanadium, radium and othervalues from carnotite bearing ores, concentrates and 36
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1the like, it will be understood that the underlying principle is applicable to the treatment of any substance and etc., etc.CE: What are some of these other clippings about?WH:CE: WH: MH: WH:CE: WH:CE:Oh basically these, these are the uranium, I mean the Uranium Ore Producers Association. For instance, this was our--that 1954 exposition that we had and--Is that group still organized?No, no.Aren't they reorganizing?Well, there's--what do they call themselves? The W estern Uranium A ssociation has recently been organized within the last six months, and--T ell me about the boom years.If you want to know about the boom years, just read this stuff that I have here. Boy it's a--You know there's very little information available on the radium, vanadium or uranium eras as far as a lot of technical information is concerned. It's very general. There's more information available about the boom years because people have realized now the significance of writing history of this period, but much of it is fictionalized and as a result we are unable often to determine which is fiction and which is fact.37
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1WH: Well, you know the thing that I regret, the man thathad the best knowledge of the uranium picture overall was Joe Weston, and Joe was one of these types of fellows--well, he was county commissioner of San Juan County, Utah, at the time of the last Indian uprising down there at Bluff and he financed the posse that eventually got the Indian insurrectionists. But Joe has so many stories and I kept them in mind for a period of time and I kept thinking, "Well, if I ever get a few minutes, a few days I'm going to sit down and I'm going to write this up, you know." Well, nowI've forgotten the stories and-- CE: That's too bad.WH: And I regret very much that this is the case.MH: This is a real good book on this thing. But none ofthese would I part with except just on loan.CE: You know, we've been trying to find--there's one copy available of that in Southern California I think, andtwo or three of the students were able to read it, but it couldn't be passed out to all 15 of us. We read about 15 books and about this much material.MH: She sent this to Dad because he helped, I mean he gave her some of the information on it and--CE: My prof, used this as a resource but he said that a lot of this is--38
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1MH: Is just fictional.CE: Well, he said that much of it is not accurate and hesaid it's done in a journalistic style often toosuccinctly. Uranium Country, Kathleen Brewen.MH: It seems to me there was another one at that time butI can't--WH: See, this was our original reorganization statement. CE: Some of these don't have dates, you know.WH: I've tried to date most of them. Either I've left thedate on them or tried, but there were a few that gotby without having dates on them.CE: One of the women in our group is looking for names ofindependent miners and prospectors. You wouldprobably be a logical person to get those from. WH: I sure knew them all at one time.MH: All of them were listed in the DOPA packet.CE: What's the date of this now?MH: Well, that wasn't the first one.CE: '53.MH: That was published, or is it? WH: Yeah.MH: Is that the first copy?WH: Yeah.CE: Is there a more recent publication? WH: N o .39
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1MH: How long did it go?WH: About a year; it went about a year, maybe 14 monthslonger.MH: But you know there's a fellow here in town that has alot of this information, Mr. Wickham. He was trying to get a set of these DOPA books for Mesa College. Have you ever contacted him? Then I was wondering about Harry Brown as far as uranium was, you know his dad.WH: Well, Harry's one of the old timers.MH: Harry was, he went in Uravan in '36, but his dad wasinterested in the mill at Gateway that Thurberstarted. When was that? That was before Uravan.CE: I want to ask you about some questions regarding Uravan if you'11 allow me to. Joe Hawkins gave methis copy of this Empire, part of the Denver Post, '52, so I do have this. We have--our microfilm, the copy of all the issues of the Grand Junction Daily Sentinel dating back to the eighteen hundreds andI've read-- MR: You do?CE: Yes, we got that as part of the project. The two schools, Cal State and the University of Utah have spent almost $20,000 on this project just to pay our expenses and to buy the materials necessary, to40
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1demonstrate how very important these two schools think our work is. $20,000 doesn't sound like very much if you apply it to a bank's finances or a company's, but for two schools to think so highly andMH:CE: MH: WH: MH: CE: MH: WH:significantly of a project such as this is a demonstration that they think it's very important and that our conversation with people such as you is very important. I want to know about Uravan. In the '30s and '40s when you were there, for instance, the type of housing in which you lived and the rent you paid and the sanitation facilities you had, the utilities, where they came from.Well, they had their own power plant there, right next to the office. They had the power plant. We had our own water system that was very muddy at times. Where did the water come from?out of the river, the San Miguel, I believe. Yeah.Yeah, the San Miguel.How was it pumped up?I don't remember where they had their settling or-- When we first got there, that one you know above the office where they made that underground storage there, that was the one that serviced the camp and the mill at that time. Then about the time we left41
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1there they dug the one on the other side in the sandstone up there. But that one never could seal. That one leaked on them and they never could seal it.CE: Now are you talking about wells?WH: No, no they're just underground caverns.MH: Storage tanks.WH: Yeah, underground caves that they made by hand in theEntrada formation, Slick Rock formation. They justdug a hole and pumped the water in there and--CE: Where'd they get the water from--from the river andthey pumped it into this? WH: Uh huh.CE: But there was no purifying system. WH: No.CE: You just drank the river water.WH: That didn't disturb you apparently. MH: Well, and we had--no.CE: No one was sick as a result of it?MH: They didn't have any epidemics down there or--CE: Where were they putting the sewage?MH: Into the river. Well, I really think it was.[Laughing]WH: I'm sure it was.MH: I think so, but it was beyond where we lived. It was beyond the Club Ranch. I don't know where it went42
 WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1 into the river for sure.WH: I don't remember.MH: But I remember when we went there they were justfinishing the old maid's home, and of course they didn't have the pipes, a lot of pipes buried very deep, and every morning we'd get up--see I got there in January and we had below zero weather for a long time. I never had my galoshes, overshoes off for three months. I swear I had ridges on the back of my legs from wearing these because we had just cinder paths to walk on and these water pipes would freeze up and so we'd get up and start the fire and couldn't start the fire because we had the water jackets on the stove to heat the water, heated the water through your kitchen stove, you know.[END OF FIRST HALF OF INTERVIEW]43
 WH:MH: CE:MH:CE: MH:I think the reason the old maids were not so old maidish was that--I know I used to take out your cinders and your clinkers and ashes from your stove every night, bring the coal in for them.Yeah. We had to have lots of help.I'll bet you were an 18 year old or 19 year-old old maid anyhow, weren't you?Well, about that. [Laughing]. But I was down there five years.Working in the office?Uh huh, but it really was very enjoyable. I just think all of the people, most of it--it's funny how everyone toured all over the country, but not many of them are back to Grand Junction that were in UravanFOLLOWING WILLIAM OF THEI S P ART TWO OF AN INTER VIEW WITH MR. AND EVERETT HALDANE, ON AUGUST 4 , 1 9 7 0 . T H I S I STHEMRS.PARTJUNCTION, COLORADO. THE INTERVIEWER I S CLARE ENGLE.]URANIUM INDUSTRYPROJECT. [ TAPE #1 . GRANDwhen we were there, many, many of them. CE: What were the general living conditions? WH: They were pretty good.MH: Well, yes they were, they really were really good, and we had--our commissary had very good food for us, we always could get fresh vegetables. The meat was good.CE: And it was adequately supplied? 44
 MR. MH:WH:AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1Yes. Jerry Foster was the commissary manager. He was just tops. One of those--The summer of '39 my roommate at Mines was Earl Murray whose folks had come from Telluride and his dad was mine superintendent up in the Long Park area. Earl and I with an old fellow named Ed Plant, we got a lease on one of the company mines up in LongPark. Earl and I just watched out in the tent although Ed Fine's wife cooked our evening meals for us. We did pretty well on the lease, but the company shouldn't let us make more money than their foreman up, that the company mines was making, which is approximately $300 a month at that time.Which was quite a lot of money.Which was quite a lot of money, but Earl and I had a gimmick. What we'd do to keep our checks down, we'd buy clothes and T-bone steaks and stuff from the commissary; of course this was all deducted from our check, and so our check may end up $285, but then we had $100 worth of clothes and had eaten real well with T-bone steaks and so on about half the time.No, I think the living conditions were really very[goodJ--outside of we didn't have furnaces. We had coal stoves and--oh, I guess the guest house and the superintendent's house had a furnace in it, but45CE: WH:MH:
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1everyone else their heat was just from a coal stove.CE:MH:Did you consider yourself isolated?Well, not really. My home was in Delta and I went home to Delta about every two weeks although I usually got sick going out over the windy roads between Delta and Naturita, or Uravan and Naturita. And the roads were under construction the whole timeI was down there, from Uravan to Montrose they were just continuously under construction. Norwood--Were you always conscious of the fact that the mill dominated the scene?No, I don't think that I did. Did you?No, actually I think everybody had the feeling of accomplishment there and we made our own entertainment. In the summertime everybody played softball. Then there was also baseball teams. But every department had a softball team. The office had one, Johnny Hi11 and I and the office members, the women had two or three teams. Long Park had a team or two and all summer long there was a continuous round of ball games. After the games a dozen of us wouldget together and down the river swimming. We'd go someplace and we made our own entertainment. We had no problems.CE:MH:WH:MH: I even learned to play bridge. I say learned--I 46
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1played bridge. I don't know that I ever really learned. It was kind of a must.CE: Was there a tent town there?WH: MH: CE: MH:CE: WH:Yes.Yes, there was.In which the miners lived?It was because of the flood--the miners lived. Well, it was more the mill workers, wasn't it?Yeah, why?Just people would come in and there was not housing available; there weren't enough houses available and so they'd just pitch a tent or put up a tarpaper shack and they'd work fine until a big flood came and washed them out. That was the night that I met her was the night of the flood.The night of the flood.Tell me about that.It was about, oh, July 10th, wasn't it?Of what?'37.And everybody was out. All the men had been called up to see that the plant didn't wash away. I can remember Mrs. Scowl being so unhappy because Tony had been sent some place and she just knew her house was going to be washed away and he was up taking care of47MH: CE: WH: CE: WH: MH:
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1the mill and left his wife and family there. It really wasn't that--WH: The water got hold of the front yard all right, but it didn't--MB: She lived right there by the swinging bridge that-- WH: The first or second house I think it was, second orthird.CE: Is the mill the same as it was back [then]?WH: Oh, pretty much the same, yeah.CE: It's kind of hanging down the hill.WH: Yeah, yeah. A lot of that they're not using now, theold roasters and so on, they're still sitting there. The old roaster building which they do not use, and a lot of their present uranium extractions up on top of the top, but again I kind of lost track of the expansions of the mill in the last few years. But it was all strung down the hill at that time.CE: Were most of the people staff people there?MH: Well, the ones that we--there didn't seem to be any class distinction there, but I think most of thestaff people did live over in Block A and B. Well, the mill people were down in the next block, but there really was no--just seemed to be one big happy family. I think Mr. and Mrs. Haldane played a big part in keeping it this way. Mother and Dad were so48
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1real that it made everybody feel welcome there then. Oh, Dad was a little bit hard to know I guess for outsiders, but--WH: He got along well with the men. Dad was the type of fellow that people respected. I don't know if they necessarily liked him or anything, but they respected him because Dad was an aristocratic looking man and--CE:WH:CE:MH:You look very much like him. Now making that comparison, you really do. You've probably been told that before, haven't you?I guess that blood came through someplace along the line. It didn't come through on the brains.Oh well. Were there many poor people then? That was of course during the Depression. Were there many poor people in Uravan?No, I don't think that there were an excess of poor people because all that were there were on the payroll. They were all--there were some that came in there pretty destitute, but they were working. Ithink a lot of the leasers, they were always in to borrow money. I can remember, Mr. Haldane's office. They had to have a little more money for a grubstake.CE: You didn't have, according to that picture, many trees or much aesthetic value then, did you?49
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1MH: N o .CE: But you didn't mind that?MH: No, we all had a lawn to take care of. They did plantthe lawn, but there were no trees.WH: They had the trees planted but they were just littleones.CE: Standard Chemical Company hadn't built any houses hadthey? They had just built that boarding house andthen the mill, is that right?MH: There were a few there.WH: Let's see, there were a few there when--when I firstgot to Uravan the 22nd of June, 1936, I stayed in a tent right beside that old boarding house. We had a tent set up out there, another fellow, and we stayed in that.MH: They used to have some--well, they finally had a picture show. I don't ever recall seeing many shows. I think it was about the time I was leaving there when they finally got the theatre set up, but they had many dances.WH: Well, Johnny Hill ran the theatre you know, or was that after we left? It might have been after we left.CE: He did mention that he learned to run a projector.MH: Did he? Well, then he--CE: I'm interested in knowing what mines were worked then50
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1and what were the most lucrative mines. Do you remember?Well, after they got the mill in operation which was the latter part of 1 36 or early '37 the mill actually existed on dumps and on the Club Mesa and Long Park, but they started developing some of the mines. The first one they started developing was the Rambler Mine which is on up Club Mesa, right above Uravan. They were shipping--! worked in there in the summer of '37, broke in on a jackhammer and also on the end of a good muck stick.No ventilation. No ventilation.No, well, we were close enough to the surface. We weren't far underground on it.I remember going up one night with you after supper to see how this ground broke as they drilled a round.WH:CE: WH:MH:WH:CE: WH:It scares me to think about that.I drilled a round and I couldn't wait till the next day to go see what it looked like after I shot it, so I took her up and we went in underground.You say you shot it.Dynamite, blasted it. Oh, I don't know. Of course I fought ventilation in mines clear up until 1960.CE: Opposed it you mean? Or you fought for it?WH: No, fought bad air and lack of ventilation in some51
 MR. AND MRS . WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1properties clear up until 1960, but we were close enough to the surface that, at least on the Club there. I think the deepest part of the mines then were only 35, 40 feet underground, and to get ventilation they'd raise up to the surface every oncein a while and then we'd get a natural ventilation. MH: What about the Dolores group? Weren't they whatproduced--?WH: Yeah, the Delores group was also started developmentin that '37, '38 period. Then of course several of the mines up in Long Park and then in this time too started their diamond drilling program. That's when Johnny Johnson had a couple of drill rigs up there and they kept that going.CE: When was this now?WH: This would be in the late '30s.CE: Really?WH: Uh huh.CE: You didn't have children in the schools while youwere there? WH: N o .MH: We weren't married then yet.WH: We got married in '41. In fact, we had our 29th[anniversary, not child] just the day before yesterday.52
 MR. CE: WH: CE:MH:AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1Congratulations.Thank you.That's quite an accomplishment I think. The longer I'm married the more I realize that.Well, I don't know which years were the hardest. I didn't really realize that the first ones were. I really feel now though that it was good to be down in Uravan during the single age more so then after we were married--I don't think I would have liked it. I was there for a little while, but just for about six months was it before our boy was born?Is that why, because you wouldn't have wanted to raise your children there?Yes, I think they wouldn't have had all the advantages. But maybe this is wrong too, but I think maybe I had just enough years that I was ready to be out among people more.Because you did see the same people over and over. Yeah, there was no variation. You didn't--there were a lot of things you didn't get done, then when you're not married you can get out and go to Denver and not be tied down like they--I never remember many of thewives though getting cabin fever or really cracking up down there like they might today.Do you think that Union Carbide was a good landlord?53CE:MH:CE: MH:CE:
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1 MH: Yes, I think so.CE:WH: MH:People generally were satisfied with the maintenance of their homes and the facilities that were provided? Oh yeah.I think so. I remember though Dr. Olson's wife wanting this extra room put on her house. Mr. Haldane gave her a terrible time over that. Here Dr. and Bess struggled all those years down there and then when they got out to Grand Junction where things were easier then they separated.This was Olson?Uh huh.One of the physicians down there was killed in a plane accident, wasn't he?Helen Bringer was with him, but was he the doctor there? I guess he was. This was while Hopkins was there. We weren't there at the time, but Dr. Mary Moore was--you know, have you talked to her? She should be a good one. I would 1ike to hear herversion on this because we weren't there when Dr.CE: MH: CE:MH:Mary was there, just a short time.CE: She was there during the year of 1943 she said.WH: I guess that's when I was down there spending my timein the staff office.MH: That's--uh huh, because you played bridge with her,54
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1because I had come home to have Bill I guess. But--CE:MH: CE:MH:CE:MH: CE:WH: MH:CE:And while you were there the company owned everything? They didn't lease out any of the facilities?No.Who was the city manager so to speak? Who took care of the problems of the people in the houses or problems that the workers might have?Well, they didn't delegate much authority. I think it was Jerry Foster, Mr. Haldane, and Dick Morris. They were kind of----the city managers, because there was no government of any kind, was there?No.Were you concerned with politics? Did people take any interest in politics?Oh yes. Jerry Foster was in the state legislature. Yeah, he was a Democrat. Of course then he had Burwell and Mr. Haldane to cope with on the Republican side. But--Was it kind of just equally divided or were there more Democrats than Republicans?I'd say there were more Democrats than Republicans.WH:MH: Yes, I think so.CE: This is generally true in company towns because there55
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1is a large proportion of laboring class people. You probably know this, but in my studies of company towns I've run into this statistic which didn't surprise me too much, but I have heard from someone else that it was equally divided. But I didn't know, you know, whether that was so or not and I kind of would like to get a concensus because the more people to talk with the more your realize there isn't a concensus about these things, which will make it much more difficult to write about. What about the unions?WH: Well, when I was assistant, assistant mill superintendent there at the pilot plant, there were some that were beginning to agitate and start organizing. Smokey Kessler, and I remember Smokey because we used to play on the baseball team together and there was union agitation, or organizing agitation, but I wasn't, other than that one timewith Smokey I wasn't concerned with any of it.CE: Is he still there?WH: No, I don't know--why, I don't have any idea whathappened to Smokey. I haven't heard from him for many, many years. However, when I was first in the office down here in Junction on the Army contract we had a fellow come in from the National Labor Relations Board, and boy talk about an outright crank56
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1organizer, this guy was. He came in to see me and I said, "This is classified industry, and I can't tell you a darn thing about it." He said, "Well, we're going to organize you and it's going to be organized right away." Well, he never did do it.CE: Was this the miners now?WH: Now this would have been on these government plans.This was what he came in, he said, "These government plans have go to be organized and we're going to organize you right away," but they didn't. I would assume a lot of it would be because of the security regulations that they j ust--somebody put some pressure on him someplace.CE: Why would the National Labor Relations Board man do that?WH: This has always been a question I've wanted to know. I've always wanted to know this.CE: They're mediators, aren't they?WH: This is the way, but this guy, he looked like--you'veseen that wrestler, what do they call him, the Angel of something like that? This looked just like him, big tough, rough and gruff and--CE: Did you have a police force?WH: Somebody was deputy. Jerry Foster I guess was deputysheriff.57
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1CE: He had a lot of jobs, didn't he? [Laugh]MH: Oh, he did and he was tremendous.CE: Did you have any problem with crime?WH: No, none whatsoever.MH: Nothing. You know when I was in school in Denver Iwas living in--or after I finished school I had a job and was living in an apartment and I woke up one morning with a Negro in our apartment. I had to leave Denver. I was so frightened I just could not sleep at night. My next job was down at Uravan and we never locked a door. We just never worried about anything down there really, but I suppose after the first ten years--WH: The only crime we had--and I was involved in this-- was a Christmas vacation I believe and I always went to work on any vacation. They put me to work doing something, either running a jackhammer up in the mine or something. This particular time they had two ponds of some kind of material. I think it was a uranium precipitate that they put out and they wanted these ponds measured and they gave me a young kid to helpme. I was--we built snowshoe type things to wear out on these ponds because they were too soft to walk on without some help. About ten o'clock in the morning here came 17 game wardens into the office at Uravan.58
 MR. CE: WH:AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1Seventeen?!Seventeen of them. What happened was they had come in to make a surprise raid on Uravan and Long Park and Club Mesa for illegal venison. But one of the vehicles they had had a flat tire about five miles out of Uravan and Marge was coming home with a fellow that was then superintendent, Al Coleman, from the weekend. This was a Monday morning. These 17 game wardens came in and they went into Marge's boss, Dick Morris and Dick would say, "Well, fellows," this was during the war; this was I guess the Christmas of'41. War had just been declared and he's saying, "You know this is a war industry, and I want to cooperate with you fellows, but you'll have to have passes to get everyplace, you know." So by the time he gave his pass book out then something would happen. He'd knock his pencil off on the floor, his passbook on the floor and he stalled these guys for about two hours in getting this out, and about this time Al Coleman comes in and Marge and Al helped stall them, you know, saying, "We'd like to cooperate, but we don't like this type of business of you corning in and raiding us this way." Well, by this time the word was going out all over the place, you know. This youngkid that was working for me says, "My God," he says, 59
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1"I 've got to get home, " he says, "I 've got to get home." So I said, "Don't be obvious about it, but when you get a chance, scoot off."Did they go to the houses and check?Yes, they picked up about a half a dozen people, two or three of them on their way into Uravan and then finally left Uravan and the raid was over, because they couldn't get anyplace to install one. They went up on the back road to Nucla from--that goes up the back road. They stopped at two or three places there and caught two or three people.Nobody in Uravan.But nobody in Uravan or Club or Long Park.The funniest one that I heard was that this man had one hanging in his--I don't know, outside somewhere and he put his wife in bed and put the meat in beside her, covered her with the blankets so that they didn't get that one.They didn't get that one but-- That was the funniest one.CE: WH:CE: WH: MH:WH:MH:WH: I'll betcha there was thousands of pounds of venisonthat went down the river, boy.CE: Is that what they did with them?WH: Yeah, they just dumped it down the river.MH: I don't think they really got rid of it. They hid it, 60
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE #1like this man putting it in bed with his wife. He had a sick wife he said.WH: Yeah.MH: That was the funniest one. We laughed about that one. WH: That's the only crime that I can recall rightoffhand.MH: No sir, I never remember any of the homes beingbroken into or the commissary being--well I, it seemed to me something did happen after we left at the commissary, I believe somebody did break into it but it wasn¥t--WH: They used to have fights up in Naturita. Guys would come home beat to a bloody pulp.CE: Well, I'm just about out of tape. Is there anything that you want to contribute, Mr. Haldane, before we conclude this? You've made a marvellous contribution already and I really appreciate that.MH: This is all strictly our opinions on these things, you know.WH: Yeah.CE: That's what history is, you know.WH: Well, I've had the feeling for the small miner eversince my early Uravan days and I carried it on to the Uranium Ore Producers and even very recently I've been quoted in some type of a publication or other61
 MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM EVERETT HALDANE # 1complaining about the demise or potential demise of the Uravan Mineral Belt. I don't believe that I can think of any great thing right at the present moment.CE: Well, I want to thank you both. It's been a wonderful afternoon. I appreciate your having invited me into your home.MH: Thank you. It's been nice visiting with you. [END OF INTERVIEW]62
 