 RALPH AND LOUIS FOSSA T Price, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project No. 11May 4, 1982American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSATMAY 4, 1982Table of Contents Ralph's Background InformationFamily Bakery Business in Helper Louis's Background Information Ralph and Louis's Marriage Eugene's Mining AccidentRalph's Job as a Tipper Mechanic1953 Mine Closure .Feelings about the Mining CampsProblems with The Company Store .Ralph's Work in California during The Depression17 12 25 30 37 . 47 55 57 . 61
 THIS I S AN INTERVIEW WITH RALPH AND LOUIS FOSSAT I N P RICE, UTAH ON MAY 4, 1982. MY NAME IS NANCY TANIGUCHI. THIS IS FOR THE CARBON COUNTY COAL MINE ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.NT: Fossat is spelled, F-0-S-S-A-T, and the name used to be Fossati, originally the family was from northern Italy. Both Fossats, Ralph and Louis, have lived in Carbon County almost all of their lives.LF: ...to the door hurry and shut it off.NT: Oh yes I can or if you want to think or anything I canshut it off anytime, there's no problem. Now since I've got the two of you here, I think first we're going to have to talk about your childhoods and you know, what you did and then after your marriage together. (Chuckle) That seems the only logical way. So Ralph you said you were born in Helper, is that right?RF: Yes, I was born in Helper.NT: When were you born?RF: 1918.NT: What were your folks doing there?RF: Uh, they run a grocery store in Helper. NT: Oh they did?RF: Yes, they run Fossat's Market, a bakery there in Helper. I baked there before I went to work in the mine at Peerless.NT: Oh really?LF: Stop it a second.NT: Okay. (Break) Well now tell me how your folks carne to be
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 in Helper?RF:NT:RF:NT: RF:LF: RF: LF: RF: LF:NT: RF: LF: RF:NT:Well my dad now, he worked in the mines in Wyoming and he worked in the mines at Sunnyside and he would tell us about the strikes and so on in 1922 and that there but they both came over from Italy and settled in Wyoming. Oh really?Yes, then from Wyoming they took and bought a farm and went up into Roy, Utah and them from Roy, Utah they came back and started a grocery store and a bakery shop in Helper.When did they get to Helper?Oh that was in the early 1920s, well, a little earlier than that.All right, who was the first child born here?The first one married in the Helper--No, who was the first child?Ernest.Okay and he is the first child buried in the Helper Cemetery.Oh really?First child buried there.First burial wasn't it?Yes, first burial in the Helper cemetery, first listed burial in the Helper cemetery.When was he born?2
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 RF: I don't remember the date, do you?LF: No. I got it in my genealogy but I don't have that but Icould verify it for you.NT: Well, I could check the cemetery too.RF:NT: RF: LF: NT: RF: NT: LF: RF:LF:NT:RF:LF: RF:Oh yes.So what part of Italy were your parents from?The northern part of Italy.Turin.Was that the town they were from?Pardon.What town were they from?Gee, we got pictures of it too.Turin.No, Turin is the area, like a county in Kemmont, it'scalled Kemmont and that's all in north Italy.I see. What made your parents leave Italy and come over here to Wyoming of all places?Well, they never really did relate to us why they came over here. Really, they never did give us any reason for coming over.Papa did, because of religion.Well, they were persecuted when they were in France and from France they took and went into Germany and from Germany from Italy into Switzerland, which we still have relation over there in Switzerland and in Italy today,3
 MAY 4, 1982 you see. As a matter of fact, my boys, when they were in the service over there [they] went over there to see some of my relations that were over there in Italy. And we had some that just moved back here into the States fromSwitzerland that were over there.NT: What religion were they?RF: Well, there was Protestant. There was Protestant andCatholic and now my folks were Catholic and most of the Fossats over there were Protestants and Catholic and they lived on each side of the mountain and they never spoke to one another. There was friction between them and they never mingled with one another, and it's that way today over there. It's odd but my boy says it's that way today over there, that they still have their differences in their religion and they don't take to mingle with one another.NT: And that's even within your own family?RF: Within our own family.NT: So you're part of the family that was the Catholic?RF: Yes, but now in our family now, half are Catholic andhalf are Mormon you see. My dad studied to be a priest and when he found out what they were doing out there he didn't 1ike the idea of their doings and so he just reversed and let us take and choose our own religion you see. So that's the way it is with our family, we've goneRALPH AND L OIS FOSSA T4
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 our own way, you see. We weren't forced, I should say, to any religion; we weren't forced to go to this church or that church. My folks mingled with the public so many years and we were in a Mormon community and we chased with the Mormon children and everything and I married a Mormon women. That's just the way it was with our family. Now half are still in the belief of the Mormon religionand half still are Catholics see.NT: Yes. So when your folks got down here to Helper andopened up the bakery, then where you working in thebakery as a young boy?RF: Yes, as a matter of fact my daily chores after school wasto see that the shop was all cleaned up and ready to go and the wood was all chopped for the shop for the fire place to heat the oven and so on and that there. You see at the time, we burned nothing but wood in our furnaces for our bakeries see and it was cleaner for us to burn that then it was coal, because we didn't have the soot and that to contend with. We had an oven that was a brick lined oven completely, bottom and top, which was heated with the furnaces' air and it was all twelve by twelve fire brick, everything was cooked on, all the bread and everything was cooked on that you see. French bread, you've never seen anyone in this county or in this country that ever made french bread like we did. French5
 R A L P HA ND L O I S F O S S A TMAY 4, 1982 bread to be made right has to be made with steam pressure put into the oven when bread is put into the oven to makeit flaky. And we were the only ones within the county, the state or anywhere else that I've known that ever did that.LF: May I inject something here?NT: Sure.LF: Tell them about having your delivery wagons go out to thedifferent towns and taking the orders and corning back andordering them.RF: They used to take and go into every camp and town anddeliver all their groceries and then take orders and deliver them. I can remember right today where they had the big wicker baskets that they use to take a load of bread in there and take and go out. When it first started out you use to go out with a horse and wagon and deliver you see, but they went to every camp up here. Then it got, well it was in the wine making days when my dad was the only one in the county that ever ordered grapes in here by the carloads and he would get from four to five carloads of wine a year and then deliver it to all the all of the communities. Of course, you know, at that time everybody was making wine you see. The flour was the same way, we had one of the leading grocery stores in the county at one time there and we use to buy our flour by6
 R A L P H A ND L O I S F O S S A TMAY 4, 1982the carloads.NT: Where did you get the flour from?RF: Well, they ship it in by the carloads from back east. NT: Oh really?RF: Yes, they ship it in by the carloads and we had a fullLF: RF: LF: RF:basement where we used to carry maybe oh, a 150 tons of flour on stock at all times. We always had that much flour on stock you see. We were the only ones that I can remember of ever distributing flour around here to most of the bakeries. As a matter of fact my dad took and started most of the bakers and broke most of the bakers in the county here at the time. Then they broke away and started their own bakeries you see. Now, there is one man in Helper yet, Mr. Reketa, that worked under my dad and my dad taught him how to bake and he went onto his own and then he had a friend of his, the best man that worked for him.Pete, what was his name?Campadell.Pete Campadell.Pete Campadell, he broke him in as a baker and then eventually he broke off and started his own bakery you see. But my dad broke in most of the bakers when they first started in the county here when things were barely going you see.7
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 NT: Did you help to make the deliveries?RF: No, I was too young then, I just delivered the money tothe bank. (Laughter)NT: Who did you bank with?RF: The Helper City Bank. But after I started baking there,it was years later that my older brother was doing all of the baking but then he went to school in San Francisco to learn cake decorating and took up baking. Then I took over the baking at the bakers shop you see. We had a grocery store with a meat shop and dry goods and every- thing like that, it was all combined at one big store at the time, you see.NT: What is the name of your older brother?RF: Michael, Mike Fossat. Yes, he just passed away here thislast year. But then I started baking and things got rough in the 1930s and then I had to t stay home from school two days and sometimes three days from school in order to keep the business going there. That way I lost out on my schooling, you see.NT: When did you go into the mines?RF: Well, it was in 1943 that I first started mining and Ihad been at it now, I had up until seven years ago when I had to retire. But I worked thirty-three years that I worked in and around the mines, you see. But I welded for most of my years in the mines. It just kind of burned me8
 R A L P HA ND L O I S F O S S A TMAY 4, 1982 up, I mean with all the fumes and that there it just kind of. The smoke and that just got to my lungs so bad that I got black lung from it you see, between that andworking in the mines.LF: He was never a miner per say, he was a mechanic and awelder.RF: But we lived at Peerless up there for eleven years. Theywere pleasant years in the camp up there. The only thing unpleasant about it, I guess would be that we had to pack our water, our drinking water. We had to carry our drinking water twice and three times a week. The water was so hard up there that you could almost cut it with an axe. (Laughter) You had to take and use. I can remember so well, we had took a shower, we had to use Drep soap in order to take a shower, the water was so hard. Our stoves we couldn't keep a water jacket in it, within maybe a month we had to take and replace them and take and replace them and take and put uratic acid in them or heat them where that water was so hard. But it was pleasant years. We spent eleven years, eleven pleasant years atPeerless, wasn't it honey.NT: Well Lois, since we've caught up with you now let's startback with where you were born?LF: Well, I was born on September 26, 1924 in Spring Canyoneast of the Swinging Bridge, which is east of the main 9
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 road and just east of the store. I was born in a little two room shack at about six o'clock in the evening. The house of course doesn't stand there anymore. It's gone like everything else in my life, it's gone...RF: LF:Every camp.Except life itself. I remember not leaving there because we made several moves in between but we went up to Baker, Oregon for a short time and then we moved back to Consumers where we lived in a tent house. It was boards up so far and then there was the tent that of courselined the boards and then went over the boards and made the roof. Of course the stove in the center is what kept this whole thing going. Sometimes there were two stoves in a big tent. I remember we had the heater on one side of the chimney and the cook stove on the other side of the chimney. They had board floors and sometimes the linoleum would fairly float when the wind was blowing because it came up through the cracks in the boards underneath. But we lived there and then another time, we moved into a tar paper shack, a two room shack up there. Of course the closest was just a broom stick strung across--strung across the corner. I had a way of fixing broom 10Spring Canyon.RF:LF: No, this was Consumers. Then there was a broomstick
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 sticks, you know, two nails at the side and resting the broom stick on it and stringing a curtain over it. Well, that's all the closet we had.NT: Well, how old were you when you made these different moves?LF: Well gosh, out of forty-two moves it's hard to say. NT: You moved that often.LF: Oh yes, Dad never kept a job long.NT: What did he do?LF: Uh, he did a lot of mining.NT: In coal mining or hard rock or both?RF: Coal mining.LF: Coal mining. He started by tending horses up at SpringCanyon.NT: The mine horses?LF: Yes, tending the mine horses up there. That was when hewas just a child, I think he was only about eleven, tenor eleven when he started that job.NT: Do you have any idea what year that would have been,roughly?LF: That would be 1912 that he started there, I mean, that hestarted in at Spring Canyon. NT: Right.LF: Okay. Then while I was three we lived at Consumers. At four we went back to Castle Dale and Castle Dale was11
 R A L P HA ND L O I S F O S S A TMAY 4, 1982 always our stopping place in between jobs. You know, you worked during the winter and in the summer you went backto Castle Dale and grew a garden.And your mom?Emma, ever known as Berten Emma.Oh I see. They're from Castle Dale, did they own property down there?My grandmother owned a main quarter of the first block in Castle Dale.And what was your grandmother's name?Emma A nderson.Okay.And on that block she had three houses. She had the main house, which was used as a hospital at one time. She had the house that she, that Uncle Clarence built, where helived and then there was the little original house that was made out of a dolby that they lived in while they were building the big house. Of course we went back to the little house.Is that the adobe house or Uncle Clarence's? The adobe house.So what's your families name?NT:LF: My maiden name is Draper.NT: And what was your dad's name? LF: Herbert.NT: LF: NT:LF:NT: LF: NT: LF:NT: LF:12
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 NT: (Laughter)LF: Yes, that was always home between landings. Well then wewent back up to Consumers where we lived in this tent, the board tent house, I don't know what you would call it?NT: How old were you then?LF: I was three when we moved up there. I remember one time,NT: LF:my brother was up there and he was just a year old at the time and he was always trying to get away. So Mamma had tied his overalls, you know the little cross piece, with a rope to part of the steps so that he couldn't run away. Yes.When she got back out there, all she had left is the rope with a little pair of overalls hanging on. (Laughter) Of course, here was a little bear butted boy running around camp. But then from that house we moved over into Peerless into one of the duplex houses that they had there. That was pretty nifty, boy. That was a whole house, you know.(Laughter)Of course, there was someone else living on the other side of it but that was the whole house.All outside johns.Oh yes, we had an outside john. There we had two means of getting water, there is no piped-in water, there was theNT: LF:RF: LF:13
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 public, what would you call it, well?NT: Yes.LF: The water was brought down and we had to pump water.RF: From A lleganies.LF: No. This was a place where Peerless had behind, do youremember the warehouse shack, I mean the warehousebuilding? RF: Yes.LF: Okay. Just a little bit north of that about where Sampey's back house sat, was the old tap and we always went there for our daily water.RF: Oh yes, I remember that.LF: But for our other water, we always caught the train andwhen the train came up, it would idle over on the tracks and we would get our water from Helper by that train. It would let us empty out of its boiler to get the water for our other purposes, for our drinking purposes.NT: So drinking water you got off the train and wash water you got out of the tap?LF: Right, yes, nice huh?NT: Yes, (Laughter) a real nice deal.LF: Of course, all of the sewer and everything just ran outof course. If anybody was lucky enough to have a sink oryou just threw it out the door. NT: In the creek?14
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 LF: No, not in the creek, you just threw it.NT: LF:NT: LF:NT: LF:Into the street?Well, such as the streets were, yes, you just drove up in between houses and everybody threw their water out into and it kept the dust out.(Laughter) I guess so, I never thought of it.It was a very primitive way of living but it was really grand to us because this is the whole house you see. Yes.Then we moved over after we lived there. Of course Winkle Reed had a store there. Peerless was quite a town at the time, it had a store, a barber shop, amusement hall, and let's see, it didn't have a cafe as I recall but it did have some kind of a Japanese little tea shop or something down there, because I remember the great treasures that Daddy would bring to Mamma from down there at this little Japanese place because they bought gifts and things in that you could buy down there.What kind of stuff did he bring home?Well, there was a little lacquered box, I remember that was very pretty. Another time, I remember, Uncle Nelts got Auntie Irene a lamp shade that had beads hanging down it, all around, about seven or eight inches long. They were in a fringe kind of pattern, so that whenever a breeze blew in or anything here these pretty beadsNT: LF:15
 MAY 4, 1982 bounced around, it was really pretty. Then she had a little flask that was very pretty that he got for herdown there.NT: What was it made of? Was it ceramic?LF: I don't think they called it ceramic then, it was morebisque. NT: Yes.LF: That they used at the time or china or whatever it was that they had. But it was a thin opaque glass, it was painted, I mean it had the design and everything on it but you could almost see through it, it was so thin and light.RF: Purslane.LF: Yes, purslane would probably have been a better word forit, yes. Okay, then we moved over to Consumers where Istarted school at six and we lived in a house then. NT: Good.LF: It even had water in it.NT: W onderful. (Chuckle)LF: It had water in it and electricity.NT: My heavens.LF: Yes. We could turn our lights on by standing on thetable, you know and reaching up these drop ports that they had, but we had lights. (Chuckle) It was really nice. I started school up there, and this didn't lastRALPH AND L OIS FOSSA T16
 RALPHAND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4 , 1 9 8 2 long because the depression hit us and back to Castle Dale. We lived on biscuits and gravy and as soon as the radishes come out we had some radishes to go with it. But that hit us, the depression, really hit toehold on us I would say about February of that year. Fred Engritch had his trucking line and he always used to stop by our house, wherever we were. My mom asked him this one night and she said, "Have you got a full load of bread?" Hesaid, "No, why?" She said, "I want to move home." He said, "Make me a cup of coffee and we'11 do it kid." While she was making the coffee he was loading everything and Mom was packing everything and we were gone back to Castle Dale.So that's your mom's home in Castle Dale?NT:LF: More or less, yes.NT: And where was your dad's home?RF: (Giggle)LF: Let's don't talk about that. (Laughter)RF: Wherever he threw his hat. (Laughter)LF: Dad was just here and there, he was always with us butwhat I mean is Dad never did settle down to one place or one occupation, he was a boomer, that's what you would call him now. At the time he was just looking for work every time he turned around.NT: But where did he come from originally?17
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4 , 1 9 8 2 LF: Here.NT: Here where?LF: My grandparents immigrated to this country for theChurch, with the Church from A ustralia. NT: A ustralia?LF: A ustralia.NT: Where did they settle?LF: They settled here in Spring Canyon first off.NT: Were they mining?LF: Grandpa went into mining and up there, let's see, it'swhere the road separates to go to Standard and to upper Spring Canyon. In theY over there between the hill. In the Y there is a split in the railroad tracks. He had what they call a tent house and eventually he added a little tar paper room on it. They had a cow up there that Daddy had to herd while he was a little boy until he was old enough to go to work tending the horses.NT: So what's your father's parent's names?LF: Ah, let's see, Grandpa's name was John Henry and Grandm-a's name was Mary Jane Jennerick Draper.NT: Well, that's interesting. So where did they move to? Didthey stay up there in Spring Canyon?LF: No, they lived there until after my dad started workingthere. Dad worked for several years there and so did Grandpa. But Grandma had cataract surgery for her eyes18
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 and she went blind and she wanted to be somewhere that was more like England and Australia and so they moved up to Oregon.NT: I see.LF: Consequently they settled in Baker, Oregon and then DadNT: LF:NT:LF: RF: LF:NT: LF: RF: LF:worked in the lumber business for a few years and then he came back. I think it was two years, and then he came back here. That's when I went to school in Heiner. Of course, I never finished one whole class until I was in high school, in one school.You just moved all the time, huh?I was just always on the go; well I never knew where wewere going to be from one day to the next, it was just wherever Dad had a job and he just kept going.What kind of jobs did your father do other than tend the horses?Well, he went into mining, he finally became--Shop fire.A shop fire boss and he worked a lot on the outside, he had a great way of measuring by sight the amount of coal a person had.Really?Y es.The weighman.For a lot of the time he worked as what you would call a19
 MAY 4, 1982 weighman and if the scales weren't working or if they didn't have scales or anything he was hired. He was knownfor his ability to weigh coal by sight.NT: That's quite a talent.LF: So this is one of the things that he did.NT: Now when he was working as a weighman was he selected bythe company or by the miners, or both?LF: The company, he was always by the company. I remember aperiod of time, oh, it was when I was in junior high, that would be in the late 1930s. Dad came up and he lived in a little shack along the side of the tracks up there at Spring Canyon, but he had the scales then but he stayed there so that whenever a truck was coming in or going out he had a twenty-four hour a day job there where he weighted coal whenever they came in or went out. Then he worked up in the Emery County mines.NT: Which ones?LF: Well, they're not there anymore. The mines may be therebut they're not there by the same people. A Mr. Brandon use to have a mine there, George Brandon up Straight Canyon and then there was the Oliphant Mine, there was also, I think the Sitter Mine, was that it? Sitter or Scofield?NT: Where was the Oliphant Mine?LF: On the main branch of Joe's Valley, of Straight Canyon.RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT20
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4 , 1 9 8 2 Of course it's all torn down now. Now, you see the remains of that there but you don't see anything else. He was up there and there he weighted coal simply by sight. Hmmm.N T : LF:NT:LF:That's how it was taken out of Straight Canyon, was that way.So when he worked up there in Straight Canyon then I guess people knew about his reputation before they hired him or where they people your Mom knew?No, the men knew. You know what I mean, the coal opera- tors and like that, they knew of Daddies ability and it would kind of go around. This is probably one reason why he didn't have a hard time getting a job, you know, from time to time as he would ...D rift. (Laughter)I'm just at a lost for words because Dad was one that could do great things but he could not take orders, he could not take an order. He had to be his own boss and as soon as somebody tried to tell him how to do something, he was through and away we went.Who was it that owned the Oliphant Mine and the other one up there?I couldn't really be sure, George Brandon owned the one mine and wasn't it 1938 that Clyde said that he left down there?RF: LF:RF:LF:21
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 RF: Y es.LF: Clyde Brandon is back up at Joe's Valley now and he hasbuilt a summer home up there.NT: Oh.LF: They left in 1938 as I recall and he went down and wasNT: LF: NT: LF:NT: LF:NT: LF:NT: LF:NT:LF:working as a stage hand with studios. In Hollywood?In Hollywood.Oh my heavens.He worked there until about oh six or seven years ago. He has decorated his house up there beautifully with ideas that he got from there. It's definitely old style.Is George his father or his brother?George was his father and they lived there on the corner, up one block from my Grandmother in Castle Dale up there. Was your grandmother's home on Main Street there?Yes. My uncle built what they called the old Bank Building. He built it for a furniture store.I see.Then he heard about ground that was being homesteaded and he moved on, he sold--END OF SIDE ONE--Now you say that you operated the telephone office in Castle Dale when you were twelve?Nine.22
 R A L P H A ND L O I S F O S S A TMAY 4, 1982NT: When you were nine!?LF: From the time I was nine through my twelfth year.NT: Now at that time then--but you couldn't have stayed inCastle Dale all that time, you were still living there orwhere you moving around?LF: No, we stayed there then.NT: Oh you did.LF: You see when we left here from the depression we wentthere and then Mamma got this job with the telephone office and we stayed there until I was, let's see I was through the sixth grade. Then from there we moved back over here to Price and then we did serve again.NT: Right. So what did your mom do for the telephone company? LF: Well Mom ran the switchboard. We had the subscribers and Dad did the mechanical work and we just operated thetelephone company. RF: At her home.NT: At your home.LF: Well no, we had to move up into where the telephoneoffice was and live there. But from the time I was nine until I was twelve, I had my regular time at the switch- board and at times when Mom and Daddy would go out, oh like say, they would go to Salt Lake for two or three days, they would hire a girl to come and stay with us but I had to sit with the telephone all of the hours, all of23
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 the regular daylight hours, and of course as long as I was within shooting distance like the next room or something, I could move about but other then that I had to be right there with that telephone. But she took care of my two younger brothers and the house and I took care of the telephone.NT: When you were in the coal camps before you went to Castle Dale at that time, did your mother work?LF: No.NT: And after you came to Price what did your parents do? LF: Then Daddy went selling for Jewelty and from Jewelty hewent back to the mine when he got his shop fire papers. Then he, let's see he stayed there and then he moved to Vancouver and got his only long time job that he'd ever held.NT: What did he do in Vancouver?LF: Tested paper and he stayed there for over twenty years. NT: Did you and your mom go with him?LF: No, just Dad, I was married at that time.NT: I see. What did your Mom do then when you moved to Price? LF: Mom, she never did work after that shake up telephonejob.RF: The cafe.LF: Well, they opened that cafe in Helper but that was only for a year that they had that.24
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 NT: What cafe did they have in Helper?LF: Well, when George Hosanna, no. What was his name?RF: Fonzie.LF: No, George the cleaner.RF: Oh, George Amana.LF: Amana and his family, when they moved from downtown bythe theater they moved up next to Ralph's mother and dad. In that shop where they had been, they reopened the cafe known as the American Cafe and we were there a year.NT: What year?LF: 1942. No 1943, I take that back. It was 1943.RF: It was just before we got married?LF: And then they had that until after I was married. In themeantime I met and married Ralph. NT: I see.LF: Five weeks and two days and then we got married.NT: Well, why not if that's what you want?LF: That was war time you know and things were a lot differ-ent then and I was planning on marring someone elseand ...RF: Found a better man. (Laughter)LF: He wasn't about to stand still for us.NT: Right, well I don't blame him.LF: So we were married by the Justice of the Peace, AlexLackey, there in Helper and two weeks later he found a 25
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSATMAY 4, 1982house and then we moved into it.NT: So where did you move to?RF: Where did we move to? Well, we moved to Peerless, wespent eleven years up there in Peerless up there. LF: You see, we met at Peerless.RF:NT:RF: LF: RF:LF:NT: LF:NT:LF: NT: LF:We bought her folk's furniture and they moved out on us. They moved to Washington and we took and moved up to Peerless and stayed there at Peerless for eleven years there.So how did you met at Peerless if you were both living in Helper?Apron and Overall Dance.Well see, he was driving back and forth.I was the drinking type and she got me drunk one night. (Laughter)Now Ralph this is no time for joking, she's taking this for history so quit clowning. (Laughter)At a dance in Peerless?Okay, but that was something. I was working at Western Union at the time in Salt Lake.Your family was living in Helper and you were working at Western Union in Salt Lake?But by now, you see, I'm grown up.Yes, I got that.Okay, and I was working at Western Union in Salt Lake and 26
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 I came here on my vacation during which time Dad talkedme into starting this cafe with him. NT: I see.LF: But at the same time, the last day of my vacation the Peerless Coal Company was having a dance at the Amusement Hall. It was called an Apron and Overall Dance.And what's that? was that a typical kind of dance?NT: RF:LF:RF: LF:NT: LF:Oh it was just a get together, just the employees that were getting together and that's all it was.And you had to have a cotton dress and the men wore overalls and that was very informal.They had potluck.And Mom made me a dress, I still got it. It was a little stripped chambray dress on the princess style and I went to the dance and he saw me there and that began the whole thing.Well then did you have to go back to Salt Lake?Oh yes, I went back to Salt Lake. I was there two weeks and then I came back here to start a cafe with Dad. I went back to give them my notice at the company and thenI came back here and started the cafe with Mom and Dad and we were married shortly. We were married January 24th. We met on December 17th and we married January 24th.I washed dishes for five weeks.RF:27
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 LF: Oh that1 s your own fault.1NT: At the cafe? (Laughter) Yes/ that1 s how to get to know your in-laws isn/t it?RF: Well1 it gave us the time to take and know one another. NT: Oh that1 S nice. So when did you start waiting tables/1was it at that cafe?LF: Yes 1 at that cafe.RF: Because he was very good/ I1 ll tell you.LF:NT: RF:the one ILF:NT:LF:And out of all the jobs that I1 ve had that1 Senjoyed most.Oh1 I can see why. (Chuckle)She worked in the bank she took book keeping and she1 s1an accurate book keeper and she was an A in her classhere taking book keeping. She worked at the bank and sheworked for an attorney and that there but she reallydidn1 t care too much she found out too much dirty 1business going on.I don1 t care for embezzlement and I don1 t like to coverup for anyone who is embezzling and so consequently I didn1 t stay with that work. With the cafe work I could enjoy the people and I didn1 t have to take anything home but my memories.That1 S nice.And they were usually pleasant. So that/s what I did whenI went back to work/ you know. Generally with the kids28
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982and while we were putting the kids in school.RF: The mining business for us now in the thirty-three and a half years that I worked in the mine, it's been real good to us. I mean we've had a few hard times but I was alwayscapable of getting out and finding other work. You know, I didn't have to worry about it. I could do carpenter work and I could do cement work and I always found work;I never had to worry about our kids ever going without,never.LF: Well, we knew there was a strike coming on every so oftenand we prepared for it. Consequently we never did come out of a strike in the hole. There were two types of people in your mining camps, there were there that prepared and those that didn't.RF: Spend day by day and live day by day you see.LF: If we were to buy anything it was right after the strike was over and it was paid for before the strike began.This way we managed to go through, of course I canned and we grew gardens and things like that. But while we were at Peerless there were only, I think, about thirteen families all total up there. It was a very close knit group but while we were there our little boy and this I think is very major, I would really appreciate if something were mentioned about this in behalf of Dr. Dorman. Our little boy, our oldest one, was run over on29
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 September 26th, 1948 by the mine trip.NT: Oh no, how old was he?RF: Two and a half years old.LF: It completely severed his leg, his left leg. Of the sixRF:doctors who attended us down there, they all were for Dr. Dorman cutting the leg off because there was only a little piece like this just doing away with it and just finish the job. Of course it had been mashed.In between the bumper, when he had fallen, he had fallen between a bumper and the bumper came together. Well, what happened is just one day I had to go into the mine and I came out of the mine just as this trip was dropping over the knuckle. I stopped him, I had him stop it and he stopped it and he said, "Pick up that piece of petrified wood there and put it on the end of that trip and drop it off for me down there, will you Ralph?" I said, "Sure." So I walked over and put it on there and stepped up on the trip and then they rang down there to stop the trip. Just then the telephone rang and I walked over fifty feet to where they were answering phones and he said, "My God Ralph, your boy is under that trip. " So that's when I ran down 3,400 feet down the tramway. By the time I got down of course they had him down at the hospital.NT: Was it above the knee where it caught him? RF: Just above the knee.30
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982LF: Yes, just above the knee and midway.RF: It broke his arm in three places and they tapped his armto his chest and when they got through operating on his leg they never had to reset his arm, his arm was in perfect position, they had to leave it just like that.LF: There were a lot of blessings involved in that.RF: It was just perfect you see.LF: But we came down, of course when I put him on theoperating table, two doctors came out and met us at the car, they had already got the word that we were coming. They helped, well they almost carried me into the hospital, the two doctors and someone else was under Eugene's bottom carrying him. When we put him down on the table then his arm flopped and that's when I passed out.RF: He spent three months in the hospital.NT: What did Dr. Dorman do?LF: He insisted on sewing it back on. He took a chance, hecame in and he said, "Louis, how much blood has he lost?" I said, "Just this Dr. Dorman, just this" [indicating a circle about the circumference of a basketball] and I had my apron on and it was my birthday and they were giving me a party that night, so I was all dressed and had my hair wound, it wasn't combed out yet but this is early in the afternoon you see. I had an apron on over my clothes and there was just a spot of blood about yea big. He31
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982said, "Good, he hasn't lost his blood then." He said, "I'm going to give it a try Louis, let's see what we can do but I'm not promising anything." He says, "I'11 go now." He went back in and he was gone for awhile.RF: Pardon me. He told us that they wanted to take and amputate and he felt that he would take a chance. He said that they would know within three days whether gangrene would set in and that way he would lose his leg anyway so he thought he would perhaps take a chance, he asked if I thought that was wise. I said, "Well, you're the doctor and I think it would be wise if you fielded within three days if he's going to lose that leg well then you take it off." Well, it so happened that he took and went through three operations.LF: Went for three weeks then and another party that was in the hospital reported to me that she overheard that if the leg hadn't started healing by Monday they were going to take the leg off. Of course we called the Elders again and they came and Monday when they went in, of course we were there for the operation because to take the cast and everything off of that leg was really a major surgery again.RF: We slept there day and night.LF: When Dr. Dorman came out he had tears streaming down hisface and it ran from ear to ear and he said, "My God, my 32
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 God, it's healed!"NT: Oh, that's fantastic.LF: And so he kept him in there and then the next process wasto get the bone to calcify.NT: You see, it was all mashed.LF: And coming together like this it forms a soft tissue andduring the time that it was a soft tissue then you had to stretch it so that he wouldn't have a too short leg. While he was stretching it, it stretched a little bit too much and that's the only thing that has been noticeable about Eugene is that he's had this little heist as he went running. Walking he kind of throws it to the side and you don't pay attention to it because it's only about three quarters to an inch is the only difference. But he warned us that when Gene came out of there he might go to bend his leg and flip his heel or twitch a toe or something because he said, "Lois I don't know what we got together and what we didn't get together but there were hands greater than mine at the table." As it came out Gene's leg grew normally.RF: Do you mind if I say something?LF: He moved everything normally.RF: He told us that it would be nine months if he walkedagain when we took him home. But he had such a determina- tion when he was in the hospital that he would always33
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 say, "Me walk home, me walk home, me walk home." That's all he could say and he would always want us to take him down there to the operating room on his wheelchair to show him where the Dr. Dorman sewed his leg back on. Well, when we brought him home, I built a rack for him because we knew that it was going to take him nine months or so that he wouldn't be able to walk. Within nine days he was standing by me at the table and he walked over to her and we took him down to Dorman's office, he walked over to Dr. Dorman and that's the first time I'd everNT: RF: LF:NT: RF: NT: RF: NT: R: LF: RF: NT: LF:seen him cry.Oh, that's fantastic.That was a miracle.But as far as I'm concerned that was Dr. Dorman's greatest feat.Now was he up at Peerless at the time?No, he was their doctor.And you had a hospital there at Peerless?No.Where was it?He was at Price.We had to come down to Price to the old hospital up here. Yes, he was down here.But Dr. Dorman was up there?Dr. Dorman came and met us up there. When he heard of the34
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 accident, you see, someone else had helped me get in the car and was driving us down and he met us halfway and then he led us down to the hospital and then they helped me into the hospital down here.RF: Yet today when he sees my oldest boy he makes him pull his pants down and show him his leg again. He does that today, believe it or not.But Gene has even spent eight years in the service with that leg.LF:NT: RF:Well, that's fantastic.We didn't think he would do, he got shot through the same leg when he was over in Vietnam in a helicopter and it bothers him a little bit today. Now last week he was complaining about it bothering him a little bit but he gets along wonderfully.That's fantastic.It's a miracle, I'll tell you.At the time, you see, we had all these different camps had their company doctors, there was Dr. Long for Castle Gate and there was Dr. Dorman for Peerless.Yes, each one had a different doctor.Dr. Greshieck at the time was with Spring Canyon, I believe and his brother, the two Greshiecks. Then I think Dr. Long had Standardville too. Dr. Merrill had Hiawatha and Wattis. We all had our company doctors.NT: RF: LF:RF: LF:35
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 NT: Right.RF:You see, we live so close to the tipple at Peerless that we weren't more than twenty-five feet. Our fence line was no more than ten feet from the returning cars going to the mine and we built a four foot chicken wire fence all the way around our place with a gate on it but one of the older girls wouldn't let him out, you see.No gate.Yes, we had a gate.No, we didn't have a gate.Well, that's not important.They came out through the screen door, we built that without a gate so that there wouldn't be any way for the children to run away.Well anyway, we had a four foot chicken fence all the way around, a chicken wire fence.Now Ralph, when you were working at Peerless you saidthat mostly you were a mechanic, were you always on the outside?No, I had to go inside in the mine there too. When they had major breakdowns and that there I had to take and go in there, they called me at three o'clock in the morning, the power would be knocked out with a cave-in or some- thing and I always had to go up and take and locate where the cave was in the mine and I always had to throw theLF: RF: LF: NT: LF:RF:NT:RF:36
 
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 switches for the fuses and that and put the fuses back in when they were ready to take them and throw the power back on, you see. We were there more as keepers of the power station.LF: That was tipple mechanic and that's why we had to live there.RF: I was a handy man; I did everything when I was there. NT: How did you learn all these skills?RF: Well, I started out as a carpenter and I did carpenterwork with my brother. NT: Which brother?RF: My oldest brother.LF: Mike.RF: I did carpenter work for several years in NorthernCalifornia before we were married there. I started making mine cars. Now all the mine cars we made up there were all made of wood, mind you, and the bottoms, the size and everything. What we called the ribs were made of metal and the drop bar was made of metal and I worked with a blacksmith for eleven years. We used to take and forge weld all of our metals to get it. We would take the shafts, three inch shafts, and we would heat them in a forge and we would take and mold them together with the heat and then pound them together. We did everything the hard way, our bolts, we never threw a bolt away, we37
 MAY 4, 1982 rethreaded a bolt where we cut them off. We would take them off and rethread them and reuse them again. Thingswere that bad.LF: You see, it was during the war and you couldn't buy allR A L P H A ND L O I S F O S S A TNT:LF: RF: NT: RF:NT: RF:this stuff you had to make it.I was going to ask you was that what years it was that you were doing this?During the war.Y es.Who did you build them for?Well, this was for Peerless sales up there, there was a Peerless sales company in there.Is that the same as a mine company?Yes. I can remember we use to have a half, a fifty gallon drum full of bolts and in our spare time we would have to take and thread them and then reuse them. We would have to take and cut the nuts off of the bolts and take them and save the bolts and then reuse them there, you see. I think they were that scarce and that's the way they had to take care of them.You see Ralph was exactly opposite of my Dad. Ralph only held two jobs. He held Peerless until they closed down and then he went to Sunnyside.I held two jobs in my days.What year did they close down Peerless?LF:RF: LF:38
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 RF: 1953 and a day, I lost one day's work. I lost one days work and my brother told me that they were closing itNT: RF:NT: LF: RF: LF: RF: LF: RF:NT:down this following day and so I didn't go to work and I went out that day and I took and found myself a job on this school up here up at, what was the name of it? On the north end of Price there. I worked six weeks there and then I went to Kaiser. I put my application two days in two places and I got my job the very next day, you see. I had lost one days work and I had worked ever since, I mean if I missed one day a year for being sick with Kaiser up there within five or six years, it was a miracle. I would work that steady. I never lost any timeat all.Well, that's great.I was a pretty steady worker, I never lost any work at all whatsoever.Who was it that owned the Peerless Coal Company?It was a corporation, there was Thompson and--? Thompson was the--What was the man's name that--?Delcedar Loft was the general manager.He was part owner too wasn't he?Yes, Jack Huntsman up there, he was the one that started me out in my welding career.Oh yes.39
 MAY 4, 1982 RF: He was a master mechanic up there and he started me out in the welding career and then I picked it up fast fromhim, he was a good teacher.NT: And then this Mrs. Thompson that owned it, was she fromR A L P H A ND L O I S F O S S A TRF: LF:RF:around here?She's from Salt Lake, she was in Salt Lake.When her husband died and there came up these problems as always do with the mines, she just decided that it was better to close then, she didn't want us to keep going. You see Peerless was in a four foot vein of coal, that is all they worked on their knees. Well, it go so that thecompetition was so great that Castle Gate would take and undercut Peerless ten cents a ton on their coal, maybe twenty cents a ton on their coal. It got so that Peerless couldn't take and produce their coal that cheep and theyjust couldn't take it--The coal was awfully good.They had the best coal in the country. There was no coal in the country better.So now it seems like during the war when there was so much demand for not only mine cars but also shortage materials there must have been a lot of coal mining around here wasn't there.There was. You see at Peerless up there, the Coal Truckers used to come in there and line up for a mileLF: RF:NT:RF:40
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 every morning for their coal, it was so good.LF: They would come in Sunday night to line up for Monday morning to get loaded with coal.RF: They would fight to get in line to take and load up there. You could take and see for a pert near solid mile of nothing but coal trucks waiting to take and be loaded. They had the best coal in the country.NT: And all those coal trucks they would have contracts with Peerless and someplace else to sell it?LF: No, a lot of the time you see it was Salt Lake and like that but people hadn't gone to gas yet and they were burning coal in their furnaces like this and a lot of this was whole use coal that was being sold.NT: Where all did they sell it?RF: They sold it all over Idaho. They used to come in fromIdaho and almost everyday they would come in from Idaho with big trucks and haul it to Idaho. Then everyone over the hill, Salt Lake, Payson and American Fork they had trucks come in here from everywhere to buy their coal. Now, you take Spring Canyon and up that canyon, there was a thousand trucks a day that went up there to haul coal away, their truckers.NT: Didn't they still have the railroad running up there at that time?RF: Yes. Peerless would take and get maybe three or four and41
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 maybe six cars of coal a day out in railroad cars but the rest went to the truckers. It got so that they had toturn truckers away because they couldn't keep up withtheir orders you see, they got that bad.NT: Well, when did the mine start slowing down?LF: It didn't.NT: It didn't?LF: No. We were working good when she decided to close it. RF: During the summer they were working three days a weekthere in the 1940s. NT: Peerless.RF: Three and four days.NT: I don't remember Peerless being down that low.RF: Yes, they were always down to three days or four days aweek up there. Kenilworth was only working two and threedays.LF: Yes, but Peerless always worked better than the rest ofthem.RF: Well, I know they did but they still were down for threeand sometimes four days a week. But I was in a position where I worked steadier then the rest of them because I was on the maintenance.LF: That's probably why I didn't notice it.RF: I was on the maintenance and that's why she doesn'tremember because I took care of all the breakdowns and 42
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 all the construction and everything. Like I say I just about did everything up there at that little place. A little mine like Peerless there where you just about had to take in, everybody had to take in and be able to do alittle bit of everything you know. You just didn't have one job, you had half a dozen jobs you see, to take care of, you see.NT: The families that lived up at Peerless were they differ- ent kinds of people or all, you know?LF: Well, let's take a runaround of the families that lived there during our married life. They had been recruiting help from over at San Pete County and so we had some who had been sheep herding, some who had been farming, not on their own farms but had been helping others, and we had people who had come in from Austria and from Finland.NT: Recently or a long time ago.LF: Some of them they had come in a long time ago but theyhadn't come in specifically to mine here. Now Sompeace for instance, they had come in several years prior to the time that we moved up there but they had lived there for a long time, when we got there; when Ralph and I got married we moved up there. You see, when we were living in Helper after we were married they ordered us to move up there because of the job that they switched him around to during the war. So it was necessary for us to live43
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 there because of his job. Sompeace had already been there for a good many years when we got there.NT: And they were Fin?LF: And they were Fin.RF: And they had the Finnish habits of getting into theNT: RF: LF:sauna. With every year they would come and take and get the willows off of our trees and they were fresh you know, they were tender and they said, "Well, someday we' 11 take you up there and we' 11 take you into this sauna bath and we'll take and beat one another with these here."(Laughter) At Scofield?Yes, Clear Creek.Clear Creek, you know, where they had those baths. In fact they offered me a nice bath up there too but I declined the opportunity. (Laughter) But we had another couple that they had recruited and they had come from back--let's see we call them the Opies didn't we?Yes, I don't remember the names. She would remember the names.And then there were a second generation up there in the Lousicks. There was Steve Lousick and of course he had all girls except for the one nephew that they raised, Johnny Lousick. But the girls, the one girls husband worked up there at the time that we were there. So thereRF:LF:44
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 was two generations there when I was there and my uncle worked there and so there was two generations of ourfamily. Uncle Harry was master mechanic there. NT: What was his last name?LF:NT: RF: LF: RF: LF:Draper, he was Henry Draper. Other than that, mostly they had come over from different parts in Utah over in what we called the V alley there.Right. Were they all LDS or were they a mixture?There was a mixture.About half and half.Yes, about half and half.Those that came from Utah Valley and around there and over in San Pete County were all LDS. The others were either non-churchy or Catholic. You know, but we got along good, I mean we didn't make an issue out of who was one religion and who was another religion, we got alongreal good. Now, particularly this day, to show you how we got along, Mr. Bennett was hurt as I recall, right close to Christmas, I think it was two days before Christmas, and his folks were coming in. No, it wasn't Mr. Bennett,it was Garfield, Ralph Garfield's mother. She was coming in and during the day Mr. Garfield got hurt in the mine and I'm living by the tipple remember?Yes.All right. So word comes down to me and I run to Mrs. 45NT: LF:
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 Garfield and of course Mrs. Garfield is down and she's there in time to go with her husband and the rest of us move in, finished her house cleaning, finished the tree,NT: LF: RF: LF:finished cooking the dinner, and everything is all ready when Mamma comes home. When she gets home from the hospital we get good news that everything is going to be fine.Oh good.But this is the way we went.That's the way they all were up there.When my boy was hurt. Someone took Ronny from me, that's my second and he was just months old and I knew with him, except I don't recall now who it was that took him but nonetheless I do recall someone took him and I was thenjust concentrated on Eugene. I had washed, I think the day before that and ironing was going to be my afternoon job, it was all sprinkled down and everything. When I came home, the soup that I had on the stove had been taken off and my little boy had been taken care of and my ironing was done and hanging in the bedroom, all the folding clothes were laying on the bed ironed and foldednicely.It was a close clan, you know.The place was taken care of and my birthday cake was still sitting there uncut. But of course when I came backRF: LF:46
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 I had the good news that Eugene was still alive. They didn't know if they could save him but he was still alive. It was a tense time, the three weeks we went this way and I didn't have to turn a hand or worry about my--NT:RF: NT:LF:NT: LF:END OF T APESo you said that then this coal camp closed down in 1953,is that right?Yes, in 1953.Why did she close it after all this? I mean you obviously loved it there, well, it's good coal.Well, her husband had died, now see he had been the president of the company.What was his first name?Thompson; I don't remember his first name. He had died not too long before that and when she started meeting her problems about, you know, having to make decisions andthings about moving into another section of the mine or arguing this or that or the other. Then there were other problems that came up concerning another mine which had mined part of the coal from the mine.They had found another vein of coal up the Domeney's Canyon up there where they got that mine up there, they found a big vein of coal up there. They were going to take and transport that coal down through Domeney's Canyon and around to Peerless and put it in a big shootRF:47
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 over there.NT: Who was doing all this development? RF: Well, this was all in the planning.LF: RF:This is the planning process. They had the coal ...They found this vein of coal and they were still going to come around with it. But they figured that it was going to take and cost them too much to deliver that coal down the canyon like they're doing with these truckers nowadays and bring it to Peerless and then process it and then take it and ship it out there. Then they talked about coming through the mine, through the mountain againand bringing it through that way. But anyway they had it all in the planning, they had all the plans made up for it but then it had gotten too much and they figured well, we just as well take and forget about it and that was it. They just figured they couldn't compete with the bigger mines the way they were undercutting them there.There was never a hint of that mines closing or a possibility of its closing until the night that it closed.That's it, period.She simply called up from Salt Lake and said, "Close the mine, were through!" She offered no further explanation, that was it.My brother was mine foreman.LF:RF: LF:RF:48
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4 , 1 9 8 2 NT: Which brother?RF: Dick.LF: We was killed at Carbon Hill in that cave-in they had upthere.RF: He came down to me that night and, "Well tomorrow is thelast day and that's it." LF: Go find a job.RF: He said, "If you got a chance to get out ahead of time and look for a job why go ahead because I'm telling you right now tomorrow is the last day." So I didn't go to work the next day, I went out looking for a job. As a matter of fact three of us didn't go out and my younger brother and the twins.NT: What's his name?RF: Alfred and Charley Ellis, the three of us went outtogether and the three of us took and put in our applica- tions on each job and the very next day, the following day we all went to work, so we never lost any time at all except for one day and that was all.NT: So how long was your brother, Nick, the foreman up there? RF: Ah gee whiz, he was there for several years .LF: I don't know how long he'd been there when Ralph and Igot married but he was already second in line up there when we got married and he was still there when it closed down.49
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 NT: Is that how you got your job then at Peerless?RF: No, I just happened to go up there to hit him up for ajob; hit him up for work and he well--he knew my brother Vick was an awful good worker and whether that had any baring on my getting the job or not, I don't know, but I told him that I was a carpenter and I had done carpenter work and that. He said, "Well, we need a car whacker." He said, "You can come to work right away." So I started making mine cars and I made all their mine cars up until they bought steel cars, I made every one of their workingcars.LF: He went on as what they call a car whacker.NT: Who did the hiring up there?RF: Jack Huntsman was the superintendent up there. Now Iremember he use to stand there right there where I was working all the time and set there with a rapper, rapping for coal, rapping for coal. He be in there and wonder why that coal wasn't coming down. (Laughter)LF: When Ralph and I met, the girls had to start the dancing and so we had each gone and got a man to dance. Well, Jack Huntsman had known my dad you know, and had given him job after job after job and I knew him. Consequently, when the girls were called upon to go ask the men to start dancing, I went after Jack Huntsman because I knew him, you know.50
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSATMAY 4, 1982NT: Yes, right.LF: All the other girls had gone for their dads.NT: I see.LF: Ralph mistook me for Jack's daughter.NT: Ah.RF: She had a mink coat on just as pretty a white as that boxright there, that shoe box there and I thought it wasmink but it turned out to be rabbit. (Laughter) NT: Oh, that's neat.RF: Anyway, that's where we met.NT: LF:RF: LF: RF: LF: RF:LF:Is Jack Huntsman still around?No, he died. He has one son left and that's all that's left in the family and that's Glen Huntsman.He's the engineer in one of these mines.Isn't he up in Wyoming now?No, I don't know just where he's at.I think he's up in Wyoming now but I'm not sure.I can remember when he used to sit there everyday waiting for the train to come by. The engineer or the fireman would toss him a candy bar or a package of chewing gum everyday as he came up the track. (Laughter)That isn't half of it, we all had our little--r remember when those kids and it was going on when I was little, you would cross nails and things, you know, and you would put nails on single.51
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982RF: To flatten them out.LF:If you crossed them you got scissors and if you put it on single just so then you got a knife. You know, as the train went over it, well, there was a reason for us sitting there on the side of those tracks, we were just sitting here waiting for treats but the engineers didn't know that.(Laughter) Ah, that's great.But that was quite a little camp, that Peerless there. I mean there was a lot of togetherness there. Then it was the coldest place there; it was as cold as Alaska, everything opened. I mean nothing closed up, everything opened, any repair work had to be done right out in the open, only pickers had to stand right out in the open, there was nothing, no enclosures whatsoever. If they had to get warm they had to go down and get around what they would call a salamander. It would be a fifty gallon drumthat they would throw coal and they would get warm and they would go back up pick bogy but everything was right out in the open, everything.How does that compare Lois, to how things were in the camps when you were a kid? Your life after you were married?I had it comparatively easy. Mom use to scrub coals on a board and she had to pack her water as I said from theNT: RF:NT:LF:52
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 community water thing, a pump. I had an electric washer which Mom didn't have but things were made very easy for me. You see, five of us in the camp, let's see there was four, five, six, seven, seven of us in camp had water and electricity, of course we all had electricity but we had the water and the bathrooms. But the rest of them, they didn't have bathrooms yet, they had the running water andRF: LF:RF: LF:NT:RF:they had the electricity but they didn't have the bathrooms.We had ours.But it was very nice. On the back porch I kept the water and of course they had a separate wash room and it was very nice for me, it's almost like sitting up, I even had a garage that was built.Rent was $12.65 a month and you got your power.We had our power, our water such as it was, and our fuel. Ralph did with his job. So it was real easy but with Mom she had it pretty rough.Did you continue or do you still continue to go back to Castle Dale as home or is home up here now.Well let me tell you, this is an odd thing. She's gotschool chums now that we've been getting together once a month for thirty-eight years and we've done it every month since we've been married, we get together once a month.53
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 NT: Where are they at?In Castle Dale and Price there.I see. So in a way is Castle Dale still home to you? No, Joe's V alley is home.RF:NT:LF:NT: How come?LF: Well, Joe's Valley is where we always used to go up andgo fishing, our family, and Delon had his ranch up there. NT: Who's Delon?LF: Delon Olson. Ralph and I used to go back every year, you know, to camp there on Delon's place. He finally offered us a piece of ground up there to build a cabin on and we refused it. I wanted a piece that was my very own.NT: Sure.LF: But where we sold all the houses in Castle Dale andeverything and Castle Dale is not, it is more homey but as far as felling that way, Joe's Valley is where I call home. We built our little place up there now and we have just two acres or better up there and so we call Joe's V alley home.NT: Well, that's real nice.LF: We maintain an address here but when we speak of homenow, we want to go home and we're just waiting now to gohome when he get's the surgery over.NT: Well good. (Break) No, it just seems like I've takenenough of your time here.54
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982RF: Oh well, I'm retired now. (Laughter)NT: Is there anything else you would like to add. I was justasking your wife about, do you still make the trips backand forth to Castle Dale and Joe's Valley.RF: Oh yes, I'll say.NT: But is there anything that you left out about your coalmining career, life in the camps?RF: Well, I don't know. We found a real good life.LF: I tell you how I feel about the coal mining camps. If Ihad the opportunity to start all over I would still gowith the camp. NT: You would?LF: Yes, we all had a common interest and we all had a common goal and we all had time off at the same time. There was such a close bond. We didn't live each others lives mind you and we didn't live with each other but there was such a close bond of friendship. I remember... I'm going to cry again. (Laughter) (Crying) After we left Peerless the sunshine came out, there was this one morning, it was after the winter and I was expecting a new baby and I walked out on the porch, you know, what a glorious morning it was and there wasn't a sole to say hello to. That had never happened to me before.NT: Where were you then?LF: Down in Helper. It wasn't that I didn't have neighbors or55
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 anything but you know, before you could always go out and somebody was shaking their rug or they were yelling at the neighbors.RF: Coffee time you know.LF: I never felt so alone as I did that morning that Istepped out there and here is this wonderful and beauti-ful sunshine and there wasn't a sole to share it with. NT: Oh, what a shame. You all didn't have the problems thenwith the company store or anything like that?RF: Oh no. The company store, my dad had his own store and I didn't have any suffering at all like he did now. She hada really rough life during the depression there. Of course, like I say, my dad, he lost everything during the depression and that there.LF: Because he was so good. He couldn't see anybody go hungry.RF: We didn't have to take and worry about food or anything like that, we always had plenty to go with, you know, not like she did, she had quite a rough life.NT: So you had problems with the company store then as a youngster?LF: Well, when you ran out of money--you were only working maybe two or three days in a month and then that was pretty good, you know, during the summer. You only had maybe three or four months that you worked good and the56
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 only way to get any cash was to go and draw scrip. Well, then you owned your sole to that store until you got back to work again and that's the first thing that was taken out, is what they had coming.NT: Which camps were you in at that time?LF: Well, there was... mainly we circulated through Consum-ers, National, Pioneer, like I said, and Peerless andSpring Canyon.NT: And it was the same in all of them?LF: Mainly the same thing. I remember a couple of times, Dadhad a real good mathematical mind, and I remember in Spring Canyon at one time he was permitted to come at the store and he worked off the bill there.NT: How did he do that?LF: Working in the store.NT: Like clerking.LF: Well clerking and checking over the books. Like I said hehad a really good mathematical mind. Then he worked at Consumers in the store by the same token. It was just a round of managing, I remember all this, this is one sad thing that I do remember but because we had a garden, we didn't have quite as hard a time as some of the other people did. I remember one time, we were going into some friend's house there, I won't name them because...NT: You don't have to.57
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4 , 1 9 8 2 LF: No, there is no point in it. But the little kids were standing around and hanging on their mother's skirt andshe was getting ready to cook their supper, thank God, there was something for them to cook. They were so hungry that they were grabbing the little pieces of potato pealing that she happened to drop and eating the potato peelings just as fast as she was pealing the potatoes just to get something to eat. You see, I never had it that hard. Mom, when we got down into Castle Dale, was very industrious (Interruption) and she would go pick berries half and half and can, you know. She would trade housework for honey and Dad would, oh, take care of somebody's cows or something for milk. He had been selling washers when he was up here and consequently through the Depression, I remember distinctly of falling into a real real good deal there. One lady wasn't able to pay for her washer except by eggs and so at eight cents a dozen they paid off a $200 bill for a washing machine.NT: Wow!LF: And we could get this on call. Likewise we got some milkand these are when things started the breaking for us,after we had that first hard fall.NT: What was the hard fall for you, what year was that? LF: Well, let's see I started school in 1930.RF: She's got quite a memory.58
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 LF: It was the following spring, that would be 1931, when, of course Dad had already lost his job at Peerless and we were in Heiner and he was working up there and he lostthat job. Then he went selling washing machines, the Maytags, they had those new square tubs you know and oh, they were some humdinger washer. He had sold quite a lot of them but he had sold them on charge and consequentlythere were so many people that ran out on him and there was no way that we could collect for them. But there were a few that we collected for. Three that I know of from Castle Dale that we collected on. One of them we collect- ed little bits of cash as they were able to sell their produce and things. Another we collected milk and cream and the other one and sometimes a little bit of meat. But this time we had our own keg and Dad had been able to get a cow for part of that money that he had owed to him. So we had a little bit coming there and things started breaking and then we got some bummer lambs which gave us some lamb, you know. Oh, Mom would pick all kinds of fruit and stuff and put it up and then after that first summer when things had hit us so hard, you see, that other summer she didn't have anything to fall on but thiscoming summer in 1931 the radishes came on early, then we had our other garden produce and Mama canned and we didn't have that rough winter ever again because Mother59
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 had, whether Dad worked or not, Mama had her cellar full of food. So we didn't never have that problem again.NT: When you moved up around to these places, did your Mom take her canned foods with her?LF:RF:You bet. That was the main portion of our moving was the boxes of fruit and the can supply that Mamma brought with her, she always had that with her after that.You know, the only bad thing that I remember with my Dad when he went out of business is the fact that we took bushels and bushels of bills, unpaid bills that wecouldn't collect, and just took them out and had to burn them. Hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of bills that we just couldn't collect. Everybody moved out, the mines had closed down and everybody moved away and forgot about paying any of the bills.What year did your dad close down the business?It was around 1937, wasn't it?Yes, it was. Because I went to California there. Things got so bad that we had to have work. No, it was 1939 when I went to a doctor, I had a Dr. Jeanottie that found me a job at Walker Mine as a blue room waiter.Where is Walker Mine?Just sixty-four miles north of Las Vegas, or not Las Vegas but Reno on a California side and it's the toughest camp I'd ever seen in my life. (Chuckle) But they had 250NT: LF: RF:NT: RF:60
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 men there that was working and it was a copper, gold and silver mine. And they had a tram with it, they hauled allNT: RF: LF: RF:the ore out on a nine mile tramway. The snow got so heavy up there in the wintertime, at seventeen feet of snow, that we were taken and dragged the buckets going out there and it was just fortunate that one of the wintersthat I got out of there the very night that it snows three feet around, because it was snowed in all winter. So what did you do at that camp?I waited on tables.In the boarding house.I waited on tables for $65 a month and got my board and room. I made just about as much in tips as I did in wages and you couldn't spend it anyplace unless you were gambling or smoking and I didn't do any of it and so I saved all my money in the post office.By then his dad had already gone bankrupt. Because while he was out there, him and his brothers saved enough money there to come up and start him back into business but then it was on a small basis. Just enough to keep him busy because he was just very out of it.We had to keep him active you know.He just had to keep busy.Which brother did you go to California with?My oldest brother, Mike.LF:RF: LF: NT: RF:61
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSAT MAY 4, 1982 NT: And then when did you come back here?RF: When did I come back?NT: You know, to help your dad again.RF: Oh, I came back during the war. I came back when I was rejected in the service. I went through Sacramento and they turned me down and I came back here and then I went to--LF: That was during the draft.RF: Yes, during the draft there and then I went to work atPeerless in 1943 you see. Then I found out that they made me take and drove to Peerless and live up there so that I wouldn't take and have to go into the service you see, on account of my job. But that's when I came back, I cameback in about 1942 from California.NT: It sounds like you've had quite a life.RF: We've had a good and wonderful thirty-eight years.NT: Well, that's great.RF: Yes, we've had good and wonderful children that we neverhad to worry about anything; no problems other than a few injuries they had, broken arms or broken legs every month or every year. But otherwise we have a real wonderful close-nit family.NT: Well, thank you for sharing all this with me.LF: Now, is there any other questions that you can think of. NT: No, not off hand.62
 RALPH AND LOIS FOSSATMAY 4, 1982LF: Well, you're welcome to call me back. NT: Okay, well thank you.RF: My wife remembers.END OF INTERVIEW63