 A . E . WEISENBORN Spokane, W ashington Tape No. 64An interview by Nancy Hunsaker August 13, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground. 1 Uranium Mining in Spokane Area. . 1 Discovery of Daybreak Mine. . . . 3 Uranium Mining in Spokane Area. 5 Silver Buckle Mine. . 6 Future Uranium Use. . 9 LeBret Brother's Discovery in Spokane Area .. 12
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW O F F I C E OF MINERAL EXPLORA TION, CONDUCTED BY NANCY HUNSAKER I N AUGUST 13, 1970.WITH A . E . WEISENBORN, U . S . GEOLOGICAL SURVEY ,SPOKANE, W ASHINGTON ONNH: I want you to tell me first of all a little about your background, and how you came to the Spokane area.AW: Well, since 1943 I have been working with miners from 1930 to 1943 in Chile with the Chilean Exploration Company. I left there and came to the states and joined the United States Geological Survey during the war when they had a need for geologists. I was assigned to the Missouri office and I worked there for three years as Assistant Regional Geologist. Then, in 1946 the office was closed and I was transferred up here in charge of this office, and I've been here ever since, fortunately.NH: Then you were here then and had an instrumental part in the uranium?AW: Well, I don't know how instrumental, but I--NH: Pardon. You were active.AW: I was here and was aware and was very much interestedin what was going on. I had a part in it, yes, because the Geological Survey had been working on the uranium for some time.NH: Had there been any other major finds at all in this area?
 A . AW: NH: AW:E .WEISENBORN # 1 No.Up to this time?In fact, the AEC had an office here for several years and had just closed it. There had been some discoveries in Montana which didn't turn out to be very large, but at the time were quite exciting, but none were discovered in this area, and they finally closed the office. And shortly afterwards when the Les came in with the Midnite Mine--let's see--that's the way it so often happens.Were they looking specifically for uranium at this time?It was very interesting because they were looking for tungsten, and they were going out with a mineral 1ight, black 1ight. This was midnight and this waswhy--or it was at night and this is why they called it the Midnite Mine. They found a fluorescent mineral which they didn't recognize, and it turned out to beautunite which fluoresces. There was uranium in it,NH:AW:and that was the discovery of the Midnite Mine.NH: And they formed a company?AW: They formed a company, and then Newmont took it overas an operating company and farmed another company jointly with the Midnite Mine. I'm not sure of all the technical details of how that was worked, but I2
 A .E .WEISENBORN # 1believe that Newmont owned 51 percent and the Indian- -or I think it's the Dawning Light. Midnite Mines owns the other and then the Dawn Mining Company, I think, is the operating company. I may not be quite correct on that, but that's essentially how it worked. Then shortly afterward another discovery was made at the Daybreak Mine.And that is what?This is up near Elk. And this is where the beautifulspecimens of meadow autunite that you saw have come from. And the story is--uh, what's the name of the farm?The Doll?Doll farm, yes. The Doll--the boys had dug a fence there years ago when they had run into this gleaming mineral which they didn't know what it was, and one of them years later was in Montana and saw some autunite and said, "Oh, we have this on our farm." And went back and, and dug where he remembered finding it, and sure enough there it was, and this was the discovery of the Daybreak.Now, how long did the Daybreak Mine last? It was aNH: AW:NH: AW:NH:different type of mine.AW: This was an entirely different type of ore, yes.Whereas the Midnite Mine was essentially out of 3
 A .E .WEISENBORN # 1contact between the vanadic rock, obtrusive rock, and some sediments: the Daybreak Mine was wholly in vanadic rock. And this was a particular kind of variant of vanadic rock: it's in what might be termed an alaskite. Full of pigmetite in this--it's a white colored rock. As a matter of fact, I have this piece I happen to have here--if you want a typical. It has very few dark minerals in it as you can see. I've been mapping in the Spokane area, and I think there are about twenty-three known occurrences of uranium in the Mount Spokane area and all of them are very closely associated either in or near the contact of this same type of rock.Now are they always very large?NH:AW: No, the largest that would be found would be the---? - - - M i n e . A nd t h i s i s r e l a t i v e l y s m a l l . I t ' s produced, as I recall--if you will look in that Mineral and Water-Resources of Washington, you'll find the figures there. But it must have produced something around twelve to fifteen thousand tons of uranium ore. That was the largest. The others have been much smaller. It doesn't appear at the moment as though there are big mines on Mount Spokane, although with the right price, and if someone were lucky, there are properties which could be possibly be4
 A .E .WEISENBORN # 1worked in a very small way, and somebody could make a little bit of money on them.Now where--I don't think there are the type of deposits, at least none have developed yet, that would attract a large mining company to operate.Now where would they send their ore to be milled? They probably would make some arrangements to send it over here to the Ford M ill--Oh, I see.--which would be the nearest mill. If they couldn't do that, it probably wouldn't pay. But I think probably this could be arranged.Uh huh. When did they set up the mill at Ford?Well, let's see, that was I think about 1952, somewhere around there. It operated successfully for about, oh, about ten years, I'd say. It was closed, not because the mine was out of uranium, but simplybecause they had fulfilled that contract with the government and at that time the government was the only buyer, so there was no place to sell the ore. And I remember Jim Pike who was manager going through the mine with me and pointing to some of the high- grade fissures, some of which ran as much as .7 percent uranium and saying, it would just break yourNH: AW:NH: AW:NH: AW:NH: AW:5
 A .E .WEISENBORN # 1heart to walk away from something like this, but of course there was nothing else that could be done at that time.Have they started to mine it again?Yeah, this mine is again in operation.Then that is not a government contract, but private? No, it's no longer on government contract, as I understand it. It's entirely on private contract. That government contract is up.Now there's another mine in the area.Yeah, south of Midnite Mine in a mine variously called the Silver Buckle, Northwest Uranium, or more commonly I think the Peters' Lease that belonged to- --?--- one of the Indians named Peters. This was discovered somewhere late in the program, late in the uranium program ---?---. It's a different type of mine than the Midnite Mine or the Abraham (?) . This mine is in a cobble conglomerate overlying the granite and the ore lies, oh, some twenty feet above the granite through a cobble conglomerate and very fine grained. In fact, you don't see any ore up there, you can only detect it with a counter or a scintillator. There are some coal seams, some bituminous seams that crop out that aremetalliferous. In fact, there's---?---NH: AW: NH: AW:NH: AW:6
 E .WEISENBORN # 1 ---?--- ---?---It's so light.A .NH:AW:NH:AW: Yeah. Coal. These themselves were not of anycommercial value; they're too thin. But the idea was conceived that the whole thickness of this sedimentary layer which lies in what is known as the Jerome andesite could be tested to(?) the granite. I say "we" because the companies that found it came into the Defense Mineral Exploration Administration for a contract--I think an exploration contract. The government at that time and still is, as a matter of fact, helping run exploration for minerals by giving them contracts in which they would bear some of the costs of exploration. This was one of these, and it really was quite successful. The mine produced several million pounds of uranium, if I remember. It was taken over by the Midnite Mine, by Newmont; the ore was treated at the Ford Mill. However, the grade is much lower than at the Midnite Mine, and at that time, of course, for a government contract there was a limited amount of the uranium that could be sold and they preferred then to get the uranium from the higher grade of ore of the Midnite Mine. However, this was a pretty good mine because it could be mined7
 A . E .WEISENBORN # 1fairly easily because it lay in the other loose sedimentary rock that could be shoveled off without too much blasting and whatnot.So all of it was an open-pit type mine.NH:AW: It's an open pit. The ore is cut off by a fault onthe west side, but a couple of drill holes will show it continued beyond that fault. Now at the time nobody was interested in that type of ore because of the limited market for uranium. As I said before, had this been bought in a year or two earlier, this would have been regarded as a really fine discovery, but coming at the end of the program when contracts were being filled and uranium was beginning to come out of our ears, it didn't create such a sensation and wasn't quite as welcome as it would have been a few years before. So therefore, at that time nobody was much interested in the particular ore. When interest in uranium revived here a couple of years ago,Western Nuclear got hold of the property and drilled and have announced--I don't know if this is verified or not--something like twelve million tons of uranium remaining in the property. They proceeded to make plans to mine it, but never completed it because the demand for uranium never quite materialize as fast as had been anticipated partly because of the technical8
 A .E .WEISENBORN # 1difficulties in the atomic energy plants and partly because of the protests of the conservationists about thermal pollution and whatnot in an atomic energy power plant. So the whole thing has dragged, but I'm quite sure eventually this will be brought into production. In fact, ---?--- is still working on it, and it's sitting there waiting for the appropriatetime. In mining there's always an appropriate time to bring property into production. One time may be very profitable and another time maybe not. You have to catch the tide, and this is the other main thing.NH: Now the prospects for future uranium use are picking up, aren't they?AW: According to everything you read, the long-range picture is very good. We see use for far more uranium than we know we have, and so therefore there's quite an incentive to explore. Althought it's not quite as sharp an incentive as there was a year or so ago because the prices are down due to the slowup of the whole program. But as pollution from coal plants and whatnot increases, why, I think you're probably going to see some of these atomic energy plants come in.NH: Well, aren't they working on the problem of thermal pollution?AW: Oh, I think so, yeah. This has been in the background 9
 A . E . WEISENBORN # 1 in various ways.NH: They are controlled very stringently.AW: Oh, yeah. I'm sure. Yes, yes. I think these problemscan be and will be solved.NH: What was it like around this area when they did makethe discovery? Was there a sudden boom?AW: Oh, this was a real gold rush, and we were working in the uranium here and we had several people in every office whose job was looking for the uraniumprospects and so forth, and stirring up interests. And during the height of the boom, I think we had something like seven hundred visitors coming in at once asking for information on uranium. And, of course, we weren't equipped to handle this and would have driven us crazy, and so we screamed and yelled and finally we reopened the Atomic Energy--the AEC office here in Spokane to take some of the load off of us.NH: How many people did they have in their office? Had they had a large office before?AW: No, they never had a very large office before. NH: But now they have a one-man office.AW: Just a one-man office.NH: Where before--AW: Before they had, oh, they had maybe a half a dozen-- 10
 A .E .WEISENBORN # 1at their peak, I guess, they may have had half a dozen geologists in the office.And of all the claims, the only really paying one, well, two--The two. Yeah, the Daybreak. The Daybreak and the Midnight and then the Peters Lease which did very well for a while. This was one of the D & A(?) loans and we got all our money back; the money was repaid on the royalty received. This was paid back.---?------?---Newmont was worldwide mining company that came in to help--Yeah. Yeah, there was quite a scandal on who was going to be the operator and Newmont won out.What other companies were there then?Well, I think every mining company was interested in at least enough to snoop around and perhaps make an offer.With the operation of the mill now at Ford had they had stockpiles of ore there when they started the mill up or did they start mining again?They had stockpiled the ore, but they had worked onthe stockpile, and they had planned it so there was very little stockpile left. There was a little bitNH:AW:NH: AW: NH:AW:NH: AW:NH:AW:11
 A .E .WEISENBORN # 1because right at the end they were caught short and they mined ore and brought it down, but there is not very much left. But when they reopened again, they had rehabilitated and rebuilt the mill quite considerably, and while they were doing that they even went back and cleaned up the mining places and started bringing ore down to the stockpile area at the mill.NH: When the Le Brets did make this discovery, did they bring the ore in here to the Geological Survey office?AW: They brought it first to the Bureau of Mines, and we did see them. In fact, I know John LeBret very well. But they had gone first to the Bureau of Mines.NH: ---?---AW: Uh huh, yeah.NH: Were there many people from outside the area thatAW:came in?Oh, people came in here from all over, and holes were dug all over Mount Spokane; you can still see them. Now they are pretty well grown up, you know, and there's not too much damage. And, oh goodness, there was just a terrible rush of weekend/Sunday prospectors. They came in here by the hundreds from all over Mount Spokane tramping down fences and12
 A .E .WEISENBORN # 1driving some of the farmers crazy.Now isn't that right on the edge of the park also? Some of the uranium was found on park land.How did they control that?NH:AW:NH:AW: Well, they never permitted any mining. I know one ofthe army(?) contracts up there--! don't know what they call it--the Mudhole Exploration went right up to the park and the ore undoubtedly went into the park. We had an interesting experience that you might--there was quite a crew went out there--some came in from the AEC and the Geological Survey, and we went out to look at some of these uranium prospects, and we went out on Mount Spokane on property of the Long(?) Lake Lumber Company. There was nobody there on the property and we went in and I looked at the pits and then came back and there was a little clearing there, and two prospectors had gone in there while we were gone and had had some altercation with the Long Lake Lumber Company, but they were determined that they were going to dig on this prospect. All of a sudden there were about ten of us who kind of surrounded this clearing and came in from all directions and the fellows had guns there, and there was almost a 1ittle war started until they realized that--we made clear that we were13
  A. E. WEISENBORN #1from the AEC and the Geological Survey, and we didn't have any part of this dispute about who owned the land; we were just interested in this uranium so everything became peaceful, but it got a little bitwarm there. [chuckle] NH: ---?---AW: I think they probably did. I don't know. ---?--- quite a complicated process.NH: ---?---AW: ---?--- There was much fuss about that, but youcouldn't do anything unless you could get yourself an Indian you could speculate with.[Remainder of tape is inaudible.]14