 ROBERT V . HANCOCK Blanding, Utah Tape No. 122An Interview BySuzanne Simon and Dorothy E.Erick August 6, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
    
 Table of ContentsAugust 6, 1970Work with Dept. of Agriculture . . 1 Work in Mining with Father-in-law, F. A. Sitton . . . 130 Day Option to Evaluate Property . . . . 2 White Canyon Mining Co. . . .......... 5Assaying the Ore. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Radium King.Bonus on New Discoveries. . . . . . . . . . . . Claim Jumping. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . HiringofMiners . . . . . .Running Shuttlecar and Front End Loaders. Present Status of Mining UraniumUse of Airplane for Prospecting.Union Carbide and AEC ....Health Hazards for Uranium M iners. V entilation Problems . .Federal Mining Regulations.8 14 15 16 21 24 30 . 31 ¥ 32¥ 4041 42
 
 ROBERT HANCOCK INTERVIEWED BY SUZANNE SIMON AND DOROTHY E . ERICK ON AUGUST 6, 1970. THIS INTERVIEW IS PART OF THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.DE: Well, we're sitting here in the library this afternoon in Blanding, Utah, and we'd like to have you tell us your name and the pertinent facts of why you are around in this area.RH: My name is Robert V. Hancock and the reason I 'm in the area is I came to the country in 1938 with my parents and was engaged in farming activity and I went, I attended a couple of years at Fort Lewis College in agriculture and obtained a job with the Department of Agriculture in charge of government programs, administering the programs in soil conservation and the like. I stayed on the job until about 1951 and quit there and took a job of teaching veterans on the Vets Training Program and during the interim of this I was in the insurance business along with these jobs and 1950. In the spring of '52 I sold my insurance business, took a job and went to Arizona to work in mining with my father-in-law.DE: Who is your father-in-law .RH: F.A. Sitton, which is one of the, he was one of thelargest uranium producers, individual producers on the plateau for years until Charlie Steen came along. And I worked down at Winden, Arizona which is 100 miles northwest of Phoenix until the fall of that
 ROBERT HANCOCK year, 1952.DE: What kind of work did you do in this, mainly mining? RH: Well, actually actual mining and for two or three months and then I went to work in evaluating new properties with a--we had a geologist that came into the office and I worked in the office too when I did mining--geologist miner came in said he was going to go to work for the company and I told him we didn'tneed anybody and he insisted that all we had to pay him was just away from headquarters but no wages, he was a retired engineer geologist. So I got my mining and geology knowledge practically from him in a couple of three months there.October of '53 and my father-in-law was just taking an option on this White Canyon property and a 30 day option so he sent me out to White Canyon to check USGS dril1ing and at the time, this was my first experience with uranium, I'd never been associated with anything. I knew he mined uranium and like this so I went out there as you know, good manners you might say and the USGS geologist they knew how I was, so they just took me under their wing and showed me all their logs and where they found ore and all thisDo you remember his name?DE:RH: Jack Warren Rutledge and I came back up here in2
 ROBERT HANCOCKand so within 30 days I had a lot of good knowledge about what they were doing. Course I wasn't the only ---?--- and after they found this out why I couldn't get near these drill rigs, not 100 yards. I could see them and that's it. They felt I got information I wasn't entitled to which we wanted though and we got.DE: Who was drilling at the time?RH: It was the USGS or the United States GeologicalSurvey.DE; And they were drilling for someone else for the ah-- RH: No, they were drilling on this property whichbelonged to Delaney and in the 30 days option period why of course we were to evaluate the property and the best way to do it was to find out whether they were finding ore or not. Course we didn't tell anybody anything about this option. I just went out there and introduced myself and they didn't say who are you working for so I got the information.DE: What, can you explain a little bit more about the 30 day option and how it works?RH: Well it, he was going to buy this property, he originally had bought it from Shumways and (Leopold M.) Delaney and he had a 30 day option which would give him time to go out and reevaluate the property see if they'd pay him 100,000 dollars, pay Delaney3
 ROBERT HANCOCKand after I was out there well I was out about three weeks, 30 days and got the information he wanted so he exercised his option and bought it from Delaney so at the end of these 30 days if you decided not to buy it he'd just turn the option back and end the deal.DE: And it would still belong to Delaney?RH: It would still belong to Delaney. But he exercisedhis option and---?--- on why he started to develop the property and I was put in charge of all exploration and mining on the property. And since 1953 I've been in White Canyon on Deer Flat mainly, well ever since.DE: Now have you been consistent in working that property in that area since 1953?RH: The one property that I personally have operated I started it on January the first 1955 and I've been operating the same property since then.ss: What's the name of the property?RH: The mine's name in WN Mine. But after I went outthere we had the USGS drilling and we'd started a mining operation and I was in charge of that and then I got this lease on the side, I still worked for the company and I worked for the company until July, 1958 and then--after then they formed this, they had a stock issued ---?--- corporation from a public4
 ROBERT HANCOCKcorporation and then they sold to Texas Inc.SS: What was the name of that Corporation?RH: DE:RH: DE: RH: SS:RH: SS: RH: ss:RH:SS: RH:The White Canyon Mining Company.And it was White Canyon Mining Company that was sold to Texas Inc.Uh-huhYou still had your own leases however?Y es,I kept my leases.Ah, can we go back for just a little bit? I was wondering what areas the company had developed prior to White Canyon in uranium. Were they in this area, on the plateau or on the plateau or--You mean my father-in-law?Uh-huh.He was in the Slick Rock area, and---?--- and Grant. And what were what are some of the names of the mines that were included in that purchase from the Shumways originally?Well, the main ones the Hideout, White Canyon 1, Five-Four and R ---?--- point six, ---?--- approximately 325 claims in the group.Were these all good producers?No. There was some production on several of them,after we got things squared away and did mine after, behind the USGS drilling and depleted the ore that5
 ROBERT HANCOCKthey'd been drilling then---?--- purchased a drill rig and we started an exploration drill, some surface drilling and we at this time actually found the major Hideout ore body and we found an ore body on White Canyon Number 1. The WN was further drilled and which made it possible to mine it as long as we did andfound a small ore body on Five-Four and Band I, but the other properties were just defined, just scattered ore holes that didn't seem to ever make into what we could call minable ore bodies because-- well one reason too is there wasn't a sufficient amount of drilling, really. A lot of these properties we were going to go back to sometime to do additional drilling but we never got around to it and I guess they haven't since. But I imagine those properties from '55 through '58 there was probably 500,000 feet ---?--- drilled.ss: Now this is tons of--?RH: Feet of drilling.SS: Feet of drilling.RH: Drilling exploration. All the ore bodies in the WhiteCanyon area are in what I would define as old river channels or streams, river beds. Weighted over, formed under an ocean or actually like streams are formed today. I don't know, I doubt if they're very6
 ROBERT HANCOCKlike streams are today, really. They don' t--they' re comparatively flat with numerous channels, with underchannels and they will vary in width from, oh, a couple hundred feet to a quarter of a mile wide.SS: Ah, can you describe what kind of an ore body you found for the main channel in some of the ones that are considered to be rather famous like the Hideout or the WN?RH: Well we found what you'd call a comparatively narrow in width ore body. It was real good grade and we first discovered this, I had all the access to the USGS drilling and I talked to the geologist and he told me which way the channel would go. Well, apparently they hadn't drilled a sufficient amount to actually determine this so he had two holes that he said was on the higher side of the channel. He said if the channel went in any direction it would go to the left. Well I drilled a half dozen holes on the left and it didn't go that way so I drilled a holebetween these two holes that he said couldn't go and that's where it went. We found five feet of 51 percent of ore in that hole then it went on for about--well it's about a mile under the mountain now. It wasn't continuous ore, it's about 1,000 feet in that was just body ore but they've had two major ore7
 ROBERT HANCOCKbodies in there that vary in thickness form 15 feet in thickness to oh, 150 feet in width was about the widest and it's probably produced seven or eight million dollars worth, I imagine, I haven't got thefigures on that. And then on White Canyon Number 1, it isn't famous but it was a pretty good ore body. Ah, when I first found that one I asked the AEC to drill holes close to about two feet of ore in it and I had figured two feet and we had about 18 feet of ore so they averaged. And I imagine there's about 20,000 tons in this one, just kind of a kidney shaped ore body all in one bunch; it didn't happen to penetrate the mountain very far it was just all in one spot.SS: What did it assay, on the average?RH: Oh, I imagine 35, 40 hundredths average.DE: Who did the assay work for you?RH: Well, most of it was assayed by the mill thatreceived the ore, we did very little assaying ourselves but when you got the assays, if you weren't satisfied why you could turn to an umpire and we had, in mining you always had your Geiger counters and your control samples and as I say, Geiger counters and after awhile you almost know exactly what you're shipping, you don't have to assay to determine this8
 ROBERT HANCOCKand after awhile if the mill cheats you why---?---DE: Did you have trouble in that line at all though?RH: Very little. Once in awhile you'd have a complaintbut it's usually the miners that are working for you. If you haven't been around they'11 throw in a 1ot rock you didn't know about. That's the way is usually ends up.DE: Did you have your own haulers or did you employ outside?RH: Yeah, we employed outside haulers altogether and still do.SS: And, ah, to which mill have you shipped ore through your--?RH: Well originally when we first started there was a government operated mill at Monticello, then for awhile they had an ore receiving plant down by the Happy Jack. Then after they closed those why Texas Chemical mill at Mexican Hat. We ship to Moab now.ss: Is this one of your chief complaints that you have no one to receive the ore?RH: One of my chief complaints is having only one mill to receive the ore, there's no competition. They're getting it all, so you just take what they pay you and that's it.DE: Does it have to be, ah, without certain ingredients 9
 ROBERT HANCOCKin it, that they'll accept it?RH: Well, the one at Moab they will take vanadium ores and I've had ore with uranium, copper, but we don't get paid for copper at this time, but a lot of the miners now out there do. Our copper content isn't very high.DE:RH:DE: RH:Do you get any compensation as far as maybe not monetary but something to show how much is in there, so that at future dates for copper--Well, we do occasionally, not every month but occasionally they'll give us a copper assay. In the Hideout would average in excess of one percent.For copper ore?Uh-huh. But I always understood that a federal mining law says if they recover ore, you know anything any other ore except for the major ones, they're supposed to pay you a reasonable amount, you know a fair amount, ---?--- once because they hadn't paid the miners for vanadium, so they made them, they had to be paid.Now when you first came to the White Canyon area was the atomic VCA mill at White Canyon community in operation?It was just on a limited scale. Just some of theirown ore that they were trying to develop. 10SS:RH:
 ROBERT HANCOCKSS: And was that ever very successful?RH: ss: RH:SS: RH: SS:RH:No, it wasn't--Successful.No, it wasn't successful at all. It was trying to be an upgrading plant and it just didn't work on those type ores too well.You never did sell to them?Never did sell to them at all.And was that because they had all the ore that they could handle or--?No, they didn't hardly have any ore, just couldn't get any suitable price with them and the government had their plant, you could actually ship it in here you know to their plant instead of going down there to an upgrader so we felt that we got a better deal all around financially.Ah, I'm very much interested in that little community that was growing up, or thriving on uranium there at White Canyon, I wonder what you could tell me about that?You're referring to the old Hite.Well, yeah, but on this side of the river there was Hite across the river and there was the mill and kind of a camp around that.On the east side of the river. 11SS:RH: SS:DE:
 ROBERT HANCOCKRH: on the east side of the river. Well, I'm not reallytoo familiar with it--right in the heyday there was, I suppose, 100 miners down in that vicinity and driving holes into the hills in the area but they didn't encounter any commercial ore and all the money that was spent for exploration ---?--- very little drilling in the area. The surface was quite rough and I presume the ones that was doing the work through it was cheaper to follow those channels in with the drift than it was to drill. There's numerous drifts around there about two or three hundred feet into the mountain. They just weren't any of them commercial property. Your sand that you have to have to make it just wasn't there. I mean maybe you'd have a foot thick sand and---?---SS: And when these came into the area was it very active, I mean there were a lot of producing mines at that time.RH: No, when I first came into the area there wasn't.SS: Oh?RH: There wasn't a producer, in fact I'd have to almostsay that the Happy Jack was the only one that was actually producing. They were--the Shumway brothers, the younger ones, were mining a little at the Hideout but they weren't doing good at all, they had thin ore12
 ROBERT HANCOCKand it wasn't good grade either and there's a few trying to mine over around the White Canyon rim and they couldn't make to go around. There's an oddity; most of the properties in the White Canyon until you penetrate, oh, around 200 maybe 300 feet under thehill the ore is what they call "out of equilibrium." It'll like count Geiger counter 40/50 hundredths and it'll assay at ten hundredths. So that's what at this time they were running into; they were just, oh, 150 feet into the rims and it wouldn't run and they didn't know what to do about it. And just somebody's mine would go broke and somebody else would try it. That's how the Happy Jack was until they went beyond this vein. They had a lot of high grade copper in low count and they finally went through to where it would change and--SS: And, ah, were there any of the mines over in Red Canyon operating at that time?RH: Not in '53.ss: Uh huh. When did they start developing on the RadiumKing and the--?RH: That might have been in 1955, to the best of myknowledge. I remember one of the first times I've ever been there I went over into to Red Canyon and met the AEC geologist and they had a drilling program13
 ROBERT HANCOCKat this time over in Red Canyon and I'm positive there was no producing mines at that time. Well I didn't find out at the time because they weren't giving information but later I got personal friends that was one of the geologists and he did tell me they were finding some ore. Which they did, you know, they have several good mines, Vanadium, Radium King those are the two main ones I guess. The Blue Lizard was good and as you know---?--- had the---?--- that was several years later when it started up. Well, not several years, I think you probably know when they started it.DE: No, I don't.RH: It was roughly around '57.ss: Uh huh. So Red Canyon didn't really get going untilit was kind of late in the business as far asproducing.RH: Uh huh. I guess the ---?--- was probably the firstproducer in Red Canyon. They mined some at RadiumKing but---?---ss: Now at this time you were supposed to be gettingbonuses for new claims, was this part of yourcompany's aim?RH: Well that bonus was for--it's supposed to be newdiscoveries on new properties and when this group, 14
 ROBERT HANCOCKthis larger group of properties, why the AEC cut that up into sections. I think on all those claims there was five bonuses allowed on all of them. They didn't get the bonus on all of them, all the propertiesSS:RH:SS: DE:RH:there were I think probably three properties, produced a bonus.And now was this bonus, the 10,000 dollars or what, three dollars and fifty cents per--?$35,000, ten thousand pounds at three and a half a pound.The other bonus, how does that go? Do you remember? Well, you mean it had to produce 20 hundredths of-- they had to have at least 20 hundredths.You had to have 20 hundredths, you didn't have to have 2O hundredths but it meant that you would have 20 hundredths, 10,000 pounds worth at three and a half a pound or 35,000 dollars. Did I make myself clear?E&S: Yes, yes.DE: That was one of your aims to get into this bonus ofthe government?RH: That's right, well it was an incentive paid bythe government to encourage you to develop more properties, find more ore. After you got a big group of claims, why they had to draw a line15
 ROBERT HANCOCKsomewhere. They couldn't let you--they'd have a lot of different names to claims, that's what the companies tried to do and well, I think everybody tried it, not only companies, individuals alike they tried to stake their claims in such a manner that every time they'd change the name from Hideout to (Camel?) or something why they'd have another bonus, it didn't work that way.It had to be the original.DE:RH: That's right, uh huh. Course then in White Canyon itwas really--they was really wrong in a way because where you got your river channel each one would actually be a new discover, I mean they're all different, they're all separated but AEC didn't look at it that way. But it was a good deal, that's what helped start the uranium boom.SS Ah, in your area after the boom really got rolling did you have any problems with claim jumpers and this sort of thing?RH: No, we encountered very little trouble with that the whole time I was there. We just had one incident altogether, and that was a miner. Allwe had to do on that was just to talk to the people and show them where the markers were and-16
 ROBERT HANCOCKSS: Do you know of difficulties that others might have had?RH: Not in our area I don't know of any. Down near the river, near Hite I've heard of a few incidents where a guy got his gun out and kept people from going into the area and things like this but he was just a fanatic and it just wasn't really a problem. There wasn't much claim jumping in White Canyon for some reason. I think the reason there wasn't because it was all so completely--when it was first studied it would discourage anybody even going out there prospecting. Instead of just going out and staking a few claims why they just staked it all. Well that isn't so at all either really--the original staker which was the Shumways and this White Canyon Mining property--they just staked a little group of claims; each channel, each outcrop where they showed some signs of ore and just as soon as Mr. Sitton---?--- with him why they just went in ---?--- staked everything around it, you know behind it, on every side. It was like Deer Flat, they just went in and staked Deer Flat, you know all of it, so well, practically all of it, they left some of the left side.17
 ROBERT HANCOCKSS: Who did you say staked this, the Shumways?RH: Well, they didn't stake the whole thing, the companydid.SS: The company.RH: And the company bought from the Shumways, and they just went in and staked everything the Shumways had. The Shumways they were looking for productions, they didn't stake what---?--- produced.SS: Well, when you started your ore production in that very isolated area, did you have did the company have to go to a great deal of expense in road building and this sort of thing?RH: Yes, there was considerable expense on that. There was about--a little trail into there was about all. And of course all of your rough rims that you, if you've been into the area, you'll see to get down to where you could mine, it took a lot of money to build those roads right on the side of the rock. But the main road in there, into Deer Flats for instance, well the main arteries had government assistance on those.ss: This was after the AEC came in and was trying to get as much uranium--RH: That's right.SS: Well, in the heyday of mining out there, in say, oh,18
 ROBERT HANCOCK'57 or '58, did the area build up with mining campsand bring a lot of miners and these sort ofactivities.RH: Yes they did. During the heyday, I've never reallythought about how many, but there must have been three or four hundred miners at least at the time, in the area. At the Hideout camp alone there were, oh, at one time, I'd say there were abut a hundred and fifty, two hundred people in camp, and for two years they had a school there at the Hideout camp. And over at---?--- they had a big camp, but the others they didn't really have too big a camp. A lot of the miners, some of the other miners just lived at what they call the Side Canyon Boulder now. And they moved in there, built houses and that was a pretty big place for a few years.SS: And what did all those miners do for entertainment when they were--?RH: They drank beer.SS: They drank beer.RH: At the Dry Canyon Store, that was the main part oftheir entertainment.ss: I'm not sure that's gone completely out of style yet. RH: I couldn't believe it.DE: How many people did the company employ back at the19
 ROBERT HANCOCKHideout? You said a hundred and fifty to two hundred people around the Hideout mine.Well, that many people weren't all miners, but I'd say at one time there was surface help, geologists, engineers and I imagine seventy-five probable, approximately, on the payroll.Well, was this, how do I say this--was thisRH:SS:DE: SS: RH:expensive, for what they got out of it? Did is cost----?---Yeah, would there be---?--- expense?Well, I would say, the way the companies operate, their labor costs were expensive on non-production personnel, I mean as far as the people actually mining, I'd say the cost wasn't expensive. White Canyon, especially after Texas Inc. bought it, why, they had three people on the surface to one miner, and you can't work with that kind of overhead, and they found it out.That's what I was getting at, other than just money.Actually at the Hideout, why they---?--- I'd say it was a stupid production, over that twelve miners on shift and they was producing something like five, six thousand tons of ore a month. If they had about---?- -- that other, that seventy-five out there---?--- on the surface, just standing around.DE: RH:20
 ROBERT HANCOCKSS: Let's see, did your company supply housing and anykind of supplies, personal supplies that the minerscould buy.RH: They supplied maybe housing, they didn't have tosupply it. There was a nominal fee for monthly chargefor the housing.SS: And did you offer a cook shack, or---?---RH: No, they didn't offer a cook shack. If they hadproblems, well, the miners could take their families and wives. But there was so many of them that did, that it didn't necessitate building a---?---SS: And just where did the miners come from? Many of them, were they people just following mining camps, or were they local people or--?RH: About fifty percent local/and the rest of them just from mining areas like Silverton and Montana and Idaho, we had them from just about every place. About fifty percent of them were local, but very few Indians were hired.SS: And was there a large turn over with the personnel? RH: Yeah, very large one. Especially with the outside miners, local help was steady but like all the drifters, why they'd be here a month and gone, andsome more drifters take their place.SS: Was it because they didn't like the manner that was21
 ROBERT HANCOCKused, or what they had to do to get the ore out in this terrain?No, they was just that kind of people, it's always greener on the other side of the mountain. They'd be gone two or three months and they'd be back, and if they were in good health, why you'd put them on again.They were good miners, but they just---?---They were good miners.RH:SS: RH: SS:RH:Have you had a great deal of difficulty with accidents and this sort of thing in your operation? No, it's been, I'd say very few accidents in the time I've been there. And knock on wood, but our company, in all the years we¥ve operated we haven't had a fatality, haven't had a mine fatality. We've had several injuries but none that you would call real severe, broken legs and minor injuries.What were some of your problems then and continuing on til now?Well, there weren't what I would call any problems necessarily except the distance you know, from town,where if you had a breakdown of machinery it was hardSS:RH:to obtain parts or supplies.DE: Where could you get your supplies?RH: Well, you send to Monticello, and if they didn't have22
 ROBERT HANCOCKthem, you call Salt Lake, or Denver or wherever might have them, and they sent them.SS: How was the service and the ah, time wise?RH: Well, overall I guess, exceptionally well, if you-- with the dealer you were dealing with, you could make a telephone call and get them on the road but if you were planning on give me this and walked out, it might be a month before you got them, but you have to ---?--- and get a hold of the factory or whereveryou'd agreed upon, but then it would be shipped.SS: Were there dealers or salesmen that would come out tothe mine to try to sell you things?RH: Oh yes, we had, during the heyday, they made weeklytrips to the mines and they'd take guys with them for the--you know for the mining machines like the jackhammers and things like this.SS: And that did help your isolation?RH: That did help, yeah. And we had a local miningsupplies store here and we had one in Monticello. You could get most mining supplies fairly easily but now there isn't one. I just made out a request ---?--- same type of mining supplies, certain ones, and all this is obsolete, but they still try and keep it up- --?---SS: What have been some of the most helpful advances in 23
 ROBERT HANCOCKthe actual mining process for your operation?RH: Oh, I'd say the development of the running oh, shuttlecar I guess they call it and front loaders in this type of mining. I mean really, this type of mining equipment in really obsolete, all of it. I mean they (don't)? have a---?--- a real good piece of mining machinery. I don't know why, it's just been slow in developing. The jackhammers, of course they've got, they're just about 1ike they were in 1953, they aren't any better. And I guess this---?-- - just isn't quite light enough, you know those big companies develop the right type of machinery but I mean the machine is probably so costly that the little independent miner like I am probably couldn't afford it. But I feel what's best for the area is the running shuttlecar and front end loaders because they're mobile and the ore bodies within the mine are scattered all over and you go from place to place in the mine very quickly, so that's an important part. For the Hideout you know, this mine, most of it is car and track and ---?--- machines which is real slow, and this type of mining is very obsolete. Instead of (grazing?) you're mining hard rock whereyou've got a vein ---?--- in a circle. But whether that vein---?---24
 ROBERT HANCOCKDE: And you did mention now that you're doing exploratorywork; you're doing it with a drill?RH: Yes, a surface drill; there are a few that we'll doSS: RH: SS: RH: SS: RH:ss:RH:long holing underground but I've never had very good results on it, so I've discontinued that. Some mines that--they claim that it works in, but I don't know, I'm not--in White Canyon I'm not sold on it necessarily.And who all's producing ore now for the WM? WM AND (Cedars?) mines.WM and (Cedars?), uh-huh.The main producer now is the Cedars?How far in are you with the (Cedars?)?Approximately three thousand feet. We can hold a steady end about 2500.Have you had any trouble with ventilation or this type of thing in the Cedars or the WM?Yes, I'm having considerable difficulty at Cedars right at the moment. I have a vent hole drilled right in the middle of---?--- and it plugs about as fast as you can get it open. In fact I went out Monday and it plugged and we finally got it open Tuesdaynight and it plugged again yesterday at noon and during the nights for some reason it opens itself up again, I don't know. So I am having a25
 ROBERT HANCOCKproblem. And this particular vent hole's making about fifty gallons of water an hour which is really a problem. This is, with all my years of mining this is the first time I've encounteredss:RH:DE: RH:anything like this in the area.Well, is it a sort of clay or something that keepsfalling in?Yes Chinle clay. But this particular area, the coating is dry, the water is below this, below the cave, in fact, about 60 feet below the cave. The water's about 30 feet above our mine.And is it an impossible task toNo, we have tanks we pump into and were going to, up ---?--- in the mines. But soon as I hit this water whether it's coming from the surface water down into the drift, down about oh, 800 feet from the---?--- the water's coming up out of the floor for some reason in little streams but I'm not sure that this(is) under water at all though.Well, maybe you're not having to haul so much water for drilling now.No, in a couple of years, we could figure they'd hauled all the water, but now we pump it out and haul it out andSS:RH:ss: You have a by-product.26
 ROB ERT HANCOCKRH: Sometimes I'm not so sure I 'm going t o be a minervery long.DE: Well, what do you think is the future of the uraniumindustries in this area?RH: W ell, unless the prices change considerable i n thefuture, not good, you know. I wouldn't even say it's good for big companies if the price doesn't come up, because what you finally do, you're claims cost maybe double to operate because they're going to be deep and an individual probably is practically out of it you know, private individuals. But in the futureoutside of White Canyon the claims'll be 800, 2,000 deeper, in ---?--- Canyon down in there, in the future it'll be about like it was about 250 feet from the surface. But the major, main outcrops have been pretty well explored in those canyons whether there's any more--whether there's any more found by drilling, I don't know, but I don't think there's any reason for drilling it right now.SS: But do you think that there is still a good reserve of commercial ore there?RH: Well, it's various ---?--- a good supply on non- commercial ore there that has to be found. And the only thing that would ever make it be found is the-- -?--- it's considerable better---?--- at least.27
 ROBERT HANCOCKss: In other words, you have to have an incentive forexploratory drilling other than assessment work.RH: That's right. Let me, what is considered ---?--- today is it just isn't economically feasible to go out and spend this money for exploration to get what you get out of the ore when you find it, you know,with the cost of machinery and everything so high. The price of ore as it stands now, is well, where I deal is exactly six dollars a ton less that I got for it, say in '55, six dollars, and the price of a jackhammer then was about six hundred dollars and it's sixteen hundred now. And you can't continue to do this. I mean everything else has gone up, but the government pays the price and they can cut it, you know, the last couple of years, while everything else sky rockets. And here the government should have been out of it a long time ago or if they're going to be in it, they should raise the price along with the everything else ---?--- it actually have been government---?--- and they paid for it all and for this reason there's been ---?--- private industry.The only thing that will make the money pick up again is a better price and I think that will come unless public opinion gets too hard against new outfits for generating plants. That will be a big boom again if28
 ROBERT HANCOCKthe public doesn't get too much of an ---?--- stop that, if they are, but plus ---?--- pollution's pretty strong lately.ss: Well when you were being paid enough for your ore, they were also, the government was also paying for the hauling of the ore, weren't they?That's right.RH:SS: RH:SS: RH: DE:RH:And now, today it's your job to pay the hauling?Pay the hauling. It makes six dollars a ton difference to me. You used to make a little profit and now you just work.You keep yourself occupied.Keep myself occupied.What have you found to be the most successful arrangement for your working days, do you work six days and off one, how do you manage your shifts?I find the most suitable for me and it works at the Hideout and any place I've been associated with we've always worked ten days on and four off, it's the most suitable. ---?--- a chance when they're off to do something in four days, two days, well that's right,but about all you can do is go down and get groceries and come back, whereas four days, you can vacation a couple of days if you want to. We've always worked ten on and four off. 'Course I don't do this too much29
 ROBERT HANCOCKright at the present because all I'm working right now is just myself and one man, more or less just trying to develop this mine and hope the price comes up sometime, just keeping it operating.DE: That seems to be the general---?--- of everyone in that area there, just kind of wait and see, you know. RH: That's about all you got to do, you can't go in therelike you're going to produce. Because you aren't making much money. I'm sure the rest of them are just like I am, they couldn't be much different.SS: You said you're only here to work on your mine three months of the year.RH: No, I'll be between here and Phoenix the rest of the year.DE: Did, is it always the case or did --RH: No, I lived out here. I moved to Phoenix in '62 andI've been commuting back and forth since '62. DE: That's a nice little commutingRH: It is nice commuting.ss: Do you fly?RH: No, drive. I'm always sure I'll get here though.SS: Well, did you do your prospecting or your explorationwith your airplane?RH: Well, I've tried some of it from an airplane but itreally isn't very satisfactory. I've walked a lot of 30
 ROBERT HANCOCKmiles on land I saw from the air that turned out to be a dud. When we had that big uranium stockpilereceiving plant at the Happy Jack---?--- and I flew over that and took anomalies from there and went way up to Phoenix to ---?--- Canyon and picked up one just as good down there. So we walked five miles and got there and there wasn't really anything, a lot of two hundredth stuff that wasn't minable ---?---SS: On the AEC buying station that they had down at the Happy Jack, I understand that they, the AEC bought the ore, and stockpiled it there and then had to ship it at their own expense later on (to) the mill. Oh, and what about the, do you know if the tailings from the VCA atomic plant were later reprocessed?RH: It does seem to me like the VCA hauled that off later, I'm sure they did.DE: Um-hum, because I understand that they discovered it was very poor.RH: It was very poor and I believe the last time I was down there before, quite a while before the---?--- the pile of tailings was gone. I believe they hauled it off to their plant in Durango at on point.DE: Have you ever hauled any over into Colorado? RH: No. we've always.DE: Strictly here in--31
 ROBERT HANCOCKRH: Here in Utah. We have tried to make a deal with oneof the better outfits, Union Carbide, a time or two, but they're always interested for a while and then they back off. They did come out in the area a year or so ago, and made an agreement with an individual to do some drilling on their claims and if they found and ore why they would, naturally if they found some in drilling, I mean they'd take back the ore they found, but they didn't find any ore. But they were drilling for the copper so they could take out the copper, so we just never did make any kind of deal. Of course this hasn't really been making a great deal either, the AEC pays for them to ship it to the mill.DE: But the AEC arrangements are supposed to be finished by the end of this year. Does this new estimation look promising?RH: Well, I suppose maybe if the AEC would get out of it completely and let private industry take over why I'm sure you would get a better buy. But if AEC closes in, why their going to have to set a better buy. They've been getting mad at us ever since we started. I mean they've had these two years programs, they're just about asking them back in, but I'm not surethey're good enough. I mean this is just one of these things that have happened since 1945, when they first32
 ROBERT HANCOCKstarted, they had programs like, you know, any government program, in a couple of years and then they're out for a year, and then congress gives them a little more money and they're in again. I'm not sure they're out until they're out. Oh, I think the AEC, they haven't been bad at all, in a lot of ways, but I think that either they have to get out orthey're going to continue buying and get their price up which will afford independent buyers to get their price up. But once they get out then there can be a little competition to it, if they aren't in. Butmaybe if one of the ---?---they get a good contract with somebody and they need the ore, they're going to know right where to get it, but the way it is now,they just pay the government price and that's it.DE: Down around (Grant?) they have their own, the companyhas their own mines, and hire their own men and it's a complete operation. Now this is definitely a competition to the independent men around here. Did the AEC --do you feel that this will open up something greater?RH: Well, not necessarily, I don't feel that either. I think it's just as miserable as far as them--the way it is in Granite and I think that---?--- numbers--- ?--- two or three more years, maybe.33¥I
 ROBERT HANCOCKDE: What if someone came here with a mill and couldpossible get an in with the company to buy from this mill, is this the only way that the independent miner could be helped?RH: I think so, I think that's what the miner needs, to have a mill that would more or less buy from the independent miners, I think there'd be a lot more ore found. But the big mills they seem to put a squeeze on, the only advantage we've got right here at the present is that I don't think that Atlas is finding enough of their own ore to keep from buying our ore. I mean it has been depleting I'm sure, at least talking to them, I know they don't have enough ore to run their mill full-time now.DE: Well, I understand that Union Carbide did like to buy from individuals, or would, I mean still, but of course it's the distance to the mill that was yourmain problem with Union Carbide now?RH: Well, that and our type of ore, if it don't have thecopper, they don't want it. DE: Oh, I see.RH: See, when they're refining the ore, they have to take the copper out to get the uranium out, and---?--- or something, they don't. But that's the excuse that they use.34
 ROBERT HANCOCKDE: Have there been any efforts between the independentRH:producers in this area to perhaps combine and pool enough resources and so forth to establish a mill in this area?Not to my knowledge there hasn't. I don't know, I've never been contacted or anything about anything like that. I've heard rumors lately that there's an outfitin Denver that's been checking the area out and-- with the possibility of putting a mill in the area, but I don't know how authentic this is.Well, I'd like to go back to something very--in the beginning I asked you, you said you came out here in1938 because of farming, and where did you come from? I came out here because I was born out here in Colorado, southeastern Colorado, you've heard of the Dust Bowl?Yes, this is what I wanted to establish; why you came to do farming here.Well, it's so dry out there that, well, you just couldn't grow anything because of the dust. You've never seen dust til you've seen their dust.But there was the Dust Bowl and the results of the Depression that brought your family originally to this area?DE:RH:DE:RH:DE:RH: Well, it wasn't as much the Depression, I suppose as 35
 ROBERT HANCOCKit was just you just couldn't raise crops along there at that time, so we just had to find a new country. We had been headed to Idaho, but we came through this way and it looked pretty good so Dad settled here.DE: And he had you busy on the farm at that time?RH: Well, I didn't work too much of the farm, I got a job here and there, on the farm but you know, for otherpeople, more than for him.DE: Then your first interest in uranium was after you hadmet your wife-to-be?RH: Well, I'd been around it for several years before,I'd never been it, and I had a pretty good life overthere in---?---DE: Well, it's interesting how people do get into theirjobs.RH: Yes. It seems like it's just all---?--- I've reallyenjoyed mining. Of Course I've been in every phase of it from your prospecting to your exploration, mining, every part of it, I've been in.DE: And of all of these which would you prefer to do?RH: I believe I'd prefer the initial exploration, looking for it. Mining's fascinating because it changes fromday to day, but exploration is well, I don't know,you find an ore body when you go out. DE: It's sort of exciting isn't it?36
 ROBERT HANCOCKRH: Exciting, yeah.DE: You mentioned about the stock. Did I interruptanything? You mentioned about the stock. Did yourcompany, or you yourself find this of interest?RH: Well, I'll tell you, it was a real interesting way, not being too well acquainted with the stock and the market, why, I bought a little of the stock, which Istill have by the way. I lost my shirt. But it was real fascinating during the, you know, the forming of the corporation, and having the public stock issued. But it made, after it became a corporation, it made mining a little different, you know the way you carry on the whole operation. It seems that when these-- get from a large corporation like this, there becomes too much waste and I'm sure that there wasn't a third as much money made on the mine, it's just a- -I mean after I quit working for the company I was still ---?--- I saw the cost sheet for the mining. Sometimes it got up to twenty, twenty-five dollars a ton to mine, you're just going to lose your shirt, that's all, and they did. Them fellows at the Hideout ---?--- the cost was high, I couldn't believe it. I always kept my cost down around six, eight dollars a ton, always thought you had to, to make it. By the time you figure the depreciation of the machinery and37
 ROBERT HANCOCKthe replacement that's got to happen; if you want to live, why it's a pretty tight business. Of course I didn't have a big mine like the Hideout either, mine was---?---DE: ---?--- heard ---?--- that the large operation was just too much outlay for the kind of operation around in this area.RH: That's right. But I don't know, it seems like a lot of the companies when they get an operation, they improve the costs, production costs, for no reason at all. I mean all of the people, the presidents and stuff of these corporations don't feel that they belong to it. I mean, they make their money on the mill that they own, and if the mine breaks even, why that's fine. That's kind of the way they operate, really, because I'm sure they have enough intelligent people in their company that could mine it more economical. That's why the--one of the only reasonsthe independent miners existed this long, is because there are so many smaller mines that they couldn't operate at all, and that's why the independent miners have been able to get those, and we can make it,where they couldn't make it.DE: And there still will be the demand in privateindustry where the government needs things for the38
 ROBERT HANCOCKatomic bomb. Is the government still buying it for their reactors?RH: Yeah, yeah, they're still buying it, but apparently they feel that they have a sufficient amount now, that they feel that they don't really need any more. The could blow the world up several times, I guess. But I guess there's going to be reactors for the generation of electricity, why there's going to be a big push for uranium in a few years. At least I've been told by some of the larger companies, that theyfelt that if it really ever goes like it should that there would actually be a shortage of uranium again unless the government will come up with some of theirs but---?--- not actually that much. But then you know after they get all set and all this, then there's going to be a real drop in the business. I mean, after they get their reactors and what they need, 'cause it takes so little after it gets set up, you know, that. But they've found, I understand somewhere that when they put this first reactor in, the first uranium that after you use it, you can take that and refine it again, and use it again, scrub it,or you know what you do with it.DE: But they actually lose a small portion.RH: They lose a small portion is the way I understand it.39
 ROBERT HANCOCKDE: Well, are the independent miners having to get intoother new businesses then?RH: Yeah, most of them have, or are. There's very few ofthem that actually are just independent miners and that's all they do. I doubt if there's well, I'd say a half dozen, there might be more than that, because I don't know them all, but of the ones I know, I don't know only one or two that practices mineral mining, for a living.anything about it. I think the main reason they don't is that, they tell you that it's harmful, but they haven't come out with any proof that this is harmful. I mean these citations, they think that the---?--- 1ung cancer from it but they can't actually prove this because maybe the guy was a heavy smoker at the same time which the two that I know of that they claim have died of lung cancer from radiation, they smoked three or four packs of cigarettes at least a day you know, really heavy smokers, and rough livers too. I mean, they 1ived rough, so their health is going to be bad regardless. And I have a feeling that a lot of cancer can be caused by hard living as well as it can by radiation. If you smoke a lot, thisIs there any fear of---?--- on your part?DE:RH: I don't think any miner that mines really thinks40
 ROBERT HANCOCKdeteriorates your health in general, and then you're susceptible to all kinds of diseases.DE: Well, I noticed the talk about getting diesel smoke in your lungs, have had any trouble with that out at your place? Do you use scrubbers?RH: Yeah, we use scrubbers to get the diesel smoke all out, but it doesn't stay, I mean get rid of that all right. I'm a lot more worried about the oxygen---?-- - that I am about radiation. But, I'm sure there's a certain amount of truth, or you wouldn't have all these different type of regulations, but ventilation's so tight that, there again the independent miner is put under a lot of duress to keep his mine ventilated like they require. The independent, it's getting a little bit ridiculous, too, when you have to air out the whole of the mine as good as what's outside the mine. It costs quite a bit of money to do that.DE: They seem to be strengthening it so much and they have done nothing about the smog in the cities, in comparison.RH: No, and they really won't keep people from smoking, which I think is a lot more harmful. I don't know, the miner is a minority and they can write rules and regulations for him and more or less enforce them,41
 ROBERT HANCOCKwhere can't enforce all these---?---. You know, it's a little bit different whether you're working with the masses or with the few. But I don't know, a lot of these guys that write the mining laws, I'm sure they haven't got a thing to do with it. They set back at Washington or someplace at a table and decide what they want to put the pressure on this guy about and they don't know the first thing about it. You know, they don't even know what's going on out there. They're supposed to have a few miners on that mine, but I doubt it sometimes. Maybe they mine some real huge mine, big company, where they have millions to spend and they can do all these things. But if I lived up to all the federal mining regulations, why that's all I'd do, is adhere to them. I wouldn't put ore out, I'd just be running around taking care of all these rules and regulations.DE: Well, are these regulations through the mail and -- RH: Yeah.DE: Have all these forms to fill out?RH: I don't have any forms to fill out, I have, oh aboutthe first of every year you get some that you send out, veryDE: How about inspectors, do they come around very often? RH: Well, we have one about every month. Pardon me, we42
 ROBERT HANCOCKjust have federal inspectors once a year, but the state comes every month.DE: Do they ever really get into understanding, when they come around to inspect. Do they really come under your supervision to see what it's all about, what is required and --RH: No, when they come up to the mine, they have their regulations and they tell you what you should do, they never ask your opinion, and they tell you what the book says and if you aren't doing it, why you get about a forty page report telling you all the things you aren't doing right. But I always just get the guys jawing.DE: I have, my last question here, is how would you feel, I mean how do you feel about being a part of all this, the atomic age. Let's say after 1945 when the first bomb was dropped.RH: Well, I feel that it was probably inevitable that it happened, and it's been good being a part of it, except I didn't think it was ever necessary to drop the bombs on ---?--- human beings. But I think for our civilian use, if it's used right, it will benefitmankind a lot, you know, more ways than you probably ever dreamed, and I think they'11 find a lot more uses for it as time goes along.43
 ROBERT HANCOCKDE: Well, I haven't any more questions, so if there isanything you'd like to add.RH: Well, in this thing, you could probably talk for aweek and probably never get to the end of it. Ireally wouldn't have anything important to say.DE: We certainly do thank you for your time, it's been avery delightful experience, and so thanks again. RH: Well, I'm glad I could help, if I helped.DE: You certainly have.[END OF T APE]44
 