 MRS. CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN Monticello, UtahAn Interview By Dorothy ErickUranium History Project Tape No. 120 August 12, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 
 Table of ContentsAugust 12. 1970Tape #1:Winter Work at the Happy Jack Before the Boom . . . . . 1Prospecting and Mining and Psychological Effects. Pioneer Family ... .The Ferry ....... .HerFatherandMother.. 4. 8 . . 11 . . . . . . 13 ¥ 15 18 20 Family's Optimism ................... 23 Sellers and Buyers .................. 29 Mine Safety . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33Medicine and Supplies in Monticello The BoomSelling the Mine.Transportation; The Future . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
 
 THE FOLLOWING IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MRS. CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN, CONDUCTED BY DOROTHY ERICK ON AUGUST 1 2 , 1 9 7 0 , IN MONTICELLO, UTAH FOR ONE AND A HALF HOURS. MRS. HANSEN WAS F O R M E R L Y T H E W I F E O F T H E J O E C O O P E R WHO I S NOW D E C E A S E D . S H E I S ALSO THE DAUGHTER OF FLETCHER BRONSON AND THE S I S T E R OF GRANT BRONSON.CH: --have to stay perhaps a month to make it worthwhile, and many times in order to get out they would have to make a trail through the snow. I recall one January the first, when I was expecting them home for New Years, I sat up all night that night waiting, and we had an old Chevrolet coupe. They decided to try the old Mormon Trail; they knew they couldn't get over the Elk Mountain, and some distance out it broke down. They had to abandon the car there and walk about, it must have been 15 or 20 miles to the highway, and Dad even at that age was the one that kept their courage up, I think. How to break trail, "Sure we can make it." And we never went back for the old car. We finally just gave it up, but later they surveyed a road following the old Mormon Trail, which headed southfrom the Bridges and then east down into Combs where it hit the highway. And we used that until Texas Zinc came in to buy the mine, and at that time they built the road that is now at the Combs, which is still a bad road according to standards. Then in connection with that they bought the mill at Mexican Hat and hauled the ore down toMexican Hat from the Happy Jack.DE: Well that was really a territory in there. When theywould start out, and especially during the winter coming
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1back or even going in. In fact at times they abandoned the car. Did they carry supplies with them?CH: Well, no, they made it in one evening, one night, and were lucky enough to hit someone that knew them on the highway and brought them home, but they did walk from early in the evening until about two o'clock in the morning.DE: Did they do most of their work in hauling in the winter time?CH: They did their stockpiling then, and then hauled in the spring when the roads were better. But even then we were stuck on the Elk Mountain half the time I remember.DE: Did you go with them?CH: Often I went down, but I had a small child then, so IDE: CH: DE:would stay more or less at home. I first remember the Happy Jack when we'd be down there. The road was so bad that no one ventured through. This was before the boom was on, so just a stray now and then, and oft times they'd run out of water, gasoline, and we'd have to come to their aid, but it was so still and so quiet and so isolated that you could--you could hear it, it was so quiet. And then of course it changed right after that.After the boom started.After the boom.What about the wildlife around there? You said it was so2
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1still, what kind of wildlife did you have?CH:I don't recall anything but chipmunks. There wasn't even a fly then, which is unusual. But then later, of course, a few mice and rats came in. But at that time Dad saw mountain sheep when he was climbing the hill there prospecting, and they tell me there are still a few there. I've never seen one.Did you ever go prospecting with your father?No, no I didn't venture out. This was an old mining property, as Grant told you, and they mined copper and they hauled it across the river by boat. And it had been there for ages, but we had a caterpillar and an old truck, which partly cinched the deal, I think. When these, Jesse Johnson and Edgar Hayes approached them to sell, they said, "Why not?" Joe said, "I have the cat. I can build the road in, and [in] this truck we can haul a few loads," and at least they backed the purchase price of the mine, and so I'm sure that saved them some.I understand then that your husband and your father both liked to mine.Yes, they were, especially Dad. He was always looking for that yellow stuff, and he still is, but of course it wasgold then he was looking for, and I've tried to tell him since that he's found that, and he's still looking for that lost gold mine. He loves the adventure of it.DE: CH:DE:CH:3
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1DE: Is this the one that was the Spanish gold mine?CH: Well, yes he's looked for all of them, but he'd like tofind one. That searching, you know, he's been in to Arizona and New Mexico. Every time he takes a trip why, he looks for a little gold. But it's just for the fun ofit now.DE: Has he been a gold miner or a prospector?CH: Yes, he's always been a prospector. He had a vanadiumDE:CH:DE:mine in Montezuma which also had uranium in [it], but of course since there was no value he just sold the vanadium.Did he ever try to get paid for the uranium? There were some lawsuits.Yes, after this was all over I think someone followed it through, different companies, and he received some for it, but of course nothing compared to what was taken out. Well, by the time that you bought the Happy Jack, was it named that already?CH: That I don't know. I believe it was. I'm quite sure that I had a letter here from Mrs. Hayes, but I couldn't be sure of that really. And I don't know what they did call it now. There were so many fancy names down there allaround.DE: This is after the bomb had been sent over in Japan, andhad you thought much about uranium when you did buy it?4
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1Even though it was primarily for copper?CH: No, I don't think we'd thought anything about it in particular. I remember that after the mill was started here that they were hauling the yellow cake out all covered in barrels, you know. And that was probably to make the bomb, but we didn't, you know, we didn't take it too seriously then because there was no price set up.DE: Was there much secrecy going on, or wasn't it noticeable? CH: Yes, it seemed to me that there was, because of the fact that we thought it was just the vanadium that they were milling down there, and yet we knew all the time theywere hauling something out in those barrels.DE: You mentioned that, getting back to the mine and your father and husband not coming back as soon as youexpected. Was there any way to notify you?CH: No, there still isn't. I think when it was in full swing down there, they probably had a radio telephone, but wenever had any way of communicating.DE: Did you hate to see them start out?CH: Yes, I always hated to see them go. It was such astrenuous job anyway, and I don't believe Joe would ever use dynamite a lot, and until they found someone to handle that I worried quite a bit about it.DE: Then after, is about a month as long as they would be gone at any one time?5
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1CH: Yes, that's about as long as they would stay.DE: And you really would never know whether they got in orCH:DE:CH:whether they were on their way out?No.What were some of the other things that you can remember about them going off prospecting or their mining operations and how it affected you?I don't remember too much about them prospecting, though, I've wondered since after the boom why they didn't stake more claims, but they did stake 33 current claims around the Happy Jack, but even then when everyone was coming in, none of them went afield to stake any other claims, and I've often wondered why. I guess they just had all they could handle there.Is this the first really producing, and yet I understand it was a mine just for development purposes?Yes, we kept in mind that we should block out the ore in case we had to sell for it, and so it was all blocked out, and I think we had five miles of tunnel when we sold it. It was a beautiful mine in that there was no waste at all. Everything could be hauled. We didn't even have a dime cut.DE:CH:DE: Then you sold it in 195--? CH: 1956.DE: 1956.6
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1CH:After two years of ups and downs. In all I don't believe there's a company in the United States that didn't send some representative to approach us on an option, and then they'd send their option, and we'd read it over and meet with them. And I think it took two years of that beforeit was finally sold.Did the government come in and want to buy it, or to lease it for their use?No, the government didn't, as I understand they just were the buyers of the ore. And I don't believe they were interested in buying any claims at all.Did, well, your father come here because of the area in early times, earlier times, so that you were born here inMonticello?Yes I was. Well, they were pioneers. My mother's father was one of the scouts of the troops or the people that came through the Lone Rock.Who was he?Parley P. Pratt, and though he was only 16 at the time, and so that way they didn't use the route that the first scouts found, which would have been a much easier one than they took. So I believe Mother was born in Bluff,and then later they were called to settle Monticello. But first they stopped off in Bircher where her father had a ranch, and they lived there for several years beforeDE:CH:DE:CH:DE: CH:7
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1coming on to Monticello to settle here.DE: What did they first do when they came here? Farming or--? CH: Yes farming and cattle, especially in Bluff. There were a lot of cattle grazing there. And at one time it was known as the richest little town in the United States per capita. The Texas cowboys would come through with herds that they had gathered or picked up on their way, and they would be forced to sell or find it to their advantage to sell, and so the people in Bluff would buy them, and that way they accumulated quite a herd. And they ran cattle mostly, and then later sheep. Of courseall of them farmed a little in order to live.DE: Then it was religious purposes that originally broughtyour family to this area?CH: Yes, they were with the ones that were sent into thiscountry.DE: And I know that after your dealing in uranium youcontinued to live right here in Monticello.CH: Yes, we didn't have any desire to move away. All of the family is here, and my father and mother and all thebrothers and sisters, and now their family. Besides we can get out any time we want, and we always have. It's such a delightful climate and so many interesting things to do, places to go, but I love to travel. I haven't anydesire to live any place else. 8
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1DE: Do your children live here in Monticello also?CH: I have just one daughter, and she lives in Camp Verde,Arizona, but her two sons love my father and are yearning to stay here, and perhaps some day she'll want to come back, but all the other nieces and nephews if they ever move away are just heartbroken until they can come back to Monticello. I don't know what's in their makeup.DE: I wondered what the opportunities are here for the incoming generation.CH: Well that's probably the reason some of them do leave, because there isn't too much, unless they're teaching school or government jobs.DE: Did you start up any other kind of business after you did sell the Happy Jack?CH: No, no, we didn't go into anything. It was quite a job handling the business end of selling, and just before my husband's death the last payment was made on his check in 1960, 1961. So it was just finalized at that time. So of course that was quite a bit of work to do, keeping things together and investing it.DE: Was there ever any fear on your part about radiation or the actual mining itself?CH: No, I never had any fear of it. I think it's a lot of superstition really, because we have pitchblende here in the house now and have always had it, a big chunk around.9
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1In fact I have some pitchblende up here by the garage, but it's so hard that you can saw it with a saw and polish it like agate. It's beautiful. But I've never had any fear of it. Of course if you worked in a mine where you were breathing the dust, and any mine you're in that danger, I think.DE: Did you ever hear them speak of any special problems they had with their mining operations?CH: No, other than hauling the ore out. I don't believe there were any problems that, it was an easy mine to mine, and getting supplies in, I think, the rails and the cars and especially when they had to take them across that rickety ferry there.DE: How was that ferry?CH: That was a real experience, let me tell you. They had alittle Ford motor which pulled it across and occasionally it held it from going down the river. Driving a truck on it was like--it was quite an adventure as it was tipped to one side, and I think at one time it almost tipped over and they lost their bed and their shoes and a fewmining supplies in the river, but I never did ride across on the truck. Just standing on it and being towed across was plenty.DE: So then, did they have any ramps that they could drive the trucks down and up onto this ferry?10
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1CH: I remember a little launching place, but you wouldn'tcall it a ramp. You just had to guage your speed and jumpon.DE: Well, it was like a boat, or was it more like a raft? CH: It was like a raft, a big flat raft tied together withcables and planks, bolts. It was an antique. I hope theypreserved it.DE: That should be something that really would be historical. CH: I should say.DE: And then the cable, it was on a cable?CH: Yeah, and of course the weight of it would sway the cableway down, but I do remember it was just a little Fordmotor that was doing all the work.DE: That should be a credit for Ford Motor then. Did thisferry run all year long?CH: Yes, it did. They have real cold winters, though theyhave no snow down there, they told me at times it was thirty below on the river, and yet in the summer they could raise dates and figs and all kinds of tropical things.DE: How did they keep the river from freezing?CH: It was because it was so swift, I guess, though ice did float down. But I don't believe it ever froze over solid,and has to be moving quite rapidly on this side.DE: This may be one thing that they'11 ask years later,11
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1because they've done all this reconstruction work in putting on Lake Powell, and so many things they won't have to observe later. Did they ever relate some of thefunny things that happened, or didn't they have any?CH: Yes, everything was funny with Dad because he made life pleasant for all of us. I remember once--perhaps Granttold you. They went prospecting; Dad had an old Ford pickup, but the brakes had gone out on it and it limped along fast, and they went on an old mining road way up the top of Wingate to do some staking. On the way down the road was a little steeper than they anticipated, so they tied a log on it behind, and Joe and Grant said, "We were standing on the log to hold it down. And Dad said,'Now you boys get off. I'll drive this off here.' He said, 'I've lived my life, and you haven't.' So he drove it down with the log tied to the back of it. This didn't do too much good, but he made it somehow." And he was always a riot. He kept their spirits up and kept everyone in good humor.DE: Was he usually on deck when they were at the mine?CH: Yes he stayed and helped two, perhaps two and a half years. Well even after Grant came from the Army he was down there quite a bit. In fact, up until we sold I'msure that although he didn't do a lot of physical work he was there helping when he could.12
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1DE: Did he enter in the hand operation as it started out? CH: Oh yes. Dad was the--probably the one that did thedrilling--a lot of it. And then we hauled the copper to Green River where they loaded it on a train, and I don't remember how many loads or how many trainloads we had, cars, but in two years I would assume it would be quite a few.DE: When you said you loaded it on a train, was this the main track or was this a spur, and of what railroad?CH: It was the main track going out of Thompson. Went to Kennecott.DE: So you didn't have to have anything officially built to bring it in, to get it out.CH: No, we just trucked it as far as Thompson there.DE: Can you remember how your mother felt about all thisprospecting and mining?CH: Mother's always been very good, kindly in that. Dad wasa sheep sheriff, and every spring he went into Wyoming, Colorado, and was gone for several months, and as you know all pioneer women were good with being with their children, chores and stuff, and she was very efficient. I remember that right at the last when it was time for him to come home--we were all very anxious, and of course she had suffered some and needed the woman---?--- it was just something that you accepted along with everything13
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1 else.DE:CH:Now would she have to play the part of a doctor herself, or what would she do in the case of--needed a doctor? Well, we had a doctor here at that time--Dr. Bussey--and though I don't remember too much about him I know it was quite a relief to be able to go down to him when you had a cut or a bruise or sore throat, and it must have given them some consolation to know that he was living here in town. It was later that we were in need of doctors here. After his death, why, we were without one for some time, and had to go to Moab or even farther for medical attention.When did you finally get someone in town?I don't remember the year. They came and went so fast. In fact, we didn't have one that would stay too long at one time. I think we had Dr. Sherman from Blanding, and hemarried a Blanding gal, and so of course he stayed there and made his home there.I was wondering why the doctors wouldn't stay?Well, being so isolated and the type of place, there were no opportunities for advancement. But they don't feel that way right now, I'm sure.So then when the boom came along or about the time in the early ¥sos, was there an adequate supply of everything in Monticello?DE: CH:DE: CH:DE:14
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1CH: Yes, yes, it was quite an efficient little place, and infact I think self-sustaining mostly.DE: I was thinking about the mining supplies. I know there'sa place here now. Did you have mining supplies when youbought the Happy Jack?CH: No, I think we had to send out for steel, I rememberespecially, and the powder. Perhaps they got it in Thompson or made the swing to Green River or someplace, but I don't know exactly where they did order it from. I know they always had to be reordering steel. Always in short supply of that.DE: Did you work for your father?CH: No, I thought it was sort of a passing fancy. You know hedidn't put much stock in it really. And even after they started negotiating south I didn't think, I didn't get excited over it. You know it just sort of ran off like water, because I thought no happiness can come of it anyway. And golly, it's consolation to know you can pay your bills, your doctor bills and not have to worry. rtnever gave me a big thrill otherwise. Oh, some lemonade. DE: Oh, thank you.M: Y ou're welcome.CH: That's service, isn't it?DE: That's delicious. I thought perhaps you did the bookworkfor your father.15
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1CH: No, Joe did most of the bookwork. In fact he did all ofit. And later after they sold he kept all the books. That's why I have old papers and everything here now. And I've been threatening to get them all together because you forget, you forget. All the problems you had fade away. You forget all the nice little things that happen, the nice people that you met during the negotiations. I do remember one fellow's name and my brother, Warren, he's the oldest one in the family, and he worked for them. And when they took him down to the mines they introduced this fellow to Warren, and his name was Mr. Pancake, and Warren said, "Oh, you must be kidding." He thought that was a big joke. He said, "Oh, you're kidding me." And some, you know if you could just remember all the little interesting things that happened.interesting. Course as you go along from day to day talking about it, you think about the little extra things that come out. On the spur of the moment they just leave you.DE: Did you have many people bothering you because you were in the uranium?CH: Oh yes. They came thick and fast there for a while. In fact, we'd get calls at two o'clock at night from NewThat's right.DE:CH: It would be--it would make any conversation more16
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1York, you know. At least when it was daylight there they'd start calling us. And it seemed to me like there were so many coming and so many talking big, you know, of millions, that I could see that it wasn't going to be too good for Diane. She was then just entering high school, and you know how children are, or young girls. They getinflated ideas, so I moved to Arizona with her and she went so school there during her freshman and sophomore year. So just to get her away from all of it, because it seemed like she had big ears and was getting the wrong impression entirely, I took her down there for a lot ofit, and Joe was gone a lot anyway, and they'd meet in New York and Denver. Countless places to try and work out some deal that would suit everybody. So I stayed down there with her part of the time during that time. So I didn't miss out on a lot of the negotiations.DE: But the town of Monticello did swell as far as population was concerned?CH: Yes, I believe it did. Some, I kept, when they built the mill down here and all the mill codgers, everyone oriented to the--it was quite active at that time, quite exciting.DE:Did you feel then that it was a--what were your feelings about all this happening around here other than infecting your own family?17
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1CH:I could see that it was good for the country in that everyone seemed to take a new lease on life. Of course the schools were better because there were more going to school, and a little new blood in here with a lot of vim and vigor and excitement, you know. It started to get to everybody else.Did these new people coming in join in?Very much. They were the exciting and very interesting people to be around. It seemed to me 1ike they were always having parties, and one Christmas I remember nine parties in six days. In fact, there were so many we just had to double up, and due to that mostly because they would entertain, and everyone wanted to get their turn in during the Christmas holidays. So it was real exciting. Were these mostly company people, or were these prospectors as well?They were mostly company people that were here with the mill and that stayed for several years. In fact I don't know how many years they were here.Now I have to--I was going to ask you about the mill. Did you have any dealings with the mill at all other than the people that worked with it?No, we didn't have any here at all. The pilot plant kite fizzled out on us, and then it later was shipped to Durango where they processed it again, I suppose, andDE: CH:DE:CH:DE:CH:18
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1then we probably hauled a few loads up here. I don't know for how long, and after Texas Zinc bought the mine they, of course, took the mill at Mexican Hat.DE: Were you glad to sell, or would you have liked to stay in the mining business?CH: No, we were all glad to sell, especially with Dad, because he was getting too old to spend too much time in the working end of it, and that's why we can keep an interest in it mostly, like the---?--- and working end of it. So he wanted to sell it out entirely and live off what he had and enjoy it. So we looked for that kind of a deal, an outright sell. And mostly because of him, I know Joe and Grant would probably have liked to have kept an interest of some kind, at least in the royalty way, but they were thinking of Dad, and I 'm glad we did, because it was such a headache for him. He didn't like to sit for hours and listen to them talk, because half the time it didn't work out anyway, and he's always been very restless, and so we couldn't keep him still that long. It was quite a relief to sell it outright and know that Dad wouldn't have to worry anymore about the business end, because Joe was taking care of that. As the payments came in he just handed it over to them, their share, and theycould do what they wanted to. Dad's really been wise and has enjoyed it. So he doesn't, he does support our19
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1grandkids through college, and he's sent them all out with so much a year. After Joe's death they could see what he inherited, and so I've had a talk with them, and Dad had decided it would be much better for them to useit now then to have any trouble when he passed away, so I'm sure he's taken care of them and done so much good when they needed it.DE: Then he's had the opportunity to see somebody enjoy it?CH:DE:Yes, they all have and will for some time, because a lot of them are still in grade school, and of course they'll all have their college fund to go to school on. They can go into business if they don't want to.You mentioned one thing, and I was wondering if since you did take your own daughter away from this original boom and what it might have meant to her, did the affluence reach out, and is it reaching out because they haven't had to struggle as your father and husband and brother?CH: No, I don't believe so. I can't see any change. They're all pretty level-headed and they're very grateful, but still when they come home from college they scurry around and get a job, you know. They don't have enough that they can just sit around and let the fund send them to college. And then with my own daughter, she married, and though she didn't receive anything from the settling ofthe estate, because it took all of us in Joe's name to 20
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1settle that. I set up a few trust funds, which doesn't do too much, because they have a growing family and they are always in need of a new house here. Then they've sold two that I know of and started over, which is just like going down, so they're always struggling, and I think it's goodfor them. I think it's the best thing that can happen to them. In fact, my great worry is the two little grandsons who I set up a trust fund for and at 21--18 I believe I set it--they're entitled to the whole thing. They'll get the whole thing then, and I'm sure that it won't be a wise thing to do, but it's the only way you can do it, so they're my greatest concern.DE: But as of now you feel that there still is rugged individualism persisting in the family?CH:Oh yes. I can't see any change. I know it hasn't affected me any. I do the same thing. I'm as frivolous as I ever was. It just hasn't penetrated, I guess, and then the fact that you can't hire any help here. We've had two boys working in the yard, and after so long they leave and you can't find anyone else, and you never can find anyone else now, so you have to take care of it. And I'm sure I wouldn't be happy if I didn't. My husband will tell you that they can't please me anyway. I'm so used todoing it myself to have it done well so--DE: That's what I was going to ask you, if you could hire21
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1help here, and you've already answered it.CH: No, its impossible.DE: They seem to have quite a high welfare rate, and Ithought perhaps this was a source of labor supply.CH: Perhaps that's why they have it, because it's much easierto be on welfare than to work for someone.DE: Can you see anything that you would have changed lookingback?CH: No I've enjoyed every minute of it, really. In fact,until my husband's death I could brag that I had never been unhappy in my life, and I mean I'd wake up in the mornings feeling happy, feeling that all was well with the world, and I'm sure that's due to the way we were raised. Because my father and mother were always happy, always looking on the bright side. If they didn't feel that way themselves, they made us feel they did. They's say, "Oh come out and look at this beautiful sunset. Did you ever ---?---." and we were raised that way. Though we didn't have a dime sometimes, that never bothered us. We always had plenty to eat and plenty to wear according to the standards of the time, and there was great entertainment here. All my father's brothers were great singers, artd there was acting, stage shows which they all took part in, and I'm sure they were as great as r thought they were if I could see them today. They had22
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1some real outstanding talent. And my father still is a good singer; we tried to get him to Arizona to record his voice, and at 85 or 6 he still sings lovely. He goes skiing in the winter, bow and arrow hunting deer hunting, snowmobiling, arrowhead hunting. In fact he was breaking horses this spring and was thrown off, jarred up some, but when we get after him, check up on him, why, heand I just--but he was doing it long before I was born, and he was sure he could take care of himself. But he's full of life, and in fact he skis better than I do. And one day up there I wanted to record it, but I forgot to take the camera. He was skiing with his daughters and his granddaughters and his great grandchildren--which is quite a thing, I thought, and on the hill he looks trimmer than any of them.DE: Maybe he gets his stamina from walking the rims out here. CH: Well yes, and he's always lived a rugged life here in that everything they did they had to do for themselves. If you wanted a horse broken, you did it. If you needed some supplies, you hooked up the horses and the wagon and went to Dolores, Colorado, or to Thompson and freighted them in. So they've always had to do everything for themselves. And Dad's never known what it was not to work, and he'd be wretched if he wasn't busy every minute. He raises a big garden down on the ranch. He has23
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1a ranch where he raises wheat and a few calves to put in the freezer, and every year he plants a big garden and then tries to give it away to somebody.DE: Where did you say his ranch is located?CH: It's about six miles east of Monticello here. He andGrant have one, I believe, for 68 years. It's a good feeling that an old man and father gives them a consolation to work if they want to and take care of it. In fact Grant was plowing for wheat, I believe--he went over the allotment planted. They enjoy it.DE: Now is it located in Colorado or--?CH: In Utah.DE: It's in Utah. It's in that area that they use forfarming? CH: Yes.DE: Does he live there by himself?CH: No, do you mean on the ranch?DE: Uh huh.CH: Oh no, he just runs down there. They don't stay on theranch at all. They go down and plant it and hope for thebest.DE: Well it sounds like you've had an enjoyable family life. CH: Yes, we have a wonderful heritage. I feel very fortunatebecause they're all well, and we're still all together except for Joe, and other than that the family as far as24
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1I know hasn't had a death in the immediate family, and so I just remember all, though I don't see them all every day or once a month. Just the fact that you know they're here, you know, gives you quite a secure feeling, and probably if they were in other towns you'd be much more attentive than you are living next door to them.DE: Did you just have the one brother?CH: No, I have two brothers and two sisters. I have an olderbrother and then two sisters. Grant's the youngest.DE: Was it just your husband, Grant, and his father who werein the uranium business?CH: Uh huh. Just the tree of them. Though my older brotherworked for us, and Joe's brother, later, and two brother- in-laws worked down there, and then we sold the Happy Jack. We leased the main one of the claims--the Sunshine I believe it was called, which they worked for five or six years after we sold.DE: Who were they?CH: Warren Bronson, my older brother, Ace Halcom, my brother-in-law, Ralph Lawrence Cooper, Joe's brother, and ArthurCooper his younger brother.DE: And then they're the ones who took over the Sunshine. CH: Sunrise.DE: Oh, Sunrise. I want to get this straight.CH: Then besides them there was several others that worked 25
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1there. Probably at one time as many as eight or nine.DE:CH: DE: CH:Other than the people in the family that they had to hire?Yes.Do you know whether or not they ever hired any Indians? No, we didn't. The Happy Jack isn't on the reservation, and at the time we had it, it wasn't even on the school section, so in order to stake it, we had to pick out a monument, some landmark, and say so many miles and such, and it wasn't surveyed until just before we sold it. Infact, it wasn't, I think, about the only place in San Juan County that wasn't on school section area down there.It would be interesting to know why.I often wondered whether or not the geophysic survey was through all this country, and yet that one section there that wasn't on a school section, and as far as school there was none until they did get surveyed. There were no corner pegs--that was the main thing. We didn't know how to tie it in exactly by measurement, since there were no corner sections in our area.Then you had to pay for having it surveyed and everythingDE: CH:DE:before you sold it?CH: I don't believe we did. I believe that Texas Zinc did,because they wanted to have it done, and in order to do 26
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1that they had surveyed it, and yet I'm not sure whether that's exactly right. Perhaps Steve did it, you know, because of the--it was overlooked in the first place no doubt because of the tax for school, and they probably did it.And once you made a find there it brought it to theirDE:CH: DE: CH:DE: CH:DE:attention?Yes. It's an interesting country.Well, I certainly appreciate talking to you.I wish I had jotted down a few things, but sometimes I can recall a lot of little incidents.Incidents?That makes it more exciting. But right now I--just so far in the past it seems to me like. It really isn't, but it does seem like a long time ago.You haven't had any dealings in the recent years, possibly, and this is the reason you haven't thought too much about it. I will make a suggestion that when you get your edited copy back, your transcript, for you to edit and you go over for verification, and at that time youmight wish to change something or block something out, but most of all we ask that if you feel there is something more you can add to fill in something you feel would be of an advantage, and as you mention some of these things that don't come to mind right now just could27
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1 possibly come to you then.CH: If I go through some of the records, I'd have all kinds of things to tell you. I do remember the first company that approached us--Morrison Company, and then the rest of them came and went, but I remember I'll never forget that first one, and I believe at that time if they'd have put a little pressure on we'd have sold for practically a song and a dance, because all the time we were kabobing it, and not overnight, and it just kept going back and forth, going back into the hills, branching off and as we worked along and struggled with negotiations, why it grew invaluable as well. But it's very interesting, especially afterwards I always felt sorry for the fellows that sold it in the first place, and yet they knew it had uranium in [it] and had been miners, but I couldn't help but feel how I would have felt having sold the property like that, and they both lived here; one in Blanding, one in Bluff,and we'd see them frequently, but it was just sort of a feeling I would get. I don't know whether anyone else ever had it, but--DE: But it happened to be the way it turned out for you.CH: Uh huh. And they probably consulted somebody else for a couple of mines, in fact they were trying to, to several other people, and they probably would have done anyway. I shouldn't be soft-hearted about it. But you can't help28
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN #1but think of them once in a while.DE: Well the country was looking for reserves at that time. They were looking for uranium.CH:Yes, I don't know the history behind it. I've wondered why there wasn't a price bond other than that was...[END OF SIDE ONE]...the radium treatments, but to have a market policy,there just wasn't any.There was no vanadium in the Happy Jack, am I right?No, no. On the outcrop there's a little tunnel up inside; it was mostly copper. So I was mistaken probably, or at least more attractive for copper, and after we begun awhile or when we first went down, it was just pure vitrol, the copper, and then uranium was just likewhen they refined it, it was pure yellow cake, at least our portion every spring or---?-- and you could just rub it off the wall and just leach outin yellow soapy material.It was the most beautifultime to do that; green, the blue and the yellow all mixed up in there, and to look at it I suppose thatit was the most attractive mine because of the different colors and the fact that they kept thetunnels so neat and tidy and blocked it off soDE: CH:well. It was sort of a showplace really.DE: People then kept calling you during the middle of the29
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1night. Were they the ones that came down and looked through the mine too? Did they come down to investigate?CH: Oh yes. They'd go down to the mine and look at it. A lot of them just came together, assignments you know, on lease, and it went through several hands or quite a few, and of course I believe they're all sincere, because they were all with big companies trying to sell it to them, and when the company wasn't interested it would fall through or if we weren't. And I don't think anybody ever thought it was as big as it was. They would have takenit, there would have been more activity, because at that time when we built the Happy Jack uranium was just supposed to be in the what formation? The Navajo.DE: You mean in the Morrison?CH: Morrison, and this was in the Shinarump stage. "Oh, it'simpossible, you couldn't have that in the Shinarump," and in fact one geologist that wrote a report on it worked for the AEC, and he claims that he was fired because he wrote this report. They said it just can't be there. And we couldn't interest them in it. In fact, the VCA in Durango were the only ones that believed that it was there, and at that it was hard to separate the copper and the uranium, because they had never had the experiencewith it before, and it's a difficult process. So at first they lost quite a bit of the uranium--didn't regain what30
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1they wanted to. The other companies were a little leery as to the formation of the thing, and then of course later Charlie Steen found his in the Chinle and it, naturally, they found out that it could be almost any place where it was found. But that at first, just becauseit was that they didn't have much faith in what it would amount to. So I think that's why we weren't overwhelmed at the time.DE: Then you weren't ever really plagued by the government officials looking?CH:No, and at that time they weren't bothering us with these safety restrictions that they have now. They'd look at it as a safe mine because we didn't have to timber, but the inspectors, I don't believe we had three or four all the time we were working here until later after there had been a few accidents and things like that. We were never bothered with them. I guess they figured we had sense enough to keep it safe for our own use.You never had any accidents there?No. I don't believe there was really any after Texas Zinc took over. I'm sure there wasn't. And then eventually they've had to put in blowers, air, but when we operated it, we just cut cross tunnels which supplied all theventilation we needed, and since it didn't go down in the ground, just went more on the level into the mine withDE: CH;31
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1the cliff, we always had good ventilation there. In fact, they used to feel cooler from the gushing, and I remember Dad saying that he left the eggs in the mouth of the tunnel, and so he went down to get them one morning after they blasted the mine and he said, "Well boys, we're going to have scrambled eggs," pardon me, he said, "We're going to have scrambled eggs for breakfast." It had shattered the eggs and---?--- leave to close you know would just be blown out, but it was probably one of the favorite mines in the country.DE: I'm going to ask you again if you will think of these things from time to time.CH: Yes, I'11 be glad to. I've been going to tape the material I have, you know, and along with dates and a few interesting things. I've been wanting to do it for a long time--get al1 of it together, put it in a book, but because it's fascinating history and the comparison of the road and now, which isn't very good now, but then I remember this 15 hours. Say we went down to check on something at the mines, and though it was only 75 miles from Blanding, about 90 miles from here, it would take us 15 hours to make the whole trip. So it was really--the roads were so bad that we didn't even try to haul outtoward Blanding and over to them. It was much easier for us to Hanksville.32
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1DE: Did you have to use special four-wheel drive at thattime, or a truck?CH: I don't even remember a four-wheel drive. Our JeepDE: CH: DE: CH:DE:survived the war. I don't think they were available then. We did have a truck, but we hauled ore in and later found another one. But it was always tough, I remember. We had to carry a wrench along so that we could pull it out, out of the mountains. So I don't believe we had four-wheel drive at all here.They began to use them in World War II.Uh huh. Until then I don't think we had them.Well, I certainly appreciate your time.You know you never get around to these things somehow. Sometimes a person comes along and jars you.This is the purpose of the Uranium Industry Project, Oral History Project. Too many people never put it down, and if we can get as much of it as possible concentrated in one place, this will be duplicated and a copy of each thing in, one in California State College, Fullerton, and one in the University of Utah. So there will be two research centers, and we have just begun to get the surface, but there have been so many of these people thathave been involved, and many things are happening to them, and so while they will remember and while they're around to remember, we hope to get it down, and the33
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1people who have made the history, so the facts can verify themselves.It's a good idea, because everyone thinks different, remembers different, and we still have Bronson and Cooper Mining Company. It's still--and we're keeping it together because we have 22 claims around the Happy Jack that are being leased to Atlas now. They were leased to TexasCH:DE: CH: DE:CH:Zinc, and we figure they were mostly just guard places. They're fun to go around in, and at the time they're mining now and mil1ing it. So I don't know how good they'll be, but we've kept the company together because of that.So you are still a part of the uranium?Yes, a small part.There's a possibility then that only time will tell what will be coming along in here, and so you'll continue to hold on to this?Yes, we'll hold it. At the time we sold the Happy Jack we leased all the guard places, and as long as they do theassessment work they can hold it, and---?--- of mining the Happy Jack we'll probably turn it back, and until they do, they'll keep up the assessment---?--- open.DE: You are the owners of the mines or the claims though? CH: Yes.DE: Thank you very much.34
 CLEONE BRONSON COOPER HANSEN # 1 CH: Are you planning on--?[END OF INTER VIEW AND S I D E TWO)35