 JOE MEYERS AND WALT BORLA Helper, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project No. 2June 29, 1982American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLAJUNE2 9 ,1 9 8 2Background and Citizenship Information Miner Baseball League .Chicago Black Sox ScandalOffer to Play with the Chicago Clubs1Table of Contents6 13 25 33 43 54 60 66 78 . 93 104 114 Joe's Career and Retirement from Helper Police Department122Industrial Baseball LeagueBaseball in Y ugoslaviaUse of Regular Umpires in the Miner Leagues . Miners' Reaction to Paid Baseball Players . Organization of the Helper Baseball Team Overseas Adventures during World War II . Mining Strike affects on Baseball .FBI Communism Investigation of the NMWMining Company Intolerance to Worker's Unions .124
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA IN HELPER, UTAH, ON JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 . THE INTERVIEWER I S NANCY T ANIGUCHI.NT: Joe Myers served as the Helper Police Officer for a number of years and is an old-time baseball player and he plays on the old-timers team every year. Walter Borla is currently involved with baseball in the Carbon County area and writes a sports column for the local newspaper, The Sun Advocate. This interview will probably beJM: NT: JM: NT: JM:NT:JM: NT: JM:confined mostly to sports, but hopefully we will be able to get some other information on how that affected life in regard to the coal mines, particularly the coal mine baseball teams here in Carbon County. Now, you told me you were born in Bingham.Yes.When were you born?March the 23rd, 1908.And why were your family up in Bingham?Because my dad came from the old country, and a lot of Yugoslavs come over between 1900 and 1910. My folks came here in five, 1905, single, and they got married in 1906, and I was born in 1908.How about that. What was your family name? Was it originally Myers?Myers, you bet.Huh.You see what happened on that... Most of teachers were Mormon teachers and they couldn't spell these "ichs" on
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 there. So some fellow that had a little more education that the ones that just come across, he was studying law. He had been here years before these people came and he got the citizen paper s for them. And the naturalization people said that these names are too long. Tomlonvich andZeecovich and Myervich, and all that stuff so they cut off from two to several letters on each name. And they really want that done. They didn't want it done. So those days, you didn't have to go down. You could get some, he got the appears for these people- - first and second citizenship papers- -for five dollars. And they didn' t have to even appear, like they do now. So he got these papers for these Tomanovich and Zeekovich and Myervich and Starkovich and they all cut them off. They cut Myervich to Myers, Tomanovich to Thomas, Zeekovich to Zeeko, and Striliis to Strili, they cut all the 11 iovichs11 off. So when they got their papers , like I , and when we started school, naturally, we were named by that. A lot of people thought that I had my name, that they were ashamed of our names because we were Yugoslavs, see? But that isn't' the idea. Our parents had that done beforethey got their citizenship papers. NT: I see.JM: Now they wonder how I can be a Yugoslav and have the name of Myers, which is a German name, really.2
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: Yes.JM: So I used to go to school and they say, "How come you'reMyers, you're not Myers." and I'd say, well... And I had to bring my dad and my baptismal papers and show them where I was Myers. My dad was Nick Myers and my mother was Mary Myers. And Nick Tomanovich, he was on the highway patrol here and they always wondered why he cut his name off like that, and he didn't do that, the parents done it. Because the school teacher, like I said, I'd say that 80% of the school teachers were Mormon gals and the principal couldn't spell those names. Had one heck of a time spelling so they figured the heck with it. They're just being citizens now, let's give them the name. And let them go by that, let the kids have the name, and not have all these problems.NT: Do you ever wish       had the original name?JM: No, I don't. Not that I'm ashamed of it, but it kind of makes me feel bad some time when they figure you're a Yugoslav and you've got a German name. And Thomas is nota Y ugoslav name.NT: (Speaking to another person) Hi! (Break in taping)NT: Why don't you finish the story on how you got to Sunnysi-de.JM: How far did I get on that?NT: Well, you were just in Bingham and had your name as3
 JOEJM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Myers. I guess you were just baptized.At this time in 1918 and I was 10 years old and had five children. My uncle was living with us. And he had asaloon in Salt Lake on 3rd South and he had one in Park City. So when we moved to Park City and mother was a widow for three years, and she married Ms. Broderick. What was your uncle's name?Mike.Mike Myers?Myers.So she married Mr. Broderick?Married Mr. Broderick in 1921, I believe it. So that's,it must have been two years, but anyway two or three years from that time we moved to Sunnyside. Thirty, twenty, I was twenty I guess. And things were slack around. There was kind of a depression on around these quarts mines so the coal mines down there were working pretty good. So we moved to Sunnyside.Yes. So had Mr. Broderick previously worked up in Park City?He was working in Park City.I see. And then he, why did he, how did he hear about Sunnyside?Well, he got some friends that moved down here from Park City to these coal mines. Spring Canyon, and Standard-NT: JM: NT: JM: NT: JM:NT:JM: NT:JM:4
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 ville and up here and Sunnyside and up to Waddison and Hiawatha. So he came down here to Sunnyside. And then he had a friend up there.NT: Who was that?JM : Andrew (or Androus? ) Sporcich . NT: What's the last name?JM: Sporcich. S-p-o-r-c-i-c-h.NT: Okay.JM: Andrew.WB: Frank's father.JM: Huh?WB: Frank's father?JM: Yes.NT: I forgot to ask you. What part of Yugoslavia was yourfamily from?JM: From Zagreb. A little village this side of Zagreb . ..about 15 kilometers from Zagreb. That's the capitol ofY ugoslavia. NT: Yes.JM: And that's where Tito's from. That's why I'm so proud to ...WB: That's his uncle. It's a joke.JM: Yes, he was going to put me as a colonel but he died. Butanyway, we were there and that ' s when t his baseball thing started there.5
 JOENT: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 In 1920?In 1920 is when they started importing ball players here, and on all these camps around here. They gave them jobs. What they'd do, they'd send one of the officials of the company down to the coast, either to V ernin(?)--V ernin had a team in the Coast League--Los Angeles, San Francis- co, and they'd go down and pick up these rookies that couldn't cut it. And they were only given $250 a monththen in the Coast League, a regular ball player. And the highest-paid ball player in the Coast League was $700 a month. That was the early 1920s. So these fellows come to Sunnyside and they got a job $200 a month and they give them the job just to fool around the blacksmith shop or in the tipple(?) or in the mine cleaning the track and to have them around. And they'd get off twice a week in the afternoon to practice. And they only played on Sundays. And they were getting $200 and if they won a ball game, they give the pitcher $50 extra.NT: That's a good deal.JM: And one day, Dr. Denton and I was the only local boysthat played on them team. We weren't regulars, we were substitutes. And one day, we played Price. Braken Lee was our governor, and mayor of Price and Stephen Peterson was playing with them. And I don't remember some of the other guys, but anyway ...6
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: ---?---JM:WB: JM:Who?Lefty Kliker?Lefty Kliker. And anyway, I had gone up as a pinch hitter and there was two men on and I got a double and won the ball game. And in those days they had silver dollars. SoI took my ball gap and went out picking up those dollars all over here and there. Fifty cent pieces and dollars-- there were no paper money then, it was silver dollars. It was the only dollar they had. I got 75 bucks!W ow!And I had it in my hat. And I come home and dumped it on the table and my mother said, "Where did you get that?" And I says from playing ball. And she says, "No, you don't play ball for a living. You go in the mine like your dad." And I says, "I'm going to be a professional ball player." And boy, they didn't like that. You know,the foreigners, in those days, you went and done what your dad done, that was it! If he was a blacksmith, you were a blacksmith. That's the way they were in the old country. For generations. And they still had that in their system, you know. So, she says, "That's your money,I don't need it." And she didn't feel good about it. And we had some boarders. Mother always had a boarding house in these mining towns, and those boarders were reallyN T : JM:7
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 tickled. Man, they were so tickled. I was just a kid. I was only about 14, 15 years old. So anyway, we stayed with a team there, and then the chicago Black Sox, they had a scandal and they were still together traveling. And we had a ball park that was a gravel pit, really. Inthose days, you didn't have no grass. And Dr. Demn and I was just substitutes on this ball club because all these ball payers were imported. And every team in the county, Kennilworth, Price, Hiawatha, Sunnyside, Helper, and Spring Canyon ...WB: Castle Gate.JM: ... Castle Gate ...WB: Tracey Jones .JM: Yes, and a lot of these teams, were, I would say, 50%professional ball players that had some experience in professional and class B, D, or C or whatever. But they had been professional; they weren't major leaguers or coast leaguers but they were class C and D. So they stayed here and we had some ball clubs here. We used to... And then they'd run the special train around these mines around here. They'd have two or three of these passenger cars and all the people, wouldn't even lock their houses, they'd get on that darn train and go up to Hiawatha or Sunnyside or wherever and they never locked the doors on their home because they were just like one8
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 big family. And there were people that were there for a long time that wouldn't, these attractions coming in like you know, they were staying there and they'd been therefor years.NT: Yes. So they just go from camp to camp to watch theJM:NT: JM:WB: JM:WB: JM: WB: NT:JM:games?That's right. And there wasn't many cars in those days. The only people that had cars was the superintendent and the mine officials and a doctor. As far as a miner having an automobile, that was out of this world!When did the miners start getting cars?Oh, about 1924. Twenty-three or 1924. I know that we gotit 1923, we have a Nash.Model-Ts and Nashes come out ...That's right. And Studebakers and Oaklands and Huttmo- biles.Dodges were ...Dodge had always been out.My dad had a Dodge, I remember that.Huh. Now, when you picked up the $75, you mean to say, when you, when somebody hit a good ball, that people would throw money?Why they would even, those fellows that had the money,they'd have ten twenty-dollar bills in their hand, and there was no grandstand, they'd sit in their cars. There9
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 were no grandstands. You sat in your car or on the bench lines and some guy would come up with ten dollars, "This guy don't get on first base." Five dollars this guy don'tout. They wereWB: JM:NT: JM:NT:JM:NT: JM:WB:JM:the sideline .a hi t. Or t hi s guy strikeseven getmoney...Money onOh, they didn't want you around . Anddollars was no , you knowAnd so then if they won big because you won the game, say, they'd throw the money out?Oh, heck, yeah. And then they, these kids would come down here and they were making more money playing the in this semi-pro team here than they was on the Coast League. But they weren't getting anyplace, you know what I mean?Y es.They weren't proving themselves as being professional baseball players.As I understand it, Joe, there was a lot of rivalry between the superintendent Taylor, a regular rabid baseball player.Do you know what they'd do? They'd make out a check forfive dollars in those days , lady . Therewhat I mean, it wasn't like it is now.Yes.And there was always money. And these superintendents used to get together and bet on their teams.10f ive was
 JOEWB:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 500 bucks.They would compete for the players back and forth.And they were spending money like it was...JM:WB: It was a big rivalry between the superintendents them-selves.JM: And this kind was the baseball kind; you don't think itwasn't. NT: I know.WB: They made it kind of a personal thing, too.JM: You bet.WB: Their company had the best team.NT: Who would the check go to? The check for $500, who'd theymake it out to?JM: They'd give it to the ball club or keep it. It didn'tmake any difference. Usually they'd turn over to the welfare. You see, what happened, during the winter months, all these mines would take a dollar out of your payroll check. They didn't have checks then, they had cash. They paid cash in those days; they never made any checks out. But they deduct one dollar a month, one dollar a month, twelve months out of the year. And during the winter, they'd have dances and shows--which didn't cost the people any money. That's for that camp. And in the summer, every one of that dollars went into the baseball. And they had uniforms out of this world. They11
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 had ...WB: Medford shod Castle Gate every Wednesday night.JM: That's right. And then in the summertime they'd have baseball. Whatever, have their picnics and everything else. And every camp had an amusement hall in it. Like the auditorium, every one of them. Kennilworth's, CastleWB: JM: NT: JM:NT:JM:Gate's, Sunnyside's, Hiawatha, Moreland, Ohatis, and all of them had these places. And they'd have these dances, and each one of these towns had a band, didn't they? Yeah.Each town had a band, now believe that or not.And the welfare fund paid for that?Yes sir, all of that. Didn't cost you a nickel, only a dollar out of your check every payday.And so if your team won, then that was for your welfarefund the superintendent would pay up?That's right. That money I got was for me, individually. What I mean, you know, anybody else that got that, only that was their individual money. But if you wanted to trade over, which we didn't do because we weren't making a heck of a lot, you know, but the superintendent and those guys, they'd naturally turn it into the welfare. They called it the welfare fund.I see now. What was it you were saying about the Chicago Black Sox?NT:12
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1982 JM: Well, they had a scandal, do you remember that?WB: It was in 1918.JM: Yes, during, well after World War I, the Black Sox had ascandal. And they brought their team through here andthey played in Sunnyside.WB: You see, actually, in the major leagues, they were thesame team that's in the major leagues now, the Chicago White Sox. But, some of the players threw the ball games; they had big bets made. And they threw the ball games purposely collecting money from the big betters on theside. So then they banned these players from organized baseball for life. They could never play any more organized professional baseball. The commissioner of baseball was at ---?--- He just outlawed them, and nobody would let them ever play professional baseball ever any more in their lives. So then they organized this team and that's the only thing they could do was organize a team and barnstorm throughout the country. So as a consequence, instead of being known as the Chicago White Sox, they became known as the Chicago Black Sox--because of this black mark on their names, see?NT: Right.JM: Oh, they came ...WB: Al Sicotti, and there was big names... JM: Charlie Brown, Al Sicotti and ...13
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: Outstanding baseball players, but the gamblers got to them and they threw the ball game. It happens today withNT : JM:WB:basketball, especially, where they have point spreads . Ye s .That's really the worse one and only one. I never really---?--- really that bad.Yes , well , you see , when Landis come i n as commissioner, he cracked down on them.JM: Yes, he cleaned them up.WB: And he was a judge. And they appointed him as commiss i on -er of baseball, and he ruled with an iron hand.JM: He was a supreme court judge, wasn't he, at one time? Sohe knew what he was talking about.NT: So did you see the Black Sox play?JM: We played and they beat us two to nothing.NT: You played them?JM: They played up in Sunnyside.NT: Oh.WB: You see then ...JM: You see , we had teams coming through. We had the col oredJeffersons' Giants from Chicago; Kansas City Monarchs,Kansas City; . ..WB: House of David and--JM: The House of David came through here. And then theHollywood Bloomer Girls came t hrough here. 14
 JOEWB: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 29 , 1 982 Tokyo Giants.Tokyo Giants, from Tokyo, came and played here. We played them up here at this park .What years was [sic] this?Well, this was in the 1930s, wasn't it? Twenties and 1930s.Twenties and late 1920s and early 1930s. That's great!NT:JM:WB:JM:NT:JM: So this is really something. This is, you know, you'retalking about a small town and then, even Satchel Paige. I played with Satchel Paige out on the coast, and he came through here and saw me and then he was with the House of David and he only pitched two innings and Grover Cleve- land Alexander was the manager.WB: Yes.JM: They used to pitch for the big leagues. So you hadbaseball around here and that was out of this world, fora little town like Helper. NT: I bet!JM: You really can't believe it.WB: These Chicago Black Sox, they had no other recourse. Theywere banned from professional baseball. The only thing they could do was organize a team and tour the country and play the small towns. And, of course, with the name and everything, the people were anxious to see them and15
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA J U N E 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 they really drew big crowds.JM: Oh boy!WB: And then the other touring groups, like the House ofDavid, the Tokyo Giants, and that, they just barnstormedthe country every summer playing all the teams and... NT: And then they would charge admission for those games? WB: Oh, yes.JM: We had, I was with the House of David one summer duringthe depression in 1929. There were 30, I was with Phoenix in the Arizona Texas League. And they disbanded half of the---?---. So Dick Atwell and I, he was with the House of David when I carne down here, we hooked on with the House of David. We went down to Benton Harbor, Michigan, where they don't eat meat, you got to grow a beard and a mustache!WB: See, the House of David players all had beards, like baseball beards.JM: And you know how many states we toured? We toured 27 states in 3 months.WB: Oh, yeah. They were on the go constantly.JM: We had a big rope, about two inches around, and we'd pull--we had an old Studebaker and an old Grand Page--and we were pulling each other half the time. We'd go three hundred miles at night and slept in the cheapest hotels and eat in the cheapest restaurants, and we was towing16
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 each other around and our uniforms were out of this world. They were, they turned green. What I mean, I had to ride, out of Benton Harbor, Michigan, I had to write my folks for money to get home.NT: Oh, no.JM: Let me tell you. You talk about a destitute outfit, thatHouse of David... of course, later on, they played the, you know, we used to play the major leaguers. In San Bernadino we played against the Pittsburgh Pirates. We'd go down and play the Cubs in Catalina Island and then we'd go to Phoenix and play the Chicago White Sox there. They had a spring training. And the Cleveland Indians were there in the places. And they made a little money, but it went to the House of David. And we lived on nothing.WB: You see, in those days, major league baseball was confined. St. Louis was the furthest team west. Confined between St. Louis and New York. There weren't any teams any further south than Cincinnati, Washington, D.C. And then consequently, they played and the country focused on, the attention focused on those teams during the summer. Then, during the winter, these players would get together and form these things like Joe's talking about. They'd tour the "good-weather" states. Go down through Phoenix, L.A., and down through the south. They would do17
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 that just to make extra money, and of course, to keep playing baseball. And they were really a big attraction when they would come into Phoenix, where they'd been reading about these ballplayers all summer long, they'd come in there and say, in November, play a series of exhibition games, people would flock out to see them. They didn't have televisioni they'd just been readingabout them in the paper all summer, see.NT: Sure, sure. What was the House of David?JM: It's a colony. It's a kind of a cult. I couldn't exactlysay cult ...WB: I don't' know if it's a cult or what, but...JM: When I was down there, I was only there three days alltogether, 'cause we were on the road...WB: Is that where they were, Benton Harbor, Michigan?JM: Benton Harbor, Michigan. I'll never forget it. We got offthere, and I'm telling you, mister, no meat, you don't eat no meat. Of course, I eat meat, the hell with them! I got meat when I get it. And Dick Atwell, he wouldn't grow a beard. And we told Alexander, we told him we weren't going to--he needed a third baseman and a shortstop. And we happened to be out of work and they come down--Grover come down to the Wrigley Field down there--and we happened to be having practice down there,just monkeying around. He said, "I need a third baseman 18
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 and shortstop to tour with us for four or five months." So I thought, I asked Dick, I said, "Well," I says, "what do you think about it?" So we went over and talked to him; no contract s, no nothing. No nothing. So we hooked on with him. And I'm telling you, we traveled. Boy, we were, I weighted 181 pounds and when I come home I weighted 147 pounds. My folks had to mail me money to get back and I took a cab from the depot and I got home andI had two suitcases and I was dark as a negro and losing all that weight. We were on the go, you know. We traveled 300 miles and played a doubleheader the same day.I saw the House of David play several times, but I never knew too much the background of it, and they had to be ---?---, and they were a good team.Let me tell you, t,hose guys were all major league ballplayers, buddy. But they got to drinking and just like the Black Sox, they fouled up somewhere along the way. And they were young guys, they weren't all old. You get Tucker, and Bass ...David Bass came to Bingham and pitched...Four of them came to Bingham.I know Bob Wilson was living with them. Bob W ilson, Robinson .. .Yes, Robinson ...... Bass , there was four of them they hi red to beat us up 19WB:JM:WB: JM: WB: JM: WB: JM:
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 at the U.S. Mines. They hired. And Bass, Benny Bass was a good pitcher, left-hander, do you remember?WB: Bennie Bass, yes.JM:So anyway, it was something that was worth it. I wouldn't do it again for anything. I'll tell you one thing, it was rough going, boy. And we were towing each other around, it was funny. And we'd pack a big can of water in the back of that car, on the bumper, and wire it on there. And I'll tell you that car boiled all the time. The pump would go out on it and oh, it was pitiful to see. Why, we pulled each other around more than we drove.They had a grueling schedule, I guess the drive all night ...We had to be there, you know....and play ball the next day in some little town and leave again ...But we got down south in Alabama, in Arkansas, buddy, let me tell you. They played barefooted. And it was an experience that you couldn't buy. You couldn't buy that experience to see people that lived that way.It made the mining camps look good?Oh.That's hard to imagine.Ira Lowke(?) came out from Arkansas. Do you remember? They hired him to play Hiawatha. And he played shortstopWB:JM: WB:JM:NT: JM: NT: WB:20
 JOEJM:WB : NT: JM:WB: JM: NT:JM:NT: JM:WB: JM:NT:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 barefooted.He still comes out there, Old-Timers' games, and plays barefooted.Pl ays barefooted, puts on quite a show.Now, what position did you play?Third base . I played third and the outfield and I ' d pitch a little, once in a while.You were primary third baseman--I was third base, yes.How did you get, all right. You hit the double at Sunnyside and you made the 75 dollars and you decided to be a ballplayer, how did you really get into it?Well, we left Sunnyside and I went to California. Things were getting kind of rough around here, the mine only worked one day a week. This was in 1926.Okay.So I finished my three years of high school down in Lincoln High in L.A. And I made all-city, which would practically be all-state here. Big high schools down there.Bigger than that.So then Roger Hornsby come out to a ball game. We were playing for the city championship and luckily I got two home runs in that ball game .Good .21
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: And he was scouting, he was manager of the Chicago Cubs,NT : JM: NT: JM:and he was scouting around. He happened to be in town. So he come over and he talked to the coach, he says, that's what the coach told him. So after the ball game, he says, "How would you like t o play pro ball? " And I says, "Uh."I really didn't, you know, think I would like to, you know, I heard about how these guys travel and all these divorces and everything and all this, and I'd read quite a bit and talked to these ballplayers. Because I played in that winter league down there and I talked, I met a lot of damned good ballplayers in that winter league down there, we had down there, during the off-season. Man, we had Babe Ruth down there and Hornsby and all those guys. Charlie Gerringer and all those guys who were stars in major leagues. They ' d come down there and play a few games just to draw the crowd.When did you play in the winter league? Before t his? Yeah, before, while I was still going to high school. Oh, okay.See? They had a winter league down to, the studios had a league. They had about, I think they had about 26 semi- pro leagues down there in L.A. Anybody that had nine men had a ball club. The studios, all Metro-Gold and Mayer, Yogi Brown, Bustler keaton, Ann DeVorach, Fox-Hill Studios, they all had a team . They call ed it the Movie22
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Colony Team. And I played for Joey Brown, then. That's the guy, you know, that was part owner of the Pittsburgh Pirates.WB: Yes, he went later on the Pirates. JM: That's right.WB: JM:The guy with the big brain.And he could put a baseball in his mouth and you couldn't see the ball. (Laughter) Now, that's no lie. He'd go outthere in infield practice and he'd take that ball, he had lips from here to here--his lips were clear back to his cheeks. He would open his mouth. You had seen him in the show, he had a mouth that big--and no problem of putting that baseball in his mouth. He put his lips [so] you couldn't see that baseball. Now a lot of people don't believe that. He used to do it for fun. And he was no ballplayer. He could not play peanuts. But anyway...A lot of those people in the movie colonies, they were really interested in baseball. Well, even right now... Well, you know, one of the reasons they had all these teams is they wanted to get these good semi-pro ballplay- ers. You'd be surprised how many guys, young kids that got out of high school that made professional baseball out of Deluxe Studio league.Oh, yes.You mean, the kids would go to the studios because theyWB:JM:WB: NT:23
 JOEJM:WB: JM:NT: JM: NT: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 wanted to play baseball?They'd get a job. And then he'd get us in pictures. I had been in several pictures, just playing on the field, at Wrigley Field. When Joey Brown made "The Big Leaguer,""Diamond Dust," there was another like ... "Annabelle Ike"We went out there in uniforms and we'd just play catch out there and everything, and they give us $10 an hour. That was good money!But that wasn't very often.Yes, right.Then I got in a picture "All Quite on the Western Front," which through playing ball for the studio, they, instead of going out, they'd hire 10,000 people or whatever they needed and then it was just a matter of an hour or two, now and then, and we picked up a few extra dollars. Which wasn't too often. But we were there and they'd say, "Come to work tonight."And was that during your high school?That was after I had went out, I hadn't worked at the studios.Oh, okay.We used to all get jobs playing baseball, you know, there.Okay, now I got to get this in order. You finished highNT: JM:NT: JM:NT:24
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , school and Rice(?) Hornsby was scouting? Right?J M: Y e a h .NT: And he offered you this job? JM: That's right.NT: Did you take it?JM: I didn't take it right then. NT: So then what did you do?1 9 8 2JM: So I went out and played for Joey Brown in the winter league. And he still wanted me to come out. And Jack Lalaville was the manager of the Los Angeles Angels. There were no major league ball clubs on the coast then. There was a Pacific Coast league. There were no major league ball clubs until the Dodgers came down from Brooklyn as L.A. Dodgers.NT: Right.WB: Dodgers and Giants.JM: Was that 1950? Or 1940? Forty. Forty.WB: No, it was the early 1950s, no, about 1948, 1949.JM: Forty-eight or 1950, anyway, say 1950. And they bui lt ,this is another coincidence that happened, they built the Dodger ballpark on part of the lot where my house was--on North Broadway.WB: (In French) JM: (In French) NT: Oh my God.25
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 29, 1982 WB: Did you live right up in there, Joe?JM:WB: JM:WB: JM:WB : NT: JM: NT: JM:I live right on Salano Avenue, right, in fact, the police academy and the ballpark is built on that street I lived on.Is that right?The police academy' s right out on l eft field. Between left and center field is a police...right there today, the Los Angeles police academy.Still there?Still there. What they done, they cut the hill off like over here and built the ballpark on top of that hill. That ballpark is there .Yes.But , ---?--- there.You were playing for the studios?That's right. And then in 1930, I believe, or 1929, we were playing the Cubs. And I was signed up with Los Angeles in the Coast league .You were a Los Angeles...NT:JM: Probably the Los Angeles Angels then. The Los AngelesWB: JM: NT :ball club and the Cubs were sister teams, in fact, the Cubs owned the Angels.The Cubs owned a lot of teams .Wrigley owned both ball clubs--the chewing gum man.R i g h t .26
 JOEJM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 He owned both ball clubs. So if you got pretty good, you got on the Cubs.The L.A. team was their top team.WB:NT: Top farm team?WB: ... in the majors.JM: The what?WB: Top minor league team they had.JM: That's right. So they had a ball club that won the championship the year before and there was no chance of me breaking in, no way! So they sent fifteen of us to Bisbee, Arizona, in the Arizona-Texas league, which was a "D" league. That was a farm like the Bees are, I mean the Salt Lake Gulls are, for a so and so, Seattle or whoever. Major leagues. I went down there and the third baseman got his leg broke after four months after I was down there, so they called me up. And I was hitting pretty good, I was hitting about .312, I think, I can't remember. And I finished the season with a .299 and thenI wrenched my knee, I pulled some tendons in my knee, andI couldn't play regular.NT: But you were with the Cubs there for a while?JM: Well, I was with the Cubs, but I didn't, I went toChicago for one month. Where I got, let me get ahead ofmy story.NT: Okay, I'm sorry.27
 JOEJM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 So I finished the season with that torn leg with Bisbee. No, I didn't, I went to Amarall. I went to L.A. and got hurt. So they kept me on the team the rest the season. So Jack Lawless said, "You know, that leg's not too good," he says, "You know, you've been hitting that ball pretty good, but you can't cover any ground." So I thought, well, I got disgusted. They wouldn't play me much, and Ithought the hell with it. I want my release, and they wouldn't give it to you. So they thought they'd send me to Phoenix. They sent three of us to Phoenix, and I done pretty good. I had about a .299 average and I had a pretty good year. So they figured, they asked me, Hornsby was down there, he was planning an inner-club game with the Cubs, so they put me in as a pinch-hitter and I get a double and the bases were loaded. Lucky. Just one of those times that I probably shut my eyes and got a hold of one and it kind of helped me out. So he says, he says, "You stick with L.A. for another year and see how that leg comes out." So I says okay. So it's spring training of the next year, in 1931, I went down to Catalina Island with the Cubs. And Stan Hack got married and he had been drinking and driving a car. Killed three guys and I wasunder that car for 17 hours! In a wash, we hit and run into some wild goats on the island there.Is that right?WB:28
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA J U N E 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: I was laying under this car and I tore my kebis(?) tendon. On the same leg. So that was it. I was in thehospital for, I think thirty-three days. So Horsby toldme, he said, "I think you're done."WB: You ride out on the island, then?JM: That's where our spring training was, at Wrigley. WB: Wrigley owned that island.JM: He owned the island and he owned the boats going over there. He owned the damn island. All the whole island. That was the father, not the junior. The junior didn't do the job his dad did.WB: They sold the team now.JM: Yes, they have gone. But he was a, and they said that aslong as he lives, I've heard this statement, there will never be a night baseball game in the Chicago Cubs' ballpark. There never was. Not to this day.WB: Still haven't got it.JM: But they're going for it now.WB: They w ill.JM: They seem like they're going to get it.WB: They will now.JM: But he said a long as he was, owned those clubs... theLos Angeles got it--not the Cubs. And you go to Wrigley Field in L.A. and you go down in Chicago, they're the same kind of a ballpark. All brick wall and they got29
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 those vines going up in the outfield.NT: Yeah, right. So when you finished your ball career, what did you do?JM: I went down to Phoenix, and I, they gave me a job as a coach down there. And I couldn't, I just, I was preju- diced. I just didn't want to, I wanted to play and I couldn't. I tried it and couldn't cut it. My leg was gone. I still got this tedis tendon all tore up here in my knee, that same leg. But, anyway, that was the end of it. I stayed there and then the league broke up. In July. That's when the depression was really hitting it. And about 10 or 12 leagues back east broke up. "C" and "D"leagues broke up. There was only a few leagues going and they had a lot of ballplayers and they'd pick them up as they were going along. Our guys had played good ball in the American--END OF S I D E ONEJM: my family was down there for three years.WB: Oh, they had come back?JM: They'd come back, they would not stay there. There was ahouse next to us that the people left there for a couple weeks and there was a gas leak in the house and they come in and the old Mexican filled the lady's pipe and blew the whole house and killed all the family.NT: Oh, no.30
 JOEJM: NT: JM:WB: JM:NT: JM: NT: JM:NT: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 So my mother and dad said, "That is enough of that." Yes.So we were there three years. The family was. I was there 10 years off and on. The family come back. And they builtthe home in...When they came straight to Spring Glen?Well, they went to Consumers first, and then they built that home in Spring Glen.When did they build in Spring Glen?1933 during that strike. 1933.Yes.And then I came back in 1934, I'd come back before, but in 1934 I come back. And they were squabbling over the Utah State League. They wanted to put Helper out of the running. So ...Wait a minute. Explain the squabble. Who was squabbling? Well, they were squabbling about Helper being too far out of the way from Salt Lake and Provo and everything. And he wad a pretty good ball club and we were taking those guys quite a bit. And you know, those guys from BYU, theyhad those guys from BYU in the Provo Timps and Utah, Kenny Beveridge had the guys from Utah University in on all that. And they had, we give them a run for their money every year. So anyway they don't want to come down here so they just absolutely ousted it out.31
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: Well, what they did, they just said, "We'll form a new league." They did put that new name and the IndustrialLeague left Helper out.JM: They had to. They had to change it. They had no otherWB:JM: WB:JM: WB: JM: WB: JM:choice. I went to the meeting . And they had to change the name from the Utah State to the Industrial League. Now Passick and I had an argument about that. Was Price ever in the Industrial League?They were together with Helper the first year they went back in.No, they only stayed about three months, wasn't it? They started out together . They' d play one game here and one in Price ...That's right.... and they went to about July and ...And they dropped out....they dropped out and they ended up here.And that was, then he told me that those guys got together down there and Stubby Peterson and those guys got together and they had a, they were Industrial League. I said, let me tell you, "Price was not in the Indust r i al League."No, no. Just that one year, Joe, was the very first year. Withus.And I think it was 1938.WB: JM: WB:32
 JOEJM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Y es.--When they finally got back in the Industrial League. JM: Yes, that's right.WB: But when they kicked us out of the State League, then weplayed in that Central Utah League. JM: That's right.WB: Remember, with Payson and Nephi, Dividend...JM: That's right.WB: Another team down there.JM: Then in 1934 L. A. Walker came down from the U.S. Mines,and he knew we weren't in the league. So he come down to talk to me and Luke and Tom Jackson and ---?---. And he says, "I'll give all these guys a job." And it was tough here, no work.WB: There was no work here.JM: So he said, "How many ballplayers do you got?" I said, "Idon't know how many I can get up there." I says, "Can you give me a full ball club?" I said, "Maybe I could get you more."NT: Wow.JM: He says, "It's worth a lot of money for us to have a ballclub up here." The Gemma club was already in the CopperLeague. WB: Yes.JM: So he says, "It's worth $20,000 to me to have a ball club 33WB:
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , at the U.S. Mines."NT: Now, this is up Spring Canyon? JM: Bingham.WB: No, this is Bingham.NT: Oh, Bingham.1 9 8 2WB: The U.S. Mines was clear up the head of Bingham Canyon. JM: That's right. So anyway, I says I'll try it. And he says, "I'll give you a week." So I talked to these ballplayers, all out of work. NT: Yes.JM:Zacheria was working on the yard over there, pulling clinkers and he didn't work very much. And Sluga was down around the joints down here. Luke was on the railroad working one or two tie of runs. They were all out of work. Dutler didn't work. Tom Jackson and, I got about nine fellows from here.Did you take Tony Grisman up there? He was up there.I took Tony up there, yes. Tony, Joe Veccio, Johnny Reed, Frank Zacheria, George Sluga, Tom Jackson, Dick Bra- zier... I should have wrote these down. But anyway, we had more of about nine or ten guys and then I got the rest of them from up there.You managed that team, didn't you?I managed that team for four years.Now, how come it was worth $20,000 to Walker?WB: JM:WB: JM: NT:34
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: Well, they'd never had a ball club there and they were his rivals with the Utah Copper--it was the Utah Copperthen, it's Kennecott now.NT: Right.WB: Very similar to the rivalry they had in the coal camps. JM: And let me tell you, there was rivalry there. And there'swhere they put out $500. Mr. Walker put up $500 and the superintendent of the Utah Copper. I can't think of his name, I should know it. They put a $500 check on home plate before the game started. And the umpire took $500 dollars from each of them and give it to them after the ball game. The four years we were up there, Gemma Club but us twice in four years. And they hired four guys from the House of David.WB: Yeah. Pee Wee (?) Bass and Doug (?) and... JM: Robison ....WB: Was Herb Babcock in ...JM: Herb Babcock.WB: That's the one you're trying to think of.JM: That's the one I couldn't think of.WB: He was in the House of David.JM: And we had a pitcher up there--a lefthander--he couldn'tbust that glass from here. And he, McCliver was his name, he was about 55 years old. And he was a cook in the hotel. And he could throw a ball down there, just barely35
 JOEWB : JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 reach the plate, and he made those guys look l i ke monkeys.Ye s .They wer e trying to kill that ball and they'd ask me who I was going to pitch, and I told them, I said, "I'm going to pitch McCliver." "Put somebody e l s e i n there , please!" They'd throw their hat down and... They just couldn't beat us , the U.S . Mi nes . That was 1934, 1935, 1936, and 1937. Four years . And so then , wel l t he league broke up. The Copper League broke up and then they started in that Industrial League.That's right. So anyway, then Brigham City come in and I come back down here. And Brigham City come in and Ogden come in--they had Becker's Beer come in.Becker's Beer, yes.A slick ballpark, they played at, where the Ogden . . . Reds were playing.That's right. That's when "What's his name" was managing that team. Gus LaStarza, LaCarza, of the Dodgers? He managed the Ogden ball club.Lasorda?Lasorda, that's right. In the Pioneer league. Tommy Lasorda.Tom Lasorda managed the Ogden ball cl ub .That was in the Pioneer League.WB:JM:WB: JM: WB: JM:NT: JM: NT: JM: WB:36
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , JM: In the Pioneer League, yes, it wasn't in the ... WB: Not in this league.JM: Oh, no. In the Pioneer League.NT : Gee.WB: That's right. Lasorda was up there.JM: He was up there. He was up there one year.NT: Huh.WB: That was in the Pioneer League. That was class "C".1 9 8 2JM: That was a class "D". It was a farm for the coast.WB: But when they reorganized it into the Industrial League,then they let us back in. JM: Yes.WB: The team went in as a Carbon team. And they were playing one game here and one in Price. I remember they used to run a bus from here if you wanted to go to Price city games, when they had the games here, they'd run the bus from Price up here. It went along about half the season. They didn't get any cooperation out of Price. Nobody would go to the ballgames down there. They didn't have a good ball park, so they dropped that. And it was strictly Helper and they played up here all the time.JM: Yes, they thought we were prejudiced. Of course, Helper and Price never did get along.WB: There was a lot of rivalry between them.JM: There still is. Exactly. But still, they didn't have the37
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 ballplayers down there that we have up here.WB: They never had the baseball down there. They still have never had it.JM: No. But they supported us good as far as the fans were concerned. They'd come up here.WB:JM: NT: JM:They'd come up here, but... to have a ball team in Price, they just didn't seem to go.No, they just weren't sports people like we were.Why do you think that is?Well, I don't know. Of course, Helper's been this way as long as I can remember. I remember when I was a kid, I used to come down from Bingham down there and we lived in Salt Lake and saw ball games over where the Red Round- house, do you remember?They had a ballpark over there.They had a ballpark since I was born, practically. I mean they had good ball clubs down there. They just ball crazy down here.Always was.You could hear about Helper, I don't give a damn where you've. . . I heard about Helper when I was in Berlin during the war.Y ou're kidding?You bet. This damn town of Helper, as far as you know, things are going all . .. think there ' s only one place inWB: JM:WB: JM:NT: JM:38
 JOEWB:NT:JM: WB: NT:WB: NT: WB:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 the world, and that's Helper, Utah. Not because I'm here, because you can hear that from people that's been down around there.They obviously have been very much interested in baseball here through the years.Well, how are the leagues organized originally? I mean, how, if you wanted to get up a league, what did you do? What do you mean?The semi-pros or the professional or ... ?The, well, whatever they had locally. Say, at first the coal camps.Yes, just locally. It was ...The superintendents would get together or what? Primarily at first, was the coal camps themselves. The coal companies themselves were organizing their teams. And, of course, they formed the league and they had their own association within the league, the officers and soforth. But, it was the coal companies at first, wasn't it, Joe?Yes.--That was pushing the baseball.See, they didn't have anything. They didn't have radio, they didn't have anything in those days.The ball game on Sunday was the big attraction for the whole town .JM: WB: JM:WB:39
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: That's all you had. And dances and picture shows.WB: That's all there was. Dances on Saturday night. Thepicture shows weren't talking ...JM: Oh no. Black and white and they put the...WB: You read underneath what they were saying.JM: Yes, you'd read it underneath what they were talkingabout. Silent pictures.WB: I saw a silent picture in Castle Gate.JM: Makes you laugh, doesn't it?WB: I can remember that.NT: So the coal companies were the ones that got it up? WB: In this area.JM: Well, they, the miners were the ones that started it. They wanted a ball club. How we going to get a ball club? We can't have no local guys, there are no ball players here. And it originally started from importing ball players--where it started from. And what I mean, they got some ballplayers here. We had Heinie McNoosha played with the Washington Senators, up at Kennilworth. We had Tom-- what was Tom's name up there that pitched for the Pirates? Little Tongan, worked in a blacksmith shop? We had China Brown and we had Mike Creevish. We had guys that later on had been in the major leagues, that played around here.WB: Was that Carl Mays that ... 40
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: Carl Mays ...WB: --came--JM: Carl Mays was in a boxcar and a guy was killed and threwin a box car during the night in Grand Junction. The sheriff called and they gave the number of the box car. And Carl Mays crawled in this car.NT: Oh, no.JM: There was a dead man in the back of the car. You couldn'tsee in that boxcar. So they stopped the train in Price and they had the number of the car and they went in there and this guy was dead. And Carl Mays didn't know about it, but he was a suspect in killing this guy.WB: Picked him up.JM: So they picked him up and they didn't have enoughevidence for him and then they put him out here and theygive him a job for the city and he pitched for Price. WB: Yes.JM: And later on, what did he go, to the Washington Senators? WB: He up to the Senators ... Big leagues.NT: When was it that he was here, pitching? When he waspulled off the train?JM: Twenty-four or five.WB: That was before my time, Joe.JM: Twenty-four or five, I'm sure it was. Yeah, it was 1924because we bought a Nash from Frank Williams, I'll never 41
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 forget it. Twenty-four. That's when they started putting the sedans out. They were all touring cars.NT: Well why did the players want a ball team? I mean, you have, like your family's from Yugoslavia. Do they play baseball in Y ugoslavia?Oh, yes. They do now, they didn't used to before.JM: NT: JM:But they didn't then. So where do these...What started this in Yugoslavia and over in Germany and Berlin was World War II. We went out there and showedthose kids how to play softball in Berlin and then London and around, they didn't know what the heck it was all about. They never played no softball or anything. Played soccer and whatever they played, but they had tennis. But as far as baseball, they didn't know beans about it. Well then how did these people from, that came here to mines get excited about baseball, because if they didn't have it in the Old Country?W ell--I think what she's getting at, Joe, is this: why, like my folks, who came from Italy , yours came from Y ugoslavia, why we as children, as we grew up, we want instant baseball? I think it was more an outlet as something we could do to maybe mention the community and get into themix of things. And we all got together, we all played ball. I mean, that was the thing. They played ball overNT:JM: WB:42
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 here, when I was in first grade, I guess. I started going to the ball park to play ball. They didn't have little leagues then or things like that, but the American Legion was sponsoring it all the time. You can get on the American Legion team, and we were fortunate in the early1940s, to win the state championship, what, three times out of four?Three times, yes.And we were second place the fourth year. And in those days, we were just coming out of the depression, no one ever went anywhere. I was 16 years old before I ever saw Salt Lake and I went there to play baseball with the American Legion team. There was a chance--if we get onthe American Legion team, we're liable to go somewhere. Right.The first year, 1940, they won the state championship. They took the team to Phoenix, Arizona. Well, gee, everybody was at the depot and we watched them get on the train and everybody was excited and... and waiting for them to come back, you know. Well, a kid was that tall and he saw that. "By Golly, I want to play ball, I want to go on something like that, too." And the next year they won a state championship again. They went down to Stockton, California, and it just built up that enthusi- asm. And then the first year I was on the legion team, weJM: WB:NT: WB:43
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 took second place. We went to Ogden and we took second place. So we came back the next year. We won the state championship again. We got on the train and went to Denver. It was the biggest thing that ever had happenedin our young lives. It was the first time we had ever rode a train. I'll never forget that. We got on the train over here, and they put us in the old Pullman sleepers. Two-thirty in the morning, the train pulled in, and we were all late to the depot, I guess, the nine o'clock depot. We get on there and we all get to bed and nobody's sleeping. Seemed like it went for ages and it stopped in Green River. We jumped up and "We in Denver yet?" Wasn't even daylight yet.Just like I told you, there's only one place in the world, and that's Helper. I'd rather you tell her about it.I think, Nancy, it was an outlet for things that we wanted to do. And to get together and play ball together and do things that may probably never had a chance to do before.Right. I guess it probably the same, then, back in the 1920s in Sunnyside, huh Joe?Same thing.Same thing. And there was nothing to do. Just like I was telling you. The picture show, the dances and baseball.JM:WB:NT:WB: JM:44
 MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1982 And in fact, I didn't tell you about a soccer team. They had a few soccer teams here with these Englishmen. Nowthe bosses in these mines were, came in from England, because these people here weren't trained for these mines. And I remember when they'd send to England for a mine foreman or a superintendent. I remember that.that.WB: Jim Hudsteel(?) and Cascade(?) and Southworth. JM: All of them.JOEI know there are a lot of English mine supers here.WB:JM: That's why. These people weren't experienced enough forWB: JM:NT: JM:They were all English.Because they were Old Country people and they were far ahead of us in mining. See? But this baseball has been something around here that you just can't believe it.It sounds like it.Because they started out from that big, like Walt was telling you, these kids won these tournaments in the American League and state tournaments, you know, for a little town like this. And then they didn't go out and get ball players from all around, importing them, they used their local stuff here. That's what makes it good. Every kid that played on our team lived right here in Helper .That's right.WB:JM:45
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: Goll, that's amazing. Who are the umpires for theseJM: NT: JM:NT: JM:games?Well, they hired the umpires and they paid them.And where did they hire them from?Well, they just had an association, just like your major,just like your professional baseball.Yes. So all over?They'd come down and they'd travel around... two umpiresis all they had, didn't they, Walt? WB: Yes.JM: Base umpire and--WB: They never used more than two.JM: And they paid, what did they pay them? Pretty good....They paid them an expense and their traveling andtheir... they made a pretty good money.WB: Run pretty well. They'd have an umpire association justas they do these days and they'd belong to it and thenthey'd assign them to the games.JM: They'd take examinations and, you know...WB: Text, exams, and...JM: Just regular baseball.NT: Yes. So there wasn't any regular umpires, it was justwhoever they got that day? There wasn't a particulargroup that always came to this area? Or was there? JM: Well, they changed, you know what I mean.46
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: Yes, sure.JM:It wasn't just two umpires here and there. They'd change off. But, when they first started this thing, they didn't hire umpires. They had local guys and they had troubles. Because the local guys would cheat for their home town. You go to Kennilworth, and boy, I'm telling you, you'd get in a fight. And they figured, that's going to stop. We're going to get these guys that just don't side in with nobody and you got to get them... And they go to these schools for umpiring and they got to be fair. Because, you know, one bad play that you call could meana ball game.Sure.They had some fights up in Sunnyside, let me tell you. Remember the old engineer- -Gene Gibson's dad- -was his name Gene also or...?No, his name was...I forget.No, it wasn't Gene.But anyway, he used to tell the story. He was the engineer, the locomotive engineer. He would say, "I have to have the train ready to go. Because when the game ended, if it didn't end right, there would be a big fight and everybody would run for the train. And as soon as everybody was on, I'd pull that loose and away we'd go.NT: JM: WB:JM: WB: JM: WB:47
 JOENT: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 People would chase and throw rocks at us."Oh no.But you'd never believe people that were foreigners here, that didn't know beans from buttons about baseball, they'd pick up their kids and their diapers and go to the ball game. You can't believe it. People that didn't know no more about I run this post office. But they went. They'd have a kid playing ball and they were there allthe time.And they were pushing them, I'll tell you.I remember older fellows like old Sam Raquele and Jim ?---'s dad and some of those guys... Sluga's dad. Yes.Step-dad ---?---Yes.They were always there at the ball games. They may not have known the finer points of the game, but they were there and they really enjoyed the game.And you know what? I hate to say this, but my mother and dad had never seen me play ball. Never.Oh, my gosh.And I played a lot of baseball. They had never went to my gall games. And I'm not ashamed to admit it.Well, why not?Because they didn't like it. Like I told you about thatWB:JM: WB:JM: WB: JM: WB:JM:NT: JM:NT: JM:48
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 money.NT: That's right.JM: I got to work for my money. What the heck do they callbaseball? Work or... What is it? Play? Boy, I tell you, my mother really got mad. "You ain't making a living doing that." And when I signed a contract to play pro ball, that was a scene. "You going to go around and travel on the train." She said, "all those people get divorces." My sisters was the one that clued her on it. They wanted me to get an education, see? I had a scholar- ship to go to USC, to play baseball. And I gave it up to go play ball. Which I wasn't sorry, because I got all bummed up and I just couldn't help it. Just one of those things that happened. But, those scholarships down there,if you played good baseball in those high schools. Down here they didn't have scouts. Down there if you played any kind of bat at all, they picked you up. Around here, these kids are good ballplayers here, they didn't have a chance because there were no scouts here. First scout we had was Mickey Scannon, do you remember? He was scouting for the Dodgers and part-time for the Cubs. Then he asked me if I'd help him. And that's when we got Sluga a tryout when the Bees were here, the Salt Lake Bees. And Sluga had those hip problems and he just couldn't cut it. He's had problems with his hips and he'd never make it.49
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: When was the time that he came to scout? For the firstscout?WB: I think he was around here a long time ago, I rememberJM:WB: JM: WB: JM: WB: JM:him as an old, old man.Let's see. Mickey Shater was...Scannon.Scannon, he was, he managed the ---?--- team. Managed ---?--- and that ...And that's when he was scouting for the Dodgers. Yeah, he was kind of a ---?--- scout.That's right. And then he asked me if I would help him. Then he says,"You get so and so. And if he makes it, I'll give you a few bucks," see, which he never got. I never did get anybody. But that's when the scouting started down here and he went around here and asked me about this kid and that kid and then he'd come down and watch him play.Was it in the 1930s or the 1940s?That was after we left Bingham. 1937, about 1938 or 1939. 1937 ...I reckon it was around before ...Well, what's Mickey around here when he's... Hell, ---?--- and that was a long time before that.Scouts were looking for baseball players back as long as baseball employed.NT: JM:WB: JM:WB:50
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: Yes, but they didn't come here, I take it.WB: Well, they did travel around. You might not even know ofthem, but they were around. They'd get a tent fromsomebody and they'd show up.JM: You wouldn't even know they were in the grandstand.WB: I've seen them show up at the grandstand up there, andthey got stop watches and ...JM: That's right. They won't tell anybody they're down hereuntil after the ball game and then they'll go to the manager and say, 11 I've been watching so and so over here, 11 and he says, and then he talks to the manager, you know, and they talk and talk. And then probably they played, whatever the team ---?---, they'd send somebody else out there. Because a lot of kids couldn't cut it to the fact that there was a scout out there. (transcription is really difficult as there is something wrong with the tape)NT: Right.JM: They tried too hard and they just, you know, theydidn't ... the better, just let them alone and ... NT: Sure.JM: But these kids around here didn't get a chance because, like my myself, if I hadn't gone to school in LA, I'd never got a chance down here because who's around here? Nobody.51
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: Yes.WB: Not too much. And then the sunny season is too limitedhere, too.JM: Well, you don't play in the winter four months. You seedown there, Walt, you play in the winter league down there and there's a lot of kids picking up in that winter league. That was a fast league down there, mister.WB: W ell, a ll those big leaguers would come down to LA during the winter and they'd played with those...JM: Babe Ruth came down there, Charlie Garringer came down there. And they'd stay maybe two or three weeks and they didn't want no money. They went down to draw the crowds for these kids. They didn't give a darn about the money. They were making good money in the major leagues, but they would... and they were for working out. That was part of their job.WB: Well, it was farther ... keeping their hand in the game, you know.JM: That's right.NT: Yes. When did they quit using the local umpires andswitched to the regular ones?JM: Well that was ... when the industrial league ... wasn't it? WB: No, that came about at the primary when they went into astate-wide league. NT: When was that?52
 JOEWB:JM:WB:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Well, the first time it went into a state league, it was when, Joe? What years would you say they kicked them out?1933-34.1934. They were in a state league, I'd guess, from about the 1930s on. The 1930s until the 1940s.JM: Early 1930s, yes.WB: Once you got into the state league, of course, you paiddues to your state league and then they paid the umpires. They assigned the umpires, see? And we had umpires drive down. A lot of umpires used to drive down from Bingham, Salt Lake. Those guys around Provo, Christianson and those guys drove down for the games. And once you got into the state league, why then, you took the umpires they assigned to you. The league officials would assign certain ones to go to certain games and you paid your dues to the league and then they would pay the umpires.NT: Yes. But, like in the 1920s around here, then you just had the local people?JM: Well ... they weren't really organized what I mean, like Walt said, they didn't have their umpires.WB: Once in a while they'd have a big game coming up or something, everybody was all excited about, they might hire a couple of umpires and bring them in, for special games.JM: Yes, I know they used to go down to BYU or Utah State and 53
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 get some of those guys that you know, knew their baseball pretty good.WB: Yes, they would consider neutrals in those games.JM: That's right. Because, you know, they... around here,WB: JM:they had some pretty tough tussles. I remember when I was a kid around, before I was able to play ball, boy, who is gong to umpire today, they'd get booing out there and I'll tell you it got down... these coal miners are pretty rough guys, let me tell you.Oh, yes.And they'd start, you know, throwing fists around there and, of course, a lot of them would like to have a little drink, you know, and then it's kind of... some smart alec would bust out on something and it was really something. But then it buttoned down. They had to get these umpiresthat were fair about the thing and they'd call things as they see them, regardless of what was going on, they'd call them as they seen them, you know.Would they beat up on the other team, or on the umpire, or both?Well ...Or whoever was handy?It was mostly the players that got in trouble. The umpires didn't get beat up much. But the... I won't say they went out and fought at every game, but there wasNT:JM: NT: JM:54
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 hard feelings because you know you get a tight game with one-to-one, or two-to-one in the eight or ninth inning and one decision on a bad ball could lose that ball game. And maybe the umpire called it right. And the first thing you know they were right on the infield, the ball, thecars were parked right around the baseline there. There were no grandstands. . . when they first started this thing. Of course, later on they all got grandstands.Yes Now, when did you play with Satchel Paige?Down the winter league, for Metro-Gold and Mayer. I played with him about two months.That would be in the late 1920s.In the late 1920s, yes.In this area, did they ever have any blacks on the teams? JM: No, they never had any blacks then down there untilRobinson broke in with them. Satchel would have been in the big leagues years ago before Robinson ever was... nobody really knew how old Satchel Paige was.Yes, right.Because when I played with him, he looked like he was 60 year old. And he was, he had played and he went in with, I think he ended up with Cleveland, didn't he? Cleveland, White Sox, Cleveland, that's right. Bill Beck gave him his first chance. That year they won the pennant.NT: JM:WB: JM: NT:NT: JM:WB:55
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: Yes. And then--WB: He was 42 years old then.JM: You see, they had a colored major league, just coloredpeople around Kansas City and around Chicago. Allcolored. They used to have some ball clubs.WB: Yeah, those teams were tough.JM: They were tough because I used to go and play these otherclubs, and I mean, they beat their pants off.WB: Well, they proved some of the ballplayers that went right in the majors, when they finally made the break, broke the race barrier. Jackie Robinson, Campenella, Larry Dailey, those guys, they went in there and they weretopflight stars immediately. NT: Yes.WB: They were all playing in the colored leagues.JM: If you've ever seen a picture of Jackie Robinson, andwhat they called him and everything ... WB: Oh, yes.JM: And Frankie Frishe(?) was the guy that made the ---?---. And if hadn't been for him, he would have quit. Because they called him everything in the book, even his own teammates! They wouldn't even let him eat in the same cafe as they did. And he had to stay in a differenthotel.NT: Oh, that's terrible.56
 JUNE 29, 1982 JM: Well, I was in the Arizona-Texas league and we had two colored boys on the team and they didn't eat with us orstay in the same hotel. That was in the 1930s.NT: Yes. Well, around here then they just imported players and any of the local people, I mean, they had Japaneselocals ... could they play on the t eam?JM: Anybody that could make it! If you've been playing withJOE MYERS AND WALT BORLANT: JM:guys that have played pro ball?Yes. They just didn't--The only reason Dan and I played with them because he pitched and I played pretty fair ball for a kid and they wanted, you know, to make things look pretty good and I was a pretty fair ballplayer, for a kid. And I didn't play regular, but I got in a few games. I pinch-hit a few games and ran bases in a few games, and, you know. Peopleliked that, because I was just a dumb kid. Playing with a bunch of pros, you know.There were a lot of local guys, though, that cut the buck, you know, and played with them.Later on, yes.Later on...But not at the beginning.Not at the beginning, no way.Because we had ballplayers at Sunnyside, we had Burt Presitt, Fred Jones, Domi Paloni, and Jay Orange...WB:JM: WB: JM: WB: JM:57
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: Yes.JM: Pretty fair ballplayers. Do you remember? And they didn'tneed those guys because they wanted a third baseman and they needed a pitcher. And they just figured, well, just the manager asked them, 'Give me your uniform.' ---?--- the uniform, oh, boy!WB: Do you know what the deal was, though, in those days, too, Joe? The minor leagues, the network minor leagues from the major leagues, was not as extensive as it was like now. And these guys either made the major leagues or they went to the semi-pros. If they didn't make the major leagues, they went on and found the best job they could get ...JM: Because there was no class "D" and "C" and "E".WB: No class "C", "D", or even "B" leagues.JM: There were no farms, let's face it.WB: No farm teams. If you didn't make the coast league or themajor leagues, you went outside ...JM: That's where we got these players around here.WB: And they were available, see. And they'd give them jobs,well, a lot of them won't weren't really jobs. They just ...JM: They didn't, they're just on the payroll. And they made more money than they made in the coast league, I'm telling you.58
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: Yes, sure.JM: Do you know what I got when I signed up with LA? Ahundred and fifty bucks a month.NT: Oh, my gosh. That was terrible.JM: Terrible? Now they can't pay them less than--what is it--eight thousand?WB: Oh, more than that.JM: More than that, I really lost track of them.WB: The coast league minimum salary, I imagine, is abouttwenty thousand.JM: Yes, but anyway, it's changed so much that you just can'tbelieve it.NT: How did the coal miners feel to have somebody else on thepayroll just to play ball? Did they like them?JM: They wanted it. They wanted the best they could get.NT: And so they didn't care that this guy's making whatthey're making and not doing a lick of work?JM: They wanted it. They didn't give a damn if they give themfive hundred bucks a month. NT: Why?JM: All it cost them was a buck, they didn't care.NT: Oh.JM: It wasn't out of their pockets.WB: They had a lot of pride in their ball team. They wantedwinners. They wanted to go out there Sunday afternoon and59
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 cheer for a winner.JM: You couldn't believe it. You could not believe what... and they talked baseball. Day and night. You'd go down around the street down there on a Sunday night, and you couldn't walk down that street--they'd be "Who's going to pitch tomorrow?" "We're gong to play so and so tomorrow. " That's all you could hear. There was no radios at that one time. And there was nothing. No television, no nothing. All they was looking forward to was a dance orNT: JM: NT: JM:a picture show or a ball club. That was it. There was no basketball around here. Nothing.So the supers bet heavy. Did the miners bet too?Not all the supers. Not all of them.Oh, really?Some of them would get mad that they were too tight, they wouldn't bet. (Laughter) But there was a lot of betting gong on between those miners, boy, that... they didn't have any money, they were you know, working for four or five bucks a day, six dollars. Well, I'll tell you what they were getting. I worked in a mine with Dad in the evening once in a while, and he was a timber man. He was getting $6.15 and I was getting $5.80.Yes, I remember.A day?A day. And I don't mean eight hours, not eight hours. YouWB: NT: JM:60
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 29, 1982 worked until you got the job done. Never eight hours.NT: How l ong was that, usually, then? If it wasn't eight, was it... how many hours was it?JM: Well, you would work ten until you done what you're supposed to. If you was putting up some timber or getting some coal out of there, if you didn't get that coal out of there, you stayed and got it over. You didn't get paid no overtime for it. Because if you didn ' t get i t out, you didn't have coal for the next day. They wouldn't get your place ready for you. Things were tough.NT: Oh. This was what, in the 1930s?JM: Then it was at their late 1920s.NT: Late 1920s, pardon me.JM: Twenty-one from twenty-two, three, to about thirty . Thenthey didn't get a union here until 1933 and all. Ours didn't mean a damn thing. And then they waited until Sunday for a ballgame, now you better believe it. We used to practice up here in April, do you remember? There was ice on that field when we... I don't know how many times I've torn a chunk out of my knees and out of here.NT: Just from the ice.JM: Imagine practicing up here in April?WB: League games usually started about the fir s t Monday inMay.JM: That's right .61
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 and Solider Summit had a little team going around here. They had Spring lead and Mud in, do you remember? The Coca-Cola team had a team that won in Spring Glen. They had a little leagues around here that I didn't even pay attention to when I went to Bingham. I didn't even knowthey ...I don' t know. As I remember, Sunday didn' t mean that much. I mean this business on a Sunday...WB :JM: Not down here.WB: The Mormons have overdone i t .JM: Wait a minute, we didn't play ball in Provo on Sunday,buddy .WB: Oh, yes. We played ball games. We used to play Sundayafternoons in Provo. Went to the ball games. There was alot of Sundays.JM: You know why, don't you? There were not ball games thefirst few times because if they wouldn't, they would kick Provo out of the league. We held a meeting. We either played Sunday or not. How could we go down there and play on a Wednesday? Everybody's working.WB: They played a lot of games on Sunday.JM: I know after that trouble started, either they get out ofthe league, or they play on Sunday. NT: When was that?WB: Oh, this was in the late 1930s or in the 1940s. 63
 JOEWB:JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 And they'd go clear to Labor Day.And I worked in a mine up to Consumers and I didn't take my pit clothes off and come down here and practice. Idrove 15 miles up that canyon, never took a shower, and come down here in my pit clothes and practiced. And you say we don't like baseball?NT: You love it! I can tell.JM: You couldn't get me to do that now for love nor money, Iwouldn't do it. But, I wasn't the only one, there was a lot of them.WB: Yes. There was a lot of them.NT: Was it any trouble for the religious people to play ballon Sunday? JM: No, no way.NT: And the supers didn't care, I take it? What about this Mormon camp? Didn't Jesse Knight have one up in Spring Canyon?JM: No.NT: Let ' s see , he ' s owns Spring Canyon when it was originallyStandardville. Wasn't that Jesse Knight's town? JM: Oh, yes.NT: Did they play baseball on Sundays?JM: Well, Spring Canyon wasn't in the league I was in. Idon ' t know. They had a little league. What did they have in that league? You know Spring Glen and Spring Canyon62
 JOEJM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 In the late 1930s and 1940s, early 1940s.Before World War II.WB:JM: No way. You can't even-- Some won't even play golf on aSunday.WB: Oh, they've gone overboard.NT: Did you have to then. I guess the mines all workedNT:JM: NT: JM: WB:JM:WB: JM:WB: JM:Saturdays, is that right? Is that why you played Sundays? JM: You work seven days a week, when it was working. You played Sundays? What would you do then, if you had a ball game Sunday?After you got out of the mine.Oh, my gosh!But the days were long in the summertime.But for the guy that had the easy job, you didn't have to worry.Listen. The ball clubs were down there, you'd better believe it. They quit at noon, they didn't work past 12 o'clock.I'm sure they were there on time.They were out, they worked a half a shift or select a half a shift. They didn't work.END OF TAPE ONE************Read anything about Charlie Sousa in here?oh gee.64
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Just before World War II. I heard he always said he--I was his best man when he got married.WB:JM:WB: When he got married, yes.JM: He stuck me for a hundred bucks, never did pay me back. WB: Oh, well, that guy...JM: Well, he was a ball player, buddy.WB: He was a ball player.JM: He was a coast league ball player. And he liked to... WB: He was crazy.JM: I was best man for him. He said, "I got to get married,Joe." And I said, "You got to get married?" And he says, "Yeah, well," he says, "You got a hundred dollars?" I says, "I haven't got a hundred dollars but ... " "I'll payyou back." He paid me back. That's Sousa, wasn't it? WB: Charlie Sousa.JM: Boy, he was a ball player.WB: He was with the Pioneer League team. Then he got introuble with them, and they cut him off. He was sitting in a lobby up there in a Salt Lake hotel and the team had gone, was going to Magna, and they said there was a good pitcher down there. Go get him. They went and signed him up and brought him here. Gave him a job with the city to take care of the park.JM: I was living in the Ritzy apartments and he...WB: Yes, he lived at that apartment. He got married and got65
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 an apartment in Reecy Apartments and he was, all he did was swim all summer long.JM: Boy, he could swim!WB: Swim like a fish.JM: He was part Italian, wasn't he, or something? Portugueseor something. WB: Portuguese.JM:WB:JM: WB: JM: WB: JM:WB: JM: NT:JM:Yes, he was Portuguese partly. Boy, he could swi m and he could dive. Boy, he could do anything.They tell me when he left here he went back t o, I thi nk he was from around Alameda, California . ..Yes.He was an outstanding soccer player over there.Oh, yes. He was built like a soccer player.Real good athlete.But he could have stayed in the coast league, he would have probably went to the majors, but he was a foul ball. He just wouldn't take care of his work. He had it all. He had the material and....Very talented man.Oh, man, he was really talented!How was the Helper team organized? I mean, obviously, it wasn't done by the mines, by the companies.Well, just a few of the fellows that got together and liked to play ball. What I mean, just like Walt here,66
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 he's put in a lot of baseball around here.NT: I know.WB: Do you mean, who's supporting them, Nancy?NT: Yes.WB: Well, we were known as Helper Merchants for a long time.The merchants on main street and the service clubs and, of course, the mines helped them, too. Castle Gate, U.S. and Utah Fuel at that time, wasn't it?JM: Yes.WB: All the mines helped them. Alld then another thing theyhad going for them, too, was coal camps stopped havingtheir teams and... JM: That's right.WB: They concentrated here on the semi-pro team, the unions were helping them. They wouldn't have the check-off, as we knew it that Joe is talking about. But they would have a check-off where they would get pass and they'd give this money to the ball team. And they would all have a pass to go to the ball game. Remember all those people that would come in and they would show a pass, they would go to the ball game. And they would maybe contribute a dollar or two dollars a month to the baseball fund. And that helps support it.JM: And then the beer outfit would buy our uniforms. WB: Coors and ...67
 JOEJM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 One time Becker bought our uniforms.Becker and then they used to have...WB:JM: They bought the uniforms, see?WB: What was that beer they had years ago with ---?--- WatsBeer? JM: Wats.WB: They just kind of got support from people.JM: Just like Walt told you, after the coal mines drifted right into Helper, and then they supported us to a point. And these merchants, the bank, and the stores aroundhere, they all come in and they wanted baseball. Even individuals would give you money. Collect a few dollars, you know, they... And it didn't cost a heck of a lot. I mean, you know, we used to get a dollar to eat twice a day. We used to go into Joe Winson's with a buck.WB: Yes. Oh yes.JM: Get a 35 cent meal for lunch and what was left out of thedollar for supper. NT: Oh, my gosh.JM: The guys would use their car one week. The guy, Skinny Wall, had the hotel down here and he had a ---?--- Parckard, do you remember?WB: Yes.JM: And we told him the ball club bought him that Packard. Wecouldn't buy anything. But then we had old what's-his-68
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 name Bills down here and he couldn't play at all. And we just let him get on the club and we had a good scoreahead, we would let him play once in a while so he'd haulus around in his car .WB: Yes, he had the what, the Troy Laundry?JM: WB: JM:WB:JM: WB:JM: WB:NT:JM: WB:Troy Laundry down here where t he ...Where the new railroad was . . .That's right. But it was just one of those things that people loved it and they'd do anything . They'd sacri f ice anything to have a ball club.He'd always give a ballplayer a job driving the laundrytruck .Yes.What was that kid that drove that one summer? he comes back here once in a while, used to anyway. Heck of a nice guy.We had some characters here.Oh, but some of the characters that come in to play ball, you wouldn't believe.When the mines were helping out the Helper teams , t hey didn't still have their own teams, did they?Oh, no. They were finished.Not too many. There was a gold league that was still going in there right after World War II, the coal league picked up and went pretty good. But it wasn't on the69
 JOEJM: WB: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 scale that they knew it before. It was more, kind of a local atmosphere. Young kids playing for the coal camp teams.Just more or less, they didn't even have uniforms. Recreational.Playing in their old levis and stuff. It wasn't-- ours wasn't organized ball, but it was more organized than they did. Spring Glen had a team and they'd play over where ---?--- got his plant over there. They were the Spring Glen Mudhens. Do you remember? Can you imagine Spring Glen having a ball club? (Laughter) (Inaudibleconversation)It's OK, Spring Glen's probably proud of the fact that they did. So you played for Sunnyside, and for Helper and anyplace else around here?I played for Sunnyside and then I played for Helper. That's all here in Carbon County?Yes. And then what other teams? Just go over them again. Bingham.Bingham.Four years at Bingham.Yes.And then I played on--. I'll tell you, one time, in LA, I had 17 uniforms in my locker.Y ou're kidding?NT:JM:NT: JM: NT: JM: NT: JM:NT:70
 JOEWB:JM: WB: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Played a different team every night.Played every night.They played ball ...Seventeen, and played christmas, New Years. There was no such a thing as a holiday for a ballplayer. If you wanted to play ball, go down and see somebody. If you could play, if you could just stand there like this and catch a ball, you could play ball. They had so many teams in Los Angeles you could never name all the clubs they had. Well, it was the same thing then. They didn't have television, they didn't have this. Everybody was going to the ball game. And then the big niggers would flock in there during the winter, and the big names were known, you know, they read the talk in the paper...I'll tell you, that Greater Southern California Semi-Pro Association that they had there, let me tell you, they played as good ball as this coast league's playing right today.Oh, yes. I'll believe that, sure.Because it was all major leagues, all but a few of us guys hadn't seen the major leagues, but we fell in there. And I'll tell you, when you get Charlie Garringer and all those, Hornsby, and Truck Hanna, and all those guys, you got some ballplayers. Rick Stevenson, and all those guys playing ball, you got, well, the best there was in majorWB:JM:WB: JM:71
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 29, 1982 leagues--playing in that winter league.WB: Every winter down playing ball.JM: They played down there . They' d stay maybe two months. Iknow when Babe Ruth was down there, he stayed three months down there . And he got in shape down there. Played for the White King soap company.NT: Oh, my gosh!JM:Imagine him playing for an outfi t, but he di dn't care. He wore the uniform and went out there. Worked out i n t he morning, played in the afternoon. Two or three times a week. And then he'd go down to someplace in San Diego and play with some other ball club and they'd packed them in. They didn't give a damn. And as far as the money is concerned, they didn't give a damn about the money. They were getting in shape. They couldn't get in shape in New York and Chicago around there where they was playing. They had to come to California or Arizona, the only place they could work out. It would do themselves some good t o get in shape.Sure. What kind of admission did they charge around here to go see, say when these touring groups would come around?A dollar, wasn't it?Usually it was a dollar a ticket. What about the kids?NT:JM: WB: NT:72
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: Kids, they'd probably let them in for a quarter. If they didn't have any money, they'd tell "Get in there."JM: If they didn't have any money, they'd hoist them over thefence.WB: "Just stay out of everybody's way," or "You got a jobshagging balls," or "You go in and help the concessionstand." And every kid intown went to the ball game.JM: I'll tell you, we had as good a ball clubs as any place in the country, as far as semi-pro. Because when I was on the police force here, I had to work nights to get thosecars out of that ball park. We had traffic jams at night. WB: That was a job.JM: That's hard to believe in a small town.NT: Yes, that's right.JM: We had cars parked clean through the underpass downtownWB:JM:and all over the place up here.You'd stand out up there and then you had another guy down here at the underpass.Yes, two traffic. And I worked my shifts during the day and worked there around when I could plan, when I got on the force here, and I didn't play after 1948. So I end up there and worked on the, when they had a ball game, I filled in, went up to the ball game and...I think the biggest one I can remember is--I don't know if you can remember it--remember when the House of DavidWB:73
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 played the Kansas City Monarchs at an exhibition game?JM : Y e s .WB: That was the biggest crowd I ever saw. They filled allt hose stands. They counted , I think, about 2,000 ...JM: Yes, and that's a big crowd for up here.WB: Two thousand, two hundred people or so. And they weresitting on the rock wall and down along the fences,standing ...JM: On the houses, and everything else.WB: All over. That's the biggest crowd I ever saw up there. NT: That's amazing. When was it that they came?WB: That was in about 1948, wasn't it?JM: Yes. That's when I got on this force here, 1948.WB: Yes, I think you were on the police force then.NT: Before you worked on the force, well, after you leftBingham, you were managing the team there. What did youdo for a living?JM: I worked in the coal mines.NT: You did, timbering?JM: Yes, timbering and running the main line motor up there,on the haulage.WB: Is that when you went up to Consumers,' Joe?JM: That's when we built the house down there.WB: And then you built the house at the same time.JM: And then I worked for Mr. Dalpaz at the Helper Club for74
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 five years.WB: I remember you there.JM: And that's, and then I went on the railroad for a yearand 1942 and then I went in the army for two and a halfyears.WB: Did you go back to the railroad when you got back fromthe army?JM: No, no. I wanted a private club down here.WB: Oh, that's right. You and Bob wereJM: Me and Bob Rosano, opened a public club in the basement.It's in here. Tell them the truth, you were a bootlegger. JM: No way, I had a private club. Quit kidding me about this,Walt. You've got a tape and I'm going to tell...WB: Oh, Nancy, I never did get to go...JM: They used to kid me, they'd say, "Here's a guy thatarrests people for drinking and everything and he was a bootlegger when he was the chief of police." And you know what I told them, 'It's take a crook to catch a crook." And that's the started the whole dam thing.WB: You had to sneak in those places, remember? You went down to that bar and then you went through...JM: Then I had that Wendover guy look through...WB: You could see out and see them, but they couldn't see you. If you looked all right, you got in. You could buya drink.75
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: Oh, but... that was a public club, now...NT: That's legal.JM: It was a private club, it was a charter, I still got thecharter.WB: Yes, I know it.JM: Private club. Of course, if you knew a guy, it wasn'tprivate. Of course, I couldn't tell the secretary ofstate that, he'd take it away from me.NT: I think it still works that way a lot.WB: Then when you left that, you went right on the police,didn't you?JM: Forty-eight. I got married to Caroline, you know, Max'sdad got killed and she was a widow for a couple of years. WB: I remember when Max died... or Hiawatha?JM: He got killed, I was a fire boss, in Hiawatha. And Maxwas, I believe, 2 and a half years old. He doesn't even know his dad, he didn't know his dad. And Caroline was a widow and she was teaching school in Scofield. She taught school for 40 years, you know?NT: All up at Scofield?JM: No. She taught down here for a long time. She taught inColorado when she got out of Western State College for a year for 80 dollars a month and she had a masters' degree. And taught for $80.00 a month. And she sent 40 dollars a month home.76
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: Oh, my gosh!WB: Where was she living at, Joe?JM: She was living with an outfit down there in Gunnison,WB: JM:Cleveland, no, right out of Gunnison. Little ranch out there. They had a dude ranch out there and elk hunters used to come out there and hunt elk. You know, they had a regular dude ranch that ...That's where she went to school, wasn't...That's right, Western State College at Gunnison. She worked out there and there were board and room... and had to ride a horse, let me tell you. She rode a horse for a mile to school and she had to learn how to play an organ and build a fire and take care of that horse and teach 40 kids--from the first to the sixth grade--for 80 bucks a month!Oh, no.And she sent 40 home.And she sent 40 a month home!Didn't she teach at Royle one time?She taught at Royle but when they shut Royle down, shetaught at Scofield; she taught at Hiawatha.That's the first place I ever remember her teaching. Yes she taught down here a long time.She would ---?--- after school and ...Yes, she taught 40 years. She's quite a gal.NT: WB: JM: WB: JM:WB: JM: WB: JM:77
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: So you married her after you got out of your baseballcareer?JM: Oh, yeah, long time before...WB: How old were you when you got married the second time,Joe?JM: Thirty, let's see, I was thirty-seven. .. thirty-nine. WB: Thirty-nine years old.JM: I was thirty-four when I went in the service and I wasthirty-seven when I come out.NT: Did baseball really cause the divorce?JM: I played overseas, too.NT: You did?JM: Oh, yes. Played with the ETO over there. Had a good ballclub. They had some professional ball players out there. NT: How did you hear about Helper when you were overseas? JM: We were in a bar in Berlin.WB: Is that right?JM: A bar a hundred feet long.NT: Oh, my gosh.JM: And the guys are drinking. The GI's ... that was when t hewar was over. . . the night the war was over . And boy, they had given everybody everything . Some GI par atrooper in 82nd Airborne, had a white scarf on way down at the end of the bar, he says, "You know," he says, "I went into a town that's, I don't know, 100 miles from Salt Lake78
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 City," I had big ears of mine, you know, and I had heard that when he said Salt Lake City. And I kept listening. And these paratroopers were mean, boy, let me tell you. And so he kept mouthing off and he says, "And I got so drunk and then some guy picked me up and he was a Dago," he says. But then called them Guideys in different.. you know, Dagos here and Guideys there and whatever, differ- ent parts of the country. And he says his name was ... oh,I can't think of it, it was a funny name. And I says, "Was it Garvanio?" "Yes," he says, "Who are you?" He says. "Come on down here and I'll buy you a drink." Butnothing, they were giving it away. So he was driving a car. So Garvanio took his ticket out, took his ticket book out, and Red Knobbs marked the ticket, but what it was for drunk driving or public intoxication, and he put a zero on an "x" or a line, whatever it was. Because George couldn't read very well.WB: Yes, he couldn't read it ...JM: So he had this ticket book and this kid looked there andhe says, "Sign your name right here." This guy looked at him and he says, "I can't write," he says. So this kid but an "x" down there and he says, "No, that's my signature, you write your name." (laughter) We ended up in a bran, we were so drunk when we got out of there. And we rolled around in manure all night long. I was sick79
 MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 as... we were drinking that ale, 13% beer. And it was still green. I take an M-1 and shoot a hole in the barrel and then put your helmet under there and you just got t hrough washing your socks or something in the helmet and you still had soap in it and you wondered why you gotsick .I went to dispensary and I was in there for 3 days. They had to pump my stomach and, oh, God. I drank some vodka with some Russian girls. They didn't poison the drink because they couldn't. Hell, everybody was raising cain, you know, the war was over and all that. We had to stay six months after the army occupation. Everybody that was in the service stayed six months over. So I was going t o go to Zaigert to see some of my relations. And I was in Prague, Czechoslovakia, which was 150 miles. In kilome- ters, 5/B's of a mile is a kilometer. It was a 150 miles, we figured. I was driving a two-star general. We got a ticket. Indefinite , right? Go any place you wanted t o. So we went to Berlin, stayed there for... what's-his-name was supposed to been burned and committed sui ci de and all that.WB: Hitler?JM: Shit, he didn ' t commit suicide. He was gone out of there.JOEWhere in Germany?WB :JM: Oh, that was Berlin. Oh, let me tell you, I was so sick80
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Anyway we were near that place and we had 150 miles to go to Zagreb, Yugoslavia. We went to get a trip ticket to go t her e and the commanding officer says, "You got 85points, you're on the next shipment home. If you don't go, you stay six more months." I says, "Hell, no, I'm going home." When I got home, my mother says, I told my mother about this, "Why didn't you go 150 miles and see Zagreb?" When we found out that where she lived, that place was taken 12 times--by the Italians , by t he Germans, and Yugoslavs--Tito took it back and forth 12 times. And we saw pictures of it. Some of the Gis that were there, they'd, we'd lost all our relations. I'm gladI didn't get there.Oh, gee.They just mowed that place down there. Tito give them a lot of trouble, you know, with partisans you know, and they just-- I'm glad I didn't get over there. I only had 150 miles to go, but I'm sure glad I didn't, because I would have seen all that. And after my mother found out that was really bombarded and everything then . ..Huh. How long did your mother live?She was 64 when she died. She died in 1951. I lost my mother, and my father-in-law and my father in 13 months, 11 .. . 13 months . Fifty-one to fifty .. .Oh, no.NT: JM:NT: JM:NT:81
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: Did your mother die that soon after your dad was killed? JM: Huh? Yes. One year.WB: One year is all?JM: And Mr. Richy died 13 months after. Buried all three of them within 13 months.NT: Oh, my gosh!WB: I didn't realize that. Now...JM: See, he got killed in Tuda.WB: Killed in Tuda, yeah. What year was that? NT: Was it an explosion?JM: Fifty-one.NT: What killed your dad? Was it a ball?JM: Well, he was working and he was retired and he went towork to help them get some machinery out. He was retired, didn't get his check yet. So Frank Latuna and Bill Williams came down and asked him, "Chris, will you come?" because he was a timberman, "Will you come get that machinery out?" There's a lot of machinery in there. And it was bad, wasn't working, you know. So they went and got all of it out of there and they were eating lunch. And he took a walk up, but it was safe, just like here, but there's a rock hanging there and they tried to pull that rock down in the morning and it wouldn't come down. The big bar, you know, and there was an opening about that much. And the rock was about that thick and about 882
 
 MYERS AND WALT BORLA J U N E 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 feet long and about four feet wide. And about a foot thick. And they tried to pull it and pull it and every- thing, and they couldn't get it down. And so about three or four hours, the air got in behind it, I guess, I don't know what caused it, but he walked under the damn thing and it fell on him.Oh , no.after your step-dad ...JM: Fifty and fifty-one, 1951 and 1952. Mother died in 1952and Mr. Richy died in 1952 and...WB: I didn't realize it was that close.JM: Dacha's father was working then, Carl was working with mydad.WB: Yes. that's right. He was...JM: Yes. He was up to... And he didn't want to go in, and hewhistled in the man-trip. He never whistles. And he asked mother what she was going to have for supper. And he never asks what she's going to have. And when he went to work, she told me. She says, "I don't like the way he talked to me. There's something going on." And he was up in the man-trip whistling. He never whistled in his life.JOENT:JM: And his body was as flat as that box.WB: Was this in 1951?JM: Yeah. Mother died in 1952.WB: My dad was killed in 1950. I always thought that it was83
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 And it was just something that. When they called me I was playing pool down to the Puscuigi's and they said, "You bett er get up t o Latuda, Joe ." I says, "What happened?"He says, "Well, I'm not telling, you better get up to the bath house." So I went up there right away. So in the meantime, the sheriff was Joe Holman, he had my sister, when she was working for the country attorney, he had her in the car going up there . I said, "You turn back, don' t you take her up there. You know how bad that accident was. Don't you ever let her see her dad." So he turnedaround and went back. I went up to the bath house . I ' m sorry I went up there. God, he didn't have nothing left. The rock fell on his head and drove it down in his chest and he was just flat. His body was no bigger than about two boxes.NT: Ooooh.WB: How did your real dad die, Joe?JM: He died from pneumonia.WB: Died of pneumonia.JM: My dad had never ben sick. He was 28 years old when hedied. He had five children. WB: In Sunnyside?JM: No, Salt Lake.NT: What, did he get sick in Sunnyside? JM: No, he never seen Sunnyside.84
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: No, that's right. He never got down this way.JM: He was at Bingham and Park City and Salt Lake.WB: Salt Lake, yes.JM: See, when they came here in 1905, they weren't married, my mother and dad. There was a hundred and twenty-two of them come to Salt Lake and they dispersed. None come to Carbon County, not one of them. They all went to Tooele; Magna; the smelters; Bingham and Park City. All of them. None of them were married, all single. And there was...the men that went in the mines didn't live over four or five years. In those hard rocks, they died from consump- tion.WB: Consumption, yes.JM: There were more widows up that part of the canyon, inPark City pretty near ever house up there when I was a kid, who lost their husbands in the mine from consump- tion.NT: How did this group of 122 get formed to come over?JM: Well, they hadn't come over. And they got together.Between Bingham and Park City and Magna and Midvale and Murray, they got together and these people wanted to come over. They never had anything over there. They were starving, practically. So these people got together and they sent each one of them $300.00. My mother sent her, got her sister over here. And she's still in Park City85
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 right now.NT: I see.WB: You mean that people here, Joe, sent for them?JM:NT:JM: NT: JM:NT: JM:WB: NT: JM:They sent $300 for them to come over. It was 122 young men and young women that come over, on that one boat. Right to Salt Lake City, direct. My... I got some writing on it. On the newspapers.Well, then the people that were already here got the $300 together, but they sent for specific people? Like your mom wanted your sister?Yes, she wanted her sister and...Did the 122 know each other there in Zagreb?Well, in certain places. Not all, wasn't all from Zagreb. It was like Spring Glen and Price and, you know, Provo, right in close there. But they came from Zagreb, direct.That's where they were shipped from.I see. And they...They got on the train together and they came all the way to Salt Lake city. A hundred and twenty-two of them. Mymother told me, "That's Mrs. Rukovenia can tell you." And she didn't come here until 1925.Yes.Huh. It was the same kind of ...But she knew my mother in the Old Country. They herded sheep together over there. Never went to school at all,86
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 where they lived. And they were right out of Zagreb, almost to Zagreb and they couldn't go to school they wereso poor.WB: One of them came with relatives. They would have arelative here and then they'd send for somebody.JM: Oh, they couldn't come with anything; they didn't have any money. How in the heck you going come? And not onlythat, they were, some of the men, like me for instance... I had a daughter here and I'd send my money over there to bring my wife or my sister or somebody over here or some relation and she'd marry this man. He even gave me the money to get her and he had never even seen her. And they'd marry. That's right. You'd be surprised how many of those people have gotten married and didn't even... just because they, to get them over here.NT: Yes. But it was somebody back in the Old Country telling them so-and-so's got a daughter, she's the right age, you want to ... ?JM: That's right. They'd match you, they'd match them up in those days. They done it here when they were living in this country for a while here. You'd be surprised how many of these people in Carbon County here are made- matches between the Italians and the Bohunks(??? ) .WB: T ell the story about the one woman that came ... My mother tells about this woman that came, that she was supposed87
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 to come and marry this guy. Got here and she saw his brother and she liked his brother so she says, "Heck with you." She married his brother.NT: Oh, I know, that's right.WB: I forget the exact days, but my mother could tell youthat.JM: My mother used to tell me stories that I would neverbelieve. I'd never believe them.NT: But your parents weren't like that? I mean, they, yourfather didn't send for your mother, I take it?JM: No, they come together.NT: Oh, they did?JM: They came over here together They married here. They camein here in 1904, to Salt Lake, and they married in 1905. And I was born in 1908. In Bingham.NT: So did they know each other in the Old Country?JM: Yes.NT: Why did they come here to get married, instead of gettingmarried there?JM: Well, they just... nobody on that ship would marry them.Nobody. They were all single. They don't get married very young over there. They ain't got anything. You know, they'd starve to death over there. You know, you can't go to school and they came here to survive.NT: And they couldn't, they didn't want to get married then, 88
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 until they...JM: And they'd never come over if somebody hadn't sponsored them.NT: I see. Who sponsored your father?JM: What was it, his brother, I don't know. I think hisWB: JM: WB: JM:WB: JM:WB: JM: NT: JM: NT: JM: NT: JM:brother from Hibben, Minnesota. You know, he was a ... my uncle, Mike, was a neighbor to Marris. Did you know Marris was a Bohunk?Roger Marris?In Hibben, Minnesota. I didn't know that.His father came over. His grandfather came over with my uncle Mike.Is that right?From Y ugoslavia. And he is a Y ugoslav. Hewas next-door neighbor to ... what's his name ... Spokes' grandfather.I didn't know that.In Hibben, Minnesota. It's a coincidence.Yes. And your mother came over. Who sponsored her? Her brother.And where was he hat, Bingham?In Park City.Oh, I see. OK.He came over in 1900, I think. So this was all done between 1900 and 1910. They... we got a lot of people89
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 over. Italy got some. But that was the big year- - 10 big years--from 1900 to 1910. And then once in a while, like Mrs. Rukovenia, she come over alone. Her brother from Midvale sent for her. I remember when she came here.Do you?I remember, 1925. And she was alone. My dad came in 1909 .WB:M:WB:NT: Where's he from? WB: Italy.NT: Which part, though?WB:NT: WB:JM:WB: JM:WB : JM:Northern Italy, right on the French border. Ojadeo. Just north of Torin, or Venice. Provincially, Torino.Yes. And did anybody sponsor him to come?Well, he had relatives here. And they sent for him to come . He got interested in coal mining, I don ' t know why, unless he just didn't have a job. But he went into Germany, worked the coal mines in Germany...Well, they got good mines in Germany. I was in some of those coal mines.Sixteen years old and he's working coal mines in Germany. Do you know in Scotland and around there - - I s topped in Scotland when we shipped over--12 year old kids working in the mines?Y e s .Twelve years old . They were ol d men. Twe lve years old.90
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: You see those kids with pipes in their mouths. You seepictures of them, blowing the smoke from their pipes. NT: Yes.JM:We had to stay in Scotland there where Tom Beggars would go into the coal mines. We had to stay there, we couldn't get on the train. It done some, those buzz bombings were going over to London. So they wouldn't take the track, you had to drive at night. No lights, no nothing. We were on the Scottish Flyer. A hundred miles an hour, buddy. Nolights, no nothing.Oh, my gosh!And we stopped overnight in Scotland. And I was in the town where Tom Beggars was born.Is that right?He told me, "You're going to Europe, you're going to go by my house." And it was daytime when we got in there. And then we got on this Scottish Flyer and I'm telling you, there was no lights no place. Blackout, because those Germans were shooting those buzz bombs over from France. Do you know those buzz bombs? They'd light them up and they'd go and they'd explode when they... they would put it, run it by radar. I mean by radio. Vls and V2s.Yes, those V2s they'd use.And boy, let me tell you, they lowered London. But whatNT: JM:WB: JM:WB: JM:91
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 got me is they lowered London in the Jewish section but they never hit the Buckingham Palace or the Paddington Station or none of those big buildings. But they surelowered the Jewish section down, boy. They just lowered them down like this table.There was a lot of things that went on in the war that was hard to understand.And I was over there six months in London. I was driving a two-star general. I seen all this stuff. I mean, I got in the jeep because you know, when you're driving a general you can go a lot of places where nobody could go, and I'd go around the town when they had done that bombing. Let me tell you, they lowered that place, mister. But not up around the big district. Buckingham Palace wasn't touched. St. Paul's Cathedral wasn't touched. None of those big... Paddington Station or none of them were touched. Just the places where the Jewish section was. They don't tell me those wars were not fixed to a certain extent, I'll tell you. I don't give a damn because when they're bombing this part of Helper and theylet that part stay?Yes.Huh, it just don't make sense?I have one more question I wanted to ask you about baseball before I quit for tonight. And that is, how didWB:JM:WB: JM: NT:92
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 the strikes affect the baseball?JM: Well, it affected me when I come down here. They put me in jail. And I wasn't even working.NT: Which strike?JM: WB: JM: WB:JM: WB: JM: Wb: JM: NT: JM:NT: JM:NT: JM:WB: JM:1933.Thirty-three and 1934.April, 1933.Yes, I can remember that. It had a lot of effect on it,for this reason.I can explain this to you. I know.Joe was right in the middle of it.I was in the middle of it.I can remember him. They took him down to the bull ring. That's right.Why?What happened, they didn't want any unions in Carbon County.I know.Twenty-two they, I mean they tried it before, in 1922. And I, we lived in the tents down in Sunnyside.You did?And they run us out of town and it was mostly foreigners that was down there.Kicked them out of Castle Gate.Kicked us out of all these towns and made us live down93
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 there. And we didn't belong to. If you mentioned union those days in this country, boy, you got put in jail. So anyway, in 1933 they come around here. And these three guys that organized this United Mine, I mean, the National Miner's Union ...There were two competing unions.They were getting paid by John L. Lewis. The United Mine Workers. Wait a minute, let me tell you.United Mine Workers and National Miners' Union.That's right. National Miners' Union. So in order to get a union here, they just figured, well, the hell with them. We don't care what the name of the union is, aslong as we get a union here. So they picked us guys up on the picket lines, and I wasn't even working here. I carne back from California. I had my leg in a cast, in fact. And they bustripped me down there. He says, "You're on company property, you're going to jail. " And they booked me for criminal syndicisrn and riot.Y ou're kidding?Seen the books down there, because my sister worked in the courthouse and showed it to me. And the reason they booked me for that was because the national guard was throwing tear gas bombs at my mother and then on the picket line, where they were feeding those miners. I threw the tear gas bombs back at them. I was against theWB: JM:WB: JM:NT: JM:94
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 national guard so I got put in jail. We played ball up here, and I was playing ball then and they wanted to put two guards on me to take me up here to the ballpark, do you remember?WB: yeah,we...JM: Tom Jackson and Nick Thomas and all those guys wereWB: JM:working for the company, do you remember? And they wanted to . ..Take them out to the ball park and...Take me out the ball park and lock me up here with... bring me up with the sheriff's car with bayonets and I'm going to go play ball? I said, "You either let me go on my own, or I'm not going." They don't want to mention names, because you're doing this, because you know who they are.There was a lot of hard feelings, too, Joe .. .There are still hard feelings over that, Walt. I mean, how wold you feel if you worked in a mine with me and I was on the picket line and you packed a gun for the company? How would you feel?Yes.Yes.And that's the only reasons they got a union here.Yes. Did you go play ball?I did, but there was no guards there, I'll tell you that! 95WB: JM:WB: NT: JM: NT: JM:
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: They wanted you to play ball so that they let you out ofthe bullpen? JM: Youbet!NT: JM: NT:JM:How many other guys did they do that to?I was the only ballplayer from the bullpen.I think you were the only one Joe, that I remember, as a baseball player.Then they played in Provo the Sunday after, you know. And they weren't going to let me out of the bullpen. So Skinny Wall and the major come down. Who in the hell was the mayor then?That time it was Frank Porter, I believe.WB:JM: Was it...?WB: [inaudible]JM: No, it was Ginatti, wasn't it?WB: ---?--- Ginatti, yes.JM: Yes.WB: He lived right across the street rom us.JM: Yeah, right here. And he'd come down and he told thesheriff, he says, "I want Myers out of jail." He said, "I can't let him go yet." Put a five thousand dollar bond, huh ..WB: No, he was a regular M.D., wasn't he?JM: He was a M.D.NT: And the mayor put up five thousand dollars so you could96
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 play baseball?JM: Well, my mother and dad put up a five thousand property bond.NT: So that you could go play baseball?JM: So I could, well, so I could get out of jail. WB: To get him out of jail.JM: So I'm hitting...WB: I think everybody played ball ...END OF SIDE ONENT: you mean to tell me the sheriff of Helper let you take his car to [play baseball]?JM: Sheriff of Price, Carbon County.NT: The sheriff... wait a minute. The Carbon County sherifflet you take his car in 1933?JM: In 1933, to Provo to play ball.NT: From Helper?JM: Sure. They were playing ...WB: You'd be surprised how many...JM: Let me tell you, I told you, there is only one Helper,now.NT: That's right.WB: Remember they had that blocked off in Spring Canyon... you were up there, I think, that time.JM: Yes.WB: And that plane was flying around. And all them from... I97
 JOEMYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 always remember sitting in the front yard because we lived off the highway and watching those old Model-A patrol cars, patrolling, and I bet I counted about 60. They put t he wor d out all over the state there's troublein Carbon County and every patrolman in the state headed for Carbon County. And I counted them as they went by. And remember, my dad was up t here and I t hought, 11 My God, they're going to catch him and he's going to be in jail.11 And I was worried. Pretty soon over the hill he came, over that tunnel . And he came down through those f ields and came home and I was so relieved, you know.Oh, yes.He was up on that picket line. I remember him talking about you up there.Well, I'll tell you. I was really something that I.---?--- around over there.Yes . Then they all decided the highway patrol come down here and oh, boy, they had the national guard down here and everything, oh, it was something! That's the only time I've been in jail all my life. I put nine days in that jail down there.Oh, Brack Lee was behind a lot of that.Yeah, Brack and that mayor, what was his name? of Price? Rolly West.Rolly West.NT: WB:JM: WB: JM :WB: JM: NT: JM:98
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: Rolly West, yes.NT: Well, when you took the county car up to Provo, when yougot out of jail to do that, did you go by yourself orwere you--?JM: By myself, went by myself and come back. Went down thereand pulled in the yard and went in, knocked on the [door], the sheriff lived in a basement, then. They fed the prisoners. The sheriff had to live in a courthouse. His wife had to feed the prisoners. His family had to live in that courthouse. They only had a sheriff and a deputy. That's all they had. And they had more people than they got here now. And they only had about two, andnow they got about fifteen down there.WB: That old courthouse, huh, Joe?JM: So anyway...NT: Then you just drove up the car?JM: Sure. I drove back, parked the car and knocked on hisdoor, and he put me back in the cell. And where the hell where that will ever happen anyplace? Bliss says, "I sure hate this, Joe." He says, "I hate to do this to you," he says, "but you know the law's the law." And he says, "You shouldn't have thrown those tear gas bombs back at the National Guard. They're United States soldiers." But,I'll tell you one thing. When they took in the army, they didn't ask me whether I was a communist or not. They put99
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 my butt in the army right now, buddy, and I had this bad leg. They said, "You can drive a truck, can't you?" Andthey put me in the infantry.NT: Oh, no.WB: I wish...JM: Let me tell you.WB: I wish, Nancy, that I could have got hold of you if youwere doing something like this and gotten her over thereto let her talk to Piker for awhile. He's another one... JM: Oh, boy. He can tell you some stories. I can tell youstores that would burn your hair.WB: Kleckert told me the story when he first come to Hunting-ton, he was around playing all these ball [games] .JM: He played all of them.WB: Played baseball all over the west. But anyway, he finallymeets this woman from Huntington and she was a widow with six kids. So they got married and he was up at Hiawatha then, at Moreland. And they moved down to Huntington to live and he was still working up there. But anyway, he was a renegade in the Mormon towns, see? And so he gets into a fight on main street down there one day with one of the local boys. So they all go off to the judge and the judge says to him, "You outsiders don't need to thin," or, "you foreigners don't need to think you're coming in here beating up on our boys." and he told me,100
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 he says, "I just asked that judge," he says, "Have you ever heard of Ohio?" And he says, "Yes, Ohio's back east." He says, "Well, that's where I'm from. That's not a foreign country." And he says, "You're just a smart- alec." He said, "Ten days in the county jail." So hesays, "They didn't have a county jail in Emery County." So he says, "What we got to do is to take him to Carbon County and put him in jail." Kleckert says, "Well, take me over there." Because he knew Marion Bliss, like Joe did, see. They were good friends and went around playing ball. He says, "Alright, take me over to Carbon County." He says, "Got no way to take you over." He says, "Well, use my car." And he used his own car to take him over and put him in jail. Bliss locked him up. He says they slept that night. The next morning Bliss come and unlocked the cell and he says, "All right, Kleckert, I'11 see you tonight." He says he'd bum around practically all daylong. JM: Oh, yes.WB: Up to the bars, and at night he'd check in back at jail. So then by his ten days were up and he says Bliss says,"Well, it's time for you to go home, Lefty, how you going to get home?" "I don' t know, " he says, "call them and tell them to come and get me. Because he needs my car here." So they called over there and somebody come to101
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 get him in his car and wrecks his car.NT: Oh, no!JM: You know, the nine days I was in there, I don't think Ihad five meals in the jail. Mrs. Bliss kind of liked me and she'd, Marion used to come over and say, "Joe, somebody outside wants to talk to you. It/s important." He'd take me back into the kitchen and feed me and they was wondering why I wasn't eating those bologna sandwich- es they were making. This one guy there, he says/ "Whatin the hell's going on here?" He says1 "You're not eating." I says/ "I don't feel good." He says, "Let me tell you something, but there's something going on here. I smell onions." (Laughter) She used to let me eat with the family, you know. I was no damn outlaw. But they booked me for criminal syndicatism. And that's a felony! That1 S from one to fifteen years in the state pen.NT: But they never did enforce I guess?JM: No, well1 my sister was working down in the courthouse/you know/ for the county attorney for about 12 years. And she says, "Come on in here. I want to show you some- thing." She brought out the book and she showed me, she says, "Look," she says, "boy, you're a criminal." She says, "Look. Joe Myers, Consumers Blue Ledge Coal Company." Everything that I had done up there; throwing tear gas bombs on company property, fighting with the102
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 non-union guys and all this and this and this and this. I knocked Chief Davis off the top of the dump up there,you know. He put one of those army rifles and he hit me in the shoulder with it.WB: You know that did cause a lot of decisiveness because on the ballfield and that there were certain groups. The National Miners, United Mine Workers, and then there was the Gunrun and there was a lot of guys [who] never talked to each other any more.JM: Because you know why? They hated the National Mine. They said they were communists. Well, let me tell you. They were branding these people. And they were no more communist than you are.WB: Oh, no.JM: They use that for a clutch.WB: Yes.JM: The only way they could do that is to get a union here,is have those two factions fighting again . And they knew that [it was] the United Mine Workers because there was no such a thing as the National Miners' Union, you never heard of the National Miners' Union in you life.WB: Well a lot of those organizers in the National Miners' Union, they got big jobs at UMWA when it was all over with.JM: Well, they were working for the UMWA.103
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: What was that guy's name? He is up at the canyon quite abit and he went to Colorado. It started with a "G" or... NT: Was it Charles Gwinn?WB: Gwinn.JM: Gwenn. Charlie Gwenn.WB: Charlie Gwenn. Do you remember Charlie Gwenn?JM: I know him real well. ---7--- with Charlie Gwenn. Did you know Frank Lanocci was collecting dues for the National Miners' Union here and he was with the head of the United Mine Workers?WB: Oh, yes.JM: Tell me. I know what I'm talking [about]. I don't give adamn if you got it. I'll tell them to their face. I toldthe FBI that. The same thing.NT: When did you talk to the FBI?JM: Well, they come down, boy, I'll tell you.WB: Well, they had the word out that this was a communistfront, this National Mine Workers' Union.JM: They found out that I knew what I was talking about because I happened to see some of the checks that were written. And they weren't from the National Miner's Union--there was no such a thing as the National Miner's Union! They used that. They knew they were going to getone union. They knew that. And the FBI knew it and everybody knew it. The only way the could get it is fight104
 JOEWB: JM:WB:JM: NT: JM:WB: JM:WB: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 between each other and the company had to settle it so they got the United Mine Workers.That's right.That's the only way they got a union, or you'd never had one!They took what they thought was the lesser of two evils, not knowing that they were all the same.That's right.Yes.But Walt, there was no National Miners' Union, in the world!Yes.No more than the CIO. When I was tending bar, I belongedto the... In fact, I was president of Carbon County of the--what was that of the, excuse me, Bartenders... Oh, god, I can't ... American Federation.Federation of Labor?That's right. I was president down in Carbon County. When Frank Lanocci come in here, he says to me, "You're going to take that sign down and put a CIO bar here." And I says, "I'm going to what?" I says, "You put that bar association up there, didn't you?" He charged Celeste a hundred dollars. "Now, you want me to take that down just because of the coal miners?" He says, "I'm going to blackball you guys and you won't have no business. "Now,105
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 you ain't touching that. You ain't getting CIO, in here. " He had the grocery store and everybody was CIO. Where inthe hell did you ever hear of a CIO? No place. END OF S I D E ONEWB: Well, they broke off from AFL.JM: That's right. Well, anyway, we wouldn't join it. So heNT: JM:was going to boycott the damn place if they didn't do it. Celeste got him out on the street then and threw him on top of a car, on the hood. "You put that up, now you want me to take it down and then put this CIO up there?" There's no such a thing as a Bartenders'CIO" I said, "If I left Carbon County and went to California, how would I get a job with this card? American Federation of Labor and the CIO? There's no such a thing as CI Bartenders' Union."That's right.Because I went to school in L.A. down there for two months to be a bartender, when I worked in the Rosen Hotel mixing drinks during the winter months there, a part-time job. And I belonged to AF of L. I never heard of this CIO.The CIO was a breakoff from the AF to L. Well, John L. Lewis was one of the big ones that pulled it off.Sure.And then he, of course, took the United Mine Workers asWB:JM: WB:106
 JOEJM: WB: JM:WB: NT: JM:WB:JM: NT:JM: NT:WB: JM: NT: JM:NT:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 an independent union. But, who was that other I can't remember. William Green was the head of AF of L.YesAnd then t hey - --?-- - later on.Well, they got together, didn't they, later on, didn't they? The CIO and AF of L?They got together now.Yes, they are.But, do you know, that union stuff is something, buddy. You think politics is something, that union is something! Well, there was a lot of factions fighting for power and ...You damn right.Now, when you're talking about on the ballfield, did different teams-- I mean, did the UMWA have a team and the National Miners' Union have a team?No, this was town teams, like we were talking about. Town teams but members of the team would belong to one union or the other union and some were gunmen?yes.Well, it all depended on where, you know. . .Yes.But that didn't have nothing to do with the union at all. At allDid it affect your team play because , like ... ?107
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: Well, it did--WB:JM: WB:JM: WB: JM: WB:JM:WB: JM:WB: JM:WB:--about the decisiveness, not decisiveness but divisio- nary, you might say. The real bad thing was that you gunmen that were involved around baseball, and no matter what UMWA or United Mine Workers, that gunman was on... That's right.He, if you packed a gun... Now, that fellow that died in Spring Glen not too long ago, you know who I refer to?I know.He was one of them, you know?I know it.And he was not, for years and years nobody would have nothing to do with him.That's right. Well, there was a lot of friction here, let me tell you.Enormous friction.And it still is. Up to this day, whether they're living-- my age and older--they don't even talk to each other.It's affected the families.They don't ...Best of friends, and that don't happen in Carbon County. But it did.Used to have big meetings. I always remember those big meetings. They'd have these big meetings down here where they--they call that Comic Book Club place down below...108
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 They would have meetings down there and it would overflow clear onto the parking lot.JM: Well, they put on a show, don't think they didn't.WB: And the guys would be up talking and they'd get up on acar and they ' d talk and rant and rave and gee ...JM: They had that well-rehearsed, boy. And who paid for it but the poor coal miners? Friendships. Broke a lot ofhearts around here , boy.WB: I think the gunmen more than anything, and not so muchthe two unions eventually came together ... JM: Yes.WB: It wasn't that. But the gunmen, they had a marked l i f e after that.NT: Would the gunmen go down there by the roller rink and talk too? Or was it just the union organizers?WB: No. It was people, the union organizers and that, yes. The gunmen, they wouldn't ever go there, they'd get . . .JM: Oh, God. They wouldn't dare .WB: You take, of course, Joe is like my dad if he was stillliving would have been 92 years old. In that age bracket, from 85 to anyone that's living in their 90s now, they would remember right to today the people and wouldn't have nothing to do with them. They' d s i ngl e them out as a no-good SOB.JM: That's right.109
 JOEWB:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Carried a gun and they'd tell you where he carried a gun and when he carried a gun.I can tell you every one of them.JM:WB: Joe knows, he...JM: I know and I went to school with some of them, buddy. Andthere is nothing worse. You know, my dad would turn overin his grave if I'd have packed a gun. WB: Oh, yes.JM: Boy, let me tell you!NT: Really?JM: Oooh.NT: You mean people, nice guys didn't pack guns, is that whatyou're saying?"JM: Well, the guys that wanted to organize a union, the guysthat didn't want the union were company men. They were the ones that packed the guns. They were against the union. They didn't want a union. They're the ones that got to be rotten later on. Because I know they hired me back up there. They would fire a guy there that was a scab, they called them. They finally put us all back to work. We were blackballed, you couldn't get a job at any of these mines.WB: These guys were protected to go back in and work. They carried guns, to see, to make sure that they did get in there and they flashed their guns as they went past the110
 JOENT:WB: NT: WB: JM:WB: JM:WB:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 picket lines and threatened the picketers and those type of things which branded them for the rest of their lives. You mean the union guys didn't have guns?No, they...Or most of them?They could, I guess, if they really...Well, there's some of them that had guns, you better believe it.Some of them did. Yes, there was some kind.There was a few of them. Anytime you pack a gun somebodyelse will pack one, too, you know. There was nobody hurt. Thank God, there was nobody hurt!What was the deal, Joe, of course you weren't--this is older than maybe even both of us--What was the deal when they loaded that train in Provo, Utah Railway and they brought it into Martin at the yards at Utah Railway with these scabs in the cars to go to Spring Canyon? Was it up there?Yes.And the engineer, conductor, found out who was in these cars and he refused to run it?That's right.And then old man Vaughn, he said, "Well, I'll run it up there." He got to the tunnel and started up the canyon and they started shooting.JM: WB:JM: WB:111
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: Yes, that's right.WB: That's why he limped, didn't he? Because he got shot inthat deal?JM: That's right, that's right. You're right.WB: That was clear back in 1922, though, wasn't it?jM: Twenty-two, that was way back in 1922.WB: JM:NT: WB: NT: WB:JM: NT: WB: NT: WB:JM:Now that--That's when they first started organizing. That's when they moved us all into camps down in the jungle.Now...Until the day excuse me, Nancy.Go ahead.Until the day he died, if you mentioned that's men's name around our house or if my dad ever saw him, turn his head and walk away, he'd never... just as soon spit at him. That's right. Spit right in his face.Huh.And those things, they carried to their grave.Gee! I'm amazed they stayed here.Yes, you'd think, you know, but my dad could, and probably maybe Joe could even right now himself, my dadcould go down and name the guys.Oh, yes. I could name everyone of them. I can get you a pencil and paper right here and give you everyone of their names. Every one of them.112
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 WB: Yes.JM: Of course, a lot of them are passed away.WB: Oh, yes.JM: And I went to school with some of those guys, you know? I played baseball with them around here. And don't you think I didn't feel very good when I played with them after that strike was over.NT: Oh, yes.JM: Let me tell you.NT: Yes.WB: It was hard times. they were trying to organize a union.It was the depression.JM: That's the only way they got it, that... you know? Butpeople don't know the inside of this thing here. They don't know what happened, or they would never have gotten a union here. They still wouldn't have had one, because they didn't want any union in these coal mines.NT: That's right. In 1922 what was it like for you? You were just a kid then.JM: Well, they just gave you 24 hours to get out of town. Boy, you went out of town and Frank Lanocci was collect- ing the dues from Kemmerer or someplace in Wyoming. They belonged to the Wyoming local, The United Mine Workers, and they were paying their dues. The sheriff would come up or the marshal in town and say, "OK, Mr. Broderick, I113
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 understand you are against the company, you want to organize a union, goodbye."WB: It's just like Castle Gate, my mother's family.JM: Oh, hell, we lived down by Nick Becacti, you know wherehe's got his bar? WB: Yes.JM: Those tents down there-they sent from Wyoming down there for those guys that lived... We lived on rabbits and potatoes that we got from Jones there. And then we would kill cottontails down there with a stick.WB: According to my mother, they lived in a tent down in Miller Creek, and I don't know if it was down in that area where they, Lean Ars' place is or just over the hill, down in the flats.JM: Over the hill, in that flat. I remember where it is.WB: Down in that flat.NT: And the unions are the one that provided the tents? Isthat right?JM: Well, yes. Not from here. We didn't have any union there,here. From Wyoming in different places. And do you knowwhat they give you? NT: What?JM: Each kid and parent fifty cents a day to live on. NT: That's all?JM: What do you think we eat rabbits for down there?114
 JOENT: JM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 Geez.I remember down there over in Sunnnyside, we used to... Oh, Bull, Dave, Bob and Vincent and I used to go down with a gunnysack and a piece of willow that big around and that long. And those little cottontails would be behind a willow and we'd hit them behind the neck here... Break their neck.WB:JM: And skin them out like a banana, and throw them in theWB:JM: WB:JM: NT: WB: JM: WB:JM: WB:gunnysack. We were hungry, let me tell you. When they were broken up, there was no union. Nothing 'til '33. What was the deal, Joe, at that time there was no national law giving the right to organize or bargain collectively ...No.Some states had it, like Wyoming, they could do it and Utah, of course, being a Mormon-considered state, they didn't want a union here.That's right. And you know why.Yes.The Wagner Act rocked Roosevelt's administration ... That's right.From the very first year. Gave them the right to bargain collectively and organize these unions.That's right.So then that's when this started here and the unions, the115
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 companies knew then that the marking was on the wall. They better accept something. So then they had the twof act ions , and like you said, they just tookthought was the lesser of two evils.NT: Joe, how long were you in the tents in 1922? JM: About eight months.what theyNT:JM: NT:WB: JM: WB: JM: WB:Gall, that ' s a long time. Was i t through the winter or spring?Well, it started in April.Oh, I see. Well then they didn't need anybody to mine coal in A pril, huh?Well, you see, that was another mistake.The mines weren't working then, really.Contracts always expired the first of April, remember? Yes, you cold expect it the first of April.First of April. I remember when I was a kid going to school and maybe I'd go to a show or something and the first of April would come, the contract was over, the strike was on, there was no money in the house. I couldn't go to the show or nothing.Oh, hell, you know the reason we left here in the mines were working one day a week, in the first place. One day a week! And how you going feed eight on one day a week at $7.80 a day?Y e a h .JM:NT :116
 JOEJM:MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 You take out for your lamp and the bathhouse. They didn't have a union. Now the union takes out for the union. I don't know how much they take out now, but anyway they didn't have a union. I think you paid a dollar and a halffor the bathhouse, a dollar for welfare and a dollar for the lamp. They didn't take out much, about three and a half, four dollars.WB: [inaudible]JM: No, they didn't pay with the check, they paid cash. Andthe women that run the boarding house used to go up and get the money, in an envelope. They put the money in an envelope and when they count the coal you loaded, they put it in an envelope and sealed it. And my mother run the boarding house, Mrs. Mary Broderick. And Joe Meliack Tony Franich, John Buzzio, whoever worked there, the boarders, and she'd go up and get that what-you-call-it. She would charge them 25 dollars a month to wash their clothes and ironed all their shirts. All their shirts had to be ironed. They wore white shirts.NT: To mine coal?JM: No, no. Sunday they dressed up.WB: Sunday was a dress-up day.JM: Let me tell you. Those guys used to dress! They didn'trun around with old overalls on in those days. When they got out of that mine, they dressed! For a coal mining117
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 town, you'd be surprised how those people dressed. They were proud of themselves.NT: What else did your mom do for the twenty-five dollars? JM: Well, she fed them and washed their clothes and the mining clothes, too, and their street clothes, like yougot on.WB: Prepare their lunch and--JM: Underwear and prepare their lunch.WB: My grandmother ran a boarding house at Kennilworth and... JM: Breakfast and a lunch and a supper. And I mean, they gotWB:fed. Of course, food was cheaper and, I'11 tell you, those women worked. She had five kids, six kids then. Taking care of six kids and we lived in one house and the boarders stayed in a four-room house. They eat in there and sleep in there and the only time they come over is to eat in our house. And they stayed in their own quarters.... [inaudible] remember things even right now. My mother will say, if somebody will die or somebody sent... I remember when he used to board up to... she says "Ma," her mother, you know. When he was one of Ma's boarders and ...fact, that's how she met my dad. My dad was a boarder there.That's right.JM:WB: And I heard that so many times through the years. In118
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , NT: What's your mom's name? Her maiden name, that is? WB: Ariatti.NT: Oh. I've talked to Keno Ariatti in Spring Glen.1 9 8 2WB: Keno's my uncle, my mother's brother.NT: I see. OK.JM: Well, those people are dying into old people, boy. And anall-owed family. I don't give a darn. They just stick together. These camps, boy, if anybody got sick, there were more babies with midwifes than a doctor. They didn't have any doctors. A doctor couldn't take care of all ... I bet you my mother brought more babies than any doctor in this country ever brought.NT: Huh.JM: We'd get up in the morning and go to school and motherwasn't home. We'd get some peanut butter and whatever... and we always made home-made bread and jam and every- thing. We would eat and get dressed and go to school. Come home for supper and mother wasn't home. The boarders were there wanting to eat and she'd break her neck to get stuff ready for them. And my sisters, when they were 12 years old, could cook just like my mother. Both of them. They made those boarders biscuits and you didn't know whether my mom made them or the girls. They were trained, buddy, let me tell you. And they cold make their own clothes, too, when they were just young kids. My sister119
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 never bought a dress in her life, neither one of them. They made everything they got.NT: Huh.WB: Do you have another? You have a full sister.JM: Francis, yes.WB: Oh, yeah, Francis, sure. I didn't think of that. And thenwith Mike and ...JM: John got killed four years ago, the forth of June.WB: Yes.JM: Got killed in Del Monte.WB: Where's Mike now?JM: Mike's in Burbank.WB: Still down in California.WB: Teeter Tires.NT: What's Francis last name?JM: Myers.NT: Did she marry?JM: She's the only one that's not married. She's 60 yearsold, 62 years old. NT: Oh.WB: What's she ... ?JM: She retired and Ann retired and Glen's retired. WB: Well, Glen retired from ...JM: Yes, he was with American Congress. Huh?WB: Where are they at?120
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 JM: They're in Fort Collins. They live three blocks from JoAnn, my daughter. WB: Oh, is that right? JM: Yes.NT: JM: WB: NT: JM: NT: JM: WB: JM:Who did Ann marry? Glen Jackson.Glen Jackson.Oh.Young Glen Jackson.Which is the one that worked in the courthouse?Ann. Ann Broderick was her name.That was a half-sister to Joe.Yeah, she worked in the courthouse about 13 years, didn't she?WB: Oh, God, I...JM: And then she worked in the district court for a fewyears.WB: I thought she owned that place.JM: That's right. She damn near did.WB: She was the only one that knew what was going on downthere.JM: Oh God, she showed me that book and showed me my name inthere and what I was booked for, I damn near died. I said, "Tear that son-of-a-gun out of there." "No, no," she says.121
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 NT: I don't think you have anything to worry about, Joe,They're not going to get you.JM: I'm not worried about it. My God, if you can be aNT: JM:NT: JM:bootlegger and a striker and get on the police force, you must not be a bad guy. They used to kid the hell out of me. These chief of police they had, you know. They had chief of police meetings and I still belonged to the chief of police, retired. Every once in a while a guy would get up and say, "I want to introduce you to Chief Myers, the Helper City Police Department. The only man that ever collected from the house of ill-repute and still collecting from them and he was a bootlegger before he was a chief of police and he got put in jail for being a striker." I'd get up and say, "Thank you everybody," and everything and "OK." And I say, "Well, it takes a crook to catch a crook. " And then they'd laugh. Gee, you know, all day long. I got to ---?---, didn't bother me. Didn't bother me. I'm not ashamed of them. Not a damnbit.You shouldn't be.I can still hold my head up, I still got a lot of friends.Oh, yes.I don't care if I go to California or wherever I've been. I'm not bragging about it, but I still got a lot of122
 JOE MYERS AND WALT BORLA JUNE 2 9 , 1 9 8 2 friends.WB: They had a much better police force when you were there. JM: Ah, they ain't got no police force. Right.NT: I think I'm going to call a halt to this.JM: Just a minute, you got that thing on yet?END OF INTERVIEW123