       University of Utah Marriott Library Manuscripts DivisionAccn 2070Saving the Legacy Oral History ProjectOlive O'Mara
   OLIVEO'MWest Valley City, UtabAn Interview By Becky B. Lloyd June 22,2002SAVING THE LEGACY: An Oral History of Utah's World War II VeteransTape No. 569 and 570 American West CenterFort Douglas Military Museum and Marriott LibrarySpecial Collections Department University of UtabSalt Lake City, Utab
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH OLIVE O'MARA 0 JU E 22 2002. TH INTERVIEWER IS BECKY B. LLOYD. THI I THE PROJE T ' VI THLEGACY: AN ORAL HISTORY OF UTAH'S WORLD W AR II VETE " TAPE NO. 569 AND 570.BEC: This is an interview with Olive O'Mara at her house in West Valley City Utah. Today's date is June 22, 2002. This is part ofthe Saving the Legacy Project. My name is Becky Lloyd. Olive, let's start with when and where you were born.OLI: I was born in a little town called Scottdale- not the "s", Scottdale- in western Pennsylvania in 1920. My parents were teenagers (laughs). Mother was eighteen, my dad nineteen when I was born.BEC: Were you the oldest child?OLI: I was the oldest. This little town is in the middle of a mining area, a coal mining area-not in the town, but all the area in western Pennsylvania was coal mining at that time. But having parents so young quite often I lived near Mother's people in the coal mining area, in the mining towns we called them, and other times I lived in Scottdale, where Dad's parents lived. Because they were so young, they tried to get Dad into a business. He didn't do well, and then he would go back to the mining towns where Mother's people were and he would work in the mines until he got an injured shoulder or something, and then we'd be back and forth. So I had a dual experience there as I was growing up. By the time I got twelve, I was starting high school. I had started school at age five, in the little mining town, called Thompson Number 2 - I remember it well.Then I was so bored and they constantly asked Mother to let me skip a grade, and she didn't want to because of my age. But about the time I was to go to seventh grade, she and dad weren't having a good relationship among each other. They were young (laughs).
 OLIVE O'MARAJ 22 20 2And she thought, well I'll let her skip this grade then and that way w 11 b thr ugh a year earlier. So I finished eighth grade at twelve and started high school at tw lve and because of that, we went to Scottdale like, permanently, till I finished high school because in the mining town, I would have had to drive five miles to get to Uniontown togo to high school. In fact, I was enrolled in Uniontown, but with the commotion in the family, we ended up in going back to Scottdale. So my life was both in the mining town, which I loved very much, but it was ultimately Scottdale where I was born, and where I was married, and where I taught school. So, actually, that little town, Scottdale became my home. My grandparents moved there when my dad was three.BEC: Where did your grandparents come from?OLI: Connellsville, is where they ended up when they were married. Granddad was born and raised, oh, I would say, about fifteen miles away, in a little town called Middletown; in Hempville Township. And Grandmother was raised in Connellsville. See, her dad, George W. Hill, was a railroad engineer and they had more money. Granddad Osterwise was raised on a farm in Hempville Township, with a larger family. But somewhere they got together and when they married, they lived in Connellsville, where Grandmother's home had always been. She was born there. And Connellsville was about five or six miles from Scottdale. I'm not sure, but somewhere like that. I have a little history of Dad's remembrance of going there when he was three. It was a big excitement to him to leave from Connellsville and ride on a wagon. Granddad then was a blacksmith.I remember well when I was three of seeing Grandad hammer horseshoes on an anvil, and heat them in the fire. I remember because they had to reassure me this wasn't hurting the horse. I was frightened. It was a very vivid memory. Eventually, I realized that3
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 02somehow or another he wasn't hurting that horse. I have a picture of randad Osterwise's blacksmith shop. That's in Scottdale. Scottdale was a major part of my lifl . That's all there is to it. Now during the Depression, though they used to say it was the only graveyard they ever heard of with streetlights (laughs). It was very dull. And that's one of the reasons that I joined-not the only one-but one of the reasons that I joined the service was because once they took the young men out...there weren't very many tobegin with; they were at a premium. I did go with the high school coach a short while, but he ended up marrying someone else he liked better. There weren't many men. A lot of the women, I'm sorry to say, during the war, were going with married men occasionally. That did not fit the culture of my family. They were very strict. Granddad and Grandmother were Baptists, and Mother and Dad, as I said, were young enough that wherever we lived, we were of that denomination (laughs).BEC: Right (laughs).OLI: My other grandmother never went to church. I don't think she ever darkened a door of a church. She was a character and I loved her with all my heart. She was a very wonderful woman to me. She raised flowers and she was a midwife in the mining town, and a little bit in politics, not too much, but a little bit. But my other grandmother, my dad's mother, was a very strict Baptist. In those days, in Scottdale, they knew what your grandfather and your great-grandfather did. You had to live strictly. Otherwise, you had a reputation, and as a schoolteacher, I had to live very strictly. I remember one time one of the little children brought an earring I had lost. She said, "Uncle so-and-so said to bring this to you. He found this on the street." They knew what kind of earrings you wore (laughs). I mean, that sort of a small town. That was my background. I think it says a lot4
 OLIVEO'MARA 222 2if you tum out very naive. I didn't develop much socially. I had th th r t ach r a friends. I was very close to them. But socially, the town had its own little clique and th y more or less socialized among each other's homes. There was no community ro m where the public met. That was more or less my background.BEC: Did you say you had two sisters?OLI: When I was growing up, there were two sisters and I. There was my second sister, Odessa, who became a nurse, and Ruth, the youngest, was a secretary. We three siblings were the "first" family. We did lose another little girl at birth. You know, in the mining town, there were no doctors in those days; there was no hospital to go to. Nowadays, we never would have lost little Thelma. But, years later in Scottdale when I was eighteen and had two years of college, Mother had gotten appendicitis or something and went to the hospital. Whatever they did, she came back out and had another family (laughs). She had four more. So, I had another sister. I wound up with three sisters. Two little boys that didn't make it. Then my brother, Bob, was the last one. He died two years ago, in the year 2000. So I had, actually, three sisters who were alive, so there were the four of us. Only one sister is alive now. My youngest sister, Margorie, who is in her sixties.BEC: Really?OLI: Yeah. She apparently inherited all the brains because she's a medical doctor and a psychiatrist. She's the only sister I have left; in fact, she's the only sibling I have left because Bob has just died.BEC: Does she live here in Salt Lake?5
 OLIVE O'MARAJ 2222OLI: No she lives in California. She lived in Pittsburgh and wa rais din cottdal the same as I was, but she married, had her children in Pittsburgh and then she and h r family moved to California. She's out there now. She s ready to retire this year or next year. She has a big motor home and I plan to go with her on trips (laughs).BEC: So your father, you said, kind of moved back and forth between mining and, I guess, blacksmithing-you said the family business?OLI: Now, hold it. Granddad was a blacksmith when I was about three and he had gathered up enough money that by that time, 1923, that he had purchased an apartment building at the top ofthe hill on Pittsburgh Street, which is a main street in Scottdale.The other main street was Broadway Avenue, which is the road that led to Connellsville and Mt. Pleasant. So, one main street was Pittsburgh Street. Well, this blacksmith shop was just at the bottom of Pittsburgh Street, Hickory Street, where I was born. Then at the top of the hill is the apartment building. It's still there, but it was sold after Grandmother and Granddad died. We all lived in that apartment building. In fact, I was living in that apartment building when the war broke out and I was teaching school in Scottdale. I lived in one of the apartments and Mother and Dad lived in another one. There were three floors and Granddad and Grandmother lived on a different one.BEC: I see.OLI: Then there were other people who lived in there. So when I was three, my grandparents bought that apartment building. I remember Mother and Dad driving past the house and my screaming, "You passed Grandma and Granddad's house." They were having a great time because they were going to see this apartment building. I remember it so well and my parents were amused. Dad was so young that his youngest brother was6
 OLIVE O'MARAJ 2222just five years old at that time. The teachers who didn t know us thought that my younger uncle was my brother.BEC: You came early and he came late.OLI: Yes. And George, my dad's youngest brother-who s still alive-George, when I was about five or six or something, he tried to talk me into-he didn't, luckily-but we were going to jump off that building using umbrellas because he thought they wereparachutes (laughs). Luckily, I didn't do that. After my age of three, we did not live in the house in which I was born and in which George was born and a couple of the other kids were hom. There were at least two or three born in that same house where I was. Let's see. Where was I? After the age of three, I was connected to the apartment building in Scottdale; still Scottdale in the apartment building. And I taught right across the street, Pittsburgh Street Public Elementary School, and lived in Grandmother and Granddad's apartment. Very sheltered life; very sheltered.BEC: So remind me again, how old were you when you finished high school? OLI: I was sixteen in February, and graduated in June.BEC: All right. And then you went to get your teaching credential?OLI: Yes. I got a scholarship to Juniata College.BEC: Tell me that again.Juniata College, which is a Church of the Brethren College, in the town of Huntingdon, which is in the middle of Pennsylvania.BEC: How do you spell that?OLI: J-U-N-I-A-T-A.BEC: Okay.OLI:7
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2OLI:two years. So I had a teacher's certificate at eighteen but I couldn t get a j b anywh r . Ididn't get a job until I was twenty. I worked at other jobs but Dad had to pull somstrings to get me the teaching job. There just weren't jobs available before the war. We had just been through a depression. And the one thing on earth that I wanted then was to be a doctor, not a nurse, but a doctor. And I tried to get in medical school and they wouldn't take me at sixteen.BEC: When you graduated from high school?OLI: Yeah. And the cost was ridiculous, I mean for us, who had no money at all. That was in '38; I graduated in '36 at sixteen and in '38, we still had no money. Dad was still unemployed. Hehadboughtatruckandhewastryingtodevelopabusinessofsome sort, which earned enough to support us, the family, and living at Grandmother and Granddad's apartment building-we weren't evicted or anything-but we didn't have much money. My nickname was Bubbles. I was called that from the time I was a child. Everybody in the family, who knows me, calls me Bubbles to this day, or Bubs. I can distinguish to whom I'm related to because my relations all address me as Bubs. Dad said to me, "I'll support you two years for some kind of training, but then I have to support your sister. I have to give her a chance. And then two years after her, I'll have to give Ruth a chance." So I knew I had just two years. No medical school would take me, because I was too young they said, but even if they had taken me, I couldn't have gone. So that was out. It was so disappointing. My parents used this expression: "You'll have a teacher's certificate to fall back on." I cringe now when I think of that, because it's so vital to teach children. But at that time, I didn't realize it was important. I taught schoolThere, I got a teacher's-what sit called? Limited T ach r rtificat aft r8
 OLIVEO'MARA 222 2onandoffuntilIretired.WhenIhadmychildrenIdtak ayear rtw ff butb au of the children, I could teach when they were in school. o it did s rve m financially through the years and I retired a couple of months before I was sixty-five b cau th y closed our school and I'd have had to go to a new school which would have been no problem, but I wanted to retire the minute I was sixty-five anyway, I said, 'Hey, six months early? I'll retire at sixty-four." So it was just a couple of months before I wassixty-five I chose to do that. I'm not sure it was wise, but that little bit really didn't matter a lot.BEC: You mentioned the Depression. How was your family affected by the Depression?OLI: Oh, I just lived completely through the Depression. We were in the mining town when the Depression hit. And one of the things in those days is that you talked to each other. I mean, nobody sat in front of a television or anything else. And I was alert to everything going on. We lived in the mining town called Dearth. Dearth is tom down now. I'm searching, and I will this summer and continue to search, for pictures of it because I grew up there and it's in my very veins. That early home meant more to me than Scottdale. Dearth is where you ran out with your bare feet and played with the kids. You know what I mean?BEC: Yeah.OLI: And if a car came into the village, you ran to see what it was (laughs). And we had a doctor, one doctor, Dr. Rebock, who would come if there was some emergency. Everybody would bring their sick ones to him wherever he was.BEC: Oh, really?9
 OLIVE O'MARAJ 2222OLI: Yeah (laughs). It was an experience that doesn t happ n no . I think that,I wanted to become a doctor, although there were other thing I had a b nd toward . I remember I was excited about growing things in the yard watch them grow. And I u d to take- it makes me sick now- but I used to take the hens eggs and put them under the hen and every day break one to see how it developed. And I remember cutting up a snake to see what it was made of. I had this bend to be a doctor and to this day, I think the human body is one ofthe most intriguing things on earth. I respect it so much, it's hardto express. When you think of all the complications in one human body. To this day, I am thrilled with medicine. But the interaction of the hormones and the cells of the body, the body is, to me, the most intriguing thing I could ever conceive of. But I used to then want to know what's inside.BEC: How did it work? And what did it look like?OLI: Yes. And, of course, in those days, don't forget, if you wanted chicken for Sunday, you killed your chicken. Now Dad couldn't kill a chicken; Dad couldn't kill a flea (laughs). But Mother did. She didn't worry about that. During the Depression, we would go on Sundays to the various houses of Mother's four sisters. One Sunday they would have a meal and we would all eat there and then the other Sundays we would go to their houses and eat there. It seemed to work. During the main part of the Depression, a lot ofpeople in Uniontown and all over the country killed themselves. They couldn't deal with this. They had had money, or thought they did. I remember the Playfords father inUniontown killed his whole family and himself and his wife. A lot of people jumped out of windows and killed themselves in those days because of financial loss. Now, Granddad Osterwise was living high on the hog. He had this apartment building and a big10
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2Buick and all that sort of thing. Yet the Depression hit him terribl . Y u ur y u ant t hear all this?BEC: Y es.OLI: I told you I have a memory (laughs).BEC: That's great. It's wonderful.OLI: He lost, you know, all this money, because he gave credit to people. He had this little store at the bottom-not a little store; it was a big one. A&P they called it, on this side and another rental store down at the bottom, then these apartments at the top. And he had the store on the left, but he gave credit to people right and left. I mean, what are you going to do, if people are your own neighbors. You don't let them go hungry. Nobody tried to cheat him. They just didn't have it. And so he lost his money and I rememberseeing him sit an awful lot quietly, right across the street. Granddad developed a cancer of the lymph nodes; they call it Hodgkin's Disease. The only member of his entire family who ever got it. I think it was depression; it was a loss of everything. Grandmother, on the other hand, in order to keep the building and to keep us all financially with our heads above water, used the basement of the building-and it was a big basement-to sell second-hand furniture. She bought cheaply, second-hand furniture and sold it. Well, that causedGranddadandhissonstojustwringtheirhands. Theywerehumiliatedbeyond belief that Grandma would do this. But Grandma was very practical and said, "There's no need for blacksmiths anymore. What do you know how to do? The store is gone. This is what I can do." But I remember and I'm so ashamed of-I love my father-but I'mashamed that he was so resentful that his mother was running a second-hand store. Well, that she was working at all. But that's how the Depression affected us in one small way.11
 OLIVEO'MARA222 2Onmother'sside intheminingtown weateoutofth gard n.Ir m m rhtomato tasted. But one of my uncles worked. Before that Dad worked fl r awas about a year, year-and-a-half-I won t go back that far but I rem mber it- work d on a streetcar in Uniontown. He was a streetcar conductor. Dad had left that by this time- well, he worked there for a couple of years because we moved-I m going back intime and I have to watch out. I have a memory from the time I was six months.BEC: That's amazing.OLI: I don't mean everything at six months, but I remember a couple of things that happened at six months. And at a year-and-a-half, when Dad worked on the streetcar, I remember everything from then on practically. So I don't want to go backwards too far. But that uncle, Plympton Hartford, said, like a lot of those people who had lost their money-now, he didn't have a lot ofmoney but he had a good living. He had a home and he worked on a streetcar-he said, "Oh, this world is going to end. We're in for real trouble." People thought this was sort of the end of life as we knew it. He took the whole family and went to West Virginia on a farm (laughs). That was an experience. It would take a book. Aunt Annie was volatile and she'd tell you what she thought about going to a farm and leaving McClelland Town, which is where they lived, in Fayette County there. Mother was from Fayette County; Dad was from Westmoreland County. They were side by side. So both of those counties is where I lived. Anyway, the Hartfords went to West Virginia. We would go up to see them. They had about five children and Uncle Plymp said, "Money isn't going to amount to anything." You know, he was the streetcar conductor. He said, "I'm going to put my family where at least they have food to eat andthat sort of thing." And they were hungry for a year or two. They accidentally found12hilda
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2potatoes growing up that they had never planted. And th yhad twins while on the farm. It was exciting to visit th m. Wh n you dr up th r , y u had to dodge trees and drive around them. Right now the governm nt has som huge spaces. It's not the same place. Clifton Mills was the name of the place. And thegovernment found that this was near enough to Washington, D.C. to put up important buildings and still be away. My cousin's two kids, boys, were guards for Kennedy.BEC: Oh, really?OLI: Uh-huh. Well, those boys were stable as the West Virginia mountains and good shots (laughs). They were good, levelheaded, wonderful kids. They bought land down in Washington, DC. They became millionaires. So when you went back to Clifton Mills, they weren't those old hillbilly farmers anymore. We were talking about the Depression. That's where one side of the family went. Granddad lost his money helping people and Grandma working and he became ill. I can't help but think that that had something to do with his getting cancer because none of his other family ever had cancer.BEC: Did he eventually die from it?OLI: Oh, yes. Now days they could probably keep him going, but that was an unusual disease, so they thought at the time. Oh, yeah. I remember sitting with him for night after night after night until he died. The Depression didn't really leave. It wasn't over until the threat of the war came. It wasn't over until then, really and truly. Just before I got a teaching job, I went to Harrisburg with some friends who were married and moved out there. I went to Harrisburg and got odd jobs, like I working at a store and somebabysitting. I mean, I watched a couple of boys while their mother worked. Then when I got the teaching job, of course, then I moved back to Scottdale. But in between eighteen13
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2and twenty, I tried a variety ofthings. I worked in a candy h p. lm tan hing th t would bring in money for myself.BEC: So you said your dad had to pull some strings to get you the teaching job? OLI: Yes. While I was in Harrisburg, I could see that there wasn t much in cottdal for me to do. And I don't know who he talked to, but everybody knew everybody. o there was a vacancy and he, I don't know what kind of strings he pulled. All I know is that I personally put in the papers, but that's all I did (laughs). I remember his calling me and saying, "If you get a teaching job, will you come back?" because I was kind ofsatisfied in Harrisburg; I wasn't doing much, but I was satisfied with these friends of mine from a little town near Scottdale. We played pinochle all that summer (laughs). I was pretty good at pinochle by the end ofthat time (laughs). And I was happy because they were easy going. One ofthe things in my family was, you were supposed to amount to something. And I never did know what I was supposed to amount to, but these were the kind of people who didn't amount to anything (laughs).BEC: I see. And that made them very attractive.OLI: I just loved playing pinochle day and night. And they were happy as long as there was food on the table (laughs). They weren't horrible people. They were perfectly good people. But-Mary and Joe-the reason I remember them is that they had a baby on Christmas or Christmas Eve, I forget. But it was Mary and Joseph.BEC: Oh (laughs). That's funny.OLI: But I told Dad, "Yes, if I get a teaching job I'll come back, but I'm not coming back to live in that small town and do nothing. I just can't deal with it." But he got thejob. I don't know who he talked to.14
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2BEC: So were you the only teacher there?OLI: Oh, no. There were a lot of teachers.BEC: Oh, okay. See, I'm picturing a one-room classroom. It was n thing lik that? OLI: No, that would be in West Virginia. There was one building one room with eight grades in Clifton Mills. But I didn't teach there. That was just where all my cousinswent. No, in Scottdale, they had two elementary schools. One across town was called Browntown. I taught there a year or two. And then there was another school on Pittsburgh Street, which is right across from our building. No. Of course, through the years they built a new high school. The high school that I went to is now a junior high. They have one, two, three, four, plus the high school now. Where I went to high school is a junior high now.BEC: I see.OLI: No, it was not that small a town. It had, I would say, somewhere between fiveand eight thousand people scattered out.BEC: So what grade did you start teaching?OLI: First.BEC: First grade?Uh-huh. And then second. Mostly I was in first and second. Then when I went to Pittsburgh, after I was married, I taught mostly the intermediate grades, which were the fourth, fifth and sixth. And Dad and my husband always would say, "Why don't you teach high school?" And I kept saying, "I've gotten my salary up. I'm getting more money now teaching these grade school children than I would be at high school." But I did teach English as a second language and GED at night, and I loved that. I would haveOLI:15
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2beenmuch,muchbetterasahighschooloracollegeteach r. I a mu hh ppi rin something that challenged academically. I never felt that I wa actually a good t ach r. Now over the years, I learned to teach-at the poor children s expense-and so th r were a couple of years you might say, "Yeah, she's a good teacher. But on the whole I don't think I was made for squelching myself and not to consider the children. I did not- I mean, I did an average job; even better in a few things-you know what I mean-but Iwould say a mediocre teacher through the years. Now where was I?BEC: What I want to do is find out--okay, lead me into you getting into the service. OLI: Okay. Just so I won't get myself confused here, while I was teaching in this little town, I started at 1940 to '41, in June of '41. That would have completed one year ofteaching. The second year after I started teaching is when, in December of '41-I started teaching in September of '40-in December of '41 is when the war was declared or Roosevelt came over the radio and said the Japanese had bombed Pearl Harbor. Until recently, I thought the only thing they bombed was Pearl Harbor and I found out later they bombed other places, too. But that was the one thing he talked about. At that time, I was in the apartment building with one of the teachers, who was a good friend of mine. There were one or two ofthem. Usually on a Sunday we would get together. What do you do on Sunday afternoon? You know, you made fudge or you sat there and talked. So we were enjoying ourselves when one of my sisters ran over and yelled, "Come listen to Mom's radio. Roosevelt says that the Japs have bombed Pearl Harbor." So immediately when we sat there around this old fashioned radio and listened to it, I assumed- everybody knew instantly the world was changed and everything we had done waschanged too. And sure enough, I mean, it didn't take long for the whole country to be16
 OLIVE O'MARA22 20 2mobilized. You really remember things like that. It was just lik th y' d n n ith this little girl who's missing. It didn't take long for our whol country t g t m biliz d right away. Then, every man who could went in the service. Oddly enough th m n w r not in good physical shape. Nobody had worked too hard or needed to get themselve in shape. But enough of them went. My brother-in-law Dick Dunford Ruth s husband hada heart problem. He couldn't go. I forget where Odessa was. She was probably in nurses training. But she and Ruth married soon after each other. I'm a little confused. I could look up the dates, but I know that Ruth was married and probably Odessa was married because they were married not too far apart. I was the single one. Nobody wanted me, I guess. Anyway, the other teachers and I were all excited. Okay, there's a war on. From that minute on-well, this was only my second year of teaching and as I said, Dad had gone to a lot of trouble to get me that job. I couldn't just quit and go. But in our family there's an enormous amount ofpatriotism. It's akin to a religion. At the time I was growing up, all the time in the mining towns and back in the East, they would talk about Gettysburg. One of our families lived on the grounds of the battle of Gettysburg. And he sold to the war department all the stuff they picked up. I have ancestors who've been over here since the 1700s who've fought in every war. Germans-you know the Germans and their fighting. One of the Rosensteel family became a Catholic, just one out of the whole lot, who lived in York. He used to brag that in every World War I country, one of his ancestors was an officer. Dad was briefly getting ready for World War I. I have a picture ofhim in the outfit in the First World War. He didn't go because he was still too youngbut he was obviously getting ready because there's a picture of him. There are a lot of stories about that. Mother's boyfriends were in the service and Dad was working in the17
 OLIVE O'MARAJ 2222mining town. In those days, the mining town in Dearth and all ar a ar und th r th mines were run by H.C. Frick Coal Company. Frick was born a coupl f milScottdale. But they had a central store there. They rented the houses to the min r and they had a central store, which I'm putting in my genealogy as a big memory. Dad was a manager, at seventeen-and-a-half or eighteen, because he had grown up in Granddad s store in Scottdale. Mother was a clerk. He was very young to be in a managerial position.Of course, there's nobody in a mining town except the miners. You know what I mean? They would've had to bring from somewhere else anyone who worked there.The mining houses were four rooms in each one, and they were all painted different colors. I remember we argued about who got the green house, who got the brown one, who got the red house, like that. You charged everything at the company store, and then they took it out of your pay. Everything you did was H.C. Frick, because they owned this little mining town. And that's where Mother and Dad met. The reason I bring that up is because at the First World War, Dad was a little too young. I have clear records oftheir marriage, a big framed record. The whole family was and is very patriotic in the sense that we were taught that, I'm repeating it, somewhat like a religion. If you ever had to give your life for your country, you do it! So many of our ancestors did. When I do my genealogy, I can't get through the military records. I'm going to have to spend the rest of the summer doing it because they're so many of them. And when I go back, I wander the fields, even to this day, to see where my ancestors are buried. Simon Steiner is buried in Arlington Cemetery and some of the others, too. There are stories inthe family about Great-Granddad who took the horses and wagon after one of the battles to go to try to find his two sons and bring them back to bury them. Because there was18
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2nowhere to keep them, they were buried right there unless om body ould g g t th m. Anyway, our whole family has had this. Out here in the West you talk about our family came with the pioneers across the plains. We did have one little family I ve look d it up and found out that they did, but no near relatives. But back there you talked about all the family that had been in the service and where they were and so-and-so lost a leg or something. So it was all very patriotic. So my desire, almost like someone now days would say I have to serve a mission, my idea was, I've got to go to that war, somehow or another. Dad had no sons. He had had four daughters by that time. Well, five if you count ThelmaJane.Bobbywasn'tbornyet. Marge,myyoungestsister,wasjustsevenoreight. Yeah, Marge was born in '38 and Bob was born in '47.END OF SIDE A, TAPE 1BEC: Go ahead.OLI: Unfortunately, Bob always had a little weak spot in his back. He was a handsome little boy. I have all these pictures of him. But at the age of two he came down with German measles, the kind of measles that aren't three-day measles; they were serious. The doctor would come every day to see him. In those days, doctors came toyour home. Each time the doctor thought that Bob wouldn't be alive the next day. When the measles came out on him, he looked like a piece of raw flesh. He was damaged at age two. Everyone assumed as he grew up that he had had polio as a child. It got till I didn't even try to explain to anybody (laughs), because he didn't walk right and he moved like someone who had had polio. But it was measles that damaged his brain. I remember19
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2when he was a little, tiny thing-two or three-by that time h couldn t walk right, t. The doctors said to Mother and Dad, "Now, you know by the time he s si h 11 ha t be institutionalized." He was their only son. Right away Dad got a store-b cause that still was in the family. There's a little Jewish in the family one member. Great-great Granddad was a German Jew.BEC: Really?OLI: Oh, yeah. He came west to Pennsylvania from Germany and New York. In fact,there's a lot ofthem still inNew York. One was the head ofGimbal's-I knew that. But Dad got a store and Mother and he worked-well, it was down below in Grandma's apartment building they had this store, to try to get enough money to get Bobby, their little boy, taken care ofthe rest ofhis life or at least...fortunately, or unfortunately (I almost say it's unfortunate) Bob's general thinking wasn't affected. It was the motor control. He had excellent intelligence but the motor control was like-what do you call it? Just like polio. He didn't walk right. He was big and strong, and that almost made it worse, because he had a big frame on him. He would have been a big, strong, handsome man, if he hadn't had the measles. Now I always did think, though, even when he was little and real nice-looking and a beautiful baby, that he had a little weak spot in that back; I always did think that. Maybe it's me. Bob had good brains and good sense, but he had a life ofunhappiness.BEC: Because of his physical disabilities?OLI: Yes. He lived in Scottdale all his life. He traveled and visited family and all that sort of thing. Bob called two years ago and said, "I'm going to get my appendix out." Hesaid "The doctors said it's not serious. They just have a small incision to cut out the '20
 OLIVE O'MARA22 20 2appendix." He got it out on Wednesday. They released him Thur day. Thur da nightthey found him dead in bed. My sister, who is a doctor a psychiatrist-th ne I watelling you about-last year discovered that this Vioxx that there sa class-action uit that 'a number of people have died suddenly with this Vioxx that's advertised. he and I remember that Bob said, "Oh, that is so effective." Remember, he was big and strong but he was in pain a lot of the time. [phone rings][turns off tape]OLI: Bob wasn't sick but she said she examined this class-action suit and it fit Bob perfectly. Perfectly.BEC: So that would have been a complication to have had surgery and then some interaction with the drugs?OLI: Yes, well, because of the fact that he had this little surgery, they took him into Pittsburgh, they had the hospital and everyone involved there, the doctors, and had a complete autopsy because they figured, hey, it's going to be related to this surgery and we'll have a lawsuit on our hands. They could not find one thing wrong with Bob. Not one thing.BEC: So they couldn't come up with a cause of death?OLI: No, they had to put "unknown." They couldn't find anything. You know my sister, especially, said, "Is it blood?" Oh, no. They did check that. There were half a dozen things that could have gone wrong in a little operation. No, they ruled out everything. And as I said, they didn't just have a local autopsy; they went into detail about this because it was less than two days after the operations.BEC: Yeah, so strange.21
 OLIVE O'MARA22 20 2OLI: But they couldn't find anything that they could blame in on v n. Marg m sister, says that this is the only thing that fits the Vioxx. Now maybe Vioxx do n t d that to everybody. There had to be enough of them to have a class-action suit. Now where was I? I don't want to go off.BEC: You were talking about how your family had a tradition of patriotism and you felt that real strongly.OLI: So, let's go back to the war now (laughs). By the time the second year was going on, the whole country was mobilized. Dad worked down at the Duraloy ManufacturingPlant. HeworkedonwhatwascalledtheManhattanProject,whichwas the atomic bomb. They had little places all over the country who worked with little parts of it and he knew, though, what he was working on. It was all supposed to be very secret. Everybody had to be particular and precise.One of my cousins came to live with me in my apartment-! had my own apartment-and she worked at a factory and was running, she and a friend at the factory, were running around with a married man, which was horrible in our family. You know what I mean?BEC: Right.OLI: But, there were no men around and women were getting that way, and I was watching this. I was bored to death. Something happened in our school system, or our government-! made a remark: they do something right every once in a while (laughs)-what they did was they tried to education the public. The women worked in factories and things ofthat sort. They wanted to educate the men because nobody knew how long this war was going to go on. So the plan was to get men more skilled so they could do things22
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2for the war effort. So the government gave free courses at night cour lik 1 ctrical engineering, locally in the high schools. They were taught not by the public cho 1 but by separate skilled teachers.BEC: You said this was just for the men?OLI: Men and women.BEC: Oh, for anybody?OLI: For anybody who would come. But they didn't have enough people who enrolled. Men seemed to say, "I'm not going to go to that. I'm not going to be- l have enough trouble raising the family, doing my job, I'm not doing that." So the government planners asked us schoolteachers at one of the meetings, "Would you please go to the courses? Go to them yourselves, then the people will realize, or the men, at least, maysay, 'Hey, if the schoolteachers are going to it, it must be something valid or worth our trouble.'" I remember I took all kind of courses: electrical engineering; glass technology-because in Pennsylvania, we have a lot of glass factories, in West Virginia and western Pennsylvania. Lennox is one that's two miles away from there. I can't remember all those courses, because I only took them because they asked us to. "Please take them." And there wasn't anything to do in the evening anyway. What the heck? There's always an outside chance that you'd find some man there (laughs), a single man-which was very unlikely-but, you know, the idea was, what else are you going to do? And they asked you to take them. So I took all I wanted.BEC: Wow.OLI: Only because they asked. BEC: Right.23
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2OLI: ItookasmanyasIcould.Youdidnthavetoworryab utt sts. out kt maybe, but it was not like you paid for it. Anyway another year went by, that y ar at least, around Christmas, 1943, I said, I'm bored to death here teaching by thi tim in this little town. And you could see that the people in the service got free medical care uniforms, and good food. Here we were doing without everything. So I said spurred on by all the patriotism in our family, "I'm the only one single enough who can go. ' I felt not only did I want to go, but I felt obligated to go. I didn't go out of obligation, but it was definitely a strong motivation. I remember our principal saying, "I'd give anything ifI could go fight for our country." That was the feeling about it. And here I was with that opportunity. So over Christmas vacation, holiday, I went to enroll in the service. I assumed I would be an officer, okay, because I felt important in that little town (laughs). So when I went to the recruiting office to sign up, whoever I was with, we were acting silly. We were just acting like high school kids. Now Pittsburgh was only fifty miles away, but in those days, that was a reasonable long ride. And we were acting silly, and I remember after I had signed up, the reason I remember it so keenly is that the man looked sad, the man who recruited us. "You're officer material, but you know, I think you'd be happier as an enlisted person." I don't know whether he thought I was one of two things: either emotionally immature, which I was, or whether he thought I was one of those party people, which I was not. And I remember he looked kind of sad, like, it's a shame. But he said, "I think you'd have a better time." Well, I felt like I was wavering there; I felt like saying, "No, I'm not going in without being an officer." Or, go back to Scottdale where Ihad told everybody I was going in to enlist? Or should I just go ahead? Well, I made a decision. Well, okay, I don't care what you do. I came here to join the war effort anyway,24
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2and I accepted it. As I said, it was a surprise to me and Ijust didn t want t g back t where I was, and what would I do. So, I accepted it. And then in January I w nt.So I retired from the school on that basis. When I came back I would hav my job. I went to the service. And we rode on trains. In those days it was all trains. I went to New York, to the Bronx, where I had the regular training that they give to the WAVE you know, marching, marching, marching. Hunter College is where it was. I never didlike the idea that I have not been an officer. It kind of ruined my pride. I will admit to probably being emotionally immature. I was very serious minded. I was just acting ridiculous that day. At Hunter College, one of the things that happened there is I got a severe backache from marching with these big, heavy shoes, because I had always worn high heels from the time I was twelve. [phone rings][turns off tape]OLI: The doctor said, "Oh, yes. You have broken blood vessels in your back. But you'll be all right, I'm quite sure, after basic training. You won't be marching in these shoes." He gave me the what-do-you-call it therapy? I got out of marching a lot that way because you could see the broken blood vessels.BEC: That sounds terrible, painful.OLI: It was impossible to walk, impossible. But it was kind of fun being there. I remember a few of the girls made their beds at night and slept on the floor so that the bedwould be made in the morning.BEC: (laughs) Right.OLI: I remember one ofthe assignments was to go downtown, New York, alone with a private message to somebody. I think it was just an assignment. But I never heard of25
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2anyone else doing it. I recognized it as a good training. You could find ut if that p r n was reliable and responsible and would do it. So I was given an addr ss and I wa giv n this paper that said, "Take it to so-and-so. This is a private message. o I rememb r going back to New York, feeling very important. In my mind as a teacher I knew it was a training thing, but I never heard of anyone else doing it.BEC: I've never talked to anybody who had that experience.OLI: Never at that time. I never asked, because it was supposed to have been private. So I didn't go around saying, "Did you have a private note?" So that's one of the things I remember. I remember getting pleurisy in the middle oftraining. I remember the cold, wet rain in New York. They started giving freedom after basic training at Hunter College. In the summer we'd go to some of the movies at these theaters where they had the air conditioning then we'd go out in the hot New York streets, and the constant change of temperatures gave me pleurisy. So I remember the severe, just like a backache, I'd get severe pain in my chest at four in the morning, or in the middle of a cold, wet rain going down to sickbay because I could not take the pain any longer. But the funny thing is, I was very strong, apparently. I remember that night I thought, I'm dying of a heart attack or something. And I'd never had pleurisy in my life before, never. I don't think they even gave me anything that I remember. All I know is I got warm and managed to fall asleep. And thereafter I never had anything but little pain, you know, just a little bit. But every summer I have to watch out. And to this day I try to keep a mental account of sudden changes. Those hot New York streets and then into the air conditioning. Washington's the same way. Back east, you have all the stone and you have the heat withthe summer, and then you go into where you have to have air conditioning. I can develop26
 OLIVEO'MARA 222 2alittlepleurisy justenoughthatIknowitsthere.Icantthink ft muchm r .Ih d one good boyfriend there, Tommy Lee; he was a Mormon. I remember wh n I w nt back home, told them I was going with a Mormon (laughs), I mean we d never been anything but Baptists. I could even tell what they were thinking: "I hope to heaven she s found a man!" because I was twenty-four. In the WAVES, at Hunter College, I became twenty- four. That was the day they took our pictures, so I have my WAVES pictures on mybirthday.BEC: Really?OLI: Yeah, so I can always identify that day I turned twenty-four. So the family was kind of worried that I had not-the other two were married by this time, even the younger one. But Grandma was worried about all those other wives (laughs). And poor Tommy was only nineteen. But he was a nice kid. He was one of those guys I would have married if he had been old enough. But, hey, the fact that I'm twenty-four and he's nineteen, forget it. I'm not raising kids (laughs).BEC: How did you meet and have time to have a boyfriend?OLI: That's one thing I've often thought about. He must have worked on the base or something, because I remember, clearly, sitting with him-I got in trouble one time at bootcamp. Idon'tknowwhatIhaddonebecauseIdon'tdothatmuch-butIremember his bringing a model of a ship and we sat in the barracks, at Hunter College and made this model because I wasn't allowed to leave the base. So I know he was there. I don't know what he did or how I got a boyfriend. But he was there all the time, so he had to haveworked there. I wish I would have kept a journal because then I would have had some idea.27
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2BEC: Well, I was just curious.OLI: I've wondered that myself. This picture is in front of the barracks at b ot campin Hunter College [looking at photo]. And I remember, I know he was there all the time. OLI: But I know that he was, and I know that at the time there weren't many peopl who had boyfriends on there. But I have no idea what Tommy did.BEC: So what eventually happened to him, do you know?OLI: He and I were friends until long after the war. He wanted to be married. He was a good Mormon, and he wanted to marry me. I remember he said, (laughs) - h e was so right-"! know there's an age difference," but he said, "When I'm older, I'm going to be mature, and you're still going to be child-like." And he was right! I don't know where he got that insight at such a young age. But it's the truth. He could recognize it. My immaturity is kind of subtle, as I am now. I consider myself immature even now. He said, "I have another girlfriend back home who's a little older than I am." He said, "If you don't marry me, I'm going to marry her." He felt that he was more mature at nineteen, he acted more like he was twenty-two, and turning twenty-four I acted like I was nineteen. I remember he came to Pittsburgh.BEC: Did he visit your grandma?OLI: Yes and she liked him. But they were worried about these other wives, Grandma was. I don't think Mom and Dad cared; they sure didn't act like they cared. Anyway, he and I were very close friends. Tommy was one wonderful catch, but there were too many years between, for me mentally, to accept that.BEC: Right.28
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2002OLI: Anyway, let's see. At the end of boot camp when th y aid What y u g ing t do?" I said, "Well, I could never be a doctor; I want to be a nurse. I thought I c uld b a Clara Barton. I really wanted to be a nurse then. Back when I wanted to study it wasn t for being a nurse. But now, I felt for these boys in the service going in there, being shot at. I wanted to be a nurse. When they called me up to see what I was going to do shesaid, "You're going to be an electrician's mate." I said, "Uh, uh, uh, 'because I'd been hearing the other kids say what they were going to do. Surprisingly, I opened my mouth; usually I sit there like, "All right." I said, "I don't want to be an electrician's mate. I don't want to work with things. I want to work with people. I'd like to be a nurse." I said, "I don't even like mechanical things like that; I want to work with people." She said, "Don't you realize that this is what we call, in the service, 'a plum'?" She said, "You're being given an opportunity. There's only one other girl, the two of you, are going to be trained here in New York to be an electrician. Only two people on the East Coast and two on the West Coast. We're offering you something really wonderful." I said, "But I really don't want it; I don't like electricity." She said, "You have to like it, whether you think you do or not." She said, "You wouldn't have taken all those other courses, all those technical courses, if you didn't like it."BEC: Oh, no.OLI: That's what she said. She said no one would have taken that many courses if they didn't like it. Well, in the Navy, you don't tell the Navy what you want; you're told what you'll do. So I was made an electrician's mate. And I was resentful, even though other kids would have gone around bragging about it, there's only two of us on the East Coast. I didn't like it one bit and promised myself! wouldn't (laughs). Anyway, I went29
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2down to Herald Square Hotel, the other girl and I went for a pictur . ant r m mb r h r name; never wrote it down. We rode the subway I think it was- it had to b - t Brooklyn Navy Yard and to the training school. It was excellent training. Oh for year I had all this excellent training on a projector. I could take a movie projector apart put it together again. What they wanted us girls to do was to show movies to the women. Theoperator had to know how a projector worked. I was not electrical work per se, but how to repair the projector, how to run it, thoroughly inside and out. The Navy yard school was attended with all men and two girls. Boy, the lights came on (laughs). This wasn't a bad assignment after all (laughs). From a small town where I had never had a n y - couldn't even get a date for years and years, not one good sensible date. Now here are all these guys. For some reason or another I did learn stuff and paid attention, because I carefully did it, but I knew where every guy was in that room, too. And, now, I did not date anybody there. We kept exchanging numbers and I know, "Jack Jones. I'm from Ohio. When we get out ofthe service or whenever we get out ofthis training..."BEC: So you were prohibited from dating during this training?OLI: Not really, but there wasn't any time because when you left there you had to go back to the hotel with this girl and they were stricter than we were. We were free to go back to the hotel; they were right in the Naval yard, the Brooklyn Navy Yard. And besides, there was safety in numbers. If I started showing attention or any guy was getting too much attention, the others jumped in. All my association there was in the one room of the school and I did have enough sense to pay attention to it. You know, really, I did, I did carefully take the notes down. partly to keep focused on it. Anyway, I didn'tdate anybody whatsoever. I had a lot of addresses lost. But I got inspired with the30
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2attention I was getting. This was way back from no art ntion whatand Dad were kind of hoping I'd find one man somewhere and wh re I had n dat and I'm here with all these men. Some of them were married I suppose but most of th m were single. As far as I knew, they all were. Anyway, Herald Square Hotel was not too far from the Empire State Building. The memories I had are of getting up every morning and going to the subways, going with this one girl, she and I together. I wasn't very-wedidn't have any trouble but I didn't get along with her because she was not as popular as I was. And when I say popular it was kind of because I was all excited there were men. She was a wonderfully, perfectly nice girl but she was not the kind to attract attention. She probably was a much more stable, reliable person, but I got the attention, more. So we didn't get close to each other. Now she was sent on the East Coast somewhere and I was kept in New York. After the training I was sent up to the some office. The office was right down in the middle ofNew York, not too far from Herald Square. There was a whole gang ofprojectionists in the office. This is the gang [showing photo]. So there with those people, I spent the next year or year-and-a-half-whatever it was-very close to them. I think of a story about each one of them. This one man here, he had a nice family. We went horseback riding up in his area. I think was called Queens. We went horseback riding there one weekend, and I got poison ivy. I'm extremely allergic to poison ivy. I was down the middle of New York City, and I'd be dabbing stuff on the poison ivy. Anyway, he had a family, a nice family up there, and his last little child was Down's Syndrome. There's a story about all of them. There's Chief Gretzinger. I liked him. Thiswas a good friend (looking at picture). She liked the guy I dated, Andy Eastwick, right here. Andy's father had plantations down in the islands down toward Florida or Cuba or31
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2somewhere. He was wealthy. And so every aturday we dane d and u kn - I   rg t the name of the hotel. I think it was at the Roosevelt. We went to Guy ombard Saturday night as a regular date. I just took it for granted I had it made there. Partly because you could tell I was stupidly naive; I was not dumb but I was the kind you didn t have to worry about. I was a decent person when I went in I was a decent person when I came out. You know what I mean. And because ofthat, I could get boyfriends. Iftheywere out for something else, they knew right well I was not the right one so (laughs), they didn't waste their time. This girl (in the picture) here came back on one of my vacations and went to West Virginia with me. I have lots of pictures with her. Remember I told you about Uncle Plymp and Aunt Annie and we had a wonderful time there, because she was from New York and she was so excited to go to West Virginia.BEC: Yeah, to see the country.OLI: Yeah. This is one man's wife, only she wasn't there all the time; she was there for the picture. He and I worked very closely together and we fought all the time (laughs). He says, "Yeah, you get everything because you're a woman." He used to say, "You wear silk underclothes (laughs)." We were friends, but Chief would always say, "Would you two cut it out." I mean, I liked him and I think he didn't mind me, but it was just kind of fun to be half serious and half not. Now, these two both had red hair. And they went out regularly. They almost all went out at the end of the day to the nearest bar and had adrink. They weren't drunks; they just had a drink. I was brought up thinking, you don't drink; you don't go to bars. I wouldn't go. And I remember this Red saying to me, "That is not right, Olive. You should join whatever group you're with." Go anyway. I remember one time, I went, but I wouldn't drink; I didn't fit in with this after-hours stuff.32
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2And to this very day I wonder if he's not right. You kn w what I m an? more or less of a loner. I don't feel obligated to join your group unl sit join and do what I want to do. And I'm not sure it's right.BEC: That your attitude is right?thi da I'mOLI: Yes, I'm not sure it's right. Here I am at eighty-two and I'm not sure that he didn't have the right idea. For example, this is just personal, the church is a group of women, when they get together, they're friends and I like them and everything, but they talk about other people constantly. And I just have-same as not drinking-! don't believe you should talk about other people. I don't go with them to join them. It's the exact same thing here. They went out afterwards and had a drink. That didn't seem that bad to them and I'm not sure that I didn't take a wrong path, because I still have the same attitude to this day. I will not join a group of people-even if I like them, which I did here-if it's so against my grain.BEC: Yeah, but you may not have been happy if you'd done that, though.OLI: But, anyway, that's what I remember him by. This girl had migraines and went to a psychiatrist. Most level-headed, sensible girl I've ever met. She's darling. I don't know whether I ought to tell you that or not--oh, I will. She came back and she said- this will give you an indication ofhow naive and immature I really was-she came back and said, "Oh, he said that you have to be intelligent to get migraines. He could findnothing wrong with me." She said, "Among all these questions, he asked me if I ever loved another woman." And I didn't say much to her at that time, but mentally I'm thinking, "Oh, that poor man. The war does such awful things to people. Maybe she ought to report him, because he's had too much." Luckily, I didn't say anything to her33
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2and I found out later, that you can be emotionally in love with thdid not know it was conceivable. How could you love a woman for the Iov f mik ? That's an impossibility! But I thought later on, it kind of shook, and I thought h if a man had ever asked me I'd have reported him as having-because the war did do things to people. But that shows you how completely, at age twenty-four, I was apart from living in the world. Anyway, I don't know whether I should mention that or not.BEC: I think that's interesting.OLI: But you did have these naive and immature people in the service. It was a different world. Anyway, oh, I better hurry. The thing that got here is finally the war was slowly coming to a close. I'd been here about a year-and-a-half, or something. And these were all-oh, I loved every one ofthem.BEC: And did that staff pretty much stay the same?OLI: Yes, pretty much. But you could tell the war was winding down. We were winning too many battles. I didn't follow the battles. I was having a ball. The USO would give me free tickets to anything-nothing was too good for the servicemen in the war. So I have pictures of myself being in line there. I got tickets to every Broadway play that ever came there. I was afraid of missing one. Tickets to every ballet and I think it was the Roxy Theater that I went to-you know, one ofthese great, big, huge theaters in New York. There wasn't a free hour that I didn't run somewhere: the Palisades in New Jersey;Grant's Tomb (laughs); up and down the entire length of Manhattan-not so much Long Island, though I was over there-constantly taking the boat across, especially to the Statue of Liberty and places like that. I don't know where I got the energy, but I ran constantly. And usually always accompanied by either a girl from the barracks or a sailor.34am laugh !I
 OLIVE O'MARAJ 2222While I was at this office, they took over a hotel and called it the Wom n s RNaval Barracks. So we were moved up individually to those barracks instead ofH raldSquare Hotel. And I had a private room and all the wonderful meals there. I really had it too good. But the war was coming to a close and, hopefully, I will too pretty soon. What they were doing then, there were ships coming in and they had a lot of sailors on these ships. They hadn't discharged them yet; the war wasn't really over. They didn't know what to do with all of them. So what they did was send groups of them to various places, sent them to-a lot ofthem were coming here. I could just picture them saying, "Could you take about ten ofthem?" You know, they'd come. Well, when they came, they were just off the ship. They didn't know New York, but they took an interest in projectors;they learned the projectors. And I sat by and let them. I knew enough by this time, anyway; I had shown so many movies to the women, I could repeat verbatim everything on them. Actually, some of the projectors-you know, back in those days, they had the regular movie projectors. You had the arcs that you'd lift like this, side by side, and you put the arc together and it made the light. And when the little signal came on, you'd tum this one off and this one on, to synchronize, so it looked like it was a steady picture with no change. And I learned all that and practiced and did it. I had nothing too much more to learn.Actually,IcouldhaveusedthatasajobwhenIcameoutbutIdidn't. Iwentto finish a college degree. To me, that was more important. When those sailors would come to the office, they didn't know New York, they were just off a ship and most of them were young, as I look at it now. They were probably nineteen, twenty, but I dated a lot of them. Even though I had a steady boyfriend, I would take them out and show them New York. It didn't seem wrong. They were thrilled to have somebody show them New York.35rv
 OLIVE O'MARA22,2002BEC: Oh, I'm sure.OLI: I think I was a one-woman tour guide. I mean I knew the place from one nd tthe other and I'd just take them to one place or another, take them on walks go to the USO and get tickets to everything. The dates were utterly harmless but a good time for the poor sailors and me, too. It was oddest for a small town girl-now I could seem important. I knew New York and, boy, they stood in awe at this woman. Oh, I have hundreds of pictures here of the nightclubs. At the barracks I had a lot of good girlfriends too, by the way, because once you moved in the barracks, they were all women and yougot good girlfriends, too. But between girlfriends and boyfriends, I never stopped for five minutes. I have just a few of the-these are not all of them. See, we had a lot of the girlfriends, too; I don't mean it was all men. But, believe me, I've got as many boyfriends ...END OF SIDE B, TAPE 1BEC: All right. This is the second tape continuing on Olive's interview. We're talking about her time in New York when the war was starting to wind down.OLI: Everybody realized the war was kind of winding down. The guys here in the group said they were going to try to upgrade their ratings by taking the tests. Well, I had been having such a good time that I couldn't care less but I thought, "You know, it isn't right-1 wasn't an officer to begin with-to come into the service and not add a better grade. Yes, I'll go down, too, I'll go down with you." So we went down and took these tests to see if you could upgrade to an electrician's mate or whatever it is you were doing.36
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 02And when I got in there took the test, and finished it. I looked around andwas busy working. It was as though you were taking a fourth grade elem ntary t t. I thought, "I wonder if I did something wrong; this is ridiculously simple. o I wait d a while, looked around, nobody else moved; everybody's busy working. I went down through it again. Well, I don't know any other answer I could put (laughs). And so after a while, I finally got up and put my paper on the desk and left, because nobody else moved. The next day at the office-well, you know, "How was the test, guys?" "Oh, it washorrible. Olive left halfway through. She just left." "No, I took the test." And they looked at each other like, well we were there; we saw you leave. I thought, well, wait till the scores come out and you'll know. The scores came out a week or two, or whatever time it was, a week or two weeks later. My name was not on the list. And they looked at me and I looked at them and I said, "I don't know what it is. I'll call up and find out." I called up and no one answered. Have you ever tried to get the government to give you some kind of information and they don't want to? No answer. "I don't know why your name was11't on the list." But I took it with all these other people. And then I mumbled, "I took that test. I know it was..." And they began looking at each other like, Poor woman. She can't face the fact. She pretended that she did it and she left halfway through, we know that, and there's Olive pretending it's so easy. Inside, it really burned me up. And I called and I called and I called. I never got an answer from anybody; never got an answer from anybody. Well, the war was winding down; they closed our office. By that time, everybody knew that Olive didn't pass. It didn't matter anyway; they got theirs. I was sent to the cable office down in lower Manhattan, where the cables came through acrossthe seas. I don't know where the others were all sent. When I went down there, I didn't37
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2002know anybody. But that didn't bother me. I was twenty-five by this tim and wa abl t handle on my own anyway. You could tell the war was coming to a clo e. I called m r often. I thought I would like to have a little upgrade in my class before the war is over. I called, "No, we have no idea why your name wasn't on there. We have no idea whatsoever." Finally, and this was a strange experience, but finally one day I said ' I have nothing to lose." I called up and I said, "Let me tell you something. I'm coming up there tomorrow morning after work. And I'm not leaving your office till you find outwhere my name was." I meant it. I mean, they knew I meant it, I think, because of what happened later. I said, "I'll sit there till you go through the papers. I had my name on, I did the work, I want to know why it's not there." By this time I was really, really shook up. I had been embarrassed-of course, the office was closed by this time. But here was the war coming to a close and I've gone nowhere. I've amounted to nothing. I said, "I'm coming up tomorrow morning and I'm not leaving." That night over the cable, the war was over. In the middle ofthe night came the news that the war was over. We knew it in the cable office and, of course, everybody was excited, but there was no hysteria. Oh, boy, we were expecting it, but thank goodness. In the middle of the night, I knew, the war was over. That morning, the morning I had told them that I was coming up (laughs), I came out of work, it was sometime early in the morning, five or six or something. I had been on night duty. By the way, I used to take a lunch with me because I had the night shift. I would sit down at the lower Manhattan, looking across the water to the Statue of Liberty, alone, sitting there, eating my lunch, because I didn't know anybody in thatplace. Can you imagine doing a thing like that now days? BEC: No.38
 OLIVE O'MARAJ 22 2 02OLI: I remember sitting there one time just looking over at the tatulunch and thinking. This is in the middle of the night. There was nowhere to eat th r was no place else, and you had to take your lunch if you wanted to eat. Anyway wh n I came out that morning, the streets were deserted, like usual. I think it s called Wall Street, the financial street. The cable office was right there across the street from theStatue of Liberty. I walked up to the naval office. I walked up, if I remember correctly, although I may have taken the subway part way up. I don't know exactly where it was- and I came into the office where I was going to park all day for an answer and everybody was screaming. The woman, the officer of the day was there and I said to her, "I'm Olive Osterwise and I am here to find out why I am not getting my upgrade on my class recorded." And she said, "Oh, my goodness. That doesn't matter, that doesn't matter. The war's over, the war's over." Well, I had known about it since the middle of the night. So I said to her, "I know the war is over. What I want to know is..." She looked at me in complete awe. She did not know that I had found out the war was over, too. She had-I will give her this, she had a lot of respect for what happened. She looked at me like, this woman can stand up to a war being o'ver or not over, she's following through with it. And do you know what that woman did? She walked over to the file-she must have had it from either the day before or always had it, I don't know-she walked over to the file, brought the file back, and said to me, "You weren't on there because we didn't know there was an Olive. Olive is not a man's name. We couldn't find an Oliver and we didn't think any woman would have taken that test and passed it like that."BEC: Really?39ating my
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2OLI: That's exactly the explanation she gave me. after all the w ek f my ailing and calling and calling. With the war being over she wasn t I don t think trying t put on any kind of an act. She could just say what happened. It was such an excuse. he wasn't going to try to stop me, herself, or anybody else. She just said, ' That was a woman's name. We couldn't find a man's name that was similar and no way a woman would have made that." And it was so ridiculously simple. Oh, for heaven's sake. It waslike taking a grade school test or something. What could I do? Ijust said, "All right." I got my answer at least. I couldn't change it. That was the day the war was over and they were all excited. And frankly, when I look back on it, the war was over, it wouldn't have mattered. I don't know whether she could have changed anything or not-not that she would have, I don't think, anyway. But they held out for the last split second to tell me that that's the reason my name was not on there. And I held out to find out why. I walked out, kind of-well, I got my answer; I guess that's what I went for-and down the streets ofNew York. They were going wild. It was ticker tape flying everywhere, people were screaming, carrying on, and I'm walking down the street, tired (laughs), bewildered feeling that I had known the war was over for ages. And I thought, "I just don't fit in anywhere." That was a funny experience. But I had the most wonderful time. I'm so ashamed to say that. The war was going on; people were suffering, and here I was having absolutely a time to remember the rest of my life. Now, that's about all there is to say, except that as I was getting out of, being discharged in Washington-I was discharged in Washington, D.C., at the armory there-but wherever the last doctor looked at me, they give you a cursory examination before you get out, he was very angry. He said, "I'm not40
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 02discharging you!" He said, "Not till I find out the doctor that ever l t you in h r with heart like that."BEC: Really?OLI: And he hem-hawed around and threw a bunch of papers around but with awhole bunch of people trying to get out, he didn't press the issue, thank goodness. I knew I had had a little bit of trouble before I came in but the doctor said to me the doctor back'home in Scottdale said, "Olive, try to get in. If you get in, it's going to do one of twothings. It's going to make you or break you, because you do have a problem here." He said, "When you go in, tell the doctor that your doctor back home said that he knows that you have this little bit of a problem, that he doesn't think it's too important." Now, that's when I went in. He said, "Now it will do one oftwo things. You're going to get stronger or you'll be discharged because you won't be able to handle it." Well, I got stronger (laughs). I was raring to go, and here I am at eighty-two. But apparently, I still had something that showed up. That was the last little experience. Riding this train, I remember. Oh, standing up for hours, the trains were so crowded. Oohhhh, that was horrible. I've told you about how the GI Bill helped me to get into a field of interest, because you don't make much money at philosophy, but a field of interest that has changed my life entirely. But that's the end of the story.BEC: So, you did meet your husband, you said, during the war?OLI: After the war. I did not know him during the war. I went to a couple of meetings with some other naval friends and he was talking about naval law. And I looked at himand I thought, "He's a potential mate. By this time, I'm pushing thirty. I've got to find a man somewhere. I had had all these dates in the service but most were young kids to me.41
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2It was after the war and I still had no husband. o when David wa gi ing thand I knew he graduated from law school, I thought he s a potential hu band.say something that probably you'll think, well, she's nuts or she wouldn't be saying thi . When the first night that I heard him give a lecture-and this was going through my head, he's a potential husband material for me (laughs)--he started to leave the room at the end of the meeting. I'd maybe been introduced to him, but that s all. And something in my mind said, "That's the man you're going to marry." Well, and I thought what, probably, you would be thinking, well, you were thinking he was potentially husband material, so your mind is going that direction. So you made that up, kind of. But it was almost like somebody talked to me. And it kind of worried me a little. I'm not used to having talking in my head (laughs). So we followed the whole gang-! call it a gang, the people are the people I was with-we walked down the stairs and he went first and hewent down the street alone, and we were standing there talking and I said, I looked at him, I said, "That was a funny experience." And it came back to me the same words, only this time real strong, much stronger than upstairs, "That is the man you're going to marry." So strong that, I mean to myself, I couldn't deny it, that I'd heard those words. I thought to myself, I'm not making that up. I'm not making this up. I don't even know him, really. I mean, I've only met him. But in my mind, I said, Hey, I'm sorry, but this is too strong and out of the ordinary for me not to take seriously. I thought, well, I'll know. If I'm going to marry him, fine. Maybe because he looks like he's okay. When he called for a date three weeks later, my words to him were, "What took you so long?"BEC: Really (laughs)?42tur , , I'll
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2OLI: That's how much I was convinced that this was right. Anyway in my brain. I didn't worry about it because if I'm going to marry him fine. But why didn t h call acouple of days later. Anyway, I married him six weeks later. BEC: Is that right?OLI: Uh-huh. Six weeks later.BEC: That's quick.OLI: Yes, very quick. And part ofthe reason it was so quick is I was one hundredpercent convinced; the poor man didn't know it. He didn't know. But in my mind, I wasconvinced this is something that I've been told is the future. And I wasn't used to that,but it was so strong the second time that it convinced me this is the future. And the onlytrouble we had is I wanted to wait a year and accumulate some money because in my mind I was convinced, well, we're going to get married anyway. What's another year? But see, he did not have any crazy thoughts. He said, "No. In a year you'll find somebody else. We'll either get married now or we won't. I mean we dated for six weeks but I thought, yeah. I would have rather waited until we had some money accumulated. Anyway, that's the end of that. In one way he's related to the story of the navy. Now, he was in the army in Africa; he saw active service down there. And I had nothing to do with that. This was after the war but it was at a navy meeting.BEC: And you wouldn't have been there had you not been in the navy.OLI: I wouldn't have been there if I'd not gone to the navy. That's it. Any questions?BEC: Yes. How many children do you have?OLI: Three. I had three in less than three years, a little under three years. I was climbing the walls. For someone who had had a ball in life and had had no problems and43
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2wanted to go on and get a doctorate, then I had three little babies in a row. It wa r ugh for me; it was rough. But my son, David, went through the Naval Academy in Annap li . Mary is a lawyer now and John is in there. John lives here. I helped him buy this hou so that when I die he has a place to live. He has schizophrenia, but he s very high functioning. You wouldn't think there was anything wrong with him. It's embarrassing for him. He has to take medicine all the time. If you were to stop the medicine, he'd gethallucinations or something. He thinks the FBI is there somewhere.BEC: Kind of delusional.OLI: Yeah. But you know, he's been a good son. It's been a terrible time for him through some of the years when he was a teenager. He didn't want to live because he felt he was a disgrace to the family and he could never be what the other two were. He has a high IQ; he has a higher one than I do, when he was young. And he's very high functioning. But that's John.BEC: And you have how many grandchildren?OLI: I have twelve. Dave has six; Mary has six.BEC: And does Dave live in the area too?OLI: Dave lives in Manassas, Virginia. He got married. He and Ruth, who had the six kids, got divorced. I just got my first great-grandchild. I'm thrilled with having a great- grandchild. I have twelve grandchildren. All twelve ofthem are wonderful children, marvelous children. I feel bad that Dave isn't here to see them. He had a heart attack when he was fifty-two.BEC: And did that kill him?44
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2OLI: Yes. He was in the hospital for two or three weeks. Th r was n thing th y could do.BEC: That's so young. OLI: Isn't that young?BEC: Terribly young. So you taught-we were talking before and you told me you retired from teaching when you sixty-four.OLI: Yes, at sixty-four, just short of sixty-five, a couple of months short of that. BEC: So that represented about how many years of teaching?OLI: Forty-something. I mean, complete retirement. I started at twenty and retired at sixty-started at age twenty.BEC: So, forty-five?OLI: I mean, I have complete retirement from the teaching in Pennsylvania, and anannuity from Dave.BEC: So you lived most of your live in Pennsylvania?OLI: Yes.BEC: When did you move to Salt Lake?OLI: Well, I became interested in religion later on in life, in my forties. Before that, Ijust wanted nothing to do with it. And that's a story in itself, and I won't even begin to go into that because I wanted nothing to do with religion.BEC: But you've got to tell me when you came to Salt Lake. When did you move here?OLI: Oh, Mary, my oldest daughter, the one that joined the church, stayed in the church and when she graduated from high school, accepted a scholarship at BYU. She45
 OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2had scholarships from all other places too. That s not trying to build up th famil , I m saying where some families have music or art or some other thing in our particular family, if they breed, there must be some kind of lining in the brain that s good. You know what I mean. When she graduated from high school at about eighteen she took that particular scholarship--against her dad's wishes-but she took it because he was not of the faith. He didn't mind if! was, but he wasn't. She came out here and went to school, majored in literature, and met Kelly and married him. And so I was still teaching so I didn't get out here very much. But she married Kelly and they had Rachel, Matthew,Michael-the oldest little girl, Rachel, got rheumatic fever. I was out here at the time. When they took her to the doctor, he took her up to some hospital here in Salt Lake. BEC: Probably Primary Children's?OLI: Mary said, "I've got two or three other kids. Can you get her to American Fork Hospital? I can't get up here to see here regularly." The doctor said, "I don't know." He was a heart specialist and he said he didn't think she'd make the trip. That's how bad she was. She was really, really bad. There was fasting and prayers by everybody everywhere, certainly in our family. Now, I think, Rachel had four scholarships and one of them was to BYU was for a swimming scholarship. She was just short of Olympic material. I came up here while that was going on, when Steve, their fourth child, was just a tiny thing. So here she was running for the hospital with this Rachel so critically ill and the other little babies and so, as I said, I helped with Steve. They always complained that Steven walked later than anyone else, because I wouldn't let him walk (laughs).BEC: Yeah (laughs).46
  OLIVE O'MARA22 2 2OLI: I wouldn't. I stayed with her. I've never really gon back c pt Dr h rt periods. I was at the temple; I was at a mission at the temple wh n that happ n d. BEC: By then, your husband was dead?OLI: Yes, because he died in '72. I think that's enough.END OF SIDE A, TAPE 2END OF INTERVIEW47