 ART JEANSELMECarbon County, UtahAn Interview ByPam Miller and Madge TomsicCarbon County Oral History Project No. 11February 7, 1994American West á Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 TABLE OF CONTENTSH I S P ARENTS' BACKGROUND (WHY THEY CAME WHERE HIS FATHER HERDED SHEEPHIS RESPONSIBILITIES WITH THE SHEEP WHAT THEY A TE A T THE SHEEP CAMPS WHATTHEYATEATHOME . . . . . .HERE) 1 5 7 7 8 HIS FAMILIES TRADITION OF SERVICE TO CARBON COUNTY 9A C T I V I T I E S HE AND H I S F AMIL Y WERE INVOL VED HOW HIS MOM MADE BUTTER, SOAP, ETCETERAE X P E R I E N C E S I N SCHOOL . . . . . . TRADITIONS AND RELIGIOUS BELIEFSI N10 11 12 13 14H I S F A M I L I E SB U S I N E S S E S HE AND H I SINVOL VEMENT WITH SHEEP BROTHERS WEREHERDING INVOL VEDI N 15 20 23 24 WORKING WITH PEOPLE FROM OTHER COUNTRIES IN THE MINE 25 HOW H E S E E S T H E C H A N G E S I N P R I C E 26 THE FLU EPIDEMIC THAT TOOK HIS MOTHER'S LIFE 26 EXPERIENCES WHILE AT THE SHEEP CAMP . 28 THE NUMBER OF SHEEP BEFORE THE 1 9 2 0 s 33 EXPERIENCES LIVING IN MINING CAMPS 34H I S WIFE ANDMINES HE WORKED I NS T R I K E S HE WAS INVOL VEDCHILDRENI NEXPERIENCES DURING PROHIBITION AND HOW THAT HURT CARBON COUNTY'S REPUTATION . . . . . . . . . 35-37
 THIS IS FEBRUARY HISTORYAN INTERVIEW OF ART JEANSELME 7 , 1 9 9 4 BY PAM MILLER FOR THE COMMITTEE . [MADGE TOMSIC IS ALSOSR. , CONDUCTED ONPM: One of the things we're interested in Mr. Jeanselme, is your family and how they came to Price, what made them decide to come to Carbon County rather than another area of the United States. And maybe it'd be best if you gave us the full name of your parents and then proceed to tell the story.AJ: Well my father's name was Pierre Jeanselme, now in America they say Jeanselme (pronounced Gene-sell-me) in France, that is Jeanselme (pronounced Jen-sell-m) . Uh, myfather came to the United States, left his wife and one daughter in France, Dad landed in California, around the Bakersfield area, and his reason for coming was their future in that small town they lived in France, LaMotte, there was no future for the younger people. Their only livelihood was agriculture and sheep, they were in the Alps. And so naturally when he got to Bakersfield he went working with sheep. In those days there were a lot of sheep around Bakersfield, California. So Dad worked with the sheep, saved his money and then he came to Nephi, Utah and there he bought sheep and got into the business himself. And in the meantime he had sent for his wife and our sister Marie who was born in France. Then, the Dusserre family lived in Price, another French familyfrom that area. Mrs. Dusserre was a Jeanselme, a sisterCARBON PRESENT]COUNTY ORAL
 ART JEANSELMEto my father. So, 1 imagine that had some influence for my dad coming here. Mr. Dusserre was successful here with the sheep. Now this goes way back, this goes back before the turn of the century, because, well when dad first came here, they moved into a shack just below the canal over on what's Carbon Avenue now, and they lived in that shack, and that's where Leon was born, one of my brothers, Leon. And Pete and Rebecca the two other sisters were born in Nephi. So that's coming to Price, that's getting to Price. Then, about 1908, Dad bought this home where we lived, what you see in the picture here, the home where the First Federal Bank is now. In those days people owned nearly a city block, they had their home on the corner, and we were on one corner, across the street was Birch's, old Pioneer family, and A.W. Horsely who was a strong uh, worked for the Mormon church and he was one of the original higher ones. Then, on the other corner was Al Ballinger and he was the man that named Carbon County when Carbon County was separated from Emery County. 1 don't know what year, but that's the man that named Carbon County. Then, let's see, Dad of course was out with the sheep most the times, and in these young French people that came from France, alwayslanded at our house, and from there they'd find employment with other sheep outfits. At one time in2
 ART JEANSELMEPrice, there were a lot of French sheepmen. There were the Auberts, Lawrence Aubert, there were the Dusserres, there were the Moyniers, and of course my father had sheep, and there was Joe Garnier, and Pete Gero. Now you know the Geros are still here, the Auberts moved to Colorado, and of course the Moyniers are still here, and the Dusserre family, l don't know how many are left here, not that many. But, uh, that's, you want to know why my dad came here, and went, that's it.PM: Now I'm just curious about, he came from France, is that where he got the boat was in France and then he went around. Which way did he go around the continents?AJ: Well now l don't know. l don't know if he landed in New York, and went across, yes he did. He landed in New York, now l know. He went across country, he went by rail.PM: Do you know, was it Ellis Island, did he go through Ellis Island?AJ: No l don't, but l imagine he had to, wouldn't he?PM: l think that there were several processing places. lthink we have a list of your brothers and sisters, could you go through that list in order from oldest to youngest, who your brothers and sisters are?AJ: Well, there's Marie Villard, she was the one that was born in France. Then there's Rebecca, she is passed away now. She has a son that lives in New Mexico, he works3
 ART JEANSELMEwith the Nuclear, he works at that uh, Los Alamos. He's retired now, he spent his whole life there, that boy, but he's retired now. Then, that was Rebecca. Then there was Pete and Leon, and Marcel or Moss, me, Albert then Marge. Marge and l are the only two living now.And what's your birth date?June the 14th 1910, I was born.Now you're official, you're on tape, and you're official. Okay, did your parents both grow up in the same communityPM: AJ: PM:AJ: PM: AJ: PM: AJ:PM:AJ:PM: AJ: PM:in France, the same village?Y es.Would you spell the name of that village for me?It's spelled, LaMotte. LaMotte.Do you still speak French?Oh, not very, too well. But when we were home as youngsters, we spoke French home all the time.Okay, French was the language in your home when you were growing up?Dad says you can speak English when you're out with your friends, but here you talk French.That's a nice heritage.That's the way it was.Okay, urn, you mentioned that when the French men camethey would stay in your home. Was your home kind of a boarding house for single men?4
 ART JEANSELMEAJ: Well uh, there was no; it wasn't the boarding house asyou'd say, from the financial standpoint. If they had money they paid, if they didn't they still stayed there until they got money, you see.PM: So your mother was very busy with her children and then the guests.AJ: Oh yeah, she was busy, busy.PM: And 1 read in one of the newspaper articles that shepassed away when your youngest sister was eighteen monthsold.AJ: Yeah, Madge.PM: Okay, and 1 think that we have, we have that obituary someplace.AJ: 1 don't have it here, but in this story here 1 think it tells, I don't know what more you want to know.PM: 1 think I've got that. Tell me where your father had his sheep range. Was it in the valley, was it up on themountain?AJ: It covers a lot of territory. Sheep in the summertimenow, when my father first came here in those days, this, all this was public domain. There was no BLM, no forest or anything. So, they, my dad.would run his sheep in the summertime up in A vintaquin, you know where A vintaquin is? He would run that, what they call Fossil Ridge, then that ended up being his permit. Then in the winter, they5
 ART JEANSELMEwent down in the San Rafael desert. And all these different outfits had their spot where they spent the winter. My dad usually was in Happy Canyon. That's a big Canyon down there they put those sheep in if they had snow. They spent the whole winter there. And then, in the spring of the year, they'd start back and they'd come on up past Green River and up by Woodside and on up and up. They usually used to shear the sheep down at Mounds. There was a place called Mounds years ago. Then they'd come on up Soldier Canyon, and go across what we called the Park.PM: Whitmore Park, the Whitmore Park area?AJ: Whitmore Park, he crossed through there. And Dad lambedhis sheep, from, you know where the Bamburger Monument is, from there over to what they call the Horse Creek, that's over Price Canyon where the road used to go up. Dad had all that property. Then later, in that property, there was some Powell's that had some homesteads up there, and Dad bought these homesteads from the Powell's, and then he bought surrounding ground from the state. So he had owned enough property there to lamb his sheep. He'd run about oh two thousand to twenty-five hundred head of ewes. And then in the summer of course, they were with the lambs, they'd have smaller bunches.PM: Was, was this something that you did as a child? Did you 6
 ART JEANSELMEhelp with the sheep?AJ: We all did. We all did.PM: Tell me what some of your responsibilities were.AJ: Well, when we were young for instance, Albert and 1, wewere at camp, we cooked for the herder, we had to get the water for the camp, we'd get the horses every day and make sure they didn't run away. And when they'd move the camp, we'd move that camp. By that, we had to put everything on the pack mules, and move it to a different location for a while you know.PM: So you were living out of tents?AJ: We lived in a tent. Yeah, and I'll tell ya, when you'rein a sheep camp, there's no luxury.PM: No running water unless it's running down a hill.AJ: No, no running water .PM: Now tell me about, what kind of food did you cook. Thisis intriguing, what did you eat on the sheep camps?AJ: Well, when you got sheep, you eat lamb and mutton, and the food usually, these old Frenchmen they liked theirsoup with a lot of meat cooked in it and then the soup, usually, there was cabbage and potatoes, onion, sometimes, uh, green 'beans if they could get them. And then they had lima beans, and pinto beans were common, and then you cooked quite a bit of macaroni. They used tofix a lot of stews. And of course, some people fried more 7
 ART JEANSELMEthan others. But in our, with our dad, he didn't care for that fried food.PM: So, soups and stews were common.AJ: Soups and stews and then, oh, we ate quite a bit of rice,and then dried fruit, dried peaches and apricot and wecooked that you know, that was our dessert more or less. PM: Was, it that similar to the food that was served at home,that your mother prepared? AJ: No, no.PM: What was that like when you were home?AJ: Oh, home? Oh, we had, my mother was the best cook in theworld. I couldn't describe how good those meals were. Roasts and, oh, when she made desserts, pies and stuff like that. And then there was one, it's a French pastry called, Touton. It's made with thin dough rolled out, and they put prunes, cooked prunes, and then put another layer and cut them in squares, and then deep fry it. That was called Touton, that was a specialty. Then of course, we had cakes and stuff like that, she , puddings . Oh, French people could cook.PM: Did she make traditional French dishes as you were growing up?AJ: It was all French.PM: It was all French? Uh, let's see....AJ: Now like, see we, usually fed a few hogs, and when they8
 ART JEANSELMEkilled those hogs, in the fall, late fall and early winter, why they'd cook, make their hams and stuff, so it was all salted down. And then of course, with the fresh, they'd take the casings and make sausage and stuff. They didn't waste anything, pig feet, head cheese, had it all.PM: I recall reading in the newspaper articles that your family has a tradition of service in Carbon County, service, your brothers and 1 think yourself, were involved the county and the community.AJ: Oh yeah, Leon, he built the first Pony League ball field for kids over here. He got permission from the school board, over there behind where the school board offices are now. And Ray Leavitt, had a bulldozer, and he come in and just for the cost of the gas is all he charged, he leveled it. My brother, he bought all the pipe and stuff, and put in the sprinkling system, planted the grass and that was his biggest thing. Moss was on the City Council for 1 don't know how many years, and he really worked at it you know, like the cemetery, he was over that. He'd go up there and make sure that those people were doing the job, and then Moss was involved with the retail grocers and he was president of the .Country Club, and I don't know he was president of Retail Grocers. And me, 1 was president of Kiwanis one year. 1 was president of the Chamber of Commerce one year, and 1 was president of9
 ART JEANSELMELittle League, and that's about it for that part of it.PM: Was baseball something that you did as a child, was that a game you played as a child?AJ: No, no, very little. See, baseball was played more in the summer, and we had to go out and work in the summer when we were kids. We didn ' t participate in that. But when we came down to go to school, we all played football, in fact football came to Carbon High in 1923. And then they didn't do much that year, and in 1924, Stubby Petersen come down and he really put football on the map here. They went to L.D.S. High School for championship. Then basketball, we were all involved. Pete played semipro basketball up in the Copper League up around Magna. And Moss oh he was an all-state football player, so was Pete.PM: What were the activities you did in the winter time as a child when you were home going to school? Did you have time for games or ...AJ: Well, no we didn't, we had chores to do. We came home from school, we had cows to milk and feed, clean the stables, we had sheep at home. We had a couple of pigs, Dad used to get these cull potatoes, and we cooked those over an open fire in a big old tub to feed the pigs. And in the morning before going to school, we had to milk those cows, feed that, we didn't have to cook those potatoes in the morning, but had that feed. And then we10
 ART JEANSELMEhad to from where we lived, clear up to the high school which was up the top of Carbon Avenue.PM: What about, l noticed in that photograph that you showed us, some musical instruments. Did your family play those musical instruments?AJ: Well, boy they were terrible. Pete would blow that clarinet, you never heard such sounds in your life. Leon with that flute was a joke. And Rebecca could play the violin some, but she was pretty good on the piano. That's the music in our family.MT: So did you have musical sessions where you sang and played your instruments?AJ: No, no.MT: These were things the kids did at school.AJ: We used them at home, we'd, when we'd sit around thetable to eat. Every night, we had a meal at night, then the kids did the dishes, my mother didn't have to do the dishes. Dad says she cooked the meal, you do the dishes. So we took turns, who'd wash and wipe, and that was one of our big activities.MT: l just wanted to ask something before we move on here. Did your mom make her own butter and things?AJ: Yes, yes, we made our own butter, we had two jersey milk cows, and the cream from that milk you can't believe. l remember, we had that old churn, wooden, and we made11
 ART JEANSELMEbutter, and made what the French call Tuma, it's, they put a coagulant, they put in the milk and put it in a thing and let the water drain out and stuff (cheese cloth bag?), they, what was left was the Tuma, oh that was good. It was milk that they had put these uh, something to coagulate that milk you know. And we didn't waste anything you know.PM: Did she make any other cheeses? AJ: Nope, no that was it.MT: Baked her own bread ....AJ: Baked our bread.PM: What about soap, did she make your soap?AJ: We used to make soap, we had a lot of mutton tallow, andl remember that soap out on this big table and we'd cut it in squares. Then, when she wanted that for her washing, we'd go out and cut those off, cut it off in little slivers.PM: Okay, now I'd like to talk about your time in school, where did, were all the schools up here, up by the canal? AJ: No, now that school down there on First North and, what is it, about First East, where those buildings, those offices are, that was Central School. That was, l think 1916, there'd been, the school that had been there before burned down. When I was in the first grade, l went toschool in the basement of the old library, the old 12
 ART JEANSELMElibrary was the building that was between the old Mormon church at that time and the old City Hall. And we went down there in the basement. Then, see when l was in the third or fourth grade, about 1918, we went up to that school that was brand new then. And then, there was no junior high's then, my junior high, my seventh and eighth grade l went to the high school. Of course, we didn't change classes like the high school, we were in one room. Then, oh I don't know when, they built that Harding School, where the city fire station and stuff is now, that was the junior high, but that was after my time. Then we went to the high school up there, at that time, that's the only schools there were in Price. And later, oh years later, they built Notre Dame of course. Then junior high's, they had to build other schools.PM: In your home when you were growing up, were there some traditions your parents kept from the Old Country? Were there any holidays that they celebrated that were particular to France or anything?AJ: No, we didn't do that. No, they, I'll say one thing about my folks, they believed in doing what they, they wanted to become Americans. We celebrated the Fourth of July andthose days, . ..PM: So, you adopted the American holidays? AJ : Yes .13
 ART JEANSELMEPM: Okay, what about the religious beliefs in your family, doyour families have ... they're Catholics? And they broughtthat with them from the Old Country?AJ: They brought that from France. In fact my father, when hewent to school in France, he said they had a one room school, and one stove, and the priest was a teacher. But they had a good education. My dad could work math that we in high school couldn't work.PM: Okay, did we cover that pretty well? If we missed something we're going to come back again. Now tell me about your immediate family, who did you marry?MT: Before you do that, 1 was just going to say, could we kind of wind up the sheep herding era.PM: How long your family was involved in sheep herding and then what caused them to give it up?MT: What happened to his parents, that would be interesting. AJ: Well, when us, as we grew up, now Moss, Lynn and Pete, helped my sister Marie's husband move sheep from Utah to Colorado, he bought range north of Craig, Colorado. So,they were, had their sheep out here in Pine Canyon, and that's out by Soldier Canyon here, then that fall after they sold the lambs, they went with him to trail those sheep clear across the country, clear up to Craig. Aubert, he worked with my dad down here on the San Rafael desert, and 1 worked on different places too. But, when14
 ART JEANSELMEthe BLM started to come in putting on these restrictions, my dad by that time was out of the business. He leased his range to two Frenchmen, August Raynier and Pete Busette.MT: What year was that Art?AJ: Let's see, that would be around 1928, in that time periodthrough there. Because in 1928, this brother-in-law went out to Colorado, first year lambing, he had a heart attack and died out on the range, 28. So dad was out of the business then too. Anyway, Lynn and them stayed with, helped my sister get established over there after her husband died, and they moved into an area that had been cattle, no sheep. So they weren't welcome, but by being a little bit, not being pushed around, they convinced those cowmen that they were going to stay there. And they finally got to where they were neighborly, you know, that took care of that. And the, they still have the sheep over there, my sister's boys, still have the outfit, but they've cut back on the sheep and got some cattle now. And then my other brothers started working in the coal mines and then they hit in the idea of the service station. But that bloomed from the, Lynn worked in a service station and did the vulcanizing, so he talked to Albert and says look, I'm making money for them, why can't we do that up here? So, they got busy and built15
 ART JEANSELMEthat service station. Frank Barboglio gave them money out of his pocket for the first gas they bought. The outfit wasn't set up to where they could legally go borrow money, see. They had to buy out some of the others yet. So, he gave them money out of his pocket without anything on paper.MT: Now, you say Frank Barboglio? He was the one who started the Helper Bank right?AJ: The old man Joe Barboglio started the bank, Frank was the oldest boy and he knew us well, you know, he lent them the money without any, no way of getting it back if they decided not to give it to him. But they paid him back in a hurry.PM: What year was it that they tore down the family home to build that service station?AJ: Let's see, that would, had to be in the 30's, because l was in Wyoming. Wait a minute, it might have been, it was in the early 40's maybe.PM: And did your father move into another home? Was your father still ...AJ: No, he...where was he? Oh, he was over in Colorado with my sister. They built that station, got it going, and then l was working in the mine. So l started to pay themso much a month from my earnings, so that when l moved in with them I'd be on equal grounds. And then, when l moved16
 ART JEANSELMEin, we built a bigger store later, but then we were all fine right there, but then we had that drive in, the A&W Drive in, and the station, and then we built the store.PM: Now, tell me the story again about the piano and cement work.AJ: Well, we didn't have any cash, we had this house, and this property, so this Cal Harris was a concrete man here in town, so they made a deal with him, he wanted this piano, so they traded him the piano for most of that concrete work. You know a dollar those days was that big. And, by doing most of the work themselves, they finally got that going.PM: Okay, so from the gas station they built the A&W?AJ: Yes, there was a man that come in, had the A&W Franchise, and he asked them if they would build one close to thatstation, see we owned most of that block. So, they borrowed some more money from the bank, but by this time we had bought out my sister Mrs. Villard, and my other sister, Rebecca's son, and Marge. We had bought them out, so we could form the company. So then we could go borrow money. Then we built the A&W, built that building, and this man with the A&W Franchise moved in, and boy, right off that took off. But that days you could buy a mug of A&W root beer for five cents. The cars would pull in there and they'd have car hops, the girls, serving the17
 ART JEANSELMEcars, you know. And it really took off. Later, then we had some men come in that wanted--there was the Second World War come in then, and the government was wanting storage, food and storage. So these three men, there was, l don't remember their names, but they got us to build that building, where the, that Carbon Locker. And, so those men got that going, and they hired Moss who was working at Kenilworth, as a butcher. So after the war broke out, one of those men, was in the reserve or something, he had to go in the military, so they couldn't come to an agreement on how to sell it, so they asked us if we'd buy it. So, we bought them out. And then we started to run that, and we added lockers, and it was quite the thing. There was no waste of meat then, see, and they used to waste a lot of meat, so they'd cut and wrap and freeze this meat and put it in these lockers, and the people owned the locker, or rented the locker rather. And they'd come and get their own meat. Then, when the home freezers came in, these lockers started to fade, so we decided we'd have to do something, so we built a slaughter house out east of town. Bought some property and built that slaughter house. Then, we sold meat to these people with the home freezers and we processed the meat for them. That replaced the lockers, see.18
 ART JEANSELMEPM: Now, just as an aside, how did they keep the 1ockerscold, was it blocks of ice?AJ: Oh no, they had big compressors. Pump that cold up intothese blowers in theses rooms, those lockers had to maintain at zero, and then the freezer where the meat wasfrozen, would blow fifteen below zero.MT: See, that was in the fifties wasn't it, yeah, that was inthe fifties when you had that locker?AJ: Yeah. It was in fifty-one when we built that store andopened it up.PM: Okay, and then at, when was it you started therestaurant?AJ: Let's see, that was about, the way that came about, theA&W caught on fire, in the kitchen and it burned the whole kitchen out, it was bad enough that we couldn't rebuild it, so we just tore it down. And then built that bigger one. We started out there with the idea of a drive-in, in fact it was built on that drive-in plans, and then, so we opened up and had this little front end, and it did so good that we built a dining room and added on and didn't run a drive-in.PM: Was it a family restaurant?AJ: Yeah, it belonged to the Jeanselme brothers. You see,Lynn run the slaughter house. Moss took care of the store and the meat market, Pete and 1 run the restaurant, two19
 ART JEANSELMEof us there because it stayed open so many hours, see.PM: When did you close the gas station?AJ: Let's see, it'd have to be a few years after we openedthe restaurant because we needed that parking, and so we closed it up. That was a few years after we'd opened that new restaurant.PM: Okay, should we go to the family now? Let's talk about your family. When did you marry?AJ: June the 14th, or no, June the 18th, what year was that? God, let's see, '32.PM: And what was your wife's maiden name? AJ: Lola Burris.PM: Was she French also?AJ: No, no. No, she was from Castle Gate. PM: And tell me how you met her.AJ: Well, let's see, I come into town from the sheep camp one winter and 1 met her through one of my friends, and that, so 1 asked her for a date, that's it.PM: Really simple. Okay, and where did you live after you were first married?AJ: In the first summer after we were married, 1 took her out to the sheep camp.PM: And did she like that?AJ: Oh, she did for a little while then, that wasn't for her.You can't blame her, that's no place for any woman. And 20
 ART JEANSELMEshe came back and lived with her folks for a while, then 1 came home. We moved into the old house, and Marge was a young, still a youngster, and she stayed with us, and 1 started working in the mines. 1 was working at Castle Gate, and we used to drive to work.PM: And how many children did you have? AJ: Two, Merlene and Art Jr ..PM: Art still lives here in the community?AJ: Yeah, Merlene lives in Garland, Texas. She had three boys(shows picture). That's Merleen, her husband and the three boys. This boy's a chemist with the Texaco chemical, and he's with Martin-Marietts and he's in Austin Texas, he's in Denver, he's in Seattle, he's in the construction business. We're all doing all right.PM: Who's running the family business now? There's still a Jeanselme, Inc. isn't there?AJ: Well, that's the Radio Shack. Art kept that Jeanselme, Inc., see, Art bought, when Moss got to where he couldn't go any more, he sold out his interest to Art Jr.. Then, that left just Art and I with the set up. And then later, I turned mine over to Art.PM: And so Radio Shack is the...AJ: Now, Radio Shack is Art's operation, but he kept theJeanselme's, Inc ..PM: Art grew up in the family business, did both of your21
 ART JEANSELMEchildren work in the family business as they were growing up?AJ: No, my daughter worked at that time, it was Price, no, it was First National Bank, wasn't it, down there, Barboglio. She worked in the bank as a receptionist, and Art, from the time he was a little kid, worked in the store. He bagged the first bag of groceries that went out of our store. He was about, well the bag on that counter was higher than Art. That was in 1951.PM: So he grew up in the store?AJ: Yes sir, he learned the hard way. He worked on Sundayscleaning meat cases, produce cases, floors, 1 thought he'd learn to hate it, but he got back in the meat with my brother teaching him, and he ended up a good butcher. Art was a first class butcher.MT: Were your other brothers, did their families work in the business too?AJ: No, Lynn had two boys, they spent some time there, worked in there, and then, Art. But Pete didn't have any children. And, my, well 1 told you about Art.MT: Did Moss have any children?AJ: Moss had no children.MT: So there weren't a lot of grandchildren to carry on,A rt's the main one?AJ: Let's see Art, Art's son never worked in the store, 122
 ART JEANSELME don't think.PM: Steven worked in Smith's for a while. Okay, how long did you work in the coal mines?AJ: Let's see, 1 started in the coal mine in 1933, and 1 quit the coal mines in 1945.PM: And how many, which mines did you work in?AJ: 1 worked, 1 started work at Castle Gate, then 1 went upto Wyoming, got laid off up here, they were working slow, and 1 went up to Wyoming the UP Coal Company, a captive mine, and they were working, they were begging for workers, so went up and got a job up there. Now 1 worked there... When 1 was working for UP, 1 took part in all their first-aid and mine rescue programs, and 1 was on a first-aid team and George Jackson, the superintendent from Kenilworth came up there and they were having a first-aid meet. And he judged one of the problems 1 was working on. So after the meet, he come and asked me if I'd come down to Kenilworth to work and teach first-aid. So, 1 didn't care too much for that climate up in Rock Springs anyway, and 1 jumped at that chance, and 1 came down and 1 was working there, working in the mine part- time as assistant foreman, then teach first-aid classes too. And my boss from Wyoming, Frank Hicks, came down as superintendent of the Horse Canyon operation. It was a defense plant corporation at that time, during the war.23
 ART JEANSELMESo he got me to quit there and go over there as mine foreman at Horse Canyon, and 1 stayed there until I quit.PM: So were you involved with any of the strikes, were there any ...AJ: Oh, yeah, we had wildcat strikes, in fact, I'll have to tell you. When we were working at Castle Gate, it's when, the NRA, remember the National Recovery Act, come in and they were giving these miners the right to organize. Well, at Castle Gate, we were trying to organize a local. Well, we had competition from the National Miner's Union, which was, they called them the Wobbleys. And, the company wouldn't let us meet on company property, so we'd go up along the river, between Castle Gate and old Royal, Rolapp, and hold a meeting. And we were finally, we recognized the United Mine Workers. And then that was where 1 started in the Union. Then, of course, later, when 1 was up in Wyoming 1 was bossing, and 1 still belonged to the union there. But when 1 came down here, then, 1 just dropped out of the union because the work 1 was doing, 1 didn't want to be mixed up when 1 was teaching those first-aid classes, and 1 didn't want to have to have the union butt in and stuff like that, so 1 just forgot it .PM: Okay, did you have any other strike experiences?AJ: Oh, when 1 was at Horse Canyon we had these wildcat24
 ART JEANSELMEstrikes that was, they said that the men'd go to work in the morning, some guy would throw the water out of his bucket, and if it come down, they'd go home-wildcat strike. That's all, oh it was terrible.MT: Wasn't that during the war, Art? They didn't have wildcat strikes during the second world war?AJ: Well, these weren't organized strikes, this was just... MT: Was this after the war, I'm trying to...because Iremember they did that at Royal.AJ: Some of it during the war. Those men, they weren't loyalto their country, they didn't care. It was ridiculous.And, you couldn't talk to them.MT: And they were getting a lot of work at that      AJ: They were working too much, that was what was the matter.Too much work.PM: Okay, what about the miners? Did you have an opportunityof working with miners that had come from othercountries?AJ: Oh yeah. More so up in Rock Springs, lots of Slavs, a lotof Slavs.PM: That were coming in at that time?AJ: No, they were there. Yeah, they were, but a lot of Slavminers. A lot of, oh, Armenians, there were quite a few Armenians up there. Marinoff and, oh 1 forget, quite a few of them. There was quite a few Armenians, but a lot25
 ART JEANSELMEof Slavs up in that area. And a lot of Englishmen that had worked in the mines in England, there were a lot of them up there with UP. But we had quite a few of them here in Carbon County.MT: Welsh, people from Wales, too.PM: l was wondering about how you see the changes in the cityof Price, itself.AJ: Oh, I've seen, you know, l look back. Being born in 1910,when l was six years old and going to school, l remember the winters. Snow. And, there was a man named Nels Brotherson, had a team of horses, and he'd drag a V. Of course, Price wasn't too big at that time, you know. And he'd go, some places we didn't even have sidewalks yet, but he'd drag this V to get these kids to school. l don't know if, I imagine the city paid him. But, then I'll always remember, in high school, we had one hour for lunch, and from where we lived up to the high school was a long ways, but we went home for lunch every day and back. Never missed a ... day.PM: And your mother had lunch ready for you when you got there?AJ: Well, no. See, my mother died      l was only eight years old. She died in 1919, February of '19, when they had that flu, remember?PM: Oh, that was that big flu epidemic. 26
 ART JEANSELMEAJ: Our whole family was sick. All but Dad, when they buriedPM:AJ:MT:AJ:PM:AJ:my mother, they were still afraid of this flu, they didn't have a service at the church or anything. They took her from home.That was a big epidemic, in fact, you can go down to the cemeteries and see the tombstones.1 remember, 1 was sick in bed and her casket was out on the front porch, here.So they just took her up and buried her without a service?Well, they had some kind of service. There was a Catholic priest in this area. They had something, but you know, they didn't have a big funeral.So, who took care of the younger children after your mother passed away?We had some local women, there was a Mrs. Frandsen, Lill Frandsen, and Mrs. Fausett, George Fausett lived over on. . . Those women went around and helped. We weren't Mormons, but that didn't matter. They come and, we only had one doctor here at that time, Dr. Fisk. He was swamped, if it hadn't been for these women, 1 think half of the town would have died. .I know they saved my life. After I'd gotten better, my dad told me, that woman saved your life , you go thank her.So who raised the baby?PM:27
 ART JEANSELMEAJ: Marge? Well, it was a family deal. Now, this Rebecca wasstill home, and she had a lot to do with it, and then Marge spent time with, down at Villards lived in Price yet then. And then, at home, dad had a woman come in and do the washing and stuff like that. And then us boys took turns staying with Marge, you know.PM: And did someone come in and do the cooking too, or did you take turns?AJ: No, we took care of that. We could cook when we were young kids yet.MT: You'd already learned to cook out at the sheep camp, right?AJ: Yeah. You had to learn. We could do all of that. We used to put on a soup, and then come home and it would be cooked. You know the old coal stove?PM: Do we have any holes so far? We've skipped around a little bit.MT: I'm just wondering if he has any good stories to tell us about his time at the sheep camp or...PM: Like coyotes or bobcats?AJ: Well, 1 could tell you. One time my dad had an old horse,it was no good any more so. late in the fall, early winter, they'd take this horse up to the lambing ground up there and killed it and filled the carcass full of poison. So they'd kill the coyotes see. And then the next28
 ART JEANSELMEspring, they went up early and burned all that was left so that our sheep dogs wouldn't get that poison. And then, oh, 1 can't relate all the experiences 1 had, lot of them out there. I'll tell you.PM: Were there any times that were frightening for you, if you were, as young kids out there working the camp and probably being in the camp alone?AJ: Well, you couldn't let that bother you. Sometimes you, in the back of your mind you thought what if something happened, but you had to keep that in the back of your mind, you couldn't let that, because you'd go crazy.MT: How did you travel out there Art, how did you get from Price to the, to where you took your sheep? Did you have automobiles?AJ: Well, riding horseback. We used to ride the horses up, from here up.MT: And you'd take all of your provisions?AJ: Then, no they had, from when we were at Avintaquin, wetook pack mules and horseback, Albert and 1, and go over and down Kyune to Colton, to get supplies. And see, we had to get sheep salt. We had to salt the sheep up there. And, get the food and stuff. for the camp, flour and potatoes, stuff like that. And we, it was a full day 1 tell you, to go to Colton and back. And that store keeper at Colton, old Ap Harmon, that later had the Harmon Motor29
 ART JEANSELMEin Provo. He was the storekeeper in Colton when we were kids. And he'd help us pack those mules. And, 1 remember that they used to have that Wisconsin Brick cheese, you remember that. Well, he had some that was old and kind ofmoldy, and he gave it to us. He was going to throw it away. And we go no you don't throw that away. Took that to camp and boy was my dad and that other Frenchman up there tickled to get that cheese. You know, if it was rotten, that was when it was good.MT: Did your mother ever go to the camp? Up to the sheep camp?AJ: No.MT: She always stayed here in Price?AJ: She, those days women were just, they were lucky, well,they didn't even get out of the house. They'd go out in the garden. We always had a big garden. The sheep were for men only.PM: When you were out on the San Rafael area, where did you go for supplies? Did you come all the way to Price?AJ: No. They hauled those supplies out to the Robber's Roost. Joe Bittlecomb had a home there and the sheepmen had granaries, these metal, round buildings. Well they'd hire trucks or most of them owned their own trucks and those days you went from Green River out, see. Well they'd haul the grain for the horses and mules, and all the food30
 ART JEANSELMEwasn't perishable, stuff like two or three sacks of flour and stuff like that out there, and then when we needed supplies for the camp, we'd come in and usually we had connections or our truck would just be there, and we'd load up and go back. Sometimes it took us two days to get back to the herd.PM: 1 wanted to ask you this question. The sheep on the San Rafael and then going up Soldier Canyon and up through the Park area, did you notice any of the Indian camps or the Indian writings? Do you have memories of those?AJ: Up there in Avintaquin, we had places where the Indians camped, and they used to come up there, oh, in the summer, from down the reservation, you know. They'd come up there, the Utes, from Fort Duchesne way, and they'd come up there and kill a few deer. See, they could do that, the Indians could still do that. They'd come up there in the summer and kill deer, and the thing that amazed me, they'd kill a deer and cover it up with branches and stuff, and they didn't even take the entrails out of that deer. And then the next morning, you'd get up and that deer's gone. But they kill that deer just about sundown and cover it up with branches and stuff, so that the dogs or coyotes wouldn't get it, then the next morning they'd get it and go. That was something 1 saw up there. And then you could tell where they31
 ART JEANSELMEcamped, I found places where they'd made arrowheads, lot of chips. In fact, there were a lot of arrowheads around there that weren't just perfect, but they looked good.MT: So what time of the year would you go down on the desert? AJ: We'd, uh, 1 didn't tell you this. When they put that Avintaquin in the forest, was 1905 or 1906, and Dad had been running up there, see, so they gave him his permit right where he'd been running in the forest . So, we couldgo in on the first of July, usually, then we had to come out by the fifteenth of September, somewhere around there. They used to take the lambs to Colton to ship them to the markets, see. Then they'd, after they'd taken the lambs out, they'd start from, they'd have to get out of the forest, they'd come down in this park, what we called the Park, and graze there for, depending on the weather. Then, as it got cooler, they'd come over, sometimes they'd come down Dead Man Canyon, here, for a change. Well, then I didn't tell you about a lot of times those other sheep men shipping their lambs out of Price. And they had the stock yards down across the tracks, just at the bottom of Third East over here, and when we were kids, these sheep would come.down right past our house down there, see, driving them down. They'd come and pass the cemetery up there, which wasn't very big then, and come across and they'd come right down Third. Right here.32
 ART JEANSELMEThis used to be a baseball diamond out here, where the College is. And the sheep would come down and they'd take them down to the stockyard and load them in the rail cars. l remember every time I knew somebody was going to come, I'd come up as far as the canal and help drive through town. They would usually give us a dollar or something, you know. Right down through town. The lambs, you know, anything that had to go out on the railroad, they had that big stockyard down there just below the track. Well, they were right along the tracks. Because they had these ramps where they'd load the sheep in the rail cars.MT: Before the 1920s, do you have any idea about how many sheep were in Carbon County?AJ: Oh, let's see, l can, l remember. There was Chris Jensen, was a big sheepman, a Danishman. He was a, he came from Denmark first, then later his brother Bill came, then Paul, then Albert, then Pete, and at one time, they all had sheep here. And then, there was l mentioned the Dussere's and the Moynier's, and the, but there was a Basque named Gene Etchberrys, he had sheep, he used torun over in Argyle in the summertime. He finally sold out and went back. Oh, and then there was Joe Resbol, the Aubert's, Nicholas, August Nicholas, Henry Neugier, Henry Neugier, he lived just up the street from where we lived33
 ART JEANSELMEdown there. They all owned a herd of sheep, see.PM: When did the Leautaud's come in?AJ: Let's see, this Jack Leautaud, this little guy righthere, that's Jackie Leautaud, he lived in our house for years. Then, let's see, when these other Leautaud's came, oh God, it was quite a bit later, and let's see, if I remember right, Jack here was instrumental in getting those people over here. Yeah, but l can't tell you what year that would be, but it was a long time ago.PM: But your family was probably here before the Leautaud's came in?AJ: Oh yeah, we were here a long time before the Leautaud's. MT: Art, you didn't ever live in a mining camp did you?AJ: Yeah, I lived in Castle Gate, and l lived in Winton,Wyoming, and lived out to Dragerton.MT: So how did you like living in a mine camp? Was theresomething special about living in the camps?AJ: No, the, you didn't have transportation.MT: You had to live in the mining camp because you didn'thave transportation?AJ: Well, everybody that worked in the mine lived in thecamp. I remember when in Carbon County we had coal camps all over. Spring Canyon you had, what, you started out with, remember Old Peerless, and then you had Storrs, which later they called Spring Canyon. Then you went up34
 ART JEANSELMEa little further and you had Standardville, you had Rains, you had Latuda, you had Rains, you had Mutual. See, that, then up there you had Hiawatha, you had Mohrland.MT: Was it different living in the mining camps than it was when you lived in Price? Was it different for your family living in a...AJ: No, l don't know. We were happy in the mining camps. People were friendly. People in the mining camps, you knew everybody, they were friendly. Then, when you got this transportation and stuff then they started to run busses and stuff, and got away from the coal camps.MT: And then you were able to move to Price? And then you moved, well of course you quit the coal mines in the... AJ: Well, l drove from Price to Horse Canyon for a while, that's before the houses were complete out at Dragerton.l had to drive then. The company furnished a car.MT: Maybe Art has some stories he'd like to share with us. AJ: I'll tell you one thing about Price, it's always been aprogressive little town, and we had, you know, during prohibition, we had our share of bootleggers here. And, oh, did you ever see that, w.hat was it, I forget what they called Price, it was anything but complimentary I'lltell you. In fact they used to, they say that when the tabernacle was down there, a stranger came into Price one35
 ART JEANSELMEtime and asked a local guy where he could buy a drink, and this fellow said any place in town but that white building. Price had a reputation, in fact, 1924 when Carbon went up to play football championship, they run a special train you know, and you should have seen some of the, these Price people up there. It didn't fit. Price is really, the people in Price, and I am sure it is due to the, we had so many different nationalities, and they all blended in. When l played high school football, we had Italians, Greeks, we called them Bohunks, French, any way they got along so good. Now the so-called Mormons, they, we had no trouble, of course, we were about 50/50. They didn't dominate, see, and we got along beautiful. But these teams that we played that were all Mormons, they didn't think too much of us, they called us Degas and everything, you know.MT: l know because l didn't live, I wasn't raised in Carbon County, and know the perception from outside of Carbon County, and then when l came here to live, l thought these people have to be crazy, this is the most wonderful place in Utah.AJ: It is, it's the best place in Utah.MT: But l think you're right, that it was during prohibitionthat a lot of the ... well, and then the strikes, you know, it always made the coal miners look bad.36
 ART JEANSELMEAJ: Yeah, those strikes really hurt us. 1 remember when I wason the Chamber of Commerce, we had a man in to try to see if we could promote something to get the community going, and this fellow come in and says you've got three strikes against you, he said number one is lack of water. Number two is your labor situation, these strikes. He said people won't move in here when you've got labor turmoil, he said they won't do it. That hurt us you see, but we couldn't convince these coal miners of that.MT: Yes, that was a problem, they could never deal with, that's true.[END OF INTERVIEW]37