 MARY LUPOEast Carbon City, UtahAn Interview ByFalsone, Winder, and Procarione (no given names)Carbon County Oral History Project T ape No. CC-44March 21, 1972Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsMarch 21, 1972Tape #1:Coming to America . . . . . . . . . . . 1 New Y ork C ity and T rip to Carbon County 5 Italian Cooking and Breadmaking .SocialActivity ..................14 Health Care and Dress Styles . . . . . . . . . 178
 INTERVIEW I S FOR THE MULTI CULTURAL CLASS OF CARBONTHISHIGH2 1 , PROCARIONE. ]SCHOOL. WE'RE INTERVIEWING MARY LUPO, AND I T ' S[ 1 9 7 2 . THE INTERVIEWERS ARE FALSONE, WINDER, ANDF: Mrs. Lupo, where were you born? ML: In Carle Cotso.F: About where in Italy is that? ML: In the north.F: Northern?ML: Uh huh.F: Who were your parents?ML: I don't know.F: You don't remember their names?ML: No, my mamma was a (geography) name and my daddy wasPelui DeRosa.F: All right, do you remember about when they were born? ML: No.F: When were you born?ML: I can't repeat, remember their names. I got myseventy-nine year. I finish seventy-nine on 2 ofSeptember coming.F: How did you get over here, were you a bride?ML: No, I got a brother 'Over here before. I've still gotone. This one that bring me over here died. F: Did he write for you and send money to you? ML: Uh huh.   What was your reason for coming over here?MARCH
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1ML: Just coming because I was kind of close to guerra(war) at the time.W: What was your brother's name?ML:' Franco DeRosa.W: How did he do over here?ML: Huh?W: What did he do, what did he work at?ML: He worked in Sunnyside, in the oven, in the cokeoven.F: Did he make pretty good money?ML: W ell, not much. A fter they change over here in Helperand he go to the section. F: Uh huh.ML: And he worked in the section (railroad) a long time. Then after working he got sick, he got asthma and he stopped work. Now, I've got another brother over here, Dominic DeRosa, and he worked in the mine before.F: When you came over from Italy how did you come? Do you remember any of the experiences you had on the boat?ML: Well when I was on the ship, the Transatlantic Italiana was the name. There was everything for the war at that time. They got everything to shoot them way in the front. This ship, the price was $100, but2
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1they had no price because at the time when there was the war, they all were gone.F: Were you sick coming over?ML: Yes, I was sick. Yes, I was sick.F: Did the boat make you sick or was it just--?ML: The boat. When it would go it was just like my headwould go around and around, yes.P: It was kind of wishy-washy then, huh?ML: Uh huh.GX: What did they give you to eat when you were comingover?ML: Well, they give you something good, give you wine andeverything.GX: How much did you have to pay to come over?ML: My brother, he sent $1,500 for me and my sister, itwas my sister too. Now that sister is in California. F: So that was to come over and go through theimmigration place too? ML: Uh huh.F: What was that like, do you remember?ML: What was what?F: Like the immigration, like to check into the UnitedStates. Did you have to go through anything likethat? ML: No.3
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1F: You just came right in?ML: I got the passport and I got everything that I'vepaid and everything. Just all the people are rich when I stop for the train when there wasn't a train across. There wasn't a train across, before I got to the ship. They take one little piece of paper, and when I was on the ship it was just the same. They take one little piece of paper. Okay, now when I reach over here in Helper there was just a little bit, I reach here for this paper. I didn't know my brother at the time, my brother, he / come over here contraband, you know what I mean? Just like ---?--- my place at the time they're comin' over here, no money to pay or anything, you see? They call them a contraband, yes.F: Oh, I see.ML: When he come over here he was eighteen years old andhe was married there. There was one lady they call first, and he got her the picture and they said, "The Methodist girl." Me, when I was in school, I was fourth year in school in the orphanage, and I didn't want to stay there no more.. They wanted me to become a sister. I said, "No, I don't want to become a sister . " I go to my own country, and when naturally I find this girl, they coming over here for my brother.4
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1I said, "Well, you work for a while right with mybrother," and I asked, "Send me the money for me and my sister," and they said "okay." Well, one day there came the letter back, the kind that stay one month at a time, more than that I don't know. I think they come here to preach. They come and said, "Good morning." The girl crushsed(?) a ---?--- an American picture, passport, and everything to come here, I don't got no trouble.F: How old where you when you came over, very young? ML: Twenty years old.F: Twenty.W: What port did you come into?ML: Huh?W: When you left Italy what port did you come into tocome to the United States?ML: Naples, Naples, we got to first ---?--- over thereand after that I take the ship. F: Did you reach New York?ML: Oh yes.F: Was it New York when you came? ML: Yes, yes.F: Then did you get on a train? ML: No, no.F: What did you do then?5
 MRS. ML:MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1I reached a person in New York and I reach some placewhere they call it the ---?--- and over there they've got a busy ocean and they got a ship to put everything, the people in, and they put them in a train. By the time I was there in the United States when the ship was finished.Who met you when you came to the United States? DidP:your brother meet you?ML: No, my brother, my brother didn't know me. Just onefriend from my old country that come to us. They said, "You're not like the old country people." I said, "Yes." I said, "You see. Over there the yacht and the---?--- is sea." He said, "Well, your brother a little while up here. They go see another kind of train, you know." I said, "Well, me and my sister around here just to go down by the train." This man they call him my brother. Frank, Frank he ---?--- They said, "Your sister over here." When they come they ask him everything, I've got a sister over here too before. I've got a sister before over here too now in California, just the same.F: When you came, you were in.New York and then you went into that one train place, how did you travel over into the Carbon County area, or how did you choose the Carbon County area?6
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1ML: I got a ticket for myself, everything, they sayeverything plus where I was to go. I never talked tomyself.F: You know when you came over, you never talked theEnglish language? ML: No.F: Just the native language?ML: Yes, and there was an Italian man there who wasn'tthere for us. When I reached New York they make the different money over there, you see. Over there they give you the money for the United States of America, and when I reach over there I got the money, the Italian money, and when I reach over there they give me $750, and he give me $20, and I fight this man, I said, "I'll give you some money if you give me just one little paper over here." He said, "That's the change that they give to this country." The $750 and they give me $20. When I was home with my brother I told him, I said, "My, they all wanted to take and they give me just a $20." I said, "Here, I don't want them." My brother just said, "You keep them, you'll need it for something."F: When you came into Carbon County did you go to the different coal camps, did you live in a coal camp?7
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1 ML: Yes.F: Which coal camp?ML: Sunnyside.F: You lived in Sunnyside? What was it like? What were the people like, I mean were they friendly? Did you have a hard time communicating?ML: They was kind of nice, everyone. And after I lived in Castle Gate and I've got a lot of friends over there. I live in the Hiawatha and I got a lot of friends over there too. Then afterwards I lived in Helper and I've got a lot of friends there too.F: Do you know how, okay, the Italians like make sausage and this and the Greeks do something else, did you used to share these things with each other?ML: No.F: Or did you just keep it in the family?ML: Everybody just make them for the family. Oh, I makelots of salami, but that was the for the family. You can share them with the people because you've paid, and the people if they want it they pay themselves, that's what they figure.W: Did you make wine?ML: I make wine.F: How did you make it? ML: You know the dry roots?8
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1F: Uh huh.ML: I put them in water and I put in brown sugar. Whenthey boil then they boil about four or five days. Afterwards they become the stuff. Then you take the roots out, and I've got one thing that puts them in a big lump like this, and this is a bad ---?--- and table, and you squeeze it out like that. The one place where they take the wine and another place they come for the roots.F: Huh.ML: And I sell them cheap too.F: Did you used to make it a lot or just whenever youran out?ML: No, I make a lot and I sell them. I sell the boozetoo, my booze they buy. F: Boy!ML: After I make the beer, it's to the saloon. And they live in Helper before. They call me Pascuchi [In Italian] in California a long time ago. And that twenty-four bottle of beer for two dollars. (Break) Before, now they come in high, high.P: You could get six for two dollars.F: Well, how about like your foods, your traditions?When you came over from the old country to Carbon County did you used to carry out like all your9
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1traditions? Like your celebrations and the same foods for like maybe--?ML: No, they give you the food over there, they cook over there in the ship. Let me tell you some more, salami, some cheese, I'll tell you a lot of things for each in my suitcase, and they come and afterwards they want to see the suitcase that you've got. I said, "I don't got anything, just to pay five dollars," and I send it here. Then I opened my suitcase because I got a lot of salami, supersal, you know the big one.F: Uh huh.ML: And I sat down and you should have seen me, I'm goingto pay lots over there, see. I give you five dollars, if I leave at the time in the ship, if I leave it yet you know, before you go down. Yes, I make a lot of salami over here in Helper.F: Before you came to the nursing home did you used to make it or not?ML: Well, no, not for a couple of years. Then there was a kind a couple of years, one year and a half. I don't do anything no more because my kids all were married and I wasn't near my husband. I never make bread no more. Before I make the bread every week, I put it on the fire in the oven outside.F: What did the ovens used to look like? 10
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1ML: Well, you know that baker's shop?F: Uh huh.ML: Well, just like.F: Those big wide ones, those big ---?---?ML: Uh huh.F: Were they made out of rocks?ML: No, they were brick all around, and this man, and ina barn there was a brick, but it wasn't a kind of--I don't know what you would call them, a big brick, white.F: Cinder block?ML: Uh huh, because you see, you put a brick, the way youput them in the round, it darkens the brick. Like this, you--when you make the oven you make a lot of wood in. Inside over here they've got a hole where the smoke goes out. The ovens they are nice and white on the top all around and they are good for the bread. Well, I take all the ashes out, with a big stick, and I got a little piece like this one, I got a hollow here, and I pull all of the ashes out. I've got another stick if I want to toke all around, there is a lot of holes and I put a wire if don't come down to wash it out and it comes clean. So that bread comes nice and clean, and afterwards they are clean. You are working on the big stick, and you put them in11
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1the hole and that makes them nice and hot, you put flour a little bit, and you will see if that is too much or just right. A lot of times they come too much and it burns the flour right away, so you've got too much. Still pour flour in and it comes out good, and afterwards you put in the bread. I've got one big stick, long stick way over here to the bread over there, and he got one nice lump and I put the bread on the top. When I put the bread in that tub I cut it this way, this way and this way, and that's kind of nice little bread. I put that in the oven, and when I finish I wet another sack and I put them in a door. The work over here and ---?--- over here for the--- ?--- right away, and they cook up very nice.The police in Helper, Mr. Myers I tell you it was he, come one day and he said to me, "Mrs. Lupo, you've got a fire." I said, "No, there ain't no fire in the oven to make the bread." He said, "Are you making the bread over there?" I said, "Yes . " He said,"Please, you give one bread today when you take them out?" I said, "Well, you come in about an hour to an hour and a half and I'll g-ive you one." He wanted to see where they come. My bread, last time I make them and I make them alone, ten over here, ten over here kind of have it in the middle you know, and that's--12
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1I've got a big stick, a nice one, and I make it go this way. I make enough space up to the floor. This is space that goes in the barn, and the hollow one they come in the top. When you put them in this lumber, you put them in the oven, they come into little pieces over here. They come just like French bread. I make it all the time, a couple or three, and they come--the police, and he says, "I come and so give me the bread." I said, "Yes, I'm just taking them out." He said, "Come up here and give it to me." When I see him he said, "You cook this bread over here?" I said, "Yes." You see, I got all the bread over here, and we're not to come out by putting them on top of the brick alone. I called my daughters--one at the one place and another one--I bring them in the house.F: About how many loaves did it make? ML: Eighteen.F: Gee!ML: Eighteen all at once.F: Was it an all day chore, it was, wasn't it?ML: Yes, it took me all day, .yes darling. It's for the people that don't got much work you know, they might work one day or two, and I work like a mule for thehouse, the macaroni house, the house of macaroni, 13
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1milk and everything else, so I make a lot of things.(Chuckle)W: Yes, those are good.F: Oh, coming over on the ship, did you used to have alot of the pasta?ML: No, not too much. Kind of have a sandwich. The thirdtime a little bit ---?--- no good, and the one that they give it too, one day I go across this bottle of wine and I give you the little bottle I got and I just have one taste of them because I never drink of that black wine, I drink the most cafe now in the old country. Then I see the wine and I said, "Well, you give me a little bottle anyway." He opened it. When he opened it I said, "The mouses are coming out with a big tail. Ah!" I said, "I don't want no more."[Laughter] Yes.W: What kind of games did you play when you were little? ML: Well, when I was in school it was 575 girls in ourorphanage . They played the bingo. P: What's that?ML: The bingo, like you--P: Oh yes, bingo.ML: Over there they don't got the paper like over here,you push a little thing and then cover it up. Over there they cover it up with the beans or with the14
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1corn. You know, the little nuts? That's what they paid us, no money over there, just the regular nuts.P: Oh.ML: Well, there was a lot of little nuts and they eatthem. [Chuckle] They got a piano over there and they start a kind of a dance, but it's not good. [Chuckle]A big girl who had ---?--- anyway.P: What kind of dances did you do?ML: The waltzes and the tarantella.F: Did you have any polkas?ML: Over here I danced the polka a couple of times.F: Not over there?ML: No. No polka over there.F: Missing them.ML: Well, I see when my daughter, when my daughter gotmarried they got a nice wedding, and they are counting a lot of people from Palisade, Colorado. She met one of the boys over there. At night there was my boy and my daughter-in-law that run the place and they did a lot of things that I've never seen here. Afterwards there was one man that they got to the card game and the ---?--- . I see where they dancing and I said, "That thing's not going to make them." And I danced a few times with this man that comes from Palisade, Colorado, my husband. Now, when this15
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1man finished the dance he says, "I don't know, you're not a Pole." I don't know, I just do the way you do. He said, "You do very good. Kiss me out here." I---?--- and he said, "I demand to kiss you." I said, "No, just put your head over here." (Laughter) And wemake a lot of ---?--- come the police.F: How did you meet your husband?ML: In Sunnyside, there was a lot of men. I was funny atthat time. I say all the time that I want a nice man,pretty man, cute, and handsome. W: She got it.ML: Yes, I got it. (Chuckle) After I married over there all of Sunnyside say, "You've got the best men in Sunnyside." And he was a good man too.F: What was his first name?ML: Huh?F: Your husband's first name?ML: John Lupo, Santo Lupo, Louie Lupo.F: Oh, they're my cousins!ML: Do you know Freddie Lupo?F: Yes.ML: My grandson.F: Oh! [to other girl] Y ou're cousins?W: We're cousins, both of us have the same grandma.ML: Yes? You know Santo Lupo, they work over here and in16
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1some places this business of cement. You know.F: Yes.ML: That's my Lupo. ---?--- coming over here anotherthree weeks all in a row. ---?--- get.W: What did your husband do over here, where did hework?ML: He work in the mine before, but now no more. Now hegot the money for nothing. He got the ---?--- pension and Black Lung now they've got the money they don't want him. Before the work at the time of the wage before then it wasn't so high. They go in the mine and get three or four dollars. I have to work to make a dinky wage.F: Yes.ML: And he worked for a long time, forty-five years inthe mines. F: Huh!ML: When I was in St. Mark's Hospital for this operation on my leg six months ago I don't pay nothing myself. I just signed a paper, denying I work paper. I got them over here to pay. You see, my daughter-in-law bring it to me because I was going to Salt Lake and I needed a medical card my work. When I go there I sign a lot of paper and I go in, I don't know anything about it. When I come out I sign another paper, and17
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1that's all. I don't know, see there was a---?--- but I don't know, I'll just say it was at five thousand, because I stayed two months you know and a delicate operation ---?---F: So the United Mine Workers pays for it?ML: Yes, when I was home I go to the doctor and he gave me a shot, they give me anything and I don't paynothing.F: Did your mine camp have a doctor, did each mine camphave a doctor?ML: Yes. Now they died, the doctor of Castle Gate died.The doctor at Sunnyside was a Dr. Dowd. Afterwards they started to close everything you know, the place over here in Price, and I've been to ---?--- when he was in Price when my mother died.F: Who was it?ML: Dr. Dowd. He was a good doctor. I got a secondoperation and I don't know how much that cost.F: Did you make all of your clothes for your kids andyourself?ML: Well, sometimes when they were little. When they wasbig I said I'm not good .anymore. Then they got a little ---?--- again, a nice little shirt you know, and I got the fever and I'm make a nice little pants Afterwards they fall down and when there was a ---?--18
 MRS. MARY LUPO (DE ROSA) # 1- turned around the thing. I said, "It belonged to the pants." (Chuckle)F: Did the girls most of the times wear dresses?ML: Well, I make a lot of this for the girls.F: In the old country was it kind of tradition that thewomen wore dresses and nylons all the time?ML: All the time, and we looked like this.F: How about your aprons?ML: Well, the apron was more bigger.F: Yes, weren't they up here too?ML: No, not up here.F: Floor length?ML: Yes, it was over here.W: That's her companion is her apron.ML: Yeah, well I can't stand no apron. ---?--- before Iwas here you see, and I put everything in a pocket, and from this pocket to this one. I have it for awhile over here, yes.F: That should be finished.[END OF INTERVIEW]19
  CC-44 Carbon County Oral History Project LUPO, MARYMarch 21, 1972 - East Carbon City, Utah Recorded by Falsone, Winder and ProcarioneSubjects: Coming to America, New York City and Trip to Carbon County, Italian Cooking and Breadmaking, Social Activity, Health Care and Dress Styles.