 KENNETH SHUMWAY Blanding, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-141July 29, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 29. 1970Tape #1:His Father, TrapperEarly Mining Before the BoomMining Accidents ...... .Staking Claims and Mining the Payday.Other Family MinesAssessment Work .................... 15 AECPolicies..................... 18 The Family Business .................. 22 Drop in Uranium Prices. 25 Misleading Ore ..... 27 White Canyon Colony and Owner of VCA. 291 ¥ 3 . 5 ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 9 . . . . 13
 IS AN I NTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY D. SHUMWAY I N BLANDING, UTAHI S P ART OF THE UTAH URANIUMSS: Well, Mr. Shumway, why don't you begi n by t elling us something about your early life and your family background.KS: Well, I think you've met most of the family. I was born about 1931 right here in Blanding, and as you probably know my father started prospecting about that time or shortly after that. He was a government trapper, and that took him in the hills a lot. I guess this is the reason he prospected and the reason he went on to some stuff that looked interesting and turned out to be just vanadium out there in Cottonwood. I think I started mining about 1949 on a full-time basis and [part-time] during the summers before that for five or six years. Two years prior to going into the service. Then after four years in the Navy I came back to Blanding and mined from 1955 until the present time.SS: You were away in the Navy in the first part of the boom weren't you?KS: Yes. The boom--what we call the boom began when Charlie Steen found the new lot out here in Lisbon Valley. There were minor booms before that but theyTHE FOLLOWING WITH KENNETHSUZANNE SIMON ON JULY 28, ORAL HISTORY1 9 7 0 . [ T H I S PROJECT. TAPE #1.]were on a small scale. When he found that it really
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY #1companies and the promoters. Money real1y started pouring in, you know, and that caused a lot of exploration too.I see. You said something earlier that I hadn't heard before, and I'd like you to elaborate a little bit onSS:KS:it. That's that your father was a government trapper. Can you tell me something about that?Well, he was a government trapper. I don't know the exact years that he began government trapping, but he always loved to catch the coyotes and bobcats and things 1ike that, you know, and that's how he made his living in the early years before he made any money mining. He still traps on a part-time basis for the fun of it.ss: KS:Is that right?He does it every year. He's seventy-eight years old but he still traps for the fun of it.Was there a bounty on these animals?SS:KS: Well, there was a bounty on it, but the governmenttrappers didn't get the bounty. They were paid a salary, a regular salary, and he was employed by the government as a trapper in this area (if I understand it and read the story right) for around nineteen years. He was near a pension when he quit. He never did get the pension, but I don't know what more I2
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1could say about that trapping business.SS: What animals did he trap?KS: Mostly coyotes and bobcats and badgers and fox; andin the early days some wolves and some bear I guess out here. But those were kind of extinct when I came around.SS: Yeah. Well, that's interesting.KS: But I'm sure this is the reason that whoever foundany uranium or whatever got interested in prospecting, because he was in the hills all the time. He would go for weeks at a time on horseback or later by car, by pickup. And this is what got him in the hills, and at least all I ever heard as to why he ever did pick up any samples of things and, you know, have them assayed, or why he ever did find anything like that. It's my understanding that Cottonwood is the first thing they ever found, ever staked, and consequently they discovered that area out in Cottonwood or got other people interested in it. They weren't too smart in it. They found some places they felt 1ike you couldn't stake; couldn't back up a claim. It had to have an outcrop or you couldn't stake it. As a result they'd stake one claim and wherever they prospected, whenever they found anything they staked one claim. In later years they3
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1found out the hard way that people could come and back it up and maybe find a big ore body where they had found a little outcrop. So as a result they didn't make near the money in the business as they could have done had they known this.SS: During your high school years during the summer time you did some mining.KS: Yeah. We'd go out to where older brothers worked, up until the time they went in the service. About 1940 as little boys we'd go out there and maybe work on a Saturday for a dollar. When they came home from the service (which was around 1945) they started mining again, all of my brothers and Gary's older brothers and Devarr and most of the men that age in Blanding, or I should say a lot of them were in the mining business. And we were, I guess--I was probably in the seventh or eighth or ninth grade, somewhere around there. We'd go out in the summers and they'd hire us. I don't even remember what the wages were. I think the first full-time job I had with them was nine dollars a day. I was married then and the first full summer job I had before then was probably six dollarsa day or something like that, and that was right outhere in Cottonwood.SS: And where were they selling ore in those days?4
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1KS: Well, I believe it was all going to VanadiumCorporation of America at Durango and Naturita.SS: And what was it selling for? Do you recall?KS: Well, vanadium had been 31 cents a pound as long as Ican remember up until a couple of months ago when it did take a raise, a couple of months ago, but as far back as I can remember vanadium's been 31 cents a pound. Uranium--I don't really know what they paid for uranium at the very first when they first started buying it after the war, but sometime after that theycame out with Circular Five prices, and that's kind of been a standard, which is four dollars a pound for twenty hundredths and based on that.ss: Uh huh. Did you 1ike mining? Did you try any other kinds of work?KS: No. I threatened to quit several times and am about to quit again, but I never did find anything else that I enjoyed other than--you know, I didn't want to work for someone else.SS: Had you had any bad luck or any kind of accidents--? KS: Yeah. I had one here in 1965. I had a two inch thread lid that goes on a pearl gun. Now, a pearl gun is a thing, a pot sort of thing made out of metal that you fill full of this ---?---fertilizer type stuff thattakes the place of dynamite. You fill it full about 5
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1fifty pounds and then you put it in under air pressure. I had the two inch pipe that holds it in.[It wasJ either cross threaded or the threads were worn out or something. It blew off and cut up my chin and give me a bunch of scars and about twenty-eight stitches if I remember right and knocked all my front teeth out right through it. I had to live on milk and not got them close to groceries for a week or so, but that was the only thing. It could have been lots worse. I had one occasion just before I went into the service in 1951. My brother and I were lighting two different rounds that had been drilled. One had about eighteen holes, and I forget how many the other one had, but one fellow had gone home early and one wanted me to light his hole for him. We had a lot of holes of our own to light, and as a result with holes you had to walk past his holes to get by and I was lighting his and Buddy was lighting ours. I finished his and we had trouble with ours, and as a result ourfuses apparently were shorter than his because ours started going off before we got all of them all lit and I had to crawl past his after ours were going off and I knew I'd lit all of his first. But it's just a lucky thing. He made his timers a lot longer than we did and my brother that lives next door, he and I got6
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY #1out of there as fast as we could. I didn't know where he was. I said, "Are you hurt?" And he said--! heard him moaning. He had been hit by a rock right in the back and he said, "Oh got hit by--back." And I said,"Are you going to make it?" About that t ime he said, "Yeah," and he was already almost out and here I was standing there looking for him. But that was a real close call. We were real lucky then. I crawled on my hands and knees right past the round that I had lit first.SS: Boy, that was a long way out that time, wasn't it?KS: Yeah. And this welt on his back was about six inches across and it was kind of red and purple on theoutside and it got blacker and blacker as it---?---He was quite laid up for a while.SS: But it hit him an angling blow--?KS: Well, I think it was just a good hard hit rightsquare on with a good rock, but we were lucky because this guy made his timers as long as he did. He made them a lot longer than we did apparently, and we weren't making much money at the time anyway. We got home that night and a woman from the draft board called me and said my letter was there, so I just joined the Navy the next day.SS: Oh well, you might not have been too unhappy then.7
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1KS: I was kind of glad to go, but it didn't scare me toomuch and it never has because, you know, you don't have time to get scared. I think it probably should all be blamed on carelessness, because you know you've got so much time, and if you've got enough sense to leave when you should you're all right. But miners are just like--he hates to go and leave a few that are not lit, and you always run into a time when you have trouble with one. In those days we used the old carbide light and lit the fuse directly with it and had to split the end of it to get a good light. But now we use the lead splitter and the electric lights, so we shouldn't run into that problem.KS: Is this pearl that you use now safer than dynamite? I understand it's not as troublesome to work with and headaches and so on.KS: That's right. The fume isn't as bad from it and I believe you can load your round every bit as fast-- maybe even faster. It's just much better. It's a real improvement. Somewhere near half the price, I would say, and you use one stick of dynamite to set it off and then you blow the---?--- behind it and it seems to do the job even better. The smoke afterward is not as bad.SS: Who in the world ever thought of trying it the first 8
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1 time?KS: Well, I sure don't know. It's been used for years before we used it. I don't know if it was used in mining or if it was used on construction jobs. But it certainly was a good idea.SS:KS:SS: KS:SS: KS:Uh huh. Well, in 1965 when you got out of the Navy you came back here to Blanding. Had your family stayed in Blanding?Well, I had no family then other than the wife, and we came back to Blanding in 1955 and began to build this house and go back to mining.Let me see.We worked on Elk Ridge when I first came home. That's when Elk Ridge was being opened up pretty good.Uh huh. And what are the claim names up there?Wel1, when I came home just before Christmas, my brothers had Payday Mine, which was a good mine-- which I had no interest in, but they made me---?--- a deal there to go to work with them, which I did. We worked there clear through the winter till spring, and you've probably heard of the Payday Mines from somebody else.Yeah, I did.It was a real good mine. It wasn't a big ore body andSS: KS:9
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1it didn't go too far. It was a narrow one and it was mined out quite fast, but it was real rich while it lasted.ss: I might ask you, did you do any prospecting either before you went in the Navy or later?KS: Yes. I wouldn't really call what I'd done prospecting, because by the time I was old enough to do anything like that most of the outcrops had been staked. I did a lot of staking, but most of it was backup and goat pasture for a penny uranium corporation and stuff. That wasn't what I would call prospecting. I had followed the contact and worked the slopes and actually staked outcrops, but not very much. It was just a matter of staking the claims and measuring them out and stepping them off and recording them.SS: You say you staked some for some of the penny uranium companies, one company? If so, what was that one?KS: Oh, let's see. I staked some for a 1ittle company called Jolly Hack Uranium once. I don't know for sure if I staked any for Shumway Uranium. I must have done[someJ, and let's see, who else did I stake for? Right about that time you'd go, anything that wasn't already staked you'd go stake it and some promoter would want to buy it from you. I can't recall the10
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1names of some of those little companies that did buy some of them.What could you say late in the boom after you were out of the Navy and you had your promises ---?--- pieces of goat pasture, what was it worth?SS:KS:I believe if you were to set any standard rule on what a goat pasture claim was worth, it would probably be somewhere around a hundred dollars a claim. I believe the children on several occasions-- twenty claims, they didn't care where or what was in them. They just wanted them recorded in their name orin our name and quickly claimed around a hundred dollars a claim.And you could stake about how many a day?Well, we could stake at least a hundred in a good day.Is that right?But I don't think I ever did stake that many and sell them.Yeah, right.But at this time too there wasn't too many places left open. I have to admit I missed the good part ofthe uranium boom. Quite a bit of it I missed out on while I was in the service.Now, you mined the Payday when you first got back.SS: KS:ss: KS:ss: KS:ss:11
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY #1Did that claim belong to the Shumways?KS: Yes. To the Shumway Brothers.SS: KS: SS:KS:SS: KS:--Company or--?Shumway Brothers.Shumway Brothers. This is from the Shumway Corporation.Yes, it's different--a company called--! know you have this in some of your other interviews too-- Geophysical--A company that's--?Done the exploration work in that area for 25 percent of royalty on all of the Elk Ridge group of claims that Shumway Brothers owned at that time. This is the Neck and the Call and the Payday; quite a group of claims up there. They gave away 25 percent to this Texas group if they would go in with bulldozers and do some stripping and do some drilling and in general keep the exploration [going].COG Minerals.No , i t wa s n ' t COG M i n e r a l s . I t w a s W e s t e r n Geophysical. It sounds like it. Anyway, it slipped mymind, but they give away a good chunk of the royalty there just to have this exploration work done, because in those days a bulldozer was an expensive item, and a few hundred dollars assessment work was aSS: KS :12
 KENNE TH D. SHUMWAY # 1bi g item. As a result it cost them a lot of r oyali ties in Payday Mine, in the Look Mine. They were both real good mines, and I'd say somewhere in the neighborhood of one hundred fifty to two hundred thousand dollars in royalty to th i s outfit for whatlittle they'd done, which was almost nothing.SS: What about access to that group? Was there a road in? KS: Yes. There has always as far as I can remember beenan old road up over Elk Ridge up over the notch to North Elk, and for the most part the ore we've even hauled out of that country has been on that same old road. There's been very little improvement other than maybe twenty miles from Blanding.SS: After you mined out the Payday and the Look, where did you go?KS: We didn't mine out the Look at that time. We mined out the Payday, and then it was probably back to Cottonwood. Cottonwood's always been the place you go back to. The Shinarump ore--let's see, Shinarump between Elk Ridge and White Canyon and those. They've always been the better mines, but Cottonwood's wherewe always go back to in the wintertime or when the market for this other ore isn't any good. This is the case right now.SS: Well, do you still have ore prospects or ore blocked 13
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1 out in the--?KS: Yes. Well, in the Look there is a little bit of ore. There's an ore hole too that's quite tempting and it's in need of some drilling. This group ---?--- supposed to go develop it now. It's their turn, and the same with a lot of properties we have on Elk Ridge. They're still at developmwent work there. It's got some good ore bodies. Nobody's in too much of a hurry right now because the market isn't worth much 1ike it is. Then we have what we call the Ransom group in Upper Cottonwood. It's just Shinarump, where the Shinarump bottoms out down in Cottonwood. This is Upper Cottonwood.SS: Oh, I see. I didn't know the Shimarump was over in Upper Cottonwood at all.KS: Yes. In Upper Cottonwood it bottoms out there, what you might call almost in place. Elk Ridge, it's been thrown up, but in Cottonwood it's almost in place down there. That's Shinarump, and we do have . some good ore there. We have a group of about one hundred sixty claims in there.SS: Oh, that's the Ransom gruop? Then down here in Lower Cottonwood [is] this Madsen, and it's carnotite type.KS: Right.SS: Well now, the ore you're shipping out of Lower14
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1Cottonwood now, you are mining it primarily for vanadium, is that right?KS: Why yes. Without the vnadium there it wouldn't be worth anything. The uranium is low grade and there's been a little bit of price increase in vanadium recently. Hopefully vanadium will be worth a lot moreSS:KS:in the near future, but we don't know.And of course there seems to be a lot of optimism around that the price of uranium will take another-- Well, we feel that it will. We don't think it's in the immediate future. It could be anywhere from oneto five years I guess, but it seems like the big people are gambling on it with exploration and trying to build up reserves--the major oil companies and some of the big uranium companies. Everything we can read and every report we see seems to me to read that we'll have a go at it again. But we don't know.Well, in order to hold claims at this time, is it necessary that you go out and do assessment work every year?Yes.Just like it's always been.Yes. And this is not quite fair. I mean, when you have no market for a mineral you shouldn't have toperform that labor really. If a farmer has no market 15SS:KS: SS: KS:
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1for his wheat they pay him to put it in the wheat bank or the soil bank and he gets money for sitting on it. But the miner has to go perform on each claim, and we have twelve or thirteen or fourteen hundred claims that we have to perform on and it usually takes seven of us the full month of August with all our equipment out performing this labor. Yet we have no market. We've done this year in and year out to hold the property.SS: And you don't know how long--?KS: And we don't know how long this will last, so I feellike that there should be some legislation passed where a miner can file a long term report or something that would give him the right to hold a certain group of claims for a certain number of years pending a market. This is something that should be done. This is something that, I guess, if we'd get on our senators and demand it, it might happen, I don't know. But here again the Forest Service and the BLM and all these other government agencies would like to see you drop them all and not even have multiple use on the land. But a miner does have a lot invested in claims that he feels are worth holding, you know. Of course goat pasture, what we refer to as goat pasture actually will all be dropped during these lean years.16
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1They'11 drop all of them and then someone will go back and stake them when there's some more excitement. Then they'll be a law case, and who will get it I don't know, but there are properties herethat have had half a dozen owners, you know, over the years. If one's dropped it another goes back and claims it.SS: There really haven't been any major changes in the mining laws.KS: I really don't know of any.SS: As far as claim holdings goes.KS: I don't know of any as far as your obligations tohold a claim or the size of the claims you can stake or any laws passed as far as assessment work. If there has been anything passed it has been from pressure groups like Forest Service and BLM to try to make you have something to hold a claim. Now, I don't know just how it works, but I know there have been times in the past where they have advertised, tried to advertise a miner out of claims somewhere and madehim do certain things to hold it. Now, I don't know.I'm talking out of my--SS: Well, you lost me here. I don't quite understand whatyou mean.KS: Well, old claims that miners are not doing their17
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY #1assessment work on, I'm talking---?---. I don't know what the law is, but I know they advertise, they've advertised these claims and kind of advertised a miner out of them.SS: Oh, I see.KS: Not any property that was valuable, but propertythat's never been worked. I don't know by what rightthey do it or really what the law is on it.SS: In your own experience in the uranium industry what have you thought of the AEC policies and otherfederal policies toward the industry?KS: I think the AEC is just like all other governmentagencies and just like the welfare program is for the Indians. It's good and it's there to protect the small man, but before it does that all the big people fill their pockets on the way down. Now the AEC came in with a drilling program, and when they decided to get in the uranium industry and be the control of it, you know, they did a lot of drilling and they withdrew a lot of areas. I feel that they've been unfair in their allocation program from one end to the other. Now, they came up with this allocation program where you've got to get an allocation number and you can ship so many pounds over a certain year, and I've known miners that have had two tunnels side18
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1by side on different claims with two allocations and can ship twice the number of pounds from these two tunnels. I've known other cases where they've taken a group of miners--in our case for one--and made us group fifty or a hundred claims under one allocationand ship twenty thousand pounds per year. We've gone over there and argued and argued with them, and they refer you to a certain letter that a certain man in Washington wrote or that Elder Youngberg wrote or something like that giving them the authority to do it. Anytime you go over and argue with them they'll show you some authority by which they're doing what they're going. But it all boils down to graft and who's got the best senator and what senator puts the bite on them or who's an old buddy of some away seaman. If there's anything published out of this I'dlike it to be that, because we feel that the AEC treated us rotten as far as being equitable with other miners that we can show them. We've gone over there in their office and sat with them and showed them miners that have a hunting license. They can take their allocation and move where they want because that allocation came under a certain directive from Washington, whereas another allocation stays right here and--you know, just so much19
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1unfairnesses with that program that we got lost intrying to figure it out. I know a lot of small miners did.SS: You don't feel that you had any effective recourse against this type of thing?KS: That's the whole thing right there. There's no effective recourse against the AEC unless you get a senator and he breathes down their neck and scares them and they let you do something. I know cases like that that have happened, and I know guys who have had a hunting license. We stayed in their office and they told us time after time, when a certain date is up that fellow will not ship ore, so that fellow goes to a senator when that date's up. He gets a senator on them, and sure enough he's removed and he's shipping ore again. I just think that they need to be shaken out of trees more than any other (thing]. On the other hand, I'm sure there .have been things that theAEC has done that's protected the small miner. Otherwise the big ones would have monopolized on it and they would have got their own ore and they would have starved us out. Possibly that's what's happening now with Union Carbide being the only one buying uranium ore. Probably if the AEC would say, "Okay, you have to buy from everybody at a fair price and20
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1you've got to pay haulage and stuff," we'd be in business still. So I'm sure that in some ways the AEC has accomplished the things they set out to do. My way of understanding it has been to protect the small miner to equalize things, but there's been a certainclique in Grand Junciton that have gotten the goodiesout of everything.SS: In other words it would be like they've playedfavorites with--?KS: I know a lot of men that were in Grand Junction (whenthe AEC first got in the picture) that were in companies that got the good ore bodies. They knew where the AEC had drilled, and the AEC through friends and associates they did come up with the good ore bodies. Of course we were over here. We can't really complain [about] what they did over there, but it would be nice to have been in on some of these things.SS: What about, had you gotten any good--you or your brothers manage to cash in on any of the AEC bonuses that they offered? Possibly you weren't here when that bonus program was on.KS: That's right. Like I say, I missed out on the cream of the uranium boom. I'd been in the service for those four years, but the Payday Mine had a bonus on21
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1it and the Look mine never did find the bonus on that. What I mean is the Look was just mined out in recent years, although it was always there and people were always looking for it back then. We just found it a few years ago, but--SS: Is that why it's called the Look?KS: I guess everybody's looking for it. I don't know themby name or can think of very many. I believe the V-8 claims in Cottonwood had the bonus taken out of them, and I guess most of the Cottonwood claims may have had the bonus taken out.SS: They were not outstanding bodies, but enough to qualify for that bonus?KS: Yeah. Enough to get the bonus. Uh huh, right. With the bonus and with the price of uranium back in those days--why, they were getting what? Twice as much for our ore as we are today on account of the bonus.SS: Now, how had your own operation managed to survive the rising costs of production where so many haven't? KS: Well, I think in our case, of course, we've been afamily operation and [there have] been six or seven of us with our brother-in-laws involved. We feel like we can survive on a small mine because we don't employ--have hardly ever employed very many. I doubt we've ever had, oh, at the most in all our operations22
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1I doubt we've ever had more than six employed at one time full-time and two or three off and on, you know, because there are a lot of us. We've all been miners and haven't needed to employ a lot. That's been onereason I guess that we stayed in. I think another reason is even though the price of uranium is probably half today what has been at one time or another, I think that today we can mine a ton cheaper per ton then we could then.SS: Oh, is that right?KS: Because [we're] using a little better equipment,using loaders and shuttle cars, and you can transport it using rail. I still think we can mine per ton cheaper than we ever did.SS: Even though you've had to invest in all of the heavier equipment and things?KS: Yeah. I think so. You take a little handmucking operation on a car and track or a little one ton buggy and hire two men and they mine ten or fifteen tons a day, and have to pay them and pay theirwithholding and insure them and everything--that' s really quite an expense for the men themselves that you have to hire. Whereas today you can go out with the front-end loader, and if you have any vein at all, two or three of you mine out a hundred tons of--23
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1 more employees.SS: Well, now you and your brothers, do you own your own hauling equipment and do you do your own hauling?KS: We've been at that end of it at times and found it not to be a very wise thing as far as freight to the mill goes. It's a complete other business. I think you could save a little bit if you moved your own ore and had your own trucks, but it's another business, and if you're going to be worrying about one you can't hardly be worrying about another.SS: Uh huh.KS: So we found it best just to let the truckers bid onit and beat theirselves out of the money and let them move it.SS: I see. Are these more or less independent fellows who own their own trucks or--?KS: It has been. The last twenty years on our ore most has been little independent truckers.SS: Uh huh.KS: When we were mining the Look in 1965 we had MoabTrucking come in and move it for us because the independent people weren't able to move it fast enough for us. So we made an arrangement with them and they subleased it out to Moab Trucking which is one of the bigger ones around in the Colorado Plateau24
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1that I know of. Where were we?SS: We were talking about trucking.KS: Oh, used to be back in 1943. Well, through theforties and fifties probably a dozen small truckers [were] in Blanding. Some of them have one truck, some two, some three or four or five, that made their living on the uranium industry. But they've all disappeared now into other things. People with the big diesels kind of underbid them and the uranium business slowly tapered off to the point where therejust wasn't anything for them.SS: Uh huh. [With] your knowledge of the whole area wouldyou say that everybody with their mines where they know they've got ore in this are kind of withholding, or not withholding but mining their ore very leisurely waiting so that they don't use up their reserves?KS: Yes, very definitely. We're trying to survive in Cottonwood on what is no more than a wage, you know. It's not a very lucrative mining situation out there. It's real low grade and it's been mined out really, but we're sitting on a few good ore bodies and a few real good properties, looking for a better price andhoping that we can hold out and not have to mine them under today's prices.25
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY #1SS: What mines besides the Sompaticka, which I know, areyou operating in Cottonwood now?KS: Well, just the Sompaticka. There are threeSompaticas and---?--- of course Cottonwood takes in fifteen or twenty claims, but right now they're just in the one. Right now I 'm not mining. In fact, I 'm looking to something else to sit through this lean period and I'd go back mining tomorrow if I knew where there was a good grade of ore I could sell, you know, but the Blanding area is not in it as far as the carnotite ores go, which you've probably been told. The Cottonwood area--the Morrison formation just didn't make as good from here to Colorado as it did from there on. The Uravan Mineral Belt and that country over in there just has a better grade of ore in the carnotite than we have here.SS: And they are more active; their mines are more active right now.KS: Right now most of the mining activity is probably around what is called the Uravan Mineral Belt--that is in this area. Of course you get in Wyoming and New Mexico where these big tunnel systems are, the ore is formed differently. It's not formed in small channels. They're big operations there, but in ourarea, why, the Shinarump ore in the Blanding area is 26
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1its best thing. White Canyon and Elk Ridge and Red Canyon and naturally just the regular price increase. I think really that there's more still in the ground than has been dug out in this area, but as I said we're sitting on some pretty good ore bodies in our Shinarump properties and hoping that we don't have to sell them at today's price. We are also hoping that, you know, we can do a lot of exploration during theselean years and develop more ore reserves.SS: Well, let me see. I don't think I have any otherquestions. Is there anything you'd like to add?KS: No. I'm glad I got my two bits in about the AEC.SS: Well, for the years that I was going to ask you aboutthe difficulty with the ore in White Canyon--were you involved with mining at the time that they, you know, the family held the White Canyon claims and then eventually sold them and the VCA; the problems with the VCA Mill there?KS: When the VCA Mill was operating at White Canyon I was working up on the Hideout Mine then. We were just opening it up and it did turn out to be one of the better ones in the whole area and we were right in there and we were shipping down there. I don't know what the trouble was. I guess they didn't get any recover. I think most everyone that shipped there27
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY #1lost what they shipped--to my knowledge, anyway. There's another thing, too, I always wondered about. The White Canyon area is famous for having ore that was out of equilibrium for the first few hundred feet. Now, [I don't know] if anyone has told you about this or not?SS: No.KS: But both channels in White Canyon are leached out.They would run good on the counter, the geiger counter, but you might have to go several hundred feet back in the solid before you got the real grade of uranium. So your geiger counter would mislead you for a few hundred feet. At the time the mill was there in White Canyon people were opening up a lot of new places and the mill was certainly getting a lot of ore that was out of equilibrium and actually wasn't there. That might have helped. I bet anything that was some factor in the recovery they got there.SS: Did this tell you, the geiger counter just read it higher than it actually was?KS: It would read it higher than it actually would assay because both channels had a tendency to leach out toward the outside and so they--actually the solution had leached away leaving a kind of a copper and uranium count, but not the actual ore grade, and28
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1there are several instances where you went in anywhere from fifty to two hundred fifty feet before you actually encountered the good ore. Yet you were shipping stuff that looked to all the world like it was real high grade. You might talk to a few people that did that and get a little---?--- of their story on it. But I know at what we called Deer Flat--it was actually the Hideout Mine--we had a little dog hole going in there, and I guess we were in oh, rightaround a hundred feet and you could see the stuff changing to a little blacker and a little hareder and losing some of the copper. They had a copper log there that was about twenty feet long that you could just saw pennies out of. It was just solid. You break off a slab of it---?--- and that's what happened to copper. All the copper grade I guess stayed the same, but it was oxidized then.SS: I'm really interested in the little community that grew up there around the mill at White Canyon. I wonder what you can tell me about that?KS: Very little. Very little.ss: Did you know any of the fellows that worked in themill?KS: Well, I remember the COG Mineral operation. Oh, youmean the old VCA Mill, the first one? 29
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1SS: Uh huh.KS: No. I think Denny Vowles was the only individualthere that I actually knew. We passed him on the road once or twice. He drove a new Desoto and he was always going 1ike mad over that dirt road. He was quite a wealthy man and he was the head of VCA and he had a lot of enemies. He was an ex-prize fighter and he kind of pushed his way around. Our relations with him back in the old days, even though I wasn't involved personally I was around and working for everybody, but on certain occasions he would just come and take your lease away from you or he would just come and say, "Well, your royalty has changed from ten percent to fifty-fifty." If you encoutered a good ore body he would just come and tell you and he had the upper hand. He was really the only market then, and it's just a wonder that somebody didn't shoot that guy. I'm sure he was the cause of a lot of miseries around Blanding as far as, you know, people cussing him. I know on one occasion he was coming out to Cottonwood and changed the royalty right off the bat. My dad had just opened up a lot of good ore and he just came and changed it and told him it was just plain ore from now on. In fact, that's one thing that prompted my brothers at one time to quit Cottonwood30
 KENNETH D. SHUMWAY # 1and move to the Shinarump ore which had just been discovered then. I remember A. Shumway, Gary's dad, the first time he come up to my dad's house one night talking was quite excited because he was telling him about this Shinarump formation that was down there. I don't know if my dad had ever heard that word before, but A. Shumway had found that that was Shinarump [that was] laid on top of all of these hills down there, you know. They were quite excitedand they were getting ready to go. That's about the first I ever heard of that country. At that time Cottonwood was producing good and the Shinarump was something that I know. In my own mind I thought, "Well, it'11 never be as good as Cottonwood, you know," but it did have a lot of good ore bodies in it.SS: Well, I certainly do thank you for your time and your information.KS: You're sure welcome. I'm glad to talk. [END OF INTERVIEW]31