 EARL & GOLDA CHILES Paradox, ColoradoAn Interview By John McFarlaneUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-181July 2, 1971Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
       
 Table of ContentsJuly 2, 1971Tape #1:Early Claims and Mines ................. 14Arrowhead Hunting. . . . .Paradox Families and Mining . . . . .6 11 15 23 ¥ 26 ¥ ¥ 28 . 31 34 39 Expense of Drilling and Milling ..... . ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 42StakingClaims . .Murder and the FBI .Striking it Rich.Promotional Schemes.Price Exploration.Entertainment . .Large Companies and Independent Miners Potash and Borax .......... .Tailings.Mining Destruction.45 47. . . .
 
 THE FOLLOWING IS AN INTERVIEW WI TH GOLDA CHILES AND EARL C H I L E S FOR THE SOUTHWEST UT AH P R O J E C T , URA N I UM M I N I N G , BY JOHN McFARLANE AT PARADOX, COLORADO, ON J ULY 2 , 1971.[TAPE #1.]JM: Mrs. Chiles, would you state your full name, your age, and where you were born?GC: My name is Golda Oliva Chiles. I was born in Moab, Utah, and I'll be fifty-eight this fall.JM:GC:I wonder if we could talk a little bit about your early history, about when you arrived in the valley. My folks came to Paradox when I was five years of age. I stayed with my grandmother for a year or so. Then they brought me over with them. In those days it was horse and buggy. There were no cars in this country, and traveling was slow. The roads weren't very good. They were rough and rugged. But there was mining in this country at that time. The Cash-In mine was operating, and there were two uranium runs. Yellow Bird was running on La Sal Creek. It was run by Gordon Gibson and Billy Martin. The ore was trucked out with burros.JM: Can you remember who had the burro contract for hauling?GC: They hauled their own ore. Billy Martin had his own string of burros, and they hauled out their own ore. We met them at times on the creek. He must have hadtwenty or thirty burros that he used for pack burros.
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1So when we were children, that was a lot of fun, to catch the wild burros and ride them. Earl and I mined back in 1940 and 1941. We mined the Jackpot, and it was hand drilling. We had no machinery. We used wheelbarrows to crate the ore out. We had quite a vein. It was back under the hill quite a ways. Then when Price Exploration came, they tried strip mining. They used dozers and tore the ore all out. They lost the vein, they lost the uranium, they closed it down then, and it hasn't been running since. There's a little mining there but not much. There hasn't been any ore come out of there to speak of. But the ValleyView, just below this mine was operating, and there has been, well, I'd say, probably thousands and thousands of dollars worth of ore taken out of the Valley View.EC: It's owned by Price Exploration.GC: It was privately owned first by Columbo. Jim Columbowas the first owner, then John Columbo, and then Price Exploration bought them out and they kept the royalties on this.EC: It's closed down though now.JM: Can we talk a little bit about some of the historythat you know of the people here in the valley and some of the history of mining just prior to the2
 MR.GC:AND MRS. C H I L E S # 1uranium boom and during the uranium boom?Steve Swain, Sr., was the second white baby that was born in the valley. There were Indians in the valley when they came. He was the second. He was Earl's brother-in-law. He was a rancher and a cattleman, sohe never ever became interested in mining and he would have nothing to do with it. But a few years later the Riddles moved into the valley, and they became interested. They were also ranchers, but they became interested in mining. What was it that you wanted to know?Did you go off on your own in the early times and tramp the hills and look for ore?Some, not much.We staked a lot of clai,ms and sold them. There is ore, but it's too deep to mine.Now during this time you were raising a family also? Yes. That's when I raised my family, so I stayed home most of the time. Earl staked some claims at Rock Creek, but we didn't have the money to operate them.We had a sick boy, and it cost us everything we could make to keep him living. So we dropped the claim. Later it sold for $1,000,000. [Bitersweet laughter]I don't know as it sold for a mi_llion, but it sold for a lot of money.JM:GC: EC:JM: GC:lC:3
  MR. AND MRS. C H I L E S # 1GC: Right close to it.EC: We had a whole bunch of them.GC: There were a bunch that we had. There was anotherfellow in with him, and his name was--EC: --Harold Waid. They were partners in that.GC: We didn't want to borrow to go into debt because,like I said, we had this boy that was sick, and we thought he came first. With me, my children came first.EC: We were so darn hard up we couldn't even afford money to get gas to go down and work the claims.GC: Pills at the time that he was sick cost us $1.19 apiece, and we were poking them down him pretty fast. That was when your Terramycin first came in.JM: You have traveled around this area quite extensively and done some rock hounding. Would you like to talk a little bit about your arrowhead collection and where you've been able to pick up these various items?GC: I did lots of arrowhead hunting on the Monogram. It seems where the Indians lived and made arrowheads there is uranium, and also where the Indians lived there are dinosaur bones, and it seems where there are dinosaur bones there's uranium. They seem to allgo together for some reason in this country. On Island Mesa there's some uranium, but not much, but4
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1there are dinosaur bones and arrowheads. Island Mesa hasn't been opened up much yet. It hasn't been explored. It's still kind of new country. On this side of it they have taken out a lot of copper and uranium. But on the mesa, it hasn't been explored too much for some reason. It's staked but hasn't been worked. Monogram, I think, is nearly all undermined now with mines because it's owned by Union Carbide. Not altogether. I 'd say Monogram and Long Park are two of the biggest uranium deposits in western Colorado.EC:GC:JM: GC:I have lots of arrowheads and quite a bit of dinosaur bones around. I don't sell them. I'm a collector. I keep them.Have you hunted in the Utah area?Not much. I haven't hunted much in Utah. I have been over the line a few times. We were over in Beef Basin years ago before it was made into a park, just exploring ruins. That was just a pleasure trip. I have been down to Lake Powell and have hunted some arrowheads on the Henry Mountains, not finding any. I was too late; already they had been picked up when we were through there. We didn't stay. It was just a short trip. But we did find some beautiful rock overthat way.5
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1JM:Could we talk about some of the families here that you know in Paradox that have been in the mining business and have either made it big or not made it big, some of the successes and failures of the community here?I think there's quite a few families that have been in the mining business, and some of them have made it big. Mr. and Mrs. Carl Tucker live in the valley now, and they made their money mining. Now they're into ranching because ranching is what he loves. It's what he always dreamed of. He didn't make it quite well in mining. I think most of the people have lost more than they've made in mining. Some of them have made it. But the majority of people in the valley haveGC:made their money on ranching and cattle.JM: Would you talk a little bit about what the uraniumboom meant to the valley?GC: It helped the valley, I think. It helped our schools.We had more children here. It improved things. Paradox especially, I think was the center of this uranium. At one time all the tax money that came in form uranium was in the Paradox area. It helped ourcountry a lot out here. We've benefited from it.JM: Could we talk about some of the other families, the Riddle family that was here? The son, I know, is in6
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1mining, the father was in mining.GC: Andy and Joe Riddle were together in mining. Years ago the C.C.'s (Civilian Conservation Corps) were in the valley, and they built roads and trails to open up some of the uranium. This work was all by these boys. They had a camp here in the valley. They were here two or three years; this was back before the uranium became part of things.JM: Could you remember approximately what year this was? GC: That's what I'm tying to think.EC: It was 1938, 1939 or somewhere around there.GC: I guess it was by about -1938 when the C.C. 's werehere. It was just before the war started. They were here two or three years. They built this road up Carpenter Ridge, and that helped to open up some of the mining for these people. Before there was only a trail up on Carpenter's Ridge, and they built this road up to it.JM: Would you say that the valley experienced a rapid growth period during the boom? Did a lot of people come in from the outside?GC: There were lots of people that came in, and they lived in trailer houses; they brought in trailer houses. All the houses in the valley at that time were full. It helped the country. It always helps7
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1during this time, I think. The time of a boom helps.JM: Did many of the people from the uranium boom that came in stay in the valley, or did they just move on? GC: Some stayed and some moved on. We've had people that would come in and work at the uranium mines for ayear or so, and then they'd move on.JM: The population has remained rather static then sincethe boom?GC: It has dropped off considerably.JM: Approximately how many people would you say are inParadox right now?GC: It's probably around five hundred.EC: Oh, no. Not that many.GC: You don't think there's that many?EC: But the majority of our population now is miners.They're living in trailer houses in different places. We have a few farmers left here yet. Probably fifteen or twenty farmers in the valley now are in full operation.JM: Is ranching sort of a second occupation for some of the miners? They work in the mines and also ranch or farm?GC: I think ranching is first, and they have worked in the mines some to help them along to get started.JM: I think you've been here long enough to make an 8
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1observation. Do you feel that the boom has gone and the industry is on a downs!ide now, or do you feel that it will be coming back?I think it will come back because our country needs uranium, and I think this is one of the richest uranium countries.I think copper is going to bring it back more than anything else some day.Are you looking forward to the time when there is an upsurge?No, not especially. It doesn't matter to us. It may to our children because they're all miners. It will help them if it opens up again.Are your children actively engaged in mining now?Yes, they're working for Union Carbide now. But the oldest boy, I think will go back to mining on his own. They were talking of putting in a mill. They haven't decided yet whether to put it at Naturita or just where. But when they decide and get to operating, I think he will go back to mining on his own.JM: Is one of the problems with mining in the area the fact that the ore has to be transported so far now?GC: No. I think that the main thing has shut them down now is because the government became so strict on theGC:EC:JM:GC:JM: GC:9
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1radiation count. Because of that, a lot of your small miners couldn't operate. They didn't have adequate equipment.The government made them put in air sha£ts.They're quite strict. I don't remember now just what the count was. But they closed down a lot of the small miners. Of course, David has first-class equipment, and he can mine. They won't hurt him. He passed all the government specifications and still will when he decides to mine again. He has good equipment, and lots of it, when he gets startedEC: GC:JM: GC:JM:GC:mining.Then you think the government regulations have hurt? Yes. They've hurt a lot of the small people who weren't equipped to cut down the radiation. They didn't have the equipment to pump the air into themines that was needed.We're talking about radiation now. Have you known of people here in the valley that have been affected by it?Yes. We've had two or three from the valley here that have died. Mr. Blood is one of the men that has died from radiation on the lungs. He had cancer of lungs. Mr. Squires is dead. He had cancer oflungs. Mr. Fiant is one of the old timers 10thethe in the
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1valley and he died of emphysema, and that was just one lung from radiation. There have probably been aJM:GC:JM:GC:lot; I just can't think of them right now.The government has put a lot of restrictions on opening up an area related to the ecology of the landscape. How do you feel about that?I think it's all right. I think some of our government restrictions are okay.Do you feel that a person that comes and mines an area should leave it in the natural state that hefound it in?I don't think it would hurt a thing for them to straighten things back up. Mining is quite hard on the country. It kind of tears up a lot of country. Especially our forests. They'11 come in and break roads into it and tear down trees. I think that they should set a little stricter [tabs] on some of that.I know according to the new government restrictionsthat are coming in, if you take a tree down or move a tree you will replace the tree. I've talked to some of the people from the bigger companies and this, they say, has increased their cost of mining tremendously, the fact that they have to leave the land in its natural state.JM:GC: One thing I don't like about this drilling. They 11
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1drill these holes, and some of them aren't closed; they're leaving them open. There have been stock that have stepped in these holes and have broken their legs. I think these people are drilling these big holes, and some of them are quite deep. They should be capped off, cemented or something, so that children or stock can't fall into them. This has happened.EC: They should do something about their shafts too. They drill a hole and get down in the ground about maybe sixty feet and go off and leave that shaft open. if they get hardly anything, they just shut it down, and that's the way it sits there for years and years. The timber around that thing gets old, and after a while even a human being could step up on it and look down and not see what it was and go in. It's natural for cattle and sheep to fall in a hole like that. Even wild game has fallen in.GC: Jack Stocks mined on La Sal Creek. He is dead now. He died from a heart attack. He made a lot of money from mining, and he was a man from the valley. His mine is on La Sal Creek.JM: At one time during the uranium boon, I understand that most of the people from the valley here were out staking claims. Do I have the correct information on12
 MR. AND MRS. C H I L E S # 1 this?GC: Yes. There were a lot of people. Of course, some of them didn't get in it, but we did. That's what put us back over the hump. I told you we had this boy that was sick. I think I owed the doctor, and I think I also owed the drugstore here at Naturita. Selling the claims did put us over the hump. We paid for our doctor bills and our drug bill on this boy. our doctor was awfully nice to us, and so was the druggist. They never once turned us down on any medicine or any doctoring. They started right with us regardless of what we owed at the time. It was quite an expense for us. They were so nice, of course, when we did get some money. The first thing we did was pay them off, both of them. We would have paid it, I guess, slowly somehow, if we hadn't sold the claims. But that has helped us over, fast.JM: You've been in mining for a length of time; would you go on mining? Would you go back into mining?GC: I would.EC: If I were younger I would, yes. JM: You enjoy mining then?GC: Yeah. I like earning some money.JM: What is there about mining that makes you want to go on with it? You've had success with it.13
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1GC: I don't know what there is about mining, but once aperson's a miner, you're always a miner. You won't quit it. Well, it's pleasant conditions to work. The mine is cool inside. It's real nice. If it wasn't for your radiation danger, it's a wonderful place to work. There are very few accidents in mining. Most of our accidents in this country seem to be timber, logging. There is an accident once in awhile. Union Carbide had one.JM: Have you, yourself, or your husband been involved in an accident in the mine?GC: No. We never had any accidents or anything go wrong. I think Union Carbide is careful; they have been taught safety. They've had classes on safety, and it helps the men.JM: I know in your quest for arrowheads you're always looking for other things besides arrowheads. Is this right?GC: Yes, yes. We have found a little copper, but not enough to do any good. We have found a little uranium in places, but still not enough to do any good in our hunting. We really haven't tried too hard to finduranium. If we did know where it was we'd probablyjust keep quiet for a while.JM: Could we perhaps talk a little about the history of14
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1the Cash-In Mine? This is a prominent mine, a natural copper mine in this area.GC: After they shut it down for awhile, the mine filled with water. The machinery is still down the shafts, and it is all buried in the water. But the water theyfound in the mine is poisoned, and they're not allowed to pump it into the La Sal Creek. There's no other place, no other outlet, right at the time to put this water so it can be mined again, or probably there would be small leasers go in and try this mine.EC: There have been several small ones trying it.GC: But there's no place to pump the water, and they're not allowed to pump it into La Sal Creek, and theshafts are full of water.EC: You don't have room for reservoirs, see, here in acanyon.GC: It's hard to mine. The copper in the mine is quitepure. It is awfully hard to mine and impossible tomill in this country. They have to ship it.EC: Sometimes I could show you a pile of cans, oh, bigger than this room that they tried that can business on them. They were going to build reservoirs, but there were too many seams; they can't hold the water inthere.GC: They could seal off the seams. I think that once in a15
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1while someone, a small outfit, comes in and before they can get set up to mine, they're broke. They don't have money enough to go on.Do you know any of the early history of the mine? Who discovered it?I don't know who discovered this mine. Do you know, Earl? Do you know who discovered the Cash-In Mine? Tom Swain.Tom Swain? And who did he sell it to?JM:GC:EC: GC: EC:I think that he sold it to--this is just what I think, I think it was Galloway. Now they might have been partners, I don't know. But anyway, Tom Swain got out from under and gave it to Stowe up here. But he's the one that found the copper, Tom was. So Steven's dad told him; that's his son.He was a rancher. He really wasn't interested in mining, so he was probably quite glad to turn it over.GC:JM: Have you ever heard any stories related to the Cash- In Mine?GC: Yes. This Mr. Hecock, was that his name? I guess he carried a little money on him, had a money belt. Someone wanted the money, so they cut his head off and buried his head up in the La Sal Creek in an irrigation ditch and robbed him. There are people16
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1around that know more about this than I do. Then they were taken to court.They brought some detectives in from Denver to trace down the murderer, two of them. They thought theyEC:GC:EC: GC: EC:GC:found out who'd done it and they set him up for it. I don't think they found the guilty one. One of them was guilty.John Miller took the blame. Really, he wasn't the one that did the killing.He could have been. He led a pretty rough bunch.He was in the bunch, yes, but not guilty.I think he told me when he got out of the pen--he went into mining when he came back. In fact, he was my partner for a week there.There was another man that went to jail for this murder too. Who was the other man?Jim Gasaway.EC:GC: Jim Gasaway. They said that Mr. Gasaway told Mr.Adams if he ever got out of the pen he would killhim. So Mr. Adams carried a gun.EC: Mr. Adams was Jim Gasaway's father-in-law.GC: Oh. Well, anyway he carried a gun steady when heheard that Jim Gasaway was going to get out of jail; Mr. Adams carried a gun steady. Soon after Jim got out of jail, he disappeared, and no one knows what17
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1 happened.EC:GC: EC:GC:EC: GC:EC: GC:I could give you another lead if you want, Mrs. Hall over here.Veda Hall.Veda Hall. If you can get her to talk, she can tell you all about that trial.She knows more about this than any of us because she knew these people personally.She knows the Cash-In better than we do.Not the Cash-In, but she down knows these people. She knew this Mr. Adams.She knew them all.She's over here at the cherry orchard. Maybe you would like some cherries. Lou Waggoner was the rancher that came into the valley shortly after the Swains. They were either the first or the second white people that came into the valley. Lou was in the cattle business, and he became involved in the mining when it was going strong. His wife is still living. She is 87 years old now and in good condition, good health. Mentally and physically she's in good health. Emma Waggoner may be able to tell you something about the mining.If you can get her to talk. She's a very quiet woman, and I don't think she'd talk.18EC:
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1GC: She might not talk to you.JM: Can you remember some of the few early people?GC: Yes. The Talberts were some of the old timers in thevalley. Tom Talbert came into the country and put in a cherry orchard. They shipped lots of cherries from this country for several years. The orchard since has died out as cattlemen have picked up the place and have put most of it into alfalfa and feed for cattle, pasture. But there were the Waggoners, the Talberts, and the Swains. These were some of the first. Then Ben Robb and there was a man named Ralph Austin. Then Ralph came into Bedrock. They were some of the first old timers in Bedrock. They were ranchers, strictly ranchers. They didn't become involved in mining that I know of.EC: What were the names of the people who came in here and staked all these claims and he was an FBI guy?GC: We had a man on Carpenter Ridge that had committed murder and was working up here, and none of us knew. He seemed very nice. He was nice to the people in the valley, and seemed like a very nice fellow. But the sheriff came in one day and they'd taken him out. They said he was a murderer. We did have an FBI man in here that was picking up these fellows. He stakedclaims around Uravan and Rock Creek and around Wray 19
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1Mesa and Paradox. He was looking for these fellows during this time that he was here, for about three years.JM: This was during the uranium boom time?GC: Yes. He picked up several people for some reason oranother. We didn't know all the details, but this one incident happened here on Carpenter Ridge, and that was the reason we knew about it. Then we heard that he picked up one or two at Uravan.JM: This gentleman came in and he staked various claims. Did he have any luck with these claims?GC: He had .good luck with his claims, but he never did anything about it. [Laughter] He picked up lots or arrowheads in this country. He was an arrowhead hunter and a prospector.JM: What happened to his claims?GC: We just let them go.EC: They were jumped.GC: They were jumped. He just dropped them. Some of themwere real good. I think I would have gone ahead and developed them if I would have been him; even though I was in another business, I think I would have kept them. But he didn't.EC: Well, he couldn't.JM: He remained with you for about tree years?20
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1GC: He stayed in the valley. He would go home through thewinter months, and then he would come back in the spring and would spend his summers here. We enjoyed him. He was a wonderful man. We personally enjoyed him because we played cards. We like to play pinochle or five hundred. I forget now what we played at the time he was in here. He and his wife would play cards with us. We freely enjoyed them. They were nice people. They loved to fish.business?GC: We caught him up one time. He had a geiger counter,and he was really in the mining business. I guess no one suspected except us. We became wise that he really wasn't interested in mining or didn't know anything about it. We had some high grade uranium in here, and we asked him to put his counter on it. We just wanted to see what it would do. We didn't mean to be nosey or prying. He tried his counter, and he didn't even know how to run it. [Laughter] He couldn't even pick it up with the geiger counter. So we suspected then that something was up, but we didn't know what. We thought maybe he could have beenBut you didn't suspect anything at this time?JM:GC: No, no. We didn't know.JM: Did he seem to know a little bit about the mining21
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1just a greenhorn, but we knew he was well-educated. He was a well-educated man; you could tell by the way he talked. So we didn't say anything. We just kept still and sat back. Then we said something to one of our friends. He told us that he was an FBI man.Your friend told you that he was?Yes.He didn't come back?No. After this became known he didn't come back because, I think, too many people found out.He picked up several men here. He picked one up out here in Monogram who'd been working there for sixJM: GC: JM: GC:EC:GC:months. A good citizen, mind~ng his own business, a good man, wanted for murder.This is a good hideout if they get into mining, you know. It'd be hard to pick them up.EC: Nobody knew who was turning them in. It was him. But we found that out afterwards. He didn't say so, but it led down to what his business was here.GC: So he doesn't come back to this country anymore. He did his work here. He finished up what he was supposed to do, and he's never come back. I thought I'd help him by telling him his claims were going to be jumped and that he just had to do his assessmentwork.22
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1EC: He and his wife stayed up here at this hotel.GC: They boarded at the hotel.EC: They had to have some money or a good job orsomething or he couldn't go out and buy gasoline and run all over the country. I guess we were just dumb. We should have known a long time before we did. But when we brought that uranium chunk out there and we put the uranium on the porch here and "Let's see if he could find it." But he didn't know how to operate that thing; he couldn't find it. It was a good outfit, too. You'd think he could pick it up right if he knew how to operate it. But he didn't even know how to operate the darn thing. But still he found these big claims of hot ore once in awhile. I don't know how he did that. It was just lucky I guess.GC: Just luck.JM: I suppose you've had people that go out and hunt andhunt and really know what it was all about and [have]found nothing?EC: We've had lots of them try; lots of them did.JM: Can you remember any particular stories abut anybodyfinding a rich deposit in a peculiar way?GC: No, I don't know of anyone except Mr. Steen that was out hunting ore and found this large strike, Charlie Steen from Moab. Over here south of us are where his23
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1 claims are.He was a prospector all right. He knew just how to do it.He knew what he was looking for, and he did find it. He owed everybody in the country, and he'd come inwalking on the ground; his boots were worn out. He struck $1,000,000 the next day. He just quit. [Laughter] But he'd been doing it for years andyears.Well, Jack Stocks found his on La Sal Creek. He opened up these mines, and he made a lot of money off of there. I think at one time that he did get around probably a quarter of a million dollars off the mines. His wife told me they didn't get out of the mines what people said they did.They didn't make a whole lot of money, but they did get one-quarter million out of it.She told me that they got a quarter of a million. But he had somebody in with him that helped him.don't come out with so much sometimes.JM: Can you remember anybody in the area that didn't makea great big strike but in some peculiar way they found ore?24EC:GC: EC:GC:EC:GC:EC:GC: It was divided then. By the time it's divided, youThere were some partners.
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1GC: I think over here at Sunrise, the mine has been therefor years and has been operated by certain people, but the claims were dropped. Now this isn't the copper mine. This is a uranium mine. There is a copper mine over in Sunrise.EC: Y ou're talking about Andy Riddle now?GC: Andy Riddle went out and staked some uranium, and heoffered to sell it at first for ten thousand. He went up to twenty thousand. Then he raised his price to thirty thousand. The last I knew, he sold for forty thousand dollars. [Laughter] He kept raising his price. Each time he'd get a buyer, I think he raised his price.JM: This is a mine that had been worked?GC: Well, there was a little ore showing around, and Joeand his brother went in and developed the mine some. It wasn't a mine, it was just uranium showing. He went in and did a little work to open it up a little bit so that they could sell it, so people could seewhat they were buying. I believe this sold for $40,000; whether they got any money, I don't know.EC: I don't think they sold at all.GC: Yes, they did get some money out of it.EC: I don't think so. They turned it down. It finally25
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1didn't sell at all. He still owns it.GC:JM;GC:I think the mine may have been turned back to him, but he did get some money from it.Could I get you to comment on some of the promotion schemes that were tried here in the valley?That's what the Cash-In Mine today is, a promotion scheme. They sell stock, and it seems like every so often they go broke and they start over again selling more stock. I think they're getting the people in New York, the rich people, and selling them stock on the Cash-In. They keep a watchman over there and keep up some of the building. The copper is wonderful copper that could be mined, but I think people in this country know that it can't be mined.It can.It can if they can dispose of the water, if they had some place to dispose of it.There's copper above the water.EC: GC:EC:GC: But the copper, I think, they just use it for a stockscheme. I think they make more money that way.EC: Some big outfit's running it now that's got thiswatchman over it.GC: Has the lease on it.EC: But I was talking to one of the--well, I guess he's apretty high-up man. I don't think he owned any stock26
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1in it, but he's an engineer of some kind. He told me that they drilled this whole thing, this whole hill over here. They were going to try to bring that mine through this way, see. He said they found several holes that hit good high grade copper, and I mean high grade. But he says as far as we're concerned,[Loud noise covering sentence] He said there's not enough low grade to do it. He says you can't take the high grade and the low grade together. He says you've got too much high grade to get to your low grade and the high grade mix. Then, he says, it isn't a big enough vein. He says, "What we're trying to do,"- -well, they worked at it over a year drilling that thing. He says, "We did hit some good copper." I don't know for sure, but probably he will resell that to smaller outfits that can afford to go in and mine it, but not through the whole mine.JM: Were some of your people here locally hurt by these promotion schemes that came in?EC: Sometimes they were.GC: None here in the valley that I know has been hurt.EC: --couldn't get a dollar out of it and had fifteen menworking on it.GC: I didn't know any of the men.EC: That's the only time I know of anybody getting hurt.27
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1It was the working class getting hurt. They paid their bills. They spent their money while they were at it too.Did the people here in the valley warm to the outsiders that came in? Were they accepted right into the community and into the church?It depended on the people, if the people were friendly.I think that in general they'd try to help them,JM:GC:EC:GC:JM:GC: EC: GC: EC:'cause it would help the valley, see.The valley people will accept the people and are very nice to them if these people are nice to the valley people. But if they are snobbish and kind of think they're above the valley people, they're soon lost. Would you like to see another influx of population like you had? I think I asked this question before. No, I think I would rather it be as it is.I would kind of like to see it.Oh, I really don't care.I think it helps the country a little bit. Only I'dlike to see them mine this time instead of just a boom. I want to see a little action.JM: What does the term "aggressive miner" mean to you? I've heard the term used.GC: If he's an aggressive miner, he is a miner that has 28
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1made his money mining, made his name in it, that he's done real well mining, if he's aggressive. Otherwise, he's a loser. You either lose or you make money inEC:JM: EC:GC: EC:JM: EC:mining.I would have said that one would make it out of fifty. That's just about your average.About one out of fifty?About one out of fifty have made it. We've got some men who've made good, who've made a fortune. We've got two of three out here who've made pretty good at it. Carl Tucker is one who made good money on that. They sold, though, the rest they made.The bigger outfit we have in here that has helped the country more than any other is Price Exploration. They bought a lot of claims here.This was Price Exploration?Yes. That's the one I sold it to. They helped the country and they tried to mine this Cycle and Jackpot up here and Valley View, not the Jackpot but theValley View and Cycle. They also own Jackpot too. They bought all the claims in there.They tried to surface mine. They tried to cut a hillside down. You can't mine that way. You can'tGC:mine in this country like that.EC: They ruined the Cycle. They tried to put a dozer on29
 MR. AND MRS. C H I L E S # 1it and pull the mountain off the ore and it was just too much overburden for that kind of mine. If they started back in there now and went back in there they probably--oh, not over sixty feet, so they tell me--I haven't been down there much--but one fellow told me that if you could get into it you could take out a hundred tons of ore in just a little bit. He says there are some big pillars back under there but he says they've chopped that ground up by blasting it alone. You can't hold the rock, and it's straight up and down, and you can't get into it. The tunnel nowis full to where you'11 never get down to go down into it like they thought they'd do. To do it would cost too much. What's underneath isn't worth what they've got to move in at all.GC: Mines have to be timbered then.EC: Timber won't hold those rocks up, and that's whatthey tried to do. I know that there's ore in there. I haven't been in there since they started this other business. But there were some pillars in there of high grade ore, vanadium and uranium, and it isn't under there very far. I would say the farthest would be a hundred feet back there. But you've got the whole hillside clear from the top of the road to get that hundred feet and then probably when you got down30
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1to where they drilled about that much ore in the hill.GC: Out of a two-foot vein.EC: Yeah. About a three-foot vein. It was lying flat. Nowover just across the canyon from it, Valley View, now that's a fissure vein. This one over here lays low and it's flat. But this fissure vein, you have to get under it and mine it down. I think there's a lot of ore in that country yet up there. We've got lots of ore they haven't touched yet on Sunshine Ranch.JM: I wonder if we could talk a little bit about the social life the people had here in Paradox during the boom time? Was there local recreation here, or did you have to go down to Naturita or Nucla?GC: People went out for most of their recreation. Years ago we used to have dances and entertainment here at the schoolhouse. We had picture shows for people here. We would order film and have shows. We had our own projector and we showed these at the school house and charged just a little charge, enough to cover thecost of the film. We did this during the boom days too. We had these picture shows so that people who couldn't go out could have some entertainment. But most of the people did go out bowling and dancing, or sports of all kinds if they wanted to, but they did31
  MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1have to go out. They all had their own cars, and itdidn't cost much.JM: Where would they go if they had to go out of here?GC: They went to Nucla and Norwood.JM: I have heard in talking to some of the people thatNaturita had rather a wild reputation.EC: Naturita was.GC: But we have always had good recreation in thiscountry. For entertainment a lot of people love tofish.JM: Are you saying that most of the people would thenprovide their own recreation? This would be huntingand fishing?GC: We have lots of people who came into this country forhunting from all over the country, Arkansas, even back East, from New York and everywhere. They came into this country for hunting, Californians and Texans. We have lots of Texans in this country that come in for hunting. It's quite a sport. Last year we didn't have so many. Our deer here have become quite thinned out, and there weren't so many that came in last year. But we have had lots of people in the valley because of this. All our stores would just be so rushed during this period.JM: This would be tourist business? 32
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1GC:EC:GC:Yes, and they do love to fish and they clamped a lot around the reservoir and did lots of fishing at this time.We have people come back and back again for this place up here at the reservoir.They love this reservoir. It's a wonderful place. They have a lot of tall trees around, and there is wood. It's a wonderful place for camping. It's a wonderful place for children, and people do come in here for this reason.Is this Buckeye Reservoir that you're talking about? This is Buckeye Reservoir, yes.This is a privately owned reservoir?The reservoir is privately owned by the farmers. But they do allow the Fish and Game people to stock it and to use it.Do the majority of people coming in here take care of the reservoir?Yes. We have a few that get a little messy around. But the game wardens are good about seeing that things are cleaned up after them. Most of the peopledo take good care of things and keep the campgroundsJM: GC: JM: GC:JM:GC:clean.EC: They spent a little money here, but I think they didmore damage than they did good as far as hunting is 33
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1concerned. They didn't take care of their catch. Some of them would, and some of them wouldn't. I can take you and show you carcasses lying around that a dozen hunters ought to have had.GC: Some of the hunters that come in are after trophies. This country used to be wonderful deer hunting, and you could get some wonderful trophies. A lot of them came here for that purpose and didn't take care of the meat.JM: Is this elk country also?GC: There are elk in this country, but the season wasopened up last year in Utah; this is right on the line where the elk stay. The elk come down around the reservoir. It isn't open. It's against the law to kill any elk on the Colorado side. But they do come down around the reservoir. They've even come down lower. They've come down this side quite a ways. The Fish and Game protect the elk.JM: If you had to do it all over again, and using a little hindsight, particularly the mining part of it, would you stay in the mining business and do it a little bit different?GC: Yes, I think so.EC: I wouldn't do anything else but mine and stake claimsif I had to do it over again. I wasn't smart enough34
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1at that time. I tried to make a living and stake a few claims at the same time.GC: Yes, we'd stay in mining. If we were younger we'd go back mining now.EC: If I had to do it over it'd be a different proposition. Of course, you can't borrow money on that kind of venture. You've to eat. [Laughter]GC: You can now, you can borrow money for mining. David's borrowed lots of money.JM: What do you think you would do differently other than the major thing that you'd continue mining?GC: Well, the main thing that we would do different in mining is that we would have held onto our claims regardless of what happened.JM: You would have held onto them?GC: We would have held onto them, regardless of how badit hurt us. We'd probably try to borrow money today. But you don't borrow money unless you can see a way to pay it back.JM: Can we talk a 1ittle bit about the way the big company has treated the independents? Would you like to talk about that?GC: I think the big company has more of 1ess froze out the smaller leaser. Why they have done this, I don't know. I don't understand it. Evidently they weren't35
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1wanting any ore because it used to be that they let out the leases, and I don't know what has froze it up. It used to be that the leaser did all right.Could we talk about some of the practices that you know that the big companies have applied or used up here?JM:GC:JM: GC: JM:GC:I think the only thing that the big company has done that hurt the small leaser is cut the grade of ore. Was this done at the mill?I don't know where it was done. I couldn't tell you. In your personal dealings with the big companies, do you feel that you have been treated [fairly]?Well, in the days when we were mining, see, they saved the vanadium and they didn't save the uranium. The big companies didn't pay the small leaser for the uranium. There have been lots of miners that have lost because of this, because they kept all the vanadium. They lost out completely on uranium, and now that's where you make your money: on uranium. What sort of methods did the big companies use in dealing with the independents? You said they'd frozenJM:then out.GC: I think by cutting the grade of ore is the only waythat they could possibly do it until the small leaser couldn't afford to ship the ore.36
 MR. AND MRS. C H I L E S # 1JM: Does the small leaser have to sell to the bigcompanies?GC: Yes. He has to. There's no other place for him toship his ore. There aren't enough mills.JM: And you feel that the big companies exercise amonopoly then in this way?GC: I think they weren't wanting the ore, probably.That's probably what happened. This is one way of stopping it. They probably just weren't wanting it, needing it. They have never done us this way because we haven't mined in later years since this started. I would say this has just happened probably in the last five years, and we haven't done any mining during that time.JM: How about your son? Has he had any dealing with the companies?GC: Well, the last ore he shipped, and he knew that he had good ore, he had a probe that he tested his ore with, and his probe tested the ore to be high. When it went through the mill, it didn't pay to ship it. He didn't get enough back on it that he could afford to ship it.JM: That's after it was processed?GC: That's after it was shipped to the mill, yes. Thetest wasn't high enough for him to make it, so he had 37
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1 to close.JM: Do you feel that this was the method used by the mill in testing the ore or what?GC: I don't know. I couldn't say. I don't know anything about their method of testing.JM: But you know now that your son is no longer in the business.GC: He's no longer in business because the ore didn't pay. The test wasn't high enough for it to even hardly pay the shipping charges on it. You can't mine unless you can make something, because it costs too much to run the kind of equipment that he has. When we were mining I did my own testing. I used acids to test the ore. I knew what kind of ore ran good, and I would tell my husband what would run good and whatwouldn't. I would show him. I would sort ore myself. I would go up in the afternoons and sort the ore so it'd ship good. Of course then we had to ship high grade. Low grade didn't ship.JM: When you say high grade now, what did that test out? What would be a high grade ore?GC: You could ship ore now that would go 20/lOO's or better. But in those days your ore had to run around one percent to make any money on it. It had to be high. Now one and one half percent would be a good38
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1high test. But now you can ship it down I think as low as 20/100 and they will take it. They're able to mill it now. But back in those days when we were mining they couldn't mill it for us unless it wasJM:GC:quite high. They weren't saving the uranium, they were cutting it.Would you say that you could classify the valley as a mature country, which would mean that the rich deposits have already been drilled?No, I don't think our rich deposits have been taken from the valley yet because our uranium here lies quite deep, and I don't think anyone so far has become interested enough to go down, to dig down for the uranium. It isn't needed that bad yet. I think we need to save some of our resources. So I think the valley is still in good shape as far as minerals are concerned. They haven't been taken out.I think we've got lots of potash and borax under this ground and there's salt if you could ever get to it. You say there's potash and borax in here, and this has never been mined in this area?It's too deep.I think that's one of the biggest deposits we've got, that is potash and borax. What makes me think this, Iworked in this potash and borax mine in CaliforniaEC:JM:GC: EC:39
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1and we had a whole lake of salt water out there, there were acres of it, and in places that salt would be fourteen, fifteen feet thick, and in other places the water would be open and you'd pump that water out of that lake and mix 250 tons of potash and borax every 24 hours. I think as near as I can smell this place down here there's potash in this country and lots of it, because that salt won't give an odor like potash and borax. If you get those two mixed together, there's an awful stink. Have you ever been down to the plant yet? Where they pump out the salt?JM: Yes, I have.EC: Did you ever smell that place to where the pipelinegoes down through there? Did you ever smell thewater?GC: You come around to where there's a break; you'11smell it.EC: You'll think there's a dead horse or something aroundpretty quick.GC: It's a gas odor, that's what it is. It's a terriblesmell, but I think it is gas.EC: It isn't gas, it's potash and borax. They mix it inwith the saltwater. I'll just bet that there's a big deposit of potash. I don't know how deep you'd have to go to get it, but you'd certainly have to either40
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1use a flushing system, you know, just wash it out, or else you'd have to mine it out. I don't think that you'd ever have in the water what you'd get if you went down for it.GC: I think they still need salt.EC: You can get plenty of potash and borax and watermixed; you wouldn't have to have the rock. All you'd have to do is pump the liquid and put it in your refinery pipe. I think someday that they can get away from this gas. Every time they get down through that saltwater or get into it, they hit a gas pocket and the darn thing takes fire and they've got to leave. I don't think there's much natural gas here. That is-- well, I wouldn't say that. I think there's quite a bit of it all right. But that's one thing that's going to hold us back from getting the potash, 'cause we go running in that gas. It's a poisonous gas. What do they call it? I can't think of the name of it now. Knocks you for a roll. If you get one whiff of it, it'll kill you, if you get a good whiff of if.GC: We had some fellows that drilled well down here, were going to drill for some gas to see what there was. They hit a pocket of this gas, and I guess it put about six of them in the hospital. I guess it nearly killed them. So they quit.41
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1JM:GC: EC: JM:EC:With the ore and these deposits being so deep, would it be economically feasible for a small operator to get to it?No, it would have to be a big outfit that'd mine it. It would take a big outfit.I'm talking about the uranium that is so deep. It will take a big operation and a big capitalinvestment.It costs a lot of money to go down to get that. They went down how deep is it? Three thousand and something, and they're having to put in a bunch of pumps to pump the water out. They haven't hit any gases yet, but they claim they're--Mr. Riddle had some claims drilled, and the ore was deep. I don't remember what he told me, but it seems to me like he said six hundred feet, but I could bemistaken about it. He could tell you more about that because they had this drilling down here and the ore was really deep.Who?Ge:EC:GC:EC: They haven't hardly done anything but study that forAndy Riddle.the last ten, fifteen years. I think he can give youa lot better idea than we can give you.JM: If it's going to take a large capital investment to42
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1get this ore out; do you feel that the time of the small independent is gone?GC: No, because we have a lot of ore that is in the Dakota and in the Morrison Formation. We have lots of ore left in the Morrison that these people can mine.JM: This is close-to-the-surface mining we're talking about now?GC: This is surface mining. We don't have too much ore here on the Chinle. We do have a lot in the Morrison, and our leasers can handle the Morrison ore.JM: With the government's restrictions being lifted on the buying of the uranium, the field is opening up for private industry. Do you feel that this is going to help you small independents up here?GC: Yes. It will.EC: If it helps the big ones, it's pretty sure to helpthe little ones out too.GC: I think this will open up before too long. I thinkit's just a quiet spell right now.JM: Would a mill in the valley stimulate activity?GC: Yes. We have some ore in this country that contains alot of clay that this mill we have, Union Carbide's,can't seem to handle.EC: It's lime, it isn't clay.GC: Lime or clay or something, whatever it is. If they43
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1had another mill here that could handJ.e this there could be more ore opened up and shipped in this country. But we don't have a mill right now that will handle it.JM: The only mill around here is the one that's up at Uravan.GC: At Uravan, yes, it's running, but they aren't equipped to handle the lime or clay that is in this ore. As soon as they get a mill in--and they are talking of building one that will handle this--I think this will come back up.JM: Have we talked about the closing of the mill down at Naturita?EC: Yes, that was VCA. They didn't close it. They moved i t to Durango.JM: How do you feel about it? Did this directly affect you?GC: It didn't hurt us, but it hurt a lot of people.EC: I think it hurt us when VCA moved the mill to Durango. I think it hurt us because it gave UnionCarbide too much control. They didn't have any competition then. Competition was gone. The fight between the two of them allowed you to get a fair price. If you didn't like the one price and they'd driven you down too low, you could change. Every time44
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1you change you'd get a little better grade on your ore. But after a while they began cutting down on you. Then you could change back to the other one, and you've got a good grade on your ore again. But that'sJM:GC: EC:the only difference that I can see that the mills have, just the two of them. But I do think that if any one big outfit gets too strong they're hurting the country.Can you give me your own feelings as to why the mill closed at Naturita?I don't know.I never could find out for sure, but they must have had a better setup at Durango than they'd had here. I don't know. They were having trouble with their tailings. In fact, Uravan's having the same trouble right now. They don't know where to put their tailings.That's probably why they moved to Durango. See, they had no place to run their tailings, and they're not allowed to put them in the river.They are putting their tailings clear on top of the hill there now. They don't have any more room in the canyon. The Fish and Game won't let them dump it inGC:EC:the river anymore.GC: Uravan does once in a while though.45
  MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1EC: They get fined once in a while for it too.JM: Have you noticed the vegetation around the mill thereat Naturita?GC: Yes, especially at Uravan. This milling has killedthe vegetation.JM: Do you read any of the stories in the paper or knowof any of this personally, about using the tailings of the Grand Junction mill in the construction business?EC: That's what they had to close that one for, and that's what's going to happen to this one someday because the radiation's going to get so heavy that the government says, "Here, you've got to do something with this." Well, when they can't do anything with it, what are you going to do? They are going to have to shut down. That's one reason Grand Junction lost their mill. I don't think that thismill wasn't paying, but they just didn't have a place to put their tailings anymore, and the radiation was getting so strong, and once you get that, you can't get rid of it. That's the trouble. They've got houses now that I see where they're going to have to move them. Radiation's too strong in the basements. They used that old dump ground to build houses on. They went and built them and now they can't use them46
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1because the radiation's too strong.GC: I read something about that.EC: It has its detriments, this mill business does. Firstthing, if I were going to set up a mill, I'd certainly take it off in the country where I figured when we were through with this mill that you wouldn't have to bury a hundred feet deep to kill the radiation, 'cause you're going to get it where you're getting millions of tons every day and milling that stuff all the time. I think that they're fighting it all the time all right enough. Uravan's done everything in the world to keep the radiation down. In fact, I know they are, because they're not killing the vegetation that they used to kill around on the hillside.JM: What do you see when you look at the side of a hill and see a mine there now? Is this a pleasing sight to you?I think it's all right if they don't kill too much of the vegetation, if they're careful about it. I don't think it hurt the country any. Up on Carpenter Ridge they have taken quite a bit of ore out of there, butthey haven't hurt the vegetation.JM: The little mining sites, is it pleasing to you to seethem on the side of a hill? 47GC:
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1GC: If it doesn¥t hurt anything, well, you don't noticeEC:it. At Monogram now, they have destroyed so much vegetation that it is noticeable.In the first place where they're staking the claim, I don't think that they out to be .allowed in there, like they do over here on Island Mesa, to take out a mile of cedar just as thick as could be, right straight down a section line. So then they lay that out in sections and then stake all that.They built too many roads in too small an area.They dumped the cedars down, and there's going to be a scar there for years.The trees will grow back in time.They won't as long as they keep their assessment work up. That's the way they keep it up, they keep their roads open. Then they'll come in here and they'll drive off to one side and dig a hole three or four feet deep and twenty feet long and that wide and call it an assessment. You've got to do $100 worth of work on your claims, you know. I don't think that shouldbe allowed. I think the big outfits ought to be made to put in $150 worth of manual labor on each claim, and then they wouldn't be so darn hip to own the whole country.They could cover up these places, plant grass and get48GC: EC:GC: EC:GC:
 MR. AND MRS. C H I L E S # 1it back in, vegetation.EC: I remember when I was staking, you could make a few dollars by going out here and doing assessment work for Uravan. They had to do $100 not on one claim but on all claims. Now you can own the whole country there. If you do al1 your assessment work on one mine, that covers maybe a hundred claims and maybe more than that. Well, that isn't right, I don't think that's right. I think they should be made to eitherGC: EC:GC: EC:drop the claims of do a little work on them each year. I think that's a law that ought to be passed.I don't, because that would tear up more country.I do, because it gives the big outfits too much. They're too destructive with that caterpillar.That's why trying it together they can do nice work. If you come out here on the porch, you can see where they've been out there digging those holes around. That isn't good. That tears the trees up, and they don't care how many they tear up. They just go inthere and dig them up as assessment work.But Earl, if they drop these claims and they had to put that work on each claim, that would tear up more country than if they'd do what they're doing.GC:EC: They wouldn't if they had to dig a hole with a hand shovel or a backhoe, or something where they didn't49
 MR.JM:AND MRS. C H I L E S # 1have to knock all the trees down to get into it.Do you think that one of the things that they could do is give the company a choice of instead of digging another hole, maybe policing up the already existing hole, putting fences in around some of the shafts, filling in some of the holes, and planting grass, and maybe reseeding the area, and use this; and charge this off as an assessment work? Do you think that this would be fair?I think that this would improve things, yes. But I think some of these shafts could be taken care of.I think it could be cut down. They're too destructive. They don't care what they do.If they were given the choice of doing this, do you think this would be a good thing for the country?It would help the country if this was leveled off andGC:EC:JM:GC:planted into grassland.EC: I think it would also help if they worked on eachindividual claim instead of working on a southeast corner and make a hundred claims, make that one spot, do the whole business. That gives the big outfits too big a lead.GC: Yes, but it tears up less country if they do it this way. If they group them together, see, and say there's this mine, say they've got a hundred claims,50
 MR. AND MRS. CHILES #1and there's a mine on this one claim, if they are working this one mine, they're not tearing up country by doing assessment work on the other claims, just this one.EC: Well, they may not be as destructive perhaps, but it still gives the big outfits the edge over the little guy too much I think. They can own too much country by just owning one mine; that's just the size of it. Now you take this Carbon Ridge up here, what's his name, Clinton Oliver? His dad owns that whole thing up there.GC: Dwight Oliver.EC: He's only got two mines that he's ever worked, but itdoes assessment work for the whole darn thing. Well,I don't think that's right.JM: If the citizens of Paradox get pretty interested inthis, do you think there's anything or any way that they could improve the looks of the country up here by legislation?GC: This country here hasn't been hurt too much from the mining, but Monogram has been torn up. Of course there are places where there have been a few roads built where we don't need roads. But Monogram and Island Máesa and a few of these places have roads just so close. It isn't necessary to tear the country up51
    MR. AND MRS. C H I L E S # 1for these roads, just to stake claims, just to hold assessment work.JM: Do you think the people in Paradox would be interested enough in keeping the countr:y in its state right now, to really make an effort to keep the ecology up on it?GC: I think they would if they could, but there's nothing they can do about it right now, without some help.JM: Would they work through the congressman from this area?EC: Oh yes.GC: Because there should be less roads. Monogram andIsland Mesa and even Wray Mesa now is getting in the same shape. They have the roads so ciose that just about every block is crossed. It's just nearly like the city, those roads; looks just like a city place. It's destroying the vegetation. It isn't helping our country really.EC: In some places it doesn't hurt it, but there are places where if I were a cattleman I'd certainly hate to see a bulldozer come into my range and tear up the vegetation.GC: They won't if it's privately owned. They're not allowed to.[END OF INTERVIEW] 52