 EDWARD W. CLYDE Salt Lake City, Utah Tape No. 90An interview by Mitch Haddard August 11, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
    
 Table of ContentsBackground . . 1 Dealings with Uranium Industry . . 2 Problems with Obtaining a Mining Claim. 3 Incidence of Litigation. 4 Problems with Staking Claims on School Sections 16 Conservation and Ecology . . .20 ¥ 28 . 35 . 41 Minerals and Human Resources of U.S. and Others 42Problems Facing Mining Laws Today Land and Mining Laws. . . . Problems with Mining Laws
    
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH EDWARD W. CL YD EOkay, Mister Clyde, the first thing I'd like to know is a little bit about yourself, please.Well, I'm an attorney. I've been practicing law since 1942 and specializing primarily in the field of natural resources.Did you attend law school here at the University of Utah?Yes, I was graduated from the University of Utah Law School in 1942 and have practiced here since then.And how many years did you teach law at the university law school?Oh, I'm not real sure, but I think about twelve; from 1948 to 1960.Now what was your first association with the mining law? Was it in teaching?I suppose the first time I got involved would have been as a student where I took mining law at the university. And then about three or four years after I graduated, I was asked to teach to mining law anddid so for several years, and then later started teaching water law at the university, so that I taught the two subjects for a period of several years.CONDUCTED BY MITCH HADDAD INAUGUST 11, 197 0 [ FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORY PROGRAM]MH:EC:MH:EC:MH:EC:MH:EC:SALT LAKE CITY , UTAH ON
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1MH: Now, in your practice as an attorney, what were someof your dealings with the uranium industry?EC: Not real extensive. The main mining law contacts that I got early were with some of the major steel companies who were involved in the mining primarily of coal, which would have been under the Mineral Leasing Act rather than on the mining claims. At the time when the uranium boom was on, we organized a number of corporations and participated in the sale of the assets between corporations and some sales of stock, although we never did register companies for public sale in this firm. And we had a number of clients who consulted us for preparation of mining location notices, and to help them mark their claimson the ground, and do the things necessary to make a valid claim. I¥ve also had couple of fairly large lawsuits involving mining claims and relocation of them, involving some problems with trust law that resulted in some litigation and the recovery of some valuable iron mining claims for some clients, and that was rather large litigation. I also was a consultant to a large steel company in connection with the contest over some claims where another steel company moved into the mining area. They got into a contest over the validity of claims, and each one2
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1brought numerous building rigs in and numerous crews and tried to hold hundreds of claims until they could get their discoveries. I have consulted some withMH:other lawyers in specialty mining problems, but my own personal contact in the uranium business would not have been extensive. I never did go down there and never tried any litigation involving the validity of uranium mining claims, other than just helping the miners get valid locations, and after they did that, helping them with the corporate work of getting organized and finally disposing of them. This would be about it.What would you say was the major legal problem duringthe uranium boom for these miners?EC: Oh, primarily one of getting valid locations. The lawof mining has always required a discovery. If you didn't have a valid discovery, of course, you didn't have a valid claim. The law has always recognized that there were certain rights of possession. If you moved into possession, you were entitled to a peaceable possession of that area until you have completed your exploration. The law generally restricted that to one man being able to hold control of about one mining claim, which would be about twenty acres. There wasn't too serious a problem of3
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1claim jumping in that sense. In other words, if a man was there, camped, and in possession, and exploring, why, people generally didn't bother him too much in the uranium fields. I think a lot of the problems came from the fact that they couldn't expose the uranium ore in place. They were locating from surface indications and outcrops four or five miles away. They were see a particular formation which was known to carry uranium ore, presumably was under the ground they were locating. They would mark it out on the ground primarily based on the formation. And they didn't have the money to core drill and verify that the formation in fact existed under the land. I think that a great deal of the mining locations that were made were void simply because they didn't have a valid location. I guess that was the main legal problem they had.MH: There's also a problem on claiming over the distinction for uranium whether it should be placer or lode. I mean, basically the laws that were passed were composite in 1872, and they were left the same after that.EC: Yes, there is a little confusion in this area. I've never felt it was a real serious one. Your placer locations were the type of location where you weren't4
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1in solid rock and mineral was not in place. Placer normally is gravel or loose material, alluvial material that's loose and broken. The distinction, I guess, first became important in the gold mining when you had two different ways that gold occurred. In one place it would be in the seam or fracture in solidrock, and that would be a lode. And if you had the lode, why, you had certain rights. You could follow your vein from the apex as it sloped diagonally through the ground. If you were on top of the vein, why, you could follow it outside your own claim and under the claims of others laterally. And, of course, if it was placer, then it was broken material, and you had your claim that went vertically downward. Some confusion arose and contest where you had placer claims and underneath the alluvial or broken material you discover known lodes within your placer location. I didn't see this as a serious problem in the uranium business in Utah because most of the uranium occurred in two formations, the Chinle and the Shinarump which are both a kind of sandstone, as I understand it, and these materials were found as a part of solid rock. I'm not aware in Utah of any great broken masses where you picked it up in gravel or float material, and I think most of the things we did in Utah were5
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1 lodes.MH: I noticed that on several instances large claims--I mean, you know, covering the maximum areas that they could--were classified both as lode and placer. Sometimes these men would double stake them just to be sure, and they said they did that because theyEC:said that the courts weren't really sure.I suppose that you could have a problem as to whether or not the formation you had was a placer or a lode. If it were a lode, why, you could only stake one twenty-acre claim, fifteen hundred feet long, six hundred feet wide. And you had to do the assessmentwork on every claim. Now a placer, you could locate eight of them as a group if you had eight locators, and you could locate according to legal subdivisions and take a quarter section. The assessment work was a lot more favorable. You only had to do one hundred dollars on the eight placer claims. The work was a little bit easier on the placer claims than it was on the lodes. And I suppose there were some people that had doubts about it. I'm not aware of any litigation or any claims being thrown out because the court held that they were lodes and should have been located asplacer or vice versa. There has always been that distinction in the law, and you had to locate a6
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1placer as a placer and a lode as a lode. You had to decide which you had, and if you had material you couldn't tell whether it was mineral in place inrock, if you couldn't determine that, well, I guess if you had great value it would be safer to locate it both ways.MH: So the subject of litigation is something that is essential to mining law or mining practices. It seems like that's mostly what it is. What are the prime areas where litigation is usually brought in?EC: Oh, I don't know that any one predominates. At least it hasn't in my experience. But you start out with a situation where most of the lands that you're concerned with in mining claims, of course, would all be federal lands. And prior to 1919 all minerals were located by filing a mining claim under the initial act of 1866. That was fixed up a little bit in 1872 and has existed from then until now essentially without a change. A lot of minerals were moved out of the mining claim category by the Mineral Leasing Act of 1919. After that you simply made a lease with the federal government, like you do for coal, potash,phosphate, oil, and gas, and things of this kind. If you were clearly on the federal domain, so that you're on public land, the first thing that you had7
  EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1to do to have a valid mining location was to have a discovery. And if somebody wanted to come in and challenge the validity of your claim, that's thefirst thing he tried to do. He tried to say, "I made the discovery and I've dug a tunnel or a drain." Or, "I drilled a hole and I've found rock in place," or,"I've found valuable material and my predecessor didn't. He didn't have a discovery and therefore his claim was void and it was open to location for me." There has been a great deal of litigation both between contending miners, and recently there's been a lot between the federal government and the miner. The federal government is trying to clean up and getrid of all these old mining claims that are in national forests and other federally withdrawn lands, and the mining claimant goes in and does his assessment work every year. The federal government says he never did have a valid mining location and wants to get the claim declared void and get the property back to the forest or the other withdrawal department. So the contests over discovery were of two kinds. They were one miner another against the other; the second miner asserting the first miner didn't have a valid discovery and therefore his claim was void and the land was still open to location. I8
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1mean, that's the first type of litigation you get. The second type of litigation you've got is after you make a discovery, you have a period of time before you have to mark your claim on the ground. And what you try to do, at least on a lode claim, is to try toget the long part of your claim, the fifteen hundred feet along the vein because your right to follow the vein downward--the vein seldom goes straight downward. They go down at an angle 20 degrees or 45 degrees, but not straight. And therefore, if you get on top of your vein and start following it through the solid rock, almost certainly you're going to get out of your sidelines. The mining law gave you the right to do this, and if you got your claim located wrong, so that it was not squarely along the vein, and often you can't see the which way it's going through the country--your endlines could become your sidelines. And your right to follow the vein might be confined to six hundred feet rather than fifteen hundred feet along it. So after you make your discovery, the law gives you a period of time to work and you can turn your claim 360 degrees for a while before it becomes fixed.What's the time limit allowed?MH:EC: I'm rusty on it and I'm not sure. I think it's thirty9
   EDWARD W. CLYDE #1days. But there is a fixed limit that you can swing your claims on your discovery. And the objective of swimming would be to get the long part of your claim along the top of the vein so you follow it along asit declines into the ground.MH: Does this come into extralateral rights and apexrights?EC: That's just what I'm describing. The apex is the topof the vein, and if you've got the apex, you can follow the vein. And the extralateral right means you can get out of your sidelines by following the vein. And if you've got the top of the vein, why, you can do that even though you're encroaching over into a senior location. If that guy is over there on the side of the vein and you're on the apex, why, your apex rights lets you follow the vein into the ground and you try to get fifteen hundred feet of it thatyou can follow. And so you get litigation over that. There's a lot of litigation over whether you have the apex or not. The vein just doesn't occur all that clear. I guess if you could slice the earth and take a look at it, you could determine where they are. But you can't. And working from the few places where you've got the vein is exposed, you can have a lot of litigation over who in fact has got the apex.10
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1MH: How is this type of litigation usually decided? Itseems like a very vague area.EC: Oh, geologically they do a lot of dri ll i ng andgeologists interpret it, and sometimes a vein isn't just a clear cut thin line of mineral. It goes down like a slab of mineral into the earth. It has many fingers, and these fingers all- lead together. And you may as you come up have ten veins surfacing on the surface and as you follow each one of them down, why, then they all may come to a common slab down inside the earth. And it's a very complex area of the law and a very complex factual situation, but you have to try to establish that you have the apex which is at the top of the vein. And if you can clearly prove you've got it, and the burden is on you to prove it. You have to stay within the lines of your claim if you can't prove you've got the apex.MH: Haven't several people lost their claims over this question?EC: Yes, if they're 1ocated down by the sideline, why, the guy with the apex can come down under them and mine the ore. And if you can't prove you've got the apex, then you just have to stay within your own claim; either you prove it or you don't. And that's another area of litigation. And another one still11
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1would be a question of whether you've done the required assessment work. The concept of both western water and western mining law was that our national goal was to cause the West to settle and theresources of the nation to be developed and consumed. And we, I guess from the very beginning of the nation, adopted essentially a free land policy. We gave the land to people to get them to join the colonial army, and we gave free land for wagon roads and canal systems in the East. We later gave freeland to encourage the railroads to build, giving them every other section sometimes as much as forty miles wide along the whole strip. And we had liberal laws where you acquire title under Homestead Acts and Desert Entry Acts and other land acts. Our philosophy was to encourage people to spend their time and money in finding minerals and developing them. Finding was only part of it; the second half of the formula was that you had to develop them. So if you weren't diligent after you found it in the development, then they would forfeit your claim. And diligence was manifest by doing at least a hundred dollars worth of work per claim annually and filing the proof that you had done it. And a lot of arguments as to whether or not the type of things they did were work. Surveys,12
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1for example, building of roads, assays, and things of this kind as distinguished from things that clearly are work in the diligent production of the claim, like exploratory holes and tunnels and shafts. And there has been a lot of litigation as to whether the claim was forfeited for lack of diligence.MH: Well, can that, too, be attributed to the vagueness of Utah law? I know your sections--EC: No, no, it's federal law. The federal law required the annual assessment work. I think the general holding is that we're dealing with federal property; the base land for a mining claim is federal land, and the power to dispose of federal land is clearly with Congress and the federal laws are clearly dominant in this area. If there were any conflict between federal and state law, the federal law would control. Now sometimes in order to provide against breaches of the peace and to provide definite certainty in title, the state makes it more onerous, more difficult what is required from the federal law. But if they require a great deal more, why, the state requirements may be void because it is federal property and Congress is telling citizens of the nation how they can acquire title to the federal property. Now the final areawhere you' re getting into more 1i tigation today I 13
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1think than any other is on whether you can go to patent. You can hold possession of a mining claim andjust mine it out forever; just totally mine it out without ever going to patent. If you just open it up and diligently and continuously work it. But if you have periods of economic decline where it's profitable to mine a particular ore today, and thenit becomes unprofitable for reasons like wars or demand for different metals and so on, and so you close it down for a while and you claim can be lost. And the way to avoid this is while you're in commercial production to apply for a patent. There's some litigation now over in Colorado over efforts of some people who filed mining claims on oil shale, which today can only be acquired under the Mineral Leasing Act. It can't even be acquired that way now. It's been withdrawn from mineral leasing since Herbert Hoover's day. But when it's restored, if it ever is, to private entry and private development, why, it'll be under the Mineral Leasing Act. So what we have are a group of mining claims that were filed before the Mineral Leasing Act which have been kept alive by doing the annual assessment work. Now we've reached a point in time where it appears to be economic to mining companies to acquire the title to14
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1these oil shale mines. So an effort's being made to patent them now based on discoveries that may have been made and may have been located back as early as the early 1900s. In most cases there are being challenged by the federal government which is saying you didn't have a commercial discovery or didn't havethe required discovery when you made your discovery and you haven't had diligence since. You're not entitled to any longer have a valid mining claim and you can't go to patent. This is being litigated. There's a lot of litigation taking place over the nation by people who located on what are now called common varieties of minerals that were clearly open to location once and after the Common Varieties Act aren't. These are building stone, sand and gravel, and certain kinds of common clays. There was a time when you could acquire these by a mining location and probably the law in some instances was abused. People would go in and pick a particularly scenic site in the forest overlooking a lake or a stream orsomething that was really attractive, not because of its mining potentials, but because of a surface beauty, or surface location. This has occurred to some extent down in the Las Vegas area where the state of Nevada gave up its school sections many15
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1years ago. You only have two classes of land in Nevada. You have the federal land, which is approximately 90 percent of all of the state of Nevada, and you have some private land. But we've have had inadequate public laws to get the lands out of the federal government into the hands of private ownership so that cities like Las Vegas can develop. And so there have been many, many gravel claims filed on the hills around Las Vegas before the Common Varieties Act. And now these people are trying to get to patent with these claims, so they can get the ownership, not necessarily to mine the gravel. I guess some of them are in good faith and do, but I think primarily they want to get title of the land, so they can go on and develop against this developing city. So there's a lot of litigation over getting to patent. It's probably a bigger field of litigation right now than anything else.MH: Uh huh. You stated that contests in Nevada like over school sections. Well, also in Utah, like during the uranium boom, wasn't there a lot of difficulty over like men staking out the school section? Utah's never given up theirs, have they?EC: No, some cases they've never vested either. School sections vest when you survey. And if you're in a16
 EDWARD W. CL YDE # 1township that hasn't yet been surveyed, why the title doesn't pass from the federal government to the state. It's just an inchoate right on the part of thestate to get the school section when the survey is completed. In a lot of instances we have locations withdrawn; the locations is wrong, we have areas withdrawn, such as the withdrawal for Lake Powell. Or we have a big area withdrawn like the Navajo Indian Reservation when that was given to the Navajos by a treaty. If these occurred before the land had been surveyed, then the state of Utah didn't get a school section, and after the survey they still didn't get them because they had been withdrawn. And an act of Congress was passed telling the state it could have the equivalent acreage, but it had to take it somewhere else. And so Utah had what we call "lieu lands." Lands which was selected in 1ieu of the school sections that it lost. It still has many thousands of acres to select because of the school sections that it lost. So down in these unsurveyed areas, you would indeed have a problem if somebody located on something that would become a school section when surveyed, and you had made a mining location. And thereafter the survey came into effect and the state got a school section, then there would17
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1be the question as to whether it got it subject of the mining claim which would be true if the mining claim were valid, or whether it got it free from theschool claim if a mining claim were not valid. In this area you have another problem that--it's really developed in regard to oil, but there's no reason it couldn't be developed in regard to uranium, and that's the aboriginal rights of the Indians. When they found the Aneth oil field in southern Utah, the area had been surveyed and the discovery of oil from the Aneth oil field was under a state oil and gas lease by the Shell Oil Company. They drilled the section out fully. I think under the spacing order they could drill sixteen wells per section, and I think all sixteen wells had been drilled, at least all that were in the field. And then the Indian tribe came along and said that this land had been settled by the Navajos prior to the time that there had been any reservations or anything else, and that they had certain aboriginal rights as the Indians that had settled in this particular country to the extent thatIndians in their customarily in their tribal habits do settle in an area. And so the title to the state of Utah was challenged. And the Indians claiming it never vested because the aboriginal rights got in18
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1ahead of the survey. And I think that's still being litigated, and I think they oil royalties out of that particular section are still being impounded to determine whether the state of Utah gets them or whether the Indians do. Now this left the oilcompanies without a valid lease. If their lease from the state was their only claim to the land and the state ultimately loses that lawsuit, then they didn't have a lease with the Indians, so they wrongfully took the oil. And instead of paying one-eighth as a royalty and keeping seven-eights, they may have to give the Indians all of it back--eight-eights. And so the oil companies that drilled the section had to go to the Indians and negotiate a lease, which they were able to do and which Congress ratified. So they have a lease from the state on the one hand, and a lease from the Indians on the other, and they're paying the royalties into a fund that's being impounded. There would be no reason why you couldn't have the same title problem on a mining claim. Somebody claiming aboriginal Indian rights ahead of the entry of a mining claim. And I'm not aware of that ever having happening, but I suppose if you got a valuable enough piece of property, why, it's a possibility.MH: Now you mentioned on several occasions like policies 19
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1of the government, which, you know, present legal problems. Like, I know you have for unpatented and patented mining claims you have the Department of Interior attitude; in other areas you have the Bureau of Indian affairs; in other areas you have, what, say, the rising trend toward ecology. How do all these government attitudes affect the law?EC: Well, the United States Supreme Court has held on a very great number of occasions that the federal government got these federal lands as a proprietor rather than as a government, and that they own thesefederal lands in the same sense that they own thepost office buildings.MH: Just an interpretation of the Constitution, right?EC: That's an interpretation of the Constitution. TheConstitution didn't give the federal government ownership of any land because it was a government; it acquired it because it purchased it; the Louisiana Purchase, the Gadsden Purchase and others. And so it owned it as a proprietor. Now in addition, it has certain governmental police powers over it to control things like the ecology, but Congress could do anything it wanted to do with the federal land. It could sell it or withhold it from sale; it could lease it, or withhold it from lease; and it could20
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1pass any kind of laws to dispose of it that it pleased. The United States Supreme Court has said many, many times that the discretion of Congress in this area is without any limitation at all becauseit's the proprietary owner and Congress is the agency that speaks for the government. Now these other departments ought to only be doing what Congress wants them to do. If Congress spells out what the law is, and these other departments that are charged with giving patent or administering the laws of Congress ought to follow the law of Congress. You get down to judicial question of what Congress intended, and that's why these things get to the court. But there isn't any doubt in my mind but what a lot of the departments tightened up what they think Congress meant in requiring you to have a discovery andcommercial production and the things necessary to get a title because it's become much more difficult now to get title than it used to be, and there's some foot-dragging. But if Congress really meant what the courts of fifty years ago were holding that it meant, then you can force the Department of Interior, the Department of Agriculture or the Department of Indian Affairs to go along with what Congress says because it's the Congressional power and not the department21
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1that controls. And what Congress meant is a judicial question for the courts. Many of these refusals on the part of the department to go along with what the mining people think that the Congress did intend isfinding its way into the courts. And, of course, the courts change, too. Their attitude of extreme liberality without any change in the law of Congress can be met by a different set of judges in a different context of time and governmental goals; and without any change in the act of Congress, why, you can find a stiffening of attitude among the courts. And I think that's happening. I think you are being denied patents now on evidence that would have gotten you a patent either through the department or through the courts fifty years ago. I think there are some attitudes that are changing that probably would indicate we're going to get some changes in the law.MH: Now it seems that the influence of pressure groups are a different.EC: I think it's a changing national goal. I think that in a period of time in our national society where the concept of first in time is first in right, and you reward the resource to the person who is firstwilling to spend the money and resources to get it. That was a real good policy to get the West settled,22
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1and I think it served its purpose very well. I think probably in all the history of mankind, we read about the depression in this country in the 1930s when the major concern of all mankind had to be focused onjust the things you do to keep alive: the shelter, the food, and the fiber you need to sustain 1ife. With the depression I think this nation marshalled all of its assets and all of its brains and all ofits resources in an effort to free the economy from economic want. And we did so in the sense that we have the ability to produce more than the nation is able to consume. We've done a poor job I think in some areas on distribution. But if you turned the productive power of this nation loose, why, it could outproduce anything that we could ever use--cars, television, metals, or anything else that you could think of we can produce. And production now no longer ought to be our only goal. If you produce more, why, the more automobiles you produce, the more you've got to dispose of. A highly oriented consumer societyjust by the very nature of the animal, produces pollution problems worse than anywhere else. If you produce more electric power, and you're burning more coal which befouls the air, if you do it in particular way, you're producing thermal heat that23
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1you've got to get rid of some way. It doesn't matter what you do in production, you produce waste. And so the very thing that caused us to solve the problems of production also has caused us to have an adverse effect on our environment. I think that we're now sensing that maybe production isn't entitled to a monopoly of social purpose. While I think none of us wants to change the things that made the nation as great as it is in production, I think we now want to make production an accommodate to some other social goals. But some of these other social goals are theecology. You're beginning to get some very effective strip mining laws. Kentucky is one state that has led the way. And there are Mineral Leasing Act minerals. You're beginning to get some tough ecology controls written into the leases. And the leases that are old, they all come up for renewal periodically. The period is normally twenty years. And when they come up for renewal, why, the department is putting in some fairly tough language, requiring them to clean up after themselves, control air and water pollution. The federal government is funding many projects. It funds most of our big western reclamation water projects. And in all the contracts that I have seen the department's writing in bolder language that you24
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1won't deliver water to people if you're polluting the environment. You withhold the benefits of the projectfrom people that downgrade the water standards or the air or the other things, so that the federal government is using its financial power where it funds projects to control them. It's using its proprietary ownership of the land to control ecology, and, of course, it has its police power where it cancontrol what you can do on private land if what you're doing is harmful to the society as a whole, so that they're moving on at least three fronts. They're using their police powers, and then I guess there are a lot of areas where they're using things like tax incentives, research, and things of this kind to accomplish other goals other than production. And I think this is going to affect the mining industry. There isn't any doubt but what back in 1860 and 1870 when you could cross the West only with great personal discomfort and some risk even just to survive if you went across it, but a system of law that would encourage settlement, production, and exploitation was good. And I don't think it's any longer true. I don't know that it's desirable now that every waterfall be caught at the head of a waterfall and put in a pipeline. Even though you want25
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1to consumptively use the water, we can get the pressure we need, not by catching the waterfall at the head, but by catching the water at the bottom and putting a pump on it. And maybe that better serves the public nature. I don't know that it's desirable that we strip mine. I certainly don't think it is in the areas of great value like the Sawtooth Mountainsor the Cascades. There certainly was a period of time in the development of ever natural resource we've got where the industries were not good conservationists. They cut the fcrests and burned them because there wasn't any market for the timber, and they wanted to cultivate the land. We didn't have any control over the oil industry, and the law was who got there first with the most. In the fields in east Texas, they put the wells so close together you can go across the fields and never get off the derricks. They didn't have a market, so they pumped the oil into surface reservoirs and polluted the steams and caused fire hazards, and oil went down to ten cents a barrel. I mean, it was a fiasco because of the industry, we simply wasted. And the mining industry was not controlled and still isn't in some senses. You go into a coal mine, and if you don't mine out all theseams as you go through it, why, you can probably26
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1never economically afford to come back. And if you got a big coal mine, and you can stay on the one seam that's ten feet thick and just forget everything that fingers out away from you, and just waste it and go by, and to sustain the roof, they often leave loose pillars of coal and then as they come out of the mine they jerk the pillars and the mine collapses ultimately behind them, well, these two or three orfour foot bands of coal never become economic to go back in and get. They're wasted for all time. Under a Mineral Leasing Act, you can say, "When you go in there we want you to recover all the coal that's economically recoverable." But totally absent from any requirement 1ike this, why, you go in and just mine that which is most profitable and waste the rest of it. And oil field can nearly always be only produced if you have some kind of natural pressure, a water drive, a gas and solution drive, or something that causes the oil to leave the rock formation and come up the well stand. And if you don't produce an oil well properly, why, you waste the energy that produces it. If you waste the energy that produces it, why, you leave thousands of barrels, millions of barrels in the ground unproduced. I'm not completely abreast of what the technology is now, but I think in27
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1the ordinary oil field, even with our secondary recoveries where we pump water in to increase the pressure, or we reinsert natural gas or solvents, I still think we're only producing about a third of the oil. About two-thirds of it stays underground. We don't know how to get it out; we don't know how to produce it.MH: So then in essence reclamation is one of the major problems facing mining law today?EC: Well, we can dig deeper. We have larger shovels, we have shovels that will lift sixty, seventy, eighty yards in a single bite. We've got conveyor belts and processes where we can economically mine lower grade ore. But basically we're mining and consuming the resources of the earth, and I guess maybe we haven'tfinished exploring the bottom of the sea, and I guess we haven't gone as deep as we could go yet. I guess we haven't finished our technology on low grade ores. But certainly when you are given indefinite time, you have to begin to become concerned whether we aren't finally going to consume all the resources of the earth that are economically producible and get ourselves into a natural resource bind. And to me it certainly requires that we wisely use the resources that we use, that we don't flare the gas by burning28
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1it in the field because that's the best way to produce the oil, and the gas isn't worth a pipeline, that you don't produce the resources before they're ready to produce, so that we don't waste them until it's economic to do so. And when you go in you produce them all and when you get through, you restore the ground and don't let mine acid get into the streams. The forests have to produced on a sustained yield basis. We need to plant as much as we cut. If we don't start doing these types of things, why--I say "don't start," I mean, we have been doingit, but if this isn't a gradual thing that we continue to do and do well, why, we will get into trouble in the resource field. Most of the resources are not renewable. Maybe when all the fossil fuels are used up, we will solve the problems of nuclear fuel or solar energy or something like this where we don't need it. The resources that are still available to us are very, very vast. We're no where near running out of them yet, but I do think that we have, both from the standpoint of intelligent use of the resources we have to have laws that will require us not to waste either the resource itself or the energy used to produce it. And we must not produce one particular material to the detriment of the general29
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1ecology. You can have one area in Utah where they have tremendous beds of potash, the biggest, I guessin all the world. And at least in one area there's an oil field underneath. And if you simultaneously mine the potash and produce the oil, there is a great danger that the potash will shift--it's a (?)plastic- -and cut the oil line off. And if you produce the oil up into the potash, you create a danger for the men mining and you also waste the potash. The problem of eeping a big enough pillar and double casing the well, or maybe not producing the potash at all if the oil is produced--may make it possible to produce both. But if you fragment the ownership, as we do. We sell the mineral rights to on and the surface rights to another.MH: With the Multiple Use Act, right?EC: Yeah. And we do it in private ownership. And now likeI do. I have a ranch right on the surface and somebody else pawns the underground. And if you don't have any controls on how you use these resources, the production of one can destroy the other. It will permit you to get the maximum out of both. There's an old common law or rule that you couldn't appropriate certain classes of underground water. The reason they gave for it was that it was unknown where it would30
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1go, and it was impossible to develop a system of law to control it. And so if you had a conflict between somebody that had water out of a drain, a well, or a tunnel, and somebody drilled an abling well, or a tunnel, or a mining excavation of some kind and dried up the source of water supply, we gave complete precedence to the owner of the land. I mean, we coulddestroy a neighboring water supply at will because in England water was plentiful and the land was scarce. And we developed the rule of law when there's a conflict between the use of water and the use of land, why, we give dominance to the land. In the West that doesn't seem to me to make any sense at all; land is plentiful and water scarce. And I think it's possible under rule of reason to develop both of them. I think we need to have laws where you develop your mining properties in a way that you don't befoul, destroy, dry up, or otherwise deprive peopleof water. They are each important. I think that it's important in our mining laws that we don't permit people to scar the surface. Coal is the worst, butmany of them if you have these big open pit mines, and you dispose of the residue, you create dust and you create some danger from floods. You may create water pollution. And certainly if you don't do a lot31
 E D WA R D W . C L Y D E # 1of expenditure, you hurt the aesthetics of the area. The old mining laws took none of these into account. You'd go out and if you found mineral in place or youfound a placer mining claim that a prudent miner would work, he would make a mining location, and he had an absolute right to get a title. Before he got the title we permitted him to do anything he pleased- -to scar up or destroy the environment. Now this hasnever been necessary because even in my use of my own private land, I am .subject to the .Police powers of the state and federal governments. They can tell me by zoning whether I can built a house or a boiler factory. They can do many other things. They can stop me from doing something on it that emits a noxious odor. Or they can stop me from using my land in a way that creates obnoxious or loud noises. And they can stop me from polluting the public streams. My ownership of the piece of land doesn't give me the absolute right to do any of these things. And in the same sense, the ownership of a mining claim never really gave the mining claimant the right to do anything except the right to destroy the mining claim. And then we came along with the oil and gas conservation laws and said you can't even do that even though you own the oil field. The public has an32
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1interest in not having their resource wasted. And so even though it's your gas, you can't burn it and waste it. The public has an interest in seeing that the resource is used. And even though it's your oil, you can't put it in a surface reservoir and waste it. And even though it's your coal mine, you can't mineit so as to waste the fragments that aren't the most economic to develop. In other words, the concept that the public has an interest in the way private land is used is at least as old as 1900. And we just haven't really caught up with it, and as a result there are still some things that are done that hurt the ecology in mining. But I think the concepts of private ownership even under the old mining law wouldn't permit, if the police powers were properly executed. But you can't do it. And I think we've long since reached the point where a majority of American people think that production is our only problem. I think we will see a big shift in this area of the law where ecology will become more and more important. There is very little law yet where the only thing protected is the aesthetics. If that's the only thing you do, why, the courts customarily kick it out. But I think we'll reach a point in time where the court will determine that aesthetics is a legal interest that the law can33
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1and should protect. The penthouse is still the most valuable unit in an apartment. A piece of land against a river still has more value than a piece of land not against the river. And one overlooking the ocean is more valuable than one that's equally conveniently located, but can't see the ocean. And there are property values that are tied to aesthetics. A house that overlooks a cemetery won'tsell very well. I mean it does reflect itself in property values, and I don't know why it can't be protected. And I don't really think that the present mining law turns the miner totally loose. I think he's still subject to all the police powers of the state and federal governments. The state and federal government have just got to make up their mind to use them. It's simply a rule of property. It's a way that you can accomplish the transfer of property ownership from the federal government into private ownership. And I think that's a desirable thing to do. It's desirable still to have private enterprise to develop our resources. Whether or not you need to give him the absolute title, I have some doubts. Maybe you could say, "Well, go on in and mine the gold or the uranium or what be it, and when it's all mined out restore the surface, then turn it back to the United34
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1States and we'll reallocate the resource to somebody else." That the problem. The resource allocation isimportant. I don't suppose we've ever had a society in all the history of the world where you tried to support the economy on only part of the land. If the land got tied up with too small a group where great numbers had to support themselves on small fragments of land, I guess we had revolutions more frequently in this area to accomplish land reforms probably than any single purpose because land is the source of all wealth. There isn't anything you can conduct without it. Some land is necessary for anything you do. And all true wealth has its origin in land--in the broad sense land is water and these resources.MH: So then in essence when you're talking about land law, you're actually talking about one of the most basic laws in the United States?EC: Yes, I think the manner in which a state or a nation uses it resources--and it isn't just the use and the consumption and the production of them, but the damage you permit to be done to the society in the production cycle. And the way you distribute the benefits from the use of this land among the people has always been fundamentally definite, and I think it always will be. I think if you really want to35
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1study what really makes a nation interesting, why, go and look at the law that that society has adopted to permit individuals access to land. It's the fundamental guts of the system of government.MH: So this leads me to a final question. In your opinion then, are the laws, the mining laws, the land laws of the United States antiquated for the needs of the twentieth-century society?EC: They're not antiquated in the sense that they won't accomplish the goals that they were originally intended to accomplish. They'll still accomplish those goals. I just don't think those goals are our correct goals anymore. If you accept the concept-- it's a very big concept, I guess. My idea is that the land is in federal ownership ought to be kept public, basically, because I think that open space and the ability to escape what I call people fatigue and noise pollution and to have some natural conditions that our parks are no longer big enough to accommodate, I think we have to have multiple use of land. You don't have multiple use of land once you have private ownership. My land--I have several ranches and all of them would adapt themselves reasonably well to hunting, fishing, and picnicking, and the cattle operation and resort use I put it to.36
 EDWARD W. CL YDE # 1But my interest is cattle raising, and picnickers and fishermen disturb my cattle. And motivated as I am, IMH:just kick them off. But this couldn't happen in federal ownership. I mean, you could preserve hunting, and fishing, and the use of the forests, and the sustained yield of the timber, and many other things.So then in essence, even though you ' re an owner, you're saying that there should be restriction up on you?EC: Yeah, I really think we should. And I think the restrictions that are on me ought to be such--I think that the basic wealth of a nation is its land and natural resources, and I think that you can accomplish national goals by how you use those resources. I think a nation has to assess for itself what its goals are, and then it can determine whether the particular manner in which it's permitting the access to land both public and private is accomplishing those goals or frustrating them. Even private land you can hit pretty hard with inheritance taxes, and so on in many other things. But I think that a nation has to determine what it's willing to do. I 1ike the concept of private property, but I don't like the concept that because you own something37
  EDWARD W. CL YDE # 1privately, you can do as you damn please without any regard for the rest of society. I don't think that's a correct concept. We've got about--oh, I guess nearly a third of the nation is still publicly owner. A lot of it's in use, but I guess there's some seven hundred million acres of land that's in federalownership. And I think if you add to its police powers, its powers as a proprietor, it can do a lot of things as a proprietor that it can't do as a police power. And I guess I favor the keeping of the land in federal ownership because it can accomplish what I see today's national goals are. And I think. the mining laws which I still think we have to encourage people to hunt for oil. I think that the depletion allowance probably to some extent is still justified in the mineral industry. You can't get them to explore and spend their money to find a mineral that is still harder to find than it ever was without the incentives that the government has given in tax law and other law, and one of the incentive is to let them have the title. I don't know whether we have to go quite that far anymore, but I do think that we've reached a point in time when we do need to reexamine what our national goals are. And if we can get a correct reading on that, then I think we can38
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1determine whether the way we're handling our land law both private and public accomplishes those goals. Ifit does, they're good laws; if it doesn't, they're bad laws. But my approach is to establish the goals first and then make the laws fit. The law we're now working under had goals that were exploitative and consumptive in production. Now they were good laws for those goals, but I don't think those are our goals anymore. And believing that, I do think thereought to be a lot of changes in the way in which we use land, and my changes all come out into the field of the protection of the ecology which I feel that we can afford to do.MH: So then in essence it all goes back to statement you said you can actually see the guts of a country by its land laws, or its mining laws?I think you can. This is one of the things I do as I travel the world. And a lot of people go look at the cathedrals, but I think I can learn more about a country if I get with a local lawyer and he can tellEC:MH:me how this nation permits its people access to land, its resources. I think it tells you an awful lot about the health and well-being of the country.That. leads me to a question. How then does the United States then fare up?39
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1EC: Well, I think it has been very good because from thetime we first settled the nation we have had a frontier and we have had a policy of a cheap law, cheap land. And until relatively recent times we really hadn't had a welfare problem and a problem of extreme poor and slums. I guess we've had slums, but it hasn't been a problem like it's been in the old countries that hasn't had one because a man with his health and an axe and a plow could go to the frontier and he could make a living of sorts. And I think one of the reasons why the nation has started two hundred years ago and has gone right up to the pinnacle is because of the tremendous resources we've had and the policies we've adopted in regard to permitting the people of the nation to have access to these resources. I think that's why this nation is as great as it is. We've had a great piece of geography and that we've had laws that have made these resources available to all of the people--cheap law, cheap land and ready access to it, so that any guy with a little initiative and courage could move to the frontier and carve himself an empire. I mean, I think that's how we've done it. Now the frontier is gone, and the slurns and the other problems are coming. The land laws we've had in the past I don't think are adequate40
 EDWARD W. CLYDE #1for the problems of today. I really do think that just isn't a question of property. I think it's going to add flavor and color to our whole society.MH: A question of aesthetics, then, as you said?EC: It's aesthetics and production and distribution, andwhat we're going to for our people--MB: Possibly morality?EC: Yeah, I even think that's involved. I really don'tthink that we have a society now that is capable of spreading the affluence of America to all of its people. The gap between the rich and the poor is wider than it's ever been. This concept of rugged individualism and the exploitation and production in the consumer society has brought us where we are. I would de-emphasize that now and get over into this other area. I think we've got to make the same kind of a marshalling of our assets and our resources and our brainpower in what I call the humanities--and that may not be a very good term--as we did in the field of production and freedom from economic want in the depression, as we did in science when Russia launched Sputnik. If we order our priorities right, we have the ability to come in and solve production or get to the moon, but we just never made the effort in the field of hurnanities that has to be made.41
 EDWARD W. CL YDE # 1That's where our problems are today. And to solve those problems--poverty is frequently described in terms of lack of space. I mean, that's one of the best ways you express poverty is a family of ten in aone-room house. The way we use our land resource is going to have a heck of a lot to do with whether or not we solve our human relations problems. And I just don't mean access to national parks and playgrounds, but--MH: To mineral resource and--?EC: To mineral resource, to the affluence, and to theecology, the air we breath, the water, and the things we do in these areas. I think it's a problem that's wider than the mining laws. I think it's the impact of what our national goals are.MH: And yet mining law is a very technical thing and yet it is the thing that does--mining law and land law are the two areas that completely govern the resources and the land of this country.[END OF SIDE ONE OF TAPE] EC: If you add water to it--MH: Yeah, okay--EC: --I think that pretty well gets it.MH: Then those three areas are pretty technical, aren'tthey, as far as the extent of the law?42
 EDWARD W. CL YDE # 1EC: Yeah, but if you said these are the national goals,now let's fix the laws so they accomplish these oals, then you're not just looking at what the narrow rule of property ought to be in a fight between you and me, and should I get the asset or should you get the asset? That no longer ought to be the problem. Whateffect do you and I competing with each other have on the public, and what effect will I have on the public if I get access to this resource under this law? Will it be beneficial to the public or will it be detrimental? And how do you determine that? Well, that is back on the question of what are our national goals. And if our national goals are to remain production, then we don't need any change in the law because they encourage production and consumption. Now if you say that those are not our national goals, why then the law needs to be changed. And I happen to think that they're not out national goals any more. I think we've accomplished them and I don't think we ought to destroy what we've accomplished.to production, but it has quite a bit of value to society. So it disturbs me that the poorest societies we've known in all the world created all the world'sWe're kind of at reevaluation phase then?MH:EC: Yeah, I think art doesn't have any particular value43
 EDW ARD W. CL YDE # 1art treasury. Like the people back in the days of Michelangelo and right at the beginning of the rebirth of Europe. Why did we get al1 the artists that built the great cathedrals, and all the great statues and all the great paintings and most of the great music? Why did that come at that time? Why can't we now build something that isn't functional? If you want to go in and find something with a big lobby and ornate decoration and something that is really beautiful, why, it wasn't built today. We built it back when we didn't have the assets and the great wealth we have accumulated now. Right now we just build steel and glass, and the corridors are no wider than necessary for function. The concept of building the things that are the great masterpieces in the aesthetic sense in the world today were all built by a poor society. Our rich society hasn't built any of them. I think this is a question of goals, a question of values. I think we could build the great cathedrals of Europe that they built five hundred years ago today easier than they built them. Maybe they did it with oppression of slavery and obedience to the churches and so on at that time and by maintaining a class of people very, very poor. But it wouldn't be very hard to do those things today.44
 EDWARD W. CL YDE # 1The nicest hotel I think in Hawaii, in Waikiki, is the Royal Hawaiian. It has great big spacious lobbiesMH:and really charming. But it was built a long, long time ago. You go look at anything they built new, andit's purely functional.Uh huh. That's similar to mining operations in a way, too--any big company or any mineral operation todayis that's it's functional. It's just there.EC: Well, as long as the profit motive is the sole approach to what we do in society, why, this is what you do. But if the large corporation starts to take the responsibility for some of the sociological and human values, the profits remain important, but training a hundred hard-core people and building a park in addition to building an office. And even though it downgrades the profits we build, a plant that has aesthetic qualities, that's pleasing to the eye and is rid of the noise, then profit no longer is king and these other goals are given a certain emphasis. Then you might be able to get back to the things that were done. I was over in Rome not toolong ago, and everything that I saw that was beautiful was built four or five hundred years ago, and everything they were building now was crummy, crackerbox.45
   EDWARD W. CLYDE #1MH: Historically that reminds me of Robert Owens, a manwho spent extra time and money, you know, to make his factories, you know, workable--no child labor and all this. And really suffered for it economically but in the end he won.EC: Well, I think the nation can afford to do these things, but--I guess I had better quit--I've got a guy waiting out here.[END OF INTERVIEW]46