  EUGENE CRAMERLos Angeles, California Tape No. 85An interview by Linda West August 31, 1971American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 
 Table of ContentsBreeder Reactors . . Research..... . Breeder Reactors . . Sites.Safety and Health Standards Contamination and Waste ... Arguments Against Reactors. Procedures..Safety.Atomic Energy Commission.1 3 5. . . 12. . . 14¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 2030 . . . 41 ¥ ¥ ¥ 43 ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 45
 
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH EUGENE CRAMER, CONDUCTED BY LINDA WEST A T THE EDISON B U I L D I N G , LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA ON 31 AUGUST 1970.LW: How far are you along in developing a breeder reactor?EC: Well, we are not developing the breeder itself. Okay. Number one, no utility has the manpower or has the financial capability for doing that. And here's a good time to get on the soap box a little bit. Utilities by themselves are bound by what we call a rate structure. In other words, the electrical manufacturers in this country and abroad do the development of equipment. We do the buying and the using of the equipment. This is kind of a symbiotic relationship. We work together. We are franchises; by state and local government, we are only allowed to charge certain things to a customer. And one of the things that we aren't allowed to charge for is research and development. And the reason for this is because we are supposed to provide a service as economically as possible. Bang! That's it. Now, the electrical manufacturers, like Westinghouse and G.E., they're in business to make a profit, and that's a little bit different, so they can afford to take risks. They can afford, say, to go out and spend fifty million dollars on developing a piece ofequipment in advance of any sales. And then, by
  EUGENE CRAMER # 1golly, when it sells, they get all their money back and more. we can't do that. About all we can do is buy equipment, put it together into a generating distribution system and sell electricity. If we want to take any research and development expenditures, itcomes out of the profits, and our profits are regulated at about something like 7.75 percent. So, you know, in these days when you can't borrow money for 8 or 9 percent, and we only make a 7 percent profit, you know, we're behind the eightball in doing research and development. We do what we can, and it's strictly a particular system. Well, take our air pollution problems. We burn oil, we burn natural gas. When nitrogen goes through that flame, it combines with oxygen and produces nitrogen oxide. Okay? So we've had comparatively minor research programs. I say comparatively because they've been in the area of a million dollars, whereas big research programs are on the order of eighty million or more. So we've had comparatively minor research programs. I say comparatively because they've been in the area of a million dollars, whereas big research programs are onthe order of eighty million or more. So we've had some research programs for that strict purpose because we could charge the customer for that2
 EUGENE CRAMER #1research. Research for developing a breeder, you couldn't charge and we just wouldn't have the profit necessary to bring it off.LW: Then, do you contract other companies such as Atomics International and Westinghouse to do your research for you?EC: Exactly. Exactly. In this particular case, since the development of atomic power has been such a gigantic task, it's been a government task, and what the utilities have done--well, the sodium reactor experiment is a good example. Now partly through Atomics International funds, partly through government funds, they were able to build a reactor. So what did we do? We took about a four of five million dollar turbine to use the heat and to demonstrate that the reactor and turbines could be meshed. Now that was our contribution. Call it research and development? Well, not really. We provided a service to show that it could work together. Right now the Atomics International people are carrying on this research and developmentprogram. We're chipping in twenty-five thousand a year, and that's only a drop in the bucket. But all of these little drops help. So maybe out of the ten utilities that are cooperating in this program with3
 EUGENE CRAMER #1Atomics International, they' re getting maybe a quarter of a million a year. And they're getting maybe ten million a year from the government, and they're chipping in corporate funds, I have no idea how much. So that all goes together.LW: Do you have any contracts with Westinghouse or G.E. say, for atomic research?EC: No, we have other re.search contracts in electrical apparatus, for example, but they're not for the breeder. Now we have an arrangement with General Electric. In the General Electric breeder program they have a sort of a deal whereby if you feel strongly about it, you can chip in money. If you are interested but don't feel that strongly that you want to chip in any money, you can attend their review meetings. We attend their review meetings. Westinghouse, they do not have that kind of an arrangement. Either you put in money or stay out. And we felt, what the heck, if we wanted to support somebody, we could support G.E. or Atomics International. So we'll support one, learn about theother program, and then when we see where the moneyis needed, then we'll support that program.LW: Are there any other companies involved in theseexperiment working with these breeder reactors? 4
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1EC: Not really. Not really. National Laboratories, forexample, in Oak Ridge is working with Morton Salt, with Argon (?) of Chicago, and with Matell (?) Northwest of Hanford (?) Washington are working on the fast breeder. Now there are other assemblages of companies. For example, there are two groups of utility architect engineers, consulting firms, that are working mostly with Morton Salt. We've talked with them briefly, but we're not that interested. If we had to support somebody, I suppose we wouldsupport Gulf General Atomic down in San Diego because they have another fast breeder concept built on a gas coolent.LW: On gas coolent?EC: Right. There are three kinds of fast breeders: liquidmetals, gas, and steam coolant. The gas coolant is probably the closest to being a reality other than the liquid metals.LW: What would be the advantages of a gas coolant over liquid metals?EC: Well, for one thing the liquid metal, you cannot see through. Well, compared to steam--steam is a nasty act. I mean it has thousands of P. S. I. , very high pressure steam, thousands of degrees Fahrenheit. If a little blast of steam hits you, it would probably5
 EUGENE CRAMER #1burn away your arm or something. Okay, steam is a nasty thing to have to handle. Liquid sodium is also at the same temperatures a nasty thing to handle. AndI would say in the reactor it's at a much lower pressure, like fifty to a hundred to two hundred P.S.I. So it doesn't have the high pressure problem. Gas as a coolant is like sodium in that it can be used at a low pressure. But then it's also a little bit more like steam in that it's not a solid. And if you have a leak, it just becomes a lo:w-:-temperature gas by its nature. So you have some attractive physical properties as far as handling. We know, comparatively speaking, quite a bit about gas technology, gas pumps, hot gases passing throughsystems. So there's those advantages and the further advantage to me is that if we develop the gas-cooled breeder reactor then there's a possibility that we can develop a gas-cooled turbine. Now the beauty of a gas-cooled turbine is that you do not have the heat rejected to the atmosphere. For example, in a conventional steam turbine, you run the water into the reactor, you run it into the fire box, the fossil plant as water. Heat it up, boil it to steam, run the steam through the turbine, take the energy out of the steam, and then at tne very end of the swirling fan6
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1blades, you're left with very low-grade steam. Now,in order to run this back though the same process, you have to condense that steam to make water again. And you find that you have pumped heat into this and you have to take this heat out over here to condense it back to water. And the only place we know of to use that heat right now is to dump it into the ocean, or dump it into a cooling pond, or dump it into a cooling tower. So the efficiencies of the steam cycle are such that like 60 percent of the heat is lost. Aside from the inefficiencies, it has some so called environmental disadvantages. So if we had a helium cycle, we could not need to commit the helium again, send it through the reactor to heat it up. We would have helium turbine and we would have efficiencies approaching 90 percent. We would not need to dump this tremendous amount of heat out into the ocean or to a lake or to a cooling tower. So that's why I like the gas-cooling reactor. It offers potential that we don't have any place else.LW: Now what are the disadvantages?EC: Disadvantages? The disadvantage of anything thatisn't built. Like supposing you wanted to buy an electric car. There's a great deal of anti-pollution noise and we could say, "Gee, get rid of the gasoline7
   EUGENE CRAMER # 1engines by having electric cars." You'd plug it into your house overnight, you know and good old electricity comes trickling out and charges up the batteries and there is no pollution involved. Well, the catch behind the electric car is all the garage mechanics in the nation are used to playing around with combustion engines. Okay? So we have to take these people with a lifetime of dealing with gasoline engines and train them how to take care of electric engines and electric motors. You have to take the economy and just sort of pick it up and turn it ninety degrees and start all over again. In the gas- cooled breeder reactor it's not quite so bad, but it still needs development. That's the big disadvantage.LW: Well, won't there be that disadvantage no matter what coolant you use?EC: To a certain extent, yes. But the thing of it is that for some years now people have been using liquid sodium as a coolant in developmental work. There's been some history. Some development of technology has taken place. The gas technology in this country isn't as far along. For example, Britain is much furtheralong because they've used gas-cooled reactors for years. To me this is a very minor problem. The biggest problem that you have with the liquid metal8
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1reactor is that it's ~upposed to have some efficiency advantages. Like 20 percent more efficient than the gas-cooled breeder. So that's why it has been chosenfor the moment. I am kind of a skeptic on that.LW: Would helium be more available in the---?---?EC: Oh, yes, and no. We have helium wells in Arkansas.Helium is a natural resource and is fairly carefully controlled. Sodium is very, very readily obtained and there's no problem at all in obtaining sodium. Helium, there's probably no problem in obtaining it, but it is, you know, something that is in relatively short supply. But then, you know what a heliarch welding device is? Where they taken an electric current and they blow helium around it so that oxygen won't get at the hot metal and ruin a well. So we can afford to use most of our helium right now to just blow out to the atmosphere in heating up welding ---?--- And in a reactor, for example, you have very, very close controls over helium. So I can'tthink that a helium shortage would be a problem.LW: When do you think you would be able to build a fast-breeder reactor?EC: That's the sixty-four dollar question! I hope Billtold you all about the agony the whole industry is going through right now--9
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1LW: Yes.EC: --trying to decide which one of these three reactorsto build. There are people who could have begun building a reactor a year or two ago. No question about that at all. The question has been pretty much financing. With money short, with schedules very, very tight, with the public protests, any reactor, regardless of type, with public protest back East on any construction regardless of type, people tend to put their money on something which is not chancy. For example, they would prefer to buy an old coal- burning clunker simply because they know they can build it and get into operation. They are distrustful of the idea of building one of these developing reactors because they don't know, and they can't afford to gamble. That's the big problem. To specifically answer your question, I think if we began building one of these reactors, say, like next summer, the summer of '71, we'd probably have it in operation by like late '78, about seven years. The ordinary water-cooled reactors require a construction time of about six years. In other words, six years from the time you start taking bids until the time it's operational. For the fossil plant, our quotedtime is like about four years. And for these unknown 10
 EUGENE CRAMER #1reactors, you allow about an extra year or so for things you don't know about.LW: So we have the technology right now to build one, but it's primarily a matter of financing, true?EC: More true than false. More true than false. Yes, we have the technology. Yes, we could have built one or started building one, two or three years ago. People have built sodium-cooled reactors before, they've operated them. They've built them in the United States and Great Britain and Germany. And there are some smaller sodium experiments all over the world. I guess in 1939 we had. a mercury-cooled turbine. The technology is available. The technology is availablefor going to outer space, but we're not going. Now the reason is pretty clear. Number one, we're not sure we want to; and two, it costs too much. There are other things we need. So it's always a question of priorities.LW: When they do decide to build a reactor, what are some of the sites you have in mind?EC: I'll show you the map. We've gone into this in some detail. Now this doesn't show our system as such, but here we are in Los Angeles. Down along the coast at San Clemente is our San Onofre reactor. Our service territory is along these dotted lines about in here.11
 EUGENE CRAMER #1We have fossil plant here along the Colorado River, Mojave. And a fossil plant over here owned in cooperation with others in New Mexico. We'll be building a large fossil plant over here by theselarge coal deposits over here by Lake Powell, Utah. Now if we own property and make a generating station up here at Point Conception, we own more property--we don't own it, we actually lease it--on this Camp Pendleton down here, so we can build four more reactors here, and we plan on developing Mojave here, so that it has two more units, has two units building now and we' 11 put two more in there. Here, we' 11 probably build four or five units on Lake Powell. And over here an Point Conception here, we have physical space for about five reactors of the same type we're building today. Now, five years or ten years from now, what we're building and where may change. But basically, we have this land available and this land available. We do not own land here, but we are building, and we are in the process of collecting it in order to buy it. We do own land here on Mojave and that's about the size of it.LW: So then the two primary places in this Los Angeles area are Point Conception and San Onofre?EC: Simply because we own the land, and the direction of 12
 EUGENE CRAMER #1growth. The direction of motion of people living and building has been tra~itionally out in Orange County. That's why San Onofre is there, and that's why we'll be building there because the people are coming to the reactors. Okay? Well, pretty soon there isn't a heck of a lot out here but desert, so we feel thatpeople will be moving back north in here toward Point Conception. They'll be building out this way. So when they build out this way, we will have this site ready for them. Now the reason we have these sites here is not because we expect people to move out there, but simply because that's where water is and that's where fuel is. In this area are those three things: land, water, fuel. They are the key to all of this. The people kind of follow the lands and they kind of follow the water. And fuel is what you have to do. Here in the Rockies there are large deposits of low- sulphur coal, so these burn coal. We have a pipeline. They mine the coal, turn it into a slurry, and pipe it over here to Mojave. So they kind of meet in themiddle.LW: Like from Lake Powell--EC: They pipe the coal from this area across the desertto Mojave where there is water. And then they pipe the electricity from there. Well, at least on of the13
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1many advantages of nuclear power is that it really divorces us from the transportation problem. Here is used to know some numbers like how many tons per hour of fuel had to pass here for the pipeline to move like this. Charged us by the feet all the time. Here with a nuclear reactor, we can just truck in twenty truckloads of fuel every year or two and that's it. Bang! Truck fuel in, truck out another ten, twenty truckloads and that takes care of another year or two years.LW: Let's cross over to something that I'm extremely interested in and that's conservation and health hazards and the safety aspect?EC: Okay. We could go all day on that. You have another roll of tape?LW: Oh, yes, I think I do. [Chuckle]EC: All right, fine.LW: And I can turn this one over. I see you have a lot ofbooks on that on your shelves. There are a lot of books coming out and articles being written on the danger of atomic energy. It seemed to me purely from a practical aspect that it would be best to put these reactors close to the area where they served. Would it be safe, really, building these in populatedareas?14
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1EC: Safe? Okay. I can say yes to that with a very clearconscience. However, you might not be able to say yes knowing the same facts with the same clear conscience because "safe" to you might mean something different. "Safe" to you might mean never, never having a problem. But to me "safe" doesn't mean that. And here I think is where the major bone of contention is. There are many people to whom "safety" means absolute safety; "never, never ever, ever". And the only way we have "never, never ever, ever" is not to do it. Like if you don't to get killed in a freeway accident, you don't go on the freeway and you don't have a car, right?LW: Uh huh.EC: I mean, and you walk to work, and then you get runover. Okay? So we don't have "never, never ever, ever" situations. So what most people are arguing from is the "never, never ever, ever" situation on the one hand; and on the other hand, people who have to provide the power, have to provide the energy we need for the life we seem to want. We have to do it s o m e h o w . A n d i n t h e . p a s t w e ' v e h a d h y d r o p o we r development, hydropower ---?--- we've had natural gas. Natural gas ran out in the sixties. Oil? Oil's in short supply too, and it has some obvious15
 EUGENE CRAMER #1environmental disadvantages. Coal? Thank God, we don't have coal out here. Coal is for people back there where they have coal mines---?--- electricity. Reactors? I've been in the reactor business, I guess,since 1955, and I'm pretty well convinced that they have: number one, environmental advantages; and number two, the safety factor---?---. Now I realize this sounds like the soap box. If you have specific questions, or if you have a headline or two that has caught your attention and you want to ask about that,I mean, that's probably about the best way to do it. LW: Well, first of all, this area is highly prone toearthquakes, what would happen?EC: Okay. Well, let's put it this way. The reactor isdesigned against earthquakes even back in low- earthquake zones back East. East of the Rockies, the reactors are designed against shaking motion. In an earthquake you have several things happening: You have simple vibrations, simple rocking back and forth, pictures fall off the wall, and loose bricks ---?--- ---?---. Now what most people think of in an earthquake is called ground displacement. In otherwords, the fault cracks open when earth shifts, sometimes things move up and down, and the earth opens up and herds oáf cattle fall in. And this is16
 EUGENE CRAMER #1what people think of when they think of big, horrible earthquakes. But these kinds are relatively rare. Even in Japan where they have like a quake an hour, aquake a minute in some places, they're rocking motions. But they're still an earthquake. It's very, very rare that you even get a tremendous cataclysm that shakes the whole town down, where you have the gaping opening. Now, what we don't do, we don'tlocate the reactor on the fault line. Okay? We don't want the earth to open up and collapse around the edge. Number two, what we do do, we design the reactor against this shaking thing. Now, buildings like the one we're sitting in I guess at one time-- this was built around 1930. At one time there was a law against building buildings taller than twelve stories in Los Angeles. If you look around yourself, you find that they have gotten a lot smarter about earthquakes. They know a lot more about earthquakes than they used to. We feel that: number one, the reactor is not a big massive tall structure. It doesn't just topple. It's sort of a broad, flat, well dug in type of thing. In a shaking motion, it rocks back and forth. It will not be falling apart. In a detailed design of the components you have the motor, and the motor has a solid ---?--- cylinder. And in17
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1the middle it has this rotating member. It has bearings on either end to hold it in place. Now these things are analyzed in the ordinary course of events against certain dynamic things. When you start a big motor, the thing goes off-center and tends to dive in one direction or another, and then after it gets up to its speed, then it tends to center itself. So wefind that a somewhat conventional design takes into account some of these motions. We simply go into the design in far more detail and check it out against the probable earthquake motion. Now when we start assembling these components together in systems, for example, piping which could pump into the reactors, then we look at the assemblage. First, we looked at the component, and then at the assembly. And now we have a big, heavy thing here and some flexible pipe in the middle, and you have a medium-sized, medium- weight pump here, big steam generators. Now suppose an earthquake did come along and did cause the ground to shake back and forth. So what happens? Well, the big heavy thing just sort of sits there and the earth rotates around it. Meanwhile, the light stuff tends to move because you have ---?--- moving. So they analyze the piping, they analyze how the system holdstogether, and they put in extra pipe restraints. For 18
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1example, right now they hang large ---?--- They simply hang them from iron rods so t hey ' ll be free to rock back and forth. If it got to rocking opposite ways, it could easily tear apart, so what they do is they clamp the thing together with restraints. The restraints are generally like hydraulic cylinder so that if the cylinder---?--- piston---?--- and you put the cylinder over here and the piston over here, and you have thermal expansion, the piston can move in the . cylinder, and the combination of small slow motion in a rapid system, the dynamics of this is such that it will rock together. So it can hold these components in position and tend not to tear them apart. So those are two of the most obvious things that I can think of offhand. The way we analyze the specific components, to see if it can take theshimmying, and the way we analyze the system and apply restraints to hang together so it doesn't tear them apart. Many other things go into it.LW: All right. How about-- one of the subjects that has been brought up is radioactive contamination--EC: Okay.LW: --from the reactors.EC: What about radioactive contamination? LW: Is there any danger?19
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1EC: No.LW: How much waste materials expelled from reactors isradioactive?EC: That's a question I've never heard before that way.Let me answer it to this extent. The reactor produces waste. If you flush a toilet, you release waste, right? Now in general, most if not all of the wastes produced by the reactor is not radioactive. We have process waste and we have the run-of-the-mill wastes which we get---?---. Okay? Now, we separate the two in this fashion. The process waste is drained from the reactor compartment. Now there is a chance for radioactive material being released. We have those drains piped---?--- to a holding tank. And if there is any water it comes through the drain to the holding tanks, see? Ten thousand-gallon drum tanks. We can monitor it and see whether it's radioactive or not. We can choose to clean it up. We can use it, clean it up, and discharge the water, and hold the radioactive material in an ion-exchange---?--- water ---?---. Okay? Now over here at the other end of the spectrum, we have a toilet, for example. Now thetoilet over in the office building there is no radioactive material, people won't be going there carrying radioactive material ---?--- Now the20
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1boundary line, or the border l ine , for example, there is a toilet in the men's change room. Now a man comes out from working in a radioactive zone and takes ashower and puts on his clothes. Now what's the waste water there? It could be either. If he's clean, it'll be clean. If he were contaminated it' 11 be contaminated very likely. That stuff gets piped over here to the hot plant. This kind of thing runs allthe way through the building. If it's air conditioned here, it it's clean air it will always be clean, why, ---?--- If it's injurious, it may be contaminated, or if the area is known to have been contaminated,-- -?---. This is what we do for normal waste. Now take another example. Suppose there's a refueling reactor. Shut the reactor down. Pull everything down and---?- -- to the atmosphere all right? You know we'11 be transferring water back and forth---?--- one kind or another. So again the same drain has been placed to catch the spill, pipe it to the hold-up tank for analysis. I could give you some numbers which would give a cap to this.LW: All right.EC: Numbers are simply--here we go. This is the wastedisposal numbers from the years '68 and '69. Here is gas and here is liquid involved in---?--- separate,21
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1not really considered discharge. We separated that into gross beta-gamma, and we discharged about 1,250,000 gallons in '69. And in those millions of gallons, there was 1.62 ---?--- To put this in a different context, that was 3 percent of what we would have been allowed to discharge. [PhoneLW:EC:LW: EC: LW: EC:interruption]- I could get on the soap box real easy, about things 1ike this because I feel a lot of the criticism we're taking is from people that don't know any better, and_their immediate reaction is to panic, "No, we can't do it." So I'd be very happy to get a copy of this as long as it goes into you university library.It will.So that it will be available.---?---I took a great big risk---?---Okay. Fine.I think we were at the point here where I was showing you some of our waste discharge statistics. And I was pointing out that in this year we had discharged 3 percent allowable and this year we've discharged 12 percent allowable. Less than a percent--almost like nothing. So this is the kind of thing we're building.Now look at this eight curie which is like 12 percent 22
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1allowable, and you figure to yourself, now can you give me a number here? Can you relate eight curies within meaningful ---?--- to something that you can get a handle on? About all I can say there is that weran the calculations some couple weeks ago and we found that the number of curies of radium was very large. About all I can remember is something like twenty tons of radium in the world and eight curie is something that I can put in a pencil lead about an eighth of an inch long. If that makes any sense to you, that's the type of thing we're discharging. A pencil lead full of these materials compared to tons of materials. And that's the way tons of radium is-- far more tridium. Far, far more ---?--- We are literally living in a sea of radioactivity, truthfully speaking, and we are putting in there a drop in the bucket, and yet we get---?---.LW: But is this ---?--- curie for ---?--- the whole atmosphere or---?---?EC: No, no. See, that's the strange thing. Tridium--now let me dig the number out. We released something like three thousand curies in 1969. Well, the radiation we get from the sun is creating tridium all the time.And there's something like, oh, eighty-nine million, million curies of tridium in the world right now.23
  EUGENE CRAMER # 1We're dropping in there something like three thousand curies a year. Now about the calculations. Here isthe background of tridium. There is nothing we can do about it. It comes from radiation from the sun with the interaction with oxygen and nitrogen and gases that form tridium. That is it, bang. Okay we are producing tridium--producing, not discharging, but producing tridium like this. And in calculating out here like the year 2000, we will be producing almost as much tridium as the sun is producing and it will level off about like that. At about that time we will have as many reactors of this particular class here as we would ever have, and it would just be--they would just be operating. Then in about thirty years they'11 start shutting down on different kinds of reactors. So we feel that it will be by the year 2000 before we even approach the natural background of tridium. And that's only on a production basis, that's not on a discharge basis. We have some means for controlling the water and we're using it, so that it's not discharged. And by then we'll have a different kind of reactor. On the ordinary isotopes, we're fortunate in having saved demineralizers and water softener. It's the water softeners that take up the radioactive materials. And then we have a solid24
 EUGENE CRAMER #1waste which we can into concrete and carry inland and bury, just like a big five-gallon drum with concrete all around it and---?--- and mobilize it. And thisLW:is just with the radioactivity that falls out in the waste water. Now, most of the radioactivity you can use a number like 99.5 percent, or more even for that matter. The radioactivity stays in the fuel itself. What about---?---? In other words, there have been a lot of arguments about the reactors being built in Florida because it raises the temperature of the water and kills off the fish and things like this.EC: This is where you smile while crying. I've not been involved with the reactor in Florida, so I cannot speak definitively. All I can speak about is what people have told me, and obviously I have gotten most of my information from utilities people. But as near as I can determine from the reading and talking I've done, number one, the government's case was thrown out of court because they had alleged that there was irreparable harm being done to the flora and faunathere in Biscayne Bay by the heat discharge of the fossil plant. Okay. Most people immediately jumped to the conclusion that these were the nuclear reactors aren't going to become operational for another year or two, but all the headlines read "Nuclear reactors25
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1kill all living things in Biscayne Bay." Number two, when the government's case was thrown out of court, there were many university professors, marine biologists, and ecologists who testified that the damage, if it occurred, was not irreparable. They had been out like the last week or the last month or within two or three weeks or something like that, and they investigated and saw it was as healthy as before. I have a suspicion that if anything happened,it's quite possible that these inspectors came out here at the wrong time of year and some warm gulf waters were coming up there; or, there were some unusual tidal conditions which backed in the warm water and warm water accumulates up here---?---; or, some of the normal operations of the plant might have taken place. For example, in some places they use chemicals to kill the barnacles, the mosses that grow in the discharge channels. It's quite possible that they may have been just doing a chemical---?--- of these barnacles. And the chemicals as they moved down by going into the bay, they might have killed off some fish. I don't know any of this. What I'm giving you is a synopsis of what I recall from the newspaper clippings that are seen in a year. I do know what we've done here on this coast, and I'll be very glad26
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1to go through it. If you look through this book here, you'll see that we have a section here on air quality and what we've done on air quali t y , and a section on water quality. Briefly, back in the early thirties when we began operating Long Beach Steam Plant, some of our consultants noticed and the people ---?--- noticed that these barnacles grew only in the intake of cold, incoming water. They didn't seem to grow in the outgoing water. If they grew, they grew much slower and there weren't as many of them. So back in the early forties when we began building our first coastal steam plant--and we' re modern postwar--what we did was to provide a gimmick--a gimmick like this, called cross-over gate, where we could take the warm water going back to the ocean and recycle it and ---?--- the intake. We take the cold water in herelike this. Reversing the cycle and also operating this so that the water came out of here hotter than before. It took a shorter time to do it, and we'd killed off all this incoming, this growing marine organisms, the mussels, the clams, the sorts of things that choke this off. We kill them in the minimum amount of time without damage to these concrete tunnels. Okay? Now had we chosen to use chemicals in here, then it's quite possibl e that t he27
  EUGENE CRAMER # 1chemicals after killing these clams and other junk in here could have gone out and killed the fish which are very worthwhile fish before the chemicals could be diluted. All right, that's one thing we did. A second thing we did is take the intake and discharge structures themselves. Like here's a view of one of our plants at Redondo at one time or another. Now we could have taken water right here at the edge and run it through the plant and discharge it right here at the edge. But we didn't. We went out five hundred feet, twenty-six hundred feet, seventeen hundred feet, however long it took. We took water near the bottom. Okay, now what does this do for you? Why do you take bottom water? Well, an engineer would say that it give you as cool a water as you can get. The sun heats the water. Here's a temperature profile through the ocean up to four thousand feet, which shows that the sun heats the water in about seventy degrees and out here it's like sixty-five so you get the bottom water which is cool, pipe it to the plant, and you discharge it about halfway, about in thirty feet of water. Now what happens when you do that isvery simple. The water comes up, the actual things, the pipe takes them in floating upwards, takes them off the bottom. So the warm water comes vertically28
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1upwards and comes up here and spreads out across the surface. Here is the temperature profile which shows, you know, that it trickles on down here, and--oh my gosh, here's--the tide comes in here where it'sseventy-nine degrees Fahrenheit. Any extensive amount, like seventy-five degrees Fahrenheit, and l o and behold, over here where we're not discharging, it's seventy-four by the strange action of the tidal waves. Here on the beach it is seventy-seven, seventy-six, seventy-five and you've nothing to do with that. Here's a cut-through to show the discharge water just in---?---. It shows that only in a very, very little tiny area, like less than a hundred feet, it's like sixty-five degrees that we've been warming to any significance. So what we've done with several discharges very simply, we've tried to keep it off the bottom level and have tried to keep them on top of the surface so that we don't--back East they make the claim that several of these discharges can block the passage of fish that have to spawn up river. So we discharge into this open ocean so we don't block anybody from ---?--- We keep it off the bottombecause that's a very important part of the cycle, the bottom---?--- they can't run away from---?---. We try to minimize it as much as possible by the29
   EUGENE CRAMER #1design of this tube drilling up. The colder water is drawn into the side and mixes into it so it cools as rapidly as possible. I guess you'd have to say that what we try to do is we try to make it as cool as possible. And that's it.LW: And you have even less---?--- your reactor than ---?---?EC: You see, right now all of the practical side of power plants is the steam turbine. And I can heat, I could produce this steam with a match, with a cigarette lighter, by rubbing my hands together, by focusing huge mirrors, upon water. It doesn't make any difference how I make the steam. When you run the steam through the turbine you waste like 60 percent of the heat, simply because you have to recondense. the steam run it back through the reactor. Okay, not the obvious question is, why in the world do you use a condensing turbine? Why don't you just run the steam through and block it off at the exits? And then you wouldn't have to feed the ocean. And the answer to that is also fairly simple. It costs money, a great deal of money to keep the water pure. If we ran, say, ocean water through this turbine, it would deposit small ---?--- on the inside of the turbine and pretty soon the whole thing would fall apart. so30
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1we have to cycle the water back and forth before you get any material.LW: EC: LW:One more. In that book you have there--Perils of the Peaceful Atom(?)Yes, that seems to be the one that ---?--- book store. They got the point---?---. They are claiming that reactors are being built before we really have the technology for them. In other words, the reactors are too large for our present capabilities.Gee, I don't know how to respond to that.---?---Yeah. Number one, these reactors aren't too large. The way our system of growth takes place, we try to build a single unit which has a single turbine, say, between 10 percent and 6 percent of the size of the system. And we try to build several units all alikefor obvious advantages in mass production and learning. So we might start out by building eight units which is like 10 percent of the present size, and over six years we would build like six similar units and by that time the system would have grown to where it's 6 or 7 percent of the size of the system. It will jump another size. Well, the last of this set of six that we built with 790-megawatt production. ---?---. The size of the reactor is not a reflection31EC:LW: EC:
 EUGENE CRAMER #1of the technology so much as the function of the system for which it's working. You size it to the technical---?---. Some of the problems that New York City is having right now comes from the fact that they bought some years ago a 1,000-megawatt electricconventional turbine called Big Alice. And Big Alice is about 15 percent of the whole system. If Big Alice has problems, you've lost 15 percent of your capacity, 15 percent if your ability to generate electricity. And that's a big shock. Well, early this summer, I guess, about the middle of last month, Big Alice had severe problems and will be out for the rest of the summer. So that turbine was too big. We try to keep between 6 and 10 percent. I don'tunderstand the size bit at all.LW: No, this was this---?---. It says here there's beena resolution proposed by Senator Morton and Representatives Olson and Cramer and also by Senator Edward Kennedy that would declare a moratorium on construction. They're saying that there needs to be further studies on environmental hazards, seismological, and meteorological problems involvedwith the disposal of waste.EC: Well, let's see, my folks sent me a clipping from aKansas newspaper just yesterday. Let me see if I can 32
 EUGENE CRAMER #1find it. Here's a cl i pping from the August twenty- third issue of the Wichita Eagle and Beacon, and it tells all about this waste disposal i n t he salt mines there. And let's see if I can find a quote here. Somewhere in here there's a comment from the Sierra Club. It says, "The Sierra Club opposes t he establishment of a waste repository without further clinical studies ---?--- The Sierra Club iscritical of the A.E.C. 's Idaho waste storage operation. They want to know who's going to monitor the project?" Well, if you read the article here, you would find out, for example, that they had tested from '65 to '67 the ability of the salt mines to hold the radioactive waste. In other words, they had set this up. They have figured out how to do this. They had drilled, they had taken a state geological surveyinto their confidence--whatever that means--they made the state people aware of this. They've run tests, they've published articles, they've invited comments on a national and international scale. I'm sure that they could have done more. They could have had twice as many tests, twice as many items on the test, and have ten times as many experts come in and publ i s h , say, farty times as many papers on them. I'm sure they could have done more. There's no question about33
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1that. But I don't see how they could have done more quality than those tests that they ran. And yet you get the immediate reaction from a segment of people, "Well, got to have more tests. Can't have it now. Got to wait. Got to wait." Wait for what? More tests like this? More tests ten times as long, five times as long? The immediate reaction of anybody faced with something new--you've seen these research reports when the people write to explain the project. If you've read as many as I have, you realize that nine times out of ten they end on exactly the same note. We've got to have more money to study this further, because no one doing research believes that the last word has been said. There's always a little tiny bitleft unsaid. Maybe they only carried the decimal point over five places, and they say, "Well, I have ten times as much ---?--- ---?--- more." So they always want more money. Gee, I don't know what to say about that moratorium bill.LW: But yet, I think what concerns me is like what's in this article in this issue of Ladies Horne Journal about how the whole city of Grand Junction, Colorado has been built on top of radioactive-waste material, and is totally declared safe by the A.E.C.EC: Okay.34
 EUGENE CRAMER #1LW: Now what do you do when you have a town like thiswith, what twenty thousand peopl e?EC: Well, let's get a definition as to just what thisradioactivity is, okay?LW: No, what they do over in Grand Junction is they mineuranium ore. Okay? They go deep down into the earth and they dig up rock of some kind. They bring it t o the surface, they crush it, they run it through some kind of process. I have no idea what it is. They take the uranium out. Okay? The uranium they ship elsewhere. Now what's left over? Radioactive waste?LW: Well, that's the rock.EC: The rock--that's rock, right? So now when somebodysays the whole town is built on radioactive waste, it's not built on radioactive waste. Radioactive waste is something the public now associates with discharge from a reactor. Fission products, right? What happens is that these mines which are located out in the country, they have this big huge pile of this rock that they dug up from two hundred feet. They've taken the uranium out of it, and they've simply laid the rock there on the ground again. Okay? These rocks--R-0-C-K--rock. Now this rock, like all rock, contains thorium and uranium, and there's about four natural recurring series of radioactive35
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1materials. Boron and radon are gaseous products in that series. So what's happened, they've taken thatrock and piled it on the earth, and now with boron and radon, naturally-occurring radioactive gases ---?--- percolate boron. So you can put in monitors to detect the presence of this radon and boron. You could do exactly the same with concrete. For example, I can tell you if you built a concrete block underground, using naturally occurring rock from these Rock Mountains which has these naturally- occurring gases. If you measure the air in an underground concrete block, you will find, without a doubt, that if you don't put atmospheric air through there and blow it out all the time that that air in there would soon become saturated with radon and boron and the level of radon and boron. That's how it happens. Radon and boron are free. It gets into the air. These things are natural processes. So whathappens, a guy is over there and investigates and say, "Oh waste from the radioactive processing plant. It's all over." And here's this naturally-occurring radon and boron, but he doesn't think along those 1ines. He says, "Here's radioactive waste all over the town. My God! Kill the A. E. C. Line them up in front of the firing squad!" I'm giving you the other36
 EUGENE CRAMER #1side of the story. But somewhere in the middle, there's got to be the truth.What these people need to do is educate the general public.Oh man.Until I started this project, I knew very little-- What you read in the papers.What I read in the papers because of the--Exactly.Worse.Let me show you something else now that gets me discouraged. You have obviously read or heard about that.Yes, I brought that up.LW:EC: LW: EC: LW: EC: LW: EC:LW:EC:[SIDE TWO OF TAPE]That's good. I wish I could go through it page bypage without foaming at the mouth and show you where it's wrong! But here's what bugs me now. Here is a magazine for better health ---?--- by bringing out natural vitamin. It goes a little bit wild in spots and overboard as you would commonly expect of a fanatic. But unfortunately in this parti cularmagazine, somebody else has read that very same book, Perils of the Peaceful Atom, accepting it as gospel, and he's convinced in maybe ten, twenty pages. He's37
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1got fish on their bellies, and I suppose I could find here--oh, he's brought in here the Northern Ohio Sugar Company that had to pay 3.24 million dollarsfor killing fish in the Sandusky River in '67 and '68. Now what in the world has that to do with our problems, I don't know. But he's got all this in here--"In 1963 more than ten thousand striped bass were found dead in the Hudson River near the IndianPoint Nuclear Power Plant. The value of the---?--- destruction of man." Wel1, fortunately the guy here was telling exactly the truth because all that happened is the mechanical trap and disappeared. But other people, they stop. They stop right here and say, "Ah bah! In 1963 more than ten thousand fish were killed at Indian Point Nuclear Reactor, therefore nuclear reactors are bad." So this isn't as horrible as it could be. But still people pick these things up and accept them as gospel.LW: And they tend to believe it. If Edison Company would come out with all sorts of good things about power plants, they have the tendency to say, "Ah hah, they're trying to sell it."EC: Ah, right!LW: Naturally they believe that.EC: Right. And that's what happens. Things get carried38---?---
 EUGENE CRAMER #1away. Here are two people who are not even engineers.L W: I d o n ' t k n o w w h a t t h e y a r e . J u s t w r i t e r s , I understand.EC: Exactly. Y ou're being very kind!LW: I looked for qualifications.EC: I'm sorry. I'll find it. What they've simply done isdistort facts. Supply interpretation for fact. I do not know the backgrounds behind these two people. I've been told that Curtis is a journeyman writer. He simply writes for other people, selling the assembled facts. Hogan has been a kind of a writer, and he got upset about nuclear reactors, not knowing anything about them. Together they pieced together the story. "Countless dead and dying fish floating on their sides with their eyes bulging!"LW: Aren't the people who build these reactors licensed by the A.E.C. and go through all kinds of--?EC: Certainly. This is for Units Two and Three down at San Mill Creek, the preliminary safety mill report. That other thick pile of paperwork there is a final safety analysis report for Unit One. And it was the second final because down there on the bottom there's another final engineering report on the safety ofUnit I. And before that there was a preliminary. So for that reactor which has been operational since39
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1'67, there was a preliminary analysis given to theA.E.C.: the final analysis before the reactor is operational; and now there is a final before we get our long-term operating license. So that thing has been through at le&st three reviews at a bare minimum. And that's only before the A.E.C. It's also reviewed by the Public Utilities Commission, and certain portions of it were reviewed by other state agencies. The Water Quality Control Board reviewed that section. So they've been through this review process. Copies have been sent to the mayor, the---?--- committee, and other places. Copies--public document ---?--- in. Washington D.C. To give you an example, you remember I was telling you before about the motor ---?--- is through ---?---. And I can't explain what this does to safety or how it affects safety. All I can say is that ---?--- is a good example. What they're trying to do to convey to the analyzers here. What various ---?--- components are like. For example, here's a view through the steam generators. Gives you more detail. Here. Design basis. Very good. This says we designed the steam generator which we use to stress 1imit, the A.A.S.M.E. Board---?------?---. This is a national code, arose through other experience in nuclear--40
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1designs have these operat ional --- ?--- without exceeding the amount of stress on it. One hundred ---?--- tests, two hundred primary sizing tests, five thousands cycles of adding hot water ---?--- , four thousand---?--- of the same kind in addition, and on and on and on. ---?--- are designed according to a certain code, gets a designed based. So we see affirmatively here exactly what is being done. All wells are 100 percent radiographed and magnetic particle and liquid penetrate test. Each well has to be tested. So is the pipe itself. The pipe is purchased under certain standards. Well, how you making out? Well, here's a good one. Good one, let'spull this one out. Seismic analysis. Complete---?--- analysis performed under containment. Five steps. Simulated mathematical models, natural frequencies, evaluation process to determine the proper value through dampening. Remember, I was telling you how these pipes could go 1ike this. Internal forces. Considering the internal equipment is located at different levels which requires a description---?--- environment. So they analyze it mathematically with the computer program. A prescription for what happens if it exceeds certain criteria. They do put these dampers on. Here's the winds. Designed for 125 miles41
 EUGENE CRAMER #1per hour winds. Kind that can take the top of the hill off.LW: Now, once the state gives you the okay to build it, say, do they come back and check it?EC: Darn right.LW: Check you out every once in a while?EC: Darn right.LW: To make sure?EC: Darn right. See, what they do is, there's a process.After you have purchased the reactor, and made these analyses, then you go to the A.E.C. and you give them the descriptions they need---?--- operating---?--- construction permit was given to the A.E.C. the first of June. They will--they already have, as a matter of fact--they read a book, and from their experience and from their talking with others and knowledge of safety tests, from their consultant--gee, I wish I were set up here. Somewhere in this room I have a book or two which describes some of these safety programs. They have consultants both in the national laboratories. Here's a review. It shows some of the things they do. See, this is a mathematical analysis of some of the things here based on equipment tests. Here is---?--- behavior of the---?--- fuel rock in the loss of cooling---?--- analysis. If I turn this42
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1over to page eighty--I've never opened this before-- page eighty. I see here a simulation. Here are two ---?--- heater rods of the fuel, and they show what happen to these samples of---?--- when they do lose coolness. Okay? And you can see that they have goneso far that they have tested some of these to destruction. And by golly, they know. They know what heat flux it can take; they know what temperatures it can take; so they know the limits very well. Don't go past this. So based on data like this, we can establish reasonable limits. We can design and build reactors knowing that if we don't exceed certainlimits, we're safe. Okay? This goes on all along. Doyou get facts from the book like that? LW: No.EC: No. You get pictures of fish floating with eyes bulging. This is what you get. They don't understand what all has gone on here in the past.LW: So in other words then, safety-wise you would have no qualms about having your family in a suburb?EC: I'm sorry. My family 1ives over here in Hacienda Heights---?---. But I'll swear I would rather have them live, you know, 4,400 yards from San Mill Creek than over there---?--- Valley. No, I can't say that I live that close to a reactor simply because I work43
 EUGENE CRAMER #1downtown here. But I know of people, who given a choice, do live that close to the reactor. For example, I met a man this spring who was the reactor engineer at ---?--- State Power Company Nuclear Reactor at Monticello. Now he could live most anywhere because Monticello is located out in the suburbs. There are two or three towns that are within driving distance. Well, he chose--nobody forced him to--he chose to buy a home in a tract which was builtabout two miles down the road from Monticello. And it so happens that Monticello has great big smoke stacks so that when they do release--routinely release this radioactive gas, that the prevailing winds blows it right over his house. Okay, he knew all this. I mean he didn't blindly buy the house, then find out later that they were going to build a reactor in the area, and then find out they were going to release the gas. he chose the house knowing full well what the releases would be because he engineered that reactor. He knew. If I ---?--- made a questionnaire, I could probably find other people who are knowledgeable and have made the choice. But you see this--sorry, Idon't want to soap box you. LW: All right.EC: This is December of '69. This sort of thing has been 44
 EUGENE CRAMER #1going on for almost twenty years. ---?--- criteria ---?--- Going on for twenty years. And you find books like that one. You get people who say, "Well, by golly, if we don't know all the answers, we better stop. We need to put on a five year moratorium or a ten year moratorium. I'm not convinced." See? Why aren't they convinced? Number one, they don't know. And number two, they have not studied it. That's the majority of them. Some people are quite knowledgeable, some p~ople have studied it, and stillaren't convinced. I can't give you an answer to this. LW: Well, I have one more question and I think we hadbetter---?--- EC: Okay.LW: And that is financial. Does the A.E.C. really give you any money to build one of these fast-breeder reactors? Could they--I mean like the coal finances and like that?EC:Okay. In the past the A. E. C. has stimulated or has partially financed portions of the reactor. For example, Shipping Port (?) reactor back in the very early fifties, I think was--I won't say entirely or half. I don't know the fraction, but was substantially financed by the A.E.C. because it was new. Now that sort of financing has stopped. The45
  EUGENE CRAMER # 1reactors which you see being bought and purchased today, this is a matter of---?--- standing on their own two feet. There's no question that the A.E.C. is still financing some research and development, some safety research on these kinds of reactors, but the direct support to build a specific reactor, no. Now the fast breeders that you've asked about, we're back to that same concept where no utility can afford to take risks with the customer's money. They can't. No manufacturer is able to because the risk is too large and take so much money that no manufacturer can go out on his own and spend the half a billion dollars it takes to build one plant. Okay? So what happens is very simple. You go back to the original arrangements that the A.E.C. made back in the early fifties, and they said in essence, "If the utilities puts up an amount of money equal to what they would put up if they were building a conventional plant, and the utility buys the conventional turbine, buys the valves and the pumps and the---?--- steam generators which are in between, and then lays out a certain amount of money equivalent to what these fossil fire boilers would cost, we'11 supply the rest." It's a sharing type of thing. It lasts so long, then when itbecomes able to function on its feet, they end it. 46
 EUGENE CRAMER #1Now the A.E.C. has a new program. The A.E.C. has been spending at the rate of about 80 million a year to develop the fast breeders. They have said that theycan only come up with something 1ike--you can get anywhere from 55 million and another 80 million for this one plant. So the utility industry would have to come up with the rest. Now the A.E.C. would like to build three plants. And so presumably they can or think they can come up with about three of these 80 million dollar packages, but whether the industry will need to build two or three plants, I don't know. Whether we can build one plant and then jump it to a commercial plant, I don't know. But this darn thing is going to cost half a billion dollars. A.E.C. will plunk in something like 55 to 75 million. We'll have to come up with the rest. And chances are what will happen is the industry as a whole will get together and all chip in 75,000, 50,000, 10,000 whatever they can afford out of their earnings, out of their profits each year, and it will go into the pot. And somebody is going to take the pot and go buy a reactor.LW: ---?---EC: Exactly. Exactly.LW: Okay.47
 EUGENE CRAMER #1EC: Suppose for the sake of illustrating, we decided atPoint conception, that we could build one of these fast breeder reactors. Okay? And about then we can afford to pay three hundred dollars a kilowatt, say, for an average plant. This thing is like fifty thousand kilowatts. You run the numbers here I think you get something like 50 million dollars we can afford--no, that's not right--yeah, 150 million. Yeah, that's right. We can afford to pay 150 million dollars. You've got the final cost of 500 million dollars. Okay? So the A.E.C., suppose they put in 75 million. A 150 and 75--that's $225 million. You've got half the cost of the plant. Okay, so what will happen is that the rest, the rest of the utility industries will put their nickels and dimes together and feed it to us, let's say, for a ten-year period. And we go out and buy the reactor, partly with our money, partly with A.E.C. money, and partly with the industry's. And we would operate it for the A.E.c. and for the industry. And the information we found in the operation of the plant we make available to the industry as a whole. We don't get the glory, we get the market. The glory goes to the scientists whodeveloped the technique.LW: Well, that's all the questions I have for right now.48
 EUGENE CRAMER #1Kathy---?--- the records.EC: Some of the left-over questions I couldn't answer.LW: Well, this I'll take anyway.EC: Yeah, I think you' re probably getting prettysaturated from talking. Okay, Kathy had asked me at least four questions that I couldn't answer. Seems to me I phoned those in to Dr. Shumway on the seventh of July. Now questions three and four, "Why not---?--- water reactor instead of pressurized water reactor?" Okay. The answer turned out to be something. as simple as cost. And I went oown and looked at some of the cost figures for last November when they compared Westinghouse, Babcock, and ---?--- Combustion Engineering, T.W.R. against G.E's V.W.R. I looked at them, and to make a long story short, they havereactor costs, they have turbine costs, they have fuel costs, they have everything in between. Now in essence, it was the most expensive---?--- one large reactor was the most expensive. So I started probing into what areas---?--- and it turned out that it was the in between. It wasn't the turbine, it wasn't the reactor, It was just everything in between. It kind of surprised me because I never thought that the reactor could be more expensive because of its different nature; a turbine would have been49
 EUGENE CRAMER # 1different. I didn't know. It turns out that it was what you and I would call the ordinary parts of the system. It takes more pumps and more valves, and more pipes, and more concrete and---?---. That was it--- ?--- building situation. On the question of discharge and disposal of radioactive waste, I could speak into this tape recorder for fifteen minutes, but instead I will give you this book and point you to a section back here; it's all there.LW: Fine.EC: I guess that's it. LW: Okay.[END OF TAPE]50
 