 CARLOS L . HYDE Monticello, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-153August 3, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah_Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsAugust 3, 1970Tape #1:His Start in Mining .................. 1 Types of Mines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5The Mills and Hazards There.The Happy Jack and Fry Canyon.A Change of Management and ExplosivesAccidents, Isolation, and Recreation . . . . . . . . . 15 The Town and Ore Processing. . ......... 19 Miners and the Closure of the Happy Jack. 22 Lake Powell and Highway 95. . . . . . . . 259 . . . . 136
 FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW C A R L O S L . H Y D E O N A U G U S T CENTER, MONTICELLO, UT AH.SS: Mr. Hyde would you begin by telling me something about how you happen to be in the Monticello area and something about your background .CH: I was born and raised here, lived here all my life. SS: And you went through schools here, I guess?CH: Yes, I went as far as I could, high school.SS: May I ask you how old you are?CH: Sixty-two.SS: When you got out of high school, when you were readyto start out on your own, what was the first kind ofwork you did? CH: Mining.SS: Mining right away?CH: I started mining when I was 16.ss: Is that right?CH: We were mining for vanadium at that time. It comes incontact with your uranium, vanadium comes in thatsame formation.SS: What area was that?CH: It was in Dry Valley mining district.ss: Now in Dry Valley, do you have the Morrison or theBrushy Basin or what is that? CH: Morrison.THEWI T HEASTURANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.JBY SUZANNE SIMON H I S H O M E O N 1 5 8 P ART OF THE UTAHSS: And I guess you had carnotite out there?CONDUCTED 3 , 1 9 7 0 A T[ T H I S I S
 CARLOS L . HYDECH: SS:CH:SS: CH:SS:CH:Yeah, that's what they do call carnotite, Morrison. And oh, who owned those mills, I mean those mines out there?The us Vanadium Corporation at that time. It's Union Carbide now. Then United States Vanadium Corporation at that time.Where did they ship that ore?It went to, I think at that time they were processing in--?--- what they shipped out. They later built a mill in Uravan, they processed it there.And when you first started mining, just how did you go about it? I know it's changed a lot today, but howwas it then?Well, then, in this country at that time it was all hand mining, you learned to drill and hand steel, you were mucking with a shovel and an iron out wheelbarrow. [You did] everything the hard way, that's for sure.SS: And then how did they haul the ore? Did they have some small trucks then?CH: Well, yes, some of the mines packed it off the hills even on burros and mules to get it to a road.SS: Pretty rugged in Dry Valley, huh?CH: The bigger and better mines had roads, to which youcould get to in a small truck. But some of them even 2
 CARLOS L . HYDEpacked to ore off the hill where they could get through.Then after you mined there at USVC in Dry Valley, what did you do?SS:CH:SS:CH:SS: CH:I did a little construction work and a little farming for several years there. Then I went back to mining and stayed with it until the time I retired.Did you like mining better than the other types of work you did?Yes, I liked mining. I enjoyed mining. I used a contractor lease, you know, it give me better money than wages.Did you do any prospecting for yourself?Once in a while, yes. I staked a few claims here andthere but I didn't ever get anything very good.SS: When you went back to farming, in what area did yougo to?CH: I was in Boulder area, just east of Monticello there. ss: In what area?CH: Boulder.SS: Boulder?CH: That's just east of here seven or eight miles.SS: I haven't heard of that one before. What was the ore there? Was it carnotite?CH: I thought you said the ores that go---?--- 3
 CARLOS L . HYDESS: CH:No, no I'm sorry.I mined out in what they call Gibb Valley, Lone Core, all of the mining areas out in those ~ountries. There are a dozen different mining districts. I worked all of them.Uh huh. Up toward Grand Junction.SS:CH: Well, I worked in Rifle for a little while. That'sthe nearest I got to Grand Junction. But most of it's over here, just Monument Valley and this side of Uravan and Naturita.SS: And when you were working over there, did you work for Union Carbide?CH: Well, it would still be the United States Vanadium Corporation. They've changed the name to Union Carbide since I quite working for them.SS: Did you lease mines from them?CH: Yes, contract, just working and also lease about thattime.SS: Well, now when you contracted to do drift work, youwere just putting in a channel to get to the ore. Isthat right?CH: Yes, just a drift.ss: And then when you got to the ore did they send theirminers in to produce the ore?CH: Well, sometimes. Sometimes I would take a lease on a4
 CARLOS L . HYDEclaim and they would pay me to drive to the body, by the foot. Then I would mine so much [on a] tonnage basis after I got to the ore body.SS: And how was it working at USVC, were they pretty good to you?CH:SS:CH:I was satisfied. Just like the rest of them, they wanted their own men, but just like the rest of them, I got along with them fine.When you had a contract with USVC did they help pay the insurance and your other costs like that?Well, in some instances, they covered us with insurance and we paid the cost of it, in other cases we had to furnish our own insurance. As a rule we had to get industrial insurance to cover ourselves andour employees. We sometimes hired help.Now I've seen some of the mines over here on, well, out west of Blanding, in Cottonwood. I saw the Happy Jack, but how do the mines over there compare? Are they just single channels, tunnels back in, or are they like lots of channels, spreading in allSS:directions?ss: Well, most of them are a body like the Happy Jack,but usually they only have one or two entrances and most of those in that country have an incline shaft. They go to it on about a 20 degree incline and a long5
 CARLOS L . HYDEpocket area. A lot of those areas just flat drift 1ike the Happy Jack into your ore body. In other cases they have to sink, some places it's a vertical shaft. It just depends on the overburden, how far down they have to go to get their ore.SS: Well, when did you get interested and come back over west there in White Canyon?CH: Oh, I was operating in this uranium extraction mill in Monticello and just got tired of--I got an acid burn on my lungs, I think is what caused my trouble to start, and I wanted to get out of it for a while, so I quit and went back to mining.SS: That was when you were working in the mill.CH: I quit here in '54 and went down to White Canyon and stayed until I got to the point where I couldn't passthe physical.SS: Well, the mill here in Monticello was built by theAEC, wasn't it?CH: Yeah. It was built by the AEC and operated by thecompanies, you know, on the Coast. Gallager was thecontractor when I was there, Gallagher Company.SS: I understand that they kind of used that mill as a test, to test out processes for the different kindsof ore.CH: Well, they did do quite a bit of experimenting, but6
 CARLOS L . HYDEthey processed I guess 200 tons a day when they settled down. When they first started 100 tons. WhenSS:CH:ss: CH:it was built it was a 100 ton capacity mill, but that was when they were roasting, you know, they extracted the vanadium. [It'sJ called "salt roast." They later abandoned the roaster and just leached it andincreased it. That was after I left.When you were working there were they able to process the copper and uranium ore that was coming out of White Canyon, the Happy Jack and some of those other mines there?No, I don't think--well, they never did get quite to the point where they were processing the copper. They was handling ore from that area down there but didn't recover any copper.How was the recovery on the uranium, do you recall? Well, I---?--- undercover they was getting. We knew everyday what kind of recovery got on the roast, but we didn't know where the ore was coming from that we were roasting. I operated the roaster there for several years.SS: Would you explain to me a 1ittle about the process that the ore went through there in the mill? I don't have any idea of how that really worked.CH: Well, first it went through the primary pressure and 7
 CARLOS L . HYDEthen through a ball mill process that powdered it right up to a fine powder. There it came into the roaster and we added the salt. Oh, I forget the percentage of salt. I think it was eight pounds to the hundred or something like that, and it would run through a vertical roaster. It started out cold and came through 850 degrees fahrenheit, just ready to melt, you know. Then it went into what you call the quench, quench tank, that is a slow dye solution, which broke the vanadium uranium down. From there [it went] to your tank room, and I don't know much about the process there. It went through the tanks and refined just a little, it got what they call the liquor, and when they got it up to a certain percent it went through the leach plants and into the presses and came out in the form of yellow cake, that'suranium, it's the yellow cake. It had to be fueled as well as vanadium. Anyway, then it all is black after it's a finished product--is yellow cake after it's fused as black metallic.SS: Well, you say that you feel like your trouble goes back to you mill days there. Do you think that they, maybe in experimenting didn't know some of the dangers or--?CH: Well, the fuel of this hot solid roast is just a 8
 CARLOS L . HYDEchlorine gas, and once in a while, you know, the drafts or something got on your roasters and it would be plugged up and you'd get your lungs full of that before you knew what was going on. I'm sure that's what started my emphysema or my lung trouble. I later got silicosis and--but my first troubles were down there.Well, you say you--in 1964 then you left the mill and then you went out to White Canyon. Did your family go out there with you?No, we lived out there the winter of '57. They moved down there; I had one daughter left at home. I thinkSS:CH:ss:CH:she was in the sixth grade and we moved down after that one school year.When you went down to White Canyon, did you go to work right away in the Happy Jack?I worked down on Hoskinini Mesa for old Jacob Mason for a while for a company--what was the name? C & G Mining Company-Clearfield and Gerlach. We did somesurface mining for them and some wagon drilling. I stayed there from September till December and then moved into the Happy Jack and stayed there.When was the Happy Jack shut down, do you recall? They shut it down the first of September '63. I stayed there for two weeks myself with another fellowSS: CH:9
 CARLOS L . HYDEand moved the equipment out of [itJ--shipped it to another location.SS: Now, Texas-Zinc owned it then, didn't they?CH: No, it was sold to, oh--ss: Atlas hadn't bought it already, had they?CH: Yeah, Atlas had bought it. What the devil was thename of the people? I should know. I filed a silicosis claim against them after working for them six weeks. A-Z Minerals.ss: A-Z Minerals.CH: That's an Atlas subsidiary. But Texas-Zinc sold justsix weeks before they shut it down.SS: I'd like for you to tell me about--well, first I'llask, when you were working there, did you live there at the mine or did you live down at the little community at the river?CH: No, I lived right there at the mine. They had a pretty nice trailer park there at the mine.SS: I've been out there and seen it, were you there when they were doing any of that stripping the overburden off that fore area?CH: I was there all the time.ss: Would you tell me something about that?CH: Well, I said I was there all the time. I was therewhen it started and they got back to the point where 10
 CARLOS L . HYDEit was dangerous for working underground and shipping too, so they set it down you know, within a certain-- there isn't much to tell. They had some big equipment. I think they used 7 yard shovels, and would take about 30 foot lifts, you know. You can see the broken rim over there. In the deepest place they took 190 foot overburden off of the--to get down to the road. Well, they discontinued their underground mine until March or December, I believe it was. At least I moved out of there in March of 1958, the 10th of March, then I went back sometime just before the first of the year '58.Is that when you and your family lived in--I moved them out of there on the 10th of March in 1958, and then when I went back six or eight months later I lived in a trailer there. They came down on weekends and the following summer months, but I never did. They weren't there all the time, just in time. Did your one daughter that you mentioned go to school down there?She went to school in Fry in the winter of '57.SS: CH:SS:CH:SS: Oh, in Fry.CH: School in '58.SS: Was there a good-sized community at Fry then?CH: Yes, there was quite a bunch of people at Fry and11
 CARLOS L . HYDEthose--that Isabella Construction you know had quite a camp down there.SS: Oh, no, I didn't know.CH: Isabella Construction had about 25 or 30 kids and theHappy Jack employees. Julia-- JH: Y es?CH: How many kids are there in White Canyon? I think there were about 60 pupils.JH: What was it?CH: Weren't there about 60 pupils down there in Fryschool when Carolyn went to that one?JH: I don't thing there were quite that many.CH: Anyway, they had a bus, kept a bus.JH: More like 40 I think. For awhile there was, you know,it changed as people moved in and then moved out. Itchanged; I'm not sure.SS: Was the little community down there by the river, didthey fold their school up when the Fry Canyon schoolgot going or was there enough to run them both?CH: No, they never did have a school at White Canyon,that I know of after Fry started Fry Canyon school. SS: Then what did they do, just bus those kids?CH: I don't know of anybody living over at White Canyonat that time.JH: I don't think there were any children in the school12
 CARLOS L . HYDEmonths at the river at all. They did have a store and a post office there, didn't they?CH: Yes, they did, but there weren't children living there.SS:CH:I guess the AEC must have had some people in there about then.Well, there's quite--I don't know if the AEC--the AEC did have people down there too, but when Texas Zinc was dealing with Bronson Cooper, to buy that outfit they had four or five men [who] stayed at White Canyon and drove back and forth. But as soon as the transaction was completed they set up again right there.Well, were you there when the change of ownership took place?Yes.Did the conditions in the mine change very much under the different ownership? Were you working, were you leasing the Happy Jack then?I was working on the tonnage and footage contract the same as it was at Texas-Zinc. Texas-Zinc gave us the same contract that Bronson Cooper had been paying us for the first couple of years. They later cut it some, but then they had better equipment andeverything you know, so-- 13SS:CH: SS:CH:
 CARLOS L . HYDEss:CH:When you were working there for Cooper and Bronson, who really directed the mining there, who was in charge of it?I couldn't say that they had any direction. Warren Bronson was the chief boss of the company, company man. There were only five of them working, they were all in Montezuma. We were working on the contract, my brother and I, we just did---?--- Joe Cooper would come down once in a while. He was the biggest owner, you know. He owned half interest and the Bronsons half. He was working for Joe, but Warren was supposed to be overseeing the company besides the Happy Jack, but we were on a different contract than he, and he had nothing to say to us.I see. Were you working different portals and channels?Yes.Did they have a pretty good ventilation system in the Happy Jack then?Yes, the air was always good at the Happy Jack allSS:CH: SS:CH:the time I was there. As good a ventilation system-- SS: How did you feel about the changeover from using dynamite for blasting to using dynamite with prill?Did you fee like that was a big achievement?CH: It was a lot cheaper for us. We had in our contract14
 CARLOS L . HYDEthat we had to furnish our own explosives, and the cost of prill is just 50 percent of what dynamite was and just as efficient, so I couldn't--we were all pretty well pleased with that change.SS: I understand that you can't use prill if you've got any water. Did you have that problem in the Happy Jack?CH: Well, just one or two little spots in the Happy Jack are wet, and I never had to work one of them. I was always in the dry country. But I didn't know that you couldn't use prill in damp spots.SS: Well somebody told me that.CH: Well, it's logical. I don't know. You have to useenough dynamite anyway to explode it. Use a stick or two of dynamite in each hole along with your prill, and so it looks to me like the powder really explodes the prill even if it was wet.SS: What part of the Happy Jack were you mining, if you can describe it to me? I've seen it. I don't know if I can follow you or not, but I'll try.CH: Oh, I forget what the devil. I started pulling pillars a year or two before, while the rest of them were still developing.ss: Now is that over in that, I don't have any idea what direction is what from up there, but those--they were15
 CARLOS L . HYDEshowing me one big area over toward where the road comes in that had had huge rooms, had had ore taken out and they pulled the pillars and it all collapsed.CH: I pulled four one hundred square pillars before anybody else started pulling pillars. There were about fifteen hundred feet square there that was completely all taken out and caved in.SS: Well, now is that more dangerous than just your channel work?CH: Oh yes. Tunnel work, just drifting, development work isn't dangerous, if you take any precautions at all, but when you start to take in everything behind you, then it does get dangerous.SS: Did you ever have any problems with it, any accidents?CH: Yes, they had two or three men crippled up there. I've been hurt two or three times.ss: From cave-ins or blasts or--?CH: Cave-ins as a rule, or just slabs you know,something.SS: There looks like--in parts of the Happy Jack therewas rather a lot of that clay that you kind of liketo stay away from.CH: Gad, you can't timber that clay. It keeps decomposingyou know and falls away from your timber and you 16
 CARLOS L . HYDEcan't loophole it either. Clay's the hardest ground there is to handle.SS: I was being completely ignorant of minerals when I started this project, and I'm not much better now. I was really surprised that the sandstone held as well.CH: I don't think you could get, now I don't think you could see hardly anything the old Happy Jack wasn't. You might get back in two or three hundred feet but we were back there 2,400 feet when we started to back out, and the part they're working now, if you were in any work going on in there, that isn't any part of the old Happy Jack at all.SS: Well, the old Happy Jack was back where you--CH: At the lift where they're working now. It had drift.The Happy Jack entrance went in almost south. The entrance goes in almost south. I've been twisted down in that country myself. I never did get it straightened out very good, but it sort of went into the southeast.ss: Well, how was it to live down there so far away from your family? Was it pretty lonesome or--?CH: Oh yes, it was lonesome, but they had a little recreation area. They had a little recreation building [where] they used to square dance and havepicture shows and lots of softball games. They had a 17
 CARLOS L . HYDElittle recreation most of the time.SS:CH:ss:CH:SS:CH:Being kind of off like that and away from the regular towns, were there many things happen that were kind of rough or rowdy or that kind of thing?Oh, it wasn't that bad. A 1ittle rough housing. I remember when they had that benefit for that school, when the school house opened.Yeah, I understand that school house at Fry was built from the beer money from a party or some such thing. That's right. There were a few knockdowns and dragouts that night. I left once it got rough but--I wonder if the school board had thought about that lately. They've all been hollering about money.There wasn't any school board or anybody like that down there. This fellow that owned the store, he just said any profit would go into the school housebenefit for everybody's progeny. All the miners in that country made good money and were pretty good spenders.SS: Well, let's see. I understand that some people had some trouble down there with claim jumpers. Do you know anything about that?CH: Oh, no. I heard of some claim jumping, a few disputes among foreigners, but I wouldn't make trouble about that. There were three partners, one of them a deputy18
 CARLOS L . HYDEsheriff, and he had pistol whipped his partner and his other partner's deputy sheriff and they had to take him in. It was kind of a mess.Yeah, I imagine there were a good many thing that were--But I don't think there was ever but very little trouble over there with claim jumping.Well, one thing that I had wanted to ask you, of the people down there that you knew that worked down in that area, were they mostly people from San Juan County and around this area or were there a lot of them from out of state?Well, most of them were from this Four Corners area. The majority of them were from out there in Colorado.SS:CH:SS:CH:SS:CH:I'd say about 50 percent of them--I'm speaking of the Happy Jack alone. There were about 50 percent of them [from] Colorado and about 50 percent of them[from] Utah.And you say that there was a pretty nice trailer camp there at the Happy Jack? Did most of the people live in trailers?Yeah, everybody that lived there was in a trailer. That's all there was. The company owned the trailers. The company moved in the trailers and rented them tothe miners--really reasonable. 19
 CARLOS L . HYDEss: I guess you bought your own supplies and things. Didyou do you own cooking or did the company keep a cookhouse?CH: No, they never did maintain a cook house. That is,they had a small one there that accommodated just the personnel for a few weeks or months or two, and then they banned that. Everybody either had their family there or batched, did their own cooking.SS: The employees that worked there at the Happy Jack: did they seem to like it? Did they stay a long time or was there a bug turnover in people?CH: There was no turnover. Some of the people ---?--- Happy Jack miners a day off so they could get a job, but there were not turnovers. Oh, everybody was satisfied. They tried a dozen times to get me to take the mine foreman's job but I wouldn't have it. But there was not turnover in men.SS: They must have been content then.CH: Oh, yeah, they were all satisfied. They did a lot ofhollering, but then you couldn't have run them offthere if you wanted to.SS: Well, now when you were working there, where was theore going? Where was it being shipped?CH: It went to Mexican Hat.SS: And did you haul it or was it hauled? Did you go20
 CARLOS L . HYDEacross to Hite and down or did it come back?CH: It never did go to Hite. See, if you want the history of the whole thing you've got to go back to where Vanadium Corporation of America made a little deal with Cooper and Bronson to furnish them 30 tons a day to run a pilot mill there at Hite. That's where-- that's the reason they started. But I think after[they] set that pilot mill down the stockpiles were all there at the foot of the hill below the Happy Jack for three or four years. Then when they got that--oh, it was Highway 262 I believe was the number of it, [the one that] goes from Mexican Hat up into White Canyon--as soon as that road was completed they started hauling it right from the mine to the Mexican Hat mill. Then the next thing, the stockpiles [went] immediately after that.SS: It seemed to me that the AEC had put a buying station down there.CH: They did.SS: That ore that was stockpiled, had that already beensold by the company to the AEC?CH: Yeah, all of the mining companies were selling it tothe AEC and they were stockpiling it right there.ss: What were ásome of the other mines in that area thatwere pretty good producers? 21
 CARLOS L . HYDECH:Well, they've got the Maybe mine, [which] was a pretty good producer; it was one of the highest grade producers in the country. Of course it didn't produce the tonnage as a lot of the others did. I'm notSS:CH:familiar with any of the other mines there. I remember the names of half of them that I knew. One that I would ask you if you knew specifically was the Radium King.don'taboutSS:CH: SS: CH:Radium King was a big producer for a long time,never worked there and I used to know some miners that worked there. It was a pretty big producer for a long time and it may even be still producing. I don't know.I wonder if you could tell me what some of the otherminers' names were that were in there?Do you mean at the Happy Jack?Or the Radium King or anywhere.Oh, I can remember half of them. Most of them went by a nickname anyway so that I wouldn't know the right name. There at the Happy Jack, Dee Squires was themine foreman and Frank Swank was a miner and R.B. Howell. My brother was down there for several years. Lee A. Hyde. Oh, Robert Rosenal1, Jack Casey, Jack Squires, Jim Linton, Ken Blank was down there for a while. Oh, I can't remember those fellows' names.22but I
 CARLOS L . HYDEReed Bailey was there for several years.SS: Well, that's very helpful for me sometimes. It's kind of hard for us to find people. Let's see, then when you finally did quit mining, it was for health reasons.CH: Yes. When the A-Z Minerals shut the Happy Jack down. They just operated for six weeks after they bought it. When they shut that down they gave me a transfer, offered me one to this La Sal mining district over here. But it was under different management. Theysent me in for a physical and I couldn't pass it. So--that was in September of '63. That was the last of my mining. I worked for San Juan County for three years after I got to work with the mine--drove a truck.ss: Let's see. Do you know what the A-Z Minerals had in mind when they bought the Happy Jack? Did they not plan to operate it or did they--?CH: I don't know what their plans was. It was a surprise to me to see them shut down and move all the equipment when it was as dugout as we were, you know. Another three or four months we would have had all the ore in the old Happy Jack, and they shut it down,pulled all the equipment out, you know. I never could figure their play out. I think it was kind of23
 CARLOS L . HYDEpoli tics, but then I don't know.ss:CH:Do you know anything about the old contract that Bronson and Cooper had with VCA down there at that pilot mill?I don't know a thing about their contract. Not a thing in the world. I know they were under contract to furnish 30 tons a day to run that pilot mill to see if they could recover the ore good enough to build a mill and the necessary money.But that pilot mill never was very successful, was it?Oh, I think it was just an experiment and I think they found that they could save the ore and everything when they settled down. Of course they didn't get too good of an extraction there, but theway I understand it Bronson-Cooper just got paid on what they recovered, see. They didn't get too well paid for the ore because it didn't get a good recovery to begin with.It seems to me that I read somewhere that later on the tailings from the Happy Jack, after they had been run through that pilot mill were later re-hauled down to Mexican Hat.SS:CH:SS:CH: Well, there was some talk of moving, but if they ever moved them it was after--well, I didn't know when24
 CARLOS L . HYDEthey did, but then the tailings would be good commercial ore. It was commercial ore, but I don't know whether they moved them or not. I know they did a lot of sampling down there at Texas-Zinc ofSS:CH:SS:CH:SS:CH:tailings piles. Whether they moved or not I don't know before it got under water.Were you down there long enough to see the water rising after they built the dam?Oh no. I came out of there in '63 and it hadn't backed up.Okay, I don't think I have any more questions. Is there something you'd like to throw in for good measure?No, I don't know of anything. I don't think that water raised back up in there until about time they got those bridges built across White Canyon and the Dirty Devil [and] Colorado [Rivers].The water hasn't been up on that little river community side too long, huh?Well, they had to move out of there about three years ago, but it's just enough water raised up to that little--where they used to run the post office storesup there, just to move them--that's all. I understand that the lake's the highest now it's ever been and it might have come up White Canyon several miles. I25
 CARLOS L . HYDEunderstood that where we used to cross White Canyon going to the river would be under water when the lake was full. I have an idea maybe it is now because we came through there two or three months ago, the first time my wife's been down since I moved out of there. We came across Hanksville and went to White Canyon this spring, went through a snow storm down in White Canyon. I drove out there, there they've been working on a stretch of new paving out there. Boy, from Lake Powell until you get to that construction, those trucks hauling that equipment in and the rocks and oil and stuff, just big old chuckholes full of dust all along, you can't see them.CH: They're paving that road now from where the bridge crosses White Canyon back to the River Bridge up at Lake Powell.SS: Yeah, that's paved and they've got another stretch, I guess . it' s--the pavement doesn't come too far the other side of the White Canyon bridge. It wouldn't go I wouldn't think more than three or four miles and then it's not paved way beyond Fry. Then they've got about a 15 or 20 mile stretch that they're pavingthis summer.CH: Yeah, that was all under construction when we camethrough, but that road from where you turn off, where 26
 CARLOS L . HYDEyou go to, it's just a tack coat, they just spray it all on the driveway and mix it and make it into---?-It's just a tack coat they call it. I was just wondering if they had put some oil and mulch on it this summer and made a decent road out of it becauseit was breaking pretty bad when we came up.SS: Yeah, I think they've been so dry down there they haven't been able to work at all, the dirt part. Well, I certainly do thank you for your time and yourinformation.CH: W ell, you're welcome.[END OF INTER VIEW]27