 GRANT L . SHUMWAY Blanding, UtahAn Interview By Dorothy ErickUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-143July 21, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 21. 1970Tape #1:Elk Ridge Mines ..............¥..... 1The Bust . . . . . . . . . . . NuclearPowerPlants.Japanese Proposal ...... . PollutionandNuclearPower Waiting for a New Demand International Market.Miners. . . . 4 ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 7 . ¥ . . 13 . ¥ ¥ . ¥ . . . . . 15 18 23 . . . 26 Health and Safety Considerations . . . . . . 28 Current Exploration ............¥ ..... 32Large Corporations and SmallUranium Reserves ............ . The Future of Nuclear Power.Geology and Prospecting . .The Geiger Counter and Airplanes . . . . . Prospecting Trips. . . ....... . Ore Bodies He Located and Navajo RegulationsAEC Dealings With Locals. . . . . His Family in Blanding . .3437 . 41 43 47 50 52 55
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY DOROTY ERICK WITH GRANT L. SHUMWAY ON TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1970 AT 9:15BLANDING, UTAH. THIS IS A ORAL HISTORY PROJECT ,COLLEGE A T FULLERTON ANDP .M. IN THE SHUMWAY LIVING ROOM, TAPE FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY CO-SPONSORED BY C A L IFORNI A ST A TE THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. [TAPE #1.]DE: Well, we're sitting here this lovely evening and I would like to have you tell us who you are and some personal data from here.GS: Well, my name is Grant Shumway. I'm a geologist. I live in Blanding, Utah where I've resided for the last fifteen years. I graduated from the University of Utah in 1950 with a BS degree in geology. After serving two years in the Armed Services I moved me and my family to Moab and began an engineering business consulting, surveying, generally speaking, in part of the uranium boom in 1950, in the middle'50s. In 1957 I moved from Moab to Blanding. At this time I began (with a partner) exploring for uranium ores in the Blanding area. Principally, I've been involved with exploration for uranium and copper type ores as they were located in the Elk Ridge Mining D istrict and the White and Red Canyon mining districts and somewhat in Monument Valley. I've been involved in the search for uranium minerals as far south as Chinle, Arizona, but basically my most effort that I've put forth has been in the Elk Ridge areas where in 1957 through our drilling and exploration efforts we located a sizable uranium ore
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY #1body and began underground mining of it in 1957. We were shipping ore at the time to the mill in Monticello which was a government owned mill. Weshipped in the neighborhood of 50,000 tons of ore during a period of three years, from 1957 until 1960. In this particular mine it was mostly uranium and copper ores. During this time of course we had exploration projects going on with our drilling equipment in the Elk Ridge area, and during this time we located an additional ore body in another area in the Elk Ridge mining district. In 1960, we, after the original discovery was mined out, began mining this one. We shipped from '61 to '62 approximately 20 to 25,000 tons of uranium ore from this mine. During the years that these two mines were being mined we expanded our activities into the Monument Valley area where Texas-Zinc Minerals has built and completed a new mill. They were making an effort to find additional uranium reserves to make the mill run for an additional four years. So they had an exploration project that was really a sizable project.Did they have any government backing for this?Do you mean did Texas-Zinc Minerals have any backing?DE:GS:DE: Yeah.GS: Well, no, the mill that they built, they built with2
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1private money, but the backing as far as the government was concerned would be only that the government guaranteed a price for the product. At that time they were paying eight dollars a pound for the refined products. The mill would pay the minersin the neighborhood of four dollars a pound depending on the grade, but the average grade was around four dollars a pound and then they would keep four dollars a pound for themselves for the mining of the ore. The exploration project they launched was not successful, and as a result the mill ([which] was located then at Mexican Hat) closed, and I--we had by that time located a small ore body in Monument Valley and we were shipping to them. It was basically a uranium ore. There wasn't copper associated with it at this time.DE: Were they able to handle the copper and the uranium mixture at that particular mill?GS: Yes, yes. In fact they had copper flotation cells there. Eventually when they tore the mill down they moved to Atlas Minerals in Moab after they were not able to find sufficient reserves there. A tlasMinerals bought it, and those flotation cells were moved to Atlas Minerals Mill in Moab and are still being used in recovering copper from the uranium3
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY # 1 ores.DE: Well, are you still maintaining any shipments then? GS: Well, after the mill closed at Mexican Hat we shipped what ore we had there, even Monument Valley, all the way to Moab to Atlas Minerals. In the meantime we haddiscovered another ore body down near Chinle, Arizona, which was considerably further away, but it was an ore body that could be mined very cheaply and we could afford to ship it that far, so we sold additional ore to Atlas Minerals in Moab. Then in1966 and '67 we moved back to Elk Mountain and began another exploration program in an effort to find additional ore for us to ship to Atlas Minerals now. We still had some smaller ore bodies around, missing ore bodies that we wanted to mine out. We spent from'66 until '68 mining ore around the original ore bodies, and of course in 1968 the price of uranium went from, at least in our area, from 22 dollars a ton--they paid 16 dollars a ton for an average grade of 20 hundredths plus six dollars a ton to get it hauled to Moab. In 1968 the 22 dollar price was reduced to 13 dollars a ton. So of course all exploration and all mining in this area at that time was through. We have presently in the area one mine owned by Atlas Minerals and another individual mine4
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY #1that is still in operation in this area, shipping to Atlas Minerals. But at one time during the middle'50s and early '60s there was in the neighborhood of a hundred mines in operation in this area. Now there are two in the entire district.Can you account for this?DE:GS: Well, the only way you can account for it is ofcourse is that the price of uranium has gone from like I say 22 dollars for an average grade of 20 hundredths down to 13 dollars, and it just is not profitable at the present day prices.DE: Can you account for this drop in prices, I mean other than that we've had--well, we really haven't had an oversupply of uranium, but I mean the things that have happened?GS: Well, you see, back in the early '50s the AEC had uses of uranium. It was being used for mainly for building bombs and that type of thing and [they] were experimenting with it as far as reactors and so on, but really not so much use for it for anything other than armament type of things back in those days. Some radium and so on were used in cancer treatments and so on. As far as a major use of it, that didn'tdevelop until, oh, heck, the middle '60s. That begins with the market realistic as far as nuclear reactors5
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1are concerned. Of course when they resume building them we could begin seeing the possibilities they have and--or then the interest begins to become a root. But you see in 1960, in 1962 the Atomic Energy Commission Program itself was over with. In 1962 that was the end of their program and likewise the end of the eight dollar a pound ore. Back in those days weall designed our programs to be through by 1962 because that's when it was going to be over with. But because of the developments in the nuclear reactor field the Atomic Energy Commission extended it to 1966, but they were beginning to gather what they considered a large stockpile of uranium ores. So in 1966 they went out, but they didn't buy--not way before that, it was in 1958 actually that they said they wouldn't buy anymore uranium ores. A fter November of 1958, any new ore body, in other words, that was discovered after 1958 they wouldn't buy. This was the thing that made us sure that by 1962 the program was going to be ended. But in 1962 the nuclear reactors began to look a little bit better so they extended their program to 1966 and we set up again and figured by 1966 it was going to be over. Then in 1966 the Atomic Energy Commission set up a stretch-out program. I don't know if this pertains to6
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY # 1prospecting very much, but this is the reasoning why things have gone the way they have.DE: It's very important in the industry.GS: In 1966 they told us anyone that had a mine thatwanted to continue to mine it from 1966 through 1970 could enter into a stretch-out program. In other words, ship lesser amounts of uranium from 1 66 to '68 in order to be able to ship ore from '68 to '70, see. Well, the ore bodies that we had at that time weren't sufficient that we felt we wanted to stretch-out, so we didn't and we went ahead and shipped what ores that we felt we could make a good profit on, up through 1968. Then we closed the mine. The books are still closed, and right now I have oh, numerous claims and numerous properties that have potential and the early assessment work on them in anticipation of a price increase. Of course, anyone that's familiar with the uranium industry and familiar with the projections of what's going to happen with these nuclear reactors, why, it's just--it's fantastic. The government, for instance, was building a uranium ore reserve from 1948 through 1968. During that period of time they only ended up with a surplus of 50,000 tons of uranium. The whole AEC program, according to the projections of the atomic reactors that will be7
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY #1running the nuclear power plants by 1980, or 1975, the year 1975 will use 37,000 tons of uranium, you see. In other words, almost that amount in that one year the AEC stockpiled for a full twenty years. While they were doing this, they were payingincentive bonuses for the prospector to go out and find these ore bodies and were paying the haulage up to a hundred miles to the mills and so on. Yet they were only able to come up with 50,000 tons of uranium. By 1980 if they don't use--if we don't use it--if we're not able, we as prospectors and mining engineers and geologists and so on, are not able to find a lot more uranium, according to the projections of 1980, all the present known reserves, which is approximately a little over two hundred thousand tons of uranium will be used by 1980. My goodness, this last--well we went to California on our trip to go see the San Onofre plant there, and it was quite interesting to me because I was able to relate the size of the ore bodies that we'd been mining to an electric generating plant, to get an idea of how much ore that it takes to operate one of these nuclear power plants. The big problem holding up a development of the nuclear power plant today, ofcourse, is public ignorance. They just don, t 8
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1understand that there isn't a danger within a nuclear power plant. Every one thinks it's just an atomic bomb and anything goes wrong we end up blown up. Soif someone, a power company wants to come to your community and build a nuclear reactor, immediately people that understand it begin reacting and going to the mayor and saying, "We don't want that thing here. Let's put it over in some other town. We want the electricity, but we don't want that. It might blow up in our face." But going through that plant there in California they make quite a point of explaining to the visitors that go there how really safe it is. Itreally is quite safe. But like I said before, it was interesting to me to relate the size of the ore bodies we mine to the electrical plant that's in operation there.DE: Would you like to explain a little bit about it on our tape?GS: Well, that plant is one of the pioneers in the atomic generating plants. It was one of the first, and I forget the size of it, but it's quite a large plant. The largest ore body that has ever been found in theWhite Canyon--Red Canyon--Elk Ridge D istrict, in other words, our area here, south of Moab area and north of the Monument Valley area, the largest ore9
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY #1body that has ever been found is what is called the Happy Jack ore body. It was a good ore body and a big one; it produced thousands of tons of ore for eight or ten years, and it takes an ore body approximately the size of that ore body to initially carry a plant such as this. These things operate so simply you can't believe it. I mean with me it was just reallysomething. You take a piece of uranium, just raw ore and hold a geiger counter over here next to it and the particles going off in the ore will go over to the tube in the geiger counter and make it react and let the needle indicate the amount of radiation that's coming from that rock. If you take a piece of lead and you put lead right between that geiger counter and that ore, no radiation reaches the counter so it shows there's nothing going on, you see. In actuality they still are going but the lead absorbs these rays as they're coming off the uranium. Well, these plants are that simple. They make little pellets about the size of your little finger and put them in steel tubes that are about four feet high, stainless steel tubes, and then put these in besides. The uranium pellets that they put in are of course enriched uranium, and they use only the 0235, I think it is. Anyway, you take a ton of raw ore--and the ore10
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY #1that we mined in this area for instance averaged approximately four pounds of uranium per ton of ore. In other words, four pounds out of two thousand pounds was ore, was uranium oxide. Then they take the uranium oxide and divide the U235 and U234. The material that they use in these little pellets is actually only one tenth of one percent of these four pounds you see, so you can see that the minute amountof a ton of raw uranium actually ends up in these pellets. They load those, they put these pellets in the steel tubes and then bundle the steel tubes up until they have, I think that was about, as I recall around six feet square it may have been. I think it maybe was a little longer. But anyway, in between each one of those tubes that they have they clear things; they put something that absorbs the radiationsimilar to a piece of lead that I was explaining that goes between the geiger counter and just the raw ore. In order for the reaction to occur all they have to do is just lift the shielding up so that these tubes are next to one another without any shielding in between them. Then one particle of uranium goes over and hits the nucleus of another particle of uranium and a minimum amount of heat is released. And when you've got billions and billions of them doing that11
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1and going on they have the whole thing submerged in water, it heats the water, and the whole thing is self-contained and heats the water to 600 degrees. Of course, they have to have strong steel in order to be able to contain this kind of pressure that has built up, and then they circulate that through other water, and this water in turn is turned into steam and drives the steam turbines that drive the generator. From then on the plant's just the same as a conventional plant. All they have to do to stop or start the reaction is lift these rods up and down that shield the reaction. It's that simple. It's just as simple as taking a raw piece of ore and a geiger counter and being able to see what's going on. The thing that amazed me was the simplicity of it and the amount of uranium ore that it takes, like I said. Why, this one ore body, it takes that amount toinitially charge it, and then as the reaction goes on the energy is used up of course. Every thirteen to fourteen months they have to replace approximately a third of these fuel cells in a reactor, and so on a monthly basis that particular plant uses an ore body that takes us, the way we were mining, approximately two years to mine. So that one plant uses two years of fuel that we mine. That's the reason that I think12
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1I've got a lot of faith in the uranium business by 1980 or 1975 to 1980. The price of it being able to get to where we can go back to the uranium businessin this area. That's why I'm holding onto my claims and that's why I'm keeping up the assessment work on them and I'm doing the same thing. That's the way I'm making my living, holding on, hoping for something like that to occur. Of course no one knows for sure whether it's going to or not, but this is the thing that we hope for and this is the thing that we're looking forward for presently. Of course it isn't an exploration program in the entire area that is going on actively right now because of the depressed price of uranium. That what would be equivalent of our AEC in Japan. The Japanese people were here and talked to me about the possibilities of them buying ore from us here and selling it in Japan. Japan's a long ways away, but they could actually pay, according to this fellow, according to this fellow they could actually pay in the neighborhood of 25 dollars a pound for uranium and be competitive with types of fuel that they have now on the island of Japan. Apparently they have to import all of their fuels. Maybe it's becausethere are so many people o_r whatever, I don't know, but he indicated to us that if we could make13
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1arrangements with Atlas or build our own mill or whatever, they would pay in the neighborhood right now of nine dollars a pound for it. Well, of course that's a dollar more than what the AEC had paid, but these are the kind of things that give us hope to look forward as far as the future of the industry's concerned. The only people that are actively engagedin any exploration programs principally are people, large companies that have their own mills and already have contracts with people like General Electric and various power companies to be able to sell their products.DE: Would the United States government allow uranium to be sold to Japan?GS: Well, the sell of uranium ores is under their control through this year, and after this year ends they're completely out of it. As to whether the AEC has any regulations on the sale to other countries, I really am not familiar with that, but since they're going to be getting out of the program I would guess that you would be able to sell it wherever you can get the best price.DE: This could almost be related to the sale of scrap metal prior to World War II, simply because the United States government hadn't either the foresight14
 GRANTGS:L . SHUMWAY #1or the available cash or the workings to go ahead and continue the project.Well, of course that's the story of that, is that wesent the scrap metal over to them and they shot it back at us. But with uranium I think you have to say it's a little different situation because Japan presently for instance is under contract with some larger Canadian countries and buying a lot of uranium ore there, and the little amount that it takes to build a bomb in comparison to the amount that it takes to run a nuclear generator plant for instance, why I'm sure they've got all the reserves that they'd ever need to build the bombs anyway. The thing they're looking for is to be able to find enoughuranium to house a nuclear generator plant.I know I sound a little diabolical, but having had the experience once, I mean you think of these things for not having had--it might not occur. I had a question right there about the relevancy of pollution and you went through this now. They have to keepreplenishing the ore monthly a third you said.A third every thirteen months.Oh, a third every thirteen months.Once every thirteen months. But alright, here's what's happening as far as the pollution isDE:GS: DE: GS:15
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1concerned. You know you go to a coal plant or you go to an oil plant, or any of the fossil type plants. You go to them and there are huge railroad cars of material coming in constantly to be burned to drive the generators. Of course there's a lot of pollution that comes from the trains that are hauling it, and then of course when it's burned there's a tremendous amount of pollution that comes in out of the air. But with a nuclear power plant all in the world that it does is it turns water into steam and so there's noneed, for instance--the nuclear reactor itself comes into these little pellets and you can park that in a small truck. [That is] all that it would need. Once a year you would have to bring a truckload of stuff in and that's it. As far as giving off any gases of any kind there's none of that, and the only pollution that would be involved at all is when they take the used cells out, those that have been, every thirteen months like I say they replace approximately a third of them. What they do, they take those used cells out which are not completely used up and they send them back to Oakridge, Tennessee. There they remove the rest of the uranium from the pellets that has not been used up during this process. There's also another fuel material that is generated by that. I'm16
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1really not too familiar with it, but it's supposed to be something that makes more fuel than it uses sort of thing. They remove the rest of the uranium from the pellets that was unused and put it in the new pellets and send it back, you see. So the only contamination there would be, is perhaps there would be something that they--maybe discarding of thesesmall steel tubes, maybe they'd be radioactive over a period of time. Maybe some of the equipment that they use in these plants as they wear out, maybe some of the pumps that are circulating charged water, those type of things start at--they're presently doing a huge place in a salt mine back in Kansas I think, to be able to put a lot of this stuff in; to be able to get rid of it. But as far as air pollution there is none. So the only type of pollution is radioactive scrap material, and I'm not sure. You have other people making interviews in those areas that would be a lot more qualified on that than I am.DE: Well, I was thinking more in the line then of the request for cleaning up and for anti-pollution might give an added incentive to have more nuclear powerplants, and that in turn wold start the ball rolling to request and put more uranium or have more uranium mined. And this is what you're looking forward to.17
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY # 1GS: Absolutely, we're out of business until the price ofuranium goes up. That's all there is to it. As far as our immediate area is concerned, like I say, there were over a hundred mines in operation here and now there are only two. As far as the uranium reserves in this area are concerned this area has supported either partially or fully--has been the backbone of five uranium mills in this area. The uranium ores that exist here certainly are not mined out. The only--maybe most all of the rim exposures have beenlocated and so on, and any uranium that would be found now would have to be found by drilling from deeper depths than before, but certainly the area is virtually--is barely scratched as far as the total uranium reserves that are here. It's just a matter of hitching together a experienced team and gong out and having the money and the knowhow to go find it. But at today's prices it's not worth it to find it. It's got, you've got to get the prices at least back up to that eight dollars a pound and maybe even a little more than that before it can be economical. So this is the only thing we can hope for as far as thearea of industry in this area.DE: And you feel that after the exploration after 1970,any where the United States, the government not 18
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY # 1having ---?---. Do you think private industry might take over and do the higher payments?GS: Well, you see, that's the reason the AEC went into this so-called stretch out program in 1968, is to finance, stretch their support out and give private industry time to remaking this adjustment. In fact Atlas' contract right now, which is where our market exists presently for the sell of uranium ore, they're contracts now, in the 1971 period. For instance, they will pay next year almost a dollar a ton more for ore than they will this year based on the private contracts they have with private power companies. That isn't enough to make it worthwhile to--?DE:GS: Well, no, it isn't yet. But you see here's the thing:right now the United States has eleven nuclear power plants, but there are in the neighborhood of between ninety and 100 nuclear power plants that are presently under construction or the nuclear reactors have been ordered from the AEC. Wel1, you're not going to buy gasoline for a brand new car to run it for the full life of the car. You're gong to wait until you buy the new car and get it. Then you'regoing to use the gas as it goes along, you see. Well, there's too much uranium to run eleven plants. It takes four to six years to build one of these plants,19
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY #1and there's a number of them that by 1975 will be in operation, so that being--in fact in 1975 they plan on using 37,000 tons of uranium in the projected plants that will be completed by then. Whereas this year they're using fifteen, see, less than half of what it will be then. By 1980 the projection goes up around 45,000 tons. Well, that uranium has got to come from someplace, and it can't come as long as the price is what it is. The uranium ore itself is of the type of ore that you never will find a large high grade deposit of uranium ore such as you find in lead and silver and so on. It isn't that type of an ore.It's more like a gold ore in that it's disseminated throughout and a type of ore that has been redeposited and so on. So the only thing you can hope for is disseminated deposits scattered throughout. For that reason I'm sure that it's going to require a constant exploration program in order to fill the supply of needed uranium for these plants. In fact, the fact of the matter is right now there is, because of the projected shortage of uranium at these prices anyway, some of them right now are considering that along with the public image that they're creating, the public resistance they're running into, they're considering--those that have considered nuclear power20
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY #1plants--they' re now considering fossil type plantsinstead, you see. When I was in San Onofre, the particular power company that operated that power plant, they have two other large power plants in that area and they supply a lot of the power for San Diego and the Los Angeles area. The fellow there told me that they have their other two power plants shut down to a certain extent and this one running full blast now, because they can produce electricity out of that cheaper than they can at the other plants, and of course that's money in their pockets, the cheaper they can produce it. Like I said, this one was the pioneer because I think they said $89,000,000 to build it but they're presently building two more. They're two more of this other hundred that I'm talking about, and they plan on being able to build. They're both going to be larger than this one and they plan on being able to build both of them forless than they did that one.DE: They're going back to a fossil type fuel. Isn't thatlike putting out a stage, or rather a drawbridge rather than a higher level? I mean it's slowing up or it's--GS: Well of course, the power companies, they're in the business to make money, and housewives throughout the21
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1United States are going to continue burning the toast, and they've got to have the electricity to doit, it's that simple. We project the increased need of electricity over the next ten to fifteen years-- it's just fantastic. That electricity has got to come from someplace, and if these power companies have customers that they can sell electricity to and they're having trouble with the local mayor for instance, being able to build the plant where they want it, why, they've got to supply these customers, so they have got to go wherever they can to be able to do it. As a result they're going to flip the page and take a little less margin in order to be able to keep everyone happy until the time comes when the public image is a little better as far as making reactors is concerned. There's another problem that we spoke of at least a few minutes ago. Where they've built on the ocean, like the one I visited, there really isn't any problem because they draw the ocean water in to cool the waters then they send it back out. The ocean's big enough that it doesn't matter. But some of them, some of them are built on some of the rivers and when they discharge the water back in the river it raises the temperature of the river three or four degrees, and of course it changes the22
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1plant life and the fish life and so on. Of course everybody kicks up their heels about that. That has been causing some problems. There's no doubt aboutit. These nuclear power plants are still brand new and there are a lot of bugs that have to be worked out of it. Electricity has got to come, and whether we pollute the air or whether we pollute the water, whether it's a choice of whether we do one or the other of those or not have it--I'm sure we're going to have it. So we've just got to decide mainly whether we're against feeding the water in the river two or three degrees or whether we want an air that we breathe so that the materials come out of fossil plants.DE: I'd had never thought, are these plants apt to get some foreign country such as Canada to supply the uranium that's needed?GS: Of course there's Canada and Great Britain who have been buying some uranium of course, from us. However, for quite a few years we bought ore from Canada. But presently, presently the free world is not producing any more than enough uranium ore to be able to supplywhere is needed. For instance South America, they produce quite a bit of uranium, but it's produced only as a byproduct of gold mining. The Canadian and23
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1South American ore mostly goes to Great Britain and France and those countries. France has had an active exploration program going on in Africa and they recently located a sizable ore body in Africa. But inanswer to the question as far as the needs of other countries are concerned, right now you can get a better price in just about any of the free countries than you can here in the United States. In San Juan County for instance, one of the largest mining companies in Canada, Rio Algum is sinking a 2,700foot shaft to a uranium ore body here. We don't know how true this is of course, but when a Canadian company--and they are under contract to sell their ores wherever they can get the best price out of it, of course. It is a very good possibility that ores that have been mined during the next five. years or ten years for this mine by a Canadian company will end up in places other than the United States. In fact, it's rumored for instance that they have already contracted with some of the Japanese power companies and that some of this ore will go by way of Canada to Japan and we, as the small prospector will be sitting here getting in the neighborhood of seven dollars a pound for it, that same ore from the same area that a Canadian company will be getting nine24
 GRANTDE: GS:DE: GS:L . SHUMWAY #1dollars a pound for it, you see.But can't the United States government change this? Only as long as they have controls of it. Like I say, they're getting out of the business the end of this year.I mean if--I don't know if they could legislate it or not or what, or if they--I don't, I'm really not familiar with the legal part of it. It might be that they'll have to get permission from the AEC to be able to sell to another country, I don't know. But since it is a Canadian company; therefore right out of Canada they bought the mine and they're sinking millions of dollars up there to get to it. It's a fabulous ore body, and as I said, they're putting millions of dollars into it. They've got about 300 feet left to go in their main shaft that's 2,700 feet. Yeah, 2,700feet. They've been working on it two years now.And just exactly where is this mine located?Well, it's in the northwest, or the northeast part of San Juan County which is just between Moab and Monticello. San Juan County is a pretty big county if you're familiar with it.It seems there should be a technicality sinceeveryone in the industry has been up to now, has been 25DE: GS:DE:
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY #1regulated by the government because it is a mineral rights--GS: Of course, this is the type of thing you find all the time. It's anytime that the government gets out of price supporting for instance, and while they're supporting the price they're protecting the small miners and they're protecting the small prospectors. For instance, the Atlas mill and the Texas Zinc mill down here, they told them before they would renew their contracts they had to accept a certain percentage of their ore from independent producers, see. Well, when they get out of it, it's like all of the other mining industries have gone. When the subleases go off of it the big companies are the ones that get into it and the small miners and the smallmining people are kind of crowded out of it to where it's all major companies. Look at the oil industry you can see there the giants that are built in Standard Oil and Texaco and so on like that. The uranium industry will end up the same way. In fact it's well down the road to that now, if these majorcompanies grow.DE: Well, there have been some uranium producerassociations, and I was wondering if they have their lobbies or if they have any really amount of so-26
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY # 1called "pull" in this state.GS: Well, yes. In fact I belonged to a group here that-- but you see the way these things happen is certainly in no way--I'm not complaining about these types of things because it's just the way things go, but there are rations of mines, for instance, if you consider that. The AEC has arbitrarily established what they consider to be a safe limit of radiation in an underground uranium mine. In order to be able to maintain the limit they say is safe--whether it is nor not, I don't know--this lung cancer that they're trying to blame on uranium, from personal standpoint, I believe is mostly from cigarette smoke, because most miners smoke cigarettes and that's where I think it comes from mostly. But anyway, the radiation limits that they're going to require particularly towhere the small mines and the small miner cannot maintain the type of ventilation equipment that would be required to be able to keep the mines as free of radiation as they want. You see the way a small mine operates, a couple of guys get together and they buy some equipment and they work it and operate it themselves. If the air isn't good all the time they don't worry about it too much. But when you're a large company and you're hiring a lot of people,27
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1you're responsible for the safety of those people. Because the government comes in with all their high powered testing equipment and says, "This is dangerous to these men. You've got to make it so itisn't or we'11 close the mine." You've got to meet their standards. So as a result this is another thing that as I indicated before it's going to make--it's crowding the small miners out of the uranium business. Another reason it will end up the major companies mining the big ore bodies, the larger ore bodies and the smaller type ore bodies and the small prospecting things that brought about the boom in 1957, '55 and along around there is a thing of the past and it's happening because of that. Even if the price were to go sky-high now, why still it would be- -it wouldn't be a private small mining type of thing where the public could get involved in it like it was then.DE: Partly because they had to go underground--the outcroppings and surface mining is gone. That was even then and now--GS: As far as our area here is concerned anyway. Some places up in Wyoming, they're still doing strip mining and so on, but not in here. The deeper deposits are going to have to be mined now, and it28
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY # 1requires considerably more ventilation to mine them then those closer to the outcrop exposure and so on.DE: Have they had--you mentioned now that most of the miners smoke. Have they had any real valid proof?GS: Well, there have been two miners, two miners, two cases that I know of, and the State of Utah Industrial Commission. The widow of a miner who has died has applied to the Industrial Commission of the State of Utah for benefits from them because her husband died of lung cancer, and research has shown that both of these two were heavy smokers! Now thisis just all that I now have. There may have been many more cases, but that's just all that I know of. Of course, I'm sure that those people are much better equipped to determine actually what really causes it, but--DE: Well, think of all the people who did go through all this, those who did not smoke then and still have never contracted lung cancer.GS: I don't know of any, let's say. I think I've been here for fifteen years and my dad and close relatives here in Blanding have been in the mining business since it began clear back in 1945 and it certainlyhas never been any of them, and they're up to sixty- five and seventy years old now and there's never been29
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1any of them that's had any problem as far as lung cancer is concerned. Of course, this is just a littleisolated field. You take the whole industry, why maybe the picture would be different.But in your case, aren't most in your family Mormons? Uh-huh.And Mormons as a general rule, anyway, do not smoke. That's right.So there can be some correlation or there can be some way of looking at this picture.Well, of course that's, that's my feeling about it, but I think mostly the problem as far as lung cancer and radiation underground's concerned it's not. The damage the cigarettes is doing is being blamed largely on radiation. That's what I'm trying to say. And it's still true that the older a person gets the chance of dying of cancer any place in their body is greater.Yeah. But as far as I'm personally concerned I certainly don't worry about it. I guess I probably have been in every mine, small or big in this entire area at one time or another, either in a professional sense or as a miner or as a person in charge of aDE: GS: DE: GS: DE:GS:DE:GS:mine.DE: Now if the need becomes great enough can the30
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY #1government can go back and give a renewal to AEC or can subsidize them?GS: Well, certainly they could, but I don't think there'd ever be a need for that. The reason I say that being when these hundred some odd nuclear power plants get into operation they've got to get the fuel someplace to run them. Certainly this is just the infancy of the entire industry. What will it be by the year 2000 for instance? Maybe we'll have in a hundred or two hundred more, you see. I think the price of uranium will automatically adjust itself. You see,for our areas here and many of the other areas, high grade ore bodies that have been found always have a low grade associated with it. The prices that have been for them--you just take the high grade. There's a lot of low grade left, and in the calculations the AEC has of the total pounds of uranium proven ore reserves, they don't take into account these lower grade reserves because they're not economical at eight dollars a pound. You see you raise the price of ore say to 12 to 15 dollars a pound, then all of the lower grade ore there is automatically economic to mine. It increases the total reserve then so that your lower graded ores--and when you start going into lower grade ores then we have sufficient reserves31
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1through the year 2000. But as far as the 8 dollars a pound ore, it's going to be over with unless there are some fantastic discoveries made between now and 1980. During the years of 1968 and '69 there was the largest concentrated exploration program of searching for uranium ores that's ever been launched for any metal in the history of the whole mining business. There was--I don't remember exactly the figures, but it's a fantastic amount of footage that was drilled during these two years, looking for uranium reserves. In fact, it was the equivalent footage during 1968 and '69 drilled looking for uranium that was drilled during the years 1948 to 1968. In other words, twenty years of exploration were concentrated into those two years, 1968 and 1969, and they only increased the total known reserve by 25,000 tons, which isn't enough to even operate for the year 1975, for instance.DE: May I ask, where has been all the drilling and searching for reserves?GS: All the countries that own mills.DE: Not just the AEC then?GS: The AEC hasn't been in the exploration program since19--oh, early '50s.DE: This is when they came in and gave the reserve, the32
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY # 1amount of reserve being quite meager.GS: Yeah.DE: Can you tell us why you think they gave such a lowreserve?GS: Well, of course the AEC back in the mid '50s and soon, all they were doing was they needed a little bit of--the thing that started it all was the atomic bomb and the materials that they needed in medicine to fight cancer and so on. There really wasn't much use for uranium, and so they in the middle fifties say, "Well, look, we've just got, we've got 50 thousand tons of uranium. My word, that would build more bombs and it's just much more than we can foresee any need for." So they said in 1958, "I'm sorry, we've got all we need; we don't want any. more. We're not going to buy ore from any ore body that found after that date." But from the date of 1958 until 1968 this is the age of the nuclear power plant we turn into sight you see. Then in 1967 and 1968 the AEC began amassing how much uranium ore was going to be needed, you see. Then all these major companies, I mean almost every major oil company in the United States in 1968 and 1969 got into the uranium business. There was literally millions of dollars spent in exploration hunting for uranium reserves because of the33
 GRANTL . SHUMWAY # 1announcement that the AEC had made and the projections that they showed. So that explains the program that is presently going on. It has slowed down somewhat, but I expect it to continue at a high pitch for the next five to six years at least.DE: Makes you feel it would be an investment on their part?GS: Right, yes. They're able to sell the ores. Atlas for instance, right now their contract which they won't- -which is a big dark secret, which they won't let out to us at least, but we get the feeling they're getting around seven dollars a pound for their ore from companies like General Electric and so on. So they're not selling directly to AEC. So GeneralElectric of course is on the mind right now. "Well, we've got plenty of ore for our needs presently," because like I say there's only eleven of them going now, but what's going to happen in 1975 when there's a hundred of them and 1980 when there's a hundred of them? I wonder what's going to happen by the year 2000 when there's maybe twice that many going.DE: I'd 1ike to go back even before that when the AEC said we didn't have enough reserves and that they gave away the atomic secret in order to get reserves from abroad.34
 GRANT L . SHUMWAY # 1GS: Well, of course this all occurred back in the veryearly days of 1950, or 1948 when this-- [END OF S I D E ONE]35
 [ T H I S I S THE CONTINUA TION OF AN INTER VIEW WITH SHUMWAY CONDUCTED BY DOROTHY ERICK ON JUL Y 2 1 , BLANDING, UTAH FOR THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY TAPE #2, SIDE 2.]GRANT L . 1 9 7 0 I NPROJECT .GS: We, we had built a bomb and we had entered the war, and this stuff was scarce. We want you, John Doe Public, to go out and find us uranium, every deposit that you find that's a major deposit of any kind and we'll pay you $36,000 bonus on it. Now this is actually what they did, and so this is the thing that caused the boom in the early ¥sos. Everyone was let out and they did it, they literally did it. John Doe Public went out and they found all of these reserves till by the year 1958 the AEC was saying, "Shut it off, shut it, we've got enough [of this] sort of thing," you see. I don't think during that period the AEC sold any reserves to any of the countries. Of course I don't know. In fact, I know they were buying a lot of ore from Canada.DE: Right, we were buying it. I wondered why they thought we didn't have reserv~s when they had sent out their geologists to assay what we had.GS: Well, because we just didn't. The AEC had a program right in this area to try to find ore. They were actively engaged and had their own drill rig in this area to find ores, and they were not coming up withwhat was needed, so that's why they called on John 36
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1Doe Public and people like myself. We went out and found it. Now in order to sustain the industry there's just going to have to be a tremendous amount found. They're either gong to have to dig a tremendous amount of ore that can be mined cheaply or they're going to have to raise the price of it in order that lower grade ores can be mined. It's that simple as far as I'm concerned. Because like I said to begin with, these housewives that got a brand new toaster have got to have electricity to go with it. You can only build so many of these hydroelectric plants on the river and they're just already lined with them, you know. Let áme see now, it's simple, it's plants like these San Onofre that operate now, quiet and pleasant and inconspicuous, you know. Compare it to these other huge things you know, why it really makes you stop and think. I really think, I really think someday, it won't be in your or my lifetime, but I think someday there is a very good possibility that there will be a little power plant in maybe a town, even as small as this that would supply all of the heat and electricity for homes andmaybe even turn it to the point there might be a little generating unit of some kind in each individual home, and do away with all these37
 GRANT SHUMWAY # 1transmission 1ines and so on 1ike that. Of course, that's actually dreaming.DE: That's projecting.GS: It's possible, it's possible. They just launched a--they're just about ready to launch an aircraft carrier, Admiral Nimitts, and that thing will be able to run, to fuel up and be able to run with that one reactor just being able to add a little bit of fuel to it every couple of years or so, the last five years without having to bother with the reactor at all. When you compare that to the millions and millions of gallons of diesel for instance, that the other aircraft carriers take, they have to take on thousands and thousands of gallons to get to Hawaii and then they go from there onto Japan, why compared to what they have to carry this the fuel to get there, but with a nuclear reactor--and these submarines, that's another good example. The action requires combustion of it you see, with the other type of fuels, that is, so they charge it with uranium and they're able to go down and stay down for months and afterward they can even explore under the icecaps up in the North Pole. In the field of medicine for instance, that's expanding so fast you can't believe it. They're using uranium in a lot of38
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1their mills to determine thickness of metal and so on. You see there are many fields that are still in their infancy. This project Gas Budget they call it that the AEC has that they're trying different projects--for instance, over here in New Mexico theydrilled a hole down in a gas field, a known gas field and exploded a nuclear bomb type thing and fractured the sand in the gas field and tremendously increased the reserves of that particular field because it created a big cavity down there for it to come into. They've got twenty-five or thirty scheduled projects such as this. For instance, nuclear power in building something like the Panama Canal, you know, just set off a little bomb. These aren't something like Buck Rogers type things, they're becoming realistic and things that are going to happen right away. When you take the propulsion industry, in other words, the aircraft carriers and submarines, you take the field of medicine, and you take these AEC projects that we've talked about such as this New Mexico project and then tempo with that nuclear power plant, there's going to be a tremendous move for uranium, there just is. In another fifteen years watching it grow and watching it develop, I just believe that in another ten years from now they're going to be right back in39
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1this area looking for the ore that we've got here again because we've--they're going to need it bad enough that the price is going to be high enough for- -they can afford to pay what's required to mine. Actually you increase the price of uranium from well, say eight to ten dollars a pound for instance. It costs, using an arbitrary figure, it costs seven dollars to mine uranium and mill it. Well, when we were getting eight dollars we got a dollar a pound in profit them. But you simply increase that to nine dollars you see and your profit doubles. It could still cost the same to mill it and mine it, and youincrease it to 10 dollars and 12 dollar ore for instance, it would cause such a boom here in our area you wouldn't believe. Yet an increase of 12 dollars a pound in uranium ore going into these nuclear power plants would make such a small difference in the cost they could produce electricity it would be almost insignificant, because their major cost, of course, is in transmission lines and in initially building a plant. Like I say, this San Onotre Plant cost $89 millions to built. But once they're in operation they don't cost very much to operate. They requireapproximately 40% of the crew that the other type, the fossil fuel type uses in manpower to keep in40
 GRANT SHUMWAY # 1operation. Plus all the transportation systems that they do without.DE: Well you've almost answered the one question I started to ask of why you went into prospecting, and yet you are a geologist. You have had background of prospecting.GS: Well, of course the way this happened, the first mines that were found in this particular area were found by my father and nr. Shumway's father, andthey're the original prospectors in this country. They found the original ore bodies that were found here, and as a result of working with them and learning a little about it I became interested, so when I went to college that's what I majored in was geology and ended up right back down here doing the same type of thing that my father was doing, except I was able to apply the knowledge through my education and attack it somewhat different than he had and be able to use my knowledge good. Now, I've always been an independent sort of person from a personal standpoint, and in fact I've never worked for a company. I've always been self-employed, and the mines I speak of are mines that I discovered myself and mines that I supervised the mining of myself and they were mines for my benefit, you see. I haven't41
 GRANT SHUMWAY # 1ever worked for these major companies or for any small companies of any type.DE: You've never leased anyone else's mine?GS: Well, of course that's all part of the game, is leasing other people's claims. When I first came here for instance, all of the good areas were already staked, you know. These guys were out here stakingall the good areas while I was getting education, you see. So when I came to begin with, yes, I leased the claims and then developed them, but of course, the people that leased them to me had no idea they could be developed into the kind of ore bodies they were. The first ore body I found when I came here, some people had spent in the neighborhood of $50,000 running a drift into a drill hole, an isolated drill hole that had some good ore in it. They came to me and they said, "Would you like to lease this property?" I examined it and I thought quite a bit of it, and I had been doing some exploration work in that vicinity. In fact we had found some good indications of ore in another area and I wanted to drift that they had---?--- mainly to develop thisother area I was interested in.DE: Can you give the name and--GS: This is the Sandy Mine, and it's located on---?---42
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1All I did is that I went in and began running a drift towards this other ore that I was interested in and during the--in the meantime I had managed a little prospecting in the old workings where they had minedjust a meager amount of ore. Well, during the process we found that they had actually ran adrift under the ore body and five feet up the back there was seven million dollars worth of ore. That was the first time that we mined where we got one like that. It was under a lease.DE: Did you lease this from people who had been in this area?GS: Yes. In fact I leased it from one of my cousins. Cousins that were down here staking while I was going to college, see.DE: Who were they?GS: Oh, Burdett, Merlin and Gene--it's what's called theShumway Brothers of that area here. They've been in the mining business over since way back when. They mined a lot of ore and they¥ve been real successful in the mining business.DE: Did you usually use a geiger counter?GS: Oh yes. That's what you have to use to mine with.That's what you have to use. What you do is you pick out an area that looks promising as far as finding43
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1uranium ore is concerned and you drill a hole down through the zone where the uranium ore should be in and take a geiger counter and hook it to a long cord that's got a tube on the bottom of it and run that tube through the hole. As it goes past the area where the ore is the radiation is picked up and shows on the geiger counter, and of course this is yours, as you mine, that's the same principle. You drill around--in other words, you drill holes into the rock and you take your geiger counter and a probe type thing and stick it in each hole that you drilled in the rock and that gives a good indication of what grade of uranium it is. Then you go ahead and load the hole with dynamite and blast it and then you can take the geiger counter again after it's all messed up and get an indication of what grade of ore it is. Of course that's the way you determine what is really ore and what is really low grade ore and what is waste. The geiger counter will tell you and you can ship accordingly. Oh yeah, that's one of the most important tools of uranium I have is the geiger counter.DE: I understand it's necessary to have a pretty good geiger counter and that they're touchy and need to be taken care of.44
 GRANT SHUMWAY # 1GS: I'll say. The power supply is supplied by batteriesDE: GS:to them, but it's in the neighborhood of 900 volts that it takes to operate the thing. The least bit of moisture or banging it around and so on will make it so it doesn't work. But when you're at a mine, around mining equipment and so on, generally why carry it in a foam encased case of some kind.Styrofoam or--?Yeah, in order to protect it so it doesn't get the vibrations and so on. Of course they're building a lot better equipment now. This transistorized equipment they're building now is a lot better than they had back in the middle fifties and so on, a lot better equipment and it isn't nearly as fragile but it's a heck of a lot more expensive too--Did you ever use an airplane to do some of your locating?I guess I've probably got more hours in an airplane than anyone in this area.Do you own your own?Well, I don't presently, but I owned one for about twelve years. I've got of probably 2,500 hours. They called me the flying geologist. I used to go back and forth to work everyday in the airplane, and of course any areas I wanted to look at to prospect with,DE:GS:DE: GS:45
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1that's the way I did at first, was in an airplane. Flying around the rims and the canyons and so on to determine new areas and to reevaluate older areas, with the use of the information that you get. The ore occurs in old stream channels, and of course they're buried under the sediments and you can't see them, but if you can get on a rim and be able to see whereit outcrops and go on the other rim and see where it outcrops, then you can get an idea of where to go across and do your exploration work. An airplane just saves you so much time that way.DE: ---?--- all the footwork that was required in the very first time.GS: Yeah, indeed so. Then they found radiometric equipment to carry in an airplane that's very helpful. However now, all of the rim exposures(pretty well in this area at least) have already found, so it's not helpful that way.DE: As you mentioned it was expensive, and you were just getting out of school. How were you able to accommodate this outlay for--?GS: ---?--- you mean. Well, all I could say to that, I was kind of like Charlie Steen, I got lucky. This one mine that I was telling you about, I just kind of fell into that and mined a million dollars worth of46
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1ore out of it and it turned out real good. To begin with, I leased some properties from a person and talked the fellow into drilling it for me, and while drilling it why he found indications of ore. Back in those days if you had even a smell of ore you could sell it, you know, back in the boom days, so as a result one of the first prospects that I went on down here I sold to a guy for $3o,000 and bought me a drill rig and went into the business. I got numerous drilling contracts and I got geology consulting work that I was able to do, and keep abreast of things. Iinvested in things, and so after the drill rig came then the mine came and then after one mine, another mine and so on till it--DE: You actually went in and did some of the mining yourself, though?GS: Well, to begin with yeah, yeah. I learned how to run a jackhammer and drive the ore cars, and run the drill rigs and so on. Yeah, I know how to do all of it.DE: Was it rather a problem to find miners though or good men to work for you?GS: Yeah, of course that's always a problem you know, because we live in such an isolated area and this first mine that I mentioned, for instance, is forty-47
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1five miles out here and in a completely--in an area that's completely desolate insofar as the things that we know of like paved roads and electricity and these kind of things. This is strictly out in the wilderness. You build a few little cabins and buy you a power plant and schools are not available and so on, so it'spretty hard to find people who will live out and don't have a family to worry about to get their kids to school and so on. Of course that was difficult, but we managed all right. But it was more difficult than it would have been in areas where these types of things existed, you know. Electricity is quite an item, schools are quite an item. Some people like to live out, but 99.99% of them don't.DE: Well, when you were first starting out and before you did have all your equipment to go prospecting, when did you go prospecting and how long a time did you stay?GS: Well, it would depend. One of the prospecting trips that comes to my mind is á the AEC while they were looking for ore flew an area up in the Henry Mountains in what's called the Circle Cliffs area. It's way back in and they had just flown the canyons and they indicated on maps where radiometric anomalies existed. Well, these were shown on maps, so48
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1we drew us a map and took an old four wheel drive piece of equipment we had and enough food for threeor four days. We though we'd drive as far as we could and thought we'd hike the rest of the way to it, locate our claims and come back. Well, as it turned out we were only able to get within a day's walk of where we wanted to go, so we packed as much food onour back as we thought we would need and headed out and we walked all one day and got there that night and just slept on the ground. The next morning we got up and had a little bit to eat out of some tin cans and hiked up to where the anomaly was and spent the day staking other claims and putting the location notices in and building the monuments and---?--- you know. Then we stayed there that night again sleeping on the ground, and the next day we hiked out. Of course we were--knew we were going right back to civilization, and it was a far enough hike as it was. So we took the rest of the food we hiked in and left it there except just enough for maybe one meal or so. It turned out when we got back to the four wheel drive piece of equipment which was a million miles from anywhere the stupid thing was cold and it wouldn't start and the battery went dead, so there we were without any food and without a vehicle that49
 GRANT SHUMWAY # 1would start. We were in pretty bad shape there for a while. But when I was in the Anny I was aninstructor in the Army school at Fort Knox, Kentucky, and I got a pretty good understanding of mechanical things and electricity and so on, and with that knowledge we built a fire, took the battery out of the truck and set it by the side of the fire and gotit real good and warm. [Then we] put it back in and it started and we went home. But we'd probably still be there if we hadn't figured that out.DE: It pays to have had a little experience, doesn't it? GS: Yes, this is one of the prospecting trips I went on.I located some pretty good areas in the plain one day that I wanted to go to, and we went through about the same routine I just mentioned. However, I might add that all of these type of prospecting things that I've gone on I've never made money on any of them. The only ones I've made the money on were in places where I've just known that there was a good area and I've taken my drill rig and gone out and drilled it. I'm personally responsible for locating four major ore bodies in this area that I located with my owngeology and work.DE: What names are they?GS: Well, one of them was this Sandy Mine, the other one50
 GRANTDE: GS: DE:GS:SHUMWAY # 1was the Rex mine, another one was the Marcy mine, and the other one was what we call the Black MountainCropper down in Chinle, Arizona.And the other three were up on Elk Mountain? Uh-huh.I notice they all are names of people. Is there some significance there?Well, the Sandy mine for instance, is named after one of my cousin's daughters. About the time they found this mine they had a little girl and they named her Sandy and they called this the Sandy Mill. The Rex mine is named after my older brother who's now a Ph.D. and his name is Rex. The Marcy mine, I really don't know how that was named, because we bought it from someone. I bought it from a fellow and I don't know how it was named. The Black Mountain property was on an Indian Reservation; we leased it from the Navajo Tribe.Was this an easy thing to do, to lease from the Navajos?Oh brother. It's about like going before the Supreme Court, I 'm tel1ing you boy. Those Navajos, they've got a big round building down there and all those dignitaries back in those days. You go there and youhave to post a bond and you have to be worth so much 51DE:GS:
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1money, and you have to be able to perform. They get you in the center there and all these high powered Navajos all around you take up your case. "Now do youthink you can do this and this?" "Yes, yes," you know. Providing they think you' re okay they' 11 give you a lease and you have to provide performance bonds and you have to provide bonds that you'll leave the country in as good a condition as it was when you took it over and so on. Yeah, it's a big problem.DE: Do you feel this is possibly part of the reason the VCA was able to get the Monument--is it Number One and Number Two?GS: They had both of them of course.DE: Rather than the individuals?GS: Well, no, that was certainly part of it. I'm surethat was certainly part of it because VGA at the time was more equipped and were in the business more than private people were for instance, and that ore body that they found down there was found accidentally, and of course it wasn't like most mines; they didn't know it was going to be a big mine until they got in it and developed it. It took a major company like VGA for instance to be able to hardly finance it, to develop a mine as big as that one was. That was a tremendously big mine, and in fact when it was first52
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1mined, they mined it underground. When they finallyfound out years later how big it was they stripped the whole thing clear down to where those little tunnels were, you know. So they, even they didn't have any idea how big it was. I would say they certainly had a better chance of getting the properties on the reservation than people like myself.DE: It has been rumored that there was some under-the- table payment.GS: Oh, there's no doubt about that. I know that. In fact I've even been involved in some of that.DE: That's what I was going to ask you about the AEC, then it has been said that some of them would give information to people.GS: That's right. That's right. In fact, one of the big mines out here in our area which is called the Gizmo and the Spook and the Bully Eye and the Maybe mine-- those four mines, the AEC was out there drilling them, and while they were out there drilling them some local people here were working on the drill rigs. When they started making a discovery, they werethe ones that staked the claims and the AEC guys let them have the information so that they knew it was good and they were the ones that ended up with them,53
 GRANTDE: GS: DE: GS:DE: GS: DE: GS:DE: GS: DE:GS:DE:GS:SHUMWAY # 1with the good claims.That was the Spook, the Maybe, and one other one?The Gizmo, the Spook, the Bull's Eye.The Bull's Eye. Can you recall who had those?The fellow who owns those is Chap Black who was working for the AEC when he located them, and his partner Milt Nielson.One of the original families in this area.Yes.Is Chuck Blake still around here?Yeah, he lived in Monticello. They still own those mines. There have been millions of dollars worth of ore mined out of them.Is Milt Nielson in town here in Blanding?He lives in Monticello too.He's also in Monticello. There were some of those I wanted to interview and I wanted to make sure where they were.Yeah, they're kind of the old timers. They're about the age of my dad and so on. They were involved in the early years, way back when.But without the AEC the area around here wouldn't have developed like it did.Certainly not, because the AEC did all of the first exploration and found the first indications. The54
 GRANTSHUMWAY # 1first claims that were located in the area were located by my father and my uncles and the AEC. The first drilling that the AEC did was on their claims, in fact. All they did was find a series of outcrops and drilled out behind it.DE: What was life like with a father in this type of business?GS: Well, it was bad of course. Back in those times there wasn't even a road down into that area. I guess he was gone two and three weeks at a time. [He'd] take a horse or something and go out and prospect all around the rims and be gone for long periods of time.DE: How did that affect you?GS: Well, of course, my situation is really a littledifferent in that when I was two years old my mother died; she died giving birth to my younger brother and I was shipped off to the relatives and they actually raised me. I only lived here until I was about ten and I really wasn't involved in that as much as some of the others because of that. I really didn't care; I wasn't associated with those kind of problemsbecause of that.DE: Well, in your own case now you were going into thefield--what did your your own family that you had feel about this?55
 GRANT SHUMWAY # 1GS: Well, just when--my wife is from Salt Lake City andher father's an attorney, in fact he was county attorney of Salt Lake City for nineteen years. One of the elected officials and one of the well-respected families there. She was raised in the city and I married her and brought her down here to meet my family. She thought this was the end of the world and she wasn't about to live down here for anything. In fact, when I first came here she said, "I'm not going to go with you." So I came alone and about three months [later] she said, "I don't care where you're going, I'm going with you." So she moved here with me and since then Blanding has grown into a fine respectable community. All the things in the last fifteen years that make a basic community have come to Blanding since then, such as paved roads, sewer systems, drugstores, banks, supermarkets andhospitals and those kind of things--new schools, etc. All kinds since we've come here. You couldn't get her back to the city now, but it quite affected our lives to begin with when we first moved here.DE: Well, the growth of the town then really was the aftermath of the uranium prospecting. (break in tape)GS: We found ourselves settling from the forest almost to the richest in the state. So as a result, I wrote the56
 GRANT SHUMWAY #1fellow to grant a school for them, and new people came in to resolve the mining mystery, and as a re s u lt-- (THE FOLLOWING IS INAUDIBLE](END OF TAPE]57