 ELMER HURST Blanding, Utah Tape No. 12An interview by Kathy Biel July 28, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ Mining Experience . Contracting Business. Radon Levels ¥ . . ¥ Navajo Employees¥. Problems with Navajos ¥ Tribal Council. Superstitions .Wages ¥Navajos in Leadership Positions Uranium Royalties .¥191117 .... 26 30 . . . . . 32 . . . . 35 ...-...38 39 40
 THIS IS INTERVIEW NUMBER TWO WITH MR. ELMER HURST FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE AT FULLERTON, URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. THE INTERVIEW WAS HELD IN MR. HURST'S LIVING ROOM AT NINE O'CLOCK IN THE EVNING IN HIS HOME IN BLANDING, UTAH. THE INTERVIEWERS WERE DOROTHY ERICK AND KATHY BIEL.DE: These things will happen. Well, what I'd like to have you start with is your background: your parents, and how they happen to be here, or why you were here. So start back with your own parents.EH: Well, my parents came out from Mexico originally when Pancho Villa ran the Mormons out. My father's side settled in Ogden for about four years, and then they came to Blanding. I don't know exactly the year, b.ut he was just a young man. And they farmed mostly. My grandfather was a blacksmith and a machinist up in Ogden; and he was kind of a gunsmith. He's kind of a man of all trades. But mostly farming here. My father, after he got married, bought a farm, andI grew up on that, farming.DE: Where was the farm?EH: Well, the farm's up around what they call Bull Dog. It's about tenmiles north of here.DE: Uh, you mentioned when we weren't taping that you were born in Cortez.Would you tell us how come you happen to be born in Cortez and in whatyear?EH: Well, the reason I was born in Cortez is there was no facilities in
 HURSTDE: EH: DE: EH:P AGE 2Blanding. They had doctors, I guess. The nearest hospital was there or :Moab, and my father chose to take my Mom over to Cortez, I guess. And that was in 1936. I guess the roads was a little bit rougher than they are now. They started out, and when they figured they were getting close and just wait it out, but I guess the road was enough that I managed to get there about twenty minutes after Mom got there. How many brothers and sisters did you have?I got six sisters and four brothers.And are you--which one are you?Well, I got three sisters that's older than me, then there's me, then there's me, then there's three sisters--three more sisters, and four boys on the end. I'm fourth in line.Now you said your father had a farm north of town?Yes.Is that the only place he farmed?DE:EH:DE:EH: Well, until I was, oh, sixteen, then he borrowed a place out on DeerFlat, which is about fifty miles west of here. When I was sixteen and seventeen, my brother, who had been about eleven, and I went out to break the ground during the summer in a camp out there. Just barely old enough to drive legally.DE: Was all this dry farming, both farms? EH: Both of these was dry farms.
 HURST PAGE 3DE: Did you ever do any irrigation?EH: Yeah, I done that--didn't like it.DE: Where was this done?EH: Oh, about two miles southest of here. We was mostly raising alfalfahay.DE: What did you raise where you had to dry farm?EH: Wheat mostly. We done a little bit of dry land watermelon raising,corn--sweet corn, and some field corn,---?--- the silage some a few times, oh, squash, just about anything. Beans--some years we'd raiseheans instead of wheat. Instead of raising wheat, we'd raise beans.But the deer were pretty rough on them.DE: Where did you take your products to for sale?EH: A lot of the wheat went right here until the mill burned down, theflour mill, then to Monticello.DE: You had--you had a mill in Blanding?EH: Yes, for--I don't know, for most of the time that I helped my dad,I guess, it was here. Then it burned down, and the same outfit bought the one in Monticello. So we was still shipping, selling to the same family.DE: Did this mill employ--give employment to people here in town, or very many?EH_: It was a family deal mostly. A father and son and grandsons was
 HURSTP AGE 4doing it mostly when I grew up.DE: Now you did mention when we were talking that your father was doingsome commercial thrashing. Can you tell us a little bit about that? EH.: Well, it consisted mostly of the Blanding and Monticello area. Infact, I still meet a lot of people who tell about the good old days when my dad used to come over with their stationary thrasher, they'd haul the grain to the thrasher. They had what they called a header~ and they'd cut it and bundle it, and they had header boxes that theythrew it in. They'd haul it in to the thrasher, and he did that up until the time he bought a combine which would cut and thrash at the same time.DE: So he was really in business for himself with this commercial thrash- ing?EH: Uh, yes. In the summertime, they'd do a little bit of commercial hay~utting. I'd help with that, and some thrashing--wheat thrashing in the fall. And in the winter, I guess they hauled wood for the fire. That must have been their lives, and---?--- try to figureit out.DE: Did you have to help on this farm1EH: Yes, I started driving a tractor when I was eleven. My father workedin the uranium processing place in Monticello then. And a lot of times I'd ride up the highway with him when they was on their way
 HURST P AGE 5to work, then I'd walk half a mile across the canyon, start up the tractor, and farm. But Mom, she didn't like me up ther e by myselfvery much, so she'd generally take me up there and sit under a treeand mend socks, sew, and kind of keep an eye on me .DE: Is this where you learned part of your mechanical ability?EH: Well, I guess. I had to do plenty of it, keeping a go on it. A lotof people say, well, I ought to be able to be a mechanic. My Grandad, Father, and them all done it. But I think a farm is a good place to learn to do things. You get out ten miles away and a lot time no trans.portation home. Have a tractor quit on you, why, you do anything to keep--to try to figure out what's the matter.DE: Necessity is the--EH.: And a lot of the--well, when I started mining, of course, we donemost our own mechanicking, and still do.DE: Uh huh. What about living on a farm and getting your schooling? Canyou tell us a little bit about that?EH! Well, guess it wasn't much different from most any place. I wouldgo to school in the spring and the fall when there was still farming weather. And then I'd go after school back to the farm, harvestcrops or plant them, or do the plowing, harrowing, this type of thing after school and on Saturdays. Then in the sununertime, why, generally I spend all sur.uner just driving a tractor around and whatever needed
 HURSTP AGE 6to be done during the sununer.Then you always lived in town and not on the farm? Yes, we always lived here in town.DE:EH:DE: Well, we haven't mentioned anything about your mother and her family.Did she live here?EH: Well, she done a lot of her growing up in St. John's, Arizona, andwent through school here, or most of it, I guess. But her fatherwas a little bit more on the move. I think he was--done some shipping by wagons, in the freight business some. But he moved around a little bit more.KB: Was you mother's family here because of religion also?EH: No, most of mother's family was here--pretty well stationary here.In fact, the people who run the mill was my mother's uncle. So, her family was what brought them here mostly. After my grandmother and grandaad separated, why, I don't know, he lived in Monticello, and Grandmother lived here, and I guess that was when they were stillin school here. So they--Ma actually spent most of her childhood here, or a good deal of it.DE: When did you graduate from high school?EH: In 1954.DE: Well, 1954, as we've established, after the beginning of the importanceof uranium. Can you tell us if you went directly into this field and why?
 HURST PAGE 7EH: Well, when I graduated, whyI cut timber for a month till it run out, and I started and found me a job handmucking in the mine for ten dollars a day. I just kind of got started. About the only placeyou could find work was in the mines back then. In fact, it employed most of the people around. And--KB.: Well, could you have continued with farming and would it have been economically good?EH: Well, most of the farm land is owned around he~e.. There wex-e a few farms available, I imagine. But--oh, I was young and not settleddown and had no need to farm. I just never thought too much about it, never had enough money to buy a farm for one thing. So I just went out looking for a job and started mining. And that's what I've done since I've been mining, I bought me fifty-two acres down below townhere about two miles. And I do that as a pastime--spend money on it. DE: So you still have farming in your blood?EH: Yes, I'd like to farm. In fact, it's a good change from mining--getout in the open a little bit, get a little bit of dust in your lungsfrom the farm and not the mine.DE: Well, just to go back a little bit--now your father brought up hisfamily of eleven children on a farm. Did you Jive well?EH: Oh., we were below, oh, the average family. But we had--the boys hadsomething to eat, a place t.o sleep. Don't know what else you n,!ede-:1
 HURSTPAGE 8really.KB.: Well, these were depress.ion and way years. Did that men a lot tothis territory-?EH: Well, you hear a lot of people talk about how hard it was, but asnear as I know, it wasn't too much different here. Folks raised everything--just about everything they ate. They had an orchard, and they canned. Of course, through the war years, sugar and that was on ration stamps, and that made it a little harder to get the sugar for canning, I suppose. But they raised just about every- thing. We didn't eat much meat when I was a kid.KB.; You didn't raise any cattle or--?EH: We raised pigs all the time. We had cows, but it seemed like wealways sold them hefore we butchered them. We milked cows. I think that the families hack then- weTe a lot more self-sustaining than they are now. We'd have to go to the store once a day or twice a day to keep going. That wasn't something they did toomuch then, and if they did, why, they'd exchange. They done a lot--some of them did more exchanging produce, or some of themdid more exchanging produce, or some products and different things to get it. And, of course, coming from a big family, why a lotof this was a necessity in order to make ends meet. We did our owncanning, baking, making bread, and this, which my Mother always
 HURSTP AGE 9did. So it wasn't too hard to eat , to get by.DE: Well now, by 19.54, when you were getting out of high school, hadyou seen any change because of the uranium business? Had you seenany change in the town in the way the living was going on here?EH: Well, of course, I paid little attention to it in high school. Therewas a little action stirred up probably along about '52. And when the uranium started going, they mined vanadium prior to that, and quite a few of the older people was employed in either the mines or the vanadium mill out there, and then it burned down.DE: Is this the one out in Cottonwood Wash?EH: Yes, this is the one out in the mining area of Cottonwood. Thenwhen the uranium started going, I didn't pay much attention to it really until after I got out of school. At this time people was corning quite a hit, drilling. The AEC was doing drilling whenwe was in high school and that was the most action that I paid much attention to. And then after I was out and got involved with it,why, I noticed it had changed quite a bit. Families it had brought in--by 1956 I imagine Blanding was probably about at its peak asfar as population. A lot of it was trailer house living. But I think mining has b.een more or less--at least since '54, '55, '56,in there--has been the major source of excitement as far as employ-ment and stuff until the last few years when it's quieted down quite
 HURST P AGE 1 0a bit. And I don't know what the people are doing. I guess they've moved out. There's really--people who go to school here have very little here to keep them--to draw them to Blanding. They have togo elsewhere to make a living. The worst part about this town isthey all leave.DE: Now when these other people came in during the years of the 1950's,did the families who were here, the established families, acceptthese newcomers?EH: Yes, I think so. I went through school with some--in some classeswith some of the newcomers. But it seems like people, I don't know how do you say it--from my observation of people it's kind of like water that finds its own leve. People will make up with people they feel comfortable with. And a lot of them people didn't feel com- fortable mixing with the local people here and vice versa maybe,I don't know.DE: But it did bring in more business?EH.: Yes, it brought in more business, and a lot. Well, when you con-sider the boom and different phases of it like prospecting, and drilling, and processing, and this type of thing, why, it brought in quite a few people.KB": Well, then you worked for ten dollars a day, you said, when you started out.EH: Yeah.
 HURSTKB.:EH:P AGE1 1And then what did you do? How did you get enough money to start your own business--your own contracting business?Well, in about 1958--September of '58, I returned from a missionup in Canada. Of course, that took all the money I had before I went. Then I worked on a road job for--well, they built a road until it ended and I saved about six hundred dollars. I used this to buy a pickup when we went into business for ourselves aboutJune of '59. And we just used other peoples'--well, what would consist of was leasing. Doing the work and having a work agreement with the fellows that owned the equipment. We'd run the stuff for a percentage. Actually, it was so much a pound for uranium thatwe got out. And we'd run the equipment for Grant Shumway and Doug Davis out at the Sandies for awhile. They split up and we stayed with Grant because he had the mine--kept the mine we were working. We had a little difficulty understanding each other, or something.DE: Was this the Marcy?EH: This was the Sandies.DE: Oh, did Grant keep the Sandies?EH: Yes, and Doug took the Marcy. So after we left the Sandies, DougDavis come back and wanted us to go run his equipment up on the Marcies, which we did until winter set in. Then he leased the Moonlight Pit down in Arizona, down on the reservation. And we
 HURST PAGE 12mined it for--let's see, we must have went down there in about Oct- ober of 1960, and mined it until November of about '63, as well as mining in another shaft down there. So after we ended the Moonlight we had a pretty good go of it there. Doug wanted to move back to Salt Lake, and since we had a little bit of money coming, we just invested it in his equipment, bought his equipment, which didn't consist of an awful lot of equipment at the time. Most of the equipment,we have now is stuff we've added to that, got better equipment, newer equipment, more dependable equipment. That's one thing we've learned in mining: if you want to be a good mechanic,be a full time mechanic, buy old equipment, and that generallytakes care of your time and your money. So we've found that with b.etter equipment, we spend more time mining and less time mechanick- ing. So that's how we got our equipment and how we got into thebusiness ourselves.KB: Well then, you started out with the best equipment you could getunder contract, or under a working agreement with some of theseother people.EH: Yes, when we was with other people, we took what they had. Andafter we started getting it for ourselves, why, we could get some things, which--of course with--let's see. We added to it overthe years like generation plants, something we didn't have at the
 HURSTP AGE 1 3time because we used gas blowers. And as ventilation became more of a major problem, and the goverrunent was pressing the lowering of the radon in a mine, why, the economical way to ventilate a mine was with electricity. Generate electricity and you can have one motor and--it depends on your light plant. But half a dozen blowers on one light plant, plus you can have lights for your camp and this type of thing. Our necessity for equipment has increased since we first started.DE: Well, the better your equipment, then, the more you're able to keep your mining operation in a productive state?EH: Uh., yes, when we were running Doug's equipment, he always triedto have an extra of everything, had an extra loader, and extra compressor to get by. The extra ones weren't extremely good, but they would keep it to where you wouldn't have to shut down. And since we started, we've owned two motors practically all the time.We had three and four buggies, several hammers, so we very seldom lost any time mining because that caused a major shutdown--other than the time or two we had a light plant problem.KB: Was it easy to get parts and equipment? Where do you have to go? EH: Well, parts are a problem here. We don't have a real good stock, and the nearest place is Salt Lake. They say they have overnightservice, but go to get parts, and they don't have them. They order
 HURST P AGE 1 4them from the factory, and so you have a lot of problems getting parts. That's probably been the worst thing about the mining business there is, is keeping your equipment up and getting parts when you do have a breakdown.DE: Well, you did mention that Doug Davis went back to Salt Lake City. Did he get out of the uranium and mining operation completely?EH: Well, he still owns mining properties here. He's more or lesspromoting, I guess you'd say, scouting companies, investments. He's invested in stocks and set up a car washing business, and things like that. But he still owns properties here.DE: Do you have his address?EH: No, I don't.DE: Is he known as the Doug Davis Investment Company?EH: No. Uh, let's see. He's still got an active mining company, Ithink, but he--his car washing business is under a car washingname. And I don't remember the name of it.DE: Well, now you've mentioned "we" several times, did you go intobusiness with someone else.EH: Yes, my partner's John Black, a fellow that went through schoolwith me from the time I was in the first grade till I was a senior. We've been in business together. We started mining together in 1959. We've heen partners since 19--well, we started as partners,
 HURSTDE:EH:DE:EH:P AGE 1 5I guess.And you did mention at one time that you are now doing business witha company--Atlas?Yes, they're the ones that own the mines we lease. And own the mill where we ship the ore. They own the mine and the mill both so we're force to ship to them.Now if they would close down because the government didn't buy theirs, what would that do to you?Well, our contract with them goes till December. We have a mining agreement until December. It's been renewed two years now. Andit's their opetion whether they want to renew it or don't want toat the end of that time. If they close down or if they have any reduction in their buying, or something, why they probably just wouldn't renew it.Does this have anything to do with that stretch out period?KB.:EH: Well, the Happy Jack was owned by Texas Zinc. Atlas Minerals boughtit from them, and after they bought it, they closed it down for a period of timew And it was mostly--they bought the mine when it had been pretty well mined out. They had pulled the pillars, and it's almost--well, it's a hundred percent caved in. There's no place that I know of throughout all the mining area where you canget into their original--their main--what is known as the main Happy
 HURSTP AGE 1 6Jack mine. And so they took the allocation the Happy Jack had, which was a large allocation, and moved it to their mines in Lisbon Valley to increase their allocated ore where they had the ore. So at the present time, the Happy Jack is an unallocated ore. Has to be.They buy it under the price of the open market, and their contract with us is designed around the open market prices--at what they can afford to mill unallocated ore.KB.: So by individuals taking over and getting this, they're able to continue it even though the price on the open market is low. Is that right?EH: Yes, it affects the price, or haul. We have to pay the haul to the mill, and the haul is a hundred and sixty-six miles one way. Andthen on our price schedule, the way it's fixed, it's not as goodas it would be if it was allocated ore.KB: You were going to tell us about some of the problems that you dohave now beside this, having to pay the freightage yourselves.Something about the increase costs of materials, and so on.EH: Well, of course, materials have gone up on most everything. Ex-plosives is. probably cheaper through the Near-Explosive System, a new explosive that they have on the market now. That's been the only thing that's helped the miners as far as price that I can think of. But with everything going up, and them dropping
 HURSTPAGE 17government support on haul, and the government starting this radiation thing, lowering the radon in the mines, plus increasing the cost for ventilating, and if your in a mine like the Happy Jack where it was too deep to drill vent holes, you have to push all your air in there, and if you go to the very back, it would be a major problem. We haven't been mining the back; it's mostly low grade. There's pro- hably some mining in here, but it would be a major project to pushthe air back and to keep our working levels down. And so with these working levels, it's almost not feasible for us to go to the back of the mine. If we weren't worrying about radiation, we could get enough air back there to smoke it out from the blasing and the equipment smoke, but it would have high radiation.DE: Can you tell a little about the radon daughters (?) and what levels the government is establishing, and what it means to you?EH: Well, to start out with, when they first started the--they've got it set up on some--I don't understand all the way it's set up. They have what they call a working level. You can work so manyhours a year in a working level. If it's set up for one working level, you get so many hours. I remember it started out that you had to keep it down somewhere around three--under three working levels, then two working levels, and then they wanted it down to-- right now the state of Utah, I think--I'm not real familiar because
 HURST P AGE 1 8we haven't had much radiation problem. I think they'd let you mineif you was up at two working levels. Maybe it's only one and ahalf, but the federal ones are higher working levels, and then there's talk of the federal wanting to lower it even lower than one. Andwhen you start talking about reducing the radon in a good activemine under one working level, and if it's very well worked out, you've got to figure a way to stop a lot of the air from going up into alot of the worked out areas because it just picks up radiation.And by the time it gets out--I mean if you're exhausting out ofyour haulage, for instance, b.y the time it gets out of the mine,why, your haulage is going to be way up there. Your working areamight be almost nothing, but by the time it gets out in the haulage, why it's high.. And so some of these mines like what Atlas has-- they got mines that they're ventilating to keep them down to what would just about freeze you out in the winter time. The air that's going down there is moving right along. Happy Jack, for instance, they had a blower that's about a forty-eight inch blower with a twenty-five horse motor on it. I think our air that comes out on our exhaust is somewhere around fifty thousand cubic feet of air aminute. So if you start ventilating much more than that, why, you've got an awful lot of problems putting more air in. Some mines will take more , some won't. Some mines are set up so you can suck a
 HURSTPAGE 19little b.it of it out through a vent hole and blow some down another one, and some aren't. It just depends on the mine and the area, and this type of thing. What you're going to run across in these radon s.ituations, as far as what radon and the thing is--that's mostlyhow we're involved with it. The miner inspectors will come out with a little meter that will suck a certain volume of air through a filter. Then they let them cure for forty minutes, put them on a counter of some sort, run it across a scale that they have with a way of computing it, and they come up with the working level.I mean the radon--how much radon they get when they run that air sample with so much air for five minutes. And then they cure it for forty minutes to let them kind of have a breakdown, I guess, of some sort on the sample they take. And they establish it from there.DE: Do they do much checking, I mean, do you know about when they'll b.e there?EH: Well, the mine inspector stayed at the mine last night. We fed him. I guess we'll have to send the bill to the state for his fourteen dollar subsisance. But they usually check us--oh, let's see. It averages abnut two months apart, I guess. But they're talking to the federals, talking of being down in August, and the end of thismonth, the way I understand it. I don't know very much about it,
 HURST P AGE 2 0but at the end of this month, the federal is going to he the prime mine inspectors, I guess. I don't know what it consists of really, but there's some change at the end of this month.KB.: But up to this time, though, you had both the federal and the State doing inspecting work?EH: Yes. The federals have only been around every other year or so. But the state of Utah is not as concerned with this as the federal is, it seems like. When we mined in Monument Valley on the reserv- ation, we had at that time federal inspectors that came around more often than they have up here in Utah. Plus, they had the state of Arizona inspecting, and they were stricter than Utah. Plus, we had the trihe. So we had three inspectors. Down there it seemed like that's all you got done was being inspecting. But the prime inter- est of the state now that we're on state compensation--I mean state insurance funding, that's the main interest they have in inspectingus, to make sure we're complying with a reasonable standard of minesafety if we're going to he on their insurance.DE: Now-does this insurance cover all of this, or do you have to paysomething extra to have them inspect the mine?EH: No, this is all a state facilities that they have. They hire themine inspector, which now is really not a mine inspector, which now is really not a mine inspector as much as they used to be.
 HURSTDE: EH: DE:EH:DE:EH:P AGE 21They inspect these constructions, gravel pits, just about everything down on this end of the line that is covered by the state insurance. It's just strictly a state thing to make sure people who are ontheir insurance are complying with a certain safety code.Does this make it easier or harder to get workers?It don't affect it any. It's not that big of a problem.And then you mentioned that you could work only so many radon dau- ghters per year.Yeah, something like two thousand--I don't--oh, I don't know what it is. I haven't worried too much about it.Well, if the government has--or there is no facility to give you any other jobs or anything in case you do reach that 1ev.el1before you reach the--an economic--Well, most of these independent miners around here aren't worried about radon. They don't have anybody checking. The state just comes along and sees what their radon is. But Atlas has their own radon man that comes around about every two weeks and checks ours, and we have to fill out cards that say how many hours we've hadunderground, how many surface hours, how many hours we have with the respirator on, and so their radon technician computes all our hours and kind of keeps a running thing on us. Some of theseother miners not working for a company--they're either mining their own place or holding a lease, you know, from another company that's
 HURSTP AGE 2 2not concerned with this. They're not having tabs kept on them like that right now, but with our lease with Atlas, why, we have to more or less comply with it. I don't know if they would ever run us out of underground. I know they have some men over in their mines that they've developed to the point where they have exceeded the under- ground hours per year by the code that the federal has set up.KB.: Now the federal government is making its standards higher, and yet they're planning on getting out of the control of the uranium. What does this mean?EH: I don't know. This is the one phase of the mining business that you might say is in opposition to all things. If something is real good, it's got to have a drawback. I think the government, in this respect, is a good thing. But I'd have to say there is some oppo- sition there. They're more or less telling you that you can onlymine so many hours because you're going to get lung cancer, and you've got to ventilate it to this level for your health. Well, if they just tell us the hazards of it, that'd be all right with me. And we've even told the mine inspectors that we was going to put a sign above the mine that read, ''Caution, Mining--Uranium MiningMay B£ Hazardous to Your Health''. The mine inspectors come around telling you all the hazards of lung cancer while they're smoking doesn't make a very good impression to me. I feel like their health is their business, and if they want to smoke, that's fine. But I
 HURSTP AGE 2 3should have the same right for my health. I'm for America, Ithink it's great, but I don't like seeing them start to take away our rights and freedoms in one place 'cause if they take it here, they'll take it there, then they'll take it there, and where is it going to end? That's the thing I'd get concerned about in this part of it. But as far as the government control on it, I don't every expect to see the day when the federal government will ever be out of it. They'll still have control over where every pound of it goes, and why it goes there. Anyway, that's my feelings on it. I don't know what's going to become of the controls.DE: B.ut in essence right now, they are placing an upper limit on your income?EH: In what way?DE: By not--by not allowing you to work as much as you want to?EH: Well, not really hecause we still work--our radiation's so muchunder that. Our radiation in our main working level á.is only áeight- een hundreths of a working level, and so we can work that muchmore than somebody that's working one working level. So we'relow enough that we don't have any radiation problems, but if we was in a mine that was higher, that might have an affect. There'sjust not that much surface work for people to do, I mean, in a smallmine. And these companies, they can work them up there. They can
 HURST PAGE 24make them put them up on top, or make mechanics out of them, or mechanic helpers, or all these other things, and they keep them a going. I don't know of any of them that have been laid off because of it.DE: Well, I was thinking more of the independent miner. If they did have the chance to really tell them how long they could work, or how much--EH.: Well, it would go rought if they come along and says, "You've worked too much." But I understand--I might be wrong here, too--that if somebody was mining their own property, why the agencies wouldn't have any control over them, telling them when they could work, how long they could work. It's their property, and they can work it when they want and as long as they want.DE: Unless they could put pressure on the mill who's buying the ore? EH: Yeah, they might do that. But again, as far as I'm concerned,it's getting back to this government power. We want it, we believe in heing free. Once you take a guy's freedom away, you take their incentive away. And once you take their incentive away, why, and that's what a lot of this stuff does, I mean, you get in a highif you get good wages, why, you get in high tax bracket. And then if you work too many hours, then they're going to shut you off mining. So they got you coming and going in some respects.
 HURST P AGE 2 5So taxes and all is good, but they got to be kept in check just as much as some of this radiation stuff.DE: Now we'll get hack to the growth of the town as the mining business, is developed the prospecting, and the uranium. You've seen thetown grow then, and generally, you view a town by its growth of new buildings, new residences, the type that are put up. Do you feel that Blanding is increasing in its economic status?EH: Well, Blanding's increasing in its economic status, and this type of thing is contributed to right now, as near as I can calculate it, by the service men that here as much as anything. As far asmining, I think mining has hit an all time low since it's started, as far as any of the contributing anything. All the mine supply stores we had here in '54 and through there all quit selling ex- plosives and parts. The one in Monticello is closed down. It don't handle mine supplies. There's hardware stores in Moab which supply bits and steel. We have the traveling salesmen that come around with their vehicles out of the store just to service someof the mining area. They bring bits and steel, picks and shovels, and a few things along so you can buy some stuff on a regular route from a couple of outfits. As far as a mine supply store, there's no such a thing to speak of anymore like there was especially inBlanding. And explosives, we can buy them straight from the dealer
 HURST P AGE 2 6for the same price that the mine supply agent was getting them for, so everybody just bypassed the one man. Consequently, it's more or less kept the supplier out. All that mining isn't contributing toomuch right now.DE: Well, now I think Kathy has some questions to ask you about mining,the use of labor, and especially the Navajo. Perhaps she'll want to ask you something about accidents or if you've had any in themines. Kathy?KB: You do employ Navajo miners, don't you, in your mine?EH: We did when we was on the reservation, but we haven't had any sincewe've been in Utah. Mostly we're employing Zuni because we supply board and room. Most of the Navajos will want their families with them, and we can't afford to supply the board and room for them. So that's one of the reasons we're not using them at the present.KB.: Why do you supply board and room? Is this the general practice? EH: Well, when you camp out, why, you've got to make it so that some-body's willing to go out and work for you. We supply transportation for the men, and we supply living quarters and the board because you--it's just as easy to cook for one as--I mean, it's just aseasy to cook for all of us as it is for one, and so you--KB: Don't most of the other mining operations follow the same policy? EH: Well, the ones that are from Blanding, that I know of from here do.
 HURST PAGE 27At one time they tried to hold out so much a month out of a man's wages for board, but not for room. And it just didn't work outtoo good, so they went back to supplying it. You figure when you are boarding someone that is working for you, it costs you so much to do that. It kind of goes on the wages. When you figure you pay a man so much plus his board and room, that consists of so much more per man.KB.: Well, then don't these men also want to have their families with them? Why are they any different from the Navajo?EH: Well, my experience is that the Navajo is not as well--don't have roots like the White man does. Most of those who work for us have a home in town kids in school, and come home a time or two during the week. Where if you was getting a Navajo, why, most of them are out at Monument Valley. They're a long ways from home, and so generally they take their families with them. And in school time,I don't know what they do that's different than what we would.KB: And yet there are Navajo families living in Blanding. Why are theyhere?EH: Welfare, I think.KB: Welfare? Couldn't the Navajo families just as easily live here inBlanding, put their children in a public school, and the men go out and work in the mines?
 HURST P AGE 2 8EH: Well, I think I'd say they could, but their culture is different than ours. Their interests are different, and it seems to me inmy experience with them, their drive is different. A White man competes one with another. They've got to have so much of thisand so much of that, and they take so much. Where a Navajo isnot so worried ab.out it. In my experience with the working Navajos is they haven't learned--the majority of them haven't learned dependability. They're getting better now, but that was one ofour big problems when we had Navajos working. Every Monday morning, why, they might be there and they might not. We worked fourteen Navajos at one time, and out of these that we had, we could--theday after payday, we could depend on three or four of them notb.eing there. And so we have chosen just to work the men that we are acquainted with. That's the way we have always done. And with the contract with Atlas, we can't be prejudiced against one race or another. But we have found out through our working, their since we spend quite a bit of time away from the mines, like going to the mills, checking with things, getting supplies, or not being there, and these men that we have are men that we know that aregoing to be there and will do the job. And that's why we got them,and that's why we can stick mostly to them.KB,: Well, now, couldn't you call out these three or four that you find
 HURSTP AGE 2 9aren't dependab.le. I mean other mining operation employ almost exclusively Navajo miners, or haulers, muckers, and things like this. And when I've spoken to them, they seem to accept the avajo's drawbacks, such as "Navajo time", general lack of ambition, but they seem satisfied with the ones they have called out and kept.EH: There's a lof of them that's got good ones. I'd say that a good deal of them have stuck to Navajos in the respect for one prime reason, I'd say, and that is that they can get them to work cheaper. My experience is you get what you pay for, and if you're going to work a Navajo, you'd better pay him for his experience andwhat he's capable of.KB: Well, if you found a Navajo that was a good worker and knew his job,would you he willing to pay him the same salary as a White man inorder to keep him?EH: I would. A year or so ago we had a Navajo boy that was out therehelping install our power lines, and he worked for a fellow that was doing it, and he stayed with us. He's a college graduate, he's a radio man, and he went to school on radio and conununications, and he's capable. He's educated and he wants to be--he wants to live like an educated person. It just seems like something that goes with it. But you take the majority of the ones we've worked, they
 HURSTP AGE 3 0haven't been educated. I think the highest ones have probably reached about the sixth grade. And the problems that that involved after fourteen of them, trying to get a crew together with the turnover, just made us decide that we didn't want to bother---?--- down here.KB: Well, if you did hire a few Navajos, would you anticipate any frict- ion or problems in the relations between the two races working together?EH: No, you don't have prob.lems that way. It's just that with all my experience with Navajos, they'll cuss the---?--- and this kind of thing--no good, and all this. But the people that you find now, these young Indians, Navajos or Utes, or whatever who are coming up now, most of them come off the reservation and have gone to school in Blanding or one of the boarding schools on the reservation~ They are educated. They've lived in altogether surroundings. And then our church has a placement program thatsends the Indians that are members of the church, the ones up north to go to school. They just put them in a White home, and they're foster paretns to them. Many of them follow through and send them to college, and you'll find that the Indian people now, even in the last five years, their desires have changed. A lot of the younger ones, they want something. They don't want to go
 HURSTPAGE 31back an live in a hogan. And this is the working class we had when we worked Navajos, the ones that if their belly was full, why, that was all that mattered. I've known Indians that didn't want a job because they weren't hungry. That's always been a problem down onthe reservation, is Indians are clannish. Say, you have fourteen of them working for you, and they have a payday. On payday they're going to have a lot of relations up there sitting on their doorstep ready to help them celebrate. And when Monday comes, or the day after when they're supposed to back to work after payday, why, theymight be there and they might not. And here comes the traders down from the reservation saying, "What about this fellow or that fellow? He told me he was going to be paid. He was going to come in andpay some on his account." He went out and drank it off again, and this type of thing. That's the main problem that we have whenwe worked them there. It was like I said, that was the reason we chose not to work them this time. But as far as working together, you can work with them. The Indians aren't--the Navajo people arenot hard to get along with. In fact, they're easy to get alongwith. They're a real jovial type, and quite a sense of humor, andan enjoyable people to be around. In fact, I like to be around them.KR: Were you required, when you mined on the reservation, to hire only Navajo miners?
 HURST P AGE 3 2EH: If you mine on the reservation, you have to hire seventy-five percent. And that's the way it was hack then, but now I imagine it's the same. But one of the mines we had when we first went down there we didn't have to hire any because it was a cleanup job, and the Navajo tribe wouldn't let us hire them. They didn't want us to kill any of them off.KB.: Do you find that the Tribal Council is over your shoulder, so to speak? Are they checking up on you? Do they send men to make sureworking conditions are proper?EH: If you're working with the Navajos, they have someone from the tribeto check you some to make sure you're working them and you're treating them fair. The Navajo now are--I understand that you don't stake claims in there. You lease the ground from them. You bid on itor something so they have control over it. The Navajo nation would like to be separate from the United States; they'd like to be anation of their own. They'd like to have their own government and their own laws, and if you went on to the reservation, in fact, they have quite a few laws. In fact, if you go down there, you comply with them. They're a strong people and they got goodgovernment. They have, I'd say, a pretty good government looking out after their people, and they're--they're pushing to have their own people have their own businesses, and not have the Whites on
 HURST PAGE 33their ground doing the mining, and the milling, and the radio repairing, and all this type of thing. They want to have theirown. So they 'r e pushing education. The more you get them educated, the more they mix in with the job opportunities that are around.KB: Yes, hut you have the prob.lem, don't you--wouldn't they have the problem of educating their young people and then supplying the jobs for them on the reservation? Wouldn't they have a problem with these educated younger generation leaving the reservation á.and finding a better paying job?EH: Yes, I think they would. Like the welfare here, for instance. They've educated several of the young men around that I know of,and I know one that went to school which was a mechanic school.And they brought him through, they educated him, and he come back down here where there's no opportunity. They want to come back,they want to be back around their own people quite a bit. And one of the problems is that seems like nine out of ten that go to school on these welfare--the welfare puts them through. They take upwelding or something like this type of thing, along the line of these arts, and they're good at it. But they come back here, and what's the opportunity? And if they're going to--that's been theproblem with them. If they're going to go out in the world, sooner or later they're going to have to break away from the reservation.
 HURST P AGE 3 4But, I don't know what to do about it. It seems like the reservation is their home, and they want to be around it or near it, or where their people are, or something.KB: What about this generation of Navajo miners that all of a sudden stopped herding sheep and went to work in the mines on the reserv- ation, started earning a wage, and then the jobs became fewer and fewer on the reservation mines. They had to come out into Utah and Colorado to find mining jobs, and even out there these are becoming fewer too. What do you see for the future for them? These men are in their--maybe their thirties, middle thirties bynow. This started in the fifties on the reservation.EH: A lot of them are still following the mining. They'll go. There'sa lot--the majority of these that have take up mining on the reserv- ation and was dependahle has found them a job mining. Like Robert Hancock, hires a couple. It's just him and a Navajo that worksout there on Deer Flat. And Atlas has--I think they told us they had two Navajos. I know out in Colorado, there's some up around-- oh, about everywhere there's mines, why, there's Navajos. There's some of them in jobs. And they'll get jobs. If they want toleave and go where there's mining, why, they can get a job mining. KB.: Even though mining is at a low ebb and might go even lower?EH: There's as much chance for them to get them as the White man. You
 HURSTP AGE 3 5can go downtown here and talk to--oh, I bet you could stop people from the age of forty-five to down in the early twenties and ask them if they had ever worked in the mine. You'll find out that about half of them has worked in a mine at one time. But now they're working in stores, as mechanics, in service stations, building business, just about everything. They're forced out of it, and a lot of them chose to leave. I mean, there hasn't been that call for them to--and they just haven't cared about stickingwith it. We had one fellow that worked for us who was one of our b.etter miners who got a little bit spooked--his wife got a little bit spooked when one of the men that worked for us got hurt. So he went to school---?--- Mechanic School. And there's a bit of reasons for people leaving it. Lot of it's just because there's no more job. opportunity.KB.: Well, this brings us in the point of superstitions in the mines. Navajos are fairly superstitious people, are they not?EH: Yes, they're awfully superstitious.KB-: And in fact, I spoke to one today who had worked for Grant Shumwaydown in Monument Number Two, and since the night watchman was killed up there, his whole crew left and went to another mine. Have you seen any instances of Navajo superstition in the mines on the reservation?
 HURST PAGE 36EH: We were mining a three--two hundred and thirty foot shaft. They have a hoist up on top, and a hoist man that lets you down, and that's the only way out unless you want to climb straight up a ladder, which is a pretty good chore in itself. And we were upin the hoist house one day when--hoisted the men out and the shots had gone off down the hole. I don't remember the particulars. It was a little bit wet, and they had trouble lighting them, and they didn't take all the precautions. Anyway, there was two Indians-- two of the Navajos that was left down there. They didn't come out. And these other fellows went to the cage and rang to come up. They didn't stick around to find out what happened. And when they got to the surface, they found out what was the matter, these others down there. So we got back on the cage and went down, and you couldn't get the Indians to go in that cave. They just wouldn'tgo down. They weren't about to go down there to find out whether those men were still alive. They were just getting out, and theywere scared. And so we went down and got to the bottom, and the fellows were there waiting. And some of them had rocks thrown into their back a little bit. We took them over to Monument Valley Hos- pital, and got---?--- all right. But they was just afraid. If they were dead, they weren't going to go down there. And I thoughtmaybe it might be a problem of getting them to go back down, b.ut
 HURSTP AGE 3 7they went back without any problem after that. But I imagine that if one of them had been killed that they'd never go back in there.We had one Indian that wanted us to get a seat for his car, and old Buick. And asked if we would go to the junkyard up there in Bland- ing and get him a seat for his car. And we told him, yes we would. He says, "Don't get one where anyone was killed in it". He says, "us Navajos are superstitious." I've talked to them a lot about their superstitions, and I've asked them why they'd build a hogan and have the door on the east, and why they do this and why theydo that. They don't seem to talk much about their superstitions. They won't tell you much. They'll say, "Oh, I guess it's for this reason or that," or just kind of guess---?---. ---?--- too much, they don't talk about it. But they have quite a few of them.KB.: Has it ever been a deterrent to their working, aside from refusing to go into a mine where somebody had been killed? Do they have any other superstitions that might interfere with their work?EH: Uh, not to my knowledge. They could have. One of their superstitions I think that interfered with their work as much as anything is their squaw dances. That was a big problem with working them on the reservation. When a squaw dance comes, they had to go to the squaw dance.KB.: Was there a maximum wage that you could pay the Indians on the reserv-
 HURST P AGE 3 8ation? In other words, you couldn't pay them over a certain amount? EH: No, I don't think so. Not to my knowledge anyway, there was nothing.You couldn't--I don't think there was maximum. I think he was still under the minimum wage scale, as far as the government was concerned---?---. They just didn't go under a certain wage. As far as paying them any more, I didn't.KB: Since you do provice room and board and transportation for your employees, what is your pay rate, and do you pay by the hour or contract wage?EH: Well, we figured it out about what it would be per month. We pay six hundred dollars a month plus board and room and transportation.KB.: Is this for every position? I mean does this go for the ore haulers and the---?--- and everything?EH: Well, the guys we've got do it all, so it's--they got the same positions, so there's no problem there. It's just for mining.We just pay miner wages.KB.: Have you ever had a Navajo in a forman's position?EH: Yes, in Monument Valley we had two foremen, one on the night shift,on on the day shift. One of them had worked thirteen years for Kennecott Copper in Salt Lake. The other one was a little more dependab.le, spoke a little better English, and could communicatewith them because we had about three Navajos at work that didn't
 HURSTPAGE 39speak any English.KB: Well, if you chose these Navajos for a foreman's position becauseof their leadership ability of all around ability, would the Navajos accept the same man as their foreman? Did you ever have any prob- lems with the Navajos not accepting their appointed foreman?EH: No, they seem to go along with everything. But when you leave the hold,---?---. We spend most of our time in a pit up there, and We come along and check on this most of the time. Line them out in the first of the shift and they'd do pretty good with it. They don't get--1 don't know, they don't have this competing blood thatWhite people have. They just don't. If they'd have been white men down there, they'd have been trying. It seems like a lot oftimes when you got two miners together, they're trying to put out more than the next one. Several of the other shifts was working around Navajos, and they didn't care whether they made more than the other group, the other crew, or the other mines, or this.KB.: How did the town accept the influx of Navajo population generally? What do you believe is the general sentiment towards the Navajoliving in Blanding now?EH: Oh, I'd say that some people are not concerned and some are. Alot of people say that the way it is now, the welfare has brought in a goodly amount, all these training programs. If they chose to
 HURST P AGE 4 0settle here, what's going to--what's going to happen to Blanding? Where's the power going to come from? Are we going to be subject to--I'd guess you'd say, as are the people here, who are on jobs and going to pay taxes, and all this type of thing for the welfare ones. The ones that can get interest at one percent on---?~- homes. And who's going to pay the school taxes, and what are they going to us if they're not going to be property owners, and this type of thing. So there's the ones that are concerned that way, and there's the ones that figure, "Just don't worry about it".KB: Uh, one last question I have, and that's concerning the Tribal Council and the revenue it derives from uranium royalties and oil also. Have you seen any visible proof in around the reservation how these royalties are being used? Or do you have any opinion in that area?EH: Well, the Navajo tribe is probably one of the richest tribes there is, as far as the Indians go. One of their main goals, it seemsto me, with their money is schools and industry on the reservation.And that's what they work and that seems to be the these whichis of most concern to them. And the way I understand it, too, is that if you--like that mill in Mexican Hat. Any time you builda b.uilding on the reservation, you can't take it out; it's theirswhen you leave. If nobody else takes it and you leave it there,
 HURSTPAGE 41then it belongs to--and I guess if you can sell it to one of them, that's fine, hut you can pull a trailer house into the---?--- ora steel building erect, but if you just go down there, and youbuild houses and this kind of thing, why, it sticks with the reserv- ation. And this is more or less to keep--now like that mill, it's-- it's there, and a few people want to do things with it, hut the trib.e's hanging on to it to make sure that what comes in is goingto be for their good and to employ them and school them and what have you. But it seems to me like their main concern is their schooling and their industry.KB.: Do you believe this is the right approach for them to take even though it's rather--maybe you could say a socialistic approach?EH: Well, my personal opinion is that I'm not so concerned about their industry. I'm not so sure that that's anything--! mean good. Theywant to keep their identity and this type of thing. But I'm allfor seeing them educated because the education is the thing whichis going to help take them off welfare, I think~ When you consider that San Juan County, per capita, is pretty low on job opportunitywith the biggest percentage of people on welfare, it's not the educated people that are on welfare. It's the ones that aren't educated, and if they'd get educated, why, they'd go out and get them a job.. Eventually, they'd mix in with the regular working
 HURST P AGE 4 2force. But I don't--but it seems to me like they don't want tolose their identity that much.KB,: Dorothy, did you have any further questions that you thought of? DE: The only one was that it--KB: I don't--1 don't quite understand.DE: Oh, okay---?---.KB.: Well, I certainly thank you for talking to us.