 KAY P . JOHNSON Blanding, UtahInterview By Suzanne SimonUranium History Project Tape No. 123July 22, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 TABLE OF CONTENTSBackground 1 Bridge One Mine ..... 1 Service in World War II. 3 Entered Trucking Business. 3 Sold Trucking and Mining Business and Went to College .. 4 Trading Post ..Health Hazards. . ... .Helping Stake Claims .... .People Who Came Into Area for Uranium .......... 11 Father's Involvement With Happy Jack ........... 14 VCA Pilot Plant. . . . . . ............ 189 . 117
 THIS I S AN INTERVIEW FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORYSS:KJ: SS:KJ:SS: KJ:SPONSORED BY THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH ANDPROJECT, JOINTL YC A L I F O R N I A ST A TEI N T E R V I E W I N G K A YBLANDING, UTAH, AT FOUR P.M. ON JULY THE 22ND 1970.SIMON I S 3 R D W E S T ,Okay Mr. Johnson if you would just start by telling something about your early years, your background.You want to know--Where you were born and where you went to school and so forth.I was born in Blanding and I went to school in Blanding Elementary School and graduated there and went to San Juan High School and graduated from San Juan High in 1941. In 1941 I was married and that's the year we bought our first mine called Bridge One. We mined Bridge One for approximately two years, that was my father, Mr. Gilbert Shumway and myself. In 1943 into the service and we sold our mine at that time.Uh huh. Ridge number one was that Elk Ridge?No, that was just a mine out here in South Cottonwood. At the time there was a---?--- where Cottonwood and Brushy Basin join. And this mine is about two and a half miles below that south on down the river. The ore we mined at the time wasn't mined for the uranium content. It wasCOLLEGE A T FULLER TON. SUZANNE J O H N S O N A T H I S HOME A T 5 3 5 N O .mined for vanadium. SS: Oh, I see.KJ: But it contained a good percentage of uranium, however, it wasn't used at the time. The small amount of uranium
 KAY P . JOHNSONore is usually used for, oh, by this Madame Curie you know in her research and using uranium---?---. So we really didn't get paid for our uranium, we got paid for our vanadium.SS: And you sold to the, ah, was that the Blanding Mines Company Mill?KJ: No, we sold to the VCA in Monticello. They had a mill there at the time and I think it was run by Metal Reserve Corporation or something some title similar to that.SS: Uh huh.KJ: I don't recall the exact title but anyway they wereoperating and buying the ore VCA was the one that was receiving the ore. This is Vanadium Corporation of America.SS: Yeah. What did your ore assay, do you recall?KJ: It assayed around two to three percent in vanadium and 25hundredths to 30 hundredths in uranium.SS: Uh huh. Ah, let's see, you sold under a metals reservecontract. KJ: Y es.SS: And what price did you get for your ore?KJ: As I recall it was around 33 cents a pound for vanadium. SS: Uh huh. Did you get any allowance for shipping?KJ: Ton?SS: Uh huh.2
 KAY KJ: SS: KJ:SS: KJ:SS: KJ: ss:KJ:P . JOHNSONI don't recall what it was.Did you do any of the ore production yourself in mining? Yes, yes we did it all. We hired some help but we mined it and we did our own hauling. At the time and---?--- later we got a little more money out of the ore from --- ?--- miners around the area here.Uh huh.The complaint was that they had the price fix you know on account of the monopoly and so actually we got a little more money from that later on.What was the name of that trial?I couldn't possibly tell you.It was possibly---?--- v. Union Carbide? No, I don't think it would have been that?No, it wouldn't have been Union--well, it might have been. I think there's several companies was involved in that. I think Union Carbide and VCA and several companieswere involved in it at the time. I couldn't tell you what trial it was.Okay. So after your two years of mining at Ridge Number One you went into the service?Yes, in 1943, that was during Second World War and I wasSS:KJ:there two and a half years. SS: Uh huh.KJ: And when I came out of the service I bought trucks and3
 KAYSS:KJ:P . JOHNSONfrom then until about 1959 I was in the trucking business hauling uranium ore into the mill.Uh huh. And what different mines did you haul from? What areas?Oh, around this area, maybe I hauled, mostly for Shumway Brothers at the time---?--- my brother-in-law. But they had mines all over, some on Elk Creek, some up here in Cottonwood area and some down in Dry Valley and some in Montezuma Creek and just all around the county you know. Well, tell me about your trucking experiences.Oh, just hard work.Hard work, did you ever ah lose equipment, ah, on the rough roads?No, I didn't, several truckers did.Those roads I've seen look pretty rough to me.I never had, ah, lost a truck.Did you by any chance do any trucking out of the White Canyon area?Yes, I trucked from White Canyon down into Mexican Hat and also from White Canyon, well, actually it's---?-- Canyon back into White Canyon. One time they had a mill down where the ferry was on the Colorado River ---?---of course now it's under Lake Powell.SS: KJ: SS:KJ: SS: KJ: SS:KJ:SS: Yeah, I'm very much interested in the little town that grew up there around that mill in White Canyon, I'd like4
 KAY P . JOHNSONto--ah, well--maybe we can put that aside for a few minutes and talk more about your trucking experiences. Ah, how did you charge for your service?KJ: We were paid by the ton. ---?--- so much per ton.SS: Hu huh. Relative to how far you had to--KJ: Yes, uh huh.SS: And what was that price, did it fluctuate much during theyears?KJ: Yes, it fluctuated quite a bit, I'd have to go back andlook my records up to really tell you all the prices. We had our tariff problem with the ICC, Inner State Commerce and also the Public Service Commission in Utah. I don't recall the prices.SS: Well, about--KJ: Around eight dollars a ton as I recall most of the time. SS: Uh huh. And what kind of trucks did you use?KJ: Well I started out with---?--- trucks, Chevrolets andFords, two ton trucks, that would haul about six or eight ton. And then before I sold that I some diesel trucks --- ?--- hauling around 30 ton.SS: Hmmmm! That's quite a large jump isn't it from--KJ: It is.SS: --from the early ones.KJ: The competition got to be too great and course there werelarge companies and I wasn't able to compete with them. 5
 KAYP . JOHNSONAnd I had developed some back troubles from driving a truck for so many years anyway and so I sold them and what little interest I did have in mines at the time, I did have some interest, very little, I sold those and took the money and went to college.Ah, what other mines did you have interest in?I had some interest in several mines of my brother-in- 1aws out here in Cottonwood. There was, oh, several groups; Royal Flash, I had a little interest in a mine down on the reservation called the C-3. This was at Oljetoh. And at one time I had some interest in some mines down in what they call Deer Flat, Sandy, Sandy group.SS: KJ:SS: Uh huh. We, ah, had the pleasure of going through the Sympatica.KJ: SS:Did you?Yeah, ah Dr. Shumway talked to one of his cousins, I can't remember which one right now that I guess is mining it now and we went through it and the first carnotite I ever saw was out there.They're all my brother-in-laws---?---KJ:SS: Uh huh.KJ: My wife has six brothers and they're all interested inmining.SS: I see, uh huh.6
 KAY P . JOHNSONKJ: ---?---brother-in-law---?---SS: Umm, well, now, thinking about the town of White Canyon,can you remember when you first noticed that there wasanything growing up out there in the way of a community? KJ: I suppose the first thing that indicated that there was quite a bit going on down there, Ray Lyman begin to haul acid down to the mill, it became quite a regular thing and at that time the roads were pretty much just goat trails and it was quite a thing to have someone take a truck down them with a load of acid. So it was quite interesting community and a lot of people was quite curious as to what was going on down there, severalpeople went down and---?---. Course the big thing there, the center of attraction was the mill itself. And then there were cranes, little cranes put up with tents over them and lumber shacks put up and back towards Blanding oh maybe five six miles in a little side canyon there was a spring there and someone had set up a little store there.ss: Would that be Fry Point?KJ: No, no Fry Point would be about 35 miles from there.SS: Oh, I see.KJ: This was only five or six miles.ss: Uh huh. Ah, would that be maybe the trading post---?---had. There was one called White Canyon Trading Post out7
 KAY P . JOHNSONthere I believe.KJ: I believe they were interested in---?--- I think that's their name.SS: Ah, what did a town really develop, I mean did they ever have schools and a church or anything like that?KJ: To my knowledge they didn't, no. It was mostly just a large camp where the workers that worked in the mill lived and some of them had their families there, but if they did have families they---?--- up to Fry Canyon, they had a school there, bring them back.SS: Ah, earlier you said that the large companies got to be too much competition for your independent trucking business. Was this a general pattern, were there other independent truckers to begin with?KJ: Yes, there was a lot of them---?--- probably half a dozen or so. Mostly just individuals owned their own truck---?--- themselves---?--- fairly independent. ?---up around Toelle(?) and oh several larger trucking companies moved in and they began to going to the miners and asking them to put their, hauling out on contracts onbids and so forth and they were able to underbid most ofthem. SS: Uh huh.KJ: Course when you get into the ICC regulations and the records that have to be kept for them and public8
 KAYP . JOHNSONutilities for the different states it involves almost as much for a small operator as it does for a large company and you just haven't got that capital to compete with one.Uh huh. Ah, the interest that you had in the other minesthat you mentioned were you--did you do anymore mining orSS:were you--had a share of stock or how was that?KJ: At times I did mine, yes. I hired my trucking completely done, hired the drivers and of course I supervised it, hired my own drivers and I worked inthe mines.SS: Which kind of work did you like better, mining or drivingtrucks?KJ: Well, I didn't mind either one of them---?---. I'd saythat mining is something that is interesting because it's always sort of a gamble. You're always wondering---?--- hits the next ground, you know your ---?---. So it is interesting and it kind of keeps you going. Trucking the same route and the same thing every day in and day out it loses it's interest that mining ---?--- Working conditions for trucks are better than they are in themines.SS: When, ah, did you ever worry about health hazards down inthe mine?KJ: Ah, not too much.9
 KAY SS: KJ:SS:KJ:P . JOHNSON No?The main thing was the smoke created by the diesel and the heat in the mine caused the most trouble.Did you ever have any worries cave-ins and blasts going off when they shouldn't and that sort of thing?Well, I think everybody was worried about that. Yes, I think you'd have to say you do have those worries, but I never worried about it like a lot of people. The thing to do is to try to make sure and do everything you can so that you're quite certain that things are safe, you don't let it bother you after that, you know.On these mines that are relatively small compared to, say the Happy Jack or some of those big ones, how many people would you have mining at a time on a crew?Oh, I'd say around half a dozen.And would you go out and stay the whole week and--Well, if it was out some distance, yes. We usually camped out there, had a camp and---?--- probably come in during the middle of the week and---?---. The mines that I was interested in most of the time was close enough in that I could go home every night.Uh huh. I guess that was nice for your family, huh?SS:KJ: ss: KJ:ss:KJ: A lot of them, we worked two and three shifts in a daythough and so a lot of the times we were working during nights and home during the daytime. When you're in the10
 KAYSS:KJ:SS:KJ:SS:KJ:P . JOHNSONmine it doesn't matter whether it's day or night.No, I guess that's right. It stays about the same temperature all the time doesn't it?Yes, uh huh. It does unless you get a tunnel going clear through and break through on another end and have another entrance and then you get sometimes a strong current that goes right through---?---.I guess walking around out there in the middle of July is ---?--- cold in this country, but I'm sure it gets that way. Well let's see now. Did you ever do any prospecting? Very 1ittle. I helped stake some claims but I never prospected much.Did you, did you want to and just not have time or did it not interest you very much?Well most the time---?--- prospecting was going on was during Uranium boom; I was on a mission for the church, so when I got back most of the interesting claims had been taken up and the ones that people knew about I helped stake some of them after that but--What were some of them?As far as looking for them, why, I didn't. Most of them that I helped stake were down in Butler Wash. And they were called---?---.SS: KJ:SS: Uh huh, yes, where is Butler Wash from Blanding? KJ: It's in the southwestern direction down where the11
 KAY P . JOHNSON---?--- society is located now west of it.SS: And did you have an interest in those, ah--KJ: Y es.SS: Which of the mines that you were interested in assayedKJ:SS: KJ: SS: KJ: SS: KJ:ss:KJ: SS: KJ: SS: KJ:SS:out the best for uranium?Probably the Royal Flush.And that's over--That's out in west of Blanding in Cottonwood. Oh!Most of them I was interested in didn't pan out too much. Uh huh.---?---latecomers just take the tail end of things, you know.About the late comers, the so-called boomers, did you know any of the people that came in that were more or less strangers to the area and just kind of out prospecting on the weekends?Not too many of them, no.Ah, what did you think of them?I felt they were here to find what they could.Y eah.If they can make the best of the situation, you know, you mean did I hold any animosity towards them or anything like that?W ell--12
 KAY P . JOHNSONKJ: Feel they're intruders?SS: Well, there might be that sort of feeling and there mightbe the, ah, kind of feeling where you might think that they were, didn't really hardly know how to get out of a wet paper sack much less some of those canyonlands.KJ: Well, of course, you always run into that, those people have troubles, but I never did consider them particularly as intruders. But ever since that time Blanding has been more and more a place where you go downtown and you don't know people that you meet on the streets. Today, why, you go down there and chances are you meet more people that you don't know than you do know. It hasn't always been like that.SS: Uh huh. Ah, can you think of any---?--- of people that you knew that were here for the boom, we have some of our interviewers that are looking real hard for those people. You mean here during the boom that have gone--KJ: ss:KJ:Uh huh that or maybe, have never been interested in uranium until the thing kind of got rolling and then got into it.Oh there's lots of people in that situation but I don't know if I can name them all by any means. There was aWalker family here, Jess Walker and his son was here. Course they been associated in and around this country for years, they didn't always live right in Blanding and13
 KAYSS: KJ:SS: KJ: SS: KJ:P . JOHNSONthey're not living here now.Do you have any idea where they are now?No. Some of the children live around, Mrs. Helpler, Morris Helpler's wife, is the Daughter of Mr. Walker. You undoubtedly heard of Mark Washburn in your interviews.Y es.His wife is the daughter of Mr. Walker.Oh, uh huh.The Kimberleys were here years ago. Some of them are still around. One son is still around. He has someinterest in the Cottonwood ore out in Cottonwood. Mr. Kimberely is the one who was operating the mill years ago up there in Cottonwood.Oh, uh huh.Then there's another fellow, Gene Blickenstaff came to this country with Mr. Kimberely from California years ago and married a local girl is still here. I don't know how involved he was in the mines or whether he just came with them as a friend---?--- got a truck from him later on hauling ore.Uh huh.There's been so many you just forget their names. You don't become intimately acquainted and most of them are not close friends so you don't remember too many of them.SS: KJ:SS: KJ:SS: Uh huh.14
 KAY P . JOHNSONKJ: They come and go. Here today, gone tomorrow.SS: Well, I can't think of any other questions right now. Isthere anything you'd like to add?KJ: Not particularly, apparently you know the story of myfather's involvement in the Happy Jack and that was theirbig--SS: I'd sure like to hear you repeat it though, if you would.Tell how they came into it and what you know of the HappyJack.KJ: Well as I recall they, ah, I don't recall just how theycame into it. I think that things happened, they took a pack and went down in there and restaked the claims, they restaked the---?--- at one time and course, ---?--- staked them at that time the uranium had no value and they staked them for copper claims and there was an old wagon trail that the cowboys used to haul their winter supplies in on their winter range that they used and that's how they got down in there and staked the claim and my father and his brother and the Hayes brothers were involved in it. And several years later they, probably a year or two years, probably before uranium became useful they sold---?--- as I recall the price was a thousanddollars they each got 250 dollars.SS: Well, had they made more trips back in there to do-- KJ: Yes, they did quite a bit of work, improving up on the15
 KAYP . JOHNSONclaims and at the time my father wasn't interested in selling at all, he wanted to go in and do more with the claims but he couldn't get any others interested in the claims to go with him, they figured they weren't worthit. And when they talked him into selling he wasn't interested in selling but they outvoted him so they sold and of course the Happy Jack became famous then.Y eah.I think they got sold for 3o mil1ion, something 1ike that.Uh huh. Did any of the, did the mine get developed at all in those years?No, not enough--Did they take any ore out?They brought a little out yes, just what they could bring out on those single wagons---?---Uh huh.With teams.Uh huh. Did--when they went in to do their assessmentwork did they go on horseback, or--?headquarters for---?--- used to be there by the moss backs on down in White Canyon. Probably 25 or 30 miles.SS: KJ:SS:KJ: SS: KJ:SS: KJ: ss:KJ:SS: Uh huh. That's a long rugged way over there.KJ: Quite a ways. That would have been from where theEither on horseback or pack or they went on the wagons.16
 KAY P . JOHNSONSS: Was anybody living back in there then?KJ: To my knowledge the only people that were down in thereSS: KJ: SS: KJ: ss: KJ:SS: KJ:were the cowboys that were with the cattle on the range, ---?---range I don't think there was anyone else. Might be a few old prospectors.[Laughter] Ah, did your father do any other prospecting? No.Just had the interest in that---?--- Happy Jack. That's right.He's probably pretty disgusted after that finding-- Well, I suppose a lot of people lost out on what might have been---?---.Oh yeah, that hindsight is wonderful stuff.It is. Well, really it's not as really bad and dark as it sounds because at the time there wasn't any sale for uranium at all and prospects of ever making a copper mine out of it was very dim. And one fellow I know of had already given them 250 dollars I believe it was as a ?--- money option to buy. He forfeited that money rather than pick up the option.Hmmm. So they weren't alone in it.No, they weren't alone in it.ss:KJ:SS: Why would it not have been feasible to work it as acopper mine?KJ: Well, they're too far away from any kind of a---?---17
 KAYP . JOHNSONplant to start with and there wasn't any way of transporting it out. Oh, you could haul it by pack or wagon down to the river and ship it on boat someplace where you could pick it up and haul it back, clear backinto Blanding. At that time they used highway 95 that goes down to Lake Powell now.---?--- more than the wagon trail itself and from---?--- headquarters on down it wasjust actually two wagon tracks down to the---?--- Hmmmm!Ore has to be very valuable to be worth all that. Yeah, has to be very high grade too.So considering the prospects there were for the ore of the mine at the time maybe they got a pretty good deal after all.Well, that's true. They each got 250 dollars out of it I guess it looked pretty good then.It was pretty good returns for what they'd done down there, in those days a dollar meant a lot more than it does now. But the thing that happened of course uranium came on the market on the scene very shortly after that and immediately the value jumped way up and it proved to be a very valuable mine as far as uranium was concerned. Do you have any idea, now you've been associating around mines for a long time, why the VCA chose to put a pilot plant down in there, I mean it was an area where theySS: KJ: SS: KJ:SS:KJ:SS:18
 KAY P . JOHNSONdidn't own any claims?KJ: Oh, I think they owned some claims down there.SS: Oh really?KJ: I think so. The main reason I think is just a buyingstation where they could take this ore and concentrate it into a more concentrated form to their mills, as opposed to taking the raw ore clear into their plant---?---. However I think they lost money, I don't think they were paid for it.SS: There was the difficulty with separating the copper and the uranium wasn't it?KJ: Uh huh. I think they ran into several difficulties and I think ultimately I think that it lost money for them.SS: What other problem was there?KJ: Oh, like you say the main problem was their---?--- theyhad problems in separating the ore I think they finally licked that all right but by that time why things had developed to where it became more economical, they had found better grades of ore than the---?--- moved away from them really ---?--- progressed so fast and developed, kind of like the old horse and buggy days trying to operate while they had the automobile going. So they---?--- what machinery they could salvage---?---why they moved it out.SS: Do you know if the mill site is under water now?19
 KAY P . JOHNSONKJ: It is.SS: It is? uh huh. And the town site too?KJ: The town site---?--- everything underwater.SS: Okay, well, I certainly do thank you for your time andinformation. KJ: Y ou're welcome.20