 RALPH J . NOONAN North Blanding, UtahAn Interview ByDorothy Erick and Suzanne SimonUranium History Project Tape No. 118, 119August 7, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsBackground .......... . Radio-Geophysical's Technique. . . . . Schooling For This Type of Work. . . . . ... . .1 3 8 9Radon Detection Equipment. . . . . Exploring the Shumway Property.. 13 . ....... . 23 . ...... . 28 Radioactivity at the Mills 30 VCA Pilot Mill . 33 How he was Received by Outsiders. 34 The Shumway Families Business Dealings 35 Personal Mining V entures. 43Exploring Elk Ridge. . Happy Jack. . .What Had to be Done in the Mines. 51 Moenkopi 59 Stretch Out Program. 60 Experiences with the Navajos . 62 Tape #2Workers and Working Conditions. 68 Finding a Sold Claim .... . 72 Other Camps ....... . 73 Efficiency and Mining Costs . .. 74
 THE FOLLOWING ISHIGHWAY 47 NORTHBY DOROTHY ERICK AND SUZANNE SIMON1970 AT MR. NOONAN'S BUSINESS ESTABLISHMENT, HIS METAL WORKSHOP NEXT TO H I S HOME.DE: This morning I'd like to have you tell us who you are and where you came from and how you happened to be in Blanding.RN: Well, my name's Ralph Noonan and I have been working petroleum geophysics and exploration work for about eight years, oh, all over North America. And at that time, in '54 I was working for a man who was an ore operator in San Antonio, Texas. His name was Tom Slick and they, ah, all the activity and interest in uranium I become interested in this, so I came up here to manage it, exploration and---?--- company. And we got here, we came up here in the spring of 1954. The connection, the reason we came to San Juan county to Blanding, they were indirect association with one of the company officers, with a member who knew the Shumway family and through that association why an arrangement was made to do some work on some of their mining claims up there.DE: Who was the name that you were in contact with?RN: Well he was a retired major, an air force major and I'm sorry but I've forgotten his name, but he was retired and living in San Antonio and was a neighborAN INTERVIEW WITH BLANDING, UTAH. HENOONAN OF INTERVIEWEDto one of the officers of Ticktock Corporation; it'sRALPH J . I S BEINGON FRIDA Y ,AUGUST 7 ,
 RALPHJ . NOONANa geophysical company. But we were in the process of, actually of Mr. Slick was kind of an unusual man, he had made a lot of money in the oil business and he was into things like going to Tibet to look for the bottomless coal mine and South America for lost diamond mines and all that sort of thing. At that time we were evaluating unorthodox methods and techniques for the exploration of ore. Just anybody would come in with a pick, and some electronic gizmo why we would take it out, actually take it out in the field and evaluate it. But anyhow we found uranium with it. When this Slick came up to get up in uranium, why, that just suited him to a tee, um, well it's kind of an exotic thing to get into and of course people in those days had a lot of tax money to spend, too. So we came up here and began work on the Shumway claims and they were, turned out to be real ah, well, marvelous, ah, that's all I can say that's Shumway's down here, Merlin Burdett, the boys, Merlin Burdett, Eugene, Skinny, Floyd, Glen. However, ourmain interest really was in--course the company was basically interested in making money but along with that we were just as much interested in the prospecting for ore and geology and all the technical aspects of uranium; the prospecting for it,2
 RALPHJ . NOONANdevelopment of the ore and so forth. Just about as much as were interested in making money out of it. And it turned out that we did find reasonably substantial ore bodies in at least three of the properties that Shumway had. That was Payday mine, that's down way, and the Look mine which was there atthe Big Notch and the Sandy mine which is down towards Deer Flat which is down deep in the White Canyon District.DE: I understand that Radio-Geophysical, in exploring that area used a technique that hadn't been done before, could you explain a little bit about--RN: Yes, well, coming out of the oil fields we had some ideas that were just natural for us apply. Some of them were just plain simple, ah, applications such as structural mapping and that sort of thing. But after we were here awhile we didn't--this wasn't an original technique that we had developed independently. But we, I think, pioneered theapplication of it in the field and that was the detection of radon 222, in association with buried ore bodies.DE: Uh huh.RN: And that was done through an attachment set up with apipeline company out of Oklahoma City, Churchill 3
 RALPHJ . NOONANPipeline Company and so we designed, ah, their was some real competent engineering brains in the company. I was mainly--my main business was with the collection of data in the field and the management of the field operations, along with this some application of it, interpretation of data and soforth. But the brains that developed the equipment and the whole theoretical research and development on the thing was down, down around out of San Antonio. And so we put one of these units in the field and it was just a simple process of collecting surface gases from the surface country rock and run those gases through a highly sensitive alpha chamber and ah, we used it both in reconnaissance and then also in trying to locate anomalous areas, but then also in delineating those anomalies. And we were very pleased and very surprised at the results from that effort so when we went into the contracting business we did work for Utah Construction, Sunshine Mines, several oil companies and we worked over the Grants areas. We worked in---?--- Wyoming and the results were almost clearly indicated that this would be a legitimate and a ---?--- located and of course today it's commonpractice. DE: Uh huh.4
 RALPH J . NOONANRN: But that was one technique of two that we did do, Ithink we did, I think we did for the industry, for the whole industry throughout the industry, used all the information we gathered. USGF was using a technique that was, it amounted to the same thing. They--it was a geobotanical process where they would collect vegetative samples, samples of vegetation and then burn it not an ash and then you put the ash in a counter chamber.DE: Uh huh.RN: Ah, but we did apply some other ah, well they wasjust common tools in the oil field, ah, for instance the Elk Ridge D istrict and the White Canyon D istrict all the productions down there, uranium, currently uranium is in the Moqui, Shinarump paleocene channel system. And we attempted to---?--- the Shinarump and we didn't have any luck with that because there's a change of---?--- from the upper Chinle into what's called the Shinarump, actually it's still part of the Chinle and there's no, you can't differentiate between these upper shales in the Shinarump sand so we threw that out but then we applied a technique that we had used in seismic work and we would have used seismic except that the horizons, the productive horizons we so shallow that there was no equipment at5
 RALPHJ . NOONANthat time to find a resolution to pick up the reflection, the vertical reflection of seismic work200 anywhere from 50 to 250, 300 feet. And so we were busy doing all these things at the same time as all this hub bub was going on around us. It was like a beehive around here and we really and truly felt almost at home because all of us had spent nearly all of our work time in the boondocks of Louisiana or Canada or somewhere like that so we were right at home. It wasn't a unique thing for us except the difference, except the hard minerals in places of petroleum. And so we got back into all the nooks and crannies and backwater of the whole area and we met a lot of people, ah, not, a lot of people we met in business locally and then people who came in, a lot of people who were in the promotional end of it, stock companies and whatnot but then also indirectly back through, through connections in the oil business why we came to know a good many people all the way from out in the field, all the way to the top. And so we kind of ricocheted back and that's about the way we got in here, got going at least a couple of things. We designed ---?---skeleton of the old regional model--we built around 30 of those, they're gamma ray logging devices for logging drill holes. At6
 RALPHJ . NOONANthat time there were not available. Now, they have some really highly sophisticated units available, to do many more things besides just record a gammaresponse on the drill. But we were doing those and marked 80 ft. off. And from there the--after these ore bodies were found on Shumway's properties they were mined. This was during the early days of the program, where the old ---?--- I'm thinking particularly of the bonus, AEC bonus program and there was some money made. And about, I guess it was about '58 when the boom began to die off and a lot of the newness wore off why Mr. Slick lost his interest and so the company elected to abandon their interests here and by that time I had gotten used to country and the people and climate and the business andeverything else so I just cut the card and plumped down and decided I wanted to stay here. And so I've been doing a little work for myself. Since that time I've done a little bit of mining but my main interests are in prospecting and more than--. Well I like the money all right, I'd like to make some money but ah, mining is actually hammer and tongs work to dig it out of the ground; it's less appealing to me than the findings and development of the ore and oh the developments that go along with the business7
 RALPH J . NOONANitself I mean, you know.DE: I have some questions that you've brought up here. What was your schooling to get into this type of workfor Mr. Slick?RN: Yeah, well, I spent at the University of Texas beforeWorld War II and after about five years of service why when I got out I went back to the University intending--I went back to the University but the situation there didn't appeal to me so I had some old flier friends, flying buddies who knew some people in Houston. But I had attended the University of Texas for three years in petroleum, and I went to work in Houston for a seismograph contractor, contracting company and we worked for various major oilcompanies, California Company and Sinclair, Texas Company and a whole spread of major oil companies and just about at the break of the Korean War while there was another surge in U.S. domestic oil exploration and the seismograph business just expanding head over heels and Mr. Slick found me and made me an offer that I liked so I picked up and--but I'd had three years training prior to working.DE: Then all your field work of course, ah, was background for what you've done on uranium.RN: Yea, yea, it was about '45, '46 to '52 about six 8
 RALPH J . NOONANyears that I was in, ah, in seismo work before I came up here.DE: And all these instruments that you had used in the oil and all those that you adapted for use in uranium and you sold, was this patented under Mr. Slick's name?RN: Ah, no. No, not the radon. There were several aspects to the equipment, several components that were used in radon detection equipment that were patentable and is patented I think by the Churchill Pipeline Company but you see what that was a joint venture effort. When we were the evaluating, we presented the idea to this man, he had the tax money to spend, he put up 100,000 dollars and just take it and go and when you come up with some answers come back and let me know. That's just the way those kind of people do business and so we did. Now I think it took the pipeline company, they had the, could have had some of those components in the unit but it was ah, it was really an improvisation and a modification of knowledge and technique that had already been used. For instance ionization chambers and those sorts of things that had already been used for a big sewage concern. Take these capabilites and then modify them so they could be applied for reconnaissance work, was, ah, it9
 RALPHJ . NOONANinvolved the development of several unique aspects of equipment. For instance, ---?--- ah, so little was known then about radon 222 and not a great deal is know now but the migratory aspects and characteristics of it's gases, originally it was thought was that a buried ore body was, as it deteriorated into the daughter products that for instance as radon 222 was generated why then it would migrate to the surface, but that cannot be partly due to the half life of radon 222. But then also our thinking was that was you find natural gas in certain types of strata continuously, why you can deduce that this gas has migrated up against, through some sort of a host rock or so forth and there will be petroleum associated with this natural gas and the mechanics are entirely different but the system goes that radon 222 can, it's capable, it migrates vertically no matter what the permeability of the overlying bedrock. But subsequently we pretty well determined that it wasn't the radon 222 that generated at the ore bodies but trace minerals of the mineral itself that migrated vertically at the surface or near the surface and then in right with surface deteriorated and generated the radon right at the surface and so we--well driving the idea is ah,10
 RALPHJ . NOONANwe finally developed the idea of just drilling ashallow hole, ---?--- the hole, put a probe in there with a packer on it, that was just an air inflated ring that would seal off the outside of the air there inside the hole and then apply the vacuum to thatopen tube there inside the hole and sealed off and we'd apply a pump to that and draw those gases out of that rock continuously and there were pretty highly technical aspects of it---?--- chamber itself, the geometry of it and the particular alpha---?--- and so forth that were in there that were unique to the particular equipment that we used. Now, people are actually taking beer cans and turning them over on to of the ground and let them sit there for two or three days and go back try to collect gas in the can and that sort of thing. But the people who were in Utah Construction came back to our company two or three times. They were completely sold on the use of this technique and they applied it in Wyoming with great success and in fact they actually delineated ore bodies up there when they got out there to the mine and knew exactly where they were. But the Wyoming country is very different rock country than we have down here. But ah, the patents, any patents that were involved, if there were any applied for and awarded11
 RALPHJ . NOONANwhy they'd be owned, in that particular unit, why they'd be owned by Churchill Pipeline Company, out at---?--- City. A lot of these things are patentable and Mr. Slick set up an outfit called Southwest Research Institute and they are very big now in research and development with ---?--- department of defense. And that's their main business in fact they, I just got something from them not too long ago, yeah, here, Southwest Research Institute, but our business was actually Southwest Research Institute developed out of what Mr. Slick's initial idea and what we were doing, and they were the, of course it has now blossomed out into highly technical and highly scientific research and development and any corporation, any company, any individual who will come to them with any kind of an idea, no matter how wild, how far out or anything else, why they will take and evaluate it and try to determine whether there 9 s any merit or any use or what there is if there's any value in the idea at all. And so we were involved in, like I said, developing new techniques to find ore, that was the main interest but just exactly how patents were handled I don't know, it was a battery of a Legal Counsel. Company had to have allthose things and I never took any interest in it. 12
 RALPH J . NOONANDE: Um, when you were exploring the Shumway property didyou, yourself go out with the field crew that did thework out there?RN: Oh yeah, yeah I directed the program and in fact Ihad one hundred percent control over the management of all the operations up here and we had geophysical field crews out and we had regular exploration crews out and we'd go out with drill rigs and drill holes and log them, map the holes, carry all the data that we thought would go along with, that would need to be maintained in a file of Elk Ridge. The main efforts were on Elk Ridge, south Elk Ridge, that's from, ah, Payday was just above the Notch, what they call the Big Notch and then south and southwest on into Red and White Canyon, in fact we usually had this main area of interest of the company and that's the only place that I've had any interest in since I been here.ss: When you sent the crew out, did, what did, what members made up the crew? You had drillers, you probably had to have someone to survey, someone to get the rig in. Tell us something about how you actually operated in the field and what some of your experiences were.RN: Yeah. Well, a standard, we just about the main, the 13
 RALPHJ . NOONANmain structure of the exploration crew today still about the same except for people who, who are now trying to use, ah, geophysical techniques and soforth. But you need a surveyor and we had a survey party, a standard survey party with a crew of about five men. The control out in that area was and still is relatively poor, that is vertical bench marks established by competitor, by USGS. The survey party was, would run in vertical and horizontal controls to properly map and locate the location of any claims that you were going to work on whether you were lease this or however the interest was acquired. You can earn interest by drilling, earn interest by drilling holes on people's claims, doing geologic work in some of the other and some were actually located were actually made, just go out and take an area out of the, stake it on the mining 1ogs. But however the interest was acquired the area would be properly surveyed and the title would be examined by an attorney to detect any possible or any--albeit there are enough booby traps in most mining claims but there is at least a few of them you can avoid. And after that the hard money would move in behind that, it was probably a tractor, a bulldozer, something they could trail wasn't always necessarily big14
 RALPHJ . NOONANbulldozer, sometimes just a light machine. But we worked closely hand in hand with the forest while we were there. They were highly cooperative and we tried to cooperate with them, we always got their permission, told them where we were going to go and what we were going to do. And their main request atthat time was not to destroy or to eliminate any, any sapling or new growth or larger trees of any kind that would be of commercial value which would be mainly ponderosa pine, like that and we would go out of our way to be very reasonable. ---?--- everybody working out there to follow the requirements. So we move in we built access trails or roads, whatever was necessary to get in there and then based on some at least some preliminary geologic premise we would begin drilling holes and what it boils down to is following an old underground stream bed is all it amounts to.Uh huh.And whether you do it through study of the rocks that you encounter in the holes or whether you do it through carrying real close survey control and carry a structural map on ---?--- Shinarump rock on the formation which is shale and it's very easy to pick that break anyplace [in the] Colorado basin--that isDE: RN:15
 RALPHJ . NOONANthe surface elevation on the hole and you strap drill pipe and run a log, a gamma log on the hole and there's generally always a little kick, just a little gamma response got at that interface whether you'rein a hole or whether you're near ore or not there's always just a little bit of radioactivity and so if you have a blind, what they call a blind hole you don't get---?--- drilling this hole, you don't know when you---?--- why, sometimes you can lean on the gamma log when you get ---?---. So drilling would begin, we'd drill holes and we'd follow these channels. [If] our faith held out we'd find some ore somewhere along them and that was--all that data was gathered posted on maps and the initial program of drilling is generally done on a fairly broad basis. But we soon learned the targets we were looking for in this business were so different from petroleum targets where you get out there half a mile or a mile center, ah, looking for an oil field but you can ah, a half an acre of ground of the right kind of ground of hard minerals if it's the right kind of ore, well you got a pretty valuable ore body. So in other wordswhat we had to do was to really narrow down and intensify on a much narrower scale, for these type of targets and ore bodes that we were looking for up16
 RALPHJ . NOONANthere. And we soon learned we had to pull in on these drill holes. For instance, there is such a thing asinvestigating an area geologically just by pulling cores, going to an area and take a core drill in there and just drill about around thousand foot centers or fifteen hundred or whatever you want to do. We did this in the badlands of Dakota one time, where the record was poor and just pul1 cores and study the formations and try to map, and try to detect or map any structures in that area just bystudying those cores. And so when we got up here why that is one a quarter to half mile centers so we got up here and we began to look for these little narrow ore bodies, some of the better mines out here, the ore in them is pretty black, well it's the best. Some of the better mines in the Elk Ridge ---?--- Happy Jack ---?---. Some of those ore stringers in there weren't over 25, 30, 40, 50 feet wide. And so you begin to look for those, hit those kind of target with drill holes and when we used drills, drilling rigs that are common in, oh the seismic work when they were failing, or they used one thousandth why they were contract drillers and they were on a footage basis, so much a foot, and of course when they're on footage basis they wanna get, make holes17
 RALPHJ . NOONANfast as they can. They want the fastest rate of penetration as they can get. Well just as soon as you do that with short length drill pipes and those holes will bottom out. You don't know where they're going to bottom out, maybe at a 200 foot depth. You think you're all set and you've got to drill a hole mineral or ore in it and you want to offset that hole say 25 feet. Well you got a drill up there and it looks fine, the dirt's over 25 feet. This is encountered many times. Underground miners later on trying to find an underground hole that will fill right in to the surface. Of course these holes can be, this could actually be in the ore. Over here the level of the ore you could be only 25 foot offset from the surface and that hole could be 40, 50, or 75 feet displaced under the ground by the time you get down there. The difference in length of drill pipe isn't that much, of course, triangle---?--- triangle isn't that much longer than ---?---. So that was a big problem of having contract drillers who were really wanting to cram these holes down as fast as they could and youwere extremely interested in drilling a straight hole because you wanted 25 foot offset, you wanted to be really assured. Now there was a way to do that, we had experience out in the oil field. You used two18
 RALPHJ . NOONANtong bits and you used what they call a drill pipe. They're just extra heavy pieces of drill pipe of awful heavy strong steel that will not bend where youshort pipes bend at these little collars and it's a pin and cup joint. Those little light drills when they are really trying to make holes as fast as they can and there's some streaks of really, really hard chert up in that country and if those rock bits encounter an incline, little break of that real hard chert why it' 11 break it to bits, but then they' 11 find the same thing in the oil field you know. A lot of litigation going on now of people who intentionally, some of them were, you got a lease over here with a bunch of productive oil wells on it and I have a leaser over here with a couple of dry holes on it we try to drill straight well that---?-- - bottom that hole out over there on your oil patch somewhere. But crooked hole is one of our big worries on our drilling and it still is today. Now, ah, Eastman Kodak Company has developed a reasonably acceptable cost on surveying holes. There are ways to survey drill holes but they're all expensive and only in the extensive, deep holes can you afford to use it. But Eastman and one other company now is in competition with them, has come out and I don't have19
 RALPHJ . NOONANany actual figures on the cost, but for surveying shallow mining country, they have come out with a technique that's--I've never used it but there is one available that I understand is considerably less expensive. And we started to try to get into that but by that time we they were already starting to pull out. At that time the Atomic Energy Commission had some crews out. They were two camps there, there was one on the Little Notch on Elk Ridge. They had afield camp up there and they had one down in Cottonwood ---?---. But we knew the director, Mr. McPherson of the whole program and he admitted to us one day that up to that time out of fifty-two ore bodies, minable ore bodies that had been found on the plateau, not in San Juan County, but on the plateau that the AEC efforts had found two of them independently. What they had finally evolved into was a complete geologic team that was out there. Now some of these geologists they knew better than this but they were, their hands were tied, they couldn't do anything but what they finally evolved into being was if some prospector went out here and hit a drill hole or if he went out and found a ---?--- well they'dcome in there behind that man and would work that out but the whole team was a completely independent20
 RALPHJ . NOONANgovernment exploration team that was out there trying to find uranium ore for a federal reserve, that's what they were in it for. The government needed, they thought they needed, I guess they needed uranium at that time for strategic purposes. Mr. McPherson he had no compunction about that, he said, "We found twoout of fifty-two," and USGS found, they may have found, I don't recall. But that wasn't their purpose, their purpose was not to actually find ore and develop ore for the government. They were geological survey, they were studying the geology and the occurrence and trying to develop technical data. Their objective wasn't to find ore but the AEC's objective was to find ore. So those two camps were going on, they, USGS was doing some field work, they had a team out gathering plant samples for geobotanical analysis and I think that they tried to use reflection seismic warps down on the reservation. Up on Elk Ridge the shinarump channels, the paleocene channels, are not deeply scoured there, they arewell, a channel scour there that's in the order of say around 20 feet. There may have been some scours deeper than that, that I don't know about. I don't think there are. Whereas down on the reservation, down in there there's some of those paleocene21
 RALPH J . NOONANchannels that were deeply scoured as deeply as 300 and 350 feet deep. They cut all the way through all the---?--- Phillips Petroleum Company spent a huge amount of money drilling on those things. They chased them for miles and miles and miles and they wereessentially barren of any mineral, but GS I think, attempted to apply reflection seismic one. We had an idea it wasn't going to work. It was too shallow. There just was no electronic equipment at that time that had a high enough revolution. You see what you have to do is generate an impact and then the energy from that impact goes to depth and has its reflection, then you pick that up on a seismometer and amplify it and record it on a graph and we was reasonably sure that there was no equipment that could resolve fast enough because see those ---?--- around six or seven thousand feet a second and we had no time for that initial impact for your instruments to clear out from that initial burst of energy before your reflector starts going. It was generally around at least, oh 1,800 even at automatically 1,800 feet, 2,000 feet in certain areas. But this stuff here is around anything under a thousand feet. Why at that time you just weren't looking for uranium at anydepth, a thousand feet. In fact two or three, four 22
 RALPH J . NOONANhundred feet was considered to deep back in those days.DE: In what range of depth did you explore Elk Ridge?RN: Yea, well, that was one of the reasons we---?--- . I talked about the, was a geologist, his name is QuintBook. He was learning how to handle the bonds, and he had some claims that were in an area that we thought that we had some interest. So I looked him up and talked to him and I said, "Quint, why did you stake those claims up there?" "Well," he said, "to tell you the truth it's cooler."[Laughter] He was out prospecting down in Red Canyon, he says there's just got to be a better place for prospecting. So he went see. That's about 8,500 feet. And that's kind of funny but a lot of things happened that way. There was an outfit that had some claims, this happened just--there's always a million old stories about the oil fields. There's almost as many good stories about the oil patch down there as there is about baseball and there's more good American humor about baseball than anything on earth. There's the story about the guy who couldn't quite get to his claims because of the mud, so he thought he'd drill a(Giggle)DE:RN: It was cooler up there than it was in Red Canyon.23
 RALPHJ . NOONANhole where he got stuck. (Laughter) Sure enough he hit some ore in that hole that he drilled on his claim. But getting back to your question about the depth. One of the reasons we elected to stay on Elk Ridge was because there was a ---?--- exploration depth about 250 feet from the top of the mossback down to middle section down to the Moenkopi. On theslopes, of course, on the Chinle slopes it would be anywhere from 50,75 to 125 feet on up but the maximum exploration depth was 250 feet. The drilling was-- it's the cheapest drill you'll find because although there are little chert streaks in there that run bit costs up, normally a drilling contractor will give you a lower bid on costs there because of the easy drilling, it's cheaper mining country. The mines across and always will be ah, so much lower because the ground--the ore is generally in large, large sand beds and sand bodies that will remain open without a lot of expensive timbering. You have no great water problems, no underground water and the center of the earth. Up until we came here there was only one mine that produced any ore at all and that was the one out on Deer Flat, that was the old Hideout Mine. But we had, we were capable of at least having some initial idea, concept of minerals basic knowledge about24
 RALPHJ . NOONANminerals and we considered that probably the type of ore bodies we run into would be highly immutable to milling. Low lime at that time, lime was a problem with all the milling processes actively processingsand so the percentage of the high 1ime was big percent, so that was another attraction. Low lime area there was a possibility of being copper associated although in the ore that was up there we found a number of trace elements, quite a number of them including silver, gold, with traces of vanadium but nothing of any commercial value other than uranium and a tarnished copper. Ah, so that was probably not all the reasons but at least the basic reasons why we elected to stay right in that Elk Ridge District and why I feel today it offers good potential. ---?--- and type of ore that a miller would like to have delivered to him. But that, up there was around maximum 250 and at that time, in 1 54 that was considered fairly deep drilling. Up near Uravan country in Colorado those people up there, they begin to back off when you start talking about drilling over 100, 150 feet. In fact a great amount of that ore was found with a 1ittle wagon drill, a little shallow drilling outfit, turndrills they called them little holes out there, 30,40,50,55 feet25
 RALPHJ . NOONANdeep and they found a lot of ore in that country there and it was clean. The big mine over there in Lisbon, those holes were only 130 feet deep but there was 30 feet of oil in each hole. So 250 at that time, but for today you'd drill 2,000 feet deep. ---?--- those shafts, they'd sink them to 3,000 foot shafts. They'd sink them to the ore bodies. They're down 20, ah, on the one shaft they' re down, I think they' re down about 2,400 hundred feet on one and---?--- down 1,800 feet on the other one.DE: Where's this one?RN: That's Rio Alto. That's Rio (Pinto?) Canadian outfit.They've developed an ore body that's about 3,000 feet deep over there in Charlie Steen's company, Lisbon's company. They're building a mill over there.DE: To take care of their own ore especially?RN: Take care of their own ore only. That's the thing that those people like that, the little mine prospector have to face up to. I'm always glad the major oil companies get in and the larger utilitycorporations, Con Edison and all the rest. They come in, they want to find a mineral district, they want a huge amount of ore in it. They want their own mill on that ore body and they want to own the whole thing. And they're not interested in any kind of small, they26
 RALPH J . NOONANdon't like to proliferate their efforts all parcelled that way.DE: Uh huh.RN: And so what that caused to be done is that the onlymill that is available is independent, they aren't dependent on anybody else, to mill their own ore because they couldn't care less if you're unhappy with the treatment you're getting or the practice. I've seen a case of that just over here in Moab. Carbide has always been, Union Carbide has always been a little bit different. They have created a supply of ore by a totally different treatment of small mines, but most of them are up in that Uravan district because it's closer than that mill where they haul. The transportation cost, that's one of our big difficulties is down here in White Canyon. ---?-- - is we have to haul into Moab. It's a 145-50 mile haul and it, it just takes too much out of the price. But Carbide have always engendered the development of whole lot of those small operations. And they go out of their way, do all kinds of things to help the small miners. Let him buy his ---?--- through them and discount and they'll furnish maybe an engineer in there or something like that. All kinds of little things they'11 do to help him out and all. And so27
 RALPHJ . NOONANthey had developed a supply of feed for their mill By a lot of small people, although in conjunction with some of their bigger company operations. But Texas here at Mexican Hat, Atlas, they were, they had ice water and everything and they had their ore and they had their own mill on it. And oh, they're nice people, you know, as nice as a Texas company can be.(Laughter). But that really and truly has been the biggest wet blanket on this area down there.DE: You had some association with Atlas Company at the Happy Jack at one time didn't you?RN: No.DE: No?RN: No. No I didn't have anything to do with the HappyJack. The owners of the Happy Jack, they live right over here in Monticello. They sold it to Texas then. In fact this mill down here was built on the strength of there being enough reserves in the Hideout, Happy Jack, those two mines to run that mill and the AEC engineers concurred that and reserved estimate--I don't know exactly what the story is on the Happy Jack. I understood once they paid about 40 milliondollars for it and they paid---?--- an awful lot of money for the White Canyon Mines Company which was the Hideout, and they put those two--28
 RALPH J . NOONANDE: T exas---?--- bought that company?RN: Texas did. They bought White Canyon Mines Companywhich included some other interests other than the uranium. They had some oil and gasoline there. But T. Hughey--by somehow or another they managed to get I think it's a twelve million pound contract from AEC to build this mill down here. And it was based on their own company engineer estimated the reserves inthe Happy Jack and Hideout. They had to have 100,000 or was it 400,000. I think 100,000 tons of reserve before the AEC would give them a licence and a franchise to build a mill under the AEC ---?--- deal ---?--- But anyhow they compiled with all the requirements and they built a mill down there. And lo and behold, sure enough they found out they, after two or three years, they didn't have enough ore to run it. And so then they went up here in Lisbon and they managed to get AEC to divert ten thousand ton a month from Lisbon down here for awhile but they worked it out and involved themselves in serious explorations after in the Red Canyon, White Canyon district. ---?--- that sort thing ah, so they finally shut the mill down. Atlas bought TV out and that's how Atlas got control of anything in any part White Canyon, Elk Ridge district because they're basically29
 RALPHJ . NOONANset up as only a mill to mill---?--- ore. That is the ---?--- out of the ore was all it was designed for. Now they own the Happy Jack and they own the--- ?--- King Bullseye, and so their acquisition of the Mexican Hat.Uh huh. And now that Mexican Hat is all closed, it all goes to Atlas?Yea, the mills shut down, I don't know, it might have been 1 60 I was shipping down there to them in '60,1 61, so they closed down about '62 I think. They had quite a complex down there and they had an acid plant down there until not too long ago but now they've sold all that to BIA, Bureau of Indian Affairs and they in turn have leased it to a West coast outfit that's going to put up a trailer, some kind of trailer camper factory in there so it's supposed to be quite ah, quite a setup they're going to set down there.DE:RN:SS: What about the radioactivity around there now.RN: Well, there is some.SS: Is there anything, has there been any problems oranything said about it?RN: Well, I don't know what they did there with their oldtailings pond down there; see around the bank of San Juan I'm not qualified to say other than my own30
 RALPHJ . NOONANpersonal opinion but those tailing ponds unless they had an extremely inefficient mill flow of some kind well they couldn't allow it to persist for very long,it would cost too much money, they want everything out of there they can get out of there but those tailings are no more radioactive than a lot of other things I don't believe. I don't---?--- took a lot of little tailings and ---?--- home and the sidewalks and they're in there detecting emanation of some radon gases and I'11 tell you it's hard, it's hard for a person to divorce himself from just a little bit of hysteria when it comes to those sorts of things because Lord only knows we're just beginning to learn today some of the things that we've been assimilating for Lord knows how long without knowing it. Now that we're knowing it we're getting all excited about it and for good reason. ---?--- mills they're ---?--- polluted there's no doubt about it because---?--- I guess any other segment of society- -but I've gone near and I've driven by a mill with an assimilator. This is the one here in Monticello and just checking the assimilator just because I like to do it and sometimes I just stick it out the window and turn it on. I'11 be driving down the road and when you come in the vicinity of these mills why31
 RALPHJ . NOONANyou'11 start picking up radiation. There's no two ways about it, gamma radiation. And I'm sure probably there's some radon too. But how they dispose of their tailings pond down there I've never been back down with the intent to look to find out. The ones the government has here in Monticello I think they justscattered it, they drained it and just scatteredthing. I think it's still over there.DE: You mean you can pick up radiation as you go by thisAEC mill or this dissembled mill in Monticello?RN: You could. I haven't tried in years I don't know for sure now, I'm sure you could ---?--- I'm sure you could, because, well, assimilators you know they're extremely sensitive, you wouldn't with a geigercounter I don't think. But just the fine dust and silt and things that's accumulated around those mills, why, I'm sure the assimilator would do it. I would hope they would because if you're going to use one to try to find ore, but, these, that that---?--- all done now. And the only market we've got is Atlas in Moab and Union Carbide in Uravan, Colorado and you can't tell them because of the freight cost and additional freight cost, you can't sell to Atlas due to their present prices. There's another old mill down in Shiprock that was shut down. It was built by32
 RALPH J . NOONANKerr McGee and it's a very efficient little mill and VCA, Vanadium Corporation of America, they had operated for years and they were there for many many years brought ore out of this country.SS: You know anything about the VCA pilot mill that was down in White Canyon at one time?RN: Well, all I know about this is it was built, just body ore of the Happy Jack and then they wanted another hole down there. But it would--all I know about it is that it was unsuccessful because of theinaccessibility of that area and there's just no way to get around. When we came here, Blanding, oh, the description of the town in 1954--but there was no post office, there was no bank building around here, I think it belongs to the city now they have a---?-- - post office. It takes you anywhere from one to three days to get out of here with a telephone call, no communication facilities whatsoever. I finally rigged up radio communication deal between me and Durango, one of our fancy deals and I can get into Western Union up there and I can get him to---?--- but you couldn't get past, you could get to Monticello but you couldn't get past Moab and there was no drug store, there were two and possibly three filling stations. Two is all I remember. There was33
 RALPHJ . NOONANonly one, two, ah mercantile or drug stores around in that area. Those closed there at nine o'clock at night, if you got into, off the mountains at ten o'clock why you ate saltines or sardines or you went to bed hungry. And no paved street. In fact the only pavement in the area was between here and Monticello. But this town it's between sixteen years but it'sjust quite remarkable the change that's taken place here.ss: How were you received, as outsiders coming into an area by the people who have--?RN: Well, we were received, the only way I can describe that is, like I told you I worked all over North America and in certain areas in the United States where people--where you really enjoy working because of other people and one place was in northern Montana and I don't know I kind of developed a little personal theory that wherever you're out in ranch country wherever you're out in, people who make their living---?--- or timbering or whatever there's just a different underlying atmosphere among all thepeople. But we were just thoroughly happy and pleased with the way people here were accepting. Everybody was coming in and we were in a way unhappy about the way some of them were being taken advantage of but by34
 RALPHJ . NOONANvarious elements that were coming in and we knew there was no question they was just plain giffo's youknow, and not an ounce of sincerity in any degree. But it was almost unique the attitude of the people in the area. They, of course, I think it's a natural trait among the people because well their faith, the way their establishment and the state and the way they were. They're naturally these kind of people, exceptionally fine and wonderful and beautiful people. But at the same time it was a desolate, destitute area and this great activity was giving people friends not only that they'd never had, but they didn't know existed some of them.DE: That brings me to a point where you said outsiders coming in and taking advantage of the sincerity of the people. Can you tell us if you dealt with the Shumway family of Seth and his boys? Didn't they establish the mines that were taken because of contacts? Was there a---?---?RN: Yea, well I'11 tell you I, there's not many, very many people that do but there'll be some people who'll take you just from pure, I think a tingle of maybe a little jealousy or something. The Shumway boys has been real successful in this business and I have nothing in the world but admiration for those35
 RALPHJ . NOONANpeople because up until the time that uranium came in and they didn't just happen to well, they pretty much happened to because I recall some of the impressions of some of their reasoning about why they did some of the things they did. Why they located claims andreally it was just, you just as well roll the dice in Vegas, the reasons they used, nevertheless they came out right. But for instance Merlin told me one time he said well we used to prospect the mossback. Well, that's a sandstone section that's 200 feet above the ore zone there's a little bit of count in there once in awhile you find a little mineral, 'course they didn't do that at that time but at the same time since then it's been proven that they could have prospected that from now until the end of the world and never found anything you know. But anyhow those were their leads and those kind of things the leads they were following were really and truly misleading and they just didn't have the background really to understand. They were really applying some really prospector's horse sense to what they was doing and made every penny count because they didn't have anything and they did have a lease and some equipment out on the Hideout and then you're in that position economically you just have to do things whether you36
 RALPHJ . NOONANwant to or not. In other words, if there's five hundred dollars laying here in an ore deposit---?---somewhere and you got kids at home that are hungry and whatnot you don't necessarily lend too much consideration as to whether that is gonna be the Colorado School of Mines concept the way you ought to run that underground workings. You're gonna go in there and you're gonna get that out of there, you're gonna sell it and they get the money. Well, I think that that was the case out there and in other words they weren't really experienced or trained in mine operating and so along with that at the same time all the impetus, the momentum of this thing was building up and ---?--- the Hideout was one of the few indications of any merit of all of those leases at that time. And so there he was with a mine thatlooked like it had a whole lot of promise and he had some other leases in there and although he might have been ---?--- something like that, some big wheeling dealing guy from San Francisco or Chicago came in with a lot of big noise about a lot of money, why he's prone to pushing the little guys out, you know and dealing with somebody else and I think that'swhat happened out there. A combination of things, Merlin and Burdett but they were hardworking boys and37
 RALPHJ . NOONANthey deserved every cent they made, they really do, and they were lucky that they did. It had to be accidental because all the ore bodies and everything that were turned up on those properties were completely disassociated from any of the reasons they originally located the claim. So they were yeah, they were in the Hideout once and I think somethingterminated their--they had to--this was another aspect of this business that we couldn't get used to and still can't. Most all the oil field business you have standard procedures especially on leasing. You have a standard form you go down to the drugstore and buy one, form 88 or 88 H. There, there are paragraphs in there where you can insert special conditions and so forth but it's all pretty much all standard operating procedures and I'll tell you I don't know how many 1ittle mines, big mines there are on the Colorado Plateau but I daresay that there aren't any two leases on any two of them that are exactly alike. They're all different. There's a reason for some of that, due to location. There's different places, there's different ground, there's different ore,different owners with different ideas. But that was something disgusted us a little bit because you get into this business of horse trading and well38
 RALPHJ . NOONANespecially if you' re a company, if you' re an individual you don't mind doing that, but a company doesn't 1ike to do that. They 1ike to know where their leaps and bounds are and what the perimeters are before they go in.Uh huh.But getting back to what you said about Shumways and the Hideout. They were in there, they worked in there and they worked, ah, it was a year before we came here it must have been about '52 that they were in there. This whole thing started in 1948 with the Atomic Energy Act, the Congress passed in 1948. But they had an act in mind and I guess it goes all the way back to the one of the only and oldest continuous prospectors in this country, down here.Uh huh. I was over taking to him last night.Yes, he's a great old man, yep.I was under the impression that they did stake Hideout and then had a lease in there with--DE: RN:SS: RN: SS:39
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1RN: Well, that's what you run into and then this wasanother part of it along with the irregularity in the operating procedures under leases and so forth there's also this mix-up on the old 1872 mining log which is the fault of the state of Utah in my view. It is not the federal law because the federal government leaves plenty of latitude in there for every state has it's own individual mining log. Arizona, of course, they had in the earlier days they put certain provisions in those state laws that really didn't make any sense. Like Arizona you gotta dig a pit every few years and so forth. Well all that does especially in recent times is to cause dissention because people just go out and dig holes around every year for assessment. But the states, and I was talking to Bennion Redd, the county attorney about this and he agreed. Well, he's attorney and he's a member of the Utah Bar Association and these are a bunch of lawyers. These are the people who really and truly set the tone about this thing. But they all just sit back and either there's enough of them that like it the way it is, which invites litigation or they just can't get up off their fannies and get enough energy to get something going. But this overlack of interest in claims, oh you know,40
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1it's on any western movie that's ever been made, it's all unavoidable. But I think it's just the oblivion, it's within the authority of the state government to regulate those things and so and still there's claims three deep someplaces up there on that mountain. There's another thing that went on. There were claims ---?--- over here Orville Warren over here says he built that additional, she did that additional court house I think was 160,000 dollars."What's the matter?" "Well," he said, "I was over at the court house and there was a guy in there that was a little bit, he was really a little bit concerned and sincere about staking his claims and so he asked her to read it his claims location. So to see whether it was okay for her to record it and she said 'I'll record anything. I'11 even record beer labels over here for a dollar a piece.'" [Laughter] So all these locations, this is wild locating with uncontrolled definitions about the way the claims work and so forth. That's why we put a surveyor up there for you, you know, and it, it's valid burden. It was put upon the prospector and there was one shortcoming of the Shumways I just might---?--- but it's called---?------?---DE:RN: Yea, a guy came in to see one day, laughed, I said,41
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1whatever happens in a mine district if it's done long enough it's accepted as permissible. Well, if you go out there and stake a claim and you got an idea there's something there but you're just not really dead sure where it is, well I might say "This is, the extent of my mine is, oh maybe approximately two miles from Corral down here," or the ---?--- or something well that gives me room enough I can push that thing anywhere within a mile I put up that rock. Well to bring in a survey party, a qualified survey party, a surveyor with an instrument and crews to really and truly locate it why that's out of the question. I mean to the average prospector it would cost him 100 dollars a day or more to do that. And soit's always been acceptable in the court as long as there appears to be a reasonable effort to. But it should be more closely done than that, and the Shumway's did have the claim, it was questionable about where they ever were to begin with but ah, I accepted it because it was an accepted practice. And not only here, it has been everywhere over the whole, it was ---?--- and as far as I'm concerned by the state. Now the state government they, forgone doing anything about it, so now the federal governmentdon't want to.42
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1DE: Could you go into your, the history of your ownpersonal mining ventures after you left the company? RN: Yea, well they're scattered when everything began to die down around here, my hopes as far as the, as much as for the intrinsic value of uranium was concerned as well as my own personal benefits I thought, I still think that the energy available in uranium compared now, with a little analogy. Back about the turn of the century about 1900 the only thing thatpeople knew to do with crude oil was either to make coal oil for lanterns or---?--- and I think it's-- we're about in that embryo stage in uranium. But anyhow all this thing began to fall apart and die down about '58, '59 everybody bailed out. So I thought well, you wanna live here and just like it there, and so forth, this would really be the time to accumulate an interest, and so I did. I went around and I selected quite a number of properties that we had done work on, that others had done work on and we began to accumulate a package of property.DE: Was the price, the selling price or the buying price as far as you were concerned, within reason or--RN: It was at that time that was in '59 and it was---?--- price they paid a hauling allowance and also there was still a bonus on it. That is 35,000 dollars on43
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1the first ten thousand miles. Well my first effort was on a place called the Lone D way out in White Canyon. It's the most isolated place you could ever imagine. Well I was born and raised on the Rio Grande and I really always had a kind affinity or a rapport with the Mexican people. I always liked them and I still love the Mexican people. Chicanos, to me, not Spanish people necessarily. So I came over here. I had the same feeling towards Navajo people so when I went to work out there I decided I didn't want to be around, try anymore to have anything to do with those big, big operations of any kind even if I had was an awful, a great amount of ore. All I wanted to do was to have an active operation so I found half a dozen Navajo boys and I went out there and I mined out there in the winter of '58. And I'd leave town---?- -- we'd work ten days and off work ten days and offfive and on ten, off four, and we'd go out there and I'd cook for them and they always like to take their families along. But I didn't let them take them out there because they didn't have enough camping facilities for them and there was no water and it was pretty horrible place and so I figured if they were gonna work, wanted to work why I'd cook for them. So I set up a mess hall trailer there and cooked for44
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1them. And we mined out there that whole winter and shipped ore to Mexican Hat, paid nine dollars a ton to haul it out there. It really is one of them most, one of the hard places to get into in all that country out there.And our company took them on exploration after they learned a little bit about them so when we left I took a lease from the company. But anyway, as long as the bonus was on why I was able to pay that extra high haul cost and all the extra expenses being out in an isolated area. When the bonus went off I moved over onto Elk Creek to a mine called the Robin Mine, that had been next to the adjoining property that we had worked on and developed and had been found by a local prospector, a man named, he was from California but he was prospecting and I can't remember that fellow's name. But anyhow he didn't have any money or anything. He had found outcrops so he came to this town and formed a partnership with a man named Guy Palmer and they went out there with a horse and cart. I don't believe you've ever seen them operated on,get a one ton buggy, rubber tires, one ton dump and- --?--- shaft and a harness, a buggy harness for the---?---DE:RN: These claims were staked originally by Seth Shumway.45
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1horse and ---?--- and you don't need any kind of reins or any way of controlling the horse or the mule. Will learn right quick he'll know just, he'll go back into all kinds of---?--- back in there andsomehow or other they'll go right where you want to go and turn around back up and hand up the ore, shovel it into the cart, the horse hauls it back out the front of the mine. Anyhow they found the mine, it was pretty high grade little mine so a company came along, the name of the company was, they're a subsidiary of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Minneapolis mines ---?--- they bought that mine I think they paid, I think they paid a little over 100,000, about 150,000 for it. They hired a mining engineer out of Chicago and he came out and he tried to apply big mining practices to a smal1 mine, didn't work. So that operation shut down and that ---?--- so I, I mined there and it was still during the bonus. That was in 1960 and '61 and I shipped some pretty nice ore out of there. I stayed up there, I stayed upthere all winter, two winters I had a dozer and a man in town hauling ore for me, Lyman, I forget his first name right now. But anyhow I plowed snow all winter long and there's one period there I plowed the road seven times and he got one load out, about the time46
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1that I'd finished plowing there's about twelve miles a road. That's the night I got the road plow out whenit come on a big storm and anyhow I worked awhile and then I worked two or three little mines. I worked here in Cottonwood. I worked the Sally Joe mine which was the property I located and developed some ore on and Hootville Hoot mine I own all that now. And then I went up and did a little work on the Knot country up to the Diane Mine then I bought an old mine that's filled with uranium. There's only one withdraw, one area that's still withdrawn that the Atomic Energy Commission still has withdrawn in Utah and they're planning on releasing that--not releasing it. It's government federal reserve, there's four and a half sections up there at Birch Canyon, they call it Birch Canyon and the AEC would withdraw this ground from location if they thought it held geologically explorable or minable or possibilities for substantial reserve for the federal government. Well, they would withdraw that, now if you had mining claims located there on that ground prior to the date of that withdraw your mining claim, your title would survive the withdraw, your title remains taxed.DE:RN: Yes.But you couldn't produce?47
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1DE: You couldn't produce?RN: You bet, in fact the Emery claims up on Notch, theywere in a withdraw, yeah. They were, they just,... The withdraw had no effect on your rights at all or your title rights or your mining rights, as long as it was located prior to withdraw. Well, the AEC had just hundreds of thousands of those areas withdrawn all over the plateau. Then if they did find ore they would lease those out under government lease, in fact, some of the best producing mines in Utah and Colorado are on AEC leases, they still are. There's some people who would love to have them today but they terminated all those leases when the ---?--- supply and oversupply why they terminated all that. In any case on Elk Ridge is the only remaining withdraw in Utah, Atomic Energy Withdraw, and there was five claims in there that had been located by a couple of local people and Salt Lake Stock Company came down here and got ahold of them and they put those claims into the company and the AEC went up there and drilled some holes and found some ore on these claims. So then this company stole the claims, well they started to mine, open mine, called it Open Mine, they started mining some of the ore and it was good ore, thick ore, it looked like a real good big48
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1mine, they sold the property to Federal Uranium, that's one of the largest operators today out of Salt Lake City and Federal went down in there and they mined. It was just an average but pretty nice ore body that was in there I guess it was around 35,000 tons of ore. And so Federal then pulled out ofsoutheast Utah and they all their interests moved up into Wyoming. They're doing well with their interests up there. But the thing was laying down here and so I asked them for a lease on it and they didn't want to lease it so I asked them if they would sell it so they said they would so I bought it off of them and I went in and I mined the ore out of the property.ss: Now when did you buy this?RN: I think this was about 1960 or '61. But I bouncedaround different places, last year the last time I worked was last year, my last effort out there was amine called the Rebel mine and that's a state-- section 16. It's right next to the old Shumway Canyon Mine, it's just east of it, it's on the same channel or the same old Shinarump Channel and it was mined by a young man who had gotten out of the service. He was a Pennsylvanian; he came to this country prospecting and he managed to get a hold of that property andmine it and did right well at it for quite a while. 49
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1Then he went off down the reservation to Dixon Mesa and operated another mine down there, just for a break, a change of scenery, but it was an isolated mesa that was just absolutely vertical all the wayaround, just on tiny little old dugaway road to get up there. And he ran a short car. He had a bin on the side of this, straight down the scrub and he must have had some wet muck in the short car or something, anyhow, when he dumped the car why the whole car flew up in the air and he was in the seat of it, it just threw him out. I don't know--he fell several hundred feet there and it killed him, his name was Robert Schriber, an awful fine fellow. Well his estate then controlled that lease and so I worked it out with his estate and took a lease on it and mined it only about two years, small, small operation, small mine with some Navajo boys I know. I never have, myself personally I never have operated anything real big, that is put out big tonnages of ore but I have about five thousand acres all together, that's 250 claims I'm keeping up.DE: You have to do assessment work every year on em?RN: Yup, yeah.DE: How about the roads leading back into your claims,are they kept up by you or--? 50
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1RN: Well anything's done unless they happen to be in anarea where someone else has a kind of an interest like, gee, there was a big logging operation going on right in this area where all of my stuff is, there was a big timbering operation going on up there for about three years. They did a couple of things that helped the country, they built a couple of real nice well constructed new access roads into some of those back areas where there was no access before. But at the same time they knocked down every monument and covered up all of our drill holes and most of my claim mines out there need transit and keep notices up and put up post boards, paint the corners and put up all that stuff, try to keep it up best they can. And those boys went in there and just swept the country clean, everything was gone. But my attorney over here in Monticello advised me that claim is not prejudiced by where your structures are, mines and things like that you have, the reasonable thing is to go back after they're through, put them back up again but just because they aren't there due to that operation which is actually a government sponsored operation why somebody can't go up there and say just because, wel1 I didn't see the mine, I'm going to stake a claim here. But all that has to be done but51
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1 [tape interrupted]DE: Now you were going to tell us what had to be done.RN: Yeah well, normally people who had mining claims would stake. If they had specific requirements well then of course you had to go out and do that, you gotta dig a pit thirty feet deep and Colorado has different, each state has its own state requirements for maintaining and they actually spell out and indicate what these, what the assessment requirements in the state were law. Nevertheless it all has to--it all came under a federal code in there since 1872.Most of the decisions were made but essentially it's always been considered that the work you do has to be toward the development of ore. Well the only way you can do that is to dig into the ground, either drilling holes or dig. Well, in modern times there are other ways to find minerals other than digging holes, actually drilling holes, digging trenches and there's really been high productive ore sampling, mercury sampling, base metals and of course the radon we were talking about. All kinds of techniques---?-- - that are just space age stuff; well actually you can ---?--- but what I'm getting around to on this assessment business, the court has accepted the use of competent evaluations by geologists or an engineer52
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1and they'd file a report or you go out and if you prove, if there's any background or any reason to believe that you have competency in any form, if you have had a business of any kind, why they accept that. And so there's been a tendency that way rather than just going out here and digging holes in theground and cut and pick because it has been the least productive to develop those minerals anyhow. So assessment work can be done and is being done and I do a great deal of mine. For instance if you got old drill holes there's always new information and new approaches and new considerations on old data. And although this hasn't been tested in the courts I have used that action in some cases in a file and affidavit that says I've done it. That is re- evaluating old drilling, some of those holes or taking a little cuttings ---?--- and restudying those, although that could be just a little bit it could be questionable in some areas especially where somebody---?--- all that money why that title been maintained by those practices and all. But in any case your statement about having to do all the assessment work on it, if you have a lot of mining claims that's a big problem if you haven't got any, if you're not producing any ore off of them or no53
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1income on them to maintain those titles. And it's always been based on the cost, you're required by the law to do at least one hundred dollars worth of work.Well that word work is the kicker in that. I might not be able to go out here with some sort of geophysical survey that may not, that could possibly conceivably cost me say ten or fifteen dollars a claim, cost on it. The actual cost out of pocket cost but the work could be much more than one hundred dollars as far as finding ore is concerned. These are all new things that are coming up on this new general land review that's taking place and it has already been submitted to congress for consideration for new legislation and just as I said before in relation to the business of pollution, contamination, it's always the tendency it turns out for people to become just a shade hysterical about so many things and the for some reason a lot of people in the country ---?--- they think that the people who live out here, who work out here and who are really enjoying a lot of this country out here have less feeling and less consideration and have less desire to maintain all the environment and all the beautiful things around here as anybody else. Now really and truly it's entirely possible in my mind that we appreciate and54
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1would like more to see things remain unblighted. I see all kinds of money coming in, federal engineering money coming in building highways and roads that to me are unattractive and they're distracting andthey're destructive. They are not in sympathy with the natural environment that's already there. And so it's not all one way. The people who live out here don't want to go out and do that assessment work. In fact I had one person I directed a letter to; he wrote me a question and said have you ever been out there with a bulldozer and pushed the trees down and doing this assessment work. And I said, well I'11 tell you this. I said, there's no question I said whenever you get in into the kind of work it takes in this country there's an awful lot of hard dirty work that has to be done by somebody to build that automobile of yours, air conditioning, the food you eat, the clothes you wear, everything that's produced in this country somebody somewhere has to do a lot of hard dirty work and you just can't get out here and strike minerals out of this old earth without using some energy and force to do it. All right now there's times when I have to move dirt or I have to move rocks or I have to remove a tree or a plant or some plant growth but I tell you this I've always done it55
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1in a way that I can best do it so I can do the least amount of damage. So this is one of the big things that come up that people see--the tourists and people come through the country and they see the scene that's ---?--- it's true that in many cases these people who are doing the operating they're greedy they don't have any respect or any desire to preserve anything. They just want to scalp out what they can and run with it. But when people see these things going on then they condemn the whole industry.Uh-huh.DE:RN: And so really and truly there is a need for areconsideration and reevaluation of all these processes and the requirements on assessment work, on locating claims that's just my own personal opinion of course but it seems pretty obvious to me that there's a lack of understanding of what has to be done. It's a minimum of what you have to do. The courts recognize it to a great degree but back in those days when the boom was on, wel1 I understand right now back in Kentucky, West Virginia see the whole country's short of energy and coal right now, and not only don't we have the generators back east that produce, generate the electrical energy they need, they don't have the coal to run those things56
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1and so coal and along with that come all these new big pressure by the federal government to regulate the mine industry, especially coal mines. It happened right here in Utah but mainly back in those big coal districts and they put these regulations on there to they arise from idealistic thrusts and drives and considerations and what they've done they've shut down the underground mines and now everybody's jumpedout and they say that the strip mining is, they can't even keep track of that---?--- jumped to about seven and a half tons. Well these are the kind of things that if you come little bit--if you don't go about them in on a reasonable basis you'll upset, come up with contradictions you'll come up with a worse situation you had to begin with.ss: Well, that takes us into where you said you were now having to do some of you monuments and your resurveying of the roads that had taken them out. Is this part of your assessment work?RN: No, no, you won't get credit for it, you establish a claim corner, that's just an obligation that's required of you to maintain those things. No, whatever you do it must be at least in some sense towards the development or the finding and locationand production of minerals there has been some cases 57
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1I think where just building a camphouse if it were gonna be used on miners and somebody working on the claims why the cost of that could be charged against assessment work. But if you just wanna go up and build a cabin up on the claims up there just go to the summer to visit you can't write that off as assessment work and right now basically in fact what I'm--the main bulk of the work I do will be either underground work, go in the mines and do long pole work, I call it long pole it all kind of---?--- to long pole. I do it on a small scale with jack hammers and long poles stuck to the ceiling. Then you back out and probe them and cut them but that kind of underground work ---?--- and that's acceptable in this business especially because this stuff is so unpredictable it can change in ten feet you can have a drill hole here with six feet of ore and that hole over there, why there's no uranium anywhere near it, that's the kind of thing that keeps you awake at night. But the assessment work in this country is mainly by drilling or rib stripping. Now we done that, in fact we didn't exactly start it but we was the first people who really did it on any kind ofbasis that would with real intent but our ideas was to, up on top of Elk Ridge, concerned with building a58
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1regional map, a structural map of the Moenkopi formation the ---?--- Shinarump Moenkopi and so we had a survey party---?--- why anywhere anybody would drill a hole why we'd ask them whether they'd let usrun a hole in. We didn't want to know whether they had any ore or anything but we would like to know at what depth they hit the Moenkopi.Uh-huh.SS:RN: So we picked all those data points up and then towork across itself we thought there was going to be a real outcrop of paleocene channel so we'd take a--- ?--- over and we'd strip that rim ---?--- what I'm talking about, but you tip that rim and we'd---?--- on Moenkopi contact we'd expose the Shinarump Moenkopi contact ---?--- on every 100 feet by the time you'd you crossed an entry of the channel sometime---?--- channel---?--- Payday that's one of the best mines the Shumways had. It had ore in it right on the rim. The dozer had to shove I guess 50 ton of good ore over the rim just in order to get by on a vertical rim there and we're stripping rim out but we would take those ---?--- and drill holes at any holes we drilled behind it and contour, make a contour map on the Moenkopi talking about a two foot interval. So most of the work that's done even today59
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1on it is gradually--right now it's probably going on in town King Resource has got---?--- operator out of Denver and it's might big, he's setting up a big millennium deal up there now but anyhow they acquired all this country out here and ---?--- this is from the top of the Dakota down through ---?--- this is Salt Wash which is vanadium, uranium country. It over folds on half of a mile--well all that information is somehow being data processed and fed through computers and that's supposed to derive some sort of information out of that that will lead them into mineralized districts and into ore bodies. And there's a lot of people curious and interested as to how this will come out because of all the unpredictable capricious darn enterprises that exist. These---?--- Salt Wash is the worst. They's just no predictin', what's gonna happen ten feet ahead of you, never mind a half a mile.SS: Well, I guess it was inevitable that a computer would get into the process.RN: Yeah.DE: You did say you're not mining at all right now.RN: Nope, I'm well I guess I'll just wait and see whathappens.DE: Well, you are in on the stretch out program.60
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1RN: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I can't change---?--- exerciseand down out of the West Canyon, Red Canyon country there's two mines, there's only one mine down there really ---?-- county commission you probably talked to him---?--- got a really good mine down there but even at that a great deal of what should be his profits is being paid into ---?--- and in fact I don't really think he would even be operating that property. I don't know, he's got it under lease arrangement that causes him to have to do it, I don't know but anyhow unless you have to because of your property arrangement is under a lease or something like that why it just doesn't make sense because the average grade of ore down there, there's been some real high grade, there'd have to be I suppose---?--- high grade ore here---?--- down there and they did real well down there. They found I guess some really high grade ore but the only real grade or you can depend on you' re gonna have tomorrow, they' re only about 25 hundredths is about 18 dollar ore it costs you six dollars to haul it out of there, it leaves you twelve dollars by the time you get your mining costs out of there---?--- and so I'm not operating anything, I'm just waiting to see what will happen.DE: The cost of operating far exceeds the what you get in 61
 RALPHRN:DE:RN: DE: RN: DE: RN:J . NOONAN #1return.The only---?--- ever come---?--- small miner--I was a big miner but I believe I put my finger on it last year, this being able to use ammonium nitrate for explosives instead of dynamite, big powder. That's the one and then---?--- but drill bits and explosion costs but everything else has just gone sky high.If you were to go in now would you do it as a single operation or would you hire Navajo boys?Yeah, yeah I would.You've always had good luck with these Navajos?Sure have.But do they bring their families in always?Yep. Well, they do, I want them to, I like them to'cause well I'll tell ya things are changing---?--- Navajos people, maybe they're gonna change but they haven't changed yet and there's an awful lot of them around here that are still--they have qualities that I admire and I like, I enjoy, and that is just being out and I'll tell you it's quite often, now this isn't always the case but quite often if you hirewhite miners ---?--- it doesn't make any difference what age they are. When you hire them you marry yourself to all their problems, their pain, all of their legal problems, everything about them; they'll62
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #1bring them right in the office with them and they're really only out there for a paycheck and that's ALL they're out there for. And which is I guess all right but if I got my druthers between the two, the Navajo people for one thing they're they like to live out,they like to live out on the mountains or out in the country, they enjoy that. I'll tell you a funny thing; I've always tried to go out of my way. I take swings and I set up things for the kids. I always take---?--- furnish them with hot water, heaters or propane or whatever it is. I fix up their cabins--- ?--- but it's always comfortable. But I have, I've had a wood stove in the cabin just as a temporary set up; then I decided well they want propane, propane stoves and heaters and everything and I'll go to all kinds of expense and trouble to install all that stuff and next thing I know they're stealing the stove. Well, I don't know whether you should see that or not but that's really and truly just a little chip of the iceberg; not all of them and there's still an awful people and they're conscientious, they're dependable and you just treat these people right they're as loyal as they can be and they like thework.Then your turnover is small.DE:63
 RALPH RN: DE: RN:J . NOONAN #1Yeah, yeah, oh yeah, yeah.How about the drinking problem?Well, that's, there's only one condition. I have one condition I have and they all know it; known it for the last fifteen years. Whenever a man goes to workfor me I don't care what he does down Bluff or anywhere else, that's his business, except that I don't bail them out of jail. But he never can come to my house or my place or anywhere on the job---?--- any degree whatsoever that's the end of it right there. But that's one social problem that I just don't know anything about then I---?--- but I don't, I don't try to tell those people how to conduct their lives in any way whatsoever when they're not on thejob.Well it doesn't keep them away from the job then?It only--in one or two cases I guess. I guess I've had at least eighteen, twenty over the years---?--- and anytime I want them they'11 go to work for me. But maybe once or twice, not over once or twice did I ever get involved with any kind of a problem with working.Then you've never had any trouble with them having drugs?DE: RN:DE:RN: Oh no, never anything, not to my knowledge. 64
 J . NOONAN #1Uh-huh.No.Nothing to interfere with their working ability?RALPHDE:RN:DE:RN: No, there's a few things you got to understand, ifthey're out there in their car and there's five, ten gallons of gasoline in the compressor over there why they might take five gallons of gasoline out of there. I don't want to get involved in all that but I think there's a very understandable reason for a lot of those things. They aren't thieves but I do believe if you got something that you don't need and they need it, in other words they don't steal--now they wouldn't steal five gallons of gasoline---?--- but if they need five gallons of gasoline to put in their car in order to get to town, well, they think that's- -I believe they thought that if that five gallons of gasoline was gonna hurt you in some way, they'd come back and tell you about it and pay for it. But if they think you don't need it and you got plenty of gasoline around and they just need five gallons of gasoline to go to town they take five gallons of gasoline. It's not a conscientious thing with them; that's why they don't, it doesn't bother their conscience. Some people have difficulty seeing that thing. I found that out about a lot of people who65
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1live along the Rio Grande, Mexican-American people who live along the Rio Grande. But they're, they have some qualities that I admire and I don't find in my archetype. I don't know, I've run into problems I couldn't understand really. This happened out here in Westwater and it was several years ago, anyway I was ---?--- and this man, there was a rape case and this man who was about thirty, thirty-five years old---?-But this old woman had filed a complaint so the deputy sheriff couldn't do anything but arrest him and jail him so they indited him and had him up for trial. Anyhow interesting, not the interesting part but the part that I couldn't come up with, in the jury room there was almost a virtual immediate consensus that this man was guilty and I think he was guilty of the act all right, but, but this man was there was just no question at all but he was only going to be considered in the eyes of our English legal system and I questioned that. I didn't openly resist to it really because he went to the pen for five years but no normally I just thought there should be some other consideration of their conceptof how they consider these things, rather than just verbatim by Judea-Christian American-English legal system. Now they've been forced, we put them into our66
 RALPH J . NOONAN #1system and make them conform to exactly what we think they ought to be is the question that I--that conflict possibly was some local concept.SS: Were both parties of the suit Navajos?RN: Oh yeah, oh yeah they had a home out there and he wasdoing one of their, I just don't know what questions to ask him when but I almost assume there might be some sort of a religious ceremonial prayers going on there.DE: Uh-huh.RN: And I just, to me in a way it's a reflection and anecho of so many other things that are going on. We try to make everybody else conform to our own system. Now this little thing you're talking about here now I have got a reason to I think, a reason to believe that I have full trust and understanding between the Navajo people I work with and they've done so many things for me and I've given them complete freedom, complete trust and they responded and there is quality and there's some things of their outlook of this world and this life that they have a great amount of merit in my books and I have the deepestrespect and understanding I think---?--- DE: Uh-huh.RN: And I don't--[END OF TAPE ill] 67
 THE FOLLOWING IS TAPE TWO OF ANNOONAN, BY DOROTHY ERICK AND SUZANNE SIMON, ON AUGUST 7 , 1970 .RN: Routine, now all of this business here doesn't have much to do with mining uranium, but I'll tell you-- but it did to me, because as I was telling you, the money in uranium, the money is one thing, but just going out after it in that country and with those people is at least part of the reason why, why I'm still there.DE: It's all part of the uranium.RN: Now these guys, this is interesting, this is whatthese guys will do. They'll go in the mine; he'll go back in the mine; I'll be gone. I go off and leave them, and so many people think you have to be right there with them and you have to tell them what to do and you have to make them. Well, as soon as they determine what you want to do, you'11 be surprised how much they know that you don't know how to do. You can go off and leave them and depend on them. The only lacking they had is really in an area they have no reason to be knowledgeable about, and that is about machinery. For instance if you've got not a complicated machine but a modern machine out there that's running, they may not understand just exactlyINTERVIEW WITH RALPH J .
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #2why you've got to do certain little regulatory things on that machine or start a certain way or do certainthings to it all the time. They might think you put transmission oil in the engine the same as putting motor oil, like that. But once they understand what you want them to do you can depend on it to be done. Then you go in and you go in, and say you've got ore, you've shot ore in a mine or you shot waste, say you shot waste, well very often, you're split shooting, say you're shooting--think ore, and you shoot the waste off first and then shoot the ore up, or you shoot the ore up first and then shoot the waste off. Well, there's always a good mixture there--you can't break rock clean like that. So when you shoot the waste down very often there will be ore left in the waste. ---?--- pile of ore, they know it's ore, they see it, and so rather than haul it out and throw it away there it is. There isn't one guy in a hundred that's interested in doing anything like this. He's looking for four o'clock and that's all, but they like to mine. I guess it's just a disappearing generation of them that do, but they like to be out in the country, they like to come to town, and they like to have their paycheck and so forth. But they 1ike to be out, they 1ike to work. They're good69
 RALPH J . NOONAN #2workers. They're industrious, they're intelligent, and that's why I've always used them.DE: They did take their families with them and you spent, maybe you spent a whole winter out there [in the] mining camps. Did you take your family out there with you out there?RN: No, no I didn't, ma'am. I'd stay out, we worked ten on four off, because if you just work five or six days a week, why, it's so far to go any more in this country, why, and besides that Saturdays and Sundays the stores close and so forth, so I'd work ten and then get the first four days off. They had time to take a trip somewhere or had stores available. But I'd stay out and mine. This one winter we stayed out, I stayed out there all the time, but every other place that they worked I arranged for them to have housing and facilities, and they'd take their families with them and I'd stay out. I always had a place to stay out there, I'd stay--there's always something after, you've got to go get something, pick something--but they, as much as I could I'd stay out there.DE: Did your family object to this?RN: No.DE: It was a way of life then you could work out.70
 RALPH J . NOONAN #2RN: Oh yeah. Well that country,drive up there in an hourI don't believe you can and a half. [laughing]About thirty-five, forty miles.DE: It's just a little slow, slow getting out there. Imean, yeah, over the roads.RN: Well, there's--I wish I had taken some notes backduring the boom, remember a lot of the things that happened. Some of them are kind of funny, but I can't remember any of them now. There were some amazing, funny things that happened. Especially with people, I'll tell you that, one of the bad things that happened with this whole business was during the boom, a lot of little two-bit stock promoters got mixed up in it and, and that's all there was, was crooked stock promotion operations. Most operations and the whole business got a bad name due to that, but one reason I remember them--I'm not saying these people were fly-by-night, they were---?---. I didn't know that much about them. Anyhow they were opened downtown, and at that time we were doing, we were one of the, I guess one of the bigger operations going on around here. Anyhow a guy came, walked in and he said, "Hey, do you know where---?--- Wash is?" And I said, "Yes, I know where it is." And he said, "Do you know where so-and-so claims are?" And I said, "Well,71
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #2I wouldn't know where those claims are." Well, he said, "I'11 tell you," he said, "we formed a stock company and we sold our stock and got all the money in the bank and," and he said, "we bought a bunch of claims from a guy down here to start the company on, capitalize the company on. Now we've got all our money and everything," he says, "but I want to find the claims. And---?--- two men working, I've got to find one in a hurry," he says, "because I've got a bulldozer and a maintainer and about 50,000 dollarsworth of mining machinery." And he had the whole thing on the way behind him, coming from Salt Lake, you see. He says, "I've got to find out where to look before they get here." I say, "I'11 tell you how to get to ---?--- Wash." So I told him. About a week later I saw him at a cafe, and he came over and he was all smiles. And I say, "How's your operation going?" He says, "Oh fine. I found those claims." I said, "You did? Did you get all set up?" He says "Yes, we got all our houses and everything up." I said, "Did you build houses?" In other words, here was this guy, all he had was location notices that hebought from somebody and he had actually--that's how wild it all was, including the SEC, how they got by SEC I don't know, but they did. Anyhow, I say, "You72
 J . NOONAN #2built houses out there?" And he says, "Yeah, built them sixteen by sixteen." He says, "That's how longit was on the truck." He says, "We forgot to get a saw." [laughing] So he didn't have a saw, so he just built those houses sixteen by sixteen. [laughing] That's the way things were going.What about some of the other camps? There were some other large camps up on Elk Ridge, boom towns, what were they like?The only big camps of any size on Elk Ridge was the AEC camp, and I told you about that one for a little while, and the Shumways' camp up at the Payday Mine there. That was the only active mine on that part of the mountain. All in all we had a camp, back over on ---?--- Canyon and they--there were other camps up there, but I don't remember, I don't recall anything particular about--USGS, they had a big camp out at the Hideout out on Deer Flat.strictly interested in geologic studies.SS: I think maybe I was thinking about the Payday.RN: That was the Shumway Brothers. They were all, theyRALPHSS:RN:What kind of miners did they employ? USGS?SS:RN:SS: Uh huh.RN: They didn't employ any miners at all. They were73
 RALPH J . NOONAN #2all--see that was fifteen years ago. They all worked in there themselves. Gene, Merle, Burdette, the rest of them did. Burdette was killed in an accident here in Cottonwood. But they all worked, they hired two or three other boys around town to help them, but they worked underground themselves.DE: Was your accident rate lower than usual or--?RN: Oh yes, yes. Yeah, there have been in the last sixteen years, there have been maybe--I just--those things can get away from you so easy. But I don't think they've been over, they've been over four or five fatalities in this area. And they were, well--- ?--- because I don't know nothing about them, but I do know that a couple of them, they were just due tojust raw negligence and stupidity. But accidents, but then these operations really and truly aren't--they don't involve really highly complicated mines. It's only just a simple underground rock tunnel and rock work. It's really not a complicated mining process, because nearly all, two or three shafts, there's only two inclines, but even that, in the case of the inclines, why it isn't really, in fact, nearly ever the case where there was a really textbook type operation setup involving money. T-Z when they were running the Hideout, they had about eighty-five74
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #2people out there, built all kinds of housing, a big shack, engineers, almost everything; but first class. And they were shipping a lot of ore. They were shipping 5,000 tons a month, but one of thestockholders told me he wished they were only shipping a thousand, and making about five thousand times as much in profit, because they weren't making any money on the operation.It all went out in--Yeah.--in operational costs.Yeah, yep. But most of this mining in this whole district, I think all around Uravan too. Of course these things are going down no like a three thousand foot shaft and some of those really greater mines. But even the Marquis and the Happy Jack, it's all a reasonably simple mining operation. There's no real big--any factors involved that need big brainwork and things like that.That's what makes the Plateau situation and theDE: RN: DE: RN:DE:mining different from that around Grants, New Mexico. RN: That is right. That is exactly right. Yes sir. You know that's inconfident ground, the depth, a lot ofwater, they've got all kinds of problems down there. Their mining costs must be at least three or four75
 RALPH J . NOONAN #2times what mining costs you in this country.DE: Is that one of the reasons that it keeps the individuals out of here though, because so many larger companies are in and they have a market, and they have their own mills and a market?RN: Yes. I haven't been to Grants in years, but the last time I was down there the independents were almost, [there] v irtu a lly w eren't any. A ll of theseoperations down there just go on, and in fact, in Utah the only place, the only area I know of where there's any independent activity at all right now [is] around Uravan, Colorado. And that's only because that's according to Uravan's policy--to generate the smaller operations as part of their plans to draw in ore to the mills. But Grants, all those operate under those mills. The mills own all the mines down there. See anything wrong, many developing substantial reserves and production.DE: But they're out on a large operational scale?RN: Oh yeah. Yeah, it would be based on the handling of a few tonnages of in many cases low-grade ore. I readin publications where these corporations and companies just start at about twelve, fifteen, eighteen hundredths of ore, and that grade of ore, I really, It's really low here. I mean but they've got76
 RALPHJ . NOONAN #2so much of it, that they--I understand Grants, some of those operators wish they ---?--- Utah at that time and gone ahead and open-pitted that whole thing down there at Ambrosia complex rather than going down because of the problems--. They put about thirty men down there in 19--I think it was about '65 or '66, twenty-nine or thirty men worked down there. They took the salts and mud out of this, and in Wyoming where they did open-pit it, why there was a problem there, the violation of the law, but they didn't care, because of the fact [that] these mills will handle these tremendous volumes of material, and handle it so fast that they'll still get their funds out of it.SS: (unintelligible)RN: Wel1, twenty hundredths, it's been kind of a--it'sbeen kind of a nation-wide index to---?--- talking about, the price figure or anything like that, but quite often the mill will require you to be getting thirty, thirty-five hundredths. They won't say so in so many words, but they say so when ---?---. But twenty hundredths is an easy point to figure, the basis to figure, and that's four pounds. The specified price under the AEC program was sixteen dollars, plus the haul was kind of a reference point77
 RALPH J . NOONAN #2for the price schedule.[END OF TAPE 2 AND INTERVIEW]78