   KAY HUNT Hanksville, Utah Tape No. 70An interview by Gary L. Shumway August 14, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
  Table of ContentsBackground. 1Vernon PickExperiences with AEC.Union CarbideVanadium Mining..Family Involvements.The Future .....Prospecting A ctivityCircle Cliffs Country......... . 43During theBoom. 42224 27 29 36 38
 "The following is an interview with Kay Hunt conducted by Gary Shumway, in Hanksville, Utah on August 14, 1970.S:Mr. Hunt has been in the uranium mining business for ~any years and this tape is taken for the Uranium Industry Oral History Project. Okay, I appreciate you taking time seeing as you haven't been feeling too well, to talk to me this morning. Would you tell first of allof your, your early life, and then go into how you got into the uranium industry. Where were you born and grew up and educated, etc.Well, I was born in a little town just out of Richfield. I think the name of it is Redmond. And then we lived there for some time and then we moved on down to Hanksville.When were you born?Born September the 18th in '25. And then I was raised on a ranch here until I was about 17. And that's when I first started in the uranium-vanadium business. I first was contacted, oh, Denny VilesAnd I worked as a leaser-leasee for about oh, three or four years out at Trachyte. Shipped the ore to Nadurita. Then I had my stretch in the Air Force. After that why, I came back and they were starting to pay for the uranium content in the ore. In the beginning we was only getting paid for the vanadium content, you remember. So thenH:S:H:I started in again after I got out of the service in about '47, or
 INTERVIEW: HuntPage 2H:148. I forget exactly. And I then started out in the Trachyte area, and I produced ore as soon as the mill started taking ore at Nadurita. I produced ore there from then up until about '52. Then I had a little experience with a man by the name of Vernon Pick on a uranium-- you may have heard of the Delta Mine?Oh yeah. Called the Hidden Splendor later?Yeah. Me and my father, we was in the development part of that thing. There's a book out now, have you heard of this Uranium Fever byTaylor and Taylor? It's called the 'Ten Million Dollar Puzzle of Vernon Pick.1Yes, yes. I remember, I remember reading something about that. I've heard several stories as a matter of fact.In this book there's one whole chapter in there that's devoted to that association we had with Vern.Now your father actually was a partner of Vernon's wasn't he or.¥¥?He was.Were you in on that or..¥?S:H:S:H:S:H:S:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 3H:S:H:I was supposed to be one of the partners too. Father actually had his name on four of the claims up there in the beginning.You had staked on one side and him on the other and you were supposed to share them totally or...?Well, the way it was, Vernon first had three claims in there and then he, when he came in and got my father, and my father told him he wouldn't work for wages, but if there was something he had thatwasn't staked he would go with the privilege of staking and he'd help Vernon take care of his property too. So he staked the ground and turned out that some of the best ore was on this one claim.That your father had staked?Uh huh. The whole details are in this book they got now; all of the court records and a lot of stuff in it. It was quite an interesting experience. How close you can get to ten million bucks and letit go right down the creek.Well, how did it, how did it, it seems impossible that you would've got out of it without getting part of it. I mean¥¥¥Well, it was, he had several different stories, different ways. He knew we was pretty green at the game you see. When a man told you something, why we figured that was his, that was what he wasS:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: HuntPage 4H:doing. But we found out from Vernon this didn't happen. And whenhe saw that we had real good property, why, then he started the process of elimination, and he set, me and him and my father up there, and we set up on this board on the Muddy River there and he says,'Now boys,' he says, 'It's better if we keep this under one head.'He says, 'If you go up and take these notices off the Delta Fourand Five and Six and Seven,' he says, 'We'll put it all into a company.' He says, 'You boys will have a good interest in the company.' Hesays, 'We'll keep it under one head, and I'll go to Grand Junctionto raise some money to put this thing over.' We was then packingthe ore down the river on pack horses. So we was, went ahead withhim. He made out the notices. We took them out, by changing DeltaSix and Seven and Dad changed them on Four and Five.They had had your name on it?They did have Dad's and Vernon's jointly.Hmm.Dad located them, but he located them for him and Vernon jointly and I can still remember the old man when we got back down on the,he was sitting down in a tree there and he says, 'I handed himthe notices I had, and Dad give him his. Vernon says, 'I'll admitIyou boys are very trusting,~nd I just had to hold my temper! I thought oh, no! We've done it aga1án. Then from then on, of courseS:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 5H:S:H:we didn't know our legal rights for heck. We waited about a year and a half on his promises that he was going to give us this and give us that you know. It never did materialize.Not anything. Not even any promise follow through or .¥. ?No, he never, he gave us, let's see we worked there about three months before we got any pay and what we did we shouldn't have taken anything at all. But what he done, he paid us with our own money. See we put a lot of stuff into the property. I had a bull- dozer and we took it up there and I never got a dime out of that for, it was a good three months or better until we got some ore shipments you see. He come down and paid us, it would be less than two thousand, all the bulldozer work and every thing for both ofus.But by paying this it made it look like you were working for him.That's right. That's exactly right.He came round, one day he came around with some W2 forms for usto sign. We was a little reluctant for that because we, then we started wondering about him just a little bit you know. And he says, 'Well, we will all take wages. I guess I'd better sign one too.'S:H:S:Pretty smooth old boy. But it made some good experience anyway.
 INTERVIEW: HuntPage 6S:H:S:H:Oh dear. Now how, how did, let's see it was Atlas that bought that wasn't it?Yeah it was Atlas. Floyd Odlem.How would they, how would they dare take up, a you know, take up an option on property like this when they knew there was something as, they must have known, or didn't they know?I don't think they knew it at the time. We had the title. You see he had a lawsuit with Climax before that and he had his title in pretty good shape. And they, they looked into everything before they bought the property. They, then Climax, they almost had a few shooting scrapes up there on the thing.What was that over?Oh, there was some claims there. Climax came in and located right against_ these claims. And Vernon in the beginning had put his three claims and they was probably maybe one claim wide actually. So then later he widened them out, you see.Floated, he floated some other claims in there?He floated them over and it was on this ground where Climax wa--s located. And that was the fuss when they found that there wasS:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Pag 7H:S:H:no ore on it. That was just a channel that, have you ever saw the property?Uh huh.The thing's about 200 feet wide, really well-defined channel.Seems to be in the (Monitor Butte) as near as we can determine.That's about as far north as we saw in this Monitor Butte, butthat's what it seems to be. It's a really good mine. I guess they're still having lawsuits over the thing.Hum. Now the ore body came to a rather abrupt end didn't it there, shortly after Atlas took it up?Yeah. It did. The original dip of the thing you see was a few de- grees up like this. All the better geologists were thinking thatLthis stuff would come to an end, which it did, because it had reachedLand reached. Actually there was better ore on the surface than there was after we got back in there aways.Kind of a secondary enrichment kind of a thing?Yeah, uh huh. But it was a real good mine. One mine AEC found and didn't get any credit for it.S:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW : HuntPage 8S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:I was going to ask you, I've heard these stories in several places.That's all compiled in this book. The guy that was out there, it tells all about it. It's interesting reading.Did they name the AEC people that were involved in it?Absolutely, yeah.What exactly was the story here with the, these AEC boys had located it and knew they couldn't stake it or ... ?Well, these AEC boys, see they had a flying program. I don't know if you remember it or not.Yeah. The anomoly searching for ...Yeah, yeah. And they flew the thing and found it. And then there was a pretty close relationship between the, Vernon and one guy in AEC.What do you mean a close relationship?Well, they, this guy had some stuff stored in Vern's basement orI mean, Vernon had some stuff stored in this guy's basement andthey was pretty thick. They had this thing sort of outlined beforehand.
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Pag 9H:So, when they finally found this good property, why, they immediately got word to Vernon, and then from there he went and had a hell ofa time finding it. He missed it once and then the next time he went and got a guy by the name of Glen Ecker to go in with him and they, these AEC boys walked in and they had little monument marks alongso they could follow them. That's all in this book. It tellsall about it. They even were good enough to lend him some water. Vernon went back up the first night and according to Glen Ecker, he was out of water. When he came back he had a ten gallon can with an AEC stamp on it and a map which the boys had drew him. So, they didn't have no trouble finding it the next day.So he had a map and he had the monuments to follow and he managed to find it. Was he pretty good at, was he a real.¥¥No, he was a real greenhorn. He was an electrician.Oh?He had a little electrical shop back in Warroad, Minnesota I believe. It burned down and he was just a young greenhorn out prospecting.Did he do a pretty good job of it once he got after it or did he have a hard time finding without the ..¥ ?S:H:S:H:S:
 INTERVIEW : HuntPage 10H:Oh, he walked his first trip, he walked right by it, up in Wall Creek Flat. He was unable to find it. No he didn't know anything at all. He just had all the luck in his favor, and everybody helped him that associated with him. He really did good. I hear he tooksome of his money and went to Switzerland now, last I heard.Uh huh. Yeah I know his address is Switzerland.Yup. He's quite a sharp old boy.He never made any attempt at all to do anything for the family or.¥.?No.Hadn't he, hadn't he come through here once before earlier or some- thing ..¥ ?Oh yes he did. He came through here, it would have been 15, ohI'd say roughly 15 years before that. And he broke his old car down over here, and I was just small then. And my father and my one brother they went out and took the team out and drug the thing in, and there was something wrong in the rearend and so Dad, he looked around and got him some parts somewheres and fixed it up,and then and Vernon got ready to go and he didn't have no money, so Dad lent him 15 dollars to get him back to Minnesota on. AndS:H:S:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: H u n tPag 11H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:it was, it wasn't too long and here come 15 dollars back. When he showed up again we had a little bit of faith in him see.Yeah, yeah.That was one reason he kind of took us like he did.Did you remember him form the first time he had been through?Yeah. I didn't exactly remember him, but Dad and Mother, they did real well.And he came back just kind of like an old friend of the family?Oh yes. You bet. He came back real good. When he needed you why he was always friends.Well, this is too often the case I guess.It was good experience anyway.He hasn't shown any kind of consideration for your mom and dad in anyway..¥?H:No, no.
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 12S:H:How do they feel about it?Oh they, they have very little respect for him. They just figure he's that type of character. They did have a little correspondence. I saw him in Denver at mining convention. After the lawsuit was over, he'd got the decision. And I told him, I says, 'Vern, we ought to get together and talk this thing over yet and at least heal up a few feelings.' And he says, 'You bet. I'd like to meet with you folks in Green River as soon as we can.' And that's been about, I guess that was in '56 or something like that. He never did come. Finally Mother, she wrote him a letter one time. And he answeredthe letter in his own handwriting. He still even then he went on like he would like to meet and talk things over. There's a lotof things he didn't want mentioned I guess. So he never did come. And in this book his letter and her letter is both printed in this book.How did they obtain the copy of..¥His letter?Yeah, of the letter your mother wrote to him?She kept a copy and then she, the copy he sent her, she gave them the original of it.S:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: H u n tPage 13S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:Gave them the original. Did they keep the original or just make a copy of it and send it back?I don't really know. I think we got all the stuff back we give them.It would be an interesting. I'd love to have a copy of it, it would be an interesting document.Yeah, we give them all of our court records and everything.Oh.I think we got all those back.Good, good.It's quite an experience.Boy, I'll say.We did, the time we was up in there, we did locate some claims they're across the river. Oh, it was a month or so after , áand theynever did, was unable to find an ore body on there, but we did auction them off to an outfit.
 INTERVIEW: HuntPage 14S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:Uh huh.But other than that, that's all we got out of the thing.Huh. The Court decision was totally in his favor?Yeah. It.was on-the~doctrine:of-lat~hes.See we waited about a year and a half before we filed suite. This document latches, was an old and stale claim, and that really was what was against us.Huh. It wasn't possession the fact that he was in possession of it?No, no, it was the doctrine of latches. Which is, they claim we waited too long to file our action.You mentioned that he had a few things that he didn't want discussed. Were you referring to the fact that there was an AEC person that wasinvolved in it?Yeah, yeah. That's right.Now your mother and father must have known of this AEC deal too. Were they there?Yes. They, we didn't know how, at the time, how...
 INTERVIEW: H u n tPag 15S:H:How much.How much but we did know, of course in those early days the AECboys, they was trying to be helpful, but we didn't find out tilla little later how involved they were. But before Dad went out there, there was two of the AEC boys that met in the one of the brothers motels down here. These two AEC boys and Vernon and my Father andRio I believe were there. I wasn't present at the meeting. So after we got to putting in this and that together, we see who the actual boss was of the mine, but it turned out that I don't believe those boys ever got a dime off of it.I was going to ask you this.I don't think they did. Because had they received, the FBI, they got into it a little bit later.Uh huh.These boys if they showed up with any money why they would've got it right quick. They did, both did lose their jobs, you know. And I understand one's, the last I heard of him was in old Mexico. His name's in the document as Mel Swanson. A red headed guy. Did youmeet him?S:H:S:H:S:I'm not sure. I may well have as a matter of fact.
 INTERVIEW: H u n tPage 16H:S:H:Later I found out the guy that was flying the plane when they picked the anomally up. His name was Chuck Crane. He used to fly for Riggs A viation down in Grand Junction.Oh?But Jerry Brook, he was the one that was running the instruments when they picked it up. It was, it could have been a lot better mine if it had been mined right. They could have got oh, probably a third, maybe half times more ore than they took out. But it was mined awful.In what way was it mined poorly? Too big of equipment or..¥Too big of equipment and you see the ore was completely saturated, this lense laid between the two strips of mudstone and there was nothing, there was ore completely up to the mudstone. And they didn't understand I guess. They thought they'd just go in thereand pick the ore out and the mudstone would stand, but you know how that works.I sure do.And this thing started to cave and they'd only, of course a lotof the ore they couldn't get out of there. Had they mined it rightS:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW:HuntPag 17H: whyallthey could get, there's still a lot of ore in there, but it's caved. It's a terrible mess.S: What is the best way? I know I had some experience with the same thing with mining ore under mudst0ne. What is the best way to mine this?H: The only way I've ever done it, especially when you're going into a place like that, I try and leave at least a foot of sandstone and then as you come back out, why you pop it out as you come. That's the only way I've found you can work it, because the mudstone, it all soon gets soft and there she comes.S: And there's no warning. I remember tapping on that that sounded just as solid as anything and a minute later 30 ton of it will come down.H: You bet your life it will. It's, it's pretty treacherous.S: Is there any possibility of strip mining this or was there too much overburden?H: No, I think in the beginning if anyone knew the size of the ore body that would have been the feasible way to go at it. That way they could saved.
 INTERVIEW: H u n t P a g e 1 8S:H:All of it. Yeah.But it was, in the beginning it just looked like another good prospect you know, which so many of them go in there and pinch out a little ways. But we could tell after we had been there about a monthor so that it was an exceptionally good mine.There was no question right while you were working there then that i t was a bonanza?Oh no. We could tell that after we had worked there just a little bit. The first ore that we shipped out of there was a lot of big boulders that fell off the front and we cobbed this off and packed it down the river on the pack horses. I think the first shipment ran 4.35.Four per cent, four and a half per cent?Four and half per cent. Vernon hauled it into Grand Junction in this old black pannel, the first, we just had little over a ton shipment, sold it to Climax. It was real pretty ore.Boy, a ton of it at four and a half per cent, that would be what, 40¥¥¥ zS:H:S:H:S:
  INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 19H:I don't knav. I never did find out exactly what he got out of it. He was a little secretive with his information. We was supposed to be his partners but information didn't get shared very much. I don't know exactly ¥¥¥About 90 pounds, 80 something pounds of it in a ton.Uh huh. Pretty good check.When you consider the bonuses for high grades and all that.Yeah, you see there was bonuses in effect then. He got a pretty good check out of it. I don't know whether we covered that in the court proceedings or not. We had all of this other financial stuff that was made available to us. Boy his bank account sure started to raise in about two months.Boy, I'll bet.It went from a few hundred up to abouf fifty, fifty thousand and in the next month she climbed another twenty or thirty.In your assessment of Pick, do you think this is just a case of what often happens when someone who hasn't, you know, who has been struggling come into a great deal of wealth. Do you think he had premeditatedthis from the beginning, to beat your folks out of it?S:H:S:H:S:H:S:
 INTERVIEW: HuntPage 20H:Nope. No, I don't think he had. Vernon was a pretty good guy, butI think the sight of all this wealth, it just seemed to me like it changed the person. Now I think in the beginning, I don't think he had theidea of beating people. I think the temptation was just a littletoo much for him. He even beat his own brother after our associationwith him.How, what was that?Well, he needed somebody, after he got so rotten we had to, we left there. And so then he wrote for his brother, John, to come out. And it was another 'we' deal and all of this, you know. John, he fu~nished quite a little money to help get the thing in better shape and finallywhen John first come, why he, Vernon I guess had told him we waspretty bad people. And John he'd just go around us like he was goingto get bit or something. And it went on. I was doing a little bitof development up on these claims we had across the canyon and Johnand I was the only ones in the canyon there. And he came down one night and he says, 'Kay would you tell me just what happened here.' Hesays, 'I know there's something fishy.' And I says, 'I'll tell youbut you wouldn't believe me anyway.' So I went over the whole details, the way the AEC had, the whole scandal and everything. 'Just whatI thought,' he says. He says,'I knew there was something fishy from the time I come in here.' And he says, 'Vernon has been telling me all we're going to do this and we're going to do that.' And he says, 1 1 told him the other day if it is "wen let's make it "we".' 'If not,'S:H:
 INTERVIEW: H u n tFag 21H: he says, 'Well, I want to know where I'm standing.' So shortly aft r that, why John and Vernon they had a few words and John got three hundred dollars a month for what time he worked there. And he barely got the money back that he'd let Vernon take to help on the mine.And that's all he got. John come out later and moved his wife toGrand Junction and did a little prospecting on his own. And Vernon,he wouldn't even associate with him because see Vernon was all inthe big money and John was still a prospector. He wouldn't even hardly talk to him. So I don't think it was happening to any one person.I think it was just the fact that all that money kind of went to the old fellow's head. Because I liked the fellow in the beginning-- pretty well. When we was struggling up the river there, you seewe built a road right up the bottom of the Muddy River and he had very little money and we had very little too. We come out there one day, the first day I was with him, he says, 'Kay it looks like one bighopeless mess, don't it?' I says, 'No, Vernon. We'll make here.' We kept a chiseling around until we got it done too. I suppose he didn't remember any of those things. It was quite a rough prospectto get going, a rough mine I should say. There was no road in. The closest road was about, oh, I guess seven, eight miles to it from (sounds like) Tansequay and up this river. You know what that'd be.S: Well, his, his published account as I recall of his struggles of being poisoned with arsenic water, and thirsting to death, you know, fromMuddy River, you know.¥¥
 INTERVIEW: H u n tPage 22H: Yeah that was laughable and rattle snakes. Do you know what those rattle snakes were, it was locusts.S: Oh really.H: Yeah.S: Oh, all the rattle snakes in the country. You can imagine this if you were looking for rattle snakes and you heard these locusts.H: Yeah. He'd, see his first trip up in there, he told us about all of these rattle snakes he had run into and he told us the block where he stayed on. We went up and sure enough his campfire was up there.S:H:S:H:And them locusts was just literally alive in there. All the time we was up there we killed one rattlesnake. And his big ordeal of riding down the river on that raft. Did you read that?Yeah, sure.That was kind of farout.Well, part of the time he was thirsting to death and the other part of the time he was riding down on the raft.I made a good story and it sold quite a lot of copies I guess. But it was quite a lot of fictitious stuff in it.
 INTERVIEW: H u n tPag 23S:H:Well, maybe he should have been a short story writer or¥¥.I think he was an amateur at it, according to this latest book that's out. This boy's done quite a bit of research on it and they claimhe was an amateur author. And I think maybe he helped, no the first book that came out I think Al Bookford, 'U Boom.' I think Vernon helped him in that one. But it's quite a lot of experience.When he put this story out, did he believe it or was it just an attempt a fiction story do you think? Because I remember it was a fantastic story.No, he actually ¥.¥He thought other people would believe it.He thought other people would believe it yeah. I'm sure he did.You don't think maybe he had begun believing it himself?I wondered about it a little bit. But this raft business. He did attempt to burn a log in two up there and he told us a kind of hairy story about this raft thing. But on the same bar the log was there, and I'd never seen any evidence of it ever being put in the water. So I think that was just a good tale.S:H:S:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: HuntS: The AEC has been maligned by probably every miner in the wholecountry here. I think every miner has got a story of the timean AEC person told him he could haul out in a wheelbarrow all theore that he could find in their mine, etc. And yet we have this story and other stories that seem to indicate that maybe some of theseAEC officials weren't as inept as we think they are.H: No, some of them were pretty sharp. Now this, this Swanson and Brooks, both of them was sharp characters. They knew what they was doing. They were sharp. And there were a lot of other guys Iknew in AEC, real good guys. They, they gave me all the help from time to time and it was allowable, you know.S: Drilling?H:S:H:S:Un huh. They did real good. I had a good association with them.Then these AEC stories that we hear so often . . .Oh yeah. I'd take some of them with a grain of salt you know, because there was some good men in there. I knew several of them. Real good men.Did you ever have any bad experiences with the AEC where you felt like it had been through sheer lack of knowledge that they had fouled you up or anything?Page 24
 INTERVIEW: HuntPag 25H:No. No I didn't have any of that. The only thing that I didn't,of course that was the personnel in the AEC, that was with Pickup there. And a few of them later, you know, that was a pretty dirty word, the Delta Mine with the AEC after that. They didn't, theyjust wanted to wash their hands of it. They was afraid they was going to get in a jam. But other than that, I had no trouble with the AEC whatsoever.Now, you mean they may have been able to give you a little help. Is that what you mean? In the court case if they would have. Or are you saying they gave ¥¥¥ ?No, I'm saying that's the only experience I know of where the AEC was actually out of line. That's what I meant.Why do you think these AEC fellows gave Pick this information? Wasit an attempt to get more--1 know at that time they were pushing production. You know, was this the reason they did or did they really think that he in someway would ¥¥¥They thought that he in someway would reimburse them, because yousee this stuff was supposed to be published on a bulletin boardon the following, I forget exactly. After the, say they found iton the end of the month, it was supposed to be published by the follow- ing tenth or something like that. This never came out. This, theyS:H:S:H:had this thing located before they ever published it. So I know
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 26H:S:H:definitely it wasn't hurry up production. It was for personal gain, but there again I don't think they ever got a dime on it.Uh huh. Did this happen fairly often on these anomaly¥¥¥Yes, they always used to, the ones they found they always published them on the following, I think it was the tenth of the month or something like that. There was a few more of them that was foundbut they never did turn out to be anything. But that was the pro- cedure.You never know of any other cases where AEC people had found one of these anomalies and had told private individuals about it.Nope, nope. This is the only one I know of. I believe that most of the staff in the AEC was fairly honest, but there's bound to be a stinker now and then.Y eah.I guess they've really cut their personnel down now over at the home office in Grand Junction.Yeah I guess the, I guess the AEC involvement in production phases of the industry is pretty well over.S:H:S:H:S:
 INTERVIEW : HuntFag 27H:S:H:It's pretty well over, I believe.Are there any AEC withdrawn areas around here?No, I don't believe there is Gary. The only ones that, there 's none in this area. The only ones that I know of are down in Uravanyou know. They've got quite a bunch withdrawn down there, all drilledout.Yeah. I know Devarrow is expressing a real interest in some of these if it would go to private industry instead of Union Carbide, you know, to private individuals.Yeah. There's been quite a lot of controversy about that, and I don't know what they will do with it. But it would be better if they would of sort of make some kind of competitive leasing or let people try bids on them or something.If they did make it competitive leasing wouldn't Union Carbide end up with it eventually anyway.Well, they possibly might. But I just really don't know. There's some other companies that are looking at it pretty strong right now.This Rio Algum's one. Two or three more big ones I know of. SoI suppose it will be the biggest, the one with the biggest stick you know. One of these wins out.S:H:S:H:
  INTERVIEW: HuntPage 28S:Yeah. Well, it looks like Union Carbide's getting in a position right now where they could simply tell someone, 'We don't want your ore. Take it somewhere else.' And there isn't much of another place to take it if it's high grade vanadium anyway.No you're right there. Now Union Carbide's been awful nice with, you might say they have a monopoly right now see on the vanadium market.Uh huh.But they've been real good. If you try to ship them anything with any grade at all, I don't believe you'd have any trouble with the market.Because there's such a demand for it?Yeah. Uh huh. There's such a demand. They're actually afraid they're not going to be able to find enough ore to keep the mill goingbeyond another two or three years. This was brought up at the meeting down in Uravan about three or four months ago. So I don't think anybody has to worry about the market. Their good, grade of vanadium type ore.What if there were some very large discoveries made though, so there wasn't quite the urgency on their part?H:S:H:S:H:S:
 INTERVIEW: H u n tPag 29H:S:H:Well, then it would be a horse of a different color you know.If they didn't need the ore so badly they might prefer to take it from their property or something.Now, they did, they mentioned that they would a certain per cent, that they would purchase from the independent miner. But I've never had it spelled out and don't know exactly how much. But they've come around and made an estimate of our ore reserves up here and they wanted to know how much we can ship in the next two or three years, not how much would we like to ship. They want it, want itbad.Y ou've got high grade vanadium?Yeah, we've got quite a lot of high grade vanadium out here.Why don't we go back then and trace this through here. After your episode with Pick where did you go from there?I went back out to Trachyte, North Wash area and I started mining there again in this vanadium stuff. It was stuff that belonged to the Vanadium Corporation then. And I've had this stuff leasedI guess ever since.S:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 30S:H:Is that right. What's the history on this? Didn't your family own this at one time earlier? No, I guess it was the Eckers.The Eckers owned the, all of this stuff. They weren't the original locaters but they were the second in line to locate it. Then they sold it to a guy by the name of W. A. Young for fifty dollars a claim. Then W. A. Young sold it to the Vanadium Corporation forabout three hundred dollars a claim. Since then they've takenout about, one place, about three million dollars worth on John Hill Flat. So it's been, the ore is spotty but it's awful good grade-- real good.This, is this in the Morrison?It's in the Morrison, about the second rim. It's, a lot of the ore, I don't know whether it's the same type you have down in Blanding, but a lot of these high grade petrified logs, do you have those?Uh huh.There was one of them out here that tells about his guy who took twenty thousand dollars out of one log alone. I took some real goodonesoutofuranium         What will the high grade logs run in this country in terms of per cent?S:H:S:H:S:
 INTERVIEW: H u n t P a g 31H:Oh, there's, you'll get, probably if you took the heart out ofsome, the heart of some of these trees will just be a yellowchalk and they're doing five per cent. And the vanadium come around as the halo you know on the outside. It's, oh, we've had vanadium as high as ten, fifteen per cent around¥¥¥real good. But at the present time there isn't very much mining going on around out here. Just what little, I've got a small operation or two.How small? How large?Oh, right now we're not shipping not over 30 ton a month. We're having this high wages is the thing that's hard to cope with now. And you see we're taking the lowest price for our uranium. We're taking right now, we ever have. So therefore you can't pay thesehigh wages and come out on i t .Uh huh. Do you have reserves there so you could ship more or is this ¥¥¥ ?Yeah, we've got a couple properties that's drilled out pretty good with some pretty good reserves.Uh huh.And we intend to probably open them up next year. You see rightnow Carbide is buying only allocated ore. And some of these propertiesS:H:S:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW : Hunt Page 32H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:we've drilled no allocation. Therefore, we've got to leave them in the ground till about anoth2r, I think it's July next year when theywill be through with their government program.Oh, do they have another year on it?I'm not really sure.It was supposed to stop in 1970 I know, but maybe they've given them a little extension or something.Well, I'm not right positive, but it's the¥¥¥Maybe it was the fiscal year.It's fiscal year.Yeah, uh huh.I think that's probably it, yeah.Yeah uh huh.I think that's probably it, yeah.
  INTERVIEW: HuntPag 33S:H:S:H:Yeah uh huh.Yeah, that's what it is. Then after that they will buy, theyany ore without allocation. I talked to a ore buyer, you know him, Wally Crick?Oh, I've met him. I don't know him at all. I remember meeting him.He sent a man over to look at a lot of this reserve we've got out here. He says that's real fine, and he says we just can't touch it right now but we sure want it later. So I don't, I don't have much qualms about a market. I think it will be all right. And this Rio Algum, you see, they're going to build another mill down around Moab.Oh. With a vanadium circuit in it?Well, it's a possibility. They've done a lot of drilling down here. Over towards Chittering, they have a real big crop of claims down there.And they done some drilling down there about three months ago. And I think they got a pretty good ore body.With vanadium in it?Yeah, they would have vanadium in it there. Of course the sizeof it they won't disclose you know, but they're doing more work onS:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 34H:it right now. So they must figure they've got something, and Italked to one of the geologists and he said they have had some controversy that they wouldn't buy this custom ore but he says the last he heardthey would be interested in custom ore at this mill they're building.S:H:S:H:S:H:looking for'Cause, let's see how many tons is it they're supposed see, 750 tons a day mill their company built. And for to come out of this one pocket they've got down there.Down around Moab you mean.Yeah. This is down in the western valley. So they're a little more mill feed.to--let's that tonnageWell, it would be great to have that as an alternative wouldn't it? If all you have is Union Carbide to take it to then I guess you'dworry.You're bound to worry because if the, any big company, if they get a monopoly and they don't need your materials, they're going to mill their own. That's only facts.Y eah.But there is some scuttlebutt in the wind about Climax, may come- back into the picture with the mill. It wouldn't be in the Grand
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Pag 35H:S:H:S:H:Junction area. It would be in Nadurita, Uravan, somewheres around there. So. . .Although, if oh, Foote Minerals goes with Union Carbide, wasn't Climax kind of had a.¥ .Climax had a lease on Foote Minerals stuff and they turned it back. It was just this last year.When Climax closed their mill.When they closed the mill, yeah. But there's been some change in the personnel at Climax high up the ladder, you know. And there's, they still have some property down here, in, I've heard through a pretty good source that within a year or two, I think they may beback in the mineral business again.I've heard this rumor two or three places before, before they put that decision to put Foote mineral stuff to what they are doing.I. don't know whether Foote and Carbide is merging or whether it's just a lease on the ore that Carbides taking from Foote. Now that I'm not quite sure on that.Uh huh. Yeah, I'm sure it won't be a merging of the companies.S:H:S:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 36H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S :H:S:No, no, no. I don't think ¥¥¥Certainly not. Just taking over the production¥¥¥Just over production, I think that's what it will be.Probably Foote will still sell the ferro vanadium or something.Yeah, see, Foote has the best vanadium market there is. It's awful good.Did your family, were they involved any in the old Davis Standard Chemical Company down in that country?No, I don't think they were. I don't, I believe that was more the Eckers. I don't believe now that, Dad he mined out at TempleMountain when they was getting that ore for Madame Curie, you know.Oh?He was out there, one of the earliest miners out there. But I don't think he worked for this Standard Chemical Company out here.Uh huh. Well, if your dad was there at Temple Mountains there in the early times, he was there in on the beginnings in this country.
 INTERVIEW: HuntPag 37H: Oh yeah. He was. Yeah, he was just a worker out here for th m then. He says they sure had some pretty ore. They used to run off these pockets. He says it was soft just like ashes.S: Y eah.H: And they'd shovel that darn stuff, you know. Blacker then¥¥¥S: I know the ore fields like this yield a great deal more in the Temple Mountain area.H: Oh, there is. But again, there's a mil~ing problem, since Vitrol shut their mill down it don't seem like any other mill's been able to separate that stuff right. But there's definitely quite a little ore at Temple.S: Did you ever work up there on Temple Mountain?H: No, I never worked at Temple. I've been in and around through the workings and everything. I was going to take a lease on it onetime. I've never worked there.S: Well, does you father live here in town?H: Yeah, he's around. Some days he can remember pretty good and other days he ¥¥¥
  INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 38S:H:S:H:Getting a little bit ¥¥¥He's getting a little bit senile. He's 70, about 76 years old.How about you morn?She is, I don't know if she is here now or been here. I think she was going to leave. I saw her just a little while ago;they've got a home in Green River. They still, Dad still goes outto mine once in a while when he's feeling good. He's the one that really showed us how to do it.I'd like to talk to him about those early Temple Mountain days. Well, okay I appreciate this very much. I don't know, is there anything I should have down here concerning your experience in theindustry that I haven't asked you about?I don't believe you have. It's about covered. It's been kind of a tough life at times but its ¥¥¥Some real heartbreaks in your case.Yes that's true. But I've, think we've got better days ahead then we got right now. There's one mill, this one that's going inthey signed a price for 72 with a big power company of ten dollars a pound. You know that's going to be quite a difference.S:H:S:H:
 S:H:S:H:Boy I'll say. Who did they sign it with?Duke Powder Company.Oh? Are they for nuclear power?Nuclear, yeah, it's for power. This is supposed, the delivery is supposed to start in '72. They'll have to channel some of their, they have some, a lot of production up in Canada. They'll have to the first part of it we'll hav~ to come off of there but the next year's production going to come from Moab.What is the rate now that these nuclear power companies are buying it for, do you know, the price?Well, I think they get about six dollars and seventy cents a pound is what the government is paying for it now. But what the power company's paying for it, I don't know.Probably a little under that then isn't it.I think the power companies is getting a real fair shake. It's just been so much talk about the danger of these nuclear powerplants is what's caused this little lapse.S:H:S:H:s:Yeah. Well, someone else is going to pay ten dollars a pound.INTERVl~W: HuntFag 39
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 40S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:I wonder why they'd pay ten dollars when someone else is getting it for less than seven.Well, they figure by '72 why it will be up.Up, yeah.And that's the figuring, that's why all these big companies is, they're not trying to mine the ore, most of them. They just want to getit and hold it.Oh, wouldn't that be great if that would go up that much. Is that the reason you're saving some of your reserve, I mean?Oh yes. You bet.You hate to think you sold it for, for three dollars a pound when you could have got six dollars for it.That's the truth. I'm positive we're taking the lowest price right now we ever will take for it. At least in the next ten or fifteen years.Do you plan on remaining in the business actively then?Oh yes. I've got too much in it right now. I've got a good number of claims. I'm doing a little work in the copper business besides.
  INTERVIEW: HuntPag 41H:S:H:I'll still be in the uranium business I imagine the rest of my mining career.What if Foote Minerals does merge with Union Carbide? I mean as far ?s production goes. Is there any chance that these leases that you have, is there anyway they could take these leases away?Oh, no. I've got the lease on them, master lease on this group out here, had 'em for about 15 years. When they deal with another company they have to honor my lease. Unless I want to turn it back. But I have lots of others down besides this Foote Mineral stuff. There's a guy in Moab, Ellis Cooke. Do you know him?Y eah.Ellis and I have about a hundred and some claims out here we picked up from a bankruptcy.That has some ore reserves on them?Yes. Good reserves. Then this, some of this other stuff we drilled out here, it's some stuff we located about two years ago. It's some stuff that's behind these old workings.It was some that had been staked during the boom? And it's been allowed to lapse.S:H:S:H:S:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 42H:S:H:S:H:Yeah it had lapsed. And they didn't drill it out last time and this time we staked it and went ahead and drilled some ore and came up with reserves.What did you do as far as prospecting activity during the boom? Did you get in on the claim staking?In the 1950's?Y eah.Yes, I guess I was staked in, prospected about half the area. We staked a bunch of claims down in this Poison Spring Canyon down here. Then we staked different claims, some in the Circle Cliffs thatdidnt' materialize.Did you know a man named Pollack in the Circle Cliffs area?Yes. I met him just a short time. I didn't know him too well, but Joe Pollack was he?Yeah, yeah. The reason I asked this is because his daughter was living with us in our home at the time, you know. She was a year older than I was and we grew up together in Blanding. And I rememberS:H:S:he used to write her letters telling about what he was doing over there.
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Fag 43H:S:H:S:H:S:H:Yeahhedonequitealittle,quitealittleworkdowninthr . Thr was quite a lot of those old prospectors. You kind of los trackof them, you know.Y eah.I did notice though when this uranium thing started looking up a year or so ago, a lot of names and faces came back.Alot of them came back, yeah, uh huh. What is the Circle Cliffs country like? Isn't that the area that Charlie Steins is hopping to get something going now?I understand Charlie Stein's quite a bit farther west, west of there.Oh, is he?West of there. But Circle Cliff itself hasn't got a very good production record. It's a little bit of ore, awful thin, spread over a widearea. There's been two little mines out in there that have provenout a little bit.Oh?I suppose maybe there's been a couple hundred thousand dollars worth of ore, maybe three hundred thousand of the whole production.S:H:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 44S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:What do you think of this country, or do you know the country where Charlie Stein has claimed to make his ¥¥¥ ?I don't know exactly where it is. I don't know, I heard he found it through some oil drilling. It's supposed to go down 2,600 feet.It'd have to be a pretty good mine.It would have to be awful good. If Charlie's got the luck the second time, why that's fine. We just have to wait and see.Oh, boy when you have to worry about water tables besides just the depth.That's the trouble Rio Algums having down there. They're having water problems down there right now.Y eah.Twenty six hundred feet, you know that's a long ways.You bet.You've got to really have an ore body. And then it could turn out a little like that potash thing. They were supposed to have that drilled out so good you know. But it had these waves in it.Where it wasn't all as good as it was supposed to be.
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Pag 45S:H:Is that what's happened up there? That just not been quite as thick as ¥¥¥It wasn't as thick and the drillings get the potash, they thoughtit was just a solid bed. But it went like this, and down. The roof was bad. I understand they shut that down or have they already doneit. Do you know?Yes, I believe they have. I think they're thinking of running a solution operation from now on, or something. I just heard it from not a good source.I knew they was in trouble on the thing production wise. No, when you're going 2,600 feet after ore, you've got to be awful, awful sure what you got ¥¥¥Uh huh. What kinds of problems have you had out here in Trachyte? What are the major problems there in the area?The major problem there is just small deposits, and you have to, until later years, we didn't have the trends established quite right.We found now that we can follow them pretty well. Just a small deposit has been the main drawback. But if we get a little farther in away from the surface we find that the deposit is picking up too.S:H:S:H:
 INTERVIEW: Hunt Page 46S:H:S:H:S:H:S:H:Oh great. Do you have any water problems there?No we don't right there. On some of this stuff we drilled out we have a few water problems.Oh?But Trachyte and North Wash area, there's no water problems there.Wish you had a little more water problem.That's right. It would be better.Well, Kay I really appreciate your time today. And thank you for the information you've given.Well, if I've been of any help that's fine.u