 DWIGHT OLIVER Norwood, ColoradoAn Interview By Harry HenslickUranium History Project Tape No. 112July 28, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsHauling Ore By Wagon ..How He Became Interested in MiningLooking for Ore in the '40s vs. Today.Future of Vanadium and Uranium on the Plateau.1 3 9in theM ines.22 29, 32-34 29 34 35 36 38Experiences WorkingNew Prospects . .Denny Viles...Mining Interests.The Future of V anadium.Taxes on the Miners...Drilling 41
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH DWIGHT OLIVER BY HARRY HENSLICK AT HIS HOME IN NORWOOD, COLORADO ON JULY 28TH, 1970.HH: Mr. Oliver, before we started you started to tell me some very interesting stories about when your father was involved and there were some--they were bringing the oreby wagon. Could you tell me about that a little more? DO: There used to be a large number of freight trains and it'd take them about a week to make a trip. They went to the coke oven up at Standard Chemical and differentplaces in the Lowell country there and they freighted it from there to Placerville and they had the different places along at Naturita, a station at Redvale and Norwood, and then they'd go to Placerville and back here the next day. They had six real large work horses and usually two large wagons. One front wagon and onetrailer.HH: About when was that?DO: Well, it was probably for several years around 1918, whenI was old enough and especially could pay attention to itand recollect it.HH: Would a six horse team pull one wagon?DO: Two wagons.HH: They'd pull a two wagon--DO: A front wagon and a trailer. They still have a few ofthem old wagons around yet.HH: I wonder how many ton they could haul like that.DO: Well, it's been so long ago I don't recollect, but I
 DWIGHT OLIVERthink somewhere in the neighborhood of ten tons, but I couldn't tell you for sure. That's just the bestest guessing now from what I've heard.HH: From what you can remember of the size?DO: Yes.HH: But they had large stables, et cetera, down here?DO: There were three large stables in the town of Norwood.Every night there'd be several teams and wagons that lined up on the street just like cars is now. In the morning they'd hitch the horses up and if it was real muddy and stuff they'd be froze down in the wintertime and they'd have a hard time getting started early because of the surface. But the country here raised oats and hay and it was real prosperous at that time.HH: Did they try to do that, they couldn't do that throughout the year?DO: Yes, they did, pretty much all year.HH: Twelve months, tweive months a year?DO: Yes.HH: Did your father have an interest in mining at that time? DO: Not very much, he ran the livery stable there.HH: Oh, he did?DO: And freighted ore. That was about as near as I recollect.He didn't do any mining I'm sure of that.HH: Uh-huh. Or any prospecting or anything of that type?2
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO: No, no.HH: How did you become interested in mining?DO: Well, actually I went to Telluride first and mined in--well at that time I mined for gold, silver and lead. At this same mine that Eldorado has now I leased out there and then I, in 1943 during the war, why I bought some mines down on the Dolores River there and started mining. At this same time we shipped the VCA into Metals Reserve and the reserve had a plant at Dove Creek, as you probably know.HH: Who did you buy those mines from?DO: I bought them from Henry Ross. He was an old time minerthat even during the time that, they didn't do hardly anything, he'd go down there and highgrade, just took out some of the highgrade trees, you know, and he had burros and packed it out.HH: In hundred pound sacks or whatever?DO: Right. One of them claims we bought we still have, thatold Parrot was filed in 1918 and it's left, it did quitea lot of mining then.HH: How many claims did you buy from him?DO: Four, five, five. I'll take it back. One in one place andfour in the other place.HH: Do you know the leases that they were, the names of themines?3
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO:Well, there was the Parrot and Old Hummingbird, we noticed that had been filed in 1918 and the Lone Star and the one they call the Jenny Broils. And he mined a great big tree you can still see the bluff where he mined that tree out. Just mined, highgraded it, this tree and the uranium leached into, just highgraded it.Just dug that out? And--Dug it out and almost back to back, chopped off and that was the end of it. Whether it fell and some if it'd be out in the rim there, or not, you don't know. There may still be lots of it there. There's a certain place where it was chopped right off like a big bell, you know.So, in during the war years you were mining for vanadium? The Second World War, we mined strictly for vanadium. As far as you knew.We didn't do uranium.That's right.Well, at that time we really knew--the mill was at Uravan, you know--and actually then with us shipping there we didn't know for sure what they was doing, they was real secret.HH: DO:HH: DO: HH: DO: HH: DO:HH: Did you have any idea that there was something sneaky going on?DO: A little, but not too much about; the only idea we did have, Johnny Hills at one time talked to his son about4
 DWIGHT OLIVERmaybe we'd be able to sell uranium pretty quick but then that was nothing materialized of it.Although in the late '30s, '38 and '39 and into '40, apparently the scientific journals were quite full ofHH:DO:correspondence from the European scientists and the American scientist saying, can we do this or not. But apparently the people on the plateau were not really aware of this so they didn't tie it in to what they were doing.No, no that's right. I'm sure they didn't, I'm sure they didn't tie it in. We was up in the mountains in 1945 when they dropped that atomic bomb, you know, at Hiroshima. Then, of course, we knew just like that, what had took place.I imagine you were both kind of happy to know that this was probably meant the end of the war in the Pacific. Oh yes, gosh yeah.But besides that, you probably felt pretty happy about the prospects for your mining.Yes, we went ahead and staked some more claims about then. I had a brother and I believe he was probably in Okinawa then and he figured he'd have to land in Japan, and of course when they dropped that bomb, why it struck the end of the war.HH:DO: HH:DO:HH: So then, about that time had you done any prospecting 5
 DWIGHT OLIVERprior to 1943?DO: Not for vanadium, no.HH: Had you prospected for lead and--?DO: Well, I worked up there in 1935 up 'till 1943 atT elluride. HH: Yes.DO: And we did quite a lot with some of the old dumps up there that had been filed there along, you know, when they first started mining there along in the late '70s and early '80s. Well at that time up there they just took the highgrading and packed clear out on burros. And the rest that was left there, it was real difficult country up there and we finally got sort of a road up there and loaded that ore and took it down the upper tunnel and then jigged on back down to the mill.HH: So then in the '40s you did do some prospecting or filing of new claims?DO: Oh yes, yeah.HH: What area was that basically?DO: Well, at that time it was just in this immediate area theclaims and I bought there down on the Dolores.HH: Did you just kind of surround your claims there toprotect yourself? DO: Yeah.HH: Did you make any new discoveries there of the ore?6
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO: Yes, I got one mine or two that I mined right at thatHH: DO: HH:DO: HH: DO:HH: DO:HH:DO: HH:DO:time quite a lot and later on why we did during the uranium time, after '48 see. Why, then we did go ahead and find other ore bodies there and found quite an extensive number of claims. We have two hundred claims there now.Oh, you do?That's connected with that original claim, right.Gee, that's a tremendous number, that's a large amount of country.Yeah, well I've got more than that.On what side of the Dolores is that?On the east side of the Dolores, it would be northeast of Dove Creek. Do you know where Spudpatch is?Yes.It's right straight across from Spudpatch. Straight on the other side of the river.We were up on a road there out of range, spelled backwards.Yeah.Egnar, or whatever and we came on down and I remember he, Dr. Shumway pointed out about where the Spudpatch was from up in there.Uh-huh. Right straight east of the Norma Jean there which was one of the Smokey Jug and then Spudpatch, which is7
 DWIGHT OLIVERsome of the Carbide's and VCA's claims.HH: The major part of your claim filing in the '40s then, or have you continued--?DO: No, we filed some out there later, in the last--they haven't filed any in the last two or three years but ah-- well, the last two years. Before that we filed probably a hundred claims probably half of that group we have filed since then. Then the Canadian companies come in and picked up the claims around it, a lot of it. Well, they're sinking an incline to one supposedly a pretty good sized ore body that they should be to the ore now, we haven't been out there for two or three weeks but we're going out there for two or three weeks but we're going out in a day or two.HH: What's the name of that company?DO: Well, it's Columbia Northland, Ltd. there's two or threecompanies mixed in but that's the one that we get ourchecks from.HH: How did you actually go about looking for ore and lookingfor a claim to file on. Have you changed this from what you did in the late '40s as compared to today?DO: Yeah, definitely, when we first went out there in '43 they did very, very little exploration drilling, the Bureau of Mines come in up there and did a little drilling in back of the Mucha Grande which is a pretty8
 DWIGHT OLIVERgood sized claim, that's during the Second World War. But outside of that, why we just filed along the rim where we'd find a prospect and then just run our rig into it and look at it. That's all there was to it, you was just guessin'.HH: DO:Did you use geiger counters later?Later, yeah. We got the first geiger counter we got was in '48. Kind of an old model then, but of course you know during the war there, we was mining strictly for vanadium. We did have a, well, we used sulfuric acid and water and pulverized it and tested it and we could tell pretty close whether it was vanadium by the color it turned. We did that all the time when we was in doubt, we'd use an alka seltzer bottle and pulverize it up and mix it with sulfuric acid and water. You could tell real good.Had you ever run a little sample for yourself on your ore as you were shipping it out?No more than just with this acid way, that's the only waywe had and that was just a color test, was all it was. The darker green it turned you could tell the higher grade it was.So you could come pretty close to knowing what you had.HH:DO:HH:DO: Oh yeah, real close.HH: As your shipment went out.9
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO:HH:DO: HH: DO: RH:DO:Yeah, during them times we could tell a lot closer than we can now for some reason or another. Gosh, we just never, hardly ever missed telling right close to what our ore would run. Anymore you can't even guess.Once it's gone, I guess you don't get any more of that high grade out anymore do you?Well--In general?You get some high grade, of course--You were telling me how you--the changes that came in prospecting. And I said something about the geiger counter and got you off, but now into the '50s and later how is this changed?Well, long about '52 wasn't it, they started in exploration drilling. Fact is we had a wagon drill in '52 and that's when we just started, you know, discovering some ore back of the rims and after that time, why see, then we filed claims in back of the other claims which we thought was possible and then drilled. We done exploration drilling with drills and they're still doingthat out there now. Last time we was out there, there was two rigs out there drilling.Were you doing that with your own money?HH:DO: For a long time, yeah.HH: When did the AEC start taking an interest in paying for10
 DWIGHT OLIVERsome of the exploratory drilling?DO: Well, I think probably along about '52 I couldn't--I'm not certain on that, it was along in that time.HH: But at the same time you were doing this on your own anyway?DO: Oh, yes, ourselves we got no good out of what the AEC did.HH: Why couldn't you have asked them to come in and drill or did you ask them and they said no?DO: Well, they didn't of course, we did ask them some. One time on Carpenter, why they was going to drill some of our claims out there and one of my brothers wouldn't sign an agreement and I think that that was a very big mistake. He was unhappy at them for some other deal he'd had with them or something on some other mines down in -- -?---HH: What kind of an agreement would you have to sign with them in order--DO: Just give them permission to drill and they drill and there was no catches at all. You could probe and get your results, it was very good, for the ones that got it, itwas real good.HH: Yes, I wasn't sure how much private drilling was going onat this time. It seemed as if from what I've seen that the AEC was happy to drill if there was a possibility, a11
 DWIGHT OLIVERgood possibility in their eye that they would find more ore, why they'd go ahead and drill.DO: We did quite a lot of drilling both for ourselves and, we just had one drill rig but we kept it running just practically steady when the weather permitted all for several years after 152. Of course at that time they was still drilling shallower ground. We was drilling from surface on down to as much as two hundred feet with that drill we had, but then it just gradually progressed towhere they started drilling deeper, of course as they get further back from the rim.HH: Yea, anymore three hundred feet is not much of anything is it?DO: No, no worry at all. At that time that would have been deep drilling. I mean, that's what we'd have considered it.HH: I guess that's like drilling oil. DO: AEC was drilling deeper than that. HH: They were?DO: Yeah.HH: But this was taking care of your needs quite well as long as you were pretty close to the rim and you could get everything you needed.DO: Yeah, we was using what we called the wagon drill and it's pretty cheap drilling.12
 DWIGHT OLIVERHH: What did it cost you a foot, do you remember?DO: Well, actually for our own drilling it cost us not overthirty cents a foot at the most. We was getting aboutsixty cents when we drilled for other people.HH: Yea, that's a good price for someone else too, isn't it,compared to maybe at least a dollar a foot, wouldn't thatbe considered all right at that time, a decent price? DO: Well, a dollar?HH: Uh-huh.DO: Well, you could get it for a lot less than that.HH: You could get it for less--DO: With a wagon drill, that's what I said, we was drillingfor sixty cents with ore grade and we'd get quite a lotof drilling we made money. We made money at sixty cents. HH: Uh-huh.DO: We hired a--we had a guy that drilled for us for several years, run the rig and he made money and we did too, at sixty cents.HH: Did you, have you ever worked your own mines, or have you--?DO: Oh, yes, yes. I worked down there in '43 til they quit buying ore in '45. And then I worked later on, oh from'48 off and on until up in the '50s.HH: So you've had quite a number of years in the mine as wellas--?13
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO: Yes, oh yeah, and that's one thing that I thought a lotabout. At that time you'd shoot and when the powder smoke cleared up, well, you thought it was real good and went back into the mines and --HH: Oh, the old radon daughters?DO: And you never heard of a ventilating fan at that timeduring World War Two, I never seen a mine that had ventilation in it. I suppose Carbide or some of them maybe did have, but they never heard of anybody getting lung cancer.HH: Uh-huh. I would imagine without any ventilating fan in those it would take a long time for that dust to settle sometimes wouldn't it? You get down into a pocket and--DO: Yes, it took longer for the dust to settle. Usually when the powder smoke cleared out, well, we'd usually always try to shoot at night, you know, and not go back 'til the next morning and by the time it would usually be cleared out pretty good. Sometimes we would water it if it was too dusty. We didn't know nothing about radon daughters then, and that was totally Greek to us.HH: Probably scare you now if you knew how high over what they call a safety regulation now.DO: No, I'm actually not afraid of it myself. I think a lot of it's due to diesel and of course, cigarettes.HH: I know another man who told me the same thing. Just 14
 DWIGHT OLIVERmentioned Lavarr Shumway and he said that he only knows of one case of lung cancer of a miner who was not alsosmoking and he therefore ties it in that it corresponds that if you smoke and air in the mine that's when you've got the problem.DO: There's one old guy down here on the Dolores River now, Jack Nealey, he's sort of a hermit--county's having to help him a little now. But he's mined since 1951 down, well, a little bit over in San Raphael and down in there and he don't know what a fan is yet today. And they took him to Montrose and x-rayed him, he had an ulcer the other day, but I think his lungs is perfectly good and he don't pay no attention, he goes back into the powder smoke and everything else. He don't smoke and he never,for a long time he used a horse, you know, to tram it outside and the rest of the time he's used a wheel barrow and I'm sure that he don't have a bit of lung cancer. I don't see how he keeps from having a little bit of rock on his chest because of the way he's worked so there's some, some connection with cigarettes and I think diesel. Actually you just never started hearing much about lung cancer 'til after they started using diesel equipment in the mines. Now, I think there's got to be some connection there. Plus cigarettes evidently, definitely play somepart of it.15
 DWIGHT OLIVERHH:DO: HH:DO: HH:DO: HH:DO:HH: DO:HH: DO:HH:Of course they've also increased in usage greatly, during the last several decades I guess and that's possible. Yes.These safety regulation. They've really had a severe blow to the independent miner, hasn't it?Yes.I think we were, we're getting into 1950s, ah, that was a good time, '52, '54, in there--Oh, most of the time through the fifties.After '49 I guess the AEC came out with their first increase.They started buying in '48, and then started selling our first ore in early summer of '48.Did you pretty much open up completely at that point or-- We opened up several mines and during the meantime we acquired a little more property.Between then and '50.Between '45, '45 and '48 we acquired quite a little more property.You could see, you thought that it was going to come again?DO: We figured it was, yes. We acquired some property down around Moab and then acquired this property on Carpenter Flats, or Carpenter Ridge which we still have now. That's one of them mines that we acquired and still is working16
 DWIGHT OLIVER now.HH: You're talking in the plural. I don't think we've mentioned, you do have a partner?DO: HH: DO:HH: DO:HH:DO:Now, yes, Frank Buss.How long has he been in cahoots with you?Well, we filed a claim or two right after they dropped the bomb.Oh, you did?Then we bought some claims at Moab and then we bought these claims on Carpenter together. So from '46 on.Are you in partnership with all of your mines with him now, or do you still have perhaps the Parrot?Yes, my partner shares with all of them. When we leased to this Canadian company a couple of years ago why he was going to make a real bad deal, part of mine and part of his, you know, and they wanted them altogether and so Isold him, real reasonable, sold him half interest in mine in order to make that work out better.I see. Then through the '50s you opened up a lot of, you filed a lot of new claims?Oh, yes.You opened several new ore bodies and this was a real good time.[Child's voice]They can come in if they want, I don't know, maybe they-- 17HH:DO: HH:HH:
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO: They'll make an awful lot of noise.HH: I don't care.DO: He says you can come on down. When they get to fightingwe'll have a racket.HH: Oh, we'll just kick them out then.DO: Now, you'll be on that tape so you want to not say toomuch.HH: It's going to be typed up and put in the libraries, andpeople will be reading it twenty years from now. Maybeeven you, come down and hear what was said again.DO: Now, it's been real interesting.HH: As 1960 came and went, what were the changes thatoccurred in your business?DO: Around 1958 it got real bad. We couldn't hardly sell ourore in '58 and '59 especially. Then in '60, why, ah, especially after they started this allocation deal the mills wanted the ore and we got work again now in the early '60s quite a little bit.HH: During the '50s did you ever consider going public, issuing stock?DO: We had several opportunities, actually, of course we should have but we was afraid too. There was some pretty sharp guys around then. There was some of them that tried to get us to take over and be president and one thing andanother and we was afraid to. We should have, if we'd 18
 DWIGHT OLIVERhave set up an outfit I'm sure we would have done real good.HH: Should have got some money quite easily apparently in the middle '50s for drilling and exploratory work.DO: One of the mines that we had in Bull Canyon that I had turned out to be a real good one. It's actually Paddy's, they call it Pickett. It borders on the Pickett Corral, maybe you know where it is in Bull Canyon. This was Andrew's mine, it's Micro-Copper now and we sold that property. Probably in '59 some time about then we thought it was worked out but then a company come in with a seismograph and drilled a hole back where there'd been sort of a conflict between my claims and the other claims. And they drilled this ore body and went between my claims and the other claims and they've mined that thing steady since then, as far as I know they're still mining. Just a large, large amount of ore out of there. We used to mine in the first room and that was in the second ore middle room and it's been real, real good. A fabulous mine, probably one of the best ones in that country.HH: You have some mines still operating today, don't you? DO: Yes.HH: How many do you have open?DO: Well, two. The one on Carpenter Flats in Montrose County19
 DWIGHT OLIVERand one that the Canadians has recently put some people out on, well this original Parrot that I mined, that I bought in 1943. There's a mine there, it's on a real small way, the mine's worked out. They're still--The ones you're operating, how many men do you have working?I don't have any, we have it leased.Oh, you have it leased also?To just a couple of guys, it's small miners.I understand, I was thinking that you were actually doing it.No, no.I got you wrong. They lease year by year is that the deal?Lease, yeah, for two or three years.Two or three years and you get a percentage of whatever ore they take out?Yeah, uh-huh.According to the--and they're taking it up to Uravan now,HH:DO: HH: DO: HH:DO: HH:DO: HH:DO: HH:correct?DO: Right, it's on the market now. Atlas was talking aboutbuying ore but, but I don't know how that--HH: During which years did you do business with VCA?DO: Most of the time off and on. From 1943 on 'til they quit. HH: Off and on, so you did--20
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO: Yea, some years we didn't at times you know, wellespecially since '60 you had to sign allocation agreements with a certain mine and some of the time it was signed with VCA, part of the time, during that time VCA had our claims leased.HH: Uh-huh. Did you do any business with USVC or Union Carbide during that period?DO: Well, probably with the other claims that they didn't have leased, I'm not real sure now. We kept our claims a lot of times since along in the early '50s what we hadn't minded ourselves we drilled. And then we'd lease the claims to somebody else.HH: And then you didn't worry about who they were taking the ore to.DO: We let them ship to whoever they want to, right.HH: I see.DO: Wherever they figured they could get the best market.Some of them needed help and one thing and another and some of them needed equipment and usually wherever they get the best deal that's where they shipped the ore.HH: What do you think the future of vanadium and uranium is here on the plateau?DO: I honestly don't know, I think that it's definitely hinged on what vanadium is, I think without vanadium here it probably wouldn't work too good. The bodies are not21
 DWIGHT OLIVERbig enough to mine for uranium alone. I think it's partly hinged to the future of vanadium. If vanadium's good, I think that this will be very good, you know.HH: All these large claims that we hear about in Wyoming, are those not, don't they carry vanadium in them?DO: Not to the best of my knowledge, no. I'm not an authority on that.HH: There's some other ore, they're not carnotite apparently. As far as--DO: There's a sandstone formation but I don't believe that they carry vanadium.HH: So that perhaps the vanadium here on the plateau will stay strong then.DO: I rather think so, if vanadium stays good. It's kind of an area here I don't just exactly understand it myself but down where Steen is that has Mi Vida and them claims and Homestake and them. In Utah there they have a littlevanadium but not too much, but up the river under and up from the Parrot a little ways where this same formation, the Shinnarump or Chinle shale shoal, now that assays real good in vanadium but down there the same formationdon't.HH: Right, they have very little vanadium.DO: Right. But up here it does. I've talked with Wally Frickwho's with Union Carbide and he's went up there and 22
 DWIGHT OLIVERsampled that and the samples he took out was three percent vanadium so there's some. This even clear down in this, back in Chinle in this area it's associated with vanadium, down there it's associated with asphalt or something else.HH: That's strange, isn't it?DO: Yeah.HH: You really don't know. Of course that makes you feel likeit's possible that at anytime they might find, do some drilling somewhere else and maybe find a higher concentration of vanadium in there. In that Shinnarump or--DO: Oh, I think they're definitely going to find ore in this deeper formation. Now really see, it's this Dolores anticline is an extension to the Lisbon anticline. There's no difference, just a state distance. They call it, when it comes into Colorado they call it Dolores anticline and actually the Lisbon fault extends up through there. It's really not too far from where Steen and them claims is, hairline.HH: Right, that's correct. They're not too far from the boarder, that's true.DO: No, it hasn't been explored but very, very little. Now this Canadian company put one hole down that right, put three holes down out there. They put one hole down they23
 DWIGHT OLIVERput it down on the crest of the incline. They didn't get ore but they did get a hundred and twenty foot of that formation which is exceptional, it's not usually near that big. That's twice as big as it is down here.HH: So you think if you put holes along that you'd--DO: Well, we wanted to drill a little further down the anticline, you know, where that fault goes through. It's kind of a trough goes through there. But, yet we haven'tHH:DO:done it.It's almost like an old channel going through you might find something in there.Well, we kind of figured that, it's a crest anticline and then it, after it drops off why you usually have sort of a trough in there, steppe faults and thing which we think's more favorable for both carnotite, and we think it will be more favorable for Chinle or Shinnarump. During that we're talking about ore reserves in a round about way. During the late forties you were very interested in production here on the plateau, were youupset that the AEC and the government didn't feel thereHH:were more reserves here than they came out with?DO: A little but at that time, I really didn't know enough about it to really get upset. Of course we knew thatthere was definitely had to be more ore because like I was talking awhile ago, they just drilled a little bit in24
 DWIGHT OLIVERback of the rims and the rim, what happens is, you know the showings along the rims where the ore was, it was softer and a lot of that went off into the canyons. So what happened, the mines that we found along the rims, a big percent of them, the large part of the ore bodiesalready eroded away. HH: Were gone.DO: And then when you drill back of it why the ore bodies they found there was still all there in place. So they were pretty near sure to find bigger ore bodies in back of it than they found up, what little bit they worked on the rims.HH: Of course the history of the mining here and undoubtedly the ore prosperity and the very thing that you have to do since 1945 or so would have to be drastically different. Yet, at the end of the war, the government had felt that we had adequate reserves here on the plateau and yet they didn't. Now I don't know if today you'd be better off or worse off because of it but certainly during the forties, the late forties, you would have been better off had they accepted that we had reserves and were trying to go ahead and mill it, we'll pay you a decent price.DO: Yeah, rather than borrow as much and developed as much ore in foreign countries as they did.HH: It's a fascinating question as to why they came up with 25
 DWIGHT OLIVER2200 ton reserves here with, you know, the Monument Number Two, according to reports I've seen, the Monument Number Two had enough ore showing to double that reserve and this Monument Number Two was not included in it at all.DO: Well, this mine that I was talking about, this Picket Corral, out there alone has been far more than that and of course you know these mines around there, the Durmo and part of Snyder's in there now, gosh, they're many, many times that much.HH: Looking back with hindsight, I don't know how they came up with such small reserves. The Union Carbide people, they were working hand in hand with VCA at that time, we know that.DO: They had to know there was more ore than that. I don't know what the reason for estimating it that low was, but they had to know there was more ore in there.HH: A very interesting map I saw yesterday, I wish I had it with me, you'd be interested I think. It was a 1930, July 1930 map and it had circles showing the known ore sites of carnotite and roscoelite.DO: Most of time was around here then, probably.HH: Well, it was in the Uravan mineral belt, of course, that they showed two mines down on the reservation at that time. They showed, of, of course they showed up there at26
 DWIGHT OLIVERRifle. And they--DO: Lots of vanadium there, of course.HH: But it was, ah, that map alone would seem to indicatethat there were more reserves than what they came outwith in the forties.DO: Yeah, they had to know there was more ore than that.HH: Apparently the AEC took this for fact, though. This iswhat they worked with, they didn't know.DO: Well, I suppose maybe that they wouldn't. They'd betaking somebody else's figures; they wouldn't know whatwas out here. They wouldn't have no idea if they didn't. HH: The more I see of the records, particularly of maps ofmines before that and it's just--I can't understand it. Of course the Monument Number Two was in production at that time when they came out with the report and yet they didn't even include it. And there was ore showing in the ground and that would have proved this out. Have you been down since to Monument?DO: No, I haven't. I've by been there on the road down.HH: Uh-huh. I understand that you can just go by and look at the hole they've taken it out of, you'd be flabbergasted by it. Back to some of your experiences. Have you hadvery much experiences with working your mines, having menworking for you?DO: Quite a lot before we had it leased. We actually haven't27
 DWIGHT OLIVERemployed too many men, we did some from, well, I had some men employed during the vanadium times from '43 to '45 and then some from '48 to '52 or '53, along about then. But most of the time since about '52 or '53 we gotinterested in exploration we drilled and then leased the mine. That's what we've always done, that's the way we done it.HH: When you discovered the ore then let someone else have the headache of getting it out if there was any?DO: Yea, we've always been real interested in exploration and still are, really.HH: Got any new prospects? [laughter] I'm sure there are. DO: I'm sure that they haven't even scratched this country. I know a guy that found some uranium way back up thisway. He won't tell me exactly where it is, but he broughtit up and it's real, real good uranium.HH: East of the area?DO: Far, far east of the area that they've been mining at.They haven't even scratched it yet.HH: Have you ever heard any more from Charlie Steen's newestfind?DO: I just heard about it an I just wondered if it was allnewly filed claims and I just wondered if there wasanything more to it than that.HH: This paper, the article a week and a half ago says that28
 DWIGHT OLIVERreports were going to be in within the week that would confirm and then it's been a week and a half and I haven't seen the paper, I don't know if this claim--DO: I don't see how a guy could get that lucky twice.HH: Did you ever know Charlie Steen? Of course that's a little ways out of your area. He was around Slick Rockthough, wasn't he at Dove Creek there?DO: He mined, I didn't know him at that time, but he minedacross the river and down from us. When I talked with the guy that, the Spanish boy that worked with him down there, when they lived down there and mined down there, I went down one time with this Spanish boy, we went down looking at the mines and then Steen tried to lease these mines from Moab to us. Actually I don't think them claims was any good. He was, he was really hard to try to deal with, you know. He come up here and one thing or another and I don't know exactly how to say it--HH: I've heard several stories about Charlie Steen.DO: But we didn't go ahead. He wanted a lease on the mine and an option on any one of them and one thing or another so we wouldn't let him have them. If we would have let himhave them, he would have spent what money he had there, and they wasn't any good, I'm sure, so he'd have lost what money he had. He wouldn't spend it out there. But wedone him a real good favor.29
 DWIGHT OLIVERHH: There's something else I'd 1ike to ask you about. Itseems as if so many of the people have been involved in the mining industry. They have some wonderful stories, incidents that have happened that are funny or strange or whatever, I would imagine you might have a few of those, can you think of any about particular men that have been pretty important or a long time working in the industry that you could tell any incidents about?DO: Right off hand I can't, I'm sure, I should know some but just offhand I don't.HH: Have you ever had any strange things happened with, you know, to you when you're out drilling or anything like that, working in the mine?DO: I have had at Telluride in that mine up there but not especially in the lower country that I can recollect offhand. 'Course we have had, you know, lots of, oh we got a big kick out of it at times. You know when the drill hit an ore body, we did for a long time go down there and camp out and we even went down therein the wintertime. I'd hate to do it now, but we'd set a camp down there with a camp stove you know that would burn wood and stayed down there and staked claims in BullCanyon.HH: It's nice to look back on now.DO: Yeah, actually at that time I'm sure we enjoyed it, I30
 DWIGHT OLIVER know we did.HH: What's the biggest ore body that you ever drilled into, can you remember? I imagine the excitement must rise as it goes deeper and deeper, huh?DO: Oh, we drilled ten feet of ore several times. HH: That's a pretty good strike, isn't it?DO:Yes, we drilled one hole, we haven't ever went through down there on these claims where these workings on that they're working on down here at Carpenter, they each got about twenty-five foot of ore, but a lot of it's low grade. The ore in this certain mines comes in several different varieties, in places it fits awful close together. But we mined on several different levels one right above the other one.Altogether you've been quite happy with VCA relations with you, is that correct?Oh, fairly so. We9ve been a little unhappy at times, of course. We're happier with VCA than with Union Carbide, let's put it that way. And Climax, we never had a shipment over at Climax that we didn't feel we got a fair shake on it. All the ore the we mined, and the Leech's mine and one thing and another from there we shipped to Climax that we didn't get a fair shake on.HH:DO:HH: Did you ever worry about it or did you worry about it after the fact, about the VCA having shipped as much ore31
 DWIGHT OLIVERfor them, later they had these civil suits centered around the two big companies?DO: Did I worry about it, what do you mean?HH: Did you look back and wonder if you had gotten a fairshake all those years, that perhaps you hadn't worriedabout what that--DO: No, we got a lot better deal during the time, in factthat's what them people collected that money for, than we've had since then. We was much happier then than we have been with some of the deals we've got since then. And they had us in their original suit and we never signed or agreed to go in there at all, at the time we withdrew. And some of them was kind of unhappy about it, but at that time we didn't want anything 'cause we was still dealing with both VCA and Union Carbide, you know and actually at that time we didn't figure that, well, during the time we mined, during the war, we didn't think we got too bad of a deal.HH: How long had Denny Viles, when did he come in?DO: I can't tell you, long time ago. He was there when we started mining in '43 that was the first I got to know him personally. But he did originally start mining up here for vanadium, I'm pretty sure of that. Started up there more or less on his own. Somebody could tell youthem stories, somebody probably around Telluride. 32
 DWIGHT OLIVERHH: He's one of these gentlemen, I can understand hisDO: HH: DO: HH:DO:HH: DO:HH:DO:HH: DO:position.He's a rugged guy, he wasn't a bad guy.He did not wish to talk to us.Well, you've tried to talk to him?Yes, there's still a chance that he will. It's unfortunate because that leaves a large hole.Yes, he could tell you many, many times more than I could. You see he would have known the industry from a different--Well, that's what we want to--Different point of view, than I would've at all, and of course he was in it a long time before we was.What percentage is this your business today, mining, or are you, would you say that was maybe forty percent, half of your time?We spend quite a lot of our time mining and make our money somewhere else lately. [laughter]But you expect to stay in your mining interests?Oh yeah, well of course, we hope to sell out sometime, we've got a large amount of claims at Telluride Patenting Company, of course it isn't anything that we probably shouldn't get down on this tape because they're not in yet. Quite a few of them in the ski area, quite a lot of them in the area that, no reason why they aren't33
 DWIGHT OLIVERjust as good as Ida Robert's claims, matter of fact, Ida Roberts owns part of that San Juaquin claim, that mine's real close to him then.HH: Oh, I don't think there's any, I think it's of interest with the current situation with vanadium, and uranium area. What are people that have been interested in thisfor quite a period, what are they doing? And what aretheir prospects for the future look like to them?DO: The people that have been in vanadium?HH: Uh-huh.DO: I rather believe most independents--the big companies aredoing them away. That's my opinion.HH: Do you think that's good?DO: Probably good for Union Carbide. (laughter]HH: Is it--I might be pronouncing it incorrectly, I just callit Foote minerals, is it Foote--DO: I don't know, we always call it Foote minerals.HH: Foote minerals. I wonder if there's a possibility ofsomeone coming in and someone big competing with UnionCarbide again?DO: I sure hope so. I'm sure we can get the ore. I swear wecan get the ore. There isn't any question about it. They just haven't been explored, and actually, I don't think Carbide's trying to get ore.HH: They sure look busy over at Uravan, though. 34
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO: HH: DO:They what?They sure looked busy at Uravan.Yeah, but they're not trying to develop any ore. They're trying to get these AEC ore buys, they're not trying on their own, they're hoping to hold other ore to take outfor reserve way on down the line, not trying to get these interesting ore bodies out.You think a real competitor against them might force them to go out and do a little bit more?I don't see why it wouldn't.Uh-huh.I'd very much like to see the competition, very much. I think it's my favorite industry in fact, in this country. You think you might end up one of these days leasing or selling out to Union Carbide?No, I think we'd probably just kind of leak out the new ore companies that aren't patented they'd probably just go by the wayside and eventually would be taken, more likely.You don't have any claims in Utah at this time, is that right?No, we sold them during the first part of the uranium boom, fact we sold them for a grievance sum for $7,500.00. These claims I was telling you about, Steen tried to lease and we never did think much of the claim.HH:DO: HH: DO:HH:DO:HH:DO:35
 DWIGHT OLIVERIt had been three or four days after we made this agreement and we hadn't got any money or anything down on it. We couldn't backed out but they offered us $25,000.00 for them, that was after Steen struck that ore out there, you know, and they'd buy about everything there. We sold out too quick. They hired us to get down there and do the assessment work and we didn't have much faith in the claims, and I don't think they ever produced very much after that, as far as I know.Apparently the tax structure in Utah on reserves is much rougher on the miner or the claim holder than it is in Colorado, is that correct?I'm not familiar with it, but that's what I heard, yes. However, the mining claims assess way too high in Colorado. The San Miguel County has cut the tax down. They've been assessed in at five dollars an acre on non- producing claims, now they've cut it down to two and a half, which I hope will let some of them hold their claims a little longer.HH: A gentleman described to me two nights ago a mine with the reserves worth $150,000 in San Juan county, that he let go of this year, rather than pay the taxes on it. Itwould have run between six and seven thousand dollars. It evidently wasn't worth holding on to at that time with the tax structure.HH:DO:36
 DWIGHT OLIVERDO: I know they have a real rough tax structure in Utah. Idon't understand it. I do of course understand this here in Colorado real well.HH: Because that's where you've been involved in--DO: I've been involved in it, been on the Commission, so I understand it. Of course the Board of Transformations also operated the Board of Citations. So I'm familiarwith it here, but I'm not familiar with it in Utah.HH: Would you think, he said he thought that the taxes here were too high. I started to ask you if you thought it was if the cattleman, rancher was in a better position thanthe miner in Colorado.DO: Well, for instance, these claims that we've got downthere some of the cattle and sheep men that have owned the ground adjoining, we've filed right up to them, they've been paying around a dollar seventy-five or two dollars per acre, that's for total taxes and that would include the oil rights and the uranium rights, everything in most cases. We file claims right up to them when we don't know for certain whether they have anything there or not, just the prospect and they immediately asses us $5.00 an acre on it. It's totally unfair because a lot of this ground that the cattlemen have is leased for oil which they get for a dollar, two, or three dollars anacre per year for the oil rights. 37
 DWIGHT OLIVERHH: For the oil rights, huh?DO: And yet they'll be assessed real reasonable and yet theminer comes along and don't really have any recognizable rights because when he files that deep ground, he's not certain he has ore. And they assess you five dollars an acre to keep them so there have been a lot of dropping claims, things that kind of went down hill a little bit, I'm sure a lot more of them will. But they have this past year cut the assessment to two and a half, with, well, I know some of them says they're going to go ahead and keep their claims that was going to drop them.HH: So again I guess in Colorado as in Utah at least from the miner's point of view he could feel that the tax base is most heavily resting on him.DO: Yeah, I'm very familiar with that and I know the miner in San Miguel County carries a far heavier load than the cattleman does or rancher. In Blanding County there where they had the bid on these shale claims, they come in and they come up there and immediately the cattleman in this case had the claims leased and they paid the tax on the big oil companies that owned the claim, these are patented claims I'm talking about. The cattlemen immediately had to pay the taxes for the use of the turf if you see what I mean. When the raised it, the tax onthe oil companies wasn't confirmed because the stockmen 38
 DWIGHT OLIVERhad to pay the taxes but the stockmen immediately went to the legislature, and the tax commission and just raised the dickens and they got it cut down and yet a miner cansquawk his head out and they won't. Probably I shouldn't say that where you might use it sometime, but it's still a fact.HH: If there were anything--you'll get a copy of this in due time, before anyone sees it other than a typist and if there were anything that you said that you didn't want to say, why you could just cross it out. Or, if there were something you said that against someone that you wished maybe it shouldn't be made public at this point you have a choice of closing that portion of what you said for awhile.DO: Mm-hum. Well, I think that's--HH: So, your partner and you, Frank and you, used to go outand drill together? DO: Oh, yes.HH: And then would you have a couple of other men help you? How many men do you need on that drill?DO: Two. Sometimes just one guy, we had was using it just himself, he had his wife, and you know, this wagon drill one guy could run the drill.HH: Did, that use air?DO: Used air, yeah, used a regular compressor, and was just39
 DWIGHT OLIVERreally a large jackhammer you might say now, but it was just long steel, three hundred foot steel, of course it had a hoist and everything on it, you know, but it drilled real fast.HH: What'd they ever do with it, did it finally break down or something?DO: No, we've still got it. It's working real good.HH: Oh, no kidding? Well, I really can't think of anything specific that I'd like to ask you that we haven't gone into. Perhaps if I come up with something I could come byand just ask you a question or two. I'd appreciate it. DO: Yeah, fine.HH: Thanks very much for talking to me tonight. [END OF INTER VIEW]40