  ALLAN SIMPSONGrand Junction, Colorado Tape No. 97An Interview byClare Engle, Greg Brolin and Richard Gibbs July 28, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground. 1 Cheating on Ore Samples. 6 Drilling on Beaver Mesa. 12Safety in the Mines.AEC's Leasing PolicyUranium Ore ProducersDays at Uravan.Brother's Involvement in Union Carbide Exploration. 2920 A ssociation. 25 2516
 T H E F O L L O W I N G I S A N A T THE HOME OF MR. J U N C T I O N , COLORADOGIBBS. THIS IS PART OF THE URANIUM HISTORY SERIES.GB: First of all I'd like to thank you for inviting us into your home tonight, Rich Gibbs, Clare Engle, and myself would like to ask you a few questions concerning your involvement in the uranium industry. First of all, would you start off by giving us a little bit of your background; where you were born, educated.AS: I was born here in Grand Junction. I was born up on Glade Park actually, and I went to high school here in Grand Junction. I went to Mesa College and then I went to Colorado School of Mines. Then I went to work for Union Carbide at Uravan and then at Rifle. At Rifle I was shift foreman and then mill foreman and then set up a safety program for them.CE: Did you get a degree in engineering from the school of mines?AS: Yes.CE: What field of engineering?AS: Mining, engineer in mines an E.M. degree. And then Iwent to the army for a couple of years and then when I came back I returned and went to work for Union Carbide. And in the meantime my brother Julian Simpson, who was three years younger than I had alsoSIMPSON A T 7 3 0 AND THE DA TE I S INTER VIEWERS ARE CLARE ENGLE, GREGI N T E R V I E W W I T H A L L A N S I M P S O N . WE A R ET U L I P D R I V E , GRAND JUL Y 2 8 , 1 9 7 0 . THE BROLIN AND RICHARD
 ALLAN SIMPSONgraduated from the school of mines and he had gone to work for Union Carbide in Uravan. He was in the mining end of it, whereas I was working in the mill, and he was in charge of their exploration at that time. He was a little discouraged by the attitude that Union Carbide was taking on their exploration. This was in, back in mid '40s?This was in about '50.Oh.CE:AS:CE:AS: '50, and he didn't feel they were nearaggressive enough. You see at that time Union Carbide had everything in here and they had the people and knowledge and all these things. He felt that they weren't looking far enough ahead. That if they'd be more aggressive that there was a lot of properties and so forth that they could develop. So he was quite discouraged with, well they simply wouldn't give him the money and so forth to do what he thought ought to be done. So he suggested that we quit the company and go on our own, which in 1952 we did. And we had some backing from people in Texas. We formed the Simpson Mining Company which was a partnership between him and I. Then we formed a larger joint venture arrangement which is the same as a partnership under an accountant's terms anyway. So we staked quite a2
 ALLAN SIMPSONnumber of claims in the next few years.CE: AS:On the plateau?On the plateau--Uravan and almost all of them were in the Uravan Mineral Belt in the Morrison formation.You were looking specifically for uranium?CE:AS: Right. Uranium and vanadium. Of course, he was quitefamiliar with the area, and so was I because years before I had worked in some of the mines, before I went over to the Colorado School of Mines. So we basically knew what we were looking for and had the background to do it. Of course he was quite familiar with the overall picture and what the AEC was doing and the USGS in various areas. And we staked probably over a thousand claims in about a year, a year and a half. And we proceeded then to do exploration. Primarily because we didn't have the funds, we leased some of them out, sometimes supervising the operations, but we actually leased them out. The AEC or USGS at that time had withdrawn just before the, it had withdrawn land on Beaver Mesa out at Gateway and then they had released it, turned it back. And a lot of people felt that they had turned it back because it wasn't any good. Well, we didn't feel that was their reason. We felt that their reason for turning back was they had too much land and they had3
 ALLAN SIMPSONpressure on them to release it. Shortly thereafter we staked a large part of that mesa, why USGS moved in and started drilling under their exploration program. And at that time a lot of that drilling was 600 feet in depth and nobody had ever touched this kind of drilling. Most of the area up there that was shallower was already staked, so we staked the deeper areas and this is what they were interested in, and then there were various things happened there. We formed a company of about six of us and then we merged with a company which was a penny stock company, Cherokee Utah Uranium out of Salt Lake. At this particular time there were lots of penny stock companies formed out of Salt Lake. There were people that had a setup over there where they could turn one out every two or three days.CE: This was about 1954?AS: Yeah, about in that area. Of course, lots of themnever really had any property or they never had any people with any knowledge. It was basically kind of a pawn game where you turn them out and the insiders dump the stock and make a fast buck. And Cherokee Utah Uranium was similar to that except they did have some properties. They had some from us, but they didn't have the knowhow or the capital, so we merged4
 ALLAN SIMPSONthat with our other company to form a new company which was Beaver Mesa Uranium, Inc. And I became president of the company and operated for awhile from 1955 to well, the company is still in existence, butI resigned as president about a year ago. They're now involved in oil mostly. We produced over five hundred thousand tons of uranium. As far as I know we were probably the biggest independent producer. I mean by independent, not connected with the mills or the--, so forth. And we sold primarily to Union Carbide. We did sell some to VCA and some to Climax but primarily to Union Carbide.CE: Why Union Carbide?AS: Well, we were able generally to make better dealswith them. We were, of course, familiar with the people that worked at Union Carbide and had basically more confidence in them simply because we knew them. We'd worked with them. My brother and I had worked with quite a number of them. And also it was a matter of location. Uravan plant was closer to our major mines which were on Beaver Mesa and then they were all over to Rifle from there, too. So it worked out fairly well.RG: You mentioned that you were shift boss at Uravan M ill.5
 ALLAN SIMPSONAS: No, at the Rifle mill.RG: Were you familiar with Mr. Pembridge then?AS:RG:Yes, yes, I was there when he came to work for the company.Well, we asked him, I'll ask you the same question I asked him then. Many of the miners on the plateau were independent miners then, and I'm sure that you have seen both sides of this now, have complained that the large companies such as USVC, VCA and Climax have cheated on the ore samples when they sold their products, their uranium ore to the mills. I was wondering if you had any comment on this. If there's any basis in fact.I know a great deal during this period on both sides. I originally, when I went to work for Union Carbide, bought ore for the government from Uravan. I ran the sampling plant. I ran the sampling plant at Rifle; I redid the sampling plant at Thompson where Union Carbide used to buy ore. I think probably, in fact, our ore was bought by Union Carbide at Slick Rock at one time, and I was down there. The man who was in charge of the sampling plant was also bringing in the most ore to that plant. At that time they were buying this vanadium. As I recall, they bought about five thousand tons of ore there and they paid the minersAS:6
 ALLAN SIMPSONfor about three and a half percent vanadium and when they hauled it into Uravan it went less, just over two. There, there's been lots of--in fact, it got so bad before they had automatic samplers that sometimes the truckload of ore would come in and if he put the sample in the corner and then dumped the truck fast then they couldn't, they would catch it by hand and putting it in a wheelbarrow, and big rocks would knock the shovel out of your hand and you couldn't take the sample until you got down to the end and you had the ore in that corner and that's all you'd get. Then it got so bad to where they brought the sample in a sack because they didn't want to take any chance on it. So there's, and there were lots of cases of fraud from that standpoint. The problem, I worked for the company, and we've had arguments with, well with Union Carbide as to the sampling. It wasn't so much a matter of honesty, but we felt that at times their methods were not good. For instance a moisture sample--one thing I objected to--they were taking amoisture sample and were taking it in by hand with a milk can with a small top on it. Well, most of the moisture is in the fines, and some of our ore was rather coarse where you couldn't get any of the coarse in the can. So you end up with fines which7
 ALLAN SIMPSONruns up the moisture. Well, this was, I don't think this was really deliberate. I think it was just a matter of it was easy for them to do it that way. But it produced an inaccurate result as far as I was concerned, and they basically agreed. However, sampling was, a lot of times, a sampler, if your ore is dry a lot of the fines can blow away and the dust, and oftentimes the fines are the best part. But in all, I can honestly say, and I've worked for Union Carbide for a long time that nobody ever instructed me or I never instructed any of the people working for me to try to cheat anybody. The instructions were to get to the right answers to the best of your ability. I mean the company was not interested in paying more than they were getting, but they were also interested in getting it right. I think where the complaints oftentimes come, and I find this is.real common in examining properties or--a guy will bring in a sample and it will be beautiful sample, but when he brings his load in it isn't the same as his sample. And this' is real common. When he brings you a sample he picks one out. When he shoots the ore he shoots everything and that's what you get. So Idon't ever think there was any deliberate intent on the part of the big companies to cheat the miners in8
 ALLAN SIMPSONthe sampling. I think there were probably times when they did get cheated. There were times when the miners cheated the--well, to give you an example, I won't tell you who it was, but when I was first buying ore down at Uravan I was stockpiling this ore and sampling it and then stockpiling it in eachindividual pile. Some loads came in there, and the samples ran, and this incidentally we were just buying vanadium, and usually on that you can tell by looking by the darkness and so forth what it ought to run. And it ran so much higher than I thought it should that I just couldn't understand it. I went and hand sampled the piles again and I got about what I thought it ought to be, not what I was getting on my run through the sampler. So I decided the next time this man brought in a load I would just watch him. So I watched him, and he, he didn't go near the darn thing. And finally somebody else came up to talk, and I went down to where the sample's coming off, and there was his kid who couldn't have been over five years old. He was standing there throwing high grade sample out of his pockets. I hollered to the old man and he came down, and he cuffed the kid and said, "You just can't tell what kids will do these days." [laughter] So this kind of thing was a two way street9
 ALLAN SIMPSONI think. Except that, I don't think that companies deliberately cheated anybody. It wasn't really worthwhile, but how do you really do this from a company standpoint. I mean here's the thing where it breaks down. I mean if I'm in charge of a mill, do I tell a guy, a sampler, "Now, I want these guys cheated when they come in." I mean, I don't think he can do that. I don't think he can get away with it.CE: You'd have to keep two sets of books for one thing. AS: Well, and not only that, but you've got an employee. He might get mad at you tomorrow. He might be, youknow, I just don't think you can do it. Now they might have method at times that was not giving a correct sample, I mean this is entirely possible, but it was usually a mechanical situation. It just wasn't satisfactory.GB: Are you familiar with the Uranium Ore Producers A ssociation?AS: Yes.GB: Were you ever a member of that?AS: Yes.GB: Am I correct then in assuming that was one of their,their biggest gripes, was the lack of AEC regulationfor such a long time on stuff like that.AS: A lot of times this hand sampling did not produce10
 ALLAN SIMPSONgood results, and a lot of their bitches about it I think were unjustified. But the AEC, they finally ran loads of ore around, and they'd run them through various samplers and see if they could get the sameresults. And there was some variance. But oftentimes in sampling, like you're shipping five thousand tons a month, even in assays you find they run up and down. For years we took a little advantage of Union Carbide in that, because of their system. In other words, we'd assay, and now this is after we had the sample. We checked our sample, and if they had run it too high, we'd ignore it. If it was too low, we'd make them rerun it. Well, this gives you your basic advantage in sampling. I mean if their sample ran.35, and we had our assayer and he only got .30, we'd ,say, well, we might as well take theirs. But if the reverse was true, then we'd say that ours was higher and we wanted to send it to umpire. Well, this givesyou a basic advantage. Now later we had an agreement with them where everyone of them was rerun, but if they varied a certain amount either way. That is, they would run a sample, and then our assayer would run it, and then we would compare them and if they were off a certain amount we would send them to umpire which is a fairer deal. But this kind of an11
 ALLAN SIMPSONassaying procedure alone, when we were shipping five or six thousand tons a month could amount to several thousand dollars a month with variances or adjustments.In your years working with uranium did you ever apply for a lease from the Atomic Energy Commission?No, never did. They were rather difficult to get without political pressure and we didn't happen to have that.Explain that. Why would they be difficult to get?I'm not sure how they awarded them to this day. Did you ask the AEC how they awarded them?Yes, we have. You mentioned on your property that you had on Beaver Mesa that USGS did some drilling.Yes.After it had been returned to the public domain?GB:AS:CE: AS:RG:AS:RG:AS: See, they withdrew it, then it was returned to thepublic domain. Then we staked it. Then they came inand drilled it. RG: Un huh.AS: That was the sequence.RG: What type of drilling did they do on your land? AS: Diamond drilling.RG: Uh huh. and you mentioned it was to 600 feet.AS: Yes.12
 ALLAN SIMPSONRG: AS: RG:And this was all in the Salt Wash Morrison.All on the Salt Wash.Did they do any other fieldwork, or had they done anyfieldwork before this or--?AS: They had made some studies, yes, I think. They had iton their, well, we were reasonably sure that they were considering this area, and the reason being is that there was surrounding production around the rimsin this area, and in Fisher's Mineral Belt, he projected it through this deeper stuff, and we felt it had a potential. It was a question of we were almost reasonably certain that ore would occur there. The question would be whether it would be economic, whether it would be big enough lots. And actually some of those bodies there, oh, about as good as any found in the Salt Wash in both grade and size.GB: You mentioned Fisher. Is this Richard Fisher, Dick Fisher of the USGS?AS: Uh huh. So I think the USGS always had that ground under scrutiny so to speak. That's why they originally withdrew it. And then there was so much pressure put on them for withdrawing so much land, they figured this was deep so they turned that back, and then later, I assume, I don't know it came topass, why they decided to go in and drill it, but it 13
 ALLAN SIMPSONactually was one of their more productive programs. They had some that weren't too productive.RG: Do you think anybody had any prior knowledge that might have leaked from the USGS about what type of land this was. á Was there any problem staking it? Was there a big rush?AS:- No. Nobody was interested in it except us. In fact they all came up and laughed at us when we were staking it. "The idiots staking 600 feet in the ground." They quit laughing though when they moved about seventeen rigs on it. Which was only, as I recall, .four or five months after we'd staked it. But I don't think there was any prior leaks or information. I know that we didn't have it. It was based primarily on my brother's study. In fact, this was one of the reasons that he quit Union Carbide because John Hill wouldn't .give him five thousand dollars to stake Beaver Mesa when he felt it was essential that they stake it.RG: What type of mining did you use on this? Did you drift into it or sink a shaft or--?AS: Well, we had two shafts and a drift. We had three separate producing areas.RG: How deep were these shafts?AS: Well, they were sunk down under the rim. See, they14
 ALLAN SIMPSONwere sunk down lower and then drifted back under the deeper stuff. One was a little over 400 feet and the other was about 367, one was 425. But they were set down below and then drifted back under the mesa.GB: Were your mines ever inspected by Public Health authorities or the AEC?AS: Oh, yeah. They were inspected by the Bureau of Mines primarily. I don't think the Public Health ever, I don't think they had any facilities at that time to inspect mines. The AEC was, they weren't there for inspecting. They were there to compile ore reserves primarily. To the best of my knowledge they never made any safety recommendations. I mean if they were that was not the purpose. I mean, they might say, "That rock's about to fall," but this wasn't their prime purpose. Theirs was to gather information on your mining methods and mostly what your reserves were.RG: How often did the AEC come around to check on this? Once a year or--?AS: Oh, they were continually around the area. I don't think they had--but they did try to keep fairly close track of reserves. And oftentimes they were not too successful. They told us once that we couldn't mine any more out of that shaft because according to their15
 ALLAN SIMPSONreserves it was all gone.CE: What safety measures did you take in your mines, since there were no restrictions upon you?AS: Well, there were restrictions. The Bureau of Mines in Colorado has been in business a long time inspecting. You have to notify them and have for clear back in the 1800s whenever you open a mine. They send out somebody to inspect them and they have a booklet covering rules and procedure of almost all proper underground operations in detail.CE: There was nothing mentioned about ventilation, for instance.AS: Oh, yes. Sure, well, in the first place, now in the old days--I've even done it--they used to dry drill. They worry about a little radiation now. You ought to try that sometime. Actually that was against the Colorado code from way back.CE: They knew about silicosis before they knew about radiation.AS: Yeah, silicosis was the major problem then. They weren't concerned with radiation. And that's what the bureau was primarily concerned with back in those days, was enough ventilation to prevent dust or silicosis.CE: Uh huh.16
 ALLAN SIMPSONAS: They weren't concerned at all about radiation.RG: How often did Bureau of Mines check your mines?AS: Oh, it was a varying schedule and depended somewhaton the size of your mines. I venture to say there's a lot of small ones they didn't get around to more than maybe twice a year. But ours, it seemed 1ike they were there every week. They kept pretty close. One time we had, oh, I suppose sixty-five men or something like that, and then there were other mines up there, so it was kind of an easy location to check.RG: Uh huh.AS: And it also, you know, the more men you have the morechance for action. That's the way people felt they probably could produce more working in bigger mines rather than, you go way down in the tulies somewhere, and tell a couple miners what not to do, you know before you leave that they're going to do as they damn please anyway, just as soon as you leave. So you don't really accomplish much. Where in a bigger mine, why, you can more or less enforce your, make your recommendations and come back and see that theyshould be done.GB: Did they ever make any recommendations to you?AS: Oh, yes. Every time they make a trip it's a matter17
 ALLAN SIMPSONof--oh, they used to have an actual sheet that they filled out that they checked off, a whole list of things and made. Well, I mean different inspectors were different. Some were tougher; some were new. Sometimes the regulations would force you to do something that was more dangerous than what you were already doing. I mean it was a matter of understanding. The older inspectors understood the rules and mine safety. Some of the younger fellows all they could read was what was in the book. Well, sometimes, in a particular situation, why, for some reason it's not the best way to do it. But they inspected everything, 1ike storage of powder, your belts on your shaft, your partitions, your cables, oh, your ventilation, where you go barring down, how your timbering was, where you stored your caps, how you handled your powder, what the length of your fuses were, how you lit your rounds, how many shots you were lighting at once, if you were using lighting instead of electrics. Oh, there were a myriad ofthings, the guards on the fans. They were quitethorough in their inspections, I felt.RG: When did you first become aware of the radon---?---danger?AS: Back in about '48, when I went into safety work in18
 ALLAN SIMPSONUnion Carbide, why they sent us over to Salt Lake for a three-day. Dr. Holladay--is that the right name? He gave a three hour, I mean a three-day instructionsymposium on mostly dealing with results that they found in Czechoslovakia, the old, they didn't know very much about it, of course, and they didn't have very good testing devices. But they did know that continual procedure at who knows what levels would eventually in some people, produce lung cancer.CE: Four hundred years ago this was, this has been a problem or was a problem.AS: Of course, I don't know what the radiation limits are. But I know, to me, if they're complaining about tailings or something under the house, to me it becomes quite ridiculous because I've worked and seen men work at six hundred thousand levels for long periods. Well, if you lived in one of these houses for a thousand years you wouldn't get as much as a guy would get in one day in that. So you can understand why I'm not too concerned. I don't happen to have any of those tailings under my house, but I don't think I'd be too concerned if they were. But Ithink that these radiation limits that they set--who knows what is dangerous? But there was no way in our mines that you could have gotten them down that low,19
 ALLAN SIMPSONas low as the specs are now. There's no way. If you blew that much air through there, It would blow rocks as big as baseballs, it might be awful safe if you didn't go in there. But you couldn't go in because of the rocks. Well, what often happens in this ventilation, in the wintertime, like we'd set up fans. Well, when it's cold you start blowing that cold air, the first thing your miners are going to do is shut it off. The fact is, most the miners will tell you, "I'd damn sight rather get radiation than I would get pneumonia, because that will kill me tomorrow." I mean this is the general attitude. No miner's going to work in a cold blast of air just to protect him from radiation. He isn't that afraid of it, or at least he wasn't back in those days. We didn't know about radiation--we knew it was a problem, but we didn't know what exactly it was.GB: As a member of the Uranium Ore Producer's Association, did you feel that the Atomic Energy Commission could either make or break an independent by granting him a lease?AS: Oh, absolutely. They could make him a millionaire by giving him the right lease.GB: What parts of the AEC policy do you find the most, oh, aggravating to you, or did you?20
 ALLAN SIMPSONAS: Well, the arbitrary way, the way, well, for instance,GB:AS: GB: AS:GB:in my opinion, they arbitrarily issued some of their leases to people who had no mining background. They had nothing. They just had a way to get leases, which was a good business.In the 1955 hearings on this leasing program, it was charged that such companies as Barkley and Ortmeier had no experience in that, in that--That's correct.--field, and I was wondering if that was true.That's true. I know Ortmeier. It's good business, though, if you get them. How they got them though, I don't know. Judge Hughes got some, too, or was asking some.How did you feel about the large parcels of land which were given to USVC from which to construct a mill and then USVC would in turn sublet, eight or nine of these to eight or nine individual contractors. How did you feel about that? Did you feel that perhaps those eight or nine could be given to independent operators in the first place.Well, it depended on the situation as to whether it was drilled out ore or what the situation was. If they gave them a large parcel and then they had to drill it, why, it's an entirely different situationAS:21
 ALLAN SIMPSONthan if it was already developed. But sometimes, for instance, Union Carbide would hire contractors, but they oftentimes paid for the development work and furnished the capital for the operations. Lots of the contractors and independents were not capable of doing their own drilling. I mean financially capable- -maybe they had the knowledge to drive their own drift or sink a shaft or--these are things necessary to get into production.GB: However, the shallow deposits could have been handled by--AS: The shallow deposits could have.GB: During the late '40s and early '50s the Atomic EnergyCommission was criticized as being very incompetent and not having enough feel for the uranium business. To what extent do you agree or disagree?AS: Oh, I completely agree. They were entirely incompetent. The USGS was incompetent in my opinion. They got better as they went along. They left for instance, on Beaver Mesa for this--well, to give you an example, when they first started drilling upthere, they were drilling 600 foot holes which were costing them, I don't remember the exact cost, but they were anywhere from seven to ten to twelve dollars a foot for this initial drilling. After we22
 ALLAN SIMPSONgot our mines in operation we ran, we did some contracting drilling. We also ran one drill ourselves continually, one surface drill. Now we got our costs down around sixty-five cents and this included payinga driller with his bonuses of over a thousand dollars a month. So we weren't saving on wages. It was a matter of efficiency. And of course, their cost, this was just a drilling cost. By the time they got done with their overall cost, God only knows what it cost per foot. So I would say they were highly inefficient. But there again they had people that didn't--had to learn, I guess. The AEC was really worse than USGS because a lot of their, I mean USGS people had had a lot of experience drilling, maybe not in uranium but in other things. A lot of the AEC people, I don't know where they got their experience. Not that they didn't develop people and so forth eventually, but in the initial stages they were quite inefficient. Eventually they got people that understood what they were doing and eventually did a good job. Like all government projects, I always think they cost a lot more. Just like they just now cut their staff over here. I can't figure out what they're doing, maybe you can. But every time I go over there you've got to hunt all over the place for23
 ALLAN SIMPSONsomebody. They're all just in groups. Nobody seems to be doing anything, but this is the nature of it.I don't want to, I just have one more question on the leases. I don't want to dwell on them any longer. Was it a common feeling among the independent miners that the, somehow the awarding of these leases had something to do with pull from Washington rather than a Grand Junction office?Well, I think the general, I don't know whether I believe that ,or not, but I think the consensus of opinion was that you had to have pull from somewhere to get them, whether it was locally or at a higher level. Whether this is actually true I really don't know how they awarded them. But the people that got them didn't seem to be as qualified as a lot of other people that were available and that had the knowledge and the background and the financial ability to develop it. Most of the people that got them had the financial ability to develop, but they didn't necessarily have the mining background.áCE: So there was resentment?AS: Oh, I think there was.GB: In your opinion, would men like Mr. Day and Mr.Bosley have been qualified and financially capable of--?GB:AS:24
 ALLAN SIMPSONAS: I would think so. I don't know why they wouldn't be.Howard Bosley spent his whole life, ore buyer. I knowHoward quite well, He was a friend of Dad's.RG: What was the main purpose of the organization of the independent miners, or the Uranium Ore Producer'sA ssociation?AS: Oh, to try to get more money for their ore and to getGB:AS:GB: AS:CE:AS: CE: AS:CE:better handling of it, better sampling.A bargaining agent for the independents.Yes, I think so.To what extent did it achieve its goal?Oh, I think it was fairly successful. I think it forced the mills. It brought enough pressure that they did correct some situations that needed correcting.I'm interested in your days at Uravan. Will you talk about that? I'm going to spend three days down there next week, and the more preparation I get the more comfortable I'll feel. When were you there?Oh, I was there in '43.For a year?Oh, I was there about six or eight months. Of courseyears before I was there, but I wasn't there very long. I went in the army from there.You were there when John Hill was there?25
 ALLAN SIMPSONAS: CE: AS:CE: AS: CE:AS:Yeah.He was there from about I think '36 to about '42. Well, he was there longer than that, because he was still there when I was there and I guess I left in'44 and he was still there then.Did you have your family with you?I didn't have a family.You didn't have a family. So you lived in a boarding house?No, I lived in the staff house. And they had the boarding house. That's when the army was in there. John Hill and I, I think, we were the only ones that weren't working for the army. Everybody else worked for the army.What was the army doing there?Well, they took over these plants and ran them during the--Metals reserve period.Metals reserve.Pushing the production of vanadiumeAnd uranium.But you weren't aware of that then were you? I was.Were you?Oh, yes.CE: AS:CE: AS: CE: AS: CE:AS: CE: AS:26
 ALLAN SIMPSONCE: Why were you aware?AS:The reason I was aware, well, I knew they were producing uranium, but the other thing they were buying this ore. But we were only buying the vanadium, but we also wanted to know how much uranium was in it.I see.And I ran the samples for the uranium. Handled it. We only paid for vanadium. We oniy put that on the sample sheets that the ore people selling ore brought us.But the Metals Reserve Company consisted at Uravan, at least, of military people?Oh, yes. Uravan had, sure we had a major in there running it. We used to call him "God Almighty" and we had a second lieutenant who we called "Jesus Christ." They didn't know from nothing, and they were trying to run that place. And they thought army personnel could do it. They worked in the mill.They worked in the mill?Uh huh.So Uravan was--Well, Union Carbide, of course, was U. S. Vanadium then, was running it, but they were running it strictly under the army.CE: AS:CE:AS:CE: AS: CE: AS:27
 ALLAN SIMPSONCE: As an agent for Metals Reserve Company.AS: Yeah, Metals Reserve, they swung a big stick aroundhere for awhile. All their security and running the plants and this and that. And they'd hire anybody that walked down the yard and put him right in the uranium the first day. If you'd ask any questions you couldn't even get through the gate.CE: All of the people who lived there then were military people? There weren't any--?AS: No, no, they just brought in some military people. See, they had trouble getting labor during some of that period and that's what--. The officers and so forth were supposed to be supervising it. That is, really, USV was working for them under their supervision and they had the final say. The problem is, of course, they really didn't know what they were trying to do so they were quite dependent on USVpersonnel, but they still had the final say. They were just doing it under a cost plus deal. They would do whatever they wanted to do. But they did bring in some army personnel just to work around the plants and so forth, because of the shortage of labor.CE: Was the army at any other facilities? AS: They were at Rifle.CE: They were at Rifle, too.28
 ALLAN SIMPSONRG: When you worked at Union Carbide during this period,AS: RG: AS:GB:AS:CE:RG:AS: CE: AS:were you aware of the Union Mines DevelopmentCompany?Yeah.Did you know what they were doing or--?Not really. They were, I just assumed were, trying to acquire properties, was about all I know.Did you know they were a subsidiary, technically, of Union Carbide?No, not at that time, I didn't. I think I was actually gone in the army when the Union Mines did most of their work.Is there anything else you'd like to tell us about your work in the industry. Anything else that would contribute to someone who's interested in pursuing this?Uh, I have a question. You mentioned that your brother was in charge of explorations in Union Carbide. I was wondering if, does he live in the area still or--?He lives in Reno right now.Sorry I didn't tell you that. Mr. ---?--- told me. That's a good place for someone to go. He went to Hawaii a couple years and then he went to San Francisco. But just this last year he went to Reno.29
 ALLAN SIMPSONRG: How long was he in charge of the Union Carbideexploration?AS: Not very long. He was pretty young then. Oh, let'ssee, two or three years. I don't know that he was in charge all of that time. I know he was in charge when he quit.RG: I don't believe I have any further questions. Thank you very much Mr. Simpson.AS: Uh huh.CE: Did you want to add something? AS: No.CE: No, okay.AS: That's enough.CE: Thank you.AS: I do too much talking.[END OF T APE]30