 CLAUDE E . NUGENT Blanding, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUranium History Project Tape No. 124 August 6, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Background . .. . 1 ¥ ¥ 3 ¥ ¥ 33TABLE OF CONTENTSPacktrain to Remote Areas in IdahoGraduates in Engineering at Univ. of Idaho.Work for Callahan Co. in Idaho . . .Operating Partnership in Lead/Zinc Mine inCoeur d'Alene District ................. 4Moves to Utah for Uranium Prospecting ......... 5 Government Reserve Around Uravan, CO .......... 7Navajo Miners . . . .Becomes Independent.Mining the Monde Butte Formation . . . . . . . Wyoming . . . .9 . . 11 13 20 21 25 Ventilation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26 Mine Inspections . 27 Cost of Drilling. 31Mining Camps . . . Mining Equipment.
 THIS I S AN INTERVIEW FOR THE URANIUM INDUSTRY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT , JOINTLY SPONSORED BY THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH ANDISSS: Now, Mr. Nugent, would you begin by telling me something about your background, how old you are and what part of the country you're from?CN: My personal background? My personal background, you mean? SS: Y es.CN: How old I am?SS: Y es.CN: I'm fifty-six. And I was born and raised in Northern Idaho, the Coeur d'Alene mining district. I went to school at the University of Idaho, have a degree in mining engineering. Been mining all my life.ss: So, ah, You had an interest in mining very early I imagine being from that area?CN: Oh yes, yes. Worked in the mines as an engineer and as a laborer and operated properties. Mostly in operation.SS: Could you tell me a little bit about the Coeur D'Alene area, what minerals, what type of mining is done there.CN: It's all vein type mining; lead, zinc, silver. ss: Uranium?CN: No, uranium.ss: No uranium.CN: There has been recorded in the currents in one of the properties up there, but, they've never developed it orCALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE AT FULLERTON . SUZANNE SIMONI NTERVIEWING CLAUDE E . NUGENT AT HIS HOME AT 70 CONTINENTAL IN BLANDING, UTAH, ON AUGUST 6TH, 1970.
 CLAUDE E . NUGENT mined it.SS: CN:SS: CN:SS:CN:Was your family involved in mining before you came--In a mild, in a mild way, yes. My father worked around the mills for years.Uh huh. Did he do any prospecting as a young man?Oh yes he did. He was fortunate enough to join the silver rush in Nevada in 1905 or '06, around in there. He saw some of the towns. And when he first came to the Coeur D'Alene district it was pretty young also, 1895.Did you as a family go with him on any of these prospecting ventures or trips?You might say so. We has some claims in central Idaho. My father had them before I was born and until we were of age he had to do his assessment work each year and wewould accompany him at the edge of the wilderness area. SS: Those must have been very exciting trips for a boy.CN: Oh yes, it was.SS: Well, tell me about them?CN: Oh, you don't want to hear that.SS: Oh I'd like to hear how it was done. I really would. CN: How what was done?SS: How the, ah, how you would get there, what type of assessment work you did.CN: These were mostly ---?--- claims they had. It was in quite a remote area. We had to get there by packtrain,2
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTabout fifteen miles from the nearest store even, packing in over trails, everything we had; all our groceries all our supplies, and machines we used would go in by packtrain. Very rugged country. Heavily timbered, virgin timber, lots of water, seasons limited to about three months in the summertime. There was still snow on the passes in the middle of July. Then it would start snowingSS:CN: SS:CN:SS:again in September, October.Is the assessment requirement in Idaho similar to the 100 dollar assessment per year that is --Oh yes that's federal law.That's a federal law. And did these claims ever prove fruitful?They never did. They had problems they couldn't overcomewithout heavy equipment and as I said there was no road and it was all hand work. Went very slowly.So when you finished high school you went onto college and got your degree in mining. Then where did you beginwhen you were out and working?CN: Where'd I begin work?SS: Uh huh.CN: I went to work for Callahan Co. A large corporationheadquartered in New Y ork.SS: Doing engineering?CN: Not exactly--it was little of everything, digging ditch3
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTand working underground and at that time there seemed to be a surplus of mining engineers so we took whatever was offered.And through this connection you were working directly with mines and mining?Yes I have ever since I graduated.Uh huh. And ah--Very little for---?--- mostly as a leaser and operator. How long were you with them before--?ss:CN: SS: CN: SS: CN:SS: CN:SS: CN:I was with Callahan Co. for about seven months then they closed the mine and then--Was this in Idaho?This is in Idaho, yes. A group of employees took a lease on the property and we operated after that for three and a half years reducing zinc to lead ore.And was there a mill in the immediate vicinity?No, we had to haul our ore to a custom--it was 10 miles to the nearest custom mill. What are you getting a history of the Coeur D'Alene district here, a personal history or--?SS: Well we're getting a history of people involved in the uranium industry and your mineral background before you became interested in uranium is of interest and very likely this has some bearing on your later involvement with uranium. Would you think this is an accurate4
 CLAUDE E . NUGENT assumption?CN: Oh it certainly was. If we hadn't been in the mining business we shouldn't be down here looking for uranium.SS: Well, tell me how and why and so forth that you did come down to this area and look for uranium.CN: We were operating lead zinc mines in Idaho, in the Coeur D'Alene district from 1938 until 1953. At that time the metal price dropped so low that it wasn't profitable to operate any longer so even with ore reserves left we had to close the mines. So we came down to this country. Looking for something that could be produced at a profit.Ss: When you say we do you mean your family or a group of businessmen?CN: No, we operated as a partnership in Idaho, three of us and the three of us came down looking.SS: May I ask the names of these besides yourself who were the other two?CN: Dunem Bell, ---?--- Nortgard.SS: And then did you continue as partners in---?---CN: For only a short time afterwards.SS: When you came in '52 did you just start prospecting? CN: No, this is '54.SS: Oh, excuse me, '54.CN: We spent a year looking over the area becoming acquaintedwith the occurrence of uranium. Like ten thousand other5
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTpeople were doing.SS: And when you did begin to locate claims; in what areas did you find and stake?CN: We attained a small group of claims on Beaver Mesa, drilled them, found nothing so we abandoned them. We took a lease on another group of claims near Moab. That would be, let me get my directions straight down the river from Moab. We explored the property, found some ore, mined it for about a year in a small way.ss: Ah, what were the claim names there, what was the group name?CN: I don't remember ---?--- groups of claims, it's not important to me.SS: Now in that area were you mining the shinarump or one of the members of the moss--CN: The moss back formationSS: Moss back.CN: The moss back in direct contact with the Moenkopi, the-?---mossback and the top of the Moenkopi. ---?--- SS: Now was the operation in conjunction with your other,CN:SS:CN:your partners.Yes it was at that time.You say that you produced ore there for about a year? Or it took you a year to --We spent about a year at the property, produced ore over 6
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTa period of about two or three months.SS: And where did you ship your ore?CN:SS:CN: SS:CN: SS:CN:Some went to Monticello, the Monticello Mill. Some of it went into Moab I believe, they had a big---?--- at Moab. Ah, you, I believe that you said that you leased that claim and also one on Viva Mesa, ah, did you stake any claims yourself?No.No, you were more interested in leasing and producing ore than prospecting?Yes, it's true.Ah, did you feel in '54 after you surveyed the field and what-have-you that most of the claims had been staked? No, there were thousands of claims staked, of course not all the mineralized areas were covered. You have to understand during the early fifties there was quite a rush in this Colorado Plateau area; all outcrops, possibly---?--- they were staked when we came out. A large part of the area particularly around Uravan was withdrawn by the government as a government reserve. Various scattered areas in this country that were withdrawn. Most of those haven't been released.They're still under the withdrawal?Still under AEC.Uh huh. Well to continue with following your interest inss: CN: SS:7
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTthese early days, ah, after you gave up the lease did you mine out the lease there down the river from Moab or what was your reason for leaving it?CN: The ore was too thin, the value just didn't pay expenses, that's the usual reason for dropping. And from there we went down to Arizona and we had a lease on two Navajo tracks south of Mexican Hat. These were tracks that had been developed or had been---?--- and we took leases on them. We developed the ore, mined it out.SS: Ah, what were the names of those mines?CN: Neither one of them had names, one was called Track IIand one was called Track 17.SS: Ah, what kind of an ore body did you have there to workwith?CN: I'm not certain whether you could call that shinarump ornot. We consider the shinarump as a piece of unit on the Chinle formation ---?--- channel ---?--- The ore occurred there again at the base of the Moss Back formation.ss: Did that Moss Back formation give you any particular mining problem?CN: Not at all the Moss Back is a very competent formation. Hard sand stones usually.SS: And that made for a safe---?---.CN: Yes, it did. Very little support in this area underground.8
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTSS: And were you following channels?CN: Yes, these were channels, concentrations in the channels.Urivites themselves were uliptical.SS: I was going to ask if the lease that you had there on thereservation was directly from the tribal council or wasit from one of the large companies in the area?CN: It was through the Phillips Petroleum, exploration branch of Phillips, I believe. It had leases with the tribal council had developed these ore bodies, they were toosmall for them to fool with.SS: Ah, when you were, I understand that when any mining isdone on the reservation that you are required to hire, if you hire labor it has to be a certain amount of Indian Labor?CN: Yes, that's true.SS: And did you--CN: Oh yes, practically all our employees were Navajos.ss: Uh huh. And how did you find then as miners?CN: Very good. We've hired Navajos in this area largely andthey're very good miners. Away from the reservation they're very reliable. On the reservation not quite so much.SS: Ah, do you say that these particular leases that you had were perhaps too small for a large scale operation to --CN: Yes, that's true--9
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTss: --mine profitably. Can you tell me just what sort oforganization you did have for developing the ore?CN: What sort of organization we had?SS: Well, yes how many employees did you have and --CN: This is rather complex. I told you we were a parternshipfor years, I don't know, as a parternship we incorporated and became merely stockholders instead of partners. When we came down to this country it was as mining company with stockholders, we controlled it.SS: What was the name of your company?CN: Mascot Mines, the name has been changed since but MascotMines Incorporated. When we came to this country we worked in conjunction with a neighboring company, Sidney Mining Company. And as joint adventures we operated this property---?--- Moab and the two leases in Arizona.ss: Ah, did you--how did you handle your stock? I hardly know how to ask, did you lease out large blocks of stock to get capital for developing your mines or was your stock, ah, can you explain how it would be handled? Did you issue penny stocks for instance?CN: No, we made a public offering several years before that to develop our Idaho properties. As I can recall it was our neighboring company---?--- in this area to put up the cash to do the work.SS: You mentioned that the Navajo, the reservations claim had 10
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTalready been developed but this a very expensive operation to further mine these or were your costs fairly low.The exploration was certainly expensive. The initial costCN:SS:CN: SS:CN:SS: CN: SS:CN:of developing this property was rather high. You expect that, you think of a shaft two hundred feet to get to the ore body and by the time we had done the initial development, equipment, building a camp we were---?--- a few thousand dollars---?---.Did the AEC assist you at all with the exploratory drilling or any---?---No, we had no help at all.And what about roads, was it necessary to build roads into theWell, the road had already been put in there for exploration purposes.Uh huh.We had to maintain the road though.Ah, then how long did you work the--hold the lease on those properties.I left before the mines were worked out. I left and became independent.SS: Ah--CN: Do you want to contribute anything (chuckle)?ss: Ah, what was the reason for your making your decision for11
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTyour going out on your own at that time?CN:ss:CN:SS: CN:ss: CN:ss:CN: SS:CN: SS:CN:The ore bodies were developed, it was a routine operation doing the mining and I wanted to become independent.So, you began, ah, on your own and tell me how you did that?I put in a bid as a contractor for developing property in the Elk Ridge area.And ahI was successful in my bids and I began to develop property. It was property owned or leased rather by Newmont Mining Corporation.Newmont?Newmont, you've probably heard of it, it's one of the largest mining corporations in the world.Do you recall what claim that was, what the mine's name was?It's always been referred to as the New Verde Mine.So you were successful in obtaining the lease. Can you give me--?I didn't have a lease I had a development contract.A development contract? Well, maybe you'd better explain to me because obviously I don't know the difference between a lease and a development contract.Newmont had the lease on the property. They paid for all the development on contract basis. I submit the bid, so12
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTmuch per foot for sinking an incline shaft. So much aSS: CN:SS:CN: SS: CN:foot for cross-cutting and drifting beneath that ore body. This is all in preparation for mining. Once the development was completed the company did the mining. Oh, I see.And I worked as an employee for the company for several months. They closed their own operation and signed their leases to me as an individual and I continued to operate. Ah, can you tell me something about what type of mining of the ore that was there?What type of ore body?Yes, the formation andIts a Monde Butte formation, its a basil unit of the Chinle. Just 1ike the Shinarump, the Shinarump could possibly lie beneath the Monde Butte. Monde Butte extends from the moss back to the Moenkopi. Whether it be Shinarump present it would fill the channels at the basin of Monde Butte. It's a localized formation, very seldom hear the name except in this particular area.---?--- themining.Ah, what were the particular problems that were involved with the mining operation?No problems at all.SS:CN:ss: No problems at all, my goodness that was a rare onewasn't it?13
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTCN: The only problem was support. The Monde Butte formationis largely leadstone, ---?---consolidated---?---. With a basil sandstone unit in it's very erratic. ---?--- right at the base or near the base. So round support was a problem.ss: Well, did you channel, make a channel your drift in the Moenkopi and then ah --CN: Our original development was in the Moenkopi, 30 to 40 feet below the Monde Butte formation. There were three separate ore bodies developed by drilling outlined. We had target area---?---. We drove crosscuts under each ore body and put raises up to the ore. Mounted large slushers and rigged everything toward the base. It was a ---?--- and pillar type of mining, we modified it for our own particular needs. It's a retreat system where you run drifts, or scrams as we call them, launch them into the ore body and periodically put out short drifts to the limits in the ore body at right angles, we call slots.Everything is slushed into the central base. It's a retreating system.---?--- limits of the ore all around, we start pulling in the pillars a lot of it decayed---?-behind. And retreat to the base. It worked very successfully in this mine. By using timber---?--- and pillars and cribbing we had very good control of theground. We had I would guess better than 95% recovery of 14
 CLAUDE E . NUGENT the ore.SS: What did your ore assay there?CN: Quite a variation of course. We used a cutoff of tenhundredths; the average ore grade from my operation wasaround 30 hundredths.SS: Ah, does that ore, is that ore in conjunction with thecopper that you find?CN: No, there's no copper. There's no vanadium, vanadium wasvery low, 2 or 3 hundredths, it's not a factor; the onlyelement of any value was the uranium itself.SS: And where did you ship?CN: Ship to? Mexican Hat. ---?---SS: Now when you began leasing on your own, ah, how did youarrange for the hauling, was it done for a large company or a group of smaller individual haulers or how was it done?CN: Individuals with trucks that would give a reasonable bid. They got an allowance of six cents per ton mile and---?- --, up to 100 miles. We usually got our hauling for that figure.SS: Uh huh. Was it, ah, how did the ore travel to Mexican Hat from that location?CN: How did it travel?SS: Well, what route, what road was there for them to use? CN: Forest Service road in that area here through Blanding to15
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTthe highway and down to Mexican Hat.SS: Do you know how many miles that was?CN: I could figure it out I suppose -- 90 miles.SS: I just traveled most of it yesterday and I'm veryimpressed.CN: What did you travel yesterday?SS: From the road from White Canyon it came out up to Bears'sEars in North Elkton.---?--- back up through CottonwoodCanyon and down Glenwood.CN: Oh, you---?--- mountain road, huh?SS: If i missed one I'm not aware of it.CN: Did you come down Cottonwood?SS: Yes, ---?--- on Blue Mountain and down that way. CN: Oh, you came out of the Blue Mountain road?SS: No, we didn't,I said.CN: That's where we hauled.SS: Oh, that's where you hauled up there?CN: Yes. The road down Cottonwood wasn't in at the time. Thatwas put in about '65 I think, 1 64 or '65.SS: It was rather recently.CN: Yeah, it's a new road.SS: Ah, then did you, exhaust the ore body there?CN: Just the ore bodies that were drilled at the time, yes.SS: Ah, has there been more exploratory work down?CN: Oh yes continuously. When I completed mining this New16
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTVerde property I came to lease about half the property. There are two groups of claims there that----?--- allSS: CN:SS: CN: SS: CN: SS:CN: SS: CN:SS:the ore bodies, The Abe and the Glade. I kept the lease on the Glade the Abe was leased out later to Industrial Uranium of Salt Lake.Did they do any ore production there?They have since, yes, they did considerable drilling, later found it profitable to earn money. They mined through 1965.Then when did you finish your production work there? Which property? We have a lot of property out there.W ell, ah, the Glade.The Glade? I last worked in the Glade in '65 I believe. What are some of the other properties up there that you have an interest in?The Betty, -- the Betty has been a large producer.Is that essentially the moss back?Yes it's all the same---?--- Butte. Its all the same type of mineralization.You say the Betty has been a large producer up in that area?CN: Yes, it has.SS: Can you describe approximately how much ore and what itassayed and so forth?CN: My partner and I found that in17
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTSS: CN:You staked the claim yourself then?No, the claims were not already staked. We had a lease of these. They were claims adjoining the Abe, north. We began a program of exploration, found what appeared to be a trend of mineralization north of the New Verde, and developed two nice ore bodies there. These were mined in'63, '64, '65, '66, the last ore came out of there in December 15th, '66.Ah, do you still have, retain an interest in those claims?Oh yes, we still have interests and we've been exploring since, we explored last year and we hope to again this year. It's a very well mineralized country. With the proper exploration we should find more ore bodies.May I ask what other areas you have had interest in this particular section of the country?Just in this Elk Ridge area, let's get this going here, it's been quite a long time.Uh huh. Ah, when you are managing a lease, do you do any actual mining yourself or are you concerned with the management of it?ss:CN:SS:CN:SS:CN: Just the management. I've worked underground though, I worked with the---?---SS: Do you like to?CN: Do you mean do I like to work?18
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTSS: Do you enjoy mining work, yes.CN: Oh, I've enjoyed mining for years, uh huh. I enjoy thedevelopment, of course, of the property, the routine ofit not so well. The exploration and development is fun. SS: Ah, yeah, what areas outside of Utah have you beeninterested in since this time? CN: In uranium?SS: Y es.CN: Wyoming.SS: Wyoming? And what part of Wyoming?CN: High River basin.SS: What is the geological set-up there? What are theformations?CN: That's strange -- the occurrence there is much differentthan it is in this area, it's a replacement or a deposition rather in sandstone along what they call a row of fronts. It's not a channel type deposition like we have in this area. It is in sandstone and---?--- the --- ?--- than Elk Ridge. The possibilities for finding large ore bodies there are much greater than they are here.SS: Are they deep in the formation, do you have a drill a long ways.CN: They vary from surface deposits down to 800 feet or more. SS: Can you tell me, just give me a summary idea of just how you got interested in Powder River and actually what your19
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTactivities there have been.CN: I became interested there through my associates---?--- for five years, he operated a mine out here, he operated the Betty mine at one time. He had worked in the Powder River basin during the early fifties and exploration work for a large company, he know the possibilities there, he's a geologist and a good one.SS: Uh huh. What is his name?CN: Joseph Hubert.SS: And the property that you're interested in is PowderRiver; did you hold it or lease or--?CN: Everything is leased.ss: And are you producing ore in that area now?CN: No, it's been strictly exploration. We subleased to alarge company and they have been all exploration, it's a tremendous area, over 100,000 acres of land involved. About three fourths of it staked as my own claims, the rest of it is---?---. It's a larger operation than we could handle, takes a lot of capital.SS: Any you have ore body reserves blocked out and maybe this would be a good point to ask you, ah, what your feelings are about the future, the immediate future of the industry or long range?CN: We're naturally optimistic; everyone's staying in the business. I'm looking for more ore constantly.20
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTSS: Uh huh. Then what foreseeable use do you think---?---CN:SS:CN:will have the greatest amount of uranium ore?For reactors, power. That's conceded by everybody.I would like to ask you just in general how you felt about the policies the government, the AEC has followed have they been much help to you.In some respects, I got my---?---. We haven't had too much to do with the government, we developed our own theories, have done our own exploration, our own development. Our own connection with government really has been telling them what we have found and in working under their---?--- program.Ah, did you have any difficulty in obtaining your allocation to sell the ore that you are producing.No, my allocation of course was passed on; I took alease, the property is assigned the allotment.Well, I don't think I have any further questions. If there's something you want to add--?I don't know of anything. I don't know exactly what you want and this has probably been a very rambling discussion here. I've just answered what you've asked. Yes, I know there have been some things that I would like to hear that, oh, every, it seems to me that every mine seems to develop it's own story, it's own feeling and I'd like to hear a little bit about that sort of thing, inss:CN:SS:CN:SS:21
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTthe Betty and the New Verde area. Did you have--did a large camp develop there?Yes, there was quite a large camp. There are two separate camps. Most of our employees were Navajos and when the Navajos go to work on a job they moved their families, they have large families some of them so there was quiteCN:ss: CN:SS: CN:ss:CN:a population in this area at one time. Just estimated somewhere between 75 and 100 people living there.And did you provide housing and --We provided housing to a limited extent. Usually the Navajos will provide their own, and move into a job they'll throw up a little building or a hogan or something.Uh huh.I don't remember any hogans out there though. They're all buildings that they constructed themselves. Most of the housing is trailers. There's very little left out there now. There's no mining activities for four years.Were you at an elevation that is difficult to produce ore in the wintertime? Enough to produce enough difficulty to halt it?Yeah. The snow fall is erratic. Seven years, rain and snow throughout the winter. Other years a very heavy snowproblem. The second winter I was in the area we had five feet of snow on the ground. We had three cats working22
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTconstantly to keep the road open. The elevation coming out around Blue Mountain is about 8400 feet. The---?--- elevation is about 7580 feet. It's a snow belt you probably remembered all the timber going through thereand going through Elk Ridge.SS: That which I saw was very beautiful, very scenic wasn'tit.CN: It takes a lot of moisture to make that scenery.SS: Did you have any problems with relations among the minersand the workers, their families, did they seem to getalong well as a group, or --CN: Yes, they got along well. We don't know what their familyproblems were. ---?---SS: Did, when you were leasing, did you live up thereyourself with your family or did you come back toBlanding or --CN: I lived up there. We have two bunk houses at the camp anda cook house. We hired a cook and all the white employeesstayed in the bunk houses and ate at the boardinghouse. SS: How did you arrange the working week; did you have a fiveday working week and two days off or--CN: We run a six day basis. Usually we would work for 12 daysand then we're off two weeks.SS: Ah, where did the people get their supplies and otherthings that they needed? Was there a trading post in the 23
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTarea or did they have to come into town?CN: No, we operated the boardinghouse and charged the men enough to cover our costs. We did all the buying, either in Blanding or in Cortez where we'd get the best rates. All the mine supplies of course were the same way, wherever we could get the best deal, did a 1ittle shopping around. Our supplies came from Blanding, Monticello, Moab, Grand Junction.SS: Ah, was it unusual in this area to employ a large number of Navajos to do the mining?CN: Yes, I believe so. We didn't employ any Navajos in the earlier operations. When industrial uranium started to operate they moved from Monument Valley up to Elk Ridge area and of course they imported many of their Navajo workers. They said they were good workers, so the latest operation we had there we also hired Navajos.SS: Earlier when you were hiring white miners were they largely people from the area or were they you might call transients or --CN: No, they were people from the area, Blanding, Monticello and Moab. Most of them had families to any one of three towns, about once every two weeks.SS: Did many of those people bring their families in?CN: No, very few of them. Some of them preferred to move trailers out and lived right there at the camp with their24
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTfamilies. Most of them drove, stayed at the boardinghouse and drove out on time with the period off.SS: I don't suppose water was a problem up there? Did you have to haul water?CN: Drinking water?SS: Uh huh. And also water for the drilling --CN: Water for the drilling was no problem. The formationitself makes sufficient water to drill. Of course we hadto pump it out of the mine into the tanks.SS: A problem of excess, perhaps?CN: Oh yes there was an excess. For drill water we pumped itup to the collar of the shaft, stored it in tanks and had drill lines running back down into the mine which gives you sufficient pressure to drill. Drinking water, we had to haul our water in the earlier operation. We tried to develop water around the camp area, were unsuccessful so we hauled our water about two miles. Then later an exploration hole, quarter of a miles from the camp and quite a bit higher developed quite a flow of water, nice clean water, so we cased the hole and put in a pump and piped the water right to camp. You know it's hard to tell everything, I don't know exactly what you want, there's so much to tell even on a little operation like that.SS: Well, ah --CN: ---?--- series of operations really.25
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTSS: Uh huh.CN: So overlapping in the ownership and so---?--- it wouldbe a long story to sort it all out.SS: Well although I've tried to follow some particulars withyour own career in the mining business I am very much interested in trying to capture the kind of spirit and atmosphere that was prevalent in a camp that was relatively isolated and --CN: I would explain it to you, you try to be selective in who you hire and who you keep, you try to keep a crew that is harmonious. We do get snowed in the wintertime and even in the summer it's a long drive to the homes. The men that you do hire is usually a harmonious group, works well together.SS: Did you work the men in shifts?CN: Yes we had two shifts; a day shift and a night shift. Theday shift starting at seven in the morning the nightshift starting at seven in the night.SS: And what kind of equipment were you using? Were you usingthe diesel shuttlebuggie--CN: Yes we used the shuttlebuggie for a short time, most ofour equipment though is electrified. We had a large diesel plant, generator and lines running through the camp for lighting, power lines running into the mine so all the equipment was electrified. Except our locomotive26
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTit was an air traveller, ran on compressed air.SS: You had tracks?CN: Oh yes, we had tracks, ---?--- New verde operation weSS:CN:SS: CN:SS: CN: ss: CN:SS:CN:developed ore bodies beneath the ore horizon this was all tracked.Was cost a factor in choosing this type of equipment over the other possibilities or was the condition, the wet condition of the mine, ah, a factor in choosing this way? This equipment was chosen because this equipment was on hand.Hum.Newmont Co. that originally did the mining had a large stock of equipment also.I see. Do you prefer the electrical equipment?Oh yes.As opposed, to say, the diesel?I do myself, much cleaner. ---?---- ventilation in diesel. All the machines you understand are run by compressed air.Ah, speaking of ventilations was--in working those mines up there was ventilation a problem?No it wasn't. We put down large sized vent holes, they were drilled from the surface, encased with a large electric fan on each one.SS: Ah, that brings up another area that we haven't talked 27
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTabout and that is, ah, how effective do you feel that the efforts of the mining inspectors and the controls that they try to enforce have been.I don't think I want to comment.All right may I ask you how--In the first place while we were operating there we had as far as I know one mine inspector in Utah and most of his---?--- mining in coal areas. He very seldom even went down but he tried every six months or so examine every mining operation. Occasionally the Bureau of Mines would come in also and inspect the operation, test the air for dust, radioactivity, radon count; they would check for safety features---?--- so forth.SS: Uh huh.CN: They made recommendations after every inspection with thestate mine inspector and Bureau of Mines and we tried toconform.SS: Uh, just how necessary do you feel that these varioussafety precautions are?CN: It's kind of a hard thing to answer. How necessary?SS: Well, ah, I had talked with some people that have beeninvolved with mining that are of the -- feel it puts an unnecessary expense on them to buy and operate so much ventilation equipment and so forth and they feel that they're, for instance, why should they have to go to allCN:SS: CN:28
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTthis expense to ventilate the mines when it seems that the lung cancer can just as quickly and perhaps more quickly be caused by smoking.CN:SS:CN:SS: CN:I see.And some of them are seem outright bitter about having to go to this expense. They feel it's unnecessary.Well there have been safety limits set since I last operated and I don't know how strict they are, howstrictly they're enforced. There has been a new safety law in the last year or so I believe.Well -----?---areas.I guess it is pretty general isn't it? Oh, I think the enforcement of safety regulations is necessary, of course it depends upon the operator. Some operators will disregard all safety precautions. Just to get by more cheaply.In your mines that you have operated have you had any serious accidents?No. We had one accident that I can think of.What was it, what kind of an accident, cave in?No it wasn't a cave in, it was a man that fell. Even at that he wouldn't have been hurt except that a ---?---fell down and hit him. He's---?--- That was the only accident that we had of any consequence, smashed up fingers and so forth.SS:CN: ss: CN:29
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTss: Well, very fine. Thank you so much for your time and yourinformation.CN: Yeah, this was supposed to be on history wasn't it?SS: Y es.CN: You haven't even touched the history have you?SS: Well, what shall we discuss then that we haven't?CN: [Laughter]ss: Maybe it doesn't seem like history because you'reinvolved with it now.CN: Well maybe that's the problem here---?--- I've workedtoo closely. And what is unimportant to me must beimportant to you, I don't know.SS: Well, it's very hard for anyone to judge in this--youknow in the present time, it's going to be important in 100 years of 150 years---?--- collect as many documents as we can now. Then we certainly will stand a better chance of finding that information that seems to be pertinent---?--- I'm sure that you're aware that with telephones and changing times that there are really fewer documents left in the way of journals and diaries and this sort of thing that historians have had to depend on in the past. Well, thank you again.CN: W ell, you're welcome.SS: You were describing your property in the---?---CN: Yes, our property is contiguous groups of plains30
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTextending about a mile down the Cottonwood Wash---?--- Mountains to about five miles north of---?--- Mountain - --?--- we have about 250 claims. We cover what is an ore trend throughout that area. And we have coverage of the greater part of it, six miles of it. Most of our prospecting has been done along the lower trend. And it's been very successful. Practically every place drilledSS: CN:along this particular trend finds mineralization.It sounds very hopeful.Well, it is. There are other trends also, parallel and -- -?--- We followed that one last fall developed---?--- large store bodies been found in that area. ---?--- there. Hasn't been opened yet for mining. A storebody of about fifty thousand tons of ore.What do you think it will run?It will average about 40/lOO's. There are streaksof ore through there that are really high-grade.It sounds exciting.Oh it is. Its' exciting to drill---?--- that type. Butwe find our ore by applying geology and our knowledge of the area and then putting a few dollars in and a lot of work.What are the costs of exploratory drilling now? In that area, I know---?------?--- drilling costs itself varies quite a bit. Depends 31SS: CN:SS: CN:SS:CN:
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTon the drill you have. We're paying a dollar a foot for the drilling but we also have to have a supervisor on the job and usually a cat to work in conjunction with the drill. ---?--- drill sites keep the roads open.SS: Ah, you were mentioning earlier that some of the stories that went along with the first location of those ore bodies and the prospecting of that area. Could you tell me some of those?CN: This is all heresy information of course. Ore bodies along Elk Ridge have been know for quite a few years, they were known before the ore bodies in the Southern Sisters area were know so it was known there was a mineralized belt running through the area. The stories I've heard an airborne scintillometer was used over the Southern Sisters area and there were several ---?--- highs were discovered and then the---?---SS: Who did this flying, do you know?CN: I don't know who they employed but the owners of theclaims. They're still the owners of the claims.SS: Who are they, is there a corporation or--?CN: Well, they're individuals, scattered individuals, theownership of these groups is divided and subdivided among several people. Some of the initial drilling done was ?--- Glade group. A few holes were put down, ore was found and some of them the government did some32
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTdrilling there but that was long before I was in the area. They put down possibly a dozen holes in that area. It was enough anyway to confirm the presence of ore. So Newmont became interested in the area and as a company operation they developed the first ore bodies.SS:CN:Did they do that themselves, they didn't use help to, you were the first individual ore producer that they had leased that particular Glade area to, they had worked it as a company operation until then?Yes, Newmont had an operating subsidiary called Newmont Exploration Limited that did the initial work. And then it was turned over to New Verde Mines Company, another subsidiary of Newmont for operation. All the other ore found there since has been by other companies.And, ah, let's see I think we did go over that but that ore is just largely uranium ore--it doesn't have, ah, There's nothing else in it.Nothing, any other --Oh there are other minerals associated there but nothing of value.Yes, in quality.There are lots of pyrite found---?--- ore body and a carbon---?--- and other minerals like---?--- and so forth. But nothing of any economic importance excepturanium. The ore itself is in the form of urananite. It's 33ss:CN: SS: CN:SS: CN:
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTvery black and heavy. That's the richest ore.SS: Oh, you say that with a gleam in your eye.CN: Oh, yes it's very exciting to find it. Exciting to my --- ?--- even. Some of these ore holes will run very high. The highest grade ore we had in the Betty for example ranabout seven feet at three percent uranium. And when Betty was first operated---?--- selected mining the first few thousand tons of ore that came out averaged one percent uranium.ss: Hum. Did you ship it to the mill--CN: Oh yes it all was shipped to the mill. At that time the ---?--- regulations against upgrading except by specialpermit so all oráe was shipped to the mills. SS: Well, ah --CN: About half the ore out of that area has been shipped to - --?--- in Moab.ss: Uh huh. Is the ore there rich enough that you don't have to have a large---?--- operation, did you have to drift in?CN: There's no waste, very little waste comes out once the ore body is developed. After that it's practically nothing but ore comes out.ss: It must be very gratifying.CN: It is. So the waste dumps around these properties aren'tvery impressive.34
 CLAUDE E . NUGENTSS: I see. Well, better to have big ore piles than big wastedump.CN: Uh huh. But there are no ores exposures in the area,whatsoever, they're all overlain by moss back formation, by Chinle and ore is exposed at no point. So it has to be blind exploration and the application of geology in order to locate these ore bodies. Then each of them has to be developed by shaft.ss: Uh huh. Do you foresee that it will be necessary to undertake a lot of stripping or do you feel like you can get the ore by channeling, without picking up a lot of overburden?CN: Practically every one of the mines in that area has been an underground operation. There's been no open pitting. The ore body we found last year can be mined by open pit, it's very shallow, it's less that 100 feet below surface and has a very nice thickness.SS: Well, I guess maybe we'd better finish it off here unless there's something else you'd like to say?CN: No, I don't know of anything else, there's a lot could be added of course but -- we could be here all day.ss: Well I have all day but -- all right thank you very much."[END OF T APE]35