 GEORGE POULAS Carbon County, UtahAn Interview ByNancy Dickerson and Diane KontgasCarbon County Oral History Project Tape No. 48March 28, 1972Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsMarch 28, 1972Coming to America .Going to College.Coming to Carbon County .Going Back to Greece.First Impressions of Carbon County. Greek Customs .His Uncle .1 4 6 7 8 9. 12
 T H I S I S NANCY DICKERSON AND DIANE KONTGAS INTER VIEWINGI S MARCH 2 8 , 1 9 7 2 . [THIS I S PARTGEORGE POULAS. THE DATEOF THE CARBON COUNTY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE # 1 .]ND: Okay, your full name is George Poulas? GP: Yes, Miss Dickerson.ND: When were you born?GP: I was born July 10, 1930 in Greece.ND: Where was your place of birth?GP: At Greece.ND: Do you remember the name of the town?GP: Well I can, but I don't think it will help you verymuch because it's a small town anyway. It's in the central part of Greece.ND: In the central part of Greece, okay. Why did you come to America? Like why did you come here? (Break) Why did you come to America?GP: To live better.ND: To live better, okay. When did you come to America,what year?GP: July 12th. I mean--pardon me, April 12, 1951.ND: What was your occupation in the old country?GP: A student.ND: You were a student? So how .old were you when you cameto America? How old, what was your age? GP: Twenty-one.ND: Twenty-one? Did you come to America alone? GP: Yes, I came alone.
 GEORGE POULAS # 1ND: Did you parents send you or what?GP: My uncle made the papers and brought me to the UnitedStates.ND: Did you know anyone in America when you came here?GP: I knew no one. (Break)ND: Can you tell us something that might have happened onthe boat over coming here to America?GP: Yes, when I flew over the Atlantic Ocean the veryfirst time-- ND: You flew?GP: Yes, by plane. We flew over the clouds. All the Atlantic Ocean was cloudy, but we were above the clouds and the clouds formed beautiful shapes and I thought that I was flying on the paradise. If I fell off the airplane I would fall on the paradise, because it was really beautiful up there. But one time I saw a little hole through the clouds and I saw the ocean way way down deep like a well, and then I got scared.ND: Yes, I imagine so. When you left the old country did you ever want to return?GP: No, I never want to        ND: Could you tell us why?GP: Because the first time I was in the United States Ithought it was the paradise.2
 GEORGE POULAS # 1ND: Where did you land when you came here?GP: New York.ND: New York?DK: Have you ever been back to the Old Country?GP: Yes.DK: As a tourist?GP: Yes, as a tourist. (Break)DK: Okay, you went back to Greece as a tourist, right?Well, before you came to America, what was it like inGreece? You know, what type of society was there?GP: It was an in-group society, people live a little better than they lived when I was over there. That was ten years later when I came to the United States in the year 1951 and I went back ten years later.Within a ten-year period the life in Greece improved a little better, not very much. People seemed to me a little healthier and happier. There was no war anyway.DK: You came to America, right? Now, when you first came in you came to New York. Was it Ellis Island or was it New York City?GP: New York City, at the international airport.DK: Did someone meet you at the airport when you came in? GP: No one.DK: No one, you just--?3
 GEORGE POULAS # 1GP: Then I flew from New York to Denver, Colorado. Therewere some friends or relatives of my uncle who picked me up and then they sent me to my uncle's house because my uncle live 300 miles away from there in Meeker, Colorado.DK: So your first place of living was in Meeker, Colorado?GP: Meeker, Colorado, yes.DK: What did you do?GP: I was helping my uncle.DK: Did he own a business?GP: He owned a ranch, he had 5,000 sheep. However Ididn't like the money and I didn't like the sheep and I wanted an education, because I grew up in education as I told you before, I was a student. Since I was a student I wanted to learn. So I wanted to go to school. I left the ranch and I went to Chicago to get educated this way. I got me a job and I got the responsibility supporting myself at the same time I went to school to get educated and be a better man in the American society.DK: Okay, you got your education basically from Chicago, right? In         GP: Yes, in Chicago, but then I've been around too, because I was a single boy and I didn't have a4
 GEORGE POULAS # 1family. So I didn't have to stay in one place, I could go around and find a better job and a better place to live. However, I got drafted in the meantime while I was going to the university, I got drafted in the Army and I spent years in the Army, and the Army was good enough to send me to school. I took basic administration Army, in the Army. I graduated from there and they give me a job in the office headquarters. I was happy and they were happy with me too, and that's where I spent the rest of my twoyears in the Army. After I got out of the Army I went to California. I felt that I was smarter and better educated, I was able to drive a car. So I went to California because I had some relatives there.(Break)DK: Okay now, while you were in California what did youdo?GP: I went back to junior college and I took ---?---math, English, and history, hoping that I would be able to graduate from college. In the meantime I was working full-time to support myself and save some money for the future and also to help my poor parents back home. I kept working alone and going to school alone until finally I got old enough that I had to quit. I didn't succeed in graduating from college5
 GEORGE POULAS # 1because I was working kind of hard to support my family.DK: Now, talk a little louder, okay? Now, after California did you come to Carbon County then?GP: Yes, I came to Carbon County. I found opportunities of doing business. I found the opportunities to go into business and this is what I found that I like and after I found out that I liked business and this is the place I found the opportunity, I came here where the opportunity was for me.DK: Okay when you came to Carbon County, what was it like? What was the city itself like? Do you know? Was it--?GP: Carbon County in comparison from where I came from, from San Diego, California it was like living in the old country. Really, Carbon County to me seems that it's behind the rest of the states.DK: Carbon County was behind?GP: Yes, way behind.DK: When you came here the roads were paved and stufflike that, right?GP: One thing I like about Carbon County, that the roadswere the best in the union. And that's all.DK: When you worked here, your business, was it thisstore here?6
 GEORGE POULAS # 1GP: Yes.DK: And you've been working in that full-time?GP: Uh huh.DK: Were you in Carbon County about 1952?GP: No, I came in Carbon County in 1963.DK: '63. (Break)ND: Okay, you were in Carbon County and you establishedyourself in a business, right? DK: Yes.ND: All right, did you get married then?GP: No.ND: Is this when you went back to Greece?GP: I was in San Diego, but I went back to Greece to seemy folks, my parents and my relatives. I see this beautiful girl that--I fell in love with her and I married her. So I brought her over.ND: You married her in Greece and brought her here?GP: Yes.ND: Fine. All right. When you were living in Greece andthen moved to Carbon County, what was your home life like, did it change much or did it stay the same? Like when you were brought up, did it stay the same or did it        GP: I'm the one who changed. ND: You changed?7
 GEORGE POULAS # 1GP: ND: GP:ND:GP: ND: GP:I'm the one who changed. What did you do?I learned the American way of living and--I'm the one who changed. The more I learned about the English culture the happier I was, and the smarter I felt.Did you like living in Greece? The living conditions, did you like them?No, I didn't.Did you keep any of them?I kept all the customs. I know most of the Greek customs and I've learned most of the American customs and I compared both of the customs, and I think the best customs are both of them, and I use them for my own enjoyment and a better life.So you're teaching your children both customs then? Yes. I'm teaching my children both customs. They learn customs from each different nationality, it helps for better living and better understanding.What were your impressions when you first came to Carbon County? What did you think of the town?I told you, my first impression of Carbon County when I first came here--I came not that I really loved Carbon County, I came because I find the opportunity for business, and Carbon County overall had wonderfulND: GP:ND:GP:8
 GEORGE POULAS # 1people, but they're behind in progress. That is not their fault, there is just not enough employment and not enough industry. I hope that in the future we will improve a lot. (Break)ND: Could you tell us some of the Greek Customs that you kept when you came to Carbon County?GP: Yes. (Pause)ND: Tell us.GP: Greeks have their own dances and their own way ofcooking, which is very, very good in comparison with many other ways of cooking. Greeks, they are friendly people and they like to be social and--DK: Why don't you tell us some of the holidays?GP: The most important Greek holidays are first: Easter,and then is Christmas.ND: Could you tell us how you celebrate Easter in thesame ways that you did in the old country?GP: Oh, we do celebrate it in both ways here in the United States, in the American way and the Greek way. The American way when it's a American Easter, and the Greek way when it's a Greek Easter. As you know, all Easters of both religions don't fall at the same time. Once in a while the Greek Easter falls on the rest of the Easter, the American Easter. Also Greekshave many holidays and they celebrate them by 9
 GEORGE POULAS # 1barbecuing lamb and dancing and singing most of the time. Men get together and eat, drink, and sing in the old country.DK: Could you tell us a few of these holidays that you celebrate, just like Greek holidays?GP: Greeks celebrate their name days some, their birthdays, and the--(Break) okay, continuing, can you remind me where we left over?DK: Ah, you were telling us some of the holidays that just Greeks celebrate, like name days.GP: Yes, the name days. One person celebrates his name day. The name day is when the baby gets baptized and the godfather or godmother gives the name to this baby, and that's the name he gives. They celebrate his name day every year since he was baptized.ND: How do they celebrate like when they get older?GP: Just like a birthday.ND: Party?GP: Just like a birthday party. Usually the grownupscelebrate by inviting friends and relatives over to their house and they celebrate together. It's just like you would have a social in your life one evening and you call your friends to come over and have drinks, eat, and joke around, and that's about the same way. They just--and when they drink they say,10
 GEORGE POULAS # 1"To your name day," or something like that.ND: How did you celebrate your Easter? Now, because I'm Greek I know a lot about this, but like in Greece you had a special way of celebrating it, right?GP: Yes.ND: And did you--?GP: In Greece they celebrate it--in different parts ofGreece they celebrate it in different ways. However, in my part of Greece, they celebrate it in springtime usually, Easter in springtime where all of them go back home where they came from. If they moved to Athens they go back to their little town where they came from you know. The families get reunited. They spend two or three days for town parties, the whole town gets into the central part of the town and theybarbecue lambs and they have little stores around, and then the stores, the stqre owners, they have cafes and restaurants, and they barbecue lamb and people go there and they get together in the church and then the man who serves them brings them barbecued lamb and wine. They sit down and drink while they are watching the square. In the middle of the town, usually in Greece they have a square, you know. People would love to dance, there they have a Greek orchestra there and they play and people dance,11
 GEORGE POULAS # 1that is all the youngsters that meet each other you know and showing off. (Break)ND: Did you have any relatives that lived in Carbon County before you came here?GP: Yes, I had my uncle.DK: And he's the one who helped you set up your business? GP: Yes.ND: Okay. Did he ever tell you any stories of like how itwas when he first came to Carbon County? GP: Yes.ND: Could you tell us a few of them?GP: I think I can.ND: Okay.GP: My uncle and many of the first immigrants that cameover talked to me and told me what they went through here in their lifetime spent in Carbon County. Most of them worked very hard in the mines, and a few of them got killed. Many of them saved some money and went back to the old country and many of them worked hard and they decided to spend the rest of their life in Carbon County. They succeeded by working very hard, and they saved       money because they lived before a hard life and they were very poor, so when they found a job, they worked hard and they saved their money and in time they built a home here in12
 GEORGE POULAS # 1Carbon County and started families, and that's how most of them established themselves. A lot of them were very aggressive and very successful and they went in business. Most of the immigrants have built this city of Price. All of the buildings that are built--most of them--by the immigrants.ND: When your uncle came here, was he a coal miner or did he go into business?GP: First he was a coal miner, and afterwards he went into business. (Break)ND: Okay, your uncle at first worked in the coal mine and then went into a business, right? Did he tell youmuch about--?GP: It just happened that he was going to get the job onMonday, and Saturday was the Castle Gate Explosion. So in the explosion about eighty-five Greeks got killed. He changed his mind and left Carbon County. Since he was a sheep herder he went and became a sheep herder and saved his money and bought his own sheep, and later on bought his own ranch in Colorado and that's where he succeeded. After he succeeded and got retired over there he . moved back to Price with his friends, and that's when he called me to come from California and stay here with him. He helped me out, established his business, and I took the13
 GEORGE POULAS # 1opportunity that he gave me and I worked hard and I thank God that I'm doing pretty good myself.DK: Did he say much about the Castle Gate Mine Explosion when he was here? Did he tell you much about it?GP: All I know is that it was a gas explosion.DK: All you know is that it was a gas explosion? That'sabout it.[END OF INTERVIEW]14