 LEONARD SHIELDPrice, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project Nos. 22 and 23April 14, 1983American West Center University of Utah Marriott LibrarySalt Lake City, Utah
 LEONARD SHIELDAPRIL 14, 1983Table of Contents Background Information1Railroad Transportation Experiences .Growing up in Hiawataha And Work in CaliforniaCastlegate Mine Explosion and     Impact on Safety 20 1928 Kennilworth Explosion and Rescue Experiences . 25 Mohrland Experiences 30 Coal Mining at Soldier Creek and Dad's Personal Coal Mine 42 Coal Mine Union A ctivitiesDad's Frustrations as Utah State Mine Inspector .Mining at the Peacock and Milburn Mine8 165057 . 71
 THIS I S AN INTERVIEW WITH LEONARD SHIELD I N P RICE, UTAH ON JULY 14, 1983. MY NAME IS NANCY TANIGUCHI. [MRS. SHIELD ISA L SONT: LS:NT: LS: NT: LS: NT: LS:P R E S E N T . ML S: MRS. S H I E L D ]How old were when you moved to West Hiawatha?Well, I don't really know but I remember beginning school there.Oh you did.First grade.Yes.So, that was about 1912 or 1913 I guess.Good.Because my sister that lives in Bremerton, who was just here last week, was born there in West Hiawatha. So I remember when she was born so (Chuckle) it was probably around that time. My dad was the mine foreman there but I don't recall who the superintendent was, whether it was Tom Lamp at that particular time or someone else, I don't know.NT: What was your Dad's full name?LS: William Shield.NT: And had he previously been a coal miner?LS: Oh yes. He came from England to Sunnyside, that's whereI was born and then he worked below the different mines. Worked for U.S. Fuel as mine foreman at West Hiawatha then Black Hawk and Panther it was called then or Pine River Reservoir and Mohrland. In fact, we moved from Mohrland to this home over here in 1916.
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT: 1916LS Yes, so we lived here ever sinceNT When did your father come to this country?LS About 1903 or 1904, I don't know exactlyNT And where were you born?LS SunnysideNT What year?LS 1907NTá Then how long was it before you moved to West Hiawatha? LS Well, I was a baby and I don't remember I don't rememberanything at Sunnyside at that time but I do later yearsAs I said, my first memories are of West HiawathaNT Then you said that you went up, what years did you moveto each of the camps?LS Well, we left Hiawatha and lived in Heiner, no, we wereliving in Standardville We moved to Standardville and my dad was the first mine foreman there under Tom Lamp, I know that for a fact and then my youngest sister was the first girl born in StandardvilleNT Well, that's neatLS Then, we were there I don't know how many years and thenwe moved to Heiner, we went back with U.S Fuel and were there for several years. And then they transferred him to Mohrland and then he stayed working there but my mother, well, they just built their home and my mother and dad2
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT LSmoved, well, my mother moved down there with the children, there was four of us. We stayed here then and my dad stayed at Mohrland for several years and then he went back to West Hiawatha as mine foreman But in the meantime somewhere, I don't know the years, he was also mine foreman up to Raines for a short period, for a year or two years Then they called him back again in the 1930s up to Raines but he didn't like the mine and didn't stay. (Chuckle)What was wrong with the mine?It was a gassy one; bad conditions, so he wouldn't stay there But West Hiawatha though I had some memories of that tram, it was a two mile tram and I've seen locomotive up to the store right up almost to the mouth of the mine where they are hauling coal today from that mine with truck The Rio Grande 1100 Engine pushed one boxcar, that's all it could take, up that mountain to the store, just merchandise. They had four rails, the double track, and the center was railroad gazed, the center two rails so that the engine could go right up the middleAnyone, going up there today saying, "Y ou're crazy , you couldn't get a locomotive up here, it ' s so steep. " (Chuckle) But I had actually seen them up there and we used to ride the trip down to East Hiawatha to get a haircut because there was no barber shop up to West3
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983Hiawatha, all there was was a store and a butcher shop and then they had other things. Well, there was a school up there, because I began at Essay School up there and they also had a school at East Hiawatha, just across from the tipple. Then there was a school at Black Hawk, which today is Hiawatha and it was just as you went up over the railroad tracks today to the left, the whole foundation was still there I have those pictures that you may not remember and we'll show them at camp at West Hiawatha and today, I haven't been up for years but I guess you would wonder today how there is room for any homes in that canyon.NT That's the truthLS There were two rows on the right hand side and homes onthe left hand side. NT Huh.LS One memory I have of that is the elderberries, I never saw them grow so profusely in my life as up there, just like grapes. Gee, I guess the bushes are still there, I don't know They were really thick.NT What was the daily schedule for life there, was there a whistle that went off for everybody to go to work?LS No, no, I don't remember a whistle to begin work at allbecause up there, all the men that lived there and the people lived there and men working, went in the mine and4
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983there was just a desert netted hour that they were to go in and as I remember it I never ever did see a man trip(?) So the mine couldn't have been in too awfully deep at that time and so I guess they walked because I hadn't seen the come out but being a little boy I don't remember them going in in the morning. But I didn't ever remember seeing a man trip which other mines still use.NT Then it was the coal trip that went up and down to East Hiawatha, is that right?LS Yes, they would bring them out of the mines with a locomotive and whether it was one and two mine one inside the canyon and bring them out to the hoist house and then they would drop them with a rope clear down that two mile tram One rode down as the other came up This CurlyMonroe that you maybe have heard quite a bit about was just a young man then was a rope rider, one of the rope riders. There was two and he was one of them which would ride the rope on the trip and many wrecks they've had in there, they'd break loose and only one ever reached the tipple. There was some curlers and they would be going with such a speed that they would leave the track but one did go clear down to the tipple (Chuckle) I remember one individual in particular and that was Richard McDurmond, he was a deputy sheriff He rode a horse and he would carry the mail and I don't know how it came, I guess by5
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983rail then, because the railroad use to go from Price up to Miller Creek and up there and they would bring the mail to East Hiawatha and then he'd bring the mail in a stack on his horse up to West Hiawatha We used to call him Grandpa McDurmond, he was a good friend of the family. In fact he came from Scotland, he was a Scotchman and I have pictures showing him with my dad in Sunnyside in 1904. So they worked together and in fact, one of his boys, John McDurmond use to board with us when he worked there at West Hiawatha and then my sisters I speak of was born, he threatened to take her several times and there was two boys and two girls in the family and my brother Tom and I either got the cold shovel and the poker and started beating him when he threatened to take that sister, (Laughter) she was just a baby But the snow was so deep up there in the winter time and we lived on the south side of the hill and in the back of the house it would just be buried in snow, it was on the mountain side and slide off Then they built a new home for the bosses over on the other side by the store with the sun shinning and we moved over there There is no amusement of any kind I tell you for amusement I remember as a little boy that we would get down on Sunday to East Hiawatha and watch the ball game. They had ball games and they had a ball diamond down there and they ' d play because every6
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT LSmining camp had a band Every mining camp had a baseball team and they'd run special trains from say Mohrland to Hiawatha or from Hiawatha to Mohrland or from Mohrland to Castle Gate or Mohrland to Kenilworth or Mohrland to Sunnyside. I remember going with my mother and dad on Sunday in those special trains ridding At that time we lived at Hiawatha and let's say the railroad came down this way to Price from Miller Creek and then they'd come down on that Castle Valley Branch line and catch the Rio Grande to go to Sunnyside and over to Castle Gate.How long did that take?I don't remember exactly but it took the whole day to go and comeNT Yes, I bet. (Chuckle)LS Because as I mentioned, we'd ridden the train and got onat the Depot here in Price and go to Hiawatha at nine o'clock in the morning and it would be nine o'clock at night when we'd get to East Hiawatha, because they would put a coach on the back end of a string of coal cars and I've seen my dad get off of that train and walk and get ahead of the engine, he could walk faster then the train would carry them (Laughter) So that was some experience and I can still vividly see that in my mind We would walk along and he just get tired of sitting there at that slow pace that he'd get up and walk. Now, we did the same7
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983here and we'd get on at Price to go to Sunnyside and they had the same thing, a string of empty coal cars going up and then the loads coming back but they also had water cars behind and they hauled water to the mountain for the railroad because there was no water other than river water and there was so much alkaline that they didn't dare trust it in the boilers. So it would take us twelve hours the same way to go and come to SunnysideNT What a long day?LS Oh,itwasalongdaybutasIsaywewerelivinginHeiner when they were building the Utah Railway and I saw the first train come into Mohrland on the Utah Railway and that eliminated then this Hiawatha branch out here. They use to later years, to accommodate the passengers, they had a gasoline driven coach just a passenger coach with a gas engine to come from Blackhawk or East Hiawatha down in Price But it was so slow going back to that it took it about six to seven hours to make the tripNT (Laughing) That's terribleLS Oh, I should say. Then when the Utah was opened up thenthey put one engine and one coach and then they would meet the Rio Grande trains at the junction just by the way station there now and go up Spring Canyon just clear to Standardville and back down and over and stopped It never went up in town in Wattis but they stopped at the8
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983highway there and then people had to walk from there up and then going over to Hiawatha and then to Blackhawk, as we knew it then, and to Mohrland. But twice a day that one coach and one engine made that trip just for passengers .NT When was it that they started that?LS Well, it had to be right at the very beginning around1915 when it discontinued I don't remember now but it was in the 1940s I guess when it was disbanded and they did away with it Well, there were so many then that others started here in Price and went from Price to Hiawatha and Mohrland and from Price to Sunnyside So that kind of cut into the railroad business and they discontinued it and then there was a--I've forgotten the name of it Several fellows in Helper at a stage line from Helper going up to Spring Canyon and that eliminated the need for the train because they were on hourly and they stayed with an old automobile and a train, as I say twice a day, but as a kid I was fascinated with the trains and I wanted to work on the railroad all my lifeI talked to so many railroad men and they said, "Oh, we've worked on that twenty years and get bumped " Well, that sounded awful to me but then you work anyplace and be bumped .NT That ' s true (Laughter)9
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983LSNT LSSo I didn't go into it but I was just fascinated with trains and so I had remembered so well the operation of them, this railroad and the Utah RailwaySo you went to work in the coal mines, is that right? Yes, but I didn't go until 1926 I got out of school in 1926 and I went to Peerless and out to work, the first mine up Spring Canyon then Though in later years they had what they called Peerless but it was a little vein. The one I worked in was nine feet and I worked there one winter and then worked with the state and country driving trucks and then on our way back later to Kenilworth and then to Standardville, West Canyon, Kazier, Rolap and then to the collegeWhat were you doing at the college?I taught welding there thirty-six yearsOh my goodness, is that where you retired from when you retired?Yes, I retired from the collegeWhen did you retire?1974Now how old were you when your mother and the kids moved here to Price?I was nine years old My mother died about,well, we moved down here in June and she died in AugustOh, that's terrible.NT LS NTLS NT LS NTLSNT10
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983LS She never got to enjoy her new home I was the eldest of four and there was nine and my youngest sister was two.NT What did you children do without your mother?LS Well, her mother lived with us most of the time so mygrandmother took over and raised the four of us.NTá What was the full name of your mother and yourLSgrandmother?Well, my grandmother's name was Elizabeth Willcox, spelled with two L's and my mother's name is Sarah Ann Willcox, of course she was married. So she raised us and was here with us when she died in 1930 So we were fully grown when she died and she was practically the only mother we knew My dad worked at the mine all those years and we lived down here and he'd come down sometime, maybejust once a month he'd come home and then go back to the mine He would board with different families in the mining camps.What did your mother die of?I can't tell you for sure I've forgotten now what they even told us. She was taken to LDS Hospital and died there after an operation but from what I really don't knowBut was it something that came on suddenly?Well, even that I'm not sure of, I don't know. My wife get ' s aggravated with me because I can remember doingNT LSNT LS11
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983things with my mother and got pictures showing us in Salt Lake sightseeing and I can remember that but do you think I would remember my mother? I can not remember her features at allNT Well, you were young when she died though?LS Yes, but I should be able to remember but I don't I just don't know why I don't remember her but I remember going, as I say, to Salt Lake with her and trips and we'd have a picture showing us in an old Solitire bus drivingaround Salt Lake sightseeing.NT That sounds like fun.LS Then we did own all of this property here and I'm outsidethe city limits here now and there was a big horne right over on the hill and my grandmother would come down here in the summer with my brother and I and we would stay down here during the summer month and she would hire people to take care of the orchid This was all orchard in here and she would hire people to take care of that and then in fact there again she would hire them to pick it too apparently and they would put it on the railroad and ship it to Hiawatha to East Hiawatha and then they would load in those trips as they would call them, twenty four cars in a stream and fill them up to the mouth of the mine the last trip of the day and apparently they sold the fruit up there to all the people that lived in12
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT LSNT LSthe campWell, that sounds like a good idea.Packed us plumbs, I don't peaches but plumbs, prunes, apples, pears, apricots, and all sorts of fruit Because there was right where my house is now there was trees all over right in here?Where was your grandmother from?She was from England. She and my mother were converts to the church and they came over here and she met my mother or my dad in Sunnyside Then my grandmother, even maybe you have heard of Harry LaTurner, my grandmother paid his mother and children's way over to this country She owned quite a bit of property over there and so she financed them coming over. I don't remember how many children but there was three that I know of, Harry and Percy and I've forgotten the girl's name, Ellen or something of that nature They lived in Mohrland I remember when we were there. They came here in about 1904 because my dad and mother were married in 1905. My birthday is the day after tomorrow, so I'm seventy-six years oldWell congratulations, that's marvelous!I have a lot of memories of the county, of gee, there is so many that I don't even remember all of the things that I ' ve seen now in the years pastNow you mentioned that the McDurmond boy boarded with youNT LSNT13
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983for awhile Was that at West Hiawatha?LS Yes, West Hiawatha.NT Did your mother keep boarders or was this just a special? LS No, he was just a special friend, being a son of thisRichard McDurmond and like I say there was no boarding house or anything up there. I remember there were a lot of Greeks and they had just dugouts in the hill where they bathed In fact, I shouldn't be telling this(Chuckle) but my brother and I and two others, I don't know who they were, one day got rambling around the camp and we got into one of these dugouts and we carried everything out of that dugout but the stove I had it all outside when those men come home and caught us(Laughter) NT OhnoLS Oh and then they called this deputy sheriff, Richard McDurren and he took us home and I remember I got a good thrashing. (Laughter) Whatever possessed us to do it, I don't know, we just carried everything but the stove outside.NT Generally up in West Hiawatha though people didn't lock their houses anyway, did they?LS No, because conditions were different Even here in Price at that time, I don't think a soul locked their home but in mining camps like that they did because there was very14
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983few strangers come around. The only ones that would come around that were outsiders, a lot of Emery County people , peddlers would come in with a team and a wagon and bring produce and fruit to peddle or to sell to the people in the campsNT Did you ever get to know any of the peddlers?LS Oh, I did but I can't even remember the names anymoreThere were some Leemases I remember and then some of them lived up there at Hiawatha and their folks lived down in Huntington or some part down there and would bring produce. Some even would even bring pork and beef in the winter months especially and sell it to the people in campNT Was there any problem buying from them instead of from the store?LS No, I don't think so and I don't remember though about, the butcher shop was independent of the store but whether it was owned by the company or not I don't know because they had a picture showing the butcher and I even worked for him in California I went down there and worked for him in the store and he had a little farm that I helped him on. But whether he owned the butcher shop or the company I just rather imagine the company did because they owned the store at that time it was, I don't remember the name off it, Wasatch was Castle Gate and15
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983Sunnyside. Hm, Carbon Emery, I believe, Carbon Emerystores.NT Well then when you, when was it that you went toCali fornia?LS I went down, I guess it was before or after I worked inPeerless, 1927, I went down there and worked for him in the store Oh, I only worked there in the store for oh, probably eighteen months and then I went to work just as a rust about in the oil field in Santa Fe, California.NT Why did you decide to go there to California?LS Well, I just wanted to get away and my dad wrote to this old friend, this Jerome Swencer, the butcher and asked him if I could find work down there He said, "Yes, if you want to come you can come work for me " So I wentdown there but I didn't like working in a store.NT Yes , how long were aroused about?LS Oh, not too awfully long, maybe eighteen months and thenI went back and learned welding down there and then come back and went to the mine in ---?--- and that's what I was doing at Rolap when I had the opportunity to go to the collegeNT What do you remember as a child growing up in West Hiawatha? When you got up in the morning, did your mother have the stove already lit?LS Oh yes, because they had to be I rather imagine was the 16
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983same as when I worked out there, you had to be in the mine at about seven o'clock So you'd get up rather early and I don't remember getting up that early myself but I guess I had to get up fairly early though when I began school but yes the meals were all prepared and ready to eat. I remember so well too that my brother and I would argue over who got the lunch bucket when my daddy came home at night. He would always leave a sandwich, a piece of cake or something for us to fight over (Laughter)NT: What time did he come home at night?LS Oh, I really couldn't tell you, I don't know I wish Iwould say maybe between four and five o'clock He was usually later then the other men because he had to fill out reports being the mine foreman.NT As foreman was he in charge of firing shots then?LS No, he was the boss.NT YesLS There was a superintendent that was over everything butthe mine foreman was in the mine and all over the mineand seeing that everything was done as it should be done NT And then he had fire bosses?LS. Oh yes, they had fire bosses and my dad worked as a fireboss at Peerless before I ever went there. In fact, the thing that I remember about that is they paid Dad in $20 gold pieces.17
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT Ooo!LS He'd come home with five $20 gold pieces on payday andboy, that was quite a payday. (Laughter) But the fire boss would just go in and inspect and examine the mine for gas and safety test the roof and the working places so it was safe for the men to go in Otherwise, I worked in there and seeing where they put X's up on the roof I remember that if you found one of those that you were to pull that coal down before you went to work under it because the roof wasn't safeNT Who fired the shots?LS The fire boss. At that time, they use to, the men had tobuy their own powder and drill their own holes and originally they even fired the shots themselves. But later then when I don't know what caused it even before the Castle Gate Explosion then they made the law, it became a state law later but I don't know when But the men could drill the hole and they had to buy their own powder and make their own dummies but the fire boss would do the shooting. He rolled the hole and tapped them and then shoot inside the mine. Then after the Castle Gate explosion why all shooting was done from the outside and then everybody had to be outside Until later years and even when I was working at Standard and at Rolap they used car docks, maybe you've heard of that They were big18
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983cartridges about four feet long and about three inches in diameter There was no explosion, they just literally forced the coal apart with exerted pressure from that gas when it was released But boy, they sure caused a lot of smoke and then they got permissible powder that allowed them to shoot with the men in the mine and that's when they really got the headaches. Oh, that smoke in there would be so thick, we would do this everyday and you'd have a headache from the smokeNT Then when they started using permissible powder did the fire boss still shoot it?LS Yes the fire boss continued to do the shooting but oh, they do, they just had the men overlooking in that area and move out and they'd shoot while you were just ready to move, pull you around the corner and out of the way and then (coughing)--man, it ' s cold today, I can't keep my throat clear I ' ve seen in cartridges though when they would shoot sometimes they would shoot back out of the hole and boy they'd come around the corner, a couple of hundred feet away There had been a lot of close cases where those things backfired and came out of the hole. I was working a graveyard shift at Standard one morning and it was near time for manager to come out about 6 30 in the morning and I heard the darndest commotion as I was coming down the slope and I stopped there for quite a19
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983while and then everything quieted down and then finally I walked down and the night foreman was down there and he had been moving the motor of his locomotive and it was against the law to haul those cartridge shells in a steel car, they were supposed to have a wooden car and he had them on top of the motor, so with steel. I don't know what happened, anyhow one of them touched the trolley line and that's all they had to have, you see, with electricity you set them off It set off the one and then it set off a whole bunch of them and they just shot every which way (Chuckle) It's a wonder it didn't kill him but he just fell down between the rib and the locomotive and he wasn't hurt He said, "Nobody knows anything about this, you didn't ever see anything " (Laughter)NT That's right, you were telling me about the effect that the Scofield Mine Disaster had on safety regulations but I don't remember exactly what it wasLS Well, I don't remember Scofield regulations but Castle Gate was the one that determined the electric lampsNT Oh, what do you mean by that?LS Well, they use carbide lamps up until the Castle GateExplosion. After that happened then the state law said that they had to have electric lamps which they wear today with that little battery on themNT But the men still had to buy their own at the store20
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983right?LS Well no, the company furnished the lamps and they chargedyou a dollar a month for a lamp.NT: Oh, as a rental you mean?LS Uh huh, just as a rental. Then every morning you wouldpick up your lamp at the lamp house and when you'd come out and night they would have to recharge it just like an automobile battery only more so then an automobile batter it will go for months but these had to be recharged every night But that was one regulation and then two it was that Castle Gate explosion that determined too this outside shooting, that everybody be out of the mine before any shots were fired But that was a direct result of the Castle Gate explosion, the electric lampsNT Where were you when the Castle Gate mine went up?LS Oh, I had been living here but I was going to school then in 1924 But my dad, I don't know where he was working but I remember he went up there in a rescue, with the rescue teams, because I have pictures showing him as one of the men in the rescue squad from Standardville andHiawatha too But we were living here though and my brother got up there to see it but I thumbed a ride up there too but they had Willow Creek blocked off right by the power plant now and I couldn't get up there but I guess there was nothing to see anyway then. But I was21
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983driving a truck for the state and county as I mentioned in 1928 when it blew up the second time but there were no men in it at that time But I was telling my wife when we were in Salt Lake, not long ago We didn't know it, we were camped up Willow Creek there and when we came down with a load of gravel the next morning, people were all over the place and it was just a blackened path right up the mountain side where the fan is, do you know where it is there at Castle Gate, just beyond the cemetery?NT YesLS It was just a blackened path where it had blown out ofthat fan Coal dust clear up to the top of the mountainJust with the force that it hadMS Do you want a drink?LS No thanksNT Are you sure, we--(Break) Was Castle Gate a particularlydangerous mine, is that why it seems to keep blowing? LS Yes, it's quite gassy, it's always been I guess It accumulated there apparently and then with the gas explosion and then the dust that made such a mess Butnumber two that is, it has always been a gassy oneNT Which seam is that in?LS Gee, I had no idea, I don't know, it was big coalNT It's the real sick one then?LS Yes The one I worked in Kenilworth is the same thing in22
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983the ordinary mining lamp you couldn't see the roof, it was so, well thirty-two feet highEND OF S I D E ONENT I'm sorry, you were telling me about Kenilworth?LS Yes , the company men had spotlights, as always they could see a distance and they could see the roof but anyone loading coal who couldn't see the roof because the light wouldn't shine, it was just an ordinary , like aflashlight without a spot on itNT Does that bother you to not be able to see the roof?LS No, only when it would be a bounce. (Laughter) I've beenthrowing clear over three cars as I was right up against the rib, is the wall, I had been right up against it and when it bounced it pushed out Well, it just threw me right over and my partner, Jim McPolvy he still lives up Carbonville He started running and he broke his light and when I got back up on my feet I could hardly breath, the dust, my mouth was full of it and I couldn't see anything My light was working and I yelled and there was no answer and I thought for sure he was buried but pretty soon he said, "Shine a light down this way " (Laughter)NT How did men come to pick their partners in the mine?LS Well, a lot of them would be hired at the same time and maybe were friends and going together though I never knewJimmy probably when I went to Kenilworth though and I23
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983just put in with him.NT So if you didn't have a choice did the company assignyou?LS Apparently they did, yes I know we were in an entrythere, the first one in was loading coal by hand and we were the only two English speaking people and the rest were Japs. (Laughter) My golly, they used to get mad at us because Jimmy knew how to run the locomotive but I didn't, I hadn't had that much experience at that time The motor men would come in and bring, I don't remember how many cars, seven or nine, I know it was an odd number and there would be one empty car left after everybody got a car, every two men Well, we'd hurried and move ours and then Jimmy would get on that motor that pull the load up and shove the empty in and we would get two to the other guy's one (Laughter) They didn't like thatNT What year did you start up at Kenilworth?LS I don't remember now, 1928 or 1929 before I went toStandardville, 1928 I guess, the latter part of 1928 . NT So when did you go to Standardville?LS 1929 and I was there when the explosion happened there NT OhLS But I wasn't in the mine at the time it happened, I wasworking outside but I did get in on the rescue work and I handled every one of those twenty to thirty bodies24
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT LSWhat was the cause of that one?It was gas. The cutting machine threw sparks and ignited the gas and then there again the explosion stirred up the dust and then as I remember cars corning out of the mine for months after that, they would just be as black as coal and you could rub it and it wouldn't come off, itwas j ust burned onOh. What was it like being part of a rescue party, to bring out twenty-three guys that you probably knew?It was, I don't know how to express it, a humble feeling I tell you because you'd touch, they would wear those overall jumpers under their overalls and you would just touch that jumper and it would charge and just fall to pieces. As I remember so well they had two inch wide belts and most of them had two inch and I don't know whyI said wide, I never did like a wide one but they did and they would be burned in two, in the back in places there were , I don ' t know whether the fire was so intense at their back or just why that The rest of it would be all right but there was twenty killed in the explosion and three were killed, they weren't in rescue work but they were just in there and corning out when a seventeen inch roof fell in on them and they were the ones that I never forget, they were just like jelly, we just wrapped them in brandish cloth because every bone in their body wasNTLS25
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983just crushed Yes , it was--I know three fellows, in fact , I was working and my partner was Harry Nelson who later became a dentist over to Ferron and he ' s dead now but we threw our gloves away after each body It just had that feeling and you didn't want to wear them anymore. The company furnished us shoes, overalls, gloves and everythi ng.NT How were the families informed? Did they come up and get the bodies?LS No, they brought them out in the trip and then we loaded them just in a truck and they hauled them down here to the undertaker, Flyn was the undertaker then and there was no fami lies up the mouth of mine waiting like you see pictures, there wasn't such a thing as that One thing I do recall though and here again that Curly Monroe as I mentioned early at Hiawatha was one of them that got out alive, nine got out alive and he was one of them and I didn't know him from Adam really at that time because I didn't know him that well as a kid in Hiawatha. But the next morning he come around shacking hands with everybody and I thought, "What's a matter with that guy?" But I guess I would have been shaking hands too if I had my life spared like that. But I remember Clay Larson, there was Milton and Clay. Do you remember Clay and Milton? She was a nurse at Standardville and Clay was going to quit26
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983work that night and they asked him to double back and that explosion happened about nine thirty at night and he was one that got out alive and the next morning when he came out he didn't stop when he got outside, he run down home, he got in his truck and his home was in Salt Lake but his family worked and were living there and he got in his truck and went to Salt Lake and never even washed his mine clothes. (Laughter) He said, "No more for me, that's enough."NT How did you feel about going back to the mine after an explosion like that?LS Well, you're a little bit squeamish I tell you but I didn't have any fear of Standardville even after the explosion but I worked at Rolap two years and I just worried every morning when I went in there whether I would come out tonight. That's a gassy place, oh deer, it was terrible For every pound of coal they took out they had to put a timber, there was just a forest along the main haulage, trees and cross piecesNT What was the roof, was it loose, was it sandstone?LS Yeah, bad roof No, it wasn't. Well, sand, rock and bonny, just half coal and half rock. We'd just been married then when I went to Rolap and she's standing here at the door bawling, I was suppose to get home, I was working night shift and I was suppose to get home about27
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983eleven o'clock at night or twelve at the most and I had come in at four or five in the morning because I was a mechanic, I would work all night if something had to be repaired and she would just be bawling when I'd come in because she was wondering what had happened?What year did you get married?1938How did you meetI met her at Standard, one of the guys up there said,"There is a new nurse at the hospital, you better go up there." (Laughter) I said, "No, I'm not going up there " Boy, my mind was over in Ethiopia, that was just when Mussolini was taking over Ethiopia and that's where my mind was as I was working and I drove a pick right through my thumb right in the nail and I just nailed it right to a block of wood (Laughter) This nail was split four ways and bleeding like a hog and they said, "You better go up there " So finally I went up to the hospital at night, we were working the night shift and I met her there in the hospital It was about two years though after I met her before we were marriedWhich of the camps did you like best to live in?I don't know but my fondest memories are in Mohrland.I believe it, it was just scaryNTMLS I said I couldn't take very much of that.NT LS NT LSNT LS28
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT Oh, now tell me about Mohrland.LS. Because of the sleigh ridding opportunities that werethere (Laughter) But I don't remember too much of it other than that but I do remember it well but for living in any of them, I didn't live in Standardville, I drove back and forth from here all the time but that was really a nice camp. I don't know if we're living in--I enjoyed Hiawatha but as I say my fondest memories are in Mohrland because we could get on a sleigh and go so far up there Every camp had by nationality they had little communities and in Mohrland as you went into town was Jap Town, they were all by themselves just as you come into Mohrland and then there was English speaking people right around the store and the boarding house and amusement hall and then at Tipple Town there was Italians and then Austrians were off to one side and then Negroes were living in what they called Niger Heaven, clear up by the mine You could start on a sleigh clear up there by the mine, although I never did, I started by the school and gosh you could come down the hall for a good mile and a half past Jap town and clear down the alp It was really something but I really got a scare one time Then, I guess there were automobiles but so few and I was coming down there and a peddler was coming up from Emery County with a team and buggy and I went right between those horses underneath29
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983the wagon on my sleigh NT Ohno.LS I don't know how I escaped hitting my head on something. NT How old were you?LS Well, you see, I was only eight then (Chuckle) But Iremember sleigh ridding there.NT Did you tell your morn when you got horne what hadhappened?LS Well, I don't remember whether I did or not although itdid scare me enough to stop me from sleigh ridingNT How did you get your sleigh back up the hill?LS Oh, just walk, walk clear back up thereNT Where did you get your sleigh from?LS From Santa Clause (Laughter) (Break) See, all of thecamps use to do it until there was some later years, everybody was assessed a dollar a month for welfare and at Christmas time then that money, they bought toys for every kid in town and then Santa Clause would come and give you a present and me a present and the single men, even when I was working at Standard, single man, we got a box of chocolates for our dollar but we didn't mind it because the kids did get something and at Christmas we'd get a sleigh, a real flexible flierNT Yes, I had one tooLS Yes, they were a real sleigh I still have a scout knife30
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983that I received in Heiner in 1950 that I received as aChristmas present from Santa ClauseNT What did you do on the other holidays like July 4th orthe 24th.LS Well, they had ball games and that's all I remember ofthose occasions were ball games. I remember when we were living in Standard in 1914 there was no Latuda at that time and they had a cleared area out there where Latuda later was and Standardville would all go up there and celebrate. They just had, oh, I remember going up there and they would have their barrels of beer only they were different then barrels today, they were barrels of bottled beer The wooden barrel would be full of bottles They'd have that and then they would have meals and candy for the kids I would remember and we used to get candy, monkey candy we'd call it here, three monkeys on a little box and that was the best candy and then the ladies all got chocolates, pink lady chocolates Boy, they were the best chocolates (Laughter) They would buy sweets in Salt LakeNT Did they company organize these picnics?LS No, I don't think so, just the individuals in town, maybesome of the company men that were responsible for it butI don ' t remember for sure NT Did you ever play baseball?31
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983LS No, I never did.NT Do you remember any of the old players?LS No, other than just the later years, it was finallybecame state superintendent of the highway patrol of Joe Dudler who was before Kenilworth and Lyn Levitt was Standard Oil was one of the Kenilworth players and Eddy Peterson was too but I don't remember any I saw one ballplayer get killed right this side of the power plant there at Castle Gate where the pond is now, that was the Castle Gate ball diamondNT Oh.LS And he got hit right in the temple with a pitched ballwhen he was up to bat and boy he just dropped right there, it killed him instantly I remember that, we were there at the game but I don't remember where we were living at that time and who was playing but he was playing for Castle Gate but I never played ballNT Did you ever see any boxing matches at any of the camps? LS No, but I did here in PriceNT ReallyLS Yes, the carnivals used to come through and they alwayshad one man "I'll take on anybody " There use to be a young fellow here and I'm trying to recall his name--Bahn Vinsky or Vahn Vinsky I don't remember born and raised in Sunnyside. Oh, he was a husky, he could carry six sacks32
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983of cement with his arms like that NT Oh .LS He worked with this Biocca who had the Biocca plant down here, the Biocca plant and he would take them on and boy they didn't ask him to come back a second time because he would always win (Laughter) Ask him to hard boxing. Jack Dempsey even boxed here but I never did see him, I only remember my dad telling about him I went, usually with the Boy Scouts and we went on a hike up to where Consumers eventually became a town but it was nothing then in 1919 and he was practicing, he used to practice up there to Coal City, he had a ring up there where he would do all his practicing As I say we went up there and Charley Madsen, you may have heard of him as a principle of the schools and the scout masters and he took a whole bunch of us up there In fact the only one that I know of living now that went with us is here is Phil Harsley, he use to be the telephone company manager but he was an older boy though at that time and he and Vince Summners, Stan Young and a bunch of them But as we were growing up there were three ranches but I forget how they were named now but ranch number one, as we got there, we stopped just for lunch and there was a lady washing clothes and had an old washer with the old hands and we had to work it like that back and forth to make33
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983the churn go around Charley Madsen said, "No, this is where you do your scouts duty " So that Jack Dempsey was practicing but I never did get to see him because I was busy on that washing machine. (Laughter) But there again now, the Rio Grande use to run a stub, they called it, and one engine and two coaches, well three coaches, a baggage coach and two chair coaches from Salt Lake to Price every day It would come in here at nine o'clock at night and leave here at five o'clock in the morning going back to Salt Lake We rode that stub from Price to Blue Cut Service Station and then get off there and then walked up Gordon Creek But that stub though run for years from Salt Lake to Price and stay here overnight and then go back.NT Who all used it, do you know?LS Oh everyone would because there were old automobiles thatwould travel to Salt Lake Oh, I guess one or two would dare but not many would want you to go over there You know, my dad had a 1922 Nash I believe it was and I learned to drive that We went for a picnic up the canyon one time, oh boy, when you need a car that would only churn out places every so often then you would have to back up and I remember backing up scared to death of going over that canyon (Laughter) There wasn't many, I think, that drove to Salt Lake at that time, they all34
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983used the train.NT Yes. Now, when your dad was just coming down every sooften, what did you do when he came back home?LS Well, at this time of the year we had this little farm that we had rented it out on shares but he would always find something to do around here when he was down for the weekend as you come down Then they worked Saturday and Sunday' s all the time I don't remember now, maybe he'd come down mid week and stay overnight and then go back the next day or sometimes come down on a Saturday andthen go back SundayNT Did he work year round?LS Yes the year round.NT So did you have a lot of the farm chores to take care of? LS Well, at that age I didn't have any but later years wedid In fact my brother and I, we had forty acres here and my brother and I took care of it and then after my grandmother died, my dad married again and then I had two half-brothers and a half-sister Then my youngest sister had married and had a boy and then she died. So my dad was raising my nephew Well, when we got married we inherited the four of them. (Laughter) My brother Tom died in 1943 and he and I worked at Standard and took care of the farm and the kids tooNT Boy, what a job.35
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983LS I could make cake with any woman and he could make pie (Laughter) Now, I can't even make a sandwichNT When did your grandmother die?LS 1930. Then my stepmother died in 1933 So, that's why wehad these three young kids Well, there again Bill now works down there at United Auto Parts and I don't remember how old he was, he could only have been nine too because he was born in 1924 and she died in 1933 and then the youngest , Joe , was killed in the service but he was only two when she diedNT So when did your father remarry?LS In 1922 or 1923, I don't know exactly whichNT So you lived down here with your step-mother after that? LS YesNT And he commuted back and forth?LS Yes Then my dad is the open soldier canyon coal mine NT Oh he did.LS He was the one that opened it and I found the vein ofcoal out there.NT Tell me about that.LS He told me that wasn't it So that's when I went toCalifornia and learned to weld in 1931 They said, "That's not the vein, it's too high " I got mad and said, "Okay, you guys find it " So I went to California and learned to weld and when I come back there was the mine36
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT LSNTLS NTLSwhere I found the coal.Oh, that's amazing.And then my dad sold it, this is the amazing thing, to Mayor Nonies(?) for $4,000 and they sold it for three and a half million.(Laughing) There is another word for that besides amazing (Laughter)So we weren't meant to be richI guess not How did you come, where you looking for the coal when you found it?Yes we were and I'm telling you we hunted because it was buried and that's how I found it. We dug a trench right up the mountain side because that dirt had just slid over it and covered that vein of coal There is a hole just above the mine about a block now where we went in about three hundred feet and coal about that highAbout what?About four feet and we shot the tops that were solid rocks so we could stand up in it thinking that it would get larger as we went in but it didn't So we gave that up and then we came back down to where the mine is and asI say, as we were digging on the left hand side of the canyon as you go up where the mine is now, well I don't know I think we were on the right now and maybe open a new one But we were on the left hand side going up theNT LS37
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983canyon and we exposed seven veins of coal from oh, six inches thick to the two twelve foot thick But there was, as I say they told me when I uncovered it where I was that that wasn't it. So my dad and my brother and an Austrian, Charlie Baker, were digging on the other side of the mountain, the canyon and they exposed some over there too but not the big one So like I say I went to California and when I come back they had the mine right where I found this large vein of coal In fact they came back and I bought a truck and I hauled coal that winter and sold it to people here in townNT When was that?LS It would be 1931 In 1932 then I went back to Standardand I worked there before and I went back there to work but then we were working one and two days a week So I had my truck and I would haul the coal over there in Price which we did, he opened that mine and then he took in George Collyham which was at one time the city marshall here and chief of police and then he was in 1919, I believe 1918 he was the Carbon County sheriff and he was partners with him and then they took in Carl Ivens the surveyor. But later my dad and Carl Ivens went in together It was during the war and he couldn't get help and my dad was up there alone and he worried us to death He'd call every night on the phone because he was working38
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983that mine by himself and we just wondered when it was stormy and I couldn't get him then I would have to drive out there at ten o'clock at night to see if he was all right So when he got a chance to sell it, why he just took advantage of itNT When did he sell it?LS In 1945.NT Well, weren't things booming around here during World WarII though?LS Yes, they were in the large mines and that was it Unlessyou were in one of the large mines with more production work you couldn't hire out in a little mine like that or you would be drafted So he couldn't hire anybody, nobody would come and work for himNT. You mean, if somebody left a large mine and went to work in a little mine like your dad's they would be drafted?LS Oh yes, they would put them in the armyNT Well why?LS I was working at the college teaching welding and I wouldgo out to Horse Canyon and work in the summer The minute I would leave the college, I would get my draft noticeWhen I would leave Horse Canyon and come back in the fall I would get a draft notice. You left a work production job then you were subject to draft but I was in both categories, or in one category in both place so they39
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983didn't ever draft me. But if I'd gotten out the mine, which I did I would go out every Saturday to help my dad but if I'd gone out there steady I would have been drafted into service because you had to be in more production workNT You mean to say that the small mines didn't count?LS No, they didn't count, Yes In fact, that's why many of them just closed up completely. As I say, my dad couldn't hire anyone In fact he sold the mine to Lyman Harris andEb Johnson and they couldn't make a go of it either Theycouldn't hire anyone and so he had to repossess it NT I see.LS But we were just glad that he got rid of it when he did though because it was such a worry with him out there aloneNT Well, Marrinoney didn't sell it for years though didn't he?LS No, they didn't sell it until--well, I don't know just when they did but it's just been in the 1970s I guess, the late 1970s when they sold it Oh, they spent a lot of money out there, and borrowed until they about went under but they didn't make it all a clear profit but then they really made some money out of it It was quite the mine there too, we didn't need any props in there, just solid sandstone roof and they got to be pretty high, about40
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983seventeen feet in thereNT Yes Did you ever look for any other coal other thanthat?LS Well, when we were looking we started, we'd run out tothe airport roads, to the old Deadman and we'd walk from there to Soldier Canyon all across the face of the mountain, oh, there is some beautiful veins of coal but it would take a million dollars to build a road to them So that's why we went up to Soldier Canyon because my dad had had enough experience around here in the mines to know that this coal lanes circles us all the way around and they knew it was out there someplace But like I say we dug and dug and dug and we were beginning to think that there was no such thing out there (Chuckle) It's funny how nature just buried thatNT What made your dad want to do that, open his own mine? LS Well, once you work in those coal mines it seems like it gets in your blood and that's all you want to do Well,he had been working at Kenilworth and I don ' t know whether, I guess he got laid off there and he just decided that he would like to have a mine of his own He was state mine inspector also in the late 1920s from about 1927 to 1930 just before he, I guess, went out there So he just decided that he wanted a mine of his own and went out there41
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT When he was state mine inspector did he have any new information as far as where the coal might be?LS No, because there were no mines or anything out there and all he did was inspect the mines that were working at the time, He and Jack Taylor Jack Taylor was chief mine inspector and then my dad was assistant with him but both equal in their abilities and their authority in the mineNT How do you know where to look when you go looking for coal? How did you know?LS Well, the thing is, if you notice around these mountains, these ledges, the coal was either up above it or below it and in between it and that's either the floor or the roof and the ledges are out there, at the same way they are all around. So we just determined that it was near that ledge but like I say we dug trenches like you're digging a pipe line out here, ten, twelve to fifteen feet deep right up the mountain side before we exposed it Nature and the years with the weather and the storms forced the dirt down and completely covered it upNT Did you have any trouble acquiring the land, how did you file it?LS Well, my dad had to lease it from the government He leased 700 some acres to get the property and then we had to pay so much an acre rent plus, I think, at that time we only paid 35 cents a ton royalty42
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT Oh.LS Now it's quite a bit I understand on royalty. I saw inthe paper one time here it some for about $7 or $8 a ton NT How did you finally get a market for your coal, did youjust haul it down here and offer it?LS No, the trucks started coming from Salt Lake and Ogdenand even Roosevelt come on that nine mile road to it but Salt Lake trucks would come down here and went out there to get it They'd go to the large mines but at that time the large mines could sell all their coal on the railroad and they wouldn't bother with the truck So these truckers would go, you know, some of them that's how the wagon mine started over in Emery County and all the big mines that were over there now were just a little wagon mine then Then Rolap finally started selling the trucks and hard scrabble up there in Diminti's mine and now it's Price River Coal nowNT That's right.LS: But the trucks would come from Salt Lake and take everybit they could produce Then they did get a contract out there and my dad moved in with the Utah copper and they would ship carloads and hire someone to haul it to Wellington and load it on the railroad and ship it to Bingham So they were able to get rid of their coal, a lot of it43
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT How did your dad get the contract? did he know somebody at Utah Copper?LS: Don't ask me I don't know (Laughter) I don't know how he got that contractNT You didn't ever have to act as salesman or anything?LS NoNT Just explorer (Chuckle)LS No, but they couldn't sell this slack at first and Idumped thousands of tons of slack up there in that creek to get rid of it and it's buried there and now I notice that when I've been up there they've made the highway wider and just pushed the dirt over in the creek but they couldn't sell it then, everything was lump coal or not coal. I had the trucks and they would have the bin there and it would get full and they couldn't work unless it was empty and so they loaded in the truck and then I would take it over and dump it in the creekNT It's worth a fortune now.LS Oh, even know, at Hiawatha it is $25 a ton to the menthat work thereNT Gee, I didn't realize it was that much.LS Yes, it is, if you go and buy it or me, the last I boughtbecause I was hauling for a lady here in town, I paid, what did I pay? $38 I believe a ton for that coal and I paid for it myself and then I shouldn't tell this but I44
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983think the company would find out, that you can get it through the men that work there, your friends and they'11 just charge it to them and you pay them what they pay for itMLS And they're really be rich too (Laughter)NT LSNTOh, I'm sure that's a practiceYes, but it is very expensive now Well, these mines are so deep in there but even then the oil companies own the darn things anymore so--END OF TAPEI wanted to ask you a little bit more about that Soldier Creek Mine. When you were looking for the coal did you know already that it was government land or where you just looking?LS: Oh yes, we knew that it was government land Because no one up there owned any of the canyon at all So, well, in fact I think my dad, as I remember, had to have a prospector's permit before he could even venture on the land. Then with the stipulation and I don't remember how it was that they produced so much, if they found coal they had to produce so much per year in the first five years say or something like that Now, I think, it's all together different, the production is tremendousNT Oh yes, it would have to beLS But then it wasn't a great deal it seems to me. It goes45
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983through my mind 750 times a year (Laughter) But even when you load it and sell it to trucks, that is quite a little bit itself in those daysNT How much could you load in a day back in the 1940s say? LS Oh, I don't know One man could maybe load fifteen tons or a little better if he really worked With this young - --?--- in Peerless there was an Austrian in the entry next to us and he'd go gambling every night down to the store there in Peerless and he would shake those dice and "Baby, needa the shoes!" (Laughter) Well, that son of a gun would get him and he would load about twenty-five tons a day. Jimmity Christmas he just load so that he could make money and then he would go down there and throw it gambling He'd never--oh, he'd win but then hewoul d lose it in the endNT It ' s too bad after all that workLS Yes, but fifteen ton was a pretty goods day work Butwhen I worked at Kenilworth there again we only got thirty-five cents a ton for loading it and we were cleaning up behind the loading machine and they had a caterpillar type loading machine then so they didn ' t have the track right up to the face We'd have to shovel that coal, this is the face and we'd have to shovel it back three times to get it to the car, thirty five cents a ton for that. (Laughter) But the machine man and the motorman46
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983had a contract that would work in that area and we'd just work and clean it up and pay it by the ton They'd take pity on us and if we loaded, say five cars today, each man, as I'm sure you're aware, had a little check and when we'd go in the next day they'd say hang your checks on the cars and we'd load them for you. So we'd hang five checks on five cars and they would load them up for us. But when we'd loaded them we'd chunk them. They'd be oh, this is the top of the car and we'd have them that much higher.NT What , two feet about, right?LS Yes, and that way if they were a five ton car we'd haveseven or eight ton on them Well, when the machine loaded them we were lucky to get three ton because they would just have a double full. But it was quite a bit though to get those five cars loaded for nothingNT Oh yesLS So we didn't make big money When I worked at Peerlessthough we got ninety-four cents a ton for loading pillar coal but you had to buy your own powder and caps and lay your own track and drill your own holesNT But you still only got paid for what you loaded right? LS Yes, I paid and if there was any rock in it they'd docked you Sometimes, they'd take a whole car away from you andyou didn't get anything for some of them.47
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT Ah geeLS Until the union came in, that was one thing that theunion did overcome and they would. They would take every car, there was so much dock but if there was very much work then they'd take a whole carNT Where were you working when the union came in?LS I was working at StandardNT What was it like up there when they started to have theconflict between the unions?LS Well, there wasn't any trouble there but in Helper theyhad trouble between that National Miner's Union and the, well not the UNWA but just the companies because they didn't want the UNWA I know when I joined the union there at Standard they asked me at a Union meeting the first night, are you a member or have you had anything to do with the National Miner's Union, which I hadn't had so .NT So they didn't want you to join if you had?LS No, I don't think they allowed you to join had you been at that particular time Later they did take them in butright there in 1933 they wouldn't . NT Yes.LS Most of them were Austrians and there were some Italians but most were Austrians and they hung together very well Well in fact, they herded them down here to Price about48
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983where the Mountain Fuel Office is now, well it used to be a furniture store and at that time it was empty They used that as a jail to put a bunch of them in and they were just in their like pigs or cattleNT Oh my goodness.LS. No room to get around or do anything All the vacantbuildings were folded and that was quite a deal thenNT Did you yourself go on strike or picket?LS No, I never ever picketed, but I went on strike though,and was working there at Standard with the United Mine Workers but we never use to picket, that's just been done in the later years.NT Well, what did you do when you struck, just come home to the farm?LS Just went home and stayed homeNT How long did it take before they accepted the union andyou could go back?LS Oh, I guess it would be two or three years before theywould accept some of those foreign people that had goneto that National Miner's UnionNT What about in your own case?LS Well, in mine I was accepted right immediately into theunion but like I say any of them that had been active in that other one why they were a little hesitant about accepting them.49
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NTá What about where the company was concerned, did you have any trouble with your job as far as getting into the unions?LS No, we didn't because I guess the company had, naturally would of had to have agreed to accept the union and that's why individually you had no problems at all But at first, OCA bucked both the United Mine Workers and the National Miners Union. Then I guess, I know there was a fellow by the name of Glen and I think his last name was--the president of that National Miners Union and he was quite radical because I went to a meeting at one time in the City Hall and boy he was so radical I wanted nothing to do with himNT What did he say that made you think he was radical?LS Well, I don't recall now but (interruption) and I don't recall what he said but they were going to take over, that's all there was to it (Laughter) You know, when you tell anyone that you are going to take over an industrywhy I don't want any of that (Break)NT You tell me about your coal mining experiences that youwould like to be remembered I sometimes don't know thequestions to askLS I don't know either what to tell I enjoyed it and Idon't think that I would ever want to do it again but I think it was the most wonderful experience that I've everso
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983had in my life? NT Why was that?LS Well, I don't know, it's just the kind of work, I love my work and I enjoyed it I've always been mechanically inclined but I didn't always do mechanical work when I first started. (Background noise)MSL. Oh, that's another bird. Oh, they just try to come in I can't keep that window cleanLS But every morning when I first started at the mines and boy that ' s a tedious job, you just stand there all day long picking that rock out of the coalNT How did they spread it out, is it on a conveyor belt.LS Yes, it's on a conveyor and they were about, oh, five feet wide, a little metal conveyor and then there wouldbe a man on both sides of it and you'd just reach overand pick that rock out of there.NT Were you working inside the tipple?LS Yes, in the tipple, yes, as I say I started first Well,I didn't start the mine, I went to Peerless in the mine first with the experience but I worked at Standard first on the Tipple.NT When did you start at Standard?LS On the 29th, 1929.NT Was that when you were picking bonny? LS Yes.51
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT Had the depression already hit then?LS No, we worked good, day and night, Sundays and all Everyday, I put in the longest hours I still have this book here with my hours in it I would come home in the winter months at midnight and fill my lunch bucket and turn right around and come back because you would have to get out there and shovel snow early in the morning so that the kids could come down the hill and then when you're through running coal ant say nine o'clock at night or ten o ' clock , there would be box carloads or railroad carloads of props , ice , cement, rock dust, and all this supply had to be forwarded Boy, I'm telling you we worked I've driven from here to Standardville and I don't know how I ever got there or got home, I was so sleepy and tired but there wasn't the traffic like there is todayNT That's true.LS I ' ve gone around that bridge though there in Helper now ,it's wide enough and it would just be full of ruts in there and I had a wheel in each rut going around that sideways. (Laughter) I'm scared to death one morning going around that but no cars coming this way, they were all going the other way Yes, it was work work work and you really worked too When the union come in, this was one thing though, we were getting $8 10 for eight hours and when the union come in we dropped to $3.80 for eight52
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983hours. NT Why?LSá That's the wage they agreed on to start with NT Oh no.LSá $3 80 and that was on the outsideNT: Yes.LS That's what we received for eight hours and then gradually it worked back up again to what it is today but we went from $8.00 down to $3 80.NT Did you feel like the union was worth it?LS No, we didn't (Laughter) Then we'd have to pay uniondues too.NT Why did you join?LS Well, you couldn't work if you didn't belongNT Yes.LSá They would close shop If you weren't in the union youjust didn't work thereNT That's right What years was it good here in the miningindustry and what years was it bad?LS Well, from the time I started in 1929 we worked very gooduntil the spring of 1931 and then the bottom just fell out of it Then it picked up somewhat again, oh 1938 to around 1940 and then World War II started in 1941 and then it boomed until the 1950s and then it just went to pieces again and there wasn't anything. But I wasn't53
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983there then, I was at the college because I went to college in 1940 I guess it was. That's when I went there because I was working in Rolap and we working one, two and three days a week, sometimes a month I have a check here and I can show you, when I was working in Standard in 1934 when I paid my union dues, my doctor and welfare I got 35 cents for the month (Laughter) We worked one day in the whole month of June It was that way at Rolap and then I was trying to get on at Kenilworth because I didn't like it there at Rolap, that was the gassiest place I ever worked in As I said, I was scared of the mine I was welding and I was a tipple mechanic but in the summers there was no welding and I went into the mine and I was head electrician, I was hanging all the wire and all hot all alone and with that gas in there I wanted to get away from it so I was rustling Kenilworth and they kept promising me, "Well, as soon as we start we'll put on a night shift and we'll give you a job " I went out to the college and inquired one day and they said, "No, not right now but we might hire an instructor for welding shortly " So in a week or two I went back up there and they said, "You can start on the first of the month " I worked there one week and then George Jackson from Kenilworth and Painter the master mechanic came here and wanted me to go to Kenilworth I said, "Not now, I got54
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT LSNT LS NTLSanother job." (Laughter) So I didn't go back to the mine then. Well, I went back but I worked, for the best man I ever worked for in my life, a master mechanic at Standard, Rolap, and I followed him out to Horse Canyon, Carl AlgerWhat was his last name?Alger, A-1-g-e-r, and I went out there with him and worked during the summer months and I made more money there in the summer then I did at school all winter?I believe it. (Laughter)I would have stayed there except for her.Was it common for men to follow those that they liked to work with?Yes, in fact that's why my dad was mine foreman and the superintendent of the different mines because he was a Mason The Mason, all the bosses were Masons, wherever they went they took their master mechanic, their foremen and different bosses with them, they had men It's the same way, even though like I was never a Mason or neither was Alger but the master mechanic had his men and if they were good ones he would try to entice them when he went somewhere else to go with him I never worked for a better man in my life then that man so I was glad to go work for himNT: What would he have to do, get the company to provide a55
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983little more salary for them or just ask them to come atthe same salary?LS No, you went the same salary The master mechanicprobably got more but the union scale was such and suchso you worked for it no matter where.NT What about when your dad got to be the deputy coal mineinspector. Was that again somebody that he knew that heworked for or was there some other way?LS Yes, well this Jack Taylor that was a mine inspector andthey only had one and my dad and he had worked together at Hiawatha, both of them had been mine foreman there You see, there were two mines there at Black Hawk rather and so they would work together and had been friends too I guess Well, he was an Englishman too, maybe they knew each other before, I don't know but wherever one went the other was So when they decided to put on another mine i nspector he recommended my dadNTá Why did your dad leave that job?LS Well, they cut down on the expenses, the state did, theysaid they didn't need two inspectors they said. But here again I shouldn't be telling stories like that because the state in years past but the mine inspector had no backing. By that I mean, my dad told them at Castle Gate that they had to shut down because conditions were terrible. He came home, I went with him that day, went56
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983inspecting and then he came home that night and they got a telephone call from Salt Lake, "You are not to shut that mine down!" So they worked under conditions, you see they had explosions there which he knew in mining knew that it was unsafe, that they shouldn't have any men in there. In fact, he told them, he said, "This mine is closed down, there is nobody going to work." Well, when you get instruction from Salt Lake, the company just called in the main office and they had to pull in there and so what good is an inspectorNT That ' s true , did he ever talk about any of the frustrations involved?LS Oh yes, in many of the mines the same thing. As I said, there is no sense in me knocking my head against the wall because it does no good because they did, they had pull enough with whoever was in industrial commission at that time One of the big companies maybe slipped them a little money and that's all that was necessaryMSL Should I go change the water?LS Oh yes , maybe you betterNT Did your dad feel sorry when he had to leave the job ofmine inspector?LS No, he really didn't.NT Well, how did he feel about having to work in minesthough knowing that they might be unsafe?57
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983LS. Well, he wasn't working in them, see at that time we were just inspecting them and then that's when we went out Soldier Canyon, so he never did work in anymore that were unsafe like that after But he had worked in them before but he never did work at Castle Gate but he did work at Kenilworth but that was pretty much gas free, that was a good clean mine and Hiawatha and Mohrland was always goodclean mines as was Heiner. Standardville was quite gassy, I know I've been welding in there and water running down the ruins and across the floor. You'd see the bubbles of gas coming up and I'd be playing with a torch there and just light them and pop pop pop. (Laughter) Rolap though, that was one, you could smell the gas in there, it has noodor but you can smell it in that mine In fact when I went to work there, they had previous to that time gotten a lot of ore out of that mine but at that time I went there they were getting about seven barrels a week It'sjust dripping from the roof. NT Good heavensLS My Dad barreled them there and load it in and then ship it to Salt Lake. Oh, I hated to work in that area though, you get that coal dust on you and you almost need gasoline to wash it off with that oil in there. It just wouldn't wash off with soap.NT How did your dad feel about you being a miner?58
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983LS. He never ever did say, I don't know I know the first time that I went as I say I started in Peerless and I worked in pillars. Now that is where they've taken all the coal and just left areas, just like this wall. This is a pilar holding up that roof Well, they were pulling those pillars out and my dad was very upset when he found out that they put me in pillars at Green Horn He said,"That is no place for a Green Horn to be in pilar coal " But he didn't say anything about me getting out of there because he knew the mine very well because he had worked there, as I say, as a fire boss There was two brothers, George Howard who was a mine foreman and I don't recall his brother's name as a superintendent.NT Robert.LS Bob Howard, yes, Robert Howard was a super and George amine foreman, they were very good men and good coal men too but my dad was pretty much perturbed though when he found out that I was working with pillars.NT Did you switch jobs or did you just stay with pillars? LS No, I just stayed there loading coal Boy, that's workI'll tell you. NT. Oh, I bet.LS Scoop shovels and throwing that all day long Like I say I would go out and help my dad at Soldier Canyon there.We would put out maybe fifteen to twenty ton a day out59
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983there between us by the time I get out there and well like I use to have a pickup and I would go out there and we'd haul coal for myself and for him over there and for the family.NT How tough was it to make ends meet during the Depression? LS Well, it was very tough, by golly even there now like I say I bought a truck and was hauling coal. People thathad money would put you off, oh, it was hard to get money out of them. People, the working people that didn't have it they would take their last penny to pay you In fact, they would charge say three and a half a ton for nut coal and five dollars a ton for lump coal and they would buy one ton at a time, those people that couldn't afford it Three and a half, it took everything they had to pay for it. Those that had it all right and some of them I never did get my money. (Laughter) I don't know, it's funny how people that have money are so hard to get it out off.NT Yes, maybe that's why they still have it (Laughter)LS Yes, that's probably it But it was and then the banks closed and I hauled coal all the time and I received checks, I had a handful of checks but I couldn't cash them but I figured that if the banks were open one day they would be good which they were but boy I had a lot ofchecks before it finally opened though It was very hard, there were so many men out of work and like I say the60
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983mines working one day a week or one day a month, they didn't have the money. In fact my wife's impression of this county since she came from Salt Lake as a nurse to Standardville and her impression was that these miners would buy all new furniture in the fall because they worked good through the winter months and then in the spring companies would come and repossess it That was her impression of this county, just buy everything new, new cars and everything and then in the spring they would lose them Then they would get so in dept that the company store during the summer months that it would take half of the winter to pay off their deptNT Was it ever that way for you?LS No, I never traded at the company store In fact, seeduring that time that I was working at Standard and I went there, my dad was State Mine Inspector and they required everybody that was working in Standardville to board in the boarding house, single men or married men and we're driving back and forth, not a word was ever said to me because my dad was State Mine Inspector. So I drove back and forth all the time but with those long hours though, as I mentioned working, I got to the point where I would have gladly stayed at the boarding house but I waited too long and there was no room available andI had to keep driving.61
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NTá But you also didn't have to trade at the company store then?LS: No, I didn't have to. So I didn't have any bills at the company store.NT Oh, that was good.LS Yes.NT That was lucky.LS No I didn't, I paid for whatever I wanted in cash and Inever got in debt.NT Did you ever have any problems with the place that youwere assigned to work?LS. No, not really Just when I worked at Rolap though, Iknow many places there that I worked where I knew it wasn't safe and shouldn't have been In fact when I left, as I said during the summer I left at the last of August and went to work at the first of September at the college and I was drilling holes in the roof for trolley wire and a new entry and there was one bad place and I knew it was bad but I couldn't pull it down and so I had to put a hanger in there and I left it In fact, when I quit that night and the man that took my place said the next day they worked which was about a week later, only one day a week or so on, that thing come down and crippled him forlife NT. Ohno.62
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983LS I just left it you see, for the work the next day probably I would have gotten it But in the same entry though as I told many times, while I was in there at one time there was so much gas in that place and the motor would come in as far as this cable would reach or as far as the trolley wire was strung. Then they had a cable, a reel on top of the locomotive and they could go oh, as much as 500 feet with that cable They would just hang the nips on top of that wire and go. Well, this motorman went too far and the nip jerked off and when it did it arched. About from the roof down, about four feet that whole entry was just ablaze, the gas all ignited all at once.NT. Ohno.LS Boy, there was I don't know, maybe about twenty of us inthat entry and everybody started throwing rock dust trying to put out the flame but when it burned the gas it went out Well, we had to get out of there because there was no air, it had consumed the oxygen I just thought,"This was it" and that old entry, oh, it would be a block, a city block long, that whole area, just all burning at once If you stood up it singed your hair, but everybody ducked down and we were throwing rock dustNTá When did they start using the rock dust in the mines? LS I really don't know.63
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NT Was it always there when you were there?LS Yes, always from the time that I began but it wasn't usedas extensively When I first went though as the latter years but I really don't know when they began using that and that ' s why in some many places that they were skimpy with i t where they had problems.NT Did you ever have any problem with water in the mines? LS Well, just as I've mentioned in Rolap hanging that wire and there was water everywhere because it's down below Price River and I would have to stand on a powder box or else a lump of coal to drill a hole in order, as I've said I strung that wire and it was all alive 220 and 440 and I've gotten a load of that thing and to splice it, in fact one time there was a Johnny Colloney He became superintendent out at Kaiser Then they transferred him to Fontana I could see a light coming at a distance and I thought I was yelling bloody murder because I had a hold of those wires and I couldn't let go and it just doubled up my arms and my feet come back and I thought I was going to touch the back of my head When this light finally got up there so they could see me and he comerunning up there and he knocked me loose. He said, "Why didn' t you run?" I said, "I was screaming bloody murder! " He said, "You wasn't making a sound " With the ringing in my ears I thought I was just yelling for help but he said64
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983I wasn't making a sound I slid off a lump of coal and got down in the water and boy I was just carrying all that current. I think the worst jolt that I ever got though in the mine from electricity was on the telephone lineNT. Huh.LS It was just a 110 but one night there at Rolap I wasoutside and they called and sent a man out and they said, "The telephone line's broken somewhere in a cave someplace can you trace it?" So I went in the mine and atRolap they have twelve hundred feet, well, it's a fifty to sixty degree angle going down and the slope for the trip come out in the manway. In fact the water running down there and slimy and when you'd go in in the morning you would hear lunch buckets and somebody would slip and their lunch bucket would row clear to the bottom. But I started walking down there and pert near the bottom I found a big slab of rock had come off and broken the line I got them and was twisting it back together and somebody must have cranked that phone.NT Oh no!LS Oh! That got a hold of me and I couldn't let go and Itell you I never danced in my life with a four forty that I did with that one. (Laughter) Jimmity Christmas, that did hurt There is a lot of telephone lines in the mine65
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983too because they just had a big black box with batteries and a crank on it and the mouth piece and the ear piece and moving from place to place but boy that time they stand on that water and it really got me.NT Was Rolap a shaft mine?LS No, no, it had that steep slope and they pulled the carsup with a hoist. The only shaft mine at the state at that time, ---?--- working then but earlier was there at Castle Gate number three, that's just this side of Rolap where the shaft mine was. Then they later had one down to Salina Canyon My dad worked down there for a while and the second one down there but one night that thing caved in and it's a good thing there was nobody in the mine, they just had to leave it, they abandoned it completely.NT When did it cave? When did your dad work there?LS I can't remember the years. It was in the late 1920s It seems to me when I was there at Peerless but I'm not sureof the years but it seems to meNT Well, when did you say your dad became the coal mineinspector? LS: In 1927.NT And he worked until when?LS Until 1931 I guess it was.NT What about the shaft mine here at Castle Gate, when wasthat opened?66
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983LS I don't know when it was opened for sure but as I mentioned I drove truck for the state and county and we use to haul bonny coal from there to the court house. That was , well , it was in between the time and the summer months when, before I went to Kenilworth in 1928. So, it was sometime in the 1920s but I don't know just when andMLS á LS NTLSI don't know when it close. We had a friend when we were just going together, we went to their place for dinner at Castle Gate, Wes and Marry's, and he was a fire boss there and that was 1937.Before we were married.Yeah, it was 1937. So when it closed I don't remember. When you said you were hauling the bonny coal up to the court house is that what they use to sell to the--?Yes, in fact like I say when I picked bonny there at first , well, when we first started you don ' t know bonny from rock and you ' re just like everybody else A fter you get used to it you can see them and determine which is rock and which is coal. But I was just throwing everything and that's a waste of money did and in fact they used to, oh, many men here in Price with team and horses, used to go over and you could hear them in the wintertime and the sound you'll never hear those wagon wheels on the snow going at five o'clock in the morning up the highway and they would haul that bonny coal and67
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983sell it to people in Price or half of Price of cream coal and there would be some of it with just maybe a little bit of rock on it and some would be mostly rock but the bonny they would just throw it away and those fellows were, I think, good coal would cost about five dollars a ton and they would sell that bonny for two and a half.NT Would they get it free at the mines or did they have to pay for it.LS Well most of them would just give it to them and haul it away, get rid of it and then later there at Standardville they put in a big bin and a crusher and they crushed itI don't know whether they sold it or gave it to the Rio Grande, that's what they used in their engines at Spring Canyon.NT Uh, the bonny coal.LS The bonny coal, at Kenilworth too, I know they loadedrailroad carloads of it and then they sat it out on the siding there and people would go on and pick through itI believe you had to pay about $1 50 to $2.00 a ton for the bonny coalNT Or people could just load it into their own wagons and take it horne.LS. YesNT When you were first starting out around here, did peopleever just go to the hillsides and dig or did they go to68
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983the mines to get their coal?LS No, you had to go to the mines, because they were all,what mines there were owned and there was no open places where you could dig it out Well, and like as I say when we were looking for that and we went from Deadman clear across there is places there where its exposed eleven feet and beautiful coal but it wouldn't burn even with a torch, you see, all the life has been taken out of it but the sun, you have to get in there a distance before it's any good But when we were kids, oh, we had the horse and wagon here and we would go to Deadman or the Milburn Mine and that's around the hill from Kenilworth. You drive right in the mine with the horses and wagon and load it upNT That Milburn Mine, is that the one up Pine High School kind of? Where is it?LS Well, we used to go out I was going to say on that airport road We did go out to that kneed bush, I don't know whether the bridge is still out there beyond that new area where all the homes are, beyond that school out there. There was a bridge across the creek and we drove across that bridge and then turned straight north and go up the flats and it's just around the corner from Kenilworth. In fact, it was later known as the Perigees Mine, they mined it there for several years. Then I don't69
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983know whether Kenilworth finally bought it or whatNT It's in the Kenilworth scene thoughLS Yes But we'd drive right in there with the horses andwagons and load it up.NT Who would load it, would you load it yourself?LS. Yes, we as kids would go, my brother and I would take afriend or two and load that wagon My dad I remember at one time he was worried sick, by the time we got home here it was about ten o'clock at night one time There was so many up there after coal that we had to wait our turn. My golly, well, I guess it was near five o'clock or so, by the time we got in the mine and then loaded it and then coming down It was quite a dugway and we use to have to do them with a team and wagon in the wintertime, especially in the snow. They chain locked the wheel and by that they put a chain around the wheel and then fastened it on a solid part of the wagon so that that wheel would have to slide and the chain was put in such a position that it was right down on the ground and it would dig in the frozen ground to help hold you back going down the hill. Then we would have to do that and when we got home as I say my dad was worried sick because he thought we had an accident with a wagon or horses. We even hauled it from hard scrabble too and from the Peacock Mine, that pile of slacking as you see just as70
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983you go around the corner by the power plant, went right inside the hill and that was known as the Peacock Mine and we hauled it from there with a wagon I hated to go there though because our horses were scared of the trains and all the Castle Gate loaded cars went right up past the power plant there. There was well, just like we are, this close the road and those horses one time, I know I couldn't get them, they would go just seesawing and they were scared to death and jumping up in the air and finally some fellow with a Model T put a chain on the tug of the wagon and pulled the wagon, horses and all past that train If that had ever taken off though I neverwould have been able to stop them.NT When you would go up to the Peacock Mine or to theMilburn Mine for coal, were the owners there to collectfrom you?LS Oh yes I don't remember how much we paid but not verymuch as I remember, maybe a couple of dollars a tonNT How would they weigh it, did they have a scale there?LS Some of them did and some didn't Well, they got like mydad did when they were first opened Soldier Canyon, they had no scale but they just knew the capacity of the area of the truck or wagon or whatever it was So much coal would fit in that area, lump, slack or whatever so they charged in proportion to what you had and they weren't71
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983very far off either.I bet. (Laughter) Who owned that Peacock Mine?I don't know whoever opened it but a man by the name of Carlson I remember and I don't know which Carlson it was, did at one time. Do you know Tony Koss, the painter?Yes.time he threatened to kill that guy because he couldn't get his money out of him He'd work there for I don't know how long with no pay and they had to put him in jail, old man Koss for a while there, because he threatened to kill him (Laughter) because he couldn't get any money But others that owned it too and who they were, I don't knowNT What about Carl Niemann, wasn't he involved in several of the mines here?LS Yes, in fact he was the owner of National up Gordon CreekNT OhLSá And he was living up there when he was with my dad outhere. He never did do anything out there, in fact my brother and I were kind of resentful that he ever got in on it because the way he got in he furnished the horse and the mine car and I don't know, a pair of shafts or just equipment like that for the mine My dad took him inNT LSNTLS: Well, his dad was working up there I remember and one72
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983as a partner NT Oh dear.LS We resented it but anyhow he got in there and he did this surveying for them but he was very seldom out there though because like I say he was interested in National Coal Mine and he did surveying too for other coal mines surrounding.NT Did you find that in the coal industry you got to know most of the people involved in coal in this part of the state?LS Yes you did, you knew people in the different camps especially with us moving from camp to camp. Then I never did learn to dance and the reason why and just as I say I was just a young man working here at Standard and I started to go and they had this Silver Moon here in Price and the Rainbow Garden there in Helper, just right at the mouth of the canyon and just a little this way from where the school house is now I would go with the Standardville group, I would go and come home and change when I did ever get an off night and could do it. I would go out there with the Standardville bunch and the Kenilworth bunch would be there and the Castle Gate bunch and there was a gang fight.NT Oh no!LS Two or three weeks of that and I thought well if I'm73
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983going to learn to dance and do all this then I'm not going to learn to dance. (Laughter) In fact I was saved, I didn't have to go back because we started working day and night and I never had the opportunity but I never did learn to dance. We later in life square danced for years but I never did learn to ballroom danceNT As a kid growing up in the camps what was there to do beside sleigh ridding?LS Very littleNT Really!LS Very little.MLS Tennis, they had tennis courtsLS Yes, they did at Standardville but I wasn't a kid thenbut they didn't have them when I was a kid MLS OhNT What did you do for fun?LS I don't know, we were just playing in the evening and Iremember playing hide and go seek and run sheep run There was no form of entertainment at all. In the early years as I was a kid there was not even picture shows In later years they did have picture showsNT When did they start bringing them in?LS. Gee, I don't know, it was in the 1920s as I remember,Sunnyside had a man, what did they call him? Uncle Martin. I think his last name I know was Martin. He74
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983worked for, I guess, Utah Fuel because he had picture shows at Sunnyside and Castle Gate and I guess Kirkwood would too because there was only one company and they had an amusement halls and Hiawatha had their own in later years but when I say Hiawatha it was Black Hawk Hiawatha had nothing but Black Hawk did have an amusement hall. Mohrland never had an amusement hall either and Standardville didn't when we lived there because we got pictures I can show you where we lived in tents The only building was the office and the store and the amusement hall was built, oh, in the 1920s I guess before I went to work there but like I say I was working day and night so I had no reason to go to the Amusement Hall They had a confectionery in there too but I never ever did go to a confectionery.NT Well, of course you were commuting too though weren't youLS Yes. Like I say I never got in dept at the store for anything This partner that I worked with, this Harry Nelson, used to stop every day at noon, he lived there and he would go home and he would come back with a sack of chocolates every day at noon it never failed but I never did ever frequent the store at allNT I'm sure you didn't want to did you? (Laughter)LS Well, it got to the point where after I'd eat my lunch75
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983with those long hours I'd just get in the sand house and I would sit there with a glass of water and then snooze, I was just so tired because as I mentioned--MLS You had a grandmother too that insisted that you kids saved so much of your money and I guess you didn't have enough money to spend for goodies reallyLS She always said, "You don't buy anything unless you have the money to pay for it 11 That's still my policy today and so we didn't spend our money, we saved it as kids As I say we were working there and I was just so tired that this again, this mention of my grandmother she was living here with us at that time until she died and I'd come home like I'd say anywhere from ten o'clock to maybe two or three in the morning She'd be sitting there sound asleep in a little old wooden rocking chair with the door open trying to keep warm Sound asleep and there was my meal up in the warming oven, in that old kitchen stove I'd fill my lunch bucket and get back to workNT Well, at least she'd know you'd been there when the lunch was goneLS Yes, I would have to leave a note and tell my brother what to buy for my lunch bucket for dessert and jam for the sandwiches. Gee whiz, I got so tired of drinking out of an aluminum lunch bucket and oh, that water can taste awful after awhile76
 LEONARD SHIELD APRIL 14, 1983NTá Oh, I bet.LS Because I never did drink coffee and so I just carriedwater in the bottom of that old aluminum bucket.NT Did you always put the drinks in the bottom?LS Uh huh.NT And then what?LS Well then it had a little compartment about so deep wherewe would put the sandwiches, dessert or whatever?NTá Was each compartment about three or four inches deep? LS No, the bottom would be, oh, it would hold a couple ofquarts. I have a couple of those buckets around there It was only a couple of quarts of water and then the top section , oh , they were about I imagine seven inches in diameter and the top section is maybe four inches deep Then after we got married I had a lunch bucket and had a little pie tin in the top like that and every night I had banana cream, lemon or coconut cream pie until I got tired of those. (Laughter)MSL. Do you know, it's after four o'clockLS Oh, is it, gee whizMSL We have to go at five.NT Oh well, I better go then and give you a chance to getready but thank you so muchEND OF INTERVIEW77