 OLIN OLIVER Bluff, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-154July 22, 1971Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 22. 1971Tape #1:The Ute Indian War in Bluff .............. 1OutlawsinBluff.The Ditch . .Public Health.Colonizing and the United Order. Driving Teams on San Juan Hill . Sheep and Cattle Raising . . . Navajo and Ute Wars. . . . . . 3 6 9 . . . . . . . 11. ¥ 14 18 ¥ ¥ 20 ¥ ¥ 2 3 Guns and Predators .................. 26 Wells . . . . 30 The Uranium and O il Booms 33Posey and the White Men.¥..¥
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW FOR CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE AT FULLERTON AND THE UTAH STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY , ON JULY 22, 1971. SUZANNE SIMON IS INTERVIEWING OLIN OLIVER OF BLUFF, UTAH. [TAPE #1.]SS: Well, why don't you tell me first about your parents and when they came here, and begin that way? Who your parents were, what their names were and so forth.00: Well, they come here in about 1914, my mother came down here to can pears. out on the west bank of the Cottonwood Wash there was a first rock house built in Bluff, and they called it Vinegar Hill. They had the grape vineyards over there and the big pear trees that they made all kinds of beverages and vinegar[out ofJ, you know. Everyone who wanted a 1ittle vinegar, they would send the kids over there, or go themselves to get the vinegar, and that's why it was called Vinegar Hill. The war broke out here in about 1913 with the Utes and they used this building for their fort, and did a lot of shooting from that building. The Utes killed one white man and one Mexican.SS: What were their names, do you remember?oo: No, I don't remember their names. Old Coat killed a white man and he killed a Mexican right up here on the cemetery hill. The Utes would hide up here in thecracks in the bluff here and shoot from there. The chief, he would ride horseback along the rim of that
 OLIN OLIVER #1bluff giving orders and cussing and everything, and then there wasn't anyone of the whites [that] had a gun that would reach that far to get him. He was real bad in that way.SS: Well now, I believe you told me that. When were you born? Yesterday I believe you told me, but I didn't write it down. Did--00: 1909.ss: 19O9. So, you were a 1ittle boy when you al1 movedhere, I mean you were real young. (car in background) . Well, did your whole family come here with your mother and your father?00: Yes, uh-huh.SS: Now in that rock house on Vinegar Hill, was it, andthe vineyards and the orchard and everything, it wasn't damaged by the flood that they had--when was it? In 1910?00: No, it didn't get this high (car in background) it went down the back streets and then turned and went down and went a block from the south.SS: Let's see, you say your mother came to pick pears and all, where did they live before you all moved here?00: We come from Blanding down here.SS: Oh, there weren't many people up Blanding then werethere?2
 OLIN OLIVER #100: Very few, very few.SS:00:SS: 00:Well, why don't you tell me about how it was here when you first remember as a little boy. Was the town really prosperous and--?Yes, it was, this town was the richest town in the United States.Uhmm.The times were good then, I mean they had lots of moisture, rainfall and snow and everything and the ranges were all open then, I mean no forest service or--they were grazing and what have you. They had big--they were on this next lot across here, there were three outlaws from Texas, and they made a little building there, and they were real quarrelsome with the residents, you know, they would shoot the lights out of the entertainments or church or anything. So they had a co-op store here and the bishop--gosh, I remember him so well, he went in the store and called some of the stock-holders in and said, "We'11 just buy those fellows out." They branded of the E-L-K, and they used Elk Mountain, that's how Elk Mountaingot its name.SS:00: They had huge number of cows--this country throughhere was kind of an outlet for outlaws from all over 3Oh.
 OLIN OLIVER #1Colorado and that part of the country, and they would go through here with stolen horses and stuff like that. They would get down to Hall's Crossing at the Colorado River, that was the crossing. He [Hall] had the ferry, and they boarded their stuff there too, and they would go into the Henry Mountains and get away from the law. They stole a bunch of horses here as they were going through and took them with them. They got down just below Comb [Wash], and Bucks deputized him to go after them. They got down below the breaks beyond Comb Wash and one of the outlaws shot him, and oh, it just--a thousand things like that.SS: So did he die?oo: Yes. He killed him right there.SS: You say these three outlaws that were living overhere on the edge of town and causing all the trouble-00: It was right there; they just joined this lot right here.ss: Oh. They are the ones that formed the elk, the E.L.K. cattle?00: They used that, that was their brand name, uh-huh.SS: Uh-huh.00: And they used Elk Mountain as summer range--4
 OLIN OLIVER #1 (mumbling)SS:00: SS:00:Well, now, were the cattle that they ran good cattle or were they just range stock?Oh, just range stock, sure, uh-huh.Well, I understand that real early the people in Bluff tried to bring in good hereford bulls and build their stock up, is that right?That's right. But of course there were the Indians south of us, in the river here. (car)--had all colors of cows and all there have the government still trying to build their stock up, but they still have black and white cows and all colors.Then I guess it was really a problem for people here to build up their herds with all that maverick stock in there.Y eah.What did you father do when you all settled here? Well, he was a stockman, farmer and everything.Did it take you, when you got here, did you have enough money to go ahead and build a house, or did you kind of have a struggle to get established?Oh, well, we just lived around. We used to live in the old pioneer house, and we used to live in the first house in town, and we used to 1ive in loghouses and everything. Well, it was 1918 when we 5SS:00: SS: 00: ss:00:
 OLIN OLIVER #1bought this place.SS: 00:When was this house built?Well, they were all built--they had a three-room school house here with a jail in it (car)--the original rocks from the school house, and they had two rooms on the north, east and west, and yes, they had a plaque up on top of the top layer of rock,"188911 carved in stone, so that's about when the oldest house was built.Did you go to school there?Y es.There must have been quite a number of children. Did they have three teachers?They had two teachers most of the time. Then in later years they cut it down to one teacher. But all the time I was in school there were 36 kids, and big rooms and--oh, about twenty, I would say, were out there in the jail house. There were about--let's see,twenty. I used to know, it got to be down to be 27 families. There for a long time there were five or six families but before that there were about 34 families here and they all had a little piece of ground they all farmed; worked hard. The head of theditch, it was up at Recapture [Wash], and they would, the ditch workers would go up there and camp, youss: 00: ss:00:6
 OLIN OLIVER #1know. When they got near town they would bring the wagons down this way.SS: Well, the people that worked on the ditch, were they just town people that volunteered their time, or--?00: Yeah, they formed a ditch company and they would give you so much credit for every day you worked on the ditch and divided that up among the acreage that was irrigated. If you worked over your amount of assessment of ground, why then they would pay you cash, and if you were short, you would pay cash to the president of the ditch.SS: I see. Well, now, with the river changing course and one thing and another, tell me about what¥s--I'm sure they had to build it and re-build it.00: Oh, yes. They had lots of trouble with the ditch. It filled up with sand, there wasn't enough fall, there was fall in the ditch and it filled with sand; they had lots of trouble. They had lots of rain here and these little washes would wash stuff into the ditch,dirt and trash and what have you. We had lots of trouble, that's where I got all this white hair is on that ditch. Boy, I've worked there many years on that thing.ss: What, when you first started working on it, tell me how you went about working it. Obviously you didn't7
 OLIN OLIVER #1have Cats and that to work it with.00: We just had slip shavers pulled with the teams and-- you know what they are, I guess, don't you?SS: Well, I've never seen one. Why don't you tell me what they looked like.00: Well, it was metal that was built up with sides on and it had handles in that you could raise. It had a bale on that you could hook to your double tree and the end of the bale. The bale hooked on the ears of the scraper and it had wooden handles out the back you could raise that up and fill the scraper. Then when it was filled you could lift up the handles and it would dump your load.SS: It must have been awfully slow work.00: It was slow, very slow.SS: When would you try to work on the ditch? Duringwinter?00: No, we usually started about the first part of March,the first week in March usually, and take, oh, fromthree to four weeks to do the work on the ditch.SS: Then, oh what, around the first of May do you startgetting your snow run-off?00: Yeah. they used to have a ditch out at CottonwoodWash up here near the lower part of town here, and they always had plenty of water around from the8
 OLIN OLIVER #1runoff from the mountains up there. The river ditch irrigated all the east of town.SS: How many brothers and sisters did you have?00: One sister, that's all.SS: Just one sister and yourself. I know that around 1900they had that outbreak of diphtheria that hit the town so hard, was there anything like that here after your family came?00: No. In 1918 when the flu was so bad we never did catch it, but there was this diphtheria, that epidemic. There were 7 in one family that died within three or four days of each other. Five children and the mother and dad.SS: What family was that?00: Deckers.SS: Oh, the Deckers. Did they ever figure out who broughtthe diphtheria in here?00: No, I never did hear.SS: I just wondered if they ever decided how it--ofcourse, I know there was diphtheria around.00: But in 1918 when the flu was raging there were lots of Indians--why, they died like flies. Gene Powelland my dad and Al Maddens and June Powell, they went out to bury a fellow [whose] whole family died but one little girl, and they dug a hole, you know, and9
 OLIN OLIVER #1got the bodies in. Then this Gene Powell, he talked Navajo real well, he asked this little girl if that's alright and motioned, you know, if that's alright and she started to get down in (car)--SS: Think about those little things that happened. When you were going to school over here, you hear so much about the young people being rowdy and different things today. Did you all ever--what did you do for fun?00: Oh we played shimmey and football and stuff like that, work-up, baseball and everything like that.SS: Did any of the Indian children go to this school?00: Not while I was there to school. Kids then, they didn't educate Indians in those days, that is, around here.SS: Were there any doctors here in town?oo: Just midwives doing that sort of nursing.SS: Where was the nearest doctor?00: Doctor Johnson in Cortez. There was not a doctor inMoab or anything.SS: When you went to Cortez and on up that way to therailroad, how did the roads go? You didn't go upthrough Blanding?00: No, we went up the river.SS: Oh. How long would it take to make that run?10
 OLIN OLIVER #100: SS: 00:SS:00:SS:00:Oh, gosh, I don't know, maybe one day.Was there a pretty fair wagon road?It was a wagon road, and they would carry mail by horse down here that way here for years. Dick Butts was mail carrier. They carried it in a buggy.Did they bring the mail every day?No, no, maybe once a week or like that, but they had relay stations and all that.Well, did the people feel like that they had to stay pretty close to Bluff for safety from the Indians, or did some of them branch out and homestead?Well, they didn't homestead right around here. But Albert Lyman went up to Blanding in 1907 and it was quite a while before he got many settlers; but I was reading somewhere just the other day where he would count the campfires at night to know, to tell who else had joined his party. He told about five campfires one night and then within a month or two or three weeks there were seven campfires he counted.Then after a while he said he got to fifteencampfires up there.ss: Well, you say your family came down from Blanding.Where had you been living, or the family been livingbefore you came down here?oo: Well, we come from Waterflow, that's up the San Juan11
 OLIN OLIVER #1River here. Judd they call it now. Then Dad decided to do farming.SS: They were just moving around?00: Yeah. I was just three years old when they came here. SS: Were outside families made pretty welcome here?00: Yes, this is a Mormon settlement, you know, exceptfor the Indians, and there were 83 wagons [thatJ arrived here to begin with. There wasn't enough acreage for that number of families, so they put 83 papers in the hat and left half of them blank. They passed the hat around and drew a slip out and if you got a blank, the ones that got blanks were supposed to go on up east to Montezuma Creek and the ones with numbers stayed here and they lived the United Order here. Do you know what I mean by the United Order?SS: No, I think you'll have to tell me.00: Well, they had a bishop here and a ward and theUnited Order is all the families (car)--pooled their belongings, you know, and had certain cooks and everything to cook meals and everything. It was one big family in other words. They had a big co-op sheep herd and a big co-op cattle company, and like I said, the ranges were all open and they had lots of rainfall. I can remember when I would ride out hereacross the wash and the grass would be up so that it 12
 OLIN OLIVER #1was over the horses clear down to his front leg on the other side. It was taller that your head. They really flourished, I mean, everybody got wealthy,SS:00: SS:oo:like I said, it was the richest town in the United States.From the livestock?Livestock and farming.Where did the company or the town get its cattle and sheep? I mean, they couldn't bring that much with them, could they?No, they--let's see, they brought 70 head of cows in here when they came, and I don't know what would be the milk cows I guess, just for milk 1ike that. Of course there were 83, then the wagons. They had to have teams, so that would make a herd of stock right there to begin with. Then they bought these Elk cows and traded a lot with the Indians on the south side of the river here for a long while. They ranged over there and then on this side, away from the Indians.Well, now that explains where the cattle came from, but what about the sheep? Did the Indians have sheep? The Indians had sheep. When they first brought in the lumber for these buildings after the--when they started building with rocks, all the building material and everything came from Colorado, CortezSS:00:13
 OLIN OLIVER #1and Delores really; that was the shipping point.ss: Was it lumber that was milled up there from those mountain slopes?00: Uh-huh. (car)--Delores and that way.ss: That was quite a project to haul all the materialdown here. 00: I should say.ss: That must have been many a wagon load.00: Well, it took a lot of years with freight wagons.SS: Did you ever drive freight wagons?00: Yeah, half my life.ss: Well, tell me about some of the different kinds ofrigs you drove.oo: Oh my hell, I've driven every kind. We went down toMexican Hat after we came here and put up a store down there in that old trading post. In the beginning, my dad and my granddad built a store forty miles south of Shiprock right on the road to Gallup. There is a station there now; I've got a picturethere of a little log house.SS: Well, I'd like to see it if it's not too hard tofind, maybe later.00: Okay. Like I said, three years old when I came hereand then we moved on down to Mexican Hat and put up a store down there. Indian kids were all I had to play14
 OLIN OLIVER #1with, you know, and I learned their language just as good as--well, Mama says, now I can't remember, but Mama said I used to say phrases in Navajo that I couldn't in English.SS: Well, down at your trading post what did they trade for? Was it the silver and the blankets, or what were the best items to get from the Indians?00: Oh they brought lots of cows and sheep, drove them clear to Thompson's to market them and all kinds of dry goods, mostly bolts. Bolts, what I mean by that is calico and stuff like that they had in big rolls, bolts of material that they sold. Then they used to go back and forth from Mexican Hat up here you know. When I was a little older kid we used to go down there. I wish you could see San Juan Hill, boy that was really the treat of your life if you could see that. The Comb [Ridge] and Butler both were just out of solid rock, chiseled out and picked so you could get up with the wagons or down the mountains. Boy, I went down that when I was just a little kid with a load of hay and loads of everything.SS: Well, how old were you when you first started, when you learned how to drive a team?oo: How old? Oh, I was what, four or five.ss: Kids don't know today what it is to do work like15
 OLIN OLIVER #1 that, do they?00: Heavens no. Yeah, the first horse I can remember riding, I was three years old. It was a work horse, I never will forget that. They had the harness on and they just put me up on there. I was holding the reigns and that horse would go down the hill like that. She would do that and it would scare the heck out of me. I'll never forget those things.SS: Did you ever lose a team or a wagon there on San Juan Hill?00: Oh yeah, boy, I was coming out to Two-Tone Bluffs with Rye Butts, and I had gone down there to get wood to haul up here, firewood. His team was smaller than the team I had and I wanted to go. We stopped there and went down to Butler [Wash] to get a drink at a spring and we got up to the wagons: were ready to pull up the hill. I said, "You'd better let me go first and drive," and he said, "No, I'd better go first; I can't make it without you hooking on to me." We used to do that a lot, take a team's double tree and chain and put the chain around the tongue, you know, and get help up the hills, all the way up.Anyway, he got up to the point on the dugway and he was having trouble. The team wasn't quite strong enough to go up that. I couldn't hold the team and16
 OLIN OLIVER #1they started up and they ran right up to him. His team was stalled there, kind of backing up and what have you, and that started my team to backing up down the grade. I couldn't stop them and they went off a-- oh hell, 150 foot drop, I guess, oh gee.SS: Did you get free?00: I jumped off. I didn't get--but my hell, that was amighty move then.SS: Did it kill any of the team?00: No, neither horse was killed. It was more or lessdirt bank after they got started down, and they dug in this dirt, you know, and broke the fall, but it tore their legs all to pieces.SS: Hum.00: One of the horses was flat on his back with his feetsticking up in the air, and the other one was stillon his feet, but--SS: I bet that gave you an awful sinking feeling to watchthat thing go.00: Yeah, and two or three times we would come up fromMexican Hat. Butler [Wash] was quite a bog hole where you crossed, and we bogged our wagons down there several times and had to leave them and go on in and come back and dig them out.SS: Hum. Did you use horses mostly for the work or mules 17
 OLIN OLIVER #100: ss: 00:SS:00: SS: oo: SS: 00:SS:00:or--?Horses.Any oxen?No, I can't remember any oxen, I don't think there were any here.How did your folks make out in the trading post there?Oh, pretty well.How long did they keep it?Quite a long while; I don't know.Did the Indians treat them pretty good?Oh yes, the Indians were good, yeah, they had lots of stock and lots of sheep and lots of cows. We bought-- or Grandpa did--big herds of sheep and herds of cows. They would buy them down there on the reservation and then trail them up to Thompson.Uh-huh. They would hold them down there maybe for-- well, the sheep the would hold down there for three or four months, but cows were a little harder to hold.SS: Ah.00: These big steers would come in here, four or fiveyear old steers with a spread of horns, you couldn't- -we had a sheep down there, and this one horn was big and goofy, and that sheep would--18
 OLIN OLIVER #1SS: Were they hard to trail, I mean, were they real wild00:SS:00:ss: 00: SS:or were they used to being--?Oh, part of them were wild, of course, and some of them weren't, but we only lost a few. Those steers would get away and cross the river and go back home, but not too many, not among them I guess--(mumbling) Do you have any idea what they would pay by the headfor sheep and cattle in those days?Oh, yeah, they wouldn't be much. Fifty cents a head, a dollar maybe at the peak. Maybe 12-15 dollars for cows, not more than that.Times have changed a little bit, haven't they?Yeah, they have, yeah.I imagine it was pretty hard to find out and to judge what the market was going to be like once they got to Thompson, or to sell them at the railhead. Did they ever get left with a big herd or have the market drop out from under them?00: No, I remember one time when we thought we were going to get $45 a head for stock. I helped them drive out and we got out there. $11 to $14 was as much as we got for stock after we got out there.SS: Practically giving them away at that, weren't you? oo: Uh-huh. So you had to make something, but they didn'tpay very much at the end. 19
 OLIN OLIVER #1SS: Well, you say your father, your grandfather andfather did most of the buying and that. Did your mother and you kids live here in Bluff while they had that?00: Most of the time. I was down there a lot, but then I had to attend school and like that.SS: Was there any problem about having a herd of your own, I mean that was separate from the company that the town owned?00: Oh, yeah, that was resented considerably--(mumbled) ss: What about the Indians themselves, you said they didn't bother you all particularly there at the trading post. But was there much fighting or troublebetween the different tribes?00: Yeah. The Navajos and the Utes were feuding all thetime. The Utes had the--they used Douglas Mesa and south of the river, and they were up Allen Canyon up on Elk Mountain there. Well they--I remember the Utes would come from across the river and bring a dozen horses or fifteen that they would steal from theNavajos and take up there. The Navajos were less afraid of the Utes, you know, to go up in that country and get them. Yes, there was a lot of thatgoing on.SS: Did the tribes dispute much over who was going to use20
 OLIN OLIVER #1 the land?oo:Well, the Utes had mostly on this side of the river and the Navajos were of course on the north side of the river too, but they didn't fight about the use of it. There weren't very many Utes here anyway, just renegades, compared to the Navajos.That last Poke and Posey War that was in 1923? '23, yeah.What can you remember about that? Oh, everything.Tell me about it.W ell--Were you here or down on the reservation when that trouble, or down at the trading post when that trouble broke out?Well, I was here and down there too.Good.Yeah, there was Sam's boy and Joe Bishop's boy, that's the way we called the kids, and then old Dad. He, Joe Bishop, he had boys, and that's the way we called them. They robbed a sheep camp up Montezuma Creek and come down here and camped near Butler [Wash]. All those white mesas, they lived out therebetween here and Butler. A bunch of these Navajos were after them and they shot Sam's boy through theSS:oo: SS: 00: ss: 00: SS:00: SS: 00:21
 OLIN OLIVER #1knee but they never did get 'em. Joe Bishop's boy, the other one, he crossed the river into the rocks and--ah, no, this was the war before that. I remember three Indian wars. This was--heck, this must have been 1919 I'd say.SS: Well, go ahead with this story.00: Well, this Joe Bishop's boy that crossed the river,he got into the rocks and got away. Sam's boy got into camp and they never did capture him. But that night they all packed up and went up Comb Wash. They wasn't followed, and that make them a little more aggressive, you know, and they were pretty sassy for years.SS: Well, now, can you give me some kind of idea about how big a group there was living there?00: Oh, there were probably fifty or sixty in all camped there. They used to come in town with bows and arrows and shoot. They would shoot back and forth up the street, it was a game they had, you know, there would be a dozen of them shooting arrows at different objects and the one that would get nearest the mark,they would go pick these other arrows up and bring them down and shoot back and forth again.,SS: Thats arrowhead collecting at a little too close a range, isn't it?22
 OLIN OLIVER #100: Well, they, when the rabbits would get thick here,SS:00:SS: 00: ss: oo: ss: 00: ss:00:every year they would go through town up on the bench and bring back dozens of rabbits, each one tied on each side of their saddles. They would do that all the time.Well, in 1919 they never did catch and punish the ones that broke into the sheep camp.No, they got away. Then in 1923 my grand-dad's brother was the county sheriff then--What was his name?W ill Ozzer.Oh yes, uh-huh.Did you ever read the "Saga of San Juan"? Yes, I've read it.His picture is in it and Jane's.Yes, I remember now, but I couldn't remember just exactly.He was having trouble with Sam's boy up at Blanding. That Sam's boy started to run his race horse and started to go into the cedars. Uncle Will took afterhim and he shot Uncle Will's horse through the neck and Uncle Will had to change horses then, so by that time they had got down on White Mesa where their camps are now. Well, half of Blanding was able men, so they went down there and they had a regular war,23
 OLIN OLIVER #1you know. One white man would be behind one tree and an Indian would be next and next a white [man], and they were real mixed up. Edson Black, that's Uncle W ill's son-in-law , him and Uncle W ill and someone else come down in a car. About seven miles this side of Blanding they shot into the car, it was a touring car, a lot of glass in it, you know. When they hit the car, why they all got shot (mumbled) and then they, the Indians, got started and went west and collected and the white men collected. Bill Gallespy, he shot Posey, he was the leader, general or chief whatever, they shot him right through the hips and they shot Johnny Roger's horse, killed him, but they missed Johnny Rogers. B ill Y oung--to show you they were all mixed up, Joe Bishop's boy and Sam's boy, these two leaders, too, they saw Bill Young down in the wash 1ike--they were, oh, maybe a quarter of a mile from him-- and they started running toward him with their guns, and instead of Bill Young running, he started toward them and he shot Joe Bishop's boyand he said he could have shot Sam's boy just as easy, but after he got Joe Bishop's boy, he hollered like everything when he fell. It killed him and Sam's boy, of course, he ran.SS: Ah.24
 OLIN OLIVER #1oo: So they got Posey, but he wouldn't surrender. Theyss:00:made a big wire stockade up there at Blanding out of barbed wire. I can remember they had a 1ot of Indians in there. But Posey wouldn't surrender and he got to a little spring up there at Comb Wash high up in the ledges. They let Joe Bishop's boy--of course, this was another one--go down there and try to get him to surrender and everything. But he wouldn't. They figured that he got blood poisoning and they said after they found out that he died, they figured that he had just crawled back and forth to this spring. You could see he crawled on his hands and knees, crawled back and forth until he finally died.Well, do you think that Sam's boys and Posey and Bishop's boys were kind of the fine leaders of the people or were they outlaws themselves?Oh, they were outlaws, yeah, Poke and Posey. But they were good men too. I can remember them so well and they weren't quarrelsome or anything. They were smart men, but they sure (mumbled) nervy and they were after Peterson (mumbled).ss: Well, do you think they really figured they could oust the settlers, I mean, the white settlers here?00: Well, I don't think they figured that, they were just kind of renegades, you might say, outlaws. They lived25
 OLIN OLIVER #1on lots of cows and stole horses. We had a little bunch of horses running on my ranch down here, and he moved from Horse Canyon up here down to Mexican Hat. This one little bunch of horses was located on Line Ridge, and we used to have lots of trouble with them, Wesley, and getting in fights with them and hair pulling and braid pulling and what have you, so they got this little band of horses down there and they shot and cut one little mare's ears off and they shot her through the nose and the bullet lodged in the--[END OF S I D E ONE OF T A P E ]00: --and the little white mare, they just slit her ears and--ss: Just for devilment?00: Yeah, just to be ornery. Just outlaws.SS: Well, when people, once the town here was soprosperous, I'm sure it must have been a perfectlydelightful place to live.00: Oh, it was. You bet.SS: Green and pretty and all, but what made the familiesstart moving out?00: Oh [it was] just natural, we got too many peoplehere, I guess. They moved out to Blanding and Monticello. My granddad hauled the first barbed wire26
 OLIN OLIVER #1into Monticello to fence the first fields inSS:00:SS:00: ss:oo:Monticello.Where did that come from?It come from Colorado: Cortez, Durango, around Delores.Well, when you were growing up yourself when did you finish school? How many grades did they have over here?Eight.Eight, huh? When you got out you worked with your father and grandfather with the stock and freighting and so forth?When I was nine years old the rabbits were thick down there and there was a family that lived right near the store and they would go hunting rabbits. I said, "Grandpa, I wish I had a gun." I liked to hunt, you know. He said, "There's a . 22 there in the store that's been pawned that's dead, you know. The pawn was dead, but you never hold a pawn for so long a time, if they don't pick it up in that length of time, then you have the right to sell it." He said, "There's that little .22 in the store and the pawn isdead, you can have that if you want it." Nine years old, and I always had access to all the shells I wanted, you know. There I was, nine years old, and by27
 OLIN OLIVER #1myself, just go where I wanted. Yeah, I hunted rabbits, and I got to be pretty good shot too. Boy, I could shoot the eye out of a rabbit anytime.SS: Well, down here this far south, did you have deer or any other game come down here?oo:SS:00:ss: oo:No, there wasn't deer, wasn't around here. Now there are quite a lot of deer that come down. But in those days, there was too much stock on the range, I guess, or something.How about predators, down here did you have a lot of wolves or coyotes, that--Oh yes. There were a lot of foxes and coyotes. Gosh, we used to trap here every winter, oh yes.Did you have a trap line? Well,Iwasatrapperfor15or20years.AsakidI messed around.SS: Did you ever lose much stock to wolves or whatever? 00: No. No, I had a little horse in John's Canyon over here that we figured a lion must have grabbed him. But we caught this old cat, a real big one. That's the only time I remember anything like thathappening.SS: Well, when you trapped fox, did you cure the peltsand sell them?00: Uh-huh. Put them on a stretcher, stretched the hides28
 OLIN OLIVER #1of coyotes and shipped them to the eastern fur houses and sell them. There used to be lots of badgers here, and foxes, coyotes, red fox. My dad used to trap redfoxes, they're quite expensive pelts. When we were on the reservation outside of Shiprock he caught--well, they run in clans, red foxes, and well, he caught I don't know, a 1ot of them though, three or four hundred I guess. I remember the Indians used to tell Mamma and Dad that they were superstitious in anything like that, if you catch them, you'11 die. Finally when my dad did die, why, they laid that on-- they came along crying, put their arm around her and cried (mumble).SS: How old were you when your Father died? 00: Well, I was real young, real young.SS: Well, did your Grandfather stay and help? 00: My Grandfather married my mother.SS: Oh, well.00: So.ss: Took over raising the family. Well, now which camefirst, the trading post down at Mexican Hat or theone over by Shiprock?00: Over at Shiprock.ss: And did they run the two at the same time, or didthey get rid of the one at Shiprock and then move? 29
 OLIN OLIVER #100: No, they sold that one, south of Shiprock. Then myGrandmother died and then my Grandpa married my mother. He went down to Mexican Hat and bought this store, oh about--I think the first, he were down there about 1916 or 1917, 1918 until he got established. It took him a while. But the Indians, a lot of them were right around Mexican Hat then and around the river and he did real well.SS: He must have been quite a fellow to have established on-going concern like that in that rough country. He must have not been a very young man then.oo: No, he was in his fifties.SS: Well, that's pretty young. In fact, that looksyounger the older I get!00: Yeah. Well, these kids now look--and our age now theythink you're really--SS: Well, I've found it's a matter of perspective, itdepends where you are. Let's see. When did you get married, or what had you worked at when you got out of school?00: I just kept on farming and oh--we always had a bunch of cows and a bunch of horses.SS: Where did you meet your wife?00: Well, here, I guess.SS: Did they have lots of dances and parties and so forth30
 OLIN OLIVER #1He drilled up. They put in pipelines from this other well all over town and each--oh, several of those homes, they paid so much charge for the drilling, and that's why it don't cost us a nickel for water. Year after year we don't have to pay a nickel for out water. Then he drilled this well up there that wasfor irrigation, where you come in town. Then he drove a well straight up in the hill here for this half of town. We have 8 hour rights for water. Gosh, we-- everybody raised big gardens and the water supported them.ss: Have the wells ever failed since then or have they been good all this time?00: Yeah, the whole time. They tired to cement this well up here, north of us. The water conservancy went in there and tried to cement it. People quit raising gardens, you know, and the wells didn't need the water, and the water conservancy tried to plug this well up, but it still runs. (mumbled) But Mr. Horseburger drilled that well. Let's see, there are one, two, three, four, five, six, seven wells. With this little boiler made with steam, steam from fire.SS: Well, the wells that you said you had before then, were they wells or were they cisterns?oo: No, they were wells, just drop a bucket down there 32
 OLIN OLIVER #1and get you water.SS: Ah, well, your wife, was she a Bluff girl, or somebody who was raised here?00: Yeah, she was raised here.ss: And after you were married, did you settle down righthere?oo: Oh, we moved all over the state, all over the state. SS: What, were you working different places around?00: Yeah. I was working plumber, working servicestations.ss: Uh-huh. Then when did you--did you always considerBluff your home and want to come back?oo: Well, yes, more or less. Uh-huh. We lived up in SaltLake County for several years, and then down in Utah County and in several towns, American Fork, we lived there for a few years, then down to Spanish Fork and lived there a few years, and then we went to Alpine, that's up in the Uintah mountains [Wasatch Mountains]. Then down to Payson, we lived there.SS: Where were you living when the uranium boom came into this country?00: Here.SS: Here. Did that cause a lot of excitement here? oo: Oh yeah, I should say.SS: Did you do any prospecting?33
 OLIN OLIVER #100: No, no. (mumbled)SS: Well, I personally know there was a lot of oreshipped through this country and it was mined in Butler and Cottonwood [Canyons] and al1 around. Were there--did many people move in and did the town build up any during those times?00: Oh yeah, there was quite a boom there during that, yes, and they made a lot of people wealthy. Then this NF Oil came right after that and they are still getting a lot of wealth in there. They have pipelines into Wyoming and one into California which went west and one went east too.SS: Did you get involved at all with all that activity? 00: No, I didn't. I wasn't cut out to be a miner, I guess. Down in Mexican Hat when I was a kid there wasquite a boom down there for oil. SS: Did they--?00: Ellis Oil Company from Salt Lake had a man stationed down there in Mexican Hat. I was getting--now a oil promoter come through here, and he was talking loud, and my brother-in-law had a store right in that little--right behind where Freida's car is, that'swhere his store was, and he built this home for Freida, for my sister and her husband, and--ah, whatwas I saying before that? 34
 OLIN OLIVER #1SS: You were talking about the oil promoter and--00: Oh, and this oil promoter, he went into the store andhe talked loud, you know, so everybody could hear him, and he wanted somebody to take him to Mexican Hat. I heard him and I went across the street and told Nancy. So I did, and he said, "How about you being my partner?" I thought that was a darn thing to do. He said, "I'll pay you 10 cents a mile." and he said, "I have interests in Nevada and drilling the oil down there." He said, "I've got a place in Walker Bank, an office there," and he said, "You be my partner and well give you--"[END OF T APE]35