 ROBERT R. PORTER VOLUME 1
   ROBERT HAMPTON PORTER Salt Lake City, UtahAn Interview ByFloyd A. O'Neil and Gregory C. ThompsonEverett L. Cooley Oral History ProjectTape Nos. U- 344 to U-357September and October 1984 January 1985Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
      THE UNfVERSITY OF UTAHEVEREárr L. CCX)LEY ORAL HISTORY COLLECTIONUNIVERSITY LIBRA RIESMARRIOTT LIBRARYSALT LAKE CITY. UTAH 8A112I willingly contribute my testimony recorded on 26, 28 September and 1, 10, 17, 24, 26, 29, 31 October 1984; and 14, 24 January 1985 to the Library of the University of Utah to be used for scholarly purposes._ _/_ _ Open and usable after my review._ _ _ _ Usable with the following restrictions:
  Table of ContentsTape No. 1Early Life.Parents......... .Porter-W alton Company.Move to Federal Heights.School Years.University of Utah Years..Car Experiences . .Masters in Metallurgy . .Tape No. 2Butler Avenue. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40 Trolleys........................ 41 First Job. . . . . . . . . . . . 46Second Job in Arizona. . . . . . .Job at Manning. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61 Metallurgy Proccesses................ . 65 Work With Cyanimid . . . 69 Met Wife..... . . 72 Tape No. 3Flotation. 75 Innovators in Flotation. . 77 Cyanimid Operation................... 80. . . 3 . 4 . 7 . . . . 16 . ..... 23 29 3353
  Mining in Arabia.................... 83Job Offer in Africa...8992Journeyto South A frica . . and Nkana . . . .NchangaTape 114Servant's Duties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 103 Recreation Facilities................. 106 Weather Conditions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 107 Malaria Control . . .Strike at Nchanga.Pictures of Hunting..Tape No. 5Dutch Freighter to Africa............... 121 Anglo-American Corporation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 124 Train to Rhodesia................... 125Victoria Falls . . .A rrival127at Ndola. Procedures . . of Staff. Language . . . Provisions . .128 ¥ 131 . . 133 . 136 . 137 . 142 144 . 148 . 150MiningMakeupCommonNativeWar Years..... .White Ants. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Strike at Nchanga . .Wages.Tape No. 6ii. 109 ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 111 ¥ ¥ 115.98
  Move to Nkana. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 153Most Important Contribution at Nchanga . . . . . . . . Cobaltite Process . .Metallurgical Lab at Nkana............. . Major Accomplishment at Nkana............. 160 Sources of Power. . . . . 162Living Conditions at Nkana.Vacations to Capetown................. 167 DiamondBits..................... 171 Machinery Maintenance................. 175 SocialLifeatNkana................. 176 Tape No. 7 TriptoStates.................... 182 Work at M.I.T..................... 186 MovetoJohannesburg................. 189 Recovery of Uranium .Pilot Plant.....Uranium Plants . .Chamber of Mines.Tape No. 8South Africa's First Uranium............. 209 Watwatersrand Uranium................. 210Canadian Uranium. . . Production of Nuclear Power. South A frican Schools . . . .iii213 . . 215 . 219. 192 . . 194 199 206153156 158165
  Cry the Beloved Country . .Dutch Reform Church . . . . ServantsinJohannesburg............... 226 Consulting With Rossing................ 228 ReturntoStates................... 233 Consulting Business.................. 237 UraniuminUnitedStates............... 241 Tape No. 9Mining Processes . . 245Radiation Concerns . . . 248 Shipping System.................... 249Health Hazard Measures. .Tribal Workers. . . . . . . . . . . . Recovering Uranium.Patents . .Largest Contribution in Africa.Work With Diamonds...... .American Club.Tape No. 10Return to the U.S. in 1955 . .First Consulting Contact With Rio Algom.. Planning Plants.Consulting for Dennison . .A.E.C. Contract . . . . .Rio Algom Holdings.Pronto Plant.....iv. . . .254 256 260 262 265 266 269272. 273. 274. 277 278 280 282... . 225222
   Blind River Project.................. 286 Eimco Contract. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 287 Lynn Peterson. . . . . . . 289 Blind River Employees. . . . . . . . .... 290 Lucky Mac Mine. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 293 Lisbon Valley Uranium................. 299 Tape No. 11Steen.Odlum.Taoe No. 12Utah Construction Mine. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 306 Solution Mining . . . . 309 Texas Uranium..Kennecott Copper Uranium. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Ion Exchange Patent.................. 321 Getchell. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 323 Ranchers Mine...... . 325 Consulting in South Africa in 1968......... . 329 Atlas Job...................... . 335 Tape No. 13Most Gratifying Experiences.More Consulting Experiences . .A ustralian Uranium.Death V alley Borax . .Investment Properties . . .Escalante Mill and Mine.v.. 302. 303. 315 320. . 337 338 340 341 . 343 . 347
 Enterprise Mine.................... 348 Potash. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 351VCA Uranium..... .British Permuda Group. . . . . .Coalinga Asbestos . . . . .Mexico.Uranium Today..................... PowerPlants..................... Tape No. 14Important Chemistry Professors. . . . . . . . . . . . Leading Nations in Mining............... Advice to Students..Inspirational People.vi. . 352 . 356 . 358 359 364 366371 372 374 376
  THE FOLLOWING I S A T APE-RECORDED INTERVIEW WITH ROBERT RAMPTON PORTER CONDUCTED AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH LIBRARY ON WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER THE 26TH, 1 9 8 4 . THE SUBJECT TODAY I S AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL, AND I ' L L BEGIN THE QUESTIONING. THE INTERVIEWERS ARE DR. GREGORY C. THOMPSON AND DR. FLOYD A. O'NEIL.FO: Mr. Porter, where were you born?RP: In Salt Lake City on April 15, 1910.FO: And which part of the town?RP: On Eighth South and Fourth East next to the church. FO: I see. And what was the name of your father?RP: Jesse Josiah Porter.FO: And the name of your mother?RP: Irene Rampton Porter, Irene Francis Rampton Porter. FO: Okay. They both sound like Utah pioneer names.RP: Correct. My father's father was in the second companythat came out with Rich.FO: October, 1847 then.RP: Yes.FO: And where did he originally settle?RP: He had a farm at Millcreek, and then they moved toCenterville shortly after.FO: I see. And in Centerville did he live there the restof his life?RP: Yes, except that he was on a mission twice. FO: I see. Where did he go?RP: England.FO: Both times?
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: Yes.FO: Who was his wife?RP: Eliza Ford. He had two wives.FO: Was he a polygamist?RP: Yes.FO: Who was the other wife?RP: Rebecca Cherry.FO: Rebecca Cherry.RP: I tthink that's right.FO: He had how many children, do you know?RP: He had nine by my grandmother, and I've forgotten howmany by Rebecca.FO: Those records would be easy to find.RP: They're easy to find. I have them all.FO: Yes. What business did your grandfather engage inbesides--I take it that he moved to Centerville. Backthen it would have been exclusively farming.RP: Correct. Well, that was it. He was a farmer and had a farm on Porter Lane, which is one of the main streetsnow going west to the freeway.FO: Where was he from?RP: He came from Nauvoo, but prior to that thefamily--his father and he came from Vermont--or inthe New England states. I think it was Vermont. FO: In Vermont.2
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: No, wait a minute. I'm sorry. Now it was in that areasomewhere.FO: I see. So that his pattern would have been very muchlike the pattern of Brigham Young and Joseph Smith. RP: Sort of, not entirely. Stanford (?) Porter came from Ontario, Canada. But I would have all those records,if it's available.FO: After they got to Utah, he farmed until he died.RP: Yes. He died rather young at about 1885, I think.FO: And your father, then,--RP: No, I'm sorry. It was about 1900.FO: Nineteen hundred that he died.RP: Yeah.FO: I see. Then he lived in Centerville for a very longtime. RP: Right.FO: Urn-hum. Was your father reared in Centerville?RP: Yes, he was reared in Centerville and my mother aswell.FO: And was your father also a farmer?RP: Yes, of course, everybody worked then on the farm.And he went to the University of Deseret, or the University of Utah at that time, and he said--I'm not sure of this--that he was down at the West High campus. He was studying law and business. Then he3
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1went on a mission.GT: To where?RP: To England. Spent two and a half years there, Ithink, and came home, and he and his brother-in-lawFred Walton started the nursery ar.d seed business.FO: What was it called when it was first started?RP: Porter-W alton Company.FO: The Porter-W alton Company.RP: Urn-hum.FO: Then your father was the original founder.RP: Right.FO: And where did they found it?RP: In Salt Lake City and the first place was across fromthe Union Pacific station in a small seed house--or a small barn sort of thing. And then they moved to Third West, built a warehouse there on Third West. At that time it was Third West, I guess. The streets have changed. It was 533 South Third West was the original warehouse, and at the same time they had a seed store next to where the present Capitol Theatre is downtown. Then they moved to Richards Street to a larger store across from Dinwoodey's.FO: I see. Right up next by the temple there. RP: Yes.FO: Oh really. And that was a seed store.4
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP:FO: RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:GT:RP: GT: RP:FO: RP: FO:That was a seed--and we also had a nursery lot there, and the nursery was founded out in Centerville.So did they grow their own seeds?No, the mountain-grown seeds is a misnomer [laughter], but we did buy a lot of seed from Idaho. Did you really? Well, maybe that's mountain grown. That's right.My mother always used those seeds saying, "They're better because they're grown here." And they weren't grown here. [laughter] It was a great phrase, wasn't it.It was the best thing that ever happened then. Northrup King was--The competition.--and they said, "Them damn mountain-grown seeds." [laughter]Mr. Porter, when they first located their seed warehouse, which side of Union Pacific was it on?It was on the east side of the street.I see. Over towards the Devereaux--No, across--south. Between South Temple and First South.Was it a big building?No, small building.A small building.5
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: And they handled grain, and hay, as well as seeds.FO: Now, correct me if I'm wrong in this impression. Myimpression is that buying plants already started is more a luxury of later times than of earlier. People would plant their own.RP: In the old days there was no such thing as plants as such, except nursery stock, that is trees.FO: Trees only. RP: Trees only.FO: RP:Some shrubs?And shrubs. But the main business was orchards in the early days- -orchards, peaches, apricots, cherries, apples, pears, the deciduous fruits. And those were grown in Centerville. The company took over the farm to establish their nursery business, and at the same time, they rented other property from my cousins or my uncles rather.Yeah. Porters?Porters and Waltons.And Waltons both.Yes, you see, Fred Walton and Dad were the founders of the company. Fred Walton married my dad's sister. And then Frank Walton who also came in a little later, who was another member of the firm, married Dad's other sister. So it's a family concern.FO: RP: FO: RP:6
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1 [laughter]FO: I see. It was your father, his two sisters, and their husbands.RP: Correct.FO: And so the three men ran the business.RP: Three men.FO: T ell me, you know, Porter-W alton for manyfamous for growing evergreens. RP: Right.years wasFO: Did that start early?RP: No, it didn't start until about--well, it was afterWorld War I.FO: It was that late?RP: Yeah. When the development of Salt Lake City becamemore oriented toward ornamental things rather than farming things.FO: Then those plants came along with the suburbs then. RP: Yes, correct.FO: I see. That's very interesting. Now, when did yourparents move from the place where you were born overinto Federal Heights?RP: We moved up there in 1916.FO: Nineteen sixteen.RP: Between '15 and '16.GT: So you were between five and six.7
   ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: Five and six.FO: You remember the move.RP: Oh yes. There was one inter-between place.GT: And where was that?RP: That was on a little alley between South Temple andFirst South called Harmony Place. Do you know whereit is? GT: Urn-hum.RP: Now in back of the Bryant School.F0: That's right.RP: And we had a little house there, or it was a nicebungalow. We'd moved there, and then Dad was buildinga house up on Federal Heights.FO: Now, your father then had that house built.RP: Yes.FO: And do you remember who the contractor was?RP: It was Bowers Construction.FO: Bowers. Was Bowers a rather large builder?RP: Yes, he built quite a number of houses in FederalHeights.FO: Oh, he did.RP: Yes.FO: And what is the address of that house? RP: It's 1375--now I can't remember.FO: Is it on the north or south?8
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: It's the north side.FO: Then it would have to be 1375.RP: It is the house that presently is owned by Swenson,professor of law at the university here.GT: Do you know who the architect of the home was? Wasthere an architect?RP: Yes, but I don't remember the name of the fellow.That was a long, long time ago.FO: We think you're doing wonderfully remembering whathappened when you were six. That's amazing. Was the home completely surrounded by homes when you built it?RP: No, at the end of the street on the corner of University Street there was a house there. I have forgotten the name of the man that had that house. It's still there. Across the street was the house that the Judge Ritter had.FO: Oh yes.RP: Then next above that was the house--a brick housewhich belonged to Botterell was his name. BotterellMotor Company, and he handled the Buicks.FO: Isn't that interesting?RP: And one of the other cars. Then George Snyder of theSnyder Brothers had the next house up, the 1 i ttle white house. And then it was blank to where--next9
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1door to us there was a house which J. 0. Elton of the International Smelter had.GT: Could you say his name again?RP: J. 0. Elton. He was president of InternationalSmelting and a very well-known mining man. And then our house. Then there was a house in between, and there was nothing in between. And then up the street and the next house was--Mulliners were building the house when we moved in. And then up the street again \.Jas Dr. Ellerbeck. He was where the Phi Mu house is now. [laughter]FO: That was his residence.RP: Yeah, Dr. Ellerbeck. That's another Ellerbeck, theone that also had his sons and he also had the lime plant out at Tempe. Then at the end of the street on that side next to that was a fellow named McCasklin, and he was a relation of the Salisburys. He had the Deer Trail Mine down in out of Marysville, and it was one of the first cyanide plants on silver. It was a very complex ore. He had a son--of course, I can't tell you about those guys yet. [laughter] But anyway, across the street from that was another house, and then coming down the street there was a small house or a bungalow--a very dark framed bungalow with rock fronts which--I don't know who originally built the10
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1house, but a fellow named Miller who is a financier owned that. And then next to that was Harris, and then here was blank until right across the street from my place, and Dr. Smith built that house himself, which was later bought by Homer Durham.Does Homer still own it?FO: RP:No, it would belong to Mrs. Cannon now, and she's moved in--it's been added onto many times. It's the original house. And then next to that was a fellow, another Smith, and he was manager and director of the Purity Biscuit Company, which became part of Nabisco. And then there was nothing down the street until you got to the corner. So it was blank, blank, blank, blank, blank on that street. Then Dr. Allison, whose daughter married Dick Bennett. And Betty and Bob built right across the street from me, and they were up the street where the Balentines lived. Now it's a fraternity house of some sort. Above that the Culps built. He was in Hercules.Reed?Yeah. And then Dr. Daynes who was professor of bacteriology built below Smith's house between there and the corner and Norma Daynes still lives there. Now what relation?Their daughter.FO: RP:FO: RP:11
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1FO: Oh, their daughter. Oh, for heaven's sake.RP: And she was married to a fellow, I think his name isFO: RP: FO: RP:Williams. Now across the street again, across fromthere, next to Snyder's house--Mr. Nibley built that.He was with Utah Idaho Sugar. And then, above that upT=''to Tuait who was a dentist, Swedish fellow-- How did he spell his name?T- Oh gee.I'll look it up.And he was a Swedish fellow, but he was a very good doctor. I had all my teeth fixed by him. And Dr. Allison was also my doctor--or my family's doctor, a family practitioner. And then above our place, the next house up above our place, a builder named Taylor built that house. Where Seniors live now, was Hartenstein, and then that pretty well filled the street.Well, this was all later. But when we first moved up there, there were very few houses.Now, did they call it Federal Heights then?Yes. It was called Federal Heights Division. And it is on the block plans as such, or the plot plans.And what did Federal Way look like then? Was there anything on it?Federal Way was on the corner going toward SouthRP:FO: RP:FO:RP:12
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1Temple. On the corner was a very large grey house, which is still there. Some interesting guys lived in there. It was Ferry(?) and they were quite the playboys of Salt Lake City. The Ferry(?) Brothers, they were called. And they had a Stutz motor car. Really?FO: RP:It would open, you know. And they were tearing all over town on this Stutz motor car. Of course, across the street there was nothing there. There were two houses halfway down the block, and on South Temple between University Street and First South there were two houses, but they were kind of dilapidated, and there were some trees around them. The city owned that part, because there was a reservoir down there. And there was a bunch of weeds, just nothing but weeds.Not cared for at all?No.When did they put that island in at the end of South Temple Street?Now, that was put in originally. The two islands were put in with the original development.Clear back before you were born then.No, Federal Heights wasn't developed until about 1915 or '12.FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:13
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1FO: Nineteen twelve.RP: Around in that area. I'm not absolutely sure of thatfigure.FO: So that the island up--RP: Well, it was part of the development.FO: Yeah. The island up on Wolcott and the one that sortof divides South Temple from Federal Way then werepart of the original idea.RP: Right. And also the one on Sigsbee Street, the islandthere. See, all of the streets were laid out, but there were very few houses. It was a land development.FO: Was it ode company?RP: I think so.FO: Tell me--let me go back to your family for a moment.Your families are the Ramptons and the Porters. Did either of each--of either family, members of either family teach at the University of Utah?RP: No, I don't--the immediate family, no.FO: What about in your father's family?RP: Yes, N. T. Porter was a dean of the law school here.At that time, I think it was down on the west side. And he became a well-known financier, but he left the law school and the law and went into a little promoting and stuff down in San Francisco--or14
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1California. He moved to California.FO: Was he successful?RP: Fair, fairly.FO: Good. Now his first name was Nathan?RP: Nathan T. Nathan Tanner Porter is the family name,and that goes back, back, back.FO: Nathan T. goes back a ways because his father wasNathan T.RP: And his grandfather was--I think there was Nathan T.back there somewhere. Way back.FO: Is the Tanner related to the Utah Tanners?RP: No, no way that I know of.FO: Okay. Was he the first dean of the law school?RP: That's what my father told me. I'm not sure.FO: Do you know any details about the teaching oranything?RP: No, I don't because it was hand to mouth from myfather to me, and as you know, he moved away fairly soon after. He had a big house in Centerville, and he had some sons who became fairly prominent in Salt Lake. One was the head of the division of New York Life, Leo T. Porter. And he had three or four sons and a daughter, and they all married and moved away.FO: While you were living--now, when you moved to Federal Heights, that's where you started to school.15
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: Yes, and I started to school at Stewart.FO: At Stewart school.RP: Yeah, in first grade.GT: And was it located on campus, where you grew up?RP: Where it is now, yeah.GT: How large a student-body was at Stewart?RP: They had a fair--it was a teaching school. And Istayed there one year. I didn't like it, and Mother moved me down to the Wasatch. I think, at that time, in the Stewart school there was Eddie Hashimoto--wasin there. And another Porter, also a namesake of mine, but no relation, Robert B. Porter. And some of the other rather well-known guys around the town in that original class, or in that class that I was in, which was 1916, I think. I was six years old.FO: Do you remember what you disliked about Stewart?RP: I don't know. All my friends on Butler Avenue were going down to the Wasatch, so that made a difference.[laughter]FO: I see, of course. That would make a big difference.Do you remember much about the Wasatch school? RP: Yes, very much.FO: Did it have a good reputation?RP: It had one of the finest reputations of theelementary schools in the city. The principal was 16
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1Mrs. Powers, and she was a toughy. She ruled with an iron hand.FO: Did you ever cross her?RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO: GT: RP: FO:W ell, a few tim es. But in those days kids behaved pretty well because they had to. They got beat. I can remember one of the teachers use to take one guy out about every day and beat him up. Well, he didn't hurt him, but disciplined him.It got the message over.Yeah.Were most of the teachers women?Yes, there were no men. I don't think there was a man.In the school.Yeah.Now, you went there how long?Until I graduated, I guess, in the eighth grade. And then I went to Bryant ninth grade, and then I went to East, and graduated from East in '28.In 1928. How well did you do at East High School? Very well.Did you?And you liked it?Oh, very much. It was a good school.What were you active in there?17
   ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: I played football and tore cartilage, and so IFO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO:couldn't play anymore. I was in the Latin club and swimming team. And I was the worst--I remember this--Captain Abbott who was commander of the ROTC at that time said, "You're the sloppiest [laughter] guy that I've ever seen. You're a disgrace." The whole bunch of us were a bunch of rascals in that respect, and we didn't like ROTC, and we'd come to school, put all our clothes in the lockers and wrap our khakis around the old clothes and everything else and go out on the--but just sloppy.Yes. And Captain Abbott was the man who--Yeah.They continued to live in Utah for a long time.I think so, yeah. And one of the finest teachers I ever had was my Latin teacher at East. She was Mrs. Van Pelt.What other teachers do you remember from over there? Oh yes, there was a chemistry teacher--I've forgotten his name now, sorry.It's okay.The physics teacher was good.I see.And the math teacher. We had a man math teacher.Math, physics, and chemistry were all good. Did that18
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1help you decide the direction you'd go when you got to the university?RP: Yes, it did. I was going into chemistry.FO: Oh, you were. Was there a chemistry department? Did the chemistry department consist of one teacher atEast?RP: Yes, one teacher.FO: And one for physics.RP: Yeah, and two for math. But for the higher math therewas only one. We went through college algebra--no, Ithink it was algebra and solid geometry.FO: Your kids went there later too.RP: Yes.FO: Do you think they got as good an education as youdid?RP: I think one did, but the others didn't try very hard. [laughter]FO: You describe the disciplinarians over in the Wasatch School. How were they at East? Was there any presence of discipline?RP: Yes, there was some but nothing--FO: Nobody got--RP: Battered around, but you would get sent up to theprincipal, and he had an assistant, and they would threaten you with all sorts of good--19
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1[end of side one]RP: --was when the East High had the finest football teamin the western part of the United States. Mickey Oswald and there were some very well-known football players that came out of that out of East that went to University of Utah.GT: What position did you play before you were injured? RP: Tackle.GT: The game's changed a bit since then.RP: Very much so.FO: The uniforms make it so you'd tear less ligaments too.RP: Yeah.FO: Did you play on grass?RP: Yes, we played the football field and the track wereback of the school, and there were some tennis courts there, and the stadium was steps down from the school, and then it went off to the street below.GT: Have they moved the football field from where it is now?RP: Oh yes.GT: It was in a different location.RP: It wasn't across the street. It was back of theschool, and that's all built up now. The gym was a very small gym inside. There was no field house20
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1or--it wasn't fancy. On the other end, the auditorium was right in the back of the entrance to the thing. And it was a student body of about eleven hundred or something.That's a lot of students.Something to that order.It's not a lot compared to what's there now, is it? No, I think there was about three or four hundred in our graduating class.With the teams--did the teams travel great distances to play.Yes, some of them went up the northwest a couple of times and Idaho, and they'd beat the hell out of them.They'd go by train, huh?Yeah.They'd go over to Colorado, to Denver, and--?I don't remember that they did.Well, those are pretty good trips for high school teams.Yeah, but Mickey Oswald was quite a man. He was a real well-known coach. The coach of the basketball team was a guy named Simmons, and he also taught. The coaches at that time taught classes in hygiene.GT: Sure, and recreational education kind of classes. 21GT: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO: RP: GT: RP: GT:RP:
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: FO: GT:RP: FO: RP: FO:RP: FO:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:No, just health and hygiene.Health and hygiene.Oh, hygiene. I'm sorry. I misunderstood. I noticed that--isn't the new gymnasiurn that they've added to East called the Mickey--Oswald Field House.That's quite a nice honor, isn't it?Yes.I'm not sure that I approve of field houses for high schools, but if they're going to have one, it's nice to name it for him.Yeah.It's been quite an institution. The--did you ever have an idea that you would go to any other university other than the University of Utah?Yes, after I graduated from the university. Not before.Not before.No.Why?I lived here, and it was cheap, and it was after the war, the company had a very difficult time. During the wartime the price of seeds went way up because they couldn't import from Europe during World War I, this is, and they had to contract seeds from local22
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1producers. Then the European seeds came in 1919 and knocked the hell out of prices, and they nearly went broke. During that period, they were practically owned by the banks. But Dad and his brother pulled them out by just hard work, and until 1928 they paid off all their bills. And so it was a little rough, and they weren't drawing much money, I'll tell you.So the money to go to college was hard to come by. Hard to come by. Also, all my friends were going up here, and so I went along with them. Also, there was a very good friend of mine called Smith that lived across the street. He was in chemistry, and he sort of encouraged me. He was a couple of years older than I was. Encouraged me in the chemical field.FO:RP:F0:RP: FO:RP: FO:RP: FO:I see. Who was president of the university when you entered?I think it was Elbert Thomas, yeah.And when you entered, do you remember how big your freshman class was?The student body was about five thousand.So that it was probably nearer two thousand for the entering freshmen.No, I don't think so. About fifteen hundred.And of the kids who entered in your freshman year, do you remember any of the classes you took that23
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1impressed you either positively or negatively?RP: Well, I think I took bacteriology from Dr. Daynes who was a very good teacher. I liked that. A chemistry professor, Dr. Brighton, was very good. And a math--economics was not very good. And English, I didn't like that. I've forgotten his name, but he was younger. He was not a full professor. At that time they did have younger people--assistants, but the staffs weren't big. And physics--oh dear, he was a good teacher. I've forgotten his name.FO: Were you active in sports or acting or--?RP: Well, my knee was troubling me quite a bit, and in those days they didn't want to operate on your knees because the cartilages they said, "Well, you have fifty percent chance of getting a stiff knee." And I could walk around and do everything I needed to. I couldn't ski with it, and I had to watch it. And so, consequently, I was not active in athletics, but was a little active in some of the other things. Ibelonged to a fraternity.GT: Which fraternity?RP: Phi Delta Theta.FO: And were you in that fraternity all four years?RP: Yes, and I was quite active because we lived rightback of it. [laughter] I could go from my house back 24
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1there, and I would brew the beer for them.FO: RP: FO:RP: FO: GT: FO:RP:That was before prohibition was gone. [laughter]Oh yeah.So that's where you got the beer, huh, was in the fraternity house.At my house.Oh, at your house.So that made it off the property.Now there is a ---?--- for brewing beer. Did your mother ever complain?Oh yes--well, she didn't complain much about the beer, but one time she did complain very bitterly. The brew didn't look quite right, and it got cold. It didn't ferment properly, but we bottled it anyway and capped it up, and put it all on a bunch of shelves in the pantry where we usually kept the--in the fruit room, we called it downstairs. And there was about fifty bottles of beer, quarts. Well, this stuff hadn't fully fermented, and one of them started and broke. And it broke the whole damn bunch. [laughter] It was the biggest mess you ever saw in your life.And your mother was upset.She was a little upset about that.What did you put it in? Fruit jars?No, regular beer bottles.FO: RP: FO: RP:25
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1FO: You had regular beer bottles.RP: With the cappers and the works. Oh, we were--I was achemistry major.FO: And so you were doing it all properly, huh?RP: Yeah, oh yes. The one just got cold. The beer wasvery good, normally.FO: Did the other fraternities have similar methods?RP: Yeah, I'm sure they all did, and we also had quite afew bootleg places. If you've read Wally Stegner'sbook on--GT: Recapitulation?RP: Yeah, all of those beer halls that he mentions, I know about.FO: Oh, is that right?RP: His father was a bootlegger.FO: Well, the fraternities then were well oiled in thoseyears.RP: Well, we were very strict about no girls or anythinglike that.FO: But they weren't that strict about alcohol.RP: Well, they were, but what they didn't know, didn'thurt them. [laughter] And you're not supposed to anyway. But we always found places to get them. And one of the biggest alcohol dealers for the fraternity was the government alcohol distributor. Ten dollars a26
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1 gallon.FO: Is that right?RP: For ninety-eight percent.FO: Good Lord, ten dollars was a lot of money in 1929. RP: That would have made a lot of--FO: Booze.RP: Well, a gallon was eight dollars, sorry.FO: Eight dollars a gallon.RP: And, of course, that was cut to about forty percent,and so a gallon of bathtub gin would make quite abit.FO: You could have quite a party on that one, huh?RP: Well, we use to have some pretty good parties out atthe old tennis club and up at Pine Crest.FO: Now where was the old tennis club?RP: It was where the Forest Dell Country Club is now.That was the old Salt Lake country club.FO: Oh, was it? And so you didn't have really that far togo.RP: One of our best parties was in Mueller Park up in--wepractically tore the place to pieces.FO: Did you get caught?RP: No.FO: It's a good thing.RP: Well, we rented the place, but we put it back27
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1together again. There was quite a bit going on inthose days. Everybody was a little stricter than theyare now by a long ways.FO: Now, if I went back to look at the yearbooks, youknow, you guys look pretty sedate. There was a goodnumber of sponsored dances on the campus.RP: Right, they were all sponsored by--every fraternitydance had to have a chaperon and a sponsor.FO: That's right. Someone from the faculty was--RP: Not a faculty member, an alumni.FO: An alumni. And where were they held?RP: Oh, at various places. The Hotel Utah if it werefancy, and at the Newhouse, and at this tennis club, and at various places around. Some up in Heber, up at the Homestead.FO: At the Homestead. That far?RP: Yeah, and some at--oh, various and sundry placesaround.FO: Yeah, did very many of you have cars?RP: There was only about five in the fraternity, most ofthose from out of state. Well, there was maybe more than that, but about five or six, and they were a rarity, I'll tell you.FO: I'll bet. How did you get up to the Homestead? Your parents' cars and so on?28
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: Yes, we all used our parents' cars.FO: How soon did you family have a car? Before you wereborn or after?RP: No, no. My father's first car--he used a company car,which was an old Maxwell. At that time the only bit of paving was five miles about midway between Salt Lake and Centerville.FO: Is that right? That was all of it.RP: Yeah.FO: Do you know what year he got the family car?RP: Nineteen twenty.FO: What did he buy?RP: A Dodge. It was a high--first sedan. It was one ofthose big box things, and it would get about twohundred miles on a tire. [laughter]FO: So think of keeping the darn thing in tires!RP: And we went up to Yellowstone in it and camped outand also to Bear Lake. But my mother's brothers were both in the automobile business, Lou Rampton and Henry Rampton, called the Rampton Brothers Motor Car Company in Bountiful. They settled in Bountiful, and they had a very well-known Ford agency. And that was when the Fords were--uh, the old Model A. And so they always had car, and we use to go up various places. We had some relatives up in Morgan, up that way, and29
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1go fishing and on the farm up there. They had a farm. And it was quite a trip up Blackfork Canyon up to--there was two roads to Bear Lake at that time, Blackfork Canyon and Logan Canyon. Also, you could go clear around by Evanston. But it was tough going.FO: The roads were rough and the tires were poor. So it was really very expensive going then.RP: Well, yes, but they were a lot cheaper in those days. GT: Tires were.RP: Yeah, but you could fix them. You know, you have totear the tires off.FO: You're old enough to remember that disgustingfeature.RP: And there were wooden spokes, of course.FO: Did your father stay with the Dodge for a long time? RP: Then we had a Buick, an old-time Buick. We got thatabout '25, I think. I took it to California with mewhen I was in college, run down.FO: Which way did you go? Through Elko or Las Vegas?RP: No, it was to Los Angeles.FO: I see, and you drove?RP: I drove it down to a football game when I was incollege.FO: Good heavens. Wow!GT: How long did it take you to get down to Los Angeles?30
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: We drove straight through twenty-one hours.FO: Twenty-one hours!RP: Yeah, and we, at that time, cut across the Salt Flatsbecause the road was bad. It was just flat across theSalt Flats. You could go like hell. FO: I bet you did.GT: Now, you were going to southern California--RP: No, sorry. That was when I was going to San Francisco at another time, but the other time we went down toLos Angeles.FO: Now, that would have been about 1932?RP: Twenty-nine.FO: Twenty-nine. When did you graduate from theuniversity? RP: Thirty-two?FO: Thirty-two. And so you drove--as a student you drove your father's Buick all the way to Los Angeles.RP: Yeah, and once to San Francisco.FO: Is that right?GT: I'll bet going over the Sierras was quite a ride.RP: Oh, it was a real ride, but it was good weather.FO: Was the Buick one of the--old enough to be a Buickfour or was it a Buick six?RP: It was a Buick six.FO: They had good power. I'm told my father had one at31
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1the same time. I don't remember that however. Now,RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:when you went to the university, you went in intending to be a chemist.Correct.How long did you stick to that?For four years.And so you graduated in chemistry.Yes, I graduated in chemistry, and I was going to be an organic chemist. I was going to go to Ames, Iowa to get my doctor's degree from Dr. Kinney. He was from Ames and a very prominent--a very nice guy, but very tough. But I did very well in his class. I knocked them cold, and I was good in organic chemistry. But then this Depression came along, you know, a little bit and there was no money.A lot.About my last year in school--of course, I'd had all the chemistry classes I could take, practically. So I sought a class in metallurgy taught by my former professor, Dr. Brighton, who had been transferred from chemistry department to the metallurgical department. And Dr. Lyon(?) who was head of the station up here asked me if I didn't want a scholarship. Well, first let me explain. I went into Dr. Brighton's class, of course, with a good physicalFO: RP:32
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1chemistry background and so on. He slanted metallurgy toward chemistry quite a lot. So I knocked the thing cold, and I really did. And so when I went back in that summer, he carne over and said, "I want to give you a scholarship for tuition and that's all." But I lived home. That makes a difference. And no money to go to Ames--no way. So, of course, I took it. And I got my master's degree in the next year.GT: Did you write a master's thesis?RP: Oh yes.GT: And what did you write? What was the topic?RP: Oxygen- free flotation.GT: I see. And what were you trying to do with thatthesis?RP: There was a professor of chemistry, and he later cameinto the metallurgic school. Dr. Brighton brought himover, called Saul Ravitz. Have you ever heard of him? GT: Yes.RP: He went to California afterwards, and he was my monitor or whatever you want to--GT: Chairman of your committee or whatever.RP: Well, he worked with me, and we had a small lab up there, and I worked practically twenty-four hours a day on this damn thing. I really worked hard, and I got it done in a year. I got my master's degree in a33
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1year and wrote the thesis at the same time.GT: All in a year. And what were you trying to show with your--RP: Taggart had a theory on flotation that the xanthates--I don't know whether you realize what the xanthates are. But they are mineral collectors, and they are one of the main collectors for the sulfide minerals. There was always a discussion as to how they were attached to the mineral itself, and he, Taggart, who was a very famous guy, wrote the big handbook from Columbia, said that it was caused by oxygen formation on the surface. And we tried to disprove this. And in order to disprove it they got some galena out of the tri-state district in Missouri--big blocks, big hunks so that it didn't have any chance of getting any oxygenation except on the outside surface. That was then crushed in an atmosphere of nitrogen to keep the oxygen away, and then it was also pulverized and also in the same atmosphere, but also kept under a solution of ammonium chloride to--because that would take any oxygen that there was present.GT: Was i t ammonium?RP: Ammonium chloride, and then this was put into alittle machine very carefully, and the oxygen content 34
 ROBERT R. PORTER #1very carefully measured the volume--everything that went into them and boiled and--nitrogen. A very careful oxygen analysis was made of everything. And a special flotation machine which had a frits and bubbles of nitrogen to float the stuff was going up through this frit, and we proved if you just put a frother in you didn't need the xanthate.Hm-m. That's an important--Well, there was a lot of discussion about it, whetherFO: RP:FO: RP: FO:RP: GT: RP:FO: RP: FO:it was true or not, I don't know. But anyway, there was a hell of a lot of controversy about it later, between Taggart and Saul and Gadam. Gadam was the professor of metallurgy at M.I.T.And they got to arguing about it.Oh, they were arguing like hell.In looking back on your master's thesis, is that the accepted theory now that--?Well, it's still a problem. [laughter]We've had sixty years to talk about it, sixty-five. But there's been so many changes in flotations since that time with other collectors, and so on that, it's purely academic.It's not the question of the moment these days.No.Tell me about your chairman. He was Saul--?35
   ROBERT R. PORTER #1RP: Ravitz.GT: How do you spell his last name?RP:GT: RP: GT: RP:GT:RP: FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:R-a-v-i-t-z, and he married Janet. She was Christian, but they went to the Unitarian church, and he became head of the Department of            at Berkeley. He was very prominent, he was. He's retired now.Is he still alive?Yeah, as far as I know.He must have been a rather young man then.Oh, he was. He graduated from Cal Tech--a fantastic mathematician. He would do differential equations in his head. [laughter] Honest to God.No. That must have disciplined everybody a little bit, that sat down with him.And he was a fine physicist.Were you all intimidated by him?He taught me Bohr's theory and all that good stuff in physical chemistry, and quantum theory, and all that sort of good stuff.In 1933.Yeah, well, '32--Thirty-two and '33. Took the master's in '33.Yeah.How many--we'll let you go in a minute, but--I'm all right.36
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1FO: Fine. How many masters students were there in thatdepartment that year?RP: That was a very peculiar year in metallurgy becausenobody could get any jobs. All of these fellows that carne back, they all carne back to get a master's--or to go to school again because they could get scholarships.GT: They could there, but not anywhere else.RP: And consequently there were several fellows that had been out in the field for two or three, four, or fiveyears, carne back and went back to school again.GT: So there was excellent talent in the classroom then,wasn't there? RP: Oh very, very.GT: Competition was tough.RP: Well, it wasn't. They were all doing differentthings. It didn't matter. It wasn't a competition among yourselves because each one had a separate research project. We all attended seminar. A couple of them were in geology, a couple in mining, and four of us in metallurgy, as I remember, and one in coal, and then we had a project out in the back on rnercertailing(?) that we all worked at. And Dr. Brighton was a very fine professor, very great. Torn Brighton was his name.37
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1FO: What sense did you have of being a graduate student?Was the differentiation between undergraduate yearsand graduate highly marked?RP: Not too badly because I was working like the devil onFO:my senior year.I see . I was doing research , a little bit of research.In your senior year.Right.GT:RP:FO: What was your parents'--what attitude did yourparents have towards your graduate work?RP: They liked it, they thought it was great. My mother and father at that time were very liberal. Mother sort of deserted the church, and dad was just sort of a hangeroner, but after my mother died, he went backto the church.FO: Yes, they sounded pretty liberal for the 1920's inbrewing beer in the basement. But that was morecommon than many of us now suppose.RP: Oh yes. Well, you could go down to Z.C.M.I. and buythe malt for it. [laughter] Honest.FO: I'm sure you're right.GT: We're just about out of tape.FO: I suggest that we wind this one up and try a newtopic next.38
  ROBERT R. PORTER #1GT: We've been going almost two and a half hours withFO: GT: FO: RP: GT:FO:RP: FO:him.Thank you very much, Mr. Porter.Thank you very much. We really do appreciate this. Next time we will move to a new segment.Which will it be?We want to just follow your career along, some more on the university perhaps.I think we want to talk about how close you've remained with the university over the years, if at all.I've been away so much that--Sure, I know. And we want to do, in detail, we want to do in detail your career. I want the Arizona years particularly.[end of tape]39
   THE FOLLOWING IS A TAPE-RECORDED INTERVIEW MADE AT THE MARRIOTT LIBRARY, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28TH, 1984. GREGORY THOMPSON AND FLOYD 0'NEIL ARE INTERVIEWING ROBERT R. PORTER, METALLURGIST.FO: Mr. Porter, in the last tape recording session, we talked a bit about Butler Avenue. Were there any further details you've remembered about that place that we didn't include?RP: Yes. I mentioned the Botterell house, the second one from the corner, the brick house. Now, I am not sure which comes first, Botterell or the Rosenblatts. Joe, his father, and all the family lived in that house. And at that time, his father was running the junk shop. Joe was about four or five years older than I was, and I knew they had a family. Morris was the oldest.GT: RP:FO:I believe their father was Nathan, was he not?Yes, his father was Nathan. His mother, I remember vaguely, only vaguely, but I was in their house at that time, and we have kept association with Joe and Evelyn, and Barney, the whole family ever since.You don't know whether the Rosenblatts built it or.not.RP: No, I'm not sure about that, but it was built beforewe moved up into Federal Heights. Now, at that time Wolcott was fairly 'tlell established and up to Third40
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2Avenue. That was the boundary to Federal Heights, up Wolcott, and down to Third Avenue, up First South and along there. Now back of that there was nothing. The streetcar went up Third Avenue, turned up to Fourth Avenue, and ran up where Arlington Drive presentlyis, back of the Eccles house, and through a cut, and into Fort Douglas. The station at Fort Douglas was by the old church.FO: Was it across the street from the church where they--?RP: No, side--FO: Side by side. And was it one of the buildings that isRP:FO:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:still there?The old church was frame, and I think that it was still there. I don't remember. I haven't been up there for quite a while, so I don't remember whether it's still standing or not.Was that trolley line the old one from the Salt Lake Traction Company?It was the Third Avenue Line, of the Utah Light and Traction--Utah Light and Traction Company.Which was the car barns, which is now--Trolley.Trolley Square.41
 ROBERT R. PORTER #2FO: Now, did they run often?RP: About every fifteen minutes.FO: Oh really. That often.RP: Oh yes. Fort Douglas at that time was a goingconcern.GT: So there was a lot of traffic.RP: There was a lot of traffic of the soldiers goingdowntown and coming back up.FO: Now that's not the trolley that the kids used to getto the university though.RP: No, they used the First South and the South Templetrolley. FO: I see.RP: Now the South Temple trolley was the first one with the steel poles, which are now light standards. It stopped at Virginia Street. It never went beyond there. But the Third Avenue one came up the present bus run up to Third Avenue and then branched off up through that area. Now it's interesting to know that Bonneville on the hill which became the Hogle project was started by a fellow named Blair Richardson. He was Hogle's real estate man, and the first development was Arlington Drive, on the U side of the university, the big U. And he moved up into that area. He was a very prominent man, and his wife was a42
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2cousin or a sister of John Dooley.FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:Oh, is that right? John Dooley, Jr.?Yeah.The one who was around during your career.Right.And how big a project was that?Very big, but the Hogles were very shrewd. The old man was very shrewd and a very smart guy. And he only sold portions of it as he knew that the real estate would develop, and he only sold portions of lots that he wanted to sell. He never sold blocks of lots and he developed the whole thing himself through Blair. Did the Hogle people actually own a construction company?No, he was a banker and stock broker.An d , t h e r e f o r e t h e y s o 1 d t h e 1 o t s v e r y systematically. Do you know who the contractors--any of the contractors who built that up in there?No, I think it was various ones. They were private--most of the houses up there were architect designed and built.They show it.They really do.It's a lovely area that sort of--they maintained the continuity between the southern end of the FederalFO:RP: FO:RP:FO: GT: FO:43
 ROBERT R. PORTER #2Heights with the northern end.RP: Right. The house where Joe Rosenblatt now lives was built by a financier--I've forgot, sorry.FO: We'll come back to it.RP: Then Joe added onto it, considerably. But PenroseDrive was the last development up that way on FederalHeights until the new development back of the--GT: The more recent development.RP: The more recent development.GT: Do you know who any of the architects might have beenon the--do you recall?RP: No, well, I know Lloyds- (?) Medicur was one. Hedesigned the house that I bought on Butler Avenue. GT: Really.RP: Nearhouse(?), and he's about the only one. FO: That you knew.RP: Yeah.FO: I see. How have the older residents of FederalHeights reacted to that half circle that's building around Federal Heights now? What is the general reaction to that?RP: The people on Arlington Drive hate it.FO: Why?RP: Well, because it's increasing their traffic and allthat. And it's probably appreciating their properties 44
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2to a certain degree, but that's an old area. There was quite a few people up there, very prominent people that lived on Arlington Drive at that time. There were the Howards who were in the bank, and, oh, there was a lot of prominent lawyers in town, and Prince, who was commandant of the National Guard. His son was one of my very good friends.FO: And so this new expansion has not been welcomed, particularly.RP: I don't think so for the people on Arlington.FO: Have you heard any reactions to the newerarchitecture that is being used up there?RP: None, except that I have been talking to some of the architects, and I don't like it. Of course, it's verymodern, most of it.FO: Well, certainly it is by comparison to the oldersection of Federal Heights. RP: Yeah.FO: Did your family use the South Temple trolley most of the time when you went to the U?RP: My father used to use it to go down, and he'd transfer and get on the Third West trolley, and get to the office that way. But mother use to drive him down most of the time, and she'd take the car.FO: Could trolleys work again?45
 ROBERT R. PORTER #2RP:FO: RP:FO: RP: FO:I think there'd be a lot of problems, but I think they could, what with our wide streets. We had trackless trolleys at one time with the-- Rubber-tired buses.And, of course, there was a big scandal about when city lines came in by Utah Traction and then converted everything to diesels because it was G.E. They wanted to sell their diesel.I see.Rather than maintain the--The electric motors within the rubber-tired buses. I'd take the rubber-tired buses with the electricmotors after smelling their diesels, but nonetheless. Let's turn now, if we may, Mr. Porter, to your career. Now you took a master's degree in the year 1933.Correct.Now, were you worried about finding a job?Well yes, but at that time it was rather interesting. This was in the middle of the Depression, and U.S. Smelting had built a parts refinery out at Midvale in conjunction with their smelter. In 1932 and '33 this was being built, and one of the fellows that was inthe master's program with me, a fellow by the name of Karl Dice, had done a lot of work on spice which isRP: FO: RP:46
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2an arsenic-copper complex. When copper comes to the top over the lead as a sulfide, they call a spice. It's arsenic, copper, sulfur complex. And he'd done a lot of work on this, refining the spice to get the values out of it because there's a lot of silver and gold in it as well as in the lead. And so he was made foreman, general foreman of the new plant which started in about 1930, just after I graduated. They didn't care too much about the lead because the price of lead was about three cents a pound.GT: That's understandable. [laughter]RP: But during this period the price of gold had risen,and they'd bought a lot of gold and silver. Silver went from twenty-five cents an ounce up to sixty-five or ninety cents. It was stabilized there. And so there was a lot of value in this stuff that they'd purchased, and also from their U.S. mines. The lead had been stockpiled for three or four years, and there was a tremendous stockpile of lead and gold and silver tied up. Well, here the price goes from twenty dollars to--FO: Gold went from twenty to thirty-five.RP: And also at the same time, they had a dredgingproperty in Alaska on the Yukon, and the gold, the bullion, or the amalgam, and so on, came down from47
 ROBERTR. PORTER # 2there. Well, in the the Park's process which is a refining process where zinc is put on top of the lead and the--it's rather complex with a bunch of kettles. But one of the last stages is the zincing of the thing. The zinc collects all the gold and silver out and then this is scraped off. Then the zinc is distilled off, leaving the bullion. And then there was a parting plant, refinery, and so on. But the lead itself had bismuth in it, and bismuth was a bad name in lead. And U.S. also had an electrolytic refinery back in Omaha, but they didn't want to send that stuff back. It didn't pay them, but they were trying to sell a little of this lead. And so my first job with them, which Karl got me involved with, was working down the basement in the old smelter at Midvale on a so-called pilot plan, which involved an old Cornish process for crystalizing lead and leaving the impurities as a liquid. Well, there was lead in it, but it was a concentration process, and by doing it like the--staging crystallization, you could get a pretty pure product. My job was to run this thing down in the basement. And I got all kinds of stuff. I would come home at eight in the morning. I was on themidnight shift from eleven to eight and got three dollars a day. [laughter]48
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2FO: With your master's degree.RP: Yeah.FO: And lucky to get it.RP: No, fifty cents an hour. That's right.FO: So y o u m a d e       RP: --dollars a day.FO: That was big pay.RP: That was big pay.FO: Oh you bet.RP: And I did a lot of work on the thing as well, andthen they finally saw that this wasn't a practical thing, and anyway the price of lead was so depressed, and they just stockpiled it anyway and just got the gold and silver and made a fortune out of it.FO: Is that right? It was that much?RP: Oh yes. It was a tremendous amount.FO: Now where was the ore mined?RP: Well, it was mined at Lark and the purchase oftremendous amounts of lead ores from all over thewhole state of Utah and Nevada and Arizona.FO: Oh, is that right?RP: It was one of the largest lead smelters in thecountry, Midvale, and it had all of Park City of course. They had a concentrator out there as well which treated the Park City ores by flotation. That's49
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2where those tailings come from that are in the Midvale area.FO: And had so much lead in them that the federal government's worried about them.RP: Right.FO: When they decided that what you were doing in thebasement, wasn't worth doing, did you lose your job? RP: Oh yes.FO: How long had you worked there?RP: I was there about eight to ten months.FO: Did you enjoy it?RP: Oh yeah, it was a lot of fun but it was a hell-of-aplace to work. I mean it was dirty, it was filthy. And I'd come home full of selenium, and you see the selenium fumes are worst than garlic.FO: Oh yes, I know.RP: And Mother used to cry [laughter] when I'd come inthe house.FO: There was no facilities to wash it all off and cleanit up down there.RP: No, well I mean it's your breath.FO: Oh I know, it wasn't the other part. It was thebreath. There is no antidote, huh? RP: No .FO: Wow! That wouldn't do well for romancing, would it? 50
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2RP:No. Well, in any case then there was a young fellow that came out from M. I. T. when I lost my job there. He was a rather weird fellow, and he'd set up a little lab here. He was trying to prospect for various non-metallic minerals, and he and I got acquainted. I did some assay work for him. His father had a lot of money. And he had a prospect out of Wendover, and you had to get to it off the saltflats. And he had a cabin up there by this copper property, with a little gold and silver in it. And we were out there when one of the big earthquakes hit in that area.Oh really. In 1934, huh?It's in that area. It was a big one. It ran up and down that whole valley.You could see the fracture in the earth?Well, we could feel it. It shook that cabin to heck, all to pieces.Is that right?But anyway this was one of the largest earthquakes that's happened in the state of Utah. But it left no damage because there was nothing there. If it had happened along the Wasatch that side of the earthquake would have been devastating.You did lose the cabin, huh?51FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:FO:
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2RP: Well, it was shook very badly. In any case, afterthat I came back and my uncle by marriage, Wooley,had--GT: What was Mr. Wooley's first name? RP: Ernest.GT: Ernest Wooley. Ernie.RP: And he was a great promoter,and he was a little in his handling of financial things. Governor Spry had to keep him in the state to keep him from getting extradited. He was just on the wrong--he was a very brilliant man. Butshady, I'll put it that way,he had, after the statute of limitations went off, why he had acquired Montecristo gold-silver property. Now this is a very interesting history of this mine. This was a--FO: The one in Utah or the one in Arizona?RP: Arizona. Well, he knew that I was a metallurgist, ofcourse, was through my cousin, Helen and Emma. And, actually, after his first wife died, mother's sister, Emma--or Helen, Emma practically lived at our house. They went to the university here and stayed at our house most of the time. They lived out in Cottonwood. He had Arabian horses out on--which is now Highland Drive. The house is still standing, a big frame house on the corner, oh you know where that nightclub sort52
   ROBERTR. PORTER # 2of thing is across the street. That was his stables where the night club is now. And he had Arabian horses and that sort of thing, and he was a prominent man. He was one of the Riches. Rich and McCarthy-- Mrs. McCarthy was his sister, Dennis            wife, the older man. And, anyway, he hired me to go down to Montecristo. Now, Montecristo was found quite a fewyears before that by some Phoenix people called Thayer and a big promoter named Julian, oil promoter and just general promoter. He had bought this mine from the Thayers and built up quite a nice mine up there. But the interesting part about this mine was that it contained lenses of almost solid silver.FO: Is that right?RP: It was an ideal thing for a promoter, of course. He'dhire buses out of Wickenburg up to the hill, up at Constellation, and bring the boys up and put them down there and show them these blocks of silver. They were big massive blocks, and he mined out quite a lot of these. He had a ton block of silver on his desk in New York.FO: That's a lot to put on one desk.RP: Well, it was a big desk. I mean it was a sturdy desk.And, anyway, Ernest got hold of it. It went to litigation. He, Julian, drilled oil wells in Texas,53
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2and then from one well he'd radiate a bunch of gushers, you see. Anyway, he skipped the country and died--or went to Hong Kong, and I think he was killed or died out there or something. And Ernest, somehow through litigation--he was a very good guy to go into these sort of things. And he got a hold of this mine. And he hired me. There was a lot of sulfide ores in it. It had copper and gold and silver. I went down there in the dead of winter through Flagstaff in a bus, and the snow was about--FO: Four feet deep, huh?RP: Yeah. We got over Flagstaff, and got down intoWickenburg and then they met me, and I went up to the mine. It was quite a nice camp up there, a very nice, pleasant place. It was high, you know. And I worked there for about eighteen months or more, and put up the mill, and treated these ores, and in the process we found some of these silver blocks. In order to get them out of the mine it was impossible to cut them, they were so loaded with silver. They were eighty-five percent silver wires, and there was no way to mine them, or blast them, or drill them.FO: You mined around them.RP: And dropped them and picked them up with ice tongsand put them in the mine car. 54
   ROBERT R. PORTER #2FO: RP:FO:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:How large was the largest one you picked up?About the size of that chair over there. It weighed over a ton.About three-and-a-half feet high by about two feet wide.Well, it was a more rounded, of course.Egg shaped.Right, egg shaped.Interesting.And these were sent up. I came up with one shipment, up to the U.S. smelting to where this was sent for processing. Hell, they'd never seen anything like it, and if it had been cut up for specimens it would have been priceless. It was so beautiful. There was no--just wires of silver like this and just little bits of quarts in between. But in any case I worked there--Tell me about the refining. What kind of values came out of that?FO:RP: Pure silver is 28,166 ounces to the ton and this was twenty-four thousand ounces. The only way you could sample it was by mechanical saw, and drilling, and geez, they didn't know what the hell to do with it.FO: Finally melted it, huh? RP: Yeah.55
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2FO: Too bad. I wish we had it.RP: Yes, these were beautiful pieces. In any case, Ibuilt this plant, and during the time that I was there, I was a mine sampler, I went underground in the daytime and sampled the faces, and then at night I would come up and start the furnace at about nine o'clock in the evening and get the assaying done at about twelve-thirty because it was cool. It was very hot up there in the daytime, but it was cool at night. We were reasonably high. We were on the Hassayampa River way up, pretty close to Yarnell Junction, and there was quite a few mining properties around Constellation. It's still on the map. I don't know why, but it is there. And there were a lot of other little properties around it, we sampled and everything. I had a very interesting time up there. It was very interesting work, and hard work, and we'd built a mill and processed quite a bit of ore there and sent the concentrate to Superior, Arizona, to the smelter at Superior.[end of side one]RP: --sent a carload out of Wickenburg. Truck it down toWickenburg, put it on the rail, and then put it into gondola cars and ship it over to Superior. Now, it ran about thirty-five percent copper. The concentrate56
  ROBERTR. PORTER # 2ran about thirty percent copper and several ounces of gold and silver. It was good stuff, and it's still there. And there was one area in there that had some gold areas that had a very rare mineral called calaverite which is a gold telluride, and we foundsome and shipped that--just mined that out. Didn't put it through the concentrate or anything. It was coarse, it was very rich, very high grade. Now this mine could have made a lot of money, if it hadn't been a promoter.GT: Is that right?RP: Oh yeah. It went into litigation after that becauseof Ernest, and I think it's still in litigation. Butit's still there.FO: Well, according to what I see here, you were therefrom late 1934 'til '36? RP: Thirty-five or '36, yeah.FO:RP:FO:RP:And you mean to tell me it's still in litigationafter--[laughter] I think so. Last I heard it was. I've beentrying to--Good Lord, this approaches a half a century oflitigation.But I mean Ernest died, and I don't know. He lost it--?--thing, of course. But it went back to Thayers,57
  ROBERTR. PORTER # 2there were leases, there was everything else on it. You see, it was so complex with this Julian thing that I think that I'm sure that it isn't an active case. But I don't think anybody can get hold of it because there were patented claims.FO: Very interesting. Did it make your relative rich?RP: No, he was promoting. He got a lot of money out of the promotion, not out of the mine. The mine more than paid for itself, and it would have been a goingconcern, but he was paying himself huge salaries.FO: Did you like that job?RP: Oh, I loved it. It was very interesting and mostinformative job. That was the first job I've ever had underground, sampling and learning how to put up stalls and sets and drilling and all that sort of thing.FO: You were still learning the mining business.RP: Well, I was a metallurgist and not a miner. I was achemist.FO: I know. You learned a lot about the mining while youwere there. RP: Right.FO: Especially with your sampling.RP: Right. And building a mill.FO: Now you were a young man in your early twenties then,58
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2and that isn't exactly the social capital of the universe, Constellation, Arizona.No, it is not. And we would go down about once every two \veeks into Wickenberg, and there was ---?--- We'd lay off over the weekend, of course.I see. So you'd spend your weekends down at Wickenberg.Well, we'd go down and then come back. But, of course, we couldn't afford a hotel. And Wickenburg at that time was the dude capital in the world in the winter. They'd have some dances and that sort of thing down in Wickenberg, and the miners would come down, and the dudes would come in, and the wranglers and it would always end up in a fight. [laughter]The fur would fly, huh?But we also went into Phoenix. Now Phoenix was a very interesting town at that time. In the summer it had a population of about thirty-five thousand, and I had to go occasionally into Phoenix. And in the winter it would run up to sixty-five to seventy thou. And in the summer all the residents of Phoenix would go upYarnell Hill and up to Prescott to get out of the heat. There was no air conditioning, and people would sleep in the parks on sheets. The only place in town was the old hotel there on--what's the middle ofRP:FO:RP:GT: RP:59
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2owned the mine had a hardware company in Phoenix, and that's where we all got our supplies and everything from.The Thayers.The dynamite and all that stuff.Was Phoenix a fun town?Well, I didn't have enough time to spend there. We'dFO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP: FO: GT: RP: FO:RP: FO: GT: RP:just go in and out, you know. Coming back one night we had a party, and I was driving the truck, and we rode between Wickenberg and Darth(?). I hit twelve sheep and killed them all. And the sheep were flying over the back of us. There was a flock of sheep in the road you see. No, you couldn't see them.And did you have a difficu1t time with the sheepherder?We didn't stop.You didn't wait to find out.You just kept going.This was quite late at night.And when you left the company at Constellation, Arizona, what were the circumstances of your leaving? Well, I was offered a job at Manning.Manning.Just below Mercur.Right.61
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2FO: RP:FO:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:Who offered you the job?One of the fellows that worked up at the station andthe Snyders. I was a friend of George Snyder's. He lived down the street on Butler Avenue.On Butler, of course. And so the Butler Avenue connection strikes again.That's right.And so you return to Utah. Did you live out there? Yes.At Manning?Yes.What was there?Well, the Snyders had put up a cyanide plant to treat the tailings that had come out of Mercer, and they were treated at Manning because the water was close from Fairfield and you could pipe it out in the old days, way back. This was before the ore was treated there, before the mill was put in Mercur. And there were two or three mines around there also. But these tailings were leach tailings from the old cyanide process. This was one of the first cyanide processesdeveloped in the United States. I mean I think it was the first mining mill at--and it was gold ore, of course, but it left quite a large residue of gold in the tailings because it was a very slimy ore, and it62
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2couldn't be percolated very well. That's all they knew in those days. And it would leave residual gold in solution. It would go in solution and then be left in the cake or pulp or whatever, or the tailings. It was a very simple process, but we had a thousand ton a day plant.A thousand ton a day plant.Holy smokes.And it consisted of a trucking and washing plant. They washed the tailings and separate the slimes and so on, then what we call counter-current decantation pickner(?), and the gold would be precipitated by the Merrill Crowe process which is zinc dust.GT: Which was the process?RP: Merrill Crowe.GT: C-r-o-w?RP: C-r-o-w-e. And this is the standard cyanide processfor recovering gold out of solution. I became metallurgist in charge of the assay office and assistant mill superintendent while I was there. I learned a lot about the Mercur ores. During that same period the price of gold--well, when they first started the mill which was quite a few years before, Sam Arentz's father was the principal in it with the Snyder brothers, Ed and George and Neil, so on. TheyFO: GT: RP:63
 ROBERT R. PORTER #2were rowders, but Ed was a very smart and brilliant man. Ed was the guiding light of the Snyder Corporation. George was a financier. Anyway, it had a very interesting history, and when gold went to thirty-five dollars they started making good money. And then they started to think about treating the Mercur dumps. And I treated several thousand tons of the Mercur dumps in the Manning mill. Going back alittle further in my history--during the time that I was in school--I think I mentioned this, that we treated some of the Mercur tailings in a roaster at the station. We11, as a resu1t of that, I came back to Manning too because of an experience on the Mercur tailings and the roasting and so on. And we put in a large roaster out there, and our engineer was a very brilliant man laid off from American Can, a draftsman, an engineer. He did everything, built the plant. He was a fantastic guy.FO: What was his name?RP: Oh, gee, I forgot. He went back to American Canwhen - -FO: Times got better.RP: Better. And, anyway, that was a great period in mylife. I stayed out there. It was boarding house, shacks. It was cold in the winter, very cold up64
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2there. The roads were no good to get into Salt Lake. It took about five hours to get over to Lehi, and down Redwood Road, or around to Tooele. You could go either way. But mainly--Mainly Lehi, huh?Yeah.Was the road still dirt west of Lehi?Oh yes, all the way to Manning, and all the way to Tooele, and not plowed, of course.And not plowed in winter.No.With what did you fire the roaster?With coal. Coal-fired. And there was a railroad that came in. The D. &R.G. came out from Tooele, out that way. And there was a spur there that came in below Manning at the 46' bottom of the hill. Manning was up the hill. We also treated in our plants an ore, andesite (?) porphyry.Where did you get it from?Well, down in southern Utah. Neil had the mine down there.Neil Snyder brought it up then.Yeah.Do you know where that mine was?I've forgotten where it is, but I could find out.FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:65
 ROBERT R. PORTER #2FO: Yeah, sure, well no matter.RP: I mean Sam would know, but I don't. Sam Arentz.FO: Tell me about this roasting process by which you gotthose ores. Did they prove out to be prosperous?RP: In the early days they roasted at Mercur. Now there's a certain amount of gold in the Mercur tailings which is readily available, very readily available. Thesame as the Manning ore with the soluble gold in it. But to get the rest of the refractory part of the ore it took roasting, and grinding, and it would never pay.FO: So you never did do anything with it?RP: We got the roasters going and we treated quite a bitof the Mercur tailings there, trucking it down. But we had problems in that cyanide plant which wouldn't stop. There were siliceous gels that built up in the thickener, and also there was enough carbon in there that didn't burn out so that it precipitated all the coal in solution. So we had a problem.FO: Sounds like you had problems. So you gave up on the Mercur ore?RP: As far as roasting was concerned.FO: Is there a way now to get those values out? That'seconomical?RP: I feel that it is economical to get the easy part.66
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2You can get half the gold.GT: But you lose half, huh?RP: This was the refractory part, the other half.FO: What kind of values did you get out of a ton of oreRP:FO:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP: FO:in the processing of the tailings at Manning?It ran ten hundredths gold and we collected about sixty percent. So we got .06, a sixth of an ounce at thirty-five dollars.So that for each ton of ore you got somewhere in the neighborhood of twenty dollars of gold.No, no, at thirty- five dollars.Six- hundredths.Six- hundredths.So that you only got two dollars per ton.It was a very cheap process.Oh yeah. Would that make them any money?Yeah.Oh Lord. Today it would take ten times that wouldn'tit?Well, they're treating .06 now, but the gold is tentimes as high.That's right.Three hundred fifty, four hundred dollars.Of course, of course. And hasn't done too well the last two years, has it?67
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2RP: Well, no, it hasn't. In any event, the Mercurtailings right now are economical, I feel. Getty has them, but it's interesting that I have had discussions with Getty on getting a lease on them, recently.GT: Now Getty was--have they spun off the--?RP: They are trying to spin it off. Since the takeover byTexaco.GT: That's what I heard, that they were trying to unloadthe mining properties.RP: But then from Mercur, I met a fellow by the name ofBill Foggergran, and another fellow who invented the air floats, the air float flotation reagents which were taken over by Cyanamid. Bill Foggergran developed the Foggergran flotation machine which was installed at Kennecott.GT: He's named quite a bit.RP: Yeah.FO: Now what was the guy who invented the air float?RP: Whitworth was his name. Frank Whitworth. And he wasquite a character. He was a real wild one. FO: Good for him.RP: Kennecott had no patents on the air floats because they had to pay a royalty if they used the xanthates to Mineral Separation, who had patents on the68
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2xanthates. The air floats were good collectors, and they were selective collectors. Cyanamid had taken these co11ectors and bui1t a who1e series of flotation reagents around the air float path, and were marketing them. As a result of this, they kind of liked me, these two guys. They both worked the cyanamid. Bill, after he got his money from Kennecott for the flotation machine, joined Cyanamid. I knew him quite well. So they asked me if I would go back to Linden, New Jersey.FO: Now which company?RP: With American Cyanamid.FO: And that would have been in 1939?RP: Oh no, in '37. And I was a process metallurgist thereand also doing field work, going out around New York State. There's a few mines up in that area, believe it or not. Balmatt(?) and Edwards are big lead-zinc mines, and Franklin Furnace in New Jersey, and down into the graphite schist on the Saint Lawrence River. On one occasion, I spent quite some time with an A.S. and R. property. We did consulting work for Cyanimid, who sent people out to various properties to see if they could straighten things out a little bit, improve their metallurgy. And I went out to Buchems, New Foundland which is way out there.69
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2FO: RP:FO: RP:In New Foundland you call it Buchems?B-u-c-h-e-m-s. And this was a very interesting mine. It was half-owned by the Daily News of London and the A.S. and R. stockholders. They formed a joint venture on this Buchems Mine, and it's still operating.Is that right?It was a very rich mine. But to get to it, you had no road. The steamer ran from North Sydney in Nova Scotia across the Port aux Basque, and then you got on the narrow gauge railway and went halfway down theisland, past Cornerbrook which is a big paper mill. The way the Daily News got into this thing was through their timber holdings and their huge land holdings. So they employed A.S. and R. to examine the mineral properties there, and they found this huge mine.A.S. and R. your referring to is American Standard and Refining?Smelting.Smelting and Refining, right.So you went up there for how long?A month, over a month.And what was your job up there?Well, it was to try to improve their metallurgy. While I was with Cyanamid, we got orders from allGT:RP: GT: FO: RP: FO: RP:70
 R . PORTER # 2over the world, everywhere. There was no place we missed. It was a fantastic experience, and one of the places was from Broken Hill in Rhodesia. Nobody had been able to separate the lead and zinc from this complex ore. It was very rich ore, but it was very complex. I happened to stumble onto the right combination which was a reagent. It separated very high-grade zinc and a very high-grade lead from this ore. Now part of the ore was also oxide, the oxidezincs, and the problem was getting these sulfides from the outside. It ran eighteen percent lead with fifty percent sulfide, and twenty percent of the zinc was sulfide. So it was a very complex ore, and it had vanadium in it as well. Anyway, I separated it. And using this combination of reagents they thought it might work up there at Buchems, you know, on their complex ore. It was a very complex ore as well, and it didn't.out, and seeing how it worked and so on, then came back. In the course of all of this work, I also did this Broken Hill work.FO: The work on the Broken Hill ores out of Rhodesia.RP: Out of Rhodesia, out of Zambia now, northernROBERTIt didn't work.FO:RP: No. But, anyway, I spent some time up there trying it71
  ROBERTR . PORTER # 2Rhodesia. The properties up there consisted of Broken Hill which is south of the Copperbelt, and the Copperbelt itself which is Selection Trust and Anglo-American. Anglo-American had Nchanga and Nkana and Selection(?)Trust had Mufulira, and Roan Antelope. But Anglo had Broken Hill. And the ores were sent over here to Cyanamid and I separated them. As a result of that I became acquainted with Anglo-American. After I'd been married--I was married in 1938 in New York, and they asked me if I would go to Africa. I'd always wanted to go because we had field men coming up from Johannesburg and all over the southern continent of Africa.FO: You developed an interest while you were in New Jersey.RP: Well, what happened was that our laboratory was moved from Linden into a large old spinning mill out of Stamford. The new laboratory put in was very modern at that time, very modern, and was very fine facilities.FO: On the next interview I want to talk about Africa, but on this one I want you to tell us a little more family history. I want you to talk about the person you married. Whom did you marry?RP: I married a girl named Beverly Slabaugh, Beverly Jane 72
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 2Slabaugh who was in New York at that time studying music.FO: Where was she from?RP:She was born in Salt Lake City and went to the East High School--or all through junior and high schools here, except for a few years that she went with her mother to Kansas City and Omaha with her step father. Her father was divorced, and so it was a separated fami1y¥ Then her father was in New York with the Census Bureau. Actually, it was during that period when the Blue--he was working for the government in any case.The Blue Eagles?Sort of.Oh, it was with the N.R.A.One of those--Roosevelt agencies.Right. I met Beverly in 1937 through an acquaintance who came from Utah, a fraternity brother of mine, went back in New York and joined a law firm back there. I used to commute from New Jersey to New York, and we'd go to dinner in one of the places there, orfrom Stamford into New York. And Beverly had an apartment with eight other girls on Riverside Drive. [laughter]FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:73
  ROBERT R. PORTER #2FO: Eight other girls.RP: Well, there was a whole bunch of them, and they arestill friends, some of them. In any case, we used to go out to dinner. There was four of us. There was Bob Garnett, whose father was a reporter. He was the fellow that I met Beverly through, and Charlotte Knight(?) who was a reporter during the war for the air force magazine. She got cracked up taking off from a helicopter onto a sub during the Korean war. In any case, she was a great girl. And we'd go out to dinner different places, all around New York and havea great time. We were married in Manhattan.FO: Did your families come back from Utah for thewedding?RP: My mother did, my father didn't. And Beverly's mothercame back. And Beverly had taken an apartment by herself out in Queens, but she figured that she wasn't going to get anywhere with her music. She had a very beautiful voice and still has. She was in East High operas and part of the operas at the university, light operas and so on.[END OF T APE]74
  THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH MR. ROBERT R. PORTER ON OCTOBER 1, 1984, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH, SALT LAKE CITY. THE INTER VIEWERS ARE DR. FLOYD O ' N E I L AND GREG THOMPSON.GT: We were discussing on our last session, Mr. Porter, the time you spent in New Jersey, and you were talking about your position there as well as some of the people that you began to make contact with, and I don't think we completed that discussion. I'd like to carry on today.RP: All right, I think we covered pretty well the flotation experiences that I had which were world-wide, I mean from every continent except Antarctica. The flotation and cyanidation--at that time gold was the thing that they all loved. Copper and lead and zinc were not very good, but gold was okay, and so there was quite a lot of activity in the gold industry the same as it is now because the price has gone up and we've gone off the gold standard. Also the foreigners were very anxious to get all the gold that they could. They didn't want any copper, or lead, or zinc. Now, one of the things that was interesting about this thing was one of the things I discovered when I was back there, was that many of the gold ores, particularly on the mother load in California, contained carbon--graphite. It really is graphite. Now when you float the gold, if you have a75
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3flotation plant, the carbon comes up just like with a frother. It just moves up and dilutes the concentrate. Also when you try and cyanide it, it has interference. Well, while I was out in Utah and associated with Bill(?)Dargon and Frank Whitworth, we were discussing molybdenite. Now that has the same crystal structure as carbon, and they were depressing molybdenite out here at Arthur and Magna by use of yellow corn dextrin to put in the flotation. It's a sugar. I believe that we were talking about the argonaut particularly in California and one of the things that came up was how to get carbon out of these concentrates. And so I said, "Well, that's the same structure as molybdenum. Let's try it." Sure enough it worked like a charm. So Cyanamid marketed this stuff. Yellow corn dextrin you can buy anywhere, you know. So they marketed it as a reagent and put anilineslops (?) in there and covered it up and gaveit a nice--[laughter] so nobody knew what the hell itwas.GT: They camouflaged it. Now how did they camouflage it,Mr. Porter?RP: With anilineslops (?) from Bond Brook, New Jersey.FO: Just waste material.RP: Yeah, it really was a dye, you see. Well, it was the76
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3slops. But another thing that was very interesting about the experiences at Cyanamid was my boss, Louie Crissman, and he was a--Do you spell it with a K?No, C--German, very German, and he was an organic chemist, but he knew all about the air floats and how to compound all these organic compounds that were being sold as flotation reagents. And he was quite an entrepreneur. I mean he's a real smart guy. When we moved from Linden up to Stamford, they put in a beautiful 1ab. They had all kinds of stuff upstairsFO: RP:GT:RP:FO: GT:RP:GT:in the organic department and all the rest of it. But Louie's favorite topic was--he said, "Well, a guy with a piss pot, and a paddle, and a good idea is a hell of a lot better than all this." [laughter]He didn't think much of it, did he?I thought that was very clever.SodoI.As you look back over that period of your career working in the flotation area, can you name for me five or six of the key people in the world that you thought were the innovators?Yes, there was Tony (?) Gadam at M.I.T. He was outhere.You mean here in Salt Lake?77
 ROBERT R. PORTER #3RP:GT: RP: GT: RP:GT: RP:GT: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:Yeah, wait a minute. It was with Mineral Separation anyway.It isn't Fairgez(?)?No, no, it's--Who did he work for?He founded Mineral Separation out here, and it became an English company later and Ganford (?)--that's it. How do you spell his name?I've forgotten. Anyway he was well-known, and Taggert(?) from Columbia, and Jack Thompson from here who had the blue (?) Thompson flotation machine. And he went all over the world.I see. And that was Robert Thompson's father.Right. Jack. And he went all over the world solving problems and so on, and then there was another. Oh, there were two or three more. Joe Swainson was another one from Cyanamid.And where was he located?At Stamford.At Stamford, Connecticut.Yeah.I see. Now with--it seems that Salt Lake had morethan its share.There was a lot of good work done here. There was a tremendous amount of flotation work done here in Salt78
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3Lake. The big flotation fights were out here atFO:RP:FO: RP:FO: RP: GT: RP: FO: RP:GT:RP:Kennecott.What companies were involved in the flotationindustry in Salt Lake?Well, there was Mineral Separation, and, well, at all of the mines themselves.So that Kennecott--And U.S. Smelting, and Tooele, and oxide copper at Tooele. Oxide-lead, sorry. And then there were lots of mills around here in this area--U.S. and Bower. When did Eimco get into it?In flotation, they didn't.They just made basically the equipment.No, they didn't even make equipment at that time.I see. So their equipment's later stuff.Yeah. It was mainly the hydrometallurgy. They didn't go into flotation machines.They were reconditioning equipment to metallurgy. It wasn't until the forties they really began to make-- Their own stuff. You see, the Finley Loader, which was the Eimco machine, the mucking machine was developed in Park City by Jack Finley.GT: Now, wasn't it developed down at Eureka?RP: No, I thought it was at Park City Con. I'm prettysure of it.79
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3When you were in Connecticut, how long did you work in that new laboratory?Well, I was only six months in Linden, in New Jersey, and then the rest of the time from then until '39--About two or two and half years that you were in     lab.In the lab and fieldwork.Now, I want to ask you this about the 1ab work: was your German friend right? Was it true that somebody with a piss pot, a paddle, and a good idea was better than all that equipment?Yes, that's right. Well, I mean, your good ideas came from the flotation reagents that they sold and all that.What actually did that laboratory produce?It was a general lab for Cyanamid at that time. The whole spectrum: the patent department was there; the organic chemistry department was there; the mineral stressing department and the assay offices and chemistry labs.was a cotton weaving mill, or woolen weaving 80FO:RP:FO:RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:GT:RP:FO: Was it all contained in one building?GT: Yes, Cyanamid bought it from--I don't know whether itThat was quite an operation. Oh, it was a big operation.
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3mill--but it was a big building on Post Road inFO:RP: FO:RP:Stamford.And they refurbished it then, put in the best new equipment?At that time.Do you know whether or not Cyanamid considered that operation economically successful?Oh yes, but you see the mineral dressing department at that time was carrying the whole ball of wax because they were selling all the cyanide.I see. So it was the sale of the cyanide--Cyanide and flotation reagents that-- That was carrying the company.Yeah.FO:RP:FO:RP:FO: Was cyanide an expensive material?RP: Well, at that time yes. It's fairly expensive, butyou see Cyanamid made cyanide out of--well, it was cyanamid which is a calcium--instead of CN, it's CN2. It was a fertilizer that was developed in Germany. The first plant was electro-furnacing and the first plant was at Niagara Falls in this country where they had cheap power. That was the basis of Cyanamid's whole company, the fertilizer to begin with. Now after that, by combining it with coke and lime you could make calcium cyanide out of cyanamid. This was81
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3a crude product, but it worked. I mean it was cheap compared with the white cyanide.FO: And so the cheaper was the big seller.RP: Right.FO: And the mines in Utah used that product?RP: Yes, you see, Kennecott used quite a lot of cyanideFO: RP: FO:RP: FO: RP:because they depressed the pyrite with it, and it acts as a depressant for the mineral pyrite. Also, all of the places that had pyrite in their ores used it, but as well as the homestake, for example, in a cyanide plant. You know, the big gold producer and a lot of the mother lodes were using the cyanide process, and also overseas. There was a lot of shipments out of there.Their manufacturing plant then was where?Niagara Falls.Tell me, you mentioned as we were leaving the other day about some ores that you handled from Saudi A rabia.Yes.Which place? Were you in Stamford?I was at Stamford at that time, and the Esnar(?) came to us, and I got the job treating this peculiar ore. There was a dump, and this is a most interesting dump. It was started about five or six hundred B.C.,82
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3and it ran until about three or four hundred A.D., and this was supposedly one of King Solomon's gold mines. It was hard quartz, the ore. Of course, it was a11 s1ave 1abor. What happened was that they mined this thing. The property was in Saudi Arabia. I think it's about a hundred or two hundred miles north of Mecca. It was right out in the middle. They sent over samples for this thing, which was rather peculiar stuff. I think I told you wrong the other day. I said there was over a million tons of stuff.FO: Over a million tons of debris.RP: And there was heat. It was about thirty or forty feethigh from the ground level. It had copper, free gold at that time. The way the dump was formed was that the miners would go underground and built fires against the face, and then throw water on it to crack the rock. There was no dynamite, no drilling, nothing.GT: They'd just heat it and cool it.RP: Yeah, and shatter it. It must have been awful workingconditions. Rio Tinto, Spain was the same sort of thing. Millions of tons of stuff was mined that way. Anyway, they brought the stuff up in baskets on their head, of course, from underground. Then it would be placed in their little huts, and the women and the83
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3children would take a mortar and pestle made out of stone, grind it like a corn grinder. It was just a regular mortar and pestle. And then they would run it over a golden fleece. Now golden fleece is nothing but a sheepskin which is set on an incline plane. You put water with it and the fibers collect the gold and the waste goes out off the end of the scape. Now this is the golden fleece.GT: Is that where the term comes from originally? It's interesting they were able to identify the wool as a collecting agent.RP: The wool also had a little tallow--the grease.FO: Lanolin in the wool?RP: This also would collect gold, as well as the fleeceitself. Then they'd shake it out, and wash it, and me1t the stuff down, and get go1d. Now, in bui1ding these dumps, the women and children would naturally throw these tailings and stuff right out the door and along with all the debris, the goats and the bones and carbon from the fires.GT: The garbage all went out, huh?RP: Everything--the garbage all went out. When the dumpgot high they'd just build on top of it. So the houses went up with the dump. During this period, why the Daily News at London and the same people I told84
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3you about at Buchems and A. S. and R. were interested in this property, and they sent it around just a few places, the dumps, and they finally came up to Cyanamid. I got the job of treating these things. They'd sampled the dumps by shafting them down to the bottom and taking samples all the way down the face of these various holes all over the dump. And it ran about three quarters to an ounce of gold. Now, the surprising thing about this was that there was no free gold in it. It was either combined with the pyrite or in the carbon. Now the carbon being thrown out of the thing was wood carbon, of course, not coal so that it was highly active, that is it was activated charcoal. Now, of course, with all the debris and goats and humans and everybody else, their refuge would go out, urine and all that stuff would go out on the dump as well, you see. Now the urine recombines and makes cyanide. [laughter]GT: An interesting problem is presented for you.RP: And this cyanide, of course, dissolved some of the gold and then would precipitate on the carbon, right in the carbon. And by using a screening and heavy density media, I was able to scalp off this carbon which represented a fairly good percentage of the gold in the dump, between fifteen to twenty percent,85
 ROBERT R. PORTER #3something of that order, into a high-grade product. And also by flotation of the oxide copper, and then by the cyanide in the tailings, you'd get a very good recovery out of this thing. And so this was the process that went in. Now, the interesting part about this thing is that when I got down to Africa the--one of my very good friends who is in the United States now. He's English. His father was a very well known mining engineer, went all through Russia. I think TedFO: RP:was born in Russia prior to the czar times, of course.What is his name?McDermott, and his father worked for one of the large consulting firms out of London, like Hoover did. He, Ted, went down to Africa on the Copperbelt about the same time I did, but I was in N'changa and he was in the Nkana, and he lost his leg in a mine accident. But at any case, it's very interesting that he wasthe guy who took the samples from-- Saudi Arabia and sent them to you. Yeah.Good heavens. Small world.Isn't it? After he lost his leg, the mine put him as an assistant to the manager. He was still a young man at that time, and then he later moved toFO: RP: FO: RP:86
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3Johannesburg. We knew him for a long time.Was he active in mining?Oh yes, he was very active. He was the consultingengineer for one of the Anglo-French corporations in South A frica.So the Saudi project was a very profitable project. Oh yes, it was very profitable, and after they got through with the dumps they went underground.Was the underground mining very successful? Afterwards, yes.So that mine, in effect, \-las a mine had been opened up about 300 B.C. or before and off and on mined through that whole time?Yeah.Gee willakers.Well, you can imagine it was pretty slow work with a little bit of fire and a lot of water. ,It's amazing though that their process created--they gathered enough gold so you weren't finding free gold when you were going back through the pile.into the carbon, would you have found it? RP: I think we'd have found some.FO: But not a lot.FO: RP:GT: RP:FO: RP: GT:RP: GT: RP:GT:RP:FO: If there hadn't been urine in there to drive the goldThe dump, that's right.87
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3RP:FO:RP:GT: RP:No.You think the golden fleece process worked pretty well for them.Oh, well, it was the gravity concentration. It was very good. And it's still being used, the same sort of thing on the ramp on which waters ran with corduroy.Using corduroy textiles.Whi1e I was at Cyanamid--I to1d you a 1itt1e bit about this Broken Hill project that was in northern Rhodesia. When I managed to make the separation of this complex lead - zinc ore, one of the consulting engineers for Anglo-American, which owned the two mines on the copper belt, they sent their consulting metallurgist around to see what had been done about this Broken Hill job. So we got to talking and so on, and he was rather impressed by me, I guess, from what had happened and my experiences with the flotation and all the rest of it. I had a very complex copper oxide ore, a sulfide ore at N'changa. This mine was being reopened. It closed in '30 because the price of copper went to zero. Also, they had a flood underground and a bad one.You spell that N-e-e-h-a-n-g-a?N apostrophe c-h-a-n-g-a. Now, the town thatGT: RP:88
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3associated with that is Chingola. We'll go into that a little later. But, in any case, Talbot was the man's name that was their consulting engineer orFO: RP:metallurgist, and he said, "Would you like a job in Africa?" I had been just married then about a year, not quite--yeah, a year. So we thought this was a great idea, but at least I got a lot more money, which is an incentive.Did your wife feel good about going?Oh yeah, she's rather adventurous. So she was a girl out of New York, of course. But in any case Talbot came to me and offered me this job. Now Louie Crissman didn't want me to go. He says, "I can't match that salary, no way." As a result of that, I signed a contract with them in June of '39, 1939.How long was the contract run for?Indefinite, or three years, reasonably. Two months vacation a year.So it was a ten-month contract per year, basically. That's very nice.In any case, I'll get back into that a little later. During that period, why, from then until August--I was due to sail in September. I had given Cyanamid three or four months notice to wind up the work that I had had on tap there. And so war was declared inFO: RP:GT: FO: RP:89
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3August of '39. Now the normal way to get to Africa at that time and the only way that Charter Consolidated, which is a part of Anglo-America would send you was across on steamers to Southampton, and then Union Castle line down to Johannesburg, which was a weekly schedule on the mail ships, we called them. The Castle Line had the names of the ships named after the castles, the Edinburgh Castle, the Windsor Castle, and all the rest, and it was a very goodline. But war was declared, so that was out. Now this threw Charter into a complete and utter tailspin. They didn't know what to do. Now, Newmont Mining was also a partner of theirs in the Copperbelt up on--and so they cabled me to contact Newmont to see if they cou1d arrange passage. We11, Newmont cou1dn't do anything either. So I said--[END OF T APE]RP: --Dutch freighter. Now, at that time Holland wasneutral, and it was twelve passengers, very niceship, new, practically new.GT: And this was the Dutch freighter?RP: Yeah. And it was sailing out of Hoboken direct toSouth Africa, although we did stop at Trinidad because the oil was cheap in Trinidad, and they would refuel in Trinidad. And there were twenty-one daysá90
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3We had some wonderful experiences on that little ship. I met a fellow on ship whose father was practically Mr. Kenya. He was going back to Africa. He'd been in school in the United States, and he was going to join his regiment for the war up in Kenya. And the only way you could get there was to go through Capetown. His name was Bloch, and his father owned many hotels and all the tea plantations and soFO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:on up in Kenya and the New Stanley and, the Norfolk. We're still corresponding. I've seen him four or five times since. He ran the big safari out of Nairobi, you know, the white hunters? He was a very interesting guy, and he's a very nice fellow too, and so we corresponded. But anyway, going down on this ship there was people from Surabaya, Dutch people, and the captain was a very pleasant guy, the first officer was. We had a ball. Of course the lights wereall on the side of the ship so that they wouldn't torpedo us.Neutral vessel.Yeah.Did you have children then?No, we were just--The two of you.Just the two of us. There was a lovely cabin, and all91
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3Indonesian help, and there was plenty of it. You'd even turn around there they'd be to help you, you know, give you anything you want. They rigged up a swimming pool on deck, so we swam and had a good time around on the way. Well, we got to Capetown and went to a hotel. I went up to Joe Burton, and we stayed there for about three days before we caught the train to northern Rhodesia. Now, I think this is a good place to show you a map.Okay fine. Let me see the map.FO: RP: GT: RP:GT: RP:Now the journey from here to there to there.Clear to Zaire.Below that. Zambia. It's five days by train. That's a long way.And how did you go?We originally went to Johannesburg, but the other way was through Kimberley and up to Botswana. This was a very interesting--well, I went from Capetown. Westayed at a nice hotel there, and my wife and I were both amazed. Of course, when you go into a place like that, they'd bring out all the English cutlery starting from here down to here. Hell, we didn't know what to do with them. We had to have Jack interpret for us, what fork to use and so on. But it was a very pleasant time down there. But, we went to92
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3Johannesburg first and met the people I was suppose to work with up there who are in charge. See Anglo-America owned the mines in N'changa and Nkana, those two mines; Selection Trust owned the Mufulira and Alantia(?) of Roan antelope. Now, to orient yourself a little bit about the mineral section, here's an overlay of the map of Utah. Now, within that area is probably the greatest concentration of mineral wealth, non-ferris metals in the world. Copper of course is primary; cobalt is next; lead-zinc in the Congo. You see this goes right into the Congo. This whole area here, that circle is the great Copperbelt. Part of this belonged to the Belgians. See how that peninsula comes down?Uh- huh.GT:RP: Now that was Rhodesia. When he made the deal with thechief, they wanted this piece of ground, the chief did. So he made a deal on the rest on the thing there. So there is copper, cobalt, lead, zinc, germanium, cadmium, tin, big uranium deposit which was the main foundation for the bombs, the first bombs were at Chikalobwe(?) right here in the Congo. This is a tremendously wealthy country--or mineralized area.FO: Mineral wealth, uh-huh.93
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3RP: And very rich.FO: And now you worked in Zambia only, or did you work inZaire too?RP: Well, I went across the border, was right there.FO: Yeah, I see.RP: And I was up there quite often with ---?---.FO: How far was N'changa from the border?RP: About twenty miles.FO: Oh, that close.RP: Our plant. Now here's another map. Now you see thisis a newer map on a larger scale. Now here's Kitwe which--here's Chingola and here's--Lubumbashi is in the Congo.GT: And that's spelled L-u-b-u-m-b-a-s-h-i.RP: Right. And we drove across the border here. I had a car. It was very disconcerting because you were driving on the English side of the road here, and you get into the Congo and they go the other way. Soboomb like this on a dirt road.FO: And run into each other. [laughter] Did you have awreck?RP: No, fortunately, but the Belgians got very cross. FO: Small wonder.GT: No sense of humor.RP: But the Belgians were very, very pleasant people. We94
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3made some very good friends up there in the Congo. Monsieur Quetts' son went to the university here. He graduated in metallurgy here at the university, and h e c a m e h e r e s e v e r a l t i m e s ¥ Mo n s i e u r w a s r e a 1 1 y a fine metallurgist, and they had minerals exhibits up there that you can't believe. It was just fantastic. Anyway, it was a very interesting experience, but that's where I was located. Now Broken Hill is Kabwe. They've changed the names of all these places. This is where Broken Hill is. That was the lead-zinc.Now you're looking north and slightly west of Kabwe? Kabwe in N'changa?N'changa.No, here's N'changa up here.Oh, it's up higher, Kitwe.K- i - t - w- e .See here's Chingola. Kitwe is Nkana, and here's Broken Hill down here.Oh I see, at Kabwe.K-a-b-w- e.FO:RP: FO: RP: FO: GT: RP:FO:GT: RP: FO:RP:Yeah.Now how far would it have been from Chingola toKabwe?Well, I used to drive it quite often. It was about ahundred and fifty miles. 95
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3GT: Chingola is C-h-i-n-g-o-1-a.FO: Was Lusaka the great capital then too?RP: No, Ndola was the capital. The railroad came toNdola. That was where the passenger train terminated. FO: I see, at Ndola.RP: Ndola, and that was the provincial capital of thatparticular province. That's where the government offices were located, but they had D.C.s at the other camps and-- district commissioners.FO: And did the D.C.s exercise a lot of power in the traditional colonial pattern?RP: No, they were very low key, and they weren't paid very much. But they enjoyed their work, and they were an authority. Going out west--out here at Mumbwa and all down this place, they've covered an area about the size of the state of Utah, one D.C., and they do the whole works. They just respect it.FO: I can see why he was low key. You hadn't better get high key in that district. [laughter]GT: You wouldn't survive.RP: The judge came around about once a month to try thecases, whatever they were. Now, all of the policewere black, and we called that scary.FO: Now when you went there you landed at Ndola.RP: Yeah, and they picked me up there. There was paved96
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3road to Chibwe from Ndola that was tarred.FO: Only twenty miles or something like that.RP: Yeah, very few miles. And then from there on into Kitwe it was all dirt. But the railroad had been driven through. The railway terminated here in theearly days because there was a mine there calledBwanamkubwa. Now that's a native expression.FO: What does it mean?RP: Big boss. Bwana is the boss and mkubwa is the bigFO: RP: GT: FO: RP:one. And it was a copper mine there in quite early days. Now the Congo had been started before in about 1915, and so the railway came into this area. Now the Belgians had built another railway out to--Luanda?Luanda.To the west coast.At Angola.At Angola. This railway went up there, and then the branch lines with the freight and stuff went into all of the other mine camps, Mufulira and so on. You can see it better on this. See here's the railway coming up. Lusaka is the capital, then you come up, youfollow this road up here, and here is Ndola, see?Urn-hum.Bwanamkubwa is right out here.GT: RP:97
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3FO: To the north, westward from Ndola.RP: But a very short distance.FO: Would you judge that ten miles?RP: About five miles is all. That was why the town wasfounded, was because of the copper mine. And also the railway went on up to the Congo to bring supplies and take copper and stuff back. Now N'changa and Nkana have a very interesting histories. These huge finds were found--the big mines that is Nkana and Mufulira and Roan were found drilled out--let's put it that way. They were found by the natives. Everything was from the natives, way back, but making copper tools. And you can still see the way they did it was with a bi11ows and charcoal, just me1ting down the oxide ores to make their spears and everything like that. Now, anyway, drilled this thing out and Chingola was the richest of the_northern Rhodesian mines. It wasn't as rich as the Congo. Congo was tremendous and Lubumbashi (Elizabethville), all of those places were tremendously wealthy--and Jadoville which has all been renamed. They were tremendously wealthy. And the Belgians got rich off these. This is King Leopold's, private country.FO: Privately owned by the royal family.Rp: yeah, the who1e country of Zaire. AnywaY, N'changa98
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3was, in 1928 or '27 they opened up the mine, put down shafts and mined it to sample it. They were shipping the ore to Nkana, whatever ore there was. And they didn't take out much at that time. But during the exploration work there was a tremendous amount of water. It was tremendous. Something of the order of thirty to forty million gallons of water per day from underground was pumped quite a few feet up above. Andthey had doors in the mine and underground to a bulkhead so that if it started to flood why they could get out. But the shaft at that time went straight down, and they did have a flood, and they lost quite a few men. Later a manager of the mine was one of the guys that closed some of the bulkhead doors during that flooding period. So it remained dormant after that until about '37, and then theyredrilled it and put two inclines in. And one wascompletely for water.FO: I see. So it drained the water away from.RP: Yeah.FO: They had a place where they could drain it.RP: Oh yes, into the river. There was a big river outthere. That's probably where the water came from originally. It's a tremendous river. I'll show yousome pictures .99
   ROBERT R. PORTER #3FO: RP: FO: RP:GT:RP:What is the name of the river?The Kafue.The Kafuwe, K-a-f-u-w-e.[Right.] Here is the Kafue dam which is one of the largest dams in the world.I was just noticing on the map that you brought that from Capetown to Lusaka was two thousand and twenty-two miles. So it was a very long trip when you went up there.And the train went slow, and they stopped at every station, and all the natives would come out with their little goods, and you'd give them a penny or two and that was it. I mean a penny. You were talking big money then for the natives, and my wife was fascinated. You know we were, both of us, just absolutely--when we went through Francistown and all of the--the Mafeking and Bulawayo and all those old roads names. And then, of course, you crossed the falls on the bridge, crossed Victoria Falls on the bridge. And you can see the falls from the train. Oh, it's beautiful.FO: Now, which river were they on? Were they on theZarnbezi?RP: The falls are on the Zambezi, see this way, here itis. Now here's where the falls are, the Victoria 100
  ROBERT R. PORTER #3 Falls.FO: So the railroad went over the top.RP: Well, it went through the gorge, and there's aFO:RP: FO: RP:FO:RP: FO:RP:FO:bridge, very high, a thousand feet to the river. That gorge just drops like this, and the coal for the mines came from Wankie which is there. They were shipped up by rail for the mines for their power and so on. We had coal-fired boilers and things.Now tell me how long this railroad--would they ship the goods from Europe down to Capetown, then two thousand two hundred miles northward--No, most of it went around the Cape.And carne in through where?Through Beira, right here. And there's a railroad that runs from Beira to Bulawayo.I see, so that the rail traffic carrying the freight was mainly unloaded over on the Mozambique coast. Correct.Now that would have been Portugal then.That's right.And it's at the mouth of a river too, B-e-i-r-a, and they pronounce it "by-ruh". And so it went up through Salisbury. That's the railroad into Salisbury. I can see. In present-day Zimbabwe, okay. That'sfascinating.101
    ROBERT R. PORTER #3GT: We probably should stop at that point.FO: All right. We'll have to continue this one.[END OF TAPE]102