 LUCILLE OLSEN Hiawatha, UtahAn Interview By Carole and Eldon M illerCarbon County Oral History Project No. 9December 5, 1993Amerlcan West Center University of Utah Marriott Llbrary Salt Lake City, Utah
 TABLE OF CONTENTSBACKGROUND/EARLY EXPERIENCES IN HIAWATHA WHAT SHE DID AFTER SHE FINISHED SCHOOLRECREA TION1 5 6 7 9 9MINE 11 12 13 14 15 17 19 20 24 24 25 27 28 28 30 31 34WHAT HER AND HER WHERE THEY LIVEDWHAT HER HUSBAND WHERE THEY LIVEDWHAT HER HUSBANDHER FIRST CARWHAT HOUSES WERE STORES AND BUSINESSES HER CHILDRENBOARDING HOUSES I N BLACKHAWK HOW HOUSES WERE ASSIGNEDEXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES CHRISTMAS AND OTHER ACTIVITIESHUSBAND DID FOR IN BLACKHAWKDID I N THE MINEAFTER THEY WERE MARRIEDVIRGL I K ECOULD MAKE WORKINGI NTHES O C I A L G R O U P S I NTHE WAR YEARSMINING ACCIDENTSHOW MARRIED MEN SPENT THEIR FREE TIME WHAT THEY EXPECTED FROM THEIR CHILDRENWHAT ETHNIC GROUPS LIVED HER CHILDREN GROWING UP I N COMPANY STORET H EC A MPI N I NTHE THEEARL Y AREADA YSI NTOWN BLACKHAWK
 [THIS I S AN INTERVIEW OF LUCILLE OLSEN THE INTERVIEWERS ARE CAROLE AND ELDON MILLER THE DATE IS DECEMBER 5, 1993 AND THEPLACEEMLOI S HIAWATHA, UTAH ]We are writing a book on Carbon County and my assignment is Hiawatha, so they would like us to interview people who live thereMy mother, my step-father, my two brothers and me came from Colorado to Utah to find work in 1913 I think I was maybe 15 or 16, I don't know exactly how old I was Then, the Hiawatha I knew was all below the tracks, and it wasn't Hiawatha at all, it was Blackhawk It was called Blackhawk The Blackhawk CoalIs that where they eventually put those flattops?Yes, it was down in that area, and the store was down there and it was a two-story store, upstairs and downstairsIs that what became the office building to the flattops? Well, the office was upstairs That's where the men used to go to get their pay checksHow much did your house cost you to live in at that time? When we first moved there? About twelve dollars a month, four rooms and a little pantry No modern houses, there wasn't a oneSo you had an outhouse?They made a lot of the old houses modern You know, asthe years went on they put bathrooms, but the new ones, of course, the two story ones like where Bill BurnsEM LOEM LOCM LOCM LO
 LUCILLE OLSENlived You remember where Bill Burns lived, above the store? Those small houses, they was modern house They were built, of course, like that I don't know the year was when they built those houses Yes, the Hiawatha I knew was all differentCM Well, why don't you tell us about it, because that's what we really need to knowLOá Well, 1 can't say anything about it much, but we came there in 1913 to find work with my step-father, and my oldest brother worked in the mine of courseCM And what was their last names? What was your maiden name? LO Storey.CM Were you related to Darrel Storey?LO NoCM It is strange to have two Storey's and not to be related LO Well no, that wouldn't be too strange They come from adifferent countryCM What country did you come from?LO. 1 come from, 1 was born in Colorado, 1 guessCM But your ancestors came from where? Where did yourancestors come from?LO Oh, my father was full-blooded Irishman from Ireland, andmy mother was Scotch and Irish 1 don't know what country, don't know of any farm country she was ever in, but she was from the state of Missouri2
 LUCILLE OLSENCM Then you lived in Blackhawk for a while, and then did youmove up into HiawathaLO Yes, we 1ived there then they sold it, you see BlackhawkCoal Company sold it to United States Fuel, and United States Fuel recalled it Hiawatha Coal, Hiawatha King Coal, and 1 don't know what year that was, 1 can't remember exactly, but we was there 1 lived in Hiawatha the rest of my entire life until Verge retired, then we moved to PriceCM Well, when you were in Blackhawk, then there, then where did you move from there?LO We lived in Hiawatha, but we just moved up, you know, up in the town across the tracks The tracks, Blackhawk was below the tracks Well, I guess the whole works because it all belonged to one company Then, as it grew, and they built houses, we got a better house We moved up across the tracks And then, now let's see, 1 don't know what year it was they started, another company come in and bought interest in it, and that is when they built the new tipple, the one we know, down across the road And it took them like 1913, 14, 15, 16, 17 lt took them five years to build that .tipple and to do the things they done Then was to build that hotel Do you remember that red brick schoolhouse? And that, you know, just to build And there was a lot of people who just came in3
 LUCILLE OLSENfrom West Virginia and different places to work too, and they had a whoppenEM A what?LO A whoppen, a big payroll because they had lots of people CM How much did your husband get paid at that time?LO Well, my husband was a kid Yes, he was like 17 or 18years old, and so was I, so I was He worked in the mine, Virg worked in the mine all his life, but he also learned to be a barber He had an uncle who had a barber shop there, Jim Stevens, and he learned to be a barber, and he done He was a barber at night and worked in the mine in the day Yes, we was only kids, and it took about five years to build that tipple, and of course, people left that worked there, and now 1 am hearing they are tearing it down, are they?EM It is just about torn down now, but the rest of the town is still there Would you like to go up there this spring if it is stillLO No, 1 never want to go backEM You want to remember it as it wasCM Did you go to school?LO I sure did It was a little brick, rock schoolhouse Doyou remember where the Reaveley's lived? That schoolhouse was right straight across the road from where they lived Yes, 1 went to school4
 LUCILLE OLSENCM And how many grades were there?LO Eight, through the eighth grade And there was teachersfrom Price, Steven Olsen and Lynn Fausett Lynn Fausett is one of those craft painters. Lynn and Dean Fausett, Lynn Fausett is Dean's brother, and him and Stevens rode from Price every morning on a buggy to teach schoolCM There were only two teachers?LO. No, there were about four teachers, but they came thisfar to teach There was a lady teacher, her name was Mrs Johnson, but 1 don't remember where she lived 1 think she lived in Price, too But they came there to teach school Yes, and 1 went to school, to Lynn FausettEM Did you go to the red brick schoolhouse at all? Were you a student in the new school?LO No, noEM You went to Price right after thatLO 1 got married, I never went to high school 1 never wentto collegeCM You went through the eighth grade then And how old wereyou when you got married? LO NineteenCM Then what did you do from the time you graduated until you were eighteen?LO: Well, 1 did different things 1 worked a little bit and did different things, you know5
 LUCILLE OLSENCM Did you work in the store?LO No, 1 helped clean the Post Office and did some janitorwork Yes, we got married in 1919EM What were some of the things that you and Virg did beforeyou got married, for recreation? Did you have theamusement hall there, then?LO No, that amusement hall was built as they built thattipple We had a, you know, kids find something to do no matter what We went on picnics and they had what they call the Gun Club 1 don't know whether you know that or not It was a big, long building, and it was up, you know where Wetsel lived? It was right on up the road, and it was built in that area They called it the Gun Club, and it was a big building The men that belonged to this Gun Club were extremely good marksmen You know, Virg was one of them That's where they used to hold dances and parties and things like they did in the amusement hall, so that is where we had our social gatherings Then, they never had any kind of church there for years and years1 think the first church that was ever held there was Bernard Christensen and, who else, Frank Olsen, Virg's brother 1 can't remember who else 1 don't know what they do to organize a church, but that's when they had the first church, because there was no church there at all.6
 LUCILLE OLSENEMá They held that in that amusement hall, or that Gun Club?Is that where they held it, or was it in the school?LO When we organized the church they used to have it in people's homes, and they did it after a while, but that little church they built there was real new They builtthat during the time they built the tippleEM Now, that's the L D S Church?LO Yes it wasCM Now, did they build the community church at the sametime?LO Well, the community church was over on the corner andthat was built afterwardsCM About how long after, do you know?LO Well, you can get the date on that, 1 imagine, fromanybody around up there when that was built, that community church It was there for any denomination that wanted to come and hold services there, you know what I meanEM When you moved from Blackhawk up to Hiawatha, did you move right up there by the house you lived in when 1 lived up there?LO Heavens no, (laughs) I should say not 1 lived in a lot of different houses, and they used to be over in West Hiawatha Guess you know where that is, up on the big knob flat We lived up there, that's where Jerry was7
 LUCILLE OLSEN bornEM Was he born in Hiawatha, in the home?LO (She must have made some sort of body motion as ananswer)EM What about Joanne?LO Yes, she was born four years later, but we had moved offthe knob We lived down there just back of the store See, we moved in there when Mr Brady, Mr Brady was a head carpenter and him and Sam Fedel got into a squabble over water Sam Fedel shut the water off and Mr Brady died from a heart attack, then we moved into Mr Brady's house That's where we were when Joanne was bornEM When they turned the water off, do you mean the house or the town?LO To the garden, not the house He was watering his garden and his family was on water turns, and 1 guess Sam had orders to shut it off, you see He did shut it off, and Mr Brady dropped dead out there in the yard It is true, it happenedEM Do you remember about what year it was, then, that you moved into that house? How old was Jerry then, do youremember?LO Oh, he was just Well, him and Joanne was both likemaybe 13 or 14 years oldCM So you lived in Hiawatha for8
 LUCILLE OLSENLO We lived in West Hiawatha, up on the knob, but Virg stillworked in the mine down by the tipple, see The West Hiawatha mine also belonged to the same company, l think, but we didn't work up there He always worked in the mineEM What kind of work did he do in the mine?LO Well, he did everything, yes he didEM Just started out as kind of general labor and thenLO Yes he did He was a rope rider for a long time Do youknow what that is? I think at the time that Tom Jackson was there Well, when we were still in Mohrland they brought the loaders in Do you remember? They were called long, or something, loadersEM Were they called shuttle buggies?LO Yes, and they sent a man Let's see, what was his name?They sent him from, l think, Pennsylvania He was an expert with these loader things, and he brought the machine there Then, he took Virg and he trained him to operate it, you know Yes, Virg done it and he loaded coal by hand tooCM Well, when you first got married, you didn't live with your family anymore, so where did you and Virg live?LO Oh no We lived in the first house above, as you go up the road from the school house That first house next door to Beveridge Wait a minute, what was his name?9
 LUCILLE OLSENEling Beveridge, 1 think, was the old man's nameEM That wasn't Verna Beveridge's grandfather?LO A relation to herEM Just a relative to her? Would that be on the left handside of the road going up?LO Yes, on the left hand side There is a row of housesright up there Do you remember, they built that, what they called, where Amy and Cliff Simmons lived? What did they call that?EM The teacher's cottage?LO Well, the first row of houses right above that There isone row, well, there are two rows or three right up there The first row is the one we lived on, on the end, right by that road Exactly by the roadEM Shef Gordon lived there later on, 1 think In that area CM No, she is talking about straight up the hill as you aregoing toward Mike's houseLO Shef and Roxie lived up there over, 1 think, straight upthe road from where 1 livedCM They lived right in back of the teacher's dorm, rightnext to the tram, and then Anderson's lived next to themThen they moved over, you knowEM Silk Stocking RowLO Yes, that's what they called itCM They lived in three different houses there So, when you10
 LUCILLE OLSENfirst got married, you lived there How much did he make a month?Oh my goodness, we never made much money at all I think at the time, Virg was retired They retired Virg in 1958 or 1959, 1 can't remember which it was I think it was 1959 Virg to work all day at this business, what he was doing He was a face boss, you see, so 1 didn't get a dime help from the Union.But you get a pension?No, Virg got a pension from the company until he died The women doesn't get the man's pension at all, you know But you get Social Security?I get Social Security, full Social Security, and 1 get Black Lung because that's what he died from They couldn't deny thatBut when you first got married there and he startedLOCM LOCM LOCMLOáworking, do you remember how much he got paid a month? It was different, because you didn't work a full month in the coal mines, you worked so many days Hiawatha wouldwork one month, Mohrland would work one month Hiawatha would shut down for a month and vice versa You worked two separate pay days, 1 mean you were paid, you had to pay your house rent and your coal We never did pay lights, we never did That's good, that's the only break I ever had in my life But anyway, no, it wasn't such11
 LUCILLE OLSENeasy sledding No it wasn'tCM But you could charge anything at the store?LO That is something my husband would not do We lived onwhat we made, and if we didn't have it, we didn't buy it Now, to buy a car or an automobile, or a refrigerator or something like that, a range, he would make the payments on something like that He did not look to that He was not a We never had anything, but we never went into debtCM Well, it seems like you had as much as anybody else What was your first car? What kind of car?LO A little Model T Ford It shifted the daylights out of you We drove it up to Virg fished all the time, you know, and we drove it up to Ferron Mountain and all over Emery County They are not paved roads, either It just shook the daylights right out of you It wasn't closed, you know You had curtains, you know If it stormed, you pinned these curtains on with little snaps They never did stay, and you half froze to deathEM The fun old days, huh?CM Do you know how much the car cost you?LO I can't remember, but 1 think .the first one we bought waslike $750 00EM So you bought i t newLO Yes 1 think a Ford is all we ever had for I think we12
 LUCILLE OLSENhad one, what was the name? The last car Virg got to like Kraync sold themEM Would it be a Nash?LO l think a Nash We had two of those, but they were more,of courseCM Then, when you would move into a house Did it have acoal stove in it already?LO Oh no, you took your own stove No heat, no any kind ofanything Most of the houses then were just straight four room They never had a closet, cupboard or nothing You built it or you didn't have it I don't know if you know what a kitchen cabinet is?CM Yes, where the drawers pull out?LO You pull the top out and roll your dough on it I tellyou, I am old (94 years)CM That's why we are recording thisEM How old are you now?LO Iam94I'llbe95inJanuaryEM In January, what day?LO The 21stEM We will come and visitLO Well, you just rememberEM Did you attend any of the ball games?LO Oh, you bet, yes Virg, Jerry and Joanne all lovedbaseball , yes13
 LUCILLE OLSENCM How did Virg play baseball with that, what did he play? LO Jerry?CM No, VirgLO Oh, Virg didn't play baseball, Jerry did He was firstbaseman. You remember that year they had such a good ballteam?CM I remember. Then old Mike Orfanakis got hurt He was areally good playerEM When you moved from what was then Blackhawk, to Hiawatha,what did they do with those homes, just bulldoze them? LO Those old homes below the tracks?EM YesLO Well, those are the ones they moved up, see Do youremember around there in that area where the Post Office was, where Parmley's lived, Joe Parmley? Well, all those houses were below the tracks They moved them up there with big movers and remodeled some of them, built on to some of them, and finished the inside, made closets and cupboards and everything Even that house 1 lived in that I'm telling you Mr Brady moved out of, that was an old houseEM Now, the Guymon store that was down there, was that the old? Did they build that, later I guess?LO I can't remember Guymon being there, but there was a store down there It was run by an Italian man by the14
 LUCILLE OLSENname of Sam Scelza(?)EM And that was the one that was next to Miller's Club?LO I think soEM Then, do you remember the bakery up by theLO Up the canyon, up the canyon Yes, 1 could remember thebakery.EM Were you married at that time when it was functioning? LO Gee, I can't remember It was so long ago No, 1 don'tthink so I don't knowEM But, Jerry and Joanne both went to that red brick schoolhouse?LO Oh yes, yes See, 1 didn't have any children for twelveyears Then, we just had the two 1 thought the world dumped them, my two It didn't treat them very kindly, I'll tell youCM I think Jerry had a good lifeLO He had a happy life, because he was a happy personCM And then he just got sick, didn't he?LO Yes, it was tragicEM It really was You know, when 1 first moved there, it wasin October of 1945 and Jerry was the one person that stood out among all the other kids in that classroom in the 9th gradeLO Because he didn't like to go to school He hated itEM That may be so, because you know, like you said, he was15
 LUCILLE OLSENfun loving and everything We just really had a lot of fun at recess and at P E It was just a lot of fun 1 always had just looked up to himYou know, down there to that Hiawatha Days, we saw all those people that were kids in my back kitchen eating sandwiches and playing the piano and everything, to see how they look now, it nearly scared me to deathWe looked that bad?I never in my life saw such a change in anybody as thereLOCM LOEM LO EMwas in Mike Kolovich. My good Lord He would you wouldn't have known him anyplace Another one that changed drastically was Sylvia Bingham Of course, she was not a kid, but as far as changing, oh my gracious And Evelyn Petty, Evelyn Petty used to be this big aroundJust a little thin thingA bean stalk, and now look at herYou know, I was at Amy Simmons' funeral and I wasstanding right next to Mike and Cliff Simmons and some of the others I asked Cliff if he had seen Mike Kolovich around, 1 would sure like to see him, and he was standing right next to me 1 didn't rec.ognize him 1 know what you meanWhen you lived at Blackhawk, did they have a boarding house down there?CM16
 LUCILLE OLSENLO Yes, they didCM Do you know who ran it?LO No, I don't It wasn't there very long Then, of course,they built the hotel Then, as you know Myrtle Garber's mother ran that Did you know that? My husband lived there, with them, because we weren't married then, and helived there with them in that houseCM What was her name, her last name, Myrtle Garber's mother? LO Clark I don't know what her first name was, but her namewas ClarkCM 1 didn't know thatEM How long did they run that hotel, do you remember?LO Oh, 1 would imagine, 10 yearsCM And who did it after them? Who did it after Mrs Clark? EM Was it the Gates then?LO No I can't remember who took it after Mrs Clark Shewas a little, old tiny lady with a bun in her hair, and Myrtle went to high school in Price She never worked in the kitchen or anything in this hotel, see, and her mother was a widow They had one boyCM There had to be someone in between there 1 remember when 1 moved they moved there There's got to be somebody in between that ran the hotelLO What was that little Gates' girl's name? EM Betty , Betty Gates17
 LUCILLE OLSENCM She was about Eldon's ageEM She was a year olderLO That little smart brat.EM Well, her mother did spoil her, spoil her a lotLO Well, so was Myrtle Garber spoiled, I'll tell youEM Too much loveCM We thought it was strange when Myrtle and Dan marriedbecause he was so much shorter than she wasLO Not a bit alike, no way See, he came with that business of bringing all those people in there to work on that tipple That was what Dan Garber worked up there with hiseducation and everythingCM Do you know where he went to school?LO 1 have no idea Of course, he came from West Virginia CM Yes, we don't know too much about themLO I can't remember who or what it was that was in thathotelCM Okay, was there a preferred residential area in thistown?LO What do you mean, honey?CM Was there a place where people wanted to live more thanother places?LO Well, you know, they always called them rows, in therewhere your mother and dad were, they always called them silk stocking rows 1 don't know why Everybody was just18
 LUCILLE OLSENthe same as they always was, only just lived there 1 think they think that was I don't know It's so sillyCM When you were first there, living in Blackhawk, were there any homes that the miners themselves built, or dugouts or things like that?LO Dugout? You mean in the ground?CM Well, in the side of a hill or something?LO No And another thing about Hiawatha, there never was aNegro family that lived there I don't know whether youknow that or not Mohrland had NegroesEM How many Japanese families lived there, do you know?LOá Oh, lots of "Japs" Yes, lots of Japanese They sure did EM Do you remember much about the accidents in the mines andthe whistle blowing, or the siren, etc ? What was itlike? Do you remember that at all?LO Well, you know, when you live in a coal mine and you seethat little cart down to the doctor's office, you are always scared to death Now, they never had an explosion in Hiawatha that I know of I don't know if you've ever heard of one or not I don't think any of them did Now, I don't think there is very many mine accidents like there used to beCM Was there a method of assigning the houses there? Was there some reason you lived in a certain house?EM How did you get your house? Were you put on a waiting19
 LUCILLE OLSENlist or something like that?LO Well, if you had been there quite a while, seniority, is that what they called it? Yes, I think they did do that I think that's why we got the house where Brady was, because we had been there all through our married life, not that we were so outstanding or anythingCM When did they build the cottage, the Official Cottage? LO Oh, at the same time that they built the tipple Then they moved the Superintendent in there, and his name wasHoward, James Howard All big people. They had two boys, two daughters, two sons and a man and a wife They were real big, real good looking people They had the two daughters, Jane and Ann Howard, and immediately when they graduated from the eighth grade they shipped them off down to Price and found them a dormitory to live in You see, 1 couldn't do that because I didn't have the money 1 always kind of envied themCM I'm kind of asking these questions that they have here, but tell me when you get tired Did you like drama, theater or music?LO Oh, noCM Just went to church?LO No, nothing like thatCM Did you ever have wrestling matches or anything? LO No20
 LUCILLE OLSENCM Did you ever go sleigh riding there?LO You betCM Which hill did you use? What was it like?LO Well, 1 had a friend that drove horses. Well, maybe youknow Parley Anderson? He had driven the horses and he delivered coal and stuff like that He had the privilege of having this team of horses and they had a nice sled, a big sled with two runners here and two runners back here Maybe you and Carole have never seen a thing like that, but it had a nice bed, a nice big bed like a wagon. They put seats along there, boxes and different things, and put blankets on that All the young people would pile in this sled and he drove the horses, and we'd go tearing down the road That was fun, and it was beautiful The snow went clear up to your neck, you knowCM Did you use just little sleighs and sleigh ride down the hills?LO Oh yes, and we would sleigh ride All the men would buy a little sled and then they would take it to work on the trip and then they would come home on this sled They could almost slide right down to your doorstep on these small sleighs, you know All these couples that lived around there, like me and Virg, and my brother-in-law and sister-in-law, George Olsen and the Wilcoxes which wound up over in East Carbon, Wilcoxes did, and then we would21
 LUCILLE OLSENhave sleigh riding parties on weekends and Saturdays We'd go to one home and make a big kettle of chili or spaghetti or something and sing songs, you know, just that kind of business It was nice It was a good way of life Other than making a living and accidents, it wasn't full of stress like the world is today That's trueEM What was the Wilcoxes first name?LO What was his first name? BertEM And your brother-in-law was who?LO George Olsen, George and Sylvia Olsen CM And then Gladone came?LO Gladone is much younger He was Virg's youngest brother, but he was just a kid then, and he didn't live up there anywayCM But he did live up there for a while What did you do for Christmas?LO. Oh, we had the times at Christmas, we sure didCM What did you do?LO Well, we usually had a Christmas party We didn't justgive individual gifts, you know, I mean give each one a gift We would have this in that Gun Club, and the men, somehow, would go out and get these long planks and put them on saw horses and make tables Of course, the girls would come along and put tablecloths on them and make them pretty and decorate them We had big Thanksgiving22
 LUCILLE OLSENand Christmas dinners there and sing During the Christmas Holidays they always had dances tooCM Did the company give out candy and things at that time? LO When we first went to Hiawatha, the company was very generous They gave each family a turkey, and we boughteach member of each family a gift I remember one year, right after we went there, l had a brother younger than me, and they gave me a locket What's that, jewelry theIndians make? EM TurquoiseLO Yes, a turquoise locket, and they gave my brother a nice pair of skates and a sweater and the turkeyCM And you got gifts every year for a while?LO Yes, quite a few years Then they decided, they got tightand didn't do nothingCM What were some of the other gifts you got?LO: Well, let's see, l can't exactly remember They nevergave you a gift at other holidays, you know what l meanAt holiday time they wouldn't give us a giftEM Do you remember getting tick shots and flu shots and things like that? Where the kids would line up and go inand get vaccinations?LO Not at the first part of my years there That onlyoccurred after we lived over there in back of the store, like 1957 or something like that23
 LUCILLE OLSENEM Do you remember, was that sponsored by the company or thecounty? Do you know for sure? I don't remember to tellyou the truthLO I don't either We always thought it was the company I'mnot sureEM Yes, that's what I thoughtCM It wasn't the company, it was the welfare and they paida dollar Everybody that paid a dollar wasn't it that?The shows, the candyEM They took it out of your paycheckCM Each man paid twelve dollars a year, and out of thistwelve dollars came all thisLO But you know, in those times you didn't have flu shots EM That's rightLO They had typhoid shots and all that other stuffCM Well, what social groups were there in the camp?LO Social? Well, to tell you the truth, there were a lot oflittle cliques, you know Three or four ladies here and three or four ladies there Nothing until the church got organized and then of course, they had Relief Society and stuff like that When l come to think about it, I think that everybody seemed to like everybody else and they mingled together There were no bad or hard feelings, no social status like there was those last years l was up there24
 LUCILLE OLSENCM There were social status'? At what time did that start? LO It all seems to me like it got kind of bad along 1950 EM About the war years What do you remember about the waryears, when the war started and when it ended? Do youhave any special memories of that?LO Well, of course, that was a fast thing When Jerrygraduated, he graduated in May, and then he went all summer Then, he had to go to the service the next holiday time He left on the day after New Years, I think. (She is talking about Korea here, but then went into WWli ) They used to meet in the amusement hall, the women Your mom and me and everybody, we rolled bandages and made care packages and sewed pajamas, you know My mother knit stockings with a needle She got a bond, a one hundred dollar bond A certificate for knitting themost stockings in Carbon CountyCM In the whole county?LO Emery County, l mean Carbon CountyCM Well that's greatLO Yes it was She used to knit at nightEM Do you remember the day that the war started, December 7,1941? Do you remember that particularly? LO YesEM How did you hear about it, and what were your feelings? LO Everybody was feeling really sad about it Of course, as25
 LUCILLE OLSENyou know there were no televisions, it was radio, and it come on the radio You keep up with the news like thatCM Did you help in any way to get the dough boy statue up there?LO Well, I think Joanne did, but I didn'tCM You didn't help sell war bonds or any of that?LO No, 1 sold Red Cross I sold Red CrossCM My mother tells me about Mrs Hampshire and them singingin order to get people to buy war bonds Weren't you inon that?LO 1 can remember, they used to have a big platform there bythe store 1 guess you know about that, you know what that was It was where the material house was A great big platform The day peace was declared was the 11th of January wasn't it?EM No, it would have been August of 1945 LO NoEM Are you talking about World War II? LO World War I, I guessEM World War One would be in 1919 If you're right, it would be in January, 1 thinkLO It was October or something, the 11th of October There was a flu epidemic up there, a bad flu I don't know if you know anything about that or notEM I just heard a little bit about that 26
 LUCILLE OLSENLO Oh, it was a bugger, I tell you They turned theamusement hall into a hospital They shipped nurses up from Price, Salt Lake and any place that had extra nurses They died like flies The plumber died, who was Bill Saxon, he died A number of them died They wouldn't let us have a dance or anything in the amusement hall But we, the young people, me and Virg and our friends went to this dance on that platform, in your coat and in your mittens, freezing to death Isn't that crazy?EM What do you remember about the siren on the tipple, when it would ring or when it would go on? I shouldn't say ring, but when they turned it on? Did they do that when the war was over, the second world war was over? The tipple would have been built by thenLOá Yes, I think they didCM Did it make you worry about your husband in the mine? LO Well, I always worried about that Yes, I should say thatmany times I would sneak over to the hospital and look through Doctor Merrill's window to see if I could see who they brought down from the mine, you bet As luck would have it, among the good things that happened to Virg, he never was hurt in the mine, he. never was He was careful That's where him and Tom Jackson didn't hitchCM What were their differences, do you remember, Tom and Vi rgil?27
 LUCILLE OLSENLOEM LOWell, do you remember the night that, what was his name? He got killedLangford?Langford and Merrill Berenson got hurt real bad Tom tried sending Virg into that place to work it and Virg told him, "No, I'm not taking a crew in there with a top like that " So, he sent Langford, and Langford went Now, Tom didn't like Virg, that's sure You know how it was, he just didn't Virg was a person that did his work. I think he was a good worker, 1 don't think he was lazy at all It wound up that we didn't get anything from the union, not a dimeI can't understand that We will have to look into that Now, you see, 1 should be getting something from the union I should be getting one hundred dollars plus my medical card, but I'm managingCM LOCM. Well, as long as you are managing How did married men spend their free time? Was it at the pool hall? Themarried men, how did they spend their free time?LO W ell, a lo t of them played cards (laughs)CM. Where, at the pool hall?LO At the pool hallCM Did they ever play at your house?LO Oh, no No, they never played in our homesEM Did you ever take advantage of the bowling alley28
 LUCILLE OLSEN yourself?LOá Yes, we bowled once a week For a while, it was just husband and wife and a lot of couples, and we would go and bowlEM I believe they had two lanes didn't they? LO 1 think they had only oneCM No, they had twoLO Did they?CM Yes You know John Gentry was the manager for a while, and Shirley and I would go in So, I know they had two lanes What was expected of the children as they were growing up?LO Well, we expected them to grow up decent and mind us, but they didn't always do thatCM I mean what chores did they have?LO Well, you know, you just kind of take care of your kidsthe best way you can After a kid reaches the age ofabout 17, you don't do anything with themCM Well, what kind of work were they required to do, theirchores? Did they have to empty the ashes?LO Well, my kids always helped me in the house a little bitThen, of course, Jerry was        good that way In the summer time, he always got a job somewhere For instance, one year he worked for Jim Reece Jim Reece had some cabins up in the canyon, up that one canyon, I don't know29
 LUCILLE OLSEN which canyonCM LOCMLOUp on Gentry Mountain?Yes, and Bert and Jerry worked up there for him Yes Jerry did work in different places like that He never made nothingOkay, the next question is, what ethnic groups lived in the town? What different nationalities?Different nationalities? Well, I think they were, like Greek and American and lots of Japanese They all stayed in a group up at "Jap Town " No Negroes, no Indians, you know, pretty much American people are just a bunch of nationalities, most of themDo you remember any of the nationalities being discriminated against?No, I don't think they wereNo, I don't think so either, but some people say they were I don't think they were1 don't think so You know that old Negro man that lived over in Mohrland, the kids all loved him He was a great big tall Negro1 remember him I thought he was a janitor at the school Well, he might have been at one time, 1 don't know Notin Hiawatha, thoughOn Christmas, where did you get your Christmas trees, and how?CMLO CMLOCM LOEM30
 LUCILLE OLSENLO Oh, you could just go up the canyon and get yourself abeautiful tree You never had to sign anything and pay for it or anything You were asked not to cut down more than one, which Clee Gordon's wife always did Maureen She didn't like to cut If one didn't suit her, she wanted anotherCM Maureen How about that?LO How are they doing?CM Well, Clee has arthritis in his legs, but Maureen doesreal good She's real thin She always was real thin, butshe's thinner nowLO I don't know how she could be any thinnerCM She looks thinner to me He does good, but he can't walkvery well You know, he always did have rheumatism, formany yearsLO One of his knees he had operated on It didn't do toowellEM Did any of your kids go to the hospital there in Hiawathafor their tonsils or anything like that?LO Oh, yes I had Joanne's tonsils taken out up thereEM By whom?LO Doctor Sorenson, over at          Yes, he didEM Did either of them have appendicitis, their appendix out? LO No, we never had that I don't think Jerry ever had histonsils out, but she did 31
 LUCILLE OLSENCM What did you think of the education system there atHiawatha, for your children?LO Well, l thought the school they went to was good Theyseemed to do all right I think all the kids did I thinkit was pretty goodEM Do you remember the band that they had there?LO Yes, I doCM Was Jerry in the band?LO No, but I'll tell you what, I sewed, I didn't make them,but l remodeled seven band uniforms on the sewingmachineCM Did you sew a lot of your children's clothes?LO Oh yes Not Jerry's of course Yes, I did too, I made thelittle shirts and stuff for him I think l worked a lotWell, on the uniforms either you or your sister woreCM It must have been Leigh, because they didn't have the band when I was there Hal Johnson's dad, what was his name? Anyway, he had gone, and they couldn't get a band person there because of the war, remember? So, we didn'thave a bandLO Must have been Leigh thenCM So, do you mean when my children went there? Well, Idon't know Myrtle Garber was a good teacher Russell Williams was from Price My kids did good under Russell He was a little different, but he was a pretty good32
 LUCILLE OLSEN teacherCM What about Mr Dahlsrud?LO Well, he was a good teacher too He was a very goodinstructorCM What about Mrs Hampshire?LO Well, I thought Mrs. Hampshire was a real fine teacherA lot of people didn't like her She gave an awful lot of time to the communityCM Yes she did She wrote a lot of songs and did a lot of goodLO 1 felt sorry for her when she lost her husband She was devastatedCM Yes She was such a big lady, and had such a little husband and all She really depended on him a great dealLO They really were happy together They really wereCM They were What were the goals of your children? Did theywant to go to college or just finish high school?LO Joanne wanted to go into the Air Force, but she was too tall They won't take you when you are past a certain height She was too tall and they wouldn't have her, soshe decided she would get married Jerry, 1 don't know I think if Jerry would have liYed, he would probably have stayed and made a career of that Army stuff 1 don'tknow He did real well Surprisingly, because he didn't like to go to school at all He hated it33
 LUCILLE OLSENCM Did you ever go to the store and get company script?LO No, we never didCM Did they ever try to force you to use the company store? LO No, not really They never forced you to trade thereunless you wanted to We bought things at the Company store all the time, but we paid for them, you know Just like we do when we go to Smith's or somethingEM Other than Christmas, what was your favorite holiday? [END OF T APE]34