 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEY CLEAR CREEK, UTAHAn Interview ByMadge Tomsic and Alene KirkwoodCarbon County Oral History Project No. 2July 10, 1993American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 TABLE OF CONTENTSF AMIL Y BACKGROUND .GROWING UP I N CLEAR CREEKHER MOTHER'S BOARDING HOUSE DUES MINERS WOULD HA VE TO P A YWH A T T Y P E S O F OCCASIONS THEYS O C I A L CLUBSBAND CONTESTS SCHOOL EXPERIENCES FLU EPIDEMIC18 11 13 15 24 24 25 26 28 33 38 42 45 47 4849 50 51 53 54 555 7 - 5 9S T R I K E S AND THE UNITED MINEWORKERS.CLEAR . ..CREEK. ..F O O D S T H E Y A T E CELEBRA TEDI N P R I C EHER MOTHERFINNISH DISHES HER MOTHER COOKEDTHE ROLE OF RELIGION IN HER FAMILY AND COMMUNITY FEELINGS AMONG ETHNIC GROUPSWHY AND WHEN PEOPLE ST ARTED TO LEA VEWHAT SHE REMEMBERS OF HER FATHER AND BROTHER WORKING IN THE MINE . . . . . . .WHAT WORK FINNISH MEN AND WOMEN USUALLY DID LIVING IN CLEAR CREEKHER SON .THE FINN HALL AND OTHER BUILDINGSWEAVING . . . HOMEMADE MEDICA TIONS
 WE A R E I N C L E A R C R E E K , U T A H A N D A R E I N T E R V I E W I N G L I L L I E ERKKILA WOOLSEY. THIS WAS ARRANGED BY NORMA HATCH, HER NIECE. THE INTERVIEWERS ARE MADGE TOMSIC AND ALENE KlRKWOOD. [THE DATE IS JULY 10, 1993]MT: Lillie, give me your entire name, your maiden name and your present name.LW: In Finn or in English? MT: Both, that's greatLW: L illie Erkkila Woolsey . MT: Where were you born?LW: I was born here in Clear Creek in the Finn boarding house that we had here in 1920. My mother was the manager and cook and took care of the place.MT: When you were born was your mother the manager? LW: YesMT: And where was your father working?LW: In the coal mine up here in Clear Creek.MT: Now, tell me something about your parents before we get on with your life. Did they come over here from Finland?LW: YesMT: Can you tell us something about that?LW: My dad came from Finland and 1 don't know if he stoppedin Wyoming first or not, but he came here in 1899. That's when his passport shows that he came to the United States. And he came through New York. 1 think he just barely stopped at Wyoming and then came up here and 1 have no knowledge of what he did in Wyoming. But he was almost 9 years old. He and another Finn man by the name
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYof Hurskaninen (insert: father of Sadie Rizzuto, Elementary School Supervisor, Carbon District) came with two elderly men to open the mine up here. There was no houses at the time. There was a saw mill up the canyon, and there wasn't any houses so they lived in tents with the wood frames built around them.MT: So they came all the way up to Clear Creek?LW: Yes. They came to Clear Creek and I'd say almost after he come from Finland. I'm sure it was 1899 and 1 think it was Utah Fuel that finally opened the mine and he worked for them. He came from Finland and 1 think he was almost 19. My mother came when she was 17 to 18 and I'm not sure of hers, but 1 have dad's passport. 1 know his age fromhis passport.MT: Now, did they come at the same time?LW: No, they didn't. They didn't know each other. My mothercame through Canada and went to here sisters, who ran a boarding house in Carbon or Carbonville, I've heard it both ways, 1 don't know, Wyoming. And so this sister, evidently, was the one that sponsored mother to come over. Mother was just a young girl and didn't know the language. And she was alone. She had one brother left in Finland and an elderly uncle that was taking care of them and he couldn't really manage the two because he was handicapped with a leg injury and things. And so mother2
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYleft and came to Carbonville, 1 think they called it. And her sister taught her how to cook and do things like that, and sew and she became a very excellent seamstress and cook and 1 don't think there was very many that could surpass her in what she did. And so she was in Carbonville for a while and then she came up here. And so they met here and were married here I think probably in Price because 1 don't think it would have been right up here in Clear Creek, but they were married and they had 12 children and one stillborn together. My dad worked in the mines. He was very good at it. And he played in this band that they have here, the Mountain Echo Band. (And this picture was taken in 1905.) He had a good education because he worked geometry problems for me that my teacher couldn't work. And my father helped me, so their schools must have been superior.MT: So he got his education in Finland?LW: Yes, and he studied and got the English languageperfected. Then he took his citizenship papers out. Mother, they both did as soon as they could possibly. And my dad took fire boss and foreman training. And he was fire boss for twelve years alone in the mine up here. And he also took rescue crew training in Hiawatha, and so he was one of the lead men in the rescue crew at Castle Gate and one other explosion. But 1 don't know where that was,3
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYwhether it was at Castle Gate or where it was. It wasn't Winter Quarters, because at that time he would have been a little bit too young to have the training. Because that was 1900 and he was just getting here.MT: Do you know the town or the area they came from in Finland?LW: Yes, my dad came from 150 KYRO and my mother came from VASSAN-LANNl KANNUS and they are both in VASSAN-LANNl. It was far enough apart and they didn't know each other. My dad came from a fairly wealthy family, and my mother had a less fortunate early childhood.MT: So why did your father come over here?LW: I think just everybody saying lets go, that you go toAmerica to see the fabulous things that are here and the work and everything. 1 know he wouldn't have had to come, but it was just the urge to get out on your own and do something. And my mother came because, 1ike I said, necessity.MT: Was this area that he lived in a coal mining area in Finland?LW: MT: LW:No, 1 don't think so.I'm not sure they have coal mining in Finland.I'm not either. 1 don't know where he learned his mining other than experience. Because he was very good at anypart of it. But, no, they had a farm, and 1 think, 4
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYpossibly, a very large dairy farm because they had all modern equipment. l have that picture, but l don't know where it is. My father's house was quite large. And they mentioned the dairy section that it had sanitary conditions, and the water, and l think milkers and things. So they had to be fairly well to do. It was a large family. My father's father was married twice. And there is seven or eight children on both sides. l have all of that data.MT: So have you made any contact with these people back in Finland?LW: I haven't myself, but my sister, Bertha, has written to them. Now, the elder brothers are all deceased. I've got a picture of them too. They were still alive just a few years ago. But they have passed away, the three brothers that were left over there. And some of their family has gone. But my brother, John, went on a trip to Finland l guess two summers before he died. And he got there and was able to talk to them on the phone. But they couldn't come out to Helsinki where he could see them so he didn't get to see them because the one cousin was ill and in the hospital: and so, we have pictures. Bertha has written to them through the years, and has the pictures. Some of the pictures that I have l don't think are here, but in with my genealogy stuff, Bertha has got them from Finland.5
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYMT: So, did your father work his entire life here in CarbonCounty?LW: Yes. We lived in Hiawatha and Mohrland about two years,when 1 must have been four or five years old at the time. But, every one of the children were born here in Clear Creek.MT: And there were twelve children?LW: Y es.MT: You were born here in Clear Creek and have you lived hereyour entire life?LW: Well, 1 lived here until I got married. 1 was twenty-twowhen 1 got married. And we still lived here for a few years after that, and in Scofield. And we were in California for twenty years and then came back up here to Clear Creek because everybody wanted to come home.MT: So how long have you been back in Clear Creek since you were in California?LW: Just about 20 years.MT: Let's go back to your parents. What was that story aboutyour mother getting on the ship?LW: Oh, yes. When my mother was coming over, she didn't knowhow to speak any English at all. And so one of those in charge of getting the foreigners onto the ship had her in the station there and showed her the clock and told her that he would come back for her at this certain time and6
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYput her on the ship. He gave her an orange, and she had never seen an orange, although she was 16 or 17 years old. But she ate that orange with peeling and all because she didn't know about peeling the orange. She said she enjoyed it even though it was bitter. But that was her first time of ever seeing an orange which is so common to us now. But she got here okay, and she learned the language, but she was very timid about speaking it. She would rely on any of us, although we spoke Finn in the home most of the time.MT: Did all of the children learn to speak Finnish?LW: Yes, we all speak Finn. In fact, my oldest sister andbrother, when they went to school here in Clear Creek, they didn't know English, only a few broken words, and so they got a lot of teasing and rebelling that they weren't going to go to school. But mother would walk them down to the school house with a little broom stick, because education to the Finnish people was something that everybody had to have. And so, they learned that way and the rest of us learned from just contact with other children and at school.MT: Now tell me out this relative who was murdered.LW: My mother's father came from Finland too. He was a very good carpenter and cabinet maker. And he came from back East someplace, 1 don't know yet whether it was7
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYMinnesota, Michigan, or one of those eastern states. But wherever he came and worked in the timber and made cabinets.Now this is your mother's father we are talking about? Yes, my mother's father came and the children and their mother, who was about 40 years old, were left in Finland. There were several children, but two of them had come to America, my mothers two sisters and my mother and her little brother stayed with their mother. My mother corresponded with her father through all the while that he was here. He wrote and told her that he had enough money to come and get his wife and children. But his letters stopped coming then. Nobody know what actually happened. So my mother's mother died of a broken heart. She was young and left alone and didn't know what to do, and she just gave up, I guess. And so, that left mother and her little brother with this uncle. And years later, since there was no mail, no letters, and she was too young to have kept an envelope with an address on it. So she didn't know exactly where in the states her father was. All she knew it was United States of America. So, several years later, when the money didn't come for them to travel to America it was rumored that someone had killed him. 1 tried to trace cemetery records in different states, but I haven't found anything on that.8MT: LW:
 L I L L I E ERKKILA WOOLSEYMT: So you have no idea where he is buried?LW: No, I still don't know whether it was true or whether hewas remarried and had another family and had his own life. 1 don't know, but his last letter said he was coming for them. And that is the last that we knew on that.MT: Tell us something about your life as a child here in Clear Creek .LW: Well, 1 think this was a happy place to grow up. My life has been happy all the time. 1 was healthy, and 1 took part in lots of things. We had to make our own recreation here, but the town was such that everybody took part and did things together. We had roller skating and ice skating, and hot dog and wiener roasts. We had a lot of dances here . 1 love to dance.MT: Where would you have the dance?LW: Well, we had the Finn Hall up the canyon, which 1 thinkis something that you'll hear more about from me. And we had the LOOF Lodge Hall here right next to the school house. And they had a lot of dances in both places. In fact, as 1 was growing up 1 went to lots of dances. The Finns were family oriented people and so most of their socials and dances included the families. They all had large families. And so we would go to the dances with our parents . My father taught me a lot of dancing . He loved9
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYto dance and he would dance with his children. We had dances and socials, coffee socials and other things.MT: Now when you had dances in the Finn Hall would that include everyone in the camp? Would everyone come or would it just be the Finnish people?In the early years, it was most the Finns because there was so many of them. In fact, in 1908 the population here was about 450 and in 1910 to 1920 there was between 500 and 600 people here. Most of them were Finnish. And so, the houses, I'd say there was about 50 houses here. Youwouldn't believe it now because those around the turn are gone. These on the hillside, both hillsides are gone. And the big boarding houses are gone. But most of the houses had two families in. And so, there was a lot of Finns at these gatherings. Later years, the Finn Hall was used for movies and for everybody. And Walter's Stage Show came up, W. C. Fields came there and Uncle Bert. They used to come and put on their performances up at the Finn Hall. There were wrestling matches. Ira Dern, a kind of well known wrestler was wrestling up there. There was one man here they called him Iso Einar (Iso Einor meant Big Einar). He was large, and his name was Einar. He was in the wrestling matches and a few of the others took part. And then later even the young school boys did. So the Finn Hall was used for that. It was quite a place for10LW:
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYentertainment. As the mine died down a little and the Finns moved, a lot of them back east and other states. Then some of the Finns from Carbon County, from Spring Canyon and Standardville would come up and Mr. Somppi played the violin, and Mr. Williams the accordion. And Heino played the accordion. There was different socials and they would play for the dances. But for early dances, the Mountain Echo Band played up there . They played a lot of the Finn music, Scottish, polkas and waltzes. They played all of the classical music that we know today so well. All of those beautiful pieces that we think about and hear them. My dad and this band played all of that.MT: Did he learn music in Finland?LW: I think he must have just had the talent because heMT:LW:played every horn that there was. But he played a tuba in this band. But he taught my one brother to play the cornet and started my younger brother, John, to play the clarinet, although he took it in school, but dad helped him to get started.So how long did your mother run that boarding house? Did you stay there a long time?I think she must have had it for about two years after l was born. l don't know how long before, maybe close to a year. But then after two years, we moved to another house in town and my one sister was born then.11
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYMT: So she didn't take in boarders after that?LW: No, but we always had people staying with us, but shewasn't doing it for a living. It was just people that would come. We always had friends that would come. Even though there was ten of us living children. My mother and dad's people would come to town and ask for Jack Erkkila, my dad, and knew that he would get work for them you know, help them get work. And so they would stay with us until they had a place to stay. We had two Russians come and stay there. 1 think everybody was welcome. They had heard of dad and came to him.MT: Was he sort of a leader in the community?LW: No, 1 don't think they had any definite leaders. Theywere all, the Finnish people, were independent people. They did everything together. But work wise, they did depend on my dad because he was in the mining and they knew that he would help them the best that he could. It was just one of those things. And then mother was needed for her sewing. She never used a pattern. She was an expert seamstress. She made suits, western shirts; and coats and everything. She would knit and crochet and she was an extra good cook. She said her cooking come from her sister that was like a mother to her from here. But the Finnish people loved their family. And they did everything they could to have home security. In fact,12
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYthink that's what caused a lot of the Finnish young boys to stay home. There was large families and the older ones went to work and they usually pooled the money. Like at my home, they would bring their money to my mother and she would use it for whatever, or whoever needed shoes or clothes.MT: So did your brothers go into the mines to work?LW: Yes. They went in at an early age to work and they were young when they went in the mines. But everything came to Mother and whoever needed clothes or dentist or doctor or whatever she used the money for them. We did have a company doctor so that wasn't a problem in those earlyyears.MT: The companies brought in the doctor and did the minershave to pay?LW: Yes, the miners paid so much into the company, but thecompany took care of the doctor. There was a fund that the miners put in. They used some of that for their recreation. They'd have Fourth of July celebrations or Christmas or things like that. This was called the welfare fund, l think.MT: Did the miners pay that to the union or to the company? LW: They paid it to the company. The company had a store here and a hospital and a post office... but that was notcompany. But they did have a post office. 13
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYMT:LW:So do you remember whether or not the company was paying in scrip?Yes, it was always scrip. I did most of the shopping so I know that only on pay day they got cash, but if you needed anything in between you'd have to go to the mine office and get scrip and buy it from the store with the scrip. What you drew out in scrip was taken out of your next pay check.I see how that works. At the first of the month they pay what they owed you, right? Then during the month if you ran out of money and needed something then you drew scrip?Yes, I think they had two pay checks a month though. l am not quite positive of that, but in between if you needed something and if you were shopping here at the company store, then you would get the scrip and buy with that. And then on your pay check you got it deducted.But you don't ever remember the company actually compelling you to shop at the company store?No, but l think that most people had to because at that time our roads weren't good. And you had to just about get things here because it was general merchandise. They had things at reasonable prices. We had farmers, produce people that would come around and sell things too throughout that time. But the store was convenient, andMT:LW:MT:LW:14
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEY1 think for lots of people it was hard to stretch pennies too. But there was no force on anybody. You probably did buy things that you wouldn't buy when it was in easy access. I did most of the shopping for my mother. Since 1 was about six years old I went to the store every morning before school and trudged upi the canyon and up here the Finn Canyon with two big sacks of groceries.MT: Now were you one of the older children?LW: No, there were six older .. . I am kind of in the middle.But I had three sisters and two of them had dislocated hips . So mother had just kind of depended on me for doing things like going to the Post Office and to the store and different things like that. But they would do other things at home.MT: But you spoke the English language so it was easy for you to shop.LW: Yes, and I enjoyed every bit of it, you know. It was an education and it has been good. 1 learned the value of money. If I went to the store and come back short changed or with bad meat or something, I had to go back to the store .MT: Did the Finnish people do what so many of the European people did? Did they raise pigs and kill them to make sausages and smoke hams?LW: They did make a lot of head cheeses and sausages. Not as 15
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYmuch sausages, but the head cheeses. We had a lot of saltfish that they would preserve .MT: Where did they get the fish? Did they catch them atScofield?LW: Down at the lake and the streams. 1 don't remember themhaving pigs, but remember my mother making head cheese. MT: What is head cheese?LW: It is made out of the head of the pig, but it looks likethe lunch meat. I guess if you didn't know it was head cheese you would think it was regular lunch meat.My mother made blood bread, blood pudding, but she only made it for other people who wanted it. She knew how to make it, but we didn't have it.MT: Was this from pigs?LW: No, that was from any other blood, from the cows. I don'tknow whether it was pork as much as it was blood from the beef. They almost all had cows and calves. And they would have a horse and a lot of them had those. My mother used to have to milk cows for people because they were afraid of them and she wasn't. And the cow would let her milk it.MT: Did your mother prepare foods that were traditionally Finnish?LW: Lots of i t . But 1 think that the food that she made was mostly f or a large family type , like stews and soups and16
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYthe basic food, meat and potatoes type things. But she did make NlSSUA AND MEHU KElTTO, which is fruit juice and fruit.. And she made RlESKA, which is a quick bread. And she made KROPSUA, which is a kind of delicacy which you see now even. I think Norma and her family loved the KROPSUA. It's an egg custard like mixture. It isn't soft though. It has a little crust and you can roll it up like crepes and put something it is or you can eat it plain. We still make it every once in a while. It is kind of a good treat. And the fruit soup like.MT: Fruit soup?LW: Yes, It is different fruits that are cooked together witha sweetened and tiny little bit of thickening in it. A lot of people will ask you what MEHU is and that is fruit juice. And they would take that or they would take the fresh fruits and blend them together, and they would cook that. 1 was trying to think what else... LAKSLOJOA would be salmon with onions and potatoes mixed together. That was kind of tastyMT: That does sound good.LW: Yes, the potatoes were sliced real thin and maybe mixedin with onion and salt and pepper. Then the salmon, canned salmon or fresh if you had it was used. They used to make a lot of Mulligan stews and different things like that .17
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYMT: Another thing we want to know about... Did you have aFinn bath?LW: We had the sauna, yes.MT: What was it called?LW: A sauna. Here in the United States they say sauna. And itis similar but the Finn Baths are larger. There was a house up at the end of this canyon on the east side of what you call Finn Canyon. They had a large Finn bath. Many people from the town would go use it.MT: Tell us about the midsummer day celebration.LW: They always celebrated Midsummer's Day with a picnic (and a bonfire) . They always celebrated in Finland and here they always celebrated Midsummer's Day, which is the birthday of John the Baptist. In Finn it is JUHANUSKASTAJAN SYNTAMAPAIVU, that means John the Baptist's birthday. In Finland and here and even in Salt Lake to this day, they celebrate Midsummer's Day. It is a festive occasion and many put on a program and they put on their native dress and sing Finn songs and do Finn dances and have a picnic. In Finland they have a kind of shelter out of branches and leaves because all night long on Midsummer's Day it is light. It is daylight all night long. So they have this festivity under the canopy of branches and they dance and sing all night and just enjoy their picnic. It comes to an end with dancing and18
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYsinging. That's one holiday they celebrate.MT: Do they celebrate this as a religious holiday and what religion are most Finns?LW: Most Finns are Lutheran. But everyone knows John the Baptist .. . he's the one who baptized the Savior. But to them it is a special day they do keep. There is the Finn Independence Day that they acknowledge. The Finns that were here had a band, the Mountain Echo Band and they would play on the top of the platform on the top of the school house. The band would be up there and play and acknowledge the day of Independence for Finland. VAPAUS PAlVA is what they called it, the day of freedom. So they acknowledged it, that's all they did. They were loyal to the United States and they wanted their children to learn the English language and be American. Very few of them went back. I only know of a few that did leave after the Winter Quarters Explosion. l know a lady who lost her husband and six sons. Mrs. Luoma. She had a little baby boy. She took him and went back to Finland. She had nothing else here for her. They were here last summer... not her, but the boy and his wife and son. They came here with a man and his mother who lived in Colorado. Finns that had been here. They came to my home. l have this book that Norma told you about on the Winter Quarters explosion and it has pictures of the Luoma family in it.19
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYHe wanted to make a copy but 1 didn't want to let it go. For a special thing like that 1 let them take it and they had copies made and sent it back.This one family 1 did send pictures back to Finland with them. I've had other Finnish people visit but this is the only family who went back to Finland. They usually go back to Ohio, Wisconsin, Michigan, Minnesota. I guess a few in California and Colorado. A few in Salt Lake. In fact, last memorial day I wished 1 could have caught the man and lady up at the graves that they brought a flower to. It was a grave of a little baby who was buried in the lot with my two brothers and two cousins. The lady, when she left the county had told my mother she could have the rest of the plot for her needs. We always cleaned the grave, me and my husband did and then my son and 1 have cleaned it since my husband died. We always cleaned the grave and put a flower on it. But 1 missed seeing these people who came to the grave. 1 would really like to see them. I hope 1 do get to see them next year. They had to be family and know where the grave was.MT: Shall we finish on the celebrations. What other kinds of celebrations did the Finnish people have. How did they celebrate christmas?LW: They had JOULU PUKKl, that is Santa Claus. So they would have a little program up there on the meaning of20
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYChristmas. And they didn't have too many special days, but they did have Midsummer day, Independence Day and Christmas.MT: Did they celebrate in Finland with gifts?LW: As 1 understand in Finland on Christmas Eve there is a candle procession that they each have a lighted candle and wind their way up to the cemetery just to remember those that had passed on. There was a little gift sharing. Of course my parents were so young I couldn't say what it might have been had it been later years. Butthey had a little gift to remember from JOULU PUKKI. Santa Claus comes from up at Lapland according to most people. That's the edging border of Finland and they have their reindeer. 1 don't know if they put out their shoes or what. 1 remember Dad saying you get a lump of coal if you wasn't good. It's just traditions that 2 families have.MT: And did you have Christmas trees?LW: Yes, they had Christmas trees and 1 think the Finnishpeople put their tree in on Christmas Eve. We did this and we had a little get together. Santa Claus would come. Maybe we would get one gift on Christmas Eve while we were all together. On New Year's Eve my Dad would reach up and write the year on the top of the door. He would melt some lead and make a fortune out of it. We didn't21
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYbelieve in it, but it was a custom. You put it in a pan and melt the lead to different formations. It was just fun to do this with the children.MT: Now what about American celebrations. I guess everyone in the mining camps would get into the Fourth of July?LW: Yes, the Fourth of July was a big time up here. I think this came in later years after the United Mine Workers was organized. I don't think that actually when the Finn population was here but they started to have on every holiday, with the men putting in so much and the company putting up the rest. They had some of the best orchestras up here for the dances at the IOOF Hall. We had people come to our dances from all over the state. On the Fourth of July, which later changed to the 24th, my Dad would always get up before sunrise, he was the fireboss, and he'd get up before sunrise and shoot powder and caps at the outskirts of town. And that meant everyone get up and go for the flag ceremony. We'd go down to the store lawn, which was a beautiful park down here just as you enter town. Which is gone now because different bosses just got rid of it and made a parking area. But they had a nice park with a fence, trees and a flagpole. We'd go down there for the flag ceremony. Then everybody would go home and get ready and go down to the hall for the program.Almost everyone who had any talent at all would take 22
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYpart. After that they would go home and then back to the store lawn for foot races and different races. My dad was always there to coach us on. He says you don't have to win but you've got to try. Even with my older sister who said, 11 1 couldn't win anything with my legs, 11 but Dad would tell her she could try. He'd go down to the other end and encourage her. They gave a little money to everyone and more to those who won. They had sack races, three-legged races and then they would give you a treat. Then you'd go home and get ready and go back to the hall to the children's dance. 1 think 1 taught most of the children younger than 1 to dance.Then they had a ball game up this other canyon on the South end of town. Helper and other places would come up. The Helper Industrial League players would come up here and play with our town people so that we would have a game.MT: Now Lillie what year are you talking about? Is this before the '30s?LW:MT: LW:I'd say middle '20s and into the '30s and would go clear through up until the mine closed up here.What age are you during this time? When were you born? In 1920. This went on until 1 was married. They still had their celebrations and that when 1 met my husband. He came up to play ball. He was a Helper railroad man. He23
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYcame up to play ball. l was about six years younger than he, but l told the girls that that's the one l was going to marry. He didn't know it, but I did. Later years he came up here to work and to the dances... both of us loved to dance. That's how we met and got together.Then Christmas they had Santa go from house to house. Up here it was kind of a custom for everybody to visit... you'd hit most of the houses because everyone is family up here. They'd go in and have a little pastry or something or a little goody. Then they'd move on to the next house. They'd see what Christmas was for us then they'd move on to the next house. It was a fun time. I've enjoyed my life. It's been great.MT: Lillie, what does IOOF stand for?LW: It's a lodge hall, not a Finn hall. The Finn hall was theone on the east end of town. In Finland there is a lodge to study classical stuff more than anything. We didn't belong to that but my uncle did. But there were no lodges here. All they had was their community togetherness. There was no lodge here. The IOOF was the Odd Fellows lodge.MT: Was that a social lodge?LW: Up here I don't know. A lot of towns people belonged. Myfolks didn't belong to it. There was also a sisterhood. MT: Probably like the Elks.24
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYLW:MT:LW:This hall was here years after the lodge itself was gone and that was where the town had their entertainment. Lillie, did you remember the era when all the camps had bands that participated in the band contests in Price? This band in the picture was prior to that time. It was 1905. It would be from 1901 to 1905. It was all Finn at that time and in later years when a Finnish man would leave someone would fill in there.The band days 1 remember at Price. 1 loved them. I like band music anyway. We would go down to Price. In later years when my brother was going to school here in Clear Creek they had a little band here. They did compete in Price and did very well. That year our doctor had a niece staying here with him. She was very agile and acrobatic and she could cartwheel and everything. She was going to leave and the school teacher said the only one he would put in her place as drum majorette would be me.At that time 1 was hoping 1 was going to get married and 1 wasn't going to stay. 1 did stay for the band, but 1 did talk Mary Elaine (the niece) into staying long enough for the contest. They did so well and she was great. 1 could never have done what she did going down that street... doing cartwheels and everything. She was very good. But that was much later. I was in my '20s when they had that band.25
 L I L L I E ERKKILA WOOLSEYMT: Was it in the '30s or '40s when they had these bandcontests?LW: Well,1was20,soitwouldbeinthe'40s.1haveasmall picture of this little band down here in Price in my photograph album. We went to the band days all the time. But 1 remember those. It wasn't anything to do with the Finnish people or anything like that.MT: T ell us about your school experience.LW: I went to Clear Creek from second through the eighthgrade. 1 was in Mohrland and then Hiawatha. 1 went to kindergarten and 1 had teachers who were twins. 1 wish 1 could remember their names, but I'm not sure of it. I'd like to go to the school board and find out what it was. 1 was only in with one teacher for a couple of weeks then they put me in with the other in the First Grade. So 1 was in the Second Grade when we moved to Clear Creek. Those teachers still sent me those little chocolate purifying capsules they had in school and toothpaste samples and things. So I'd say was in second through eighth up here in Clear Creek.Then 1 went to Spring Glen for the Ninth Grade because we have to stay out of town. 1 think that is why a lot of them left up here was because as the children grew up the education became a problem if they wanted to go beyond the eighth grade. Up here we had the best26
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYschools you could think of. We had three grades in a room but we had the best teachers. As one class was having a lesson, someone was in charge and we were learning from both sides. And our state records went in and showed thatMT: LW:we were above average for the grade school up here. We had good schools, but we had to go out for the High School. We had to board out. I boarded in Kenilworth with a Matsa family. We were about third cousins. A lot went to the Wasatch Academy or North San Pete. The biggest part went to Wasatch though.Who ran that Wasatch Academy?It was a Presbyterian School. It was a good school and a lot of the Finn people went there. A lot of the Finns from Carbon County went over there.MT: Did all of the children in your family go on to high school?LW: No, because it was too inconvenient. The older ones didn't get to do that, but my father and mother stressed education. We were amazed at what my dad could do with what he had. Their schools in Finland must have been highly superior at that time. 1 think we have caught up to them now, but people from there were just exceptional. Outstanding in so many things ... they were good carpenters and blacksmiths and they were good at art. They were good architects. As a matter of fact, this Finn27
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYHall that was built up here was built by the Finns themselves. They had a roll down stage curtain that had a scene painted on it by a Finn artist here. It was a scene of the streets of Helsinki, Finland on it. It was a beautiful thing. I don't know what became of it when they tore down the building. People wouldn't have realized its value, but it was an oil painting done by an artist here. They were good at anything they set their minds to do.They were independent people, they were trustworthy, loyal and they were good workers. They were compassionate, shared and helped out where there was a need. During the flu epidemic in 1918 everybody helped each other. It was pretty bad. 1 have an aunt by marriage, she was just 18 years old at the time. 1 have a picture of her. She was just a young bride during the flu epidemic. She'd come over to our house and my one brother was a baby and she'd come over and hold him. She would as to take Roland home with her and Eino, my other brother would say, "Don't take him, take me." They both died of the flu, one week apart.During that period there was a large percentage of the Finnish people who lost someone to the flu. It was pretty serious. And another epidemic that took a lot was scarlet fever. My brother and sister had scarlet fever,28
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYbut they survived it. People tried to be helpful and come to help you and bring it with them. They would have someone die in the family and they knew Mother had all these little ones to take care of and they'd rush over to help her. Mother was trying to keep the little ones separated.MT: Didn't they quarantine them?LW: They did quarantine them but they didn't control the partof people helping each other. Meaning well, but not realizing what you can bring in. They did quarantine--as a matter of fact when two children got it my father had to live out of the house so that he could work. Mother was there with the kids. They would bring stuff there to the door and leave it. That was a pretty bad time in 1918 and the scarlet fever epidemic.MT: Was there a camp doctor?LW: Yes, there was a camp doctor and hospital ever sincethere were enough miners to warrant having them. We've had good doctors up here. Like my older brothers and sisters when they were born up here Dr. Allison ended up being the chief surgeon in St. Marks Hospital in Salt Lake City. Dr. Spencer and different ones who had their training here. Even our last doctor, Dr. Hardy, was a fabulous doctor. Dr. Spencer and Dr. Allison were a team at St. Marks Hospital. We had Dr. Bass, he used to be a29
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYCastle Gate Doctor. You might know most of these names. There were quite a few, Dr. Allen, Dr. Smith. We had lots of doctors. Most of those went on to good careers, mostly in Salt Lake City. So when you went in there you could end up with someone who had been a family doctor here.MT: Did the company build the hospital early on?LW: Yes, it was here in the '20s. 1 know it was built in the '20s. My brother was born here in 1928. Our town doctor at that time was out of town. He had three ladies about to deliver, but he was gone. We had to call Dr. Melrose from Helper to come up. All the three ladies expectinghad that same problem.MT: Now lets hear about the sauna or Finn bath.LW: The sauna was very prominent with almost every Finnfamily. The first one was a large one. There was a large home built up here in the east end of the canyon. This is called Finn canyon going up to the east. Right across the creek where Hurskainen's lived on one end was a little house and then there was a great big house and it had the steam bath... the sauna, built right in. It belonged to HIETIKKO, they changed the name to (HAlATO) You've heard of Haita's in Kenilworth. Anyway, they had the first big one and I think they probably let other people use it along with the Finnish people who would go up there. And then after that almost every Finn family had a sauna. We30
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYdid. It had two rooms. It had a steam room and a dressing room. The wash room, steam room, had a platform built up with a bench where you could go up and sit. There was a great big iron stove. The stove had an iron frame all around packed all around with little pebbles. The little stone pebbles all around the stove held in by this metal piece. And on the stove was a big boiler type thing that would heat the water. In later years some people had hot water piped into the room. You made a fire in the stove, the canister on top the stove would heat water and the rocks got hot. Then you had a cold water bib and a tub there to let the cold water run into. So you'd go from the dressing room into this bath room and you'd fix your water in the pans to wash out of . You'd sit up on this platform. They had quaking aspen switches. I think in Finland they were birch, but here they were quaking aspen because that's what we have plenty of up here. You would take and tie branches together and soak them in a pan of water and while you were sitting up there taking steam on the platform you switched yourself with the branches. This is called VlHTA. It kind of circulates your pores. Then you wash or take a bath. Then you take as much steam as you can. You throw a little water onto the rocks and it makes a steam come into the room. It's quite different from the sauna they have now, which is all right too.31
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYIt's a steam setup . . . you sit there and steam. But ours... I like the steam from the way you throw water on the rocks. So then all of your pores are open. You cleanyourself. You have very few skin problems when we had the bath house. Most Finns have beautiful skin because of this. Then after their bath they rinsed off with cool to cold water and then went off into the dressing room, put on your clothes. You felt relaxed. You can't describe it. You felt invigorated. 1 wish they had them now. My son threatens to build one again because we miss it.I always said my husband married me because after work he always came up to take his steam bath in our bath house. He like it so well he decided he'd better come back... he did love it. Although he did mess up his brothers and sisters cause when they'd come up here he'd tell them what to when they got in there . He'd say "Well, if it gets too hot in there for you just throw a little cold water on the rocks." And so their initiation wasn't the best. 1 told them if you do it the right way you're going to enjoy it. If you take it too hot then you're not going to like it. So you have to go in and build up gradually to what your body can take and don't overdo it.MT: Now is that something you would do every day?LW: Yes, daily. I remember when 1 came to Clear Creek from Mohrland after I'd been out of Clear Creek. It had to be32
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYonly a year or two at the most because the children were born every two years and they were all born here in Clear Creek. But 1 remember coming up to Clear Creek with a friend to visit her grandmother. The Grandma gave us a bath in a number two tub. You know, but other than that I always had the sauna. 1 know had the number two tubs like everybody else when 1 was younger but when we had the bath house we had the sauna.I remember when we had a bath in that house in a number two tub she had a cow and we had fresh milk. After we moved here we would take fresh potato peelings up for the cow and she always had fresh milk for us. They had a well so almost everyone in town got good well water for their hair and special things and even drinking water. A lot of other people had wells too, but this one 1 remember particularly.MT: So they did have wells?LW: On the south west hill, you wouldn't believe it now,there was 5 or 6 houses up there and a barn. When you go up Finn Canyon to the east end the Finn hall was just on the outskirts of town right on the end. And above that there was 7 houses. Down around the turn here there was 7 houses and a boarding house. Altogether 1 estimated about fifty houses at the time and two families in a home. Most homes, not these little tiny ones, they would33
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYbe a single, but most of the others would have two families. The boarding house my mother had 1 was just trying to figure out how many boarders she had. It had four bedrooms upstairs for the men and each room accommodated four men. So 1 would say she had about 20 boarders plus her family in there?I remember when I lived there when 1 was tiny, a lady by the names of Mrs. Westerly worked for her and helped her with the cooking a little bit. I thought she was Oriental, but she was Finn. She was just dark compared to everybody mostly being blond. Her eyes were a little tinier and I thought she was Oriental. For a year old child or less than a year 1 can remember this lady. She would give me a bowl of rice to play in. I had a jump swing and she'd put it in that tray and I'd squish it through my hands. It made me not like rice until later years. I just love it now. It was just a memory that stayed with a child and you don't think you remember that long but it does impress you when something happens like that . 1 can picture her just as clear as anything and the rice. It was strange. I walked at a very early age because 1 had a walker and 1 just ran all over the boarding house . . . over the boarders toes and things. But my life was a good life. 1 had a wonderful life. 1 had wonderful parents and brothers and sisters and then when34
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEY1 married 1 had a special husband.MT: I would imagine your mother worked really worked hard when she had the boarding house. Did she wash all the clothes?LW: Yes, she worked too hard. That's the reason her body wore out when it did. To have twelve children and work the way she did. Dad worked hard too, in the mines and doing what he had to do, but mother's work was extra hard cause homemaking wasn't easy. We didn't have washers and dryers. We carried water, but before I was old enough she carried water. Dad was laid up for a while with Rheumatoid arthritis so he couldn't help carry water. She'd be up at 4 or 5 in the morning to make pies, cakes or cookies for the men's lunches. They always had fresh baked stuff in their lunches. Then when she wasn't working in the boarding house and we'd moved out then she would get up long before the kids would get up and go down and clean the mine office and the store and the doctor's office. She would go down and bring the doctor's washing and do it. Almost every time she had a child she would have to stop in the middle of a washing or something. She worked extra hard. But she never complained. They never told us. I don't think any of the Finn people told their families how much money they had, whether they were rich or poor. It was not discussed. The35
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYfamilies worked together and the children never worried about anything. We got what was necessary. They didn't get everything. They just got what was necessary.My mother made all of our clothes. And my mother never used a pattern. If we wanted something she'd tell to go to the store, get your cloth and tell me what you want. She made me what 1 wanted. 1 had better clothes than anybody could have. She made everything 1 wore until 1 got in the ninth grade. Just before my brother got killed in the mine he said he wanted me to have something new that was from the store. It would never be what mother made for us, but he wanted me to have it. That was the first thing, after he died, mother got me a dress and a coat. That's what I remember, otherwise it was hand-me- downs, 1 mean re-made over. And for every holiday she made each of us girls a dress and slips and whatever. She'd be up all night sewing and we'd have it when we'd get up in the morning so that we could go do whatever we had to do. We couldn't live like that now. 1 mean do the washing and ironing. After wash day I remember enough to know about wash days. When 1 got bigger it was still washing on the board. Boiling the clothes in a copper boiler on top of the stove in some lye water and then rinsing them in two or three waters and changing the water. Then we finally got a washer that had the ringers36
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYand things to work with and twin tubs for rinsing. After you got through with the day of washing you had to scrub the kitchen floor. It wasn't just the easy mop over like we have now a days. They were usually wooden floors that you had to scrub and rinse and wipe . 1 remember in those days... but my mother had it all the time. 1 don't know how she managed to do what she did.MT: Was your mother working outside the home in addition to all this sewing and other work she had to do?LW: Yes, up until my last brother was born she was still working doing the doctor's office. My mother never complained or said how hard it was. Like that poem that says all the things that mother did and at the end of the day she sat down and played the piano . . . "There's no Place Like Home." Mother sang all the time she worked. She had a beautiful voice . It had the warbling tone to it . She sang all the time. She taught us anything we wanted to know, crochet, knit and sew. She taught me how to sew on the machine by taking apart one of her old dresses and used it for the pattern so 1 would know the basics of what to do. If only 1 had been wise enough at that time to have her teach me how to do that professional part of it so it didn't look homemade it would have that professional touch ... which she could do .When my sister was older and my cousin were helping 37
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYher at the boarding house my cousin would ask Mother how to do these finishing touches and so she learned. When I'd come to a problem that 1 didn't exactly dare to do myself she was busy, but she would always stop and help me. The only thing is, she would always go ahead and do it for me. And so then 1 lost out on that, on that training. 1 did watch her cook. 1 watched the way she would measure a little bit of this and a little bit of that. So 1 did watch her enough that I was able to make some of the foods that she cooked and they turned out pretty good because I watched her. I'm glad 1 did that because the other sisters have copied a lot of that from what 1 knew.MT: Tell us some of the main things that she did cook that were Finnish dishes.LW: Now the Finnish foods, 1 know she made the soups and the stews. And she made Finnish foods like that KROPSUA Norma mentioned. And they made a lot of breads, different wheats, you know the graham and the rye, the oatmeal. Wemade the dough out of the other grains and made it into a round loaf. It was not put into pans. We washed the bottom of the oven because it was a coal oven. We washed the bottom of the oven and you had a long board, it was a little wider and it had a handle. We would slide those loaves into the oven. You would punch holes in after they38
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYraised. You'd punch holes in the top and slide them into the oven and bake them. It was delicious bread. You can use just the oatmeal and have the same results. We didn't put the bread in pans. It had a sort of hard crust all around it. And now, if you do it, you can put it in the pan and bake it, but we didn't then. We put it on the flat of the oven because we had a lot of loaves, and we put them in and made a big batch when you were doing for a big family. 1 always remember the bread. It was good.And they made a sweet dough that was called NlSSUA. Some people now call it PULLA. It is like a little bun type thing. They'd make the bread in a braid and into a loaf. After that they would take the canned milk or syrup and put it on to glaze it and put sugar on it. You'd bake that sweet dough and slice it then for serving. This is something the men always had when they came home from work. And after a while when it wasn't fresh, they would slice it and toast it in the oven. It would be crisp. It was called KORPPU and that is what you called zwieback toast if you were buying it. They had made that a lot and used it for a coffee accompaniment of a kind. And they made RlESKA, which is kind of a short bread. It is something that if you are kind of in a hurry and you have to mix some bread you can mix this quick bread. They had fruit soups and, like I said, several fruits cooked39
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYtogether and thickened a little bit and with sugar.MT: Now what kind of fruit would they use?LW: I think almost anything they had that was handy or inseason at the time. I have several recipes in here. We used whatever fruit we had. We just blended them together or take the juices and mix them together with sugar and thicken it. It was called MEHU. You would serve that as kind of a fruit dish. They cooked a lot of fish. The old time Finns did a lot of it. In fact, Mrs. Somppi she used to cook a fish stew or a fish soup. Mrs. Somppi took cooking school in Finland. And so when she cooked this soup she left the heads on the fish and my brother said he didn't mind the taste of the soup, but he didn't like those eyes looking back at him. My mother never left the fish heads on. We had a lot of fish. We had a lot of the different type of soups and stews and mulligan stew they called it with everything in it. And potatoes sliced thin and potatoes with salmon and the onions in it. It is good. It really is good. Some people would even make it in a little milk, but we didn't.MT: So you were able to get salmon here?LW: I know they got some from the store. But canned salmonwas used a lot and fresh fish from wherever. Like 1 said, they salted it a lot. If they got fish from the lake here of the streams, they salted it down in crock jars and had40
 L I L L I E ERKKILA WOOLSEYsalt fish. And they used pork chops a lot in their cooking. They cooked it like a little stew with the pork and the potatoes and the onions.MT: Did Finns use cabbage or sauerkraut?LW: They used a lot of cabbage. 1 don't remember a lot ofsauerkraut, but cabbage was used a lot. In fact, my husband and my son just love it cooked with the hamhocks and onions. 1 think they probably used it more in soups and the stews and cabbage rolls. 1 know my family liked the cabbage when it was cooked with the hamhocks, simmered a long time with the onions, lot of onions, then put your cabbage chunks in it. We never put vinegar in it, but my husband and my son add a touch of vinegar to it, wine vinegar. Just a little touch to it. We had a lot of meats, roasts and potatoes and basic foods like that. Mashed potatoes and boiled potatoes with lots of vegetables. I think they had good diets.MT: Was there special cookies you would make for Easter or for Christmas?LW: No, 1 think the Finn biscuit, the NlSSU, was mostly what they had. When mother was working, she'd make pies and cakes and cookies or whatever, for the boarders for lunches. And as we grew older, we girls would make the pastries. You know, she showed us how. 1 remember her making the cakes in one of those lard buckets, like the41
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYlard used to come in. And that is what mother would stir up her cakes in and cookies. And that's what we did too after when we got older. My older sister used to make a lot of cakes for every occasion and decorate them. She was very good at any of the pastry making. She doesn't do that now.MT: Were there some particular Finnish recipes for cakes? LW: No, just that KROPSUA. You know, it is kind of like acrepe. Because it is a custardy type that you cook flat, in a flat pan. And then you can either roll it up and put a filling in it for food or strawberries or stuff or whatever you want to. Or you could eat it plain. Everybody, you know, they still like that. There is a Finn cookie, FlNSKA KAKOR, an almond nut studded butter strip. Also there are special tortes .MT: Before we move on to other things, was there anything else that you wanted to tell us about the role of religion in your family and in the community? Would you like to talk about that?LW: Okay, the religion was Lutheran for most of the Finns. But there was no Lutheran church up here, there never has been. But a Lutheran Reverend came from Salt Lake once a year for about two weeks. And he'd have confirmation classes for them. The children were baptized as babies, you know, and l myself was baptized in Price in the42
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYMethodist-Episcopalian church because they told Mother it was the same as the Lutheran church, but it was nothing like it. Now I am LDS, and in fact, since I was 12 years old 1 have worked in the LDS church. 1 went to church and then helped as a teacher and then as a secretary and then different things. So, all through the years 1 have worked in the Mormon church.MT: Did a lot of the Finnish people join the Mormon Church? LW: Yes, they did. And 1 think that there probably have been many more. But it was the only church in town. And our people wanted the children to have religion. My mother taught from the scriptures, from the Bible . And she read in Finn to us out of the Bible and taught us. And shetaught us, everything she taught us was by the proverbs. She'd have a little saying that was a teaching way of telling, showing us how to do things. But this pastor that would come up here would come for about two weeks each year for these confirmation classes. He didn't come any more when 1 was old enough for anything like that, but my older sister and brother took the classes. 1 have a picture of them at this confirmation class graduation. There was a little Sunday School held up there in the Finn Hall that Oscar Hakola, who lived up on the hillside on the south east side, did supervise a little Sunday School class for the younger children . And then when this43
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYpastor would come around, then he would have a confirmation class for them. But, 1 think that after my sister had her confirmation class she must have been about sixteen going on seventeen, judging from the picture, she is 12 years older than 1. And he has never been around since. So, the reason 1 treasure the LDS Church, they worry about the lost sheep. And the Lutheran reverend never did come around. My younger brother was taken to Salt Lake and he was baptized in Salt Lake, but you had to just worry about things yourself. But 1 have nothing against the Lutheran church. Every church is a stepping stone to something. You know, we all know it is good if they are teaching good, they are not wrong. It is good.MT: So, where do you go to church now?LW: I go to church in Scofield now.MT: So the things that really held the Finnish peopletogether was really more their socials at the hall.LW: Yes, that's right. They had their religious principles by their being together and doing things. . . keeping the young ones from getting into trouble because they kept the families together. There was very little vandalism oranything bad. Once in a while you'd hear some little girl had her hair pulled because she had braids or something, in school, but that was mischief. You know, we didn't44
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYhave any serious problems up here at all. The only thing I can remember that was even a sad situation was a Finn man that lived on the hill over here, committed suicide in his barn. The barn was up in back of his house. He committed suicide. 1 don't know why. He had a family, five children. His picture is among these here too, and his wife. But it must have been depression of some kind, because his family was just a nice family. He had four boys and a girl, 1 think. But he hung himself up there in the barn. The Finns generally worked together and played together and were very family oriented.MT: Did you feel that there were bad feelings among the different ethnic groups?LW: No, in fact, we had Japanese people in a boarding house next to our house. In fact, for a while a couple of our boarders even stayed over in the "Jap" boarding house. We had Japanese people who idolized my dad. And we had one that's buried in our cemetery plot in Scofield. But one of the last ones that was left up here in Clear Creek. There weren't as many Japanese as there were Finns up here. But they mixed well. There was one Japanese man, when he died, asked if he could be buried with our family down there. I think he had family in Japan, but he was quite alone up here .MT: Were there any Slovenians and Italians? 45
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYLW:MT: LW:Yes, there were the Fiechko family... is that Italian or Greek, I'm not sure.That sounds like Slovenian doesn't it?We had Malaska who was Yugoslav. And Mr. Malaska was married to a Finn lady, Susie Hackola, and they lived here . But he was either from Yugoslavia or Czechoslovakia, 1 don't know which. But the Fiechko's lived around the turn before you come into town. The Finns lived up Finn Canyon on both sides.Were there quite a few Finnish people working at Winter Quarters and did they live at Winter Quarters?There were quite a few Finns living in Winter Quarters and some in Mud Creek and a large group of them died in the explosion in 1900. They either left or went other places. 1 don't think very many of them came here to Clear Creek. There were a few Finns in Standard and Peerless and Rains and up that way.What was the height of the population here? I think it was close to 600.And this was?In 1908 there was 450 people and then between 1910 and 1920 there were 450 to 600 people. Now, I don't know... I tried to go through names and place some of them and see if 1 could come up with a definite number because this one book that was out said it was never well46MT:LW:MT: LW: MT: LW:
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYpopulated, just 200 people. They didn't know what it was.MT: Six hundred was a large population in those days.LW: That's right, and for a mining town.MT: How long was it before they closed most of the mines upand people began to move out? Was that in the '50s?LW: When everybody started to go out it was around 1954. There was a big fluctuation of people from 1924 to about 1928. There was a lot of old timers that left and went todifferent parts and then the mine closed up here. And today there aren't many of us left. There's the Otani's and there is Josie and her brother, Nelson, and me and then there is, on this other row up here, Florence Wallace. She is an old timer. Florence is 84 now and she has a fabulous memory. She is really good on the history of Clear Creek. Then Malaska, down as you enter town, down in that big house there. And that's the year around people. Every winter, the houses owned by different people are closed up and then they come up for the summermonths .MT: So you have quite a few people up here in the summerthen?LW: Yes. I'm the Primary president down in Scofield for theLDS church, that's for the little children. We have only so few in Scofield. There's no Clear Creek children up here anymore. And Scofield has so few that when you plan47
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYon what you're going to do for those few you can't let it go at that, because we never know who is coming up for their holiday sessions because they live in Scofield in the pines and all over up here. So you have to almost always prepare for several . Sometimes you have a houseful, and the next time maybe just two. So it's a challenge to know what to do.MT: What do you remember about the United Mine Workers and when they were on strike?LW: Well, the strikes here in Clear Creek didn't bother any of us. 1 mean the strikes that were bad. The one where Finns were involved in were down in Peerless and Latuda, Rains and up that way. There were some involved in that, but up here the Finns weren't in it at all. The only thing is, after the United Mine Workers come in, a few times the United Mine Workers called a strike, you know. But, as far as affecting us, it didn't bother us at all because all you had to do was stay home. There wasn't any picketing or anything like that .MT: Did most of the people join the United Mine Workers?LW: Yes, you had to. To work in the mines people belonged to the United Mine Workers. That is the same way it is still the Valley Camp. Valley Camp is a United Mine Workersmine. Coastal States isn't. And that is why Valley Camp i s closed right now because other mines are trying to48
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYbreak the unions and Valley Camp could be sold right now, which 1 think it is . But they wanted to hold onto a union mine so that the men would keep their medical and things . The union was good to that point, but it gave them a better medical conditions and working conditions and better pay. The union helped the men at that time to better their standards. And it was only a discussion between what they wanted. I mean it did make things, living standards, a little bit better. But there was never any feuding or anything up here with it, other than when the contract ended, they were out until it was signed.MT: They didn't ever have the hard feelings that developed around Spring Canyon and that area?LW: No, there was never any bad feelings or anything between the people up here.MT: What did your dad do in the mine?LW: He was a fireboss. He checked out the mine and then theycould go in. He was there for twelve years alone, and then when he had to give it up because of his health, 1 think they put about 6 or 7 guys in to do what he was doing .MT: Did your dad work in the mine when they were hand loading coal and being paid by the ton?LW: Yes. Even when they first opened the coal seam. There was 49
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYonly my dad and Mr. Hurskainen and then these two older men came up here to open the mine. There was a timber group up here on the lumber mills in the canyon. But, as far as coal, when the coal started, my dad and these two young boys came with the men. They opened the vein of coal and from then on it progressed to Utah Fuel and they enlarged it. 1 had a brother killed in this mine... in the best years of his life.MT: What happened?LW: Well, he was a timberman, and he was preparing a place.He knew that it was dangerous. He wouldn't let my cousin go in because he knew it was bad. But it had to be done to protect the ones that were going in there to work. And he went in and just before he got through the top came down. My cousin was in the mine with him and my other brother was running the hoist, you know, that drops the coal in, and he had to bring him out. But that was a sad day. They've all been in the mine, the boys have, and made it nice for the girls, I guess. But in the Finnish homes the custom was to cater to the men. You know, so when they come home from work you have coffee on the table with some kind of a goodie, and then when they get washed, bathed they'd have their supper. In the morning, if it was cold, and snowy, you would have their clothes out around the oven door so that they could dress in warm50
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYclothes and get to work. After all, they were working and earning the living. All of those European homes do that. It just seems to me that there shouldn't be quite so much catering as it was, but when you see the circumstances ofMT:LW:MT: LW:big families, you know, things like that, you can see why it happens.It was different in those days. But those mothers worked as hard, if not harder than the men in those days.I would say they did work as hard. It was a different kind of work. They did work every bit as hard. They would wear their health out... They were all large families. Six was a small family. It took a lot of work for everybody to manage.So how long did your parents live?My dad was only 58 when he died. But my mother was 72 or 3 when she went. But, I'd say that hard work had its toll. It got a little better for Mother after we were all older and able to do things. But, I never heard any complaints at all from any of them.MT: Was Clear Creek always a company town?LW: Y es.MT: Did it ever become incorporated?LW: No, it has never been an incorporated town. It's been acompany town even in these later years when there has been no company, the individuals own the homes, but not51
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYthe ground. We have our water system but Valley Camp still owns the ground.MT: So who takes care of the water system, the sewers and the garbage?LW: Valley Camp still handles the garbage. The water we take care of ourself. The sewer, we pay Price for the sewer setup, but that was just very recent. Before we always had outhouses .MT: So Price takes care of the sewage?LW: Price, Carbon County ...MT: Where is the sewage transported to around here?LW: They just put in the line there and there are severalbreaks out on the road there. l think ours goes up the canyon. We're hooked on to our own setup up here. We pay the county for it .MT: So you are still tied to the company in some ways?LW: Yes, we are. They still own the ground. We own the home, but the company, Valley Camp owns the ground. They aretrying to make a deal that when they sell they will give us the homes, to the ones that paid ground rent. They will let us have the homes for a meager sum. l don't know what it will be, because it could be from a dollar up to what l don't know. But they will give us, the ones that have kept their ground rent paid up, will have the opportunity to have the home, unless they get a stinking52
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYcompany that wants to make it mean, then they might tell you you had to go.MT: So Valley Camp is trying to sell?LW: They are and l think they have already sold. There hasbeen two contracts that they've been discussing. But the last time l talked to Mr. Foust down there when I got coal, he said that they are negotiating. And they want Clear Creek people to be taken care of before the deal is closed. So I hope it works out. l don't know what it will be, we have to wait and see, but they are trying. l mean they tell us they are trying.MT: And so you have a coal furnace?LW: Yes, l have a coal furnace and l have to clean outclinkers every morning and l put in the coal.MT: Do you want to stay here in Clear Creek?LW: Yes, l like Clear Creek and l like the people. But thereason l am mostly here is that my son thinks that this is paradise. He is separated from his wife, although he lives next door to his children. Because their mother works and isn't there, she never was anyway. But, he doesn't leave the kids. He wants to be there with them. She is next door and he is there with them. So when he gets a little bit of time off he likes to come up here. He likes to bring the kids up here. And so, I have my son and l have five grandchildren, and two great-53
 L I L L I E ERKKIL A WOOLSEYgrandchildren. They come up here and feel relaxed and l can cook some meals and take care of them.MT: Where does he live?LW: He lives up in Hennifer, you know, up by Coalville. HeMT:LW:drives to Ogden. He is a computer programmer at Hill Field. So he only has Thursday and Friday off, then he comes here if there isn't home problems... it seems sad that after the children are almost all grown up that they have a separation. It kind of cuts you a little bit. It is depressing. But that is why l stay. l wouldn't have to. l have two sisters in Helper. But right now I think that he needs someone here. And sol don't mind. When we come back from California, this is where we come. After my husband passed away l just stayed. l have good neighbors if I need anything .I want to ask you about the Finn Hall and other buildings up here. Were they are all in wood by the fine Finnish carpenters?Yes, in fact, all of the houses up here were built by the Finns for the company. The first houses that were built were these big ones. I would say the big houses were built in 1900 because when my dad come they lived in tents. And the first houses that were built were the houses this size, the two story ones up both sides of this canyon and down the road here, they were built54
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYfirst. Then the Finns built this middle size house that goes up that way. The large homes were built first. Then the Finnish people built the medium size houses up all the canyons that were here. And then in later years, the little three room house was built between each one of the big houses. But the big houses were built in 1900. So they are over 100 years old. In fact, as you can tell, there is a lot l have to do here. They've been good homes. Some books have listed these houses as the cracker box style, like they have in Finland because of the Finnish carpenters. Now, l don't know which ones they referred to as cracker box, whether it was the big one or that middle sized house that goes up the hillside there and up on this other hill. But a lot of these house, in fact think the biggest majority were built by the Finns for the company. The big houses were five room ones, and then the three room houses were built in between.MT: LW:And did they build the hospital?I don't know who built the hospital. That could have been somebody who come in for the company. The same for the store and the mine office, they were in a row there together. There was a park that l missed more than anything when I left Clear Creek and come back because that little park down there was so beautiful to enter. You would come up the road from across the railroad track55
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYand over the bridge and there was houses all along. You would come around the bend and then there was that beautiful little park that meant so much. The thing that upset me more than anything when 1 come back and it was gone. But time changes everything.MT: Now the school over here was built by the school district?LW: Yes, 1 think a man from Price was in on it ... Gunderson. 1 think he worked on the school house and he was related to my husband. 1 mean one of his daughters married a Woolsey.MT: And would the company own the ground?LW: Yes, they would. They still own the ground. And 1 hopethat we can get it so we don't have to take the house and go. It wouldn't hold up 1 don't think. We mentioned, when 1 showed you the costume, about mother showing us how she used to card the wool and clean it and thin it. She told us what we had to do. We also made rugs, but we didn't have the big loom where you threaded it and wove the rugs on. We didn't have one of those, but we took two chairs and put them together and wove the threads back and forth from one chair, from the length of the rug we were going to make. And we made a homemade loom that was about maybe three feet wide, maybe four. Well, depending on how wide you were going to make the rug, 1 guess. 1 remember one56
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYabout three feet that my brother and I worked on. The way it was built, it fit over the threads and you'd throw the pieces of cloth that had been sewed together, you would throw that ball through and it is together and then back the other way. We made a lot of rugs that way.MT: Did you do fine weaving?LW:MT: LW:No, we have a spinning wheel in Ohio that should come to us, but Aunt and Uncle are gone and whether the children will ever get it here l don"t know.Does it belong to your family?It comes from my dad's mother. We should have gotten it, but when my dad's brother passed away but we haven't gotten it. When children get things they don't realize the value of anything. But they had a big loom in Scofield, two of the ladies down there had a big loom to make rugs on. And mother went there every once in a while and she would show us. Let me tell you about the medications . It was mostly homemade things. Honey water and hot jello, mustard plasters and things like that where anything that was available. Sometimes sage was soaked for different pains and things. l thought that was kind of interesting to know that mostly the parents or the family took care of yourself with a bit of these old remedies that are proving to be so good now. They are writing books on it and sending you in the mail for these57
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEY good little hints.MT: Which you have known all along, right Lillie?LW: And you can go out in the yard and pick some yarrow. They use for tooth aches like you use cloves and different things like this. So If you had a bad chest it was usually a mustard plaster. But then the sauna was one of the best places that you could go, but you had to keepawfully warm after you got the steam bath. My husband, when l had my son, he got so sick and he didn't know what he was going to do. He was just awfully sick, and he came up home and went in the bath house and had some hot lemonade and took a bath and stayed in there for hours until mother sent my brothers out to see if he was all right. He got well fast. But why l mentioned the sauna for a remedy is because in Finland and sometimes even here, when a mother delivered her baby, she would go to the bath house because of the relaxing feeling for it and then that would help. And so the sauna was used for that and a lot of the Finn ladies were midwives. Then later on we had Mrs. Gordon up here that did the same thing. She wasn't a Finn, but she took over delivering babies. They usually had a doctor, but it was just for the last minute thing. For Memorial Day we made our flowers and brought them down to the cemetery. When l went to California, l had to make roses for two graduations, because l knew how58
 LILLIE ERKKILA WOOLSEYto do it from early experiences. I was thinking of my mother's lullaby. She used to sing a lullaby. She would sing it in Finn.Sing it for us.Well, l don't really know all the words. l know the tune,but it was Hark All Ye Nations was the name of the piece. And so mother would sing it and hum it to us. And through the years that song has stayed with me and sung it to the children and the little ones and my little great granddaughter. But l was surprised then last year, two years ago, when the new LDS hymn book come out, there was Hark All Ye Nations, and when they played it there was my mother's lullaby. It floored me. We did a lot of singing at home and Mother sang when she worked. It was just something l think l better let you go through these pictures and see what you want to take.MT: Thank you for this wonderful interview, Lillie. [END OF INTERVIEW]MT: LW:59