 LARK WASHBURNGrand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngleUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-198July 22, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 22. 1970Tape #1:Early Mining (ca. 1940) 1 Independent Contractor ................. 5 V entilationStaking Claims With DeVar ShumwayWorking for Union CarbideUravan, a Company Town . . . .Church, School, and M inorities.AEC Allocations . . . . .The Lawsuit . .Union Carbide's Help to Small M iners.7 . 13 . . 16 19 23 26 • 28 31 34 38 40 42 Losers in Mining Ventures; The Future ......... 45AEC Help . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Wyoming and New Mexico Mines . . .. . Problems in Assaying. . . .. . Union Carbide: A Boon to the Country.
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH LARK WASHBURN, CONDUCTED BY CLARE ENGLE I N GRAND J U N C T I O N , COLORADO, ON JULY 22, 1970. [THIS IS PART OF THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.JCE: Thank you, Mr. Washburn, for taking time with me tonight. I appreciate being invited into your very beautiful home. It would have been an experience just to visit your house even if we didn't have an opportunity to talk. As you know, I'm interested in recording your experiences as a leading contractor in the vanadium and uranium industry on the Colorado Plateau and as a long time contractor for Union Carbide Corporation. But before we do that I'd like,if you would, for you to tell me about yourself, where you were born and raised and educated.LW: Well, like many of the uranium contractors in this area, I was born in Blanding, Utah, and spent 3o years of my life there. I started mining uranium there while I was still in high school and worked there for a number of years before moving to Colorado in 1955.CE: You went to high school in Blanding?LW: High school. Then I worked there for several yearsafter I was married before I moved to Colorado.CE: What did you do in the mines? You said you worked in the mines. Where, and what was your particular job asa young man?
 LARK WASHBURN #1LW: Well, most of the mining at that time, at least agood part of it, was from a shovel to the wheelbarrow to the truck. we had very little mechanization in the mines at Blanding. At least at that time we didn't have much mechanization. Like many others I started to drill. I was just young enough that I never did use a single jack as my father did to drill. But I learned to drill with the jackhammer while we still didn't have jack legs. You understand jack leg, jackhammer? Jack legs is a mechanized force to do the work for you while you drill holes to lead with dynamite to blast. In the day when I started you picked up the jackhammer and drilled the holes with your power, and I'm glad I don't have to do that again. I started out on a shovel like most young fellows did. For 2 or 3 years I thought it was a real treat to get hold of a machine and drill a hole, one or two. But right after I was out of high school I got my first job as a full-time driller. It was easy to go to bed in the evening after I tried that the first few weeks, but then I was grateful along with a lot of others for the invention of the jack leg. I spent two or three years in the paratroopers aboutthat time.CE: Mid-'40s or early '40s?2
 LARK LW:WASHBURN # 1'43-46. Then after I came back I worked a year, 2 or3 years, a couple of years at other things. I spent some time over at Geneva in Utah, Orem, Utah, working for Geneva Steel, and then came back to the mines in 1948 and I've been there since that time.CE: Was the initial work you did on the Cottonwood Creek area near Blanding?LW: CE: LW:Yes, ---?---Your dad was a miner too?Not by choice. My dad liked to farm and he worked in the mines only because he needed the money. But he did, he worked out there. When they opened up the mines and built that first mill, he worked there for several years.Now, was this in the early '40s or in the late '30s? Well, I'd suspect that this started in the late '30s, probably when they built that first mill. It was up and down two or three times. I worked there in the early '4 Os while--probably in '4 O; '3 9 or '4 O wouldhave been my first term at it.When did the demand £or vanadium increase? This was all vanadium at the time.CE: LW:CE:LW:CE: You weren't even looking at the uranium in that ore,were you?LW: No, I knew practically nothing about it. All I knew3
 LARKCE:LW:WASHBURN # 1was that I had a job and was happy earning 50 cents an hour or something. $4 a day was lots of money.Did you work for United States Vanadium Corporation at any time during this period?I never did. The only work that I ever did for someone else was for Blanding Mines when I was starting out, and then for a very short period of time I worked for Shumway Brothers over in Blanding. Then in '48 I paid $150 for a wheelbarrow and a jackhammer and some hose and a shovel and I leased air, rented air for fifty cents a ton or something from the Shumways and started on my own. I've been an independent contractor since that time.Do you remember anything about the Metals Reserve period? You were around for about a year of that.At that time I was just working for wages and I couldn't have cared less. I knew nothing about the details.You weren't conscious of the fact that the Union Mines Development Company was surveying the area to determine whether there was any uranium in reserve? No, I wasn't aware of that. This was all in, what?CE:LW:CE:LW:1 39, '38?CE: No. The Union Mines Development Company (which was asubsidiary of Union Carbide) did a report for the4
 LARK WASHBURN # 1government for the Manhattan District from about ' 43 to '45.LW: Well, let's see, I was a paratrooper. I couldn't do much about it.CE:LW:CE: LW: CE:LW: CE: LW: CE: LW:You weren't very concerned about what was goi ng on . Did you know that the uranium that was in the bomb came from this area?I think it came from right down there at Uravan on the Club Flats where I worked for years and years. When did you work there?Oh, from '56 to '63 or something like that.When we get to that time in your career I'd like to ask you about that because I'm very interested in Uravan.I think Madame Curie's radium also came from there. That's a very rich uranium area, isn't it?Yes, it's a very tremendous area.So in '48 you began to work independently?Yes. In fact, it will only be a matter of a very short time till I will have formed an alliance with DeVar [Shumway] that has been off and on for allthese years. I've been on a number of projects withhim, partners with him ---?---.CE: Well, what does an independent contractor do? Give mea schedule of a week's work. 5
 LARK WASHBURN #1LW: Then or now?CE: Then and now.LW: Now I'm just a parts boy.CE: Oh, you just supply the demands Of your people.LW: Then I worked a lot of hours a day, eight, ten,twelve hours a day and tried to make a truckload of ore pretty often and had maybe one hired hand. When DeVar and I first worked together we didn't have any hired help for several years but we--DeVar's an extremely efficient miner and he did the shooting and I did some of the shoveling and he helped me. But as the time went on we hired one man and then two or three and quite a number of them. But for a lot of those years I was more or less my own mechanic and parts boy. In Blanding at the Blanding mine, they started there with the rubber-tired cart, rubber- tired chariots I call them. I always tried to get them to have a chariot race. We had horses underground with a rubber-tired cart that would hold about a ton of ore behind the horse. So you had hay and grain to buy. All sorts of interesting things. But I did my own payroll, my own bookkeeping, mechanizing, mining, drilling, the whole works for quite a number of years. I found it was easier and a lot more reliable to have somebody else do nearly6
 LARK WASHBURN # 1everything. Anymore I have about 4 different mines operating. Mostly I'm a parts boy. This radiation fear, really I don't have very much fear of it, but I've been underground enough that I'm going to let well enough alone. I don't spend very much time underground.CE: Will you talk about that since we're on that subject? Tell us about this address that you presented before the joint committee of the Atomic Energy Commission on March 18, 1969. This is not, as you probably know, recorded anywhere except on this. I just happen to have a copy of it, and I really do think that what you say in this is very worthwhile to a historian so that he can determine what was being done in 1969 and how people felt about that problem during that time.LW: Well, this irritates me. It's kind of a do-gooder project, you know. So much of our country anymore is dominated by do-gooders that don't have any real interest one way or the other. They just get a pet thing going and ---?--- it. Most of the people who testified at these hearings--I went back to two hearings and to one session that was by special invitation as a representative of the small miners. Iwas invited back to help formulate the processes by which they work with these variations that they were7
 LARK WASHBURN #1going to allow. But so many of the people who testified were union leaders or someone else that had never seen a uranium mine and didn't have any idea what they were talking about and all they wanted wasfor you to bring the same amount of fresh air inside as there is outside. Of course according to all the people and the pollutionists today, there isn't even any fresh air outside anymore.CE: Not where we live there isn't. There is here.LW: But I felt that these hearings were pressure packed to the extent that people weren't aware and theyweren't being decided by the facts that they still only had one or two cases of 1ung cancer in non- smokers. Yet they have lung cancer in smokers every day that are not miners. It's pretty evident that tobacco smoking and radiation is the culprit. I don't think this group of miners--I think this report mentions this group of miners, thirty or forty of them that were raised in Blanding that didn't-- most of them didn't smoke or maybe like me smoked a 1ittle while when he was a kid or something. But there's never been a case of lung cancer among these men and they didn't ever own any ventilation equipment. I worked for many years and Union Carbide furnished the ventilating equipment but it wasn't8
 LARKWASHBURN # 1used. They'd let it run out of gas, and when theinspector came we put another gallon in. We didn't operate ventilating. We didn't worry about it. You could see to get back through the smoke; you'd go back to work.Now when was this?Well this was a lot later than I'd like to report. I don't know that it should be a part of your report. The companies, including Union Carbide, report how they were really trying, but a lot of these things get padded at the right place for the right people tosee. I never bought any ventilation equipment of my own until 1962.When were you in attendance at these hearings?In 1968 and '69.So someone had by then, by '62 made you aware of this problem.Yes, it was common knowledge that there was thought to be some danger there by that time.The Public Health Service initiated it before that, I think.Before that, clear back in '57 or '58 or sometime. I didn't pay much attention to it. I know it cost memoney to fool around with it when they came and wanted to check there·. I slowed down production and ICE: LW:CE: LW: CE:LW:CE:LW:9
 LARK WASHBURN #1wasn't very enthusiastic.CE: Your opinion is probably the same as most of these people. It's expensive, it costs a great deal of money, doesn't it, to drill the air holes?LW: Oh, yes. Just in the last ninety days Mr. Clayhorn and I have drilled two vent holes that have cost us over $8,000 for the two of them and then another $600 each for the fans to go on them. It's tremendously expensive. We've spent lots of money.CE: But it is worth it if it does provide the safety that these people need.LW: Well, but then I'm not charitable enough to say that. It's worth it if it doesn't shut me down, I suppose. If I find enough ore to justify it. But the truth is that probably with half the amount of air they require, with non smokers there wouldn't be any problem. There's very little to indicate that there would be a problem if a man didn't smoke.CE: But you are supposed to maintain a certain working level.LW: Yes, yes.CE: How do you check that?LW: I don't. I have one contract mine with Union Carbideand they check if very faithfully. They're far more diligent and concerned than anyone else. Even the10
 LARK WASHBURN #1state or the federal, no one else attempts to check as much as Carbide does. Carbide in fact requires a tougher radiation level than the state most of the time. And it has been lowered. Carbide lowered itfirst. They didn't consult me or they wouldn't have lowered it, but they lowered it before the state did both times. Then in the private mines, the state of Utah samples two of them and the state of Colorado samples the other.CE: Occasionally.LW: Yes, usually they'll come, and if the air's alrightthey won't come back for a month. If it's bad they'll give us a couple of days to correct it and then come and check it again. At the Firefly mine that operates in La Sal Creek they were there just the other day and the air wasn't too good. Since that time I have just bought a new powerful fan and installed it. I'll call them tonight and let them know so they'll come back and check again, because I 'm certain that the air's alright now.CE: Don't these fans create problems in the wintertime because the air is so cold that the equipment freezes?LW: Up at the Beaver Mason mine that I operate for Union Carbide, they have something like 75,000 CFM going11
 LARK WASHBURN #1through that mine, and actually where the tunnel narrows, where the drift narrows in places where it's only 8 or 10 feet square, 6 or 8 feet square and 75,000 CFM of cold frigid air going through there, itfreezes 1,000 or 1,500 feet back in the mine. It's a real problem. That wet mine has lots of water. We have 6 inches of ice for a hundred yards that we fight all winter to get the train though. We have to break ice constantly. It's a real problem. But that's a real big mine and it happens to take lots of ventilation to keep it in working condition by the rules they have now. I think that I--in this report I requested that they take a more realistic attitude and change their--go up rather that down. I requested them to go back to the 2.0 working level rather than coming down to a .3 working level. I'm serious. I think that now that it's a federal ruling that you can't smoke underground, and in fact many, many uranium miners have either quit smoking or moved on. Smokers have moved on to another field. I think that if they--to hold with the no smoking rule, I think that we would be perfectly safe with a .2 working level. I don't think there would be a danger in theworld.CE: Do you rotate your people so that they are exposed12
 LARK WASHBURN #1only a certain number of days at once at a certain level?LW: Well, yes. It's required that it be this way, that they not be overexposed. Rather than rotate them, we try to keep enough air, but occasionally we have to pull someone outside and work with them in a different area. This is an expense. You don't find any ore outside. Carbide again because they do not want to be on the dark side of the ledger in handling these areas, they don't hesitate to bring the man outside and work him for 90 days if they need to. Now I don't have jobs outside. I hire people to mine and you mine underground. I can't afford some of these luxuries that Union Carbide can afford. Some of the other big companies here, they're about out of business; they didn't pay any attention to it like Carbide did. They worked until the mine inspector shut them down and then they went back to work the next day and did it again. They weren't as concerned as Carbide is.CE: Are you a contract miner for Carbine now?LW: Yes. I have one operation with them.CE: What kind of arrangement would a contractor have witha big corporation like that? So far as equipment is concerned, for instance.13
 LARK WASHBURN #1LW: Well, that there, as far as equipment is concerned,basically I furnish my own equipment or pay them a very reasonable rent on anything of theirs that I have. But they're more than generous on that. I mean they'll loan me the equipment almost anytime if it'savailable and do anything and everything they can to help you in that way, to furnish equipment of various kinds, to make supplies available and so. But basically the contract reads that I furnish my own equipment except the equipment in schedule D or whichever schedule it is, and that I pay so many cents or dollars a month rent for this equipment.CE: What did you do during the boom years, now that we're up to about what, '51 when the--?LW:I missed the boat along with a lot of other people. I suppose DeVar has already told you about our claimstaking expeditions. From Blanding we drove 50 miles west and then walked up over the hill for 13 miles over real rugged country and staked a lot of claims. He talked about this, didn't he?CE: Well, some of it. But do tell me your story too.LW: It wouldn't be any different than his. But we staked 40 to 50 claims. We slept out in February without the--with nothing, but we'd be able to have acampfire and rake the coals into a hole and cover 14
 LARK WASHBURN #1them lightly with dirt. You'd be too hot when you laid down, but pretty soon you'd go to sleep and wake up dead.Frozen.Yeah, but we staked a lot of claims. We didn't have any money to keep the grounds and moved to Colorado about that time. Then the next time we went back intoCE: LW:CE:LW: CE:LW:that area the government had built a road in and was exploring and drilling and there were some tremendous deposits. One place we had slept on the ground and then staked the ground. Within a couple of hundred feet of where we slept on the ground they sunk an incline to a $10,000,000 ore body. We had the right idea but just didn't stay with it long enough.This was in the Elk Ridge or the White and Red Canyon area?Red Canyon.What mine was that? This $10,000,000 one you're talking about?Well, Uranium King had it. I believe it was that Allen Incline or something. I don't know really. That made me feel bad. The Uranium King had that area for quite a period of time. We, DeVar and I did get a little royalty out of the few claims that we staked later, but for the original ones we didn't get15
 LARK WASHBURN #1anything out of them. We about that time, along about'55 we moved, both DeVar and I moved to Grand Junction and we worked on Calamity Mesa for Union Carbide and then they transferred me in '56, they transferred me to Uravan down on what they call Club Mesa, just above the mill at Uravan. It's the old--I don't know the name, somebody chemical company. That Union Carbide, the old original claims that they had.CE: Standard.LW: Standard Chemical that they had originally. The Data,and the Data Wonder, and the RAN and the Rambler that produced in Madame Curie's time and were supposed to be completely mined out. John Emerson, at one of the meetings held recently, John Emerson mentioned the fact that in 1948 they estimated the reserve on Club Mesa as something like 1,000 tons. It's produced lots of ore; a number of times I produced 1,500 or 2,000 or 3,oOO tons. Good ore, it just has a tremendous deposit.CE: Of uranium and vanadium?LW: Uranium and vanadium.CE: Which was higher?LW: Well, almost without exception vanadium is alwayshigher.CE: In carnotite?16
 LARK LW:WASHBURN # 1In carnotite ore preferably. Right now the higher the vanadium the better chance you have. But most of the time the ore there on the Club ran about 5 or 6 to a hundred, about 5 to a hundred I suppose most of the time. In fact, up in most mines don't do much better than that. Some of them do considerably better at 10 or 15. But we lived right there to the best deal I ever had. Union Carbide had an old house there. I moved into it. They would furnish the material if I wanted to build on a new room. I built me a 17' by25' bedroom on that house and they furnished the material and I furnished the labor. I didn't have to pay taxes nor rent, neither one. Hard to beat s~mething like that. We lived there for 6 or 7 years right by the mine. I had 4 or 5 of these horse-drawn chariots and worked mostly Navajos and Mexicans, because mostly white men retire and don't want to work, at least not hard. Too many good union jobs that [don't] require them to work. I had 7o men working in '62. I had 2 wagon drills and 1 rotary drill and all [were] working on Union Carbide property. I drilled several hundred thousand feet of test holes and had my own trucks that trucked them over to the mill. That's quite an interesting operation. Kind of a shanty town affair there on the17
 LARK WASHBURN #1Club. I produced a lot of ore, did a reasonably good job for carbide, and they were real good to me. Presently--I suppose it was in '62 was one of thefirst private mines that I operated. I operated the Bachelor shaft for 6 or 8 years. But for the most part I've worked entirely on ground that was supposed to be worked out. That was all---?--- just like the Club was when the man that quit Club Mesa when I went there said that there wasn't a pound of ore left up there on that hill. I worked it for years and there was still ore when I left there and it's still producing today. In '63 or '64 Doug Clayborn and I formed an alliance with some men from up in Idaho and leased some property out of Blanding on Elk Ridge up Cottonwood from the Shumway mines at Cottonwood. It was a tremendous ore body. We had some real difficulties getting an incline down to it, but after we finally got into production we had a tie-up of a law suit, for that tied up the money for the first few months that we shipped. When we finally got it settled the first settlement was for several hundred thousand dollars, and it paid all of the expense and it paid everyone's investment. We were even the firsttime we got a check.CE: Can we go back to Uravan a minute? I'd like to have18
 LARK WASHBURN #1you develop a little bit what the town was like during this period of time. As I told you at the beginning of the interview or before we began, I'mgoing to do a paper on Uravan. I've never found anything written on the city or the town and I'm interested in developing it as a company town since Union Carbide does own all to it. I'd really be interested in knowing what it was 1ike while you lived there. Did you have a police force for instance, or didn't you have any crime so you needed them?LW: No, no, there were no policemen in Uravan at anytime while I was there. The company owned everything. There was a post office, a beer joint, service station and a grocery store, and all of it was leased out--the boarding house--was leased out under one management. With exception of the post office all of the dwellings were also company owned for the mill workers at that time. Since then many of the miners do rent from the company, but at that time the company supervisory personnel for the mines and mill workers 1ived in the houses. Even back then the company furnished, owned a swimming pool that was open free to the public during the summer. Since that time they've built a fabulous, beautiful, new19
 LARK WASHBURN # 1swimming pool that just to the best of my knowledge is still open free to the public. It was strictly company owned. One day a year they locked up the main street so you couldn't travel. Because this was necessary for to keep it private property. Even the main street in town was private property and lockedit up so you couldn't travel it in order to maintainit as private property.CE: This is a state law or a federal law?LW: Must be a state law that if you leave it opencontinuously then you lose your right to maintain it as such as private property, and conceivably they could lock it up at any time and keep it locked up except to whoever they wanted to go through. The store there did then and still does extend credit to everyone, everyone if they worked in the mines. But me, they required that I deliver the payroll there so that they could get their money, and I used to take 50 checks there every two weeks.CE: They got the top.LW: Yeah, they took theirs off the top. But even at thatthey lost a lot of cash. But it was an interesting little community. They---?--- once or twice a week, and the company maintained a ball park and had a rather enthusiastic ball team part of the time.20
 LARK WASHBURN #1Again, more to my personal way of doing, I purchased an airplane and I leased from the company for$50 a year the right to land my airplane there on Club Mesa. I made a little airstrip that was about eleven or twelve hundred feet long, and I landed right there in front of my home there at the mines. In fact, since that time, they've torn up the landing strip and (done] some more excavation for mining. They've torn up the landing strip.CE: Nobody else has been able to afford a plane since then. Is that why?LW: Oh, yeah, yeah. No one that worked right there. It wasn't convenient to anyone else. None of the miners have planes.CE: So what was your house like besides the large bedroom?LW: Well we had some interesting furniture in that house- -powder boxes stacked on top of each other for both clothes closets and bookshelves.CE: Was there any residue left in the powder boxes?LW: No, no we couldn't afford that. It was an interestingold house. I fairly enjoyed it. CE: How big was it?LW: Well it started out, when we moved there, there was a kitchen and kind of a kitchen-dining area together21
 LARK WASHBURN #1and living room and one bed room, and we had several youngsters so right away. We built on another bedroom and then a year or two later we built on a large bedroom I was telling you about, so it was a prettyfine mansion before we got through. It wasn't too much for looks, just an old white frame house, but when you don't pay either rent or taxes, I've been looking for that ever since and haven't found it again.CE: Was it company maintained. The yards for instance, keep the houses painted?LW: Down in town they did, but not for us. They would furnish paint anytime for mine houses. Over the years they--in fact I think they still do occasionally-- furnish a little paint to paint a mine cabin, but at that time why they furnished the paint for me anytime I wanted ~o paint. The community as such, Uravan as such, they furnished---?--- they paint every year or two years; they paint the whole works. [They] justgot through. You'll notice when you go to Uravan the theater building is a bright barn red and everything there has a new coat of paint on it. They just finished.CE: Then the company does this you say? LW: Yes.22
 LARK WASHBURN #1CE: Was there a church there when you were there?LW: There was a I don't know what, a Comrnunity Churchthat met there in Uravan. I think the Catholics all went to Nucla and we Mormons all went to Naturita to church. There are quite a number of Mormons there at the time that I was there. I don't think there are hardly any there now, and I don't know how many Catholics, but they all went to Nucla to their services. There was kind of a non-denominationalCommunity Church at the time in Uravan and it hadreasonable good attendance.CE: What about school? What kind of facilities wereavailable for that?LW: Good facilities. The county, Montrose County SchoolDistrict was consolidated as one, and even though most of the people and most of the permanence of the county are on the eastern slope of the mountains, they give reasonably good allocations to the schools over there. They built a big new gym for the little grade schools and seem to have adequate room. All the facilities all the time. Without intention to offend anyone, I was never inspired by the dedication of teachers to--our youngsters did reasonably well in school there, but I suppose it was a mining community. Some of them aren't too necessarily23
 LARK WASHBURN # 1devoted to teaching anything except what it was that brought a paycheck to them. I think the teachers have an obligation to be a little more devoted than many of our riotous teachers of today and our non-medical teachers then.CE: Do you think they felt since it was sort of remote that people weren't interested?LW: Well, I think that some of the teachers got a job that might not have been able to get a job elsewhere. They were kind of withdrawn from themselves so to speak. Maybe I'm not being fair; maybe they were real good teachers. Our youngsters did reasonably well in the schools.CE: Did this go through high schools, or was it just elementary grades? Do you remember?LW: Well, it was all through, I believe, the sixth grade, and then they went on to Nucla for junior high and high school. I believe that since that time they've changed so that the junior high school goes to--well, I was going to say Naturita to high school, but I don't know. They've made some changes since I was there.CE: Did you ever encounter any problems with prejudice? Did you ever have any foreign people come in, which I understand is very common for foreigners to come in24
 LARK WASHBURN #1to mining communities especially if they've had that type of background?LW: I don't believe I could think of any time in any way that there was a problem of that nature. I hired a Negro to work for me in the mine. He only worked 2 or 3 days and then quit. Whether he quit because someone threatened him if he didn't get out, I don't know. I have no reason to believe that's the case, and as faras I know he was peaceful. I hired Mexicans and Navajos as I said nearly all the time and I don't believe that your back East coal miner, foreigner was ever prejudiced to this type of mining in my way of thinking.CE: Were the management people separated from the miners for instance in this town? Was there any segregation that way?LW: Well, the miners all lived someplace other than in Uravan at the time. There was no, other than company supervisory personnel, there were no miners as such that lived in Uravan. They lived like I did in cabins up on the mines somewhere. I just had a much nicer cabin than the others did. Or else they 1ived in Naturita or Nucla or Norwood or Grand Junction or somewhere else.CE: Commuted each day?25
 LARK WASHBURN #1LW:CE: LW: CE:LW:No, commuted from Naturita or Norwood, yes. It's 40 miles or so. Even now, my superintendent and line foreman at the Firefly lives in Norwood and drives50, 60 miles each way every day.Are the roads pretty good?Oh yeah, good roads.Did you ever have a contract with the AEC or an AEC lease?No, I had an AEC license back when you--this would be clear back when I was still in Blanding--you had to have--we'd call it a "P" number, and your number was P dash something. Seems like mine was 155 or 1 something. But I had an AEC license to steel ore at the time I was leasing from the Shumway, older Shumway brothers in the Blanding area at the time. Then I've had AEC allocations here in the last 4 or 5 years, simply slowed the process down and I can take only so much from the mine.Define that allocation and how it relates to you. Sometime along about '56 or something, they said that on the basis of how much reserves the mine had you could so much, so many pounds or uranium per year, there after through this year. Little mines thatdidn't have any reserves I think were originally given only 8,000 pounds a year, and then later onCE: LW:26
 LARK WASHBURN # 1they increased that up to 20,000 pounds a year that they could ship. So each of the little mines that I've operated like the Firefly and the Vanadium Queen and even the Rex that Clayborn and Washburn operate together, they have an allocation, a governmentallocation of only 20,000 pounds per year, and you get a little more money on the allocated ore than you do on any ore you ship over that amount. For a number of years when this allocation program first came into effect, mills wouldn't buy any unallocated ore. Since they've got private contracts they do buy unallocated ore. Of course this is the last year that the government is participating. So we had allocations on a number of mines, and most of the time I didn't have enough ore to fill the allocations. There's only been once or twice that I've filled the allocations until the last year or so, and in the last year or so they purchased all the ore you could ship them. So it didn't matter. They just paid a little less for unallocat€d ore. I'd want to at least have my opinion expressed, whether you put it in writing or not, I'd like it to be know that I take exception to the home of the brave, land of the free when they make rules and then the rules are only for the little fellows, just like they never send rich people to jail for27
 LARK WASHBURN #1very long. They made the rule that if your ore wasn't discovered by 1957 or some such a date, I don'tremember the right date, then you couldn't have government allocation and you couldn't sell it to the government. But when Senator Curr and his partner, Mr. McGee found jillio n s of tons of ore in Wyoming, it didn't take long to have the rules amended to where he took a little less money but he gotallocations on millions of pounds of ore that shouldn't have been under the program. I 'm not too proud of that type of operation. Just because he was a rich man and a senator, it was meant to help him out. He needed that help.CE: Earlier you were talking about a lawsuit. Do you want to tell me about that?LW: That's Washburn history; I don't think you'd have a big part of the uranium history. However it's kind of interesting, !--under the law you take depletion of the ore that you mine if you have an economic interest in that ore. Now of course it takes lawyers and judges to determine what an economic interest is. You asked about the contract with Carbide and I chuckled a bit about it because I took depletion.That contract, at some time along the way the contract was changed and said that you do not have an28
 LARKWASHBURN # 1economic interest and you will not take depletion, but I took it anyway, and eventually Uncle Sam took exception and we went to court and I was--when we were in court in Denver, John Emerson came along and said, "Washburn, you look like you've got the weight of the world on your shoulders." I said, "Damn it, when you're fighting the government and Union Carbide you almost have." I came away wiser and poorer byquite a 1ittle, and Carbide fired me. I was on the Club at the time. They fired me in '63 and I took a little vacation and went to Salt Lake. I had been a freshman at the University of Utah twenty years earlier--no, seventeen years earlier or something and went one quarter at the University of Utah. I went up and told them I wanted to be readmitted. They readmitted me like it had only been yesterday.As they did me, so you see we have this in common.I went one year at the University of Utah and decided that it was too cold and went to Tucson at theUniversity of Arizona for two years.Now you were married and had how many children?Oh, six.Six children, a wife and six children to support, but you decided to become a college student.CE: LW:CE: LW: CE:LW: Yeah. I really enjoyed it. In fact, when I quit and 29
 LARK WASHBURN #1came back, I'd lost this lawsuit in the meantime.CE: You and DeVar, weren't you both involved in it?LW:Well, he--I was originally brought into this thing by them auditing his records, and we'd had a partnership, so they called me in. He just paid his and stayed home. I fought it and went to court and then paid it. But when I finally had lost it I came back and went back to work, but I had the admissions ticket to the University of Arizona Law School. I never did go. I came back and went to work again.But you did go to two years of college.Three.Three!And enjoyed it. If I ever get rich I'm going back to be a professional student. Just take all the classes they have. But so it--I could be quite bitter at Carbide if I wanted to. I don't--Will you explain the details of that more extensively than you have? What did Carbide say, that they were taking the depletion too?Yeah. If I was going to be allowed to take the depletion then they couldn't take it. I maintained that I had drill rigs, I had three units drilling constantly for a long time and spent thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars drilling, spendingCE: LW: CE: LW:CE:LW:30
 LARK WASHBURN # 1money that I had earned from them on their property, where other miners right alongside of me were putting that money in their pockets saying, "You come and drill for me." Hell, there's no point saying I wasright. Everybody that loses says, "I was right." But if I had her to do again, I'd keep better records and fight them again. I was still right.CE: Was that the problem, the fact that your records weren't complete enough?LW: Well, I didn't have good records, didn't keep--didn't know any bookkeeping. Which was too bad. If I'd had better records I may have beat it, I may not have done--no matter. But I still maintain, both then and now, [they] did more for the little man. They had some pretty tough contracts, but they always paid dead work. They paid to help you when you weren't in production. There were two other companies, two other big companies, but Carbide was far superior in my opinion to work for than these other companies.CE: VCA, Vanadium Corporation of America and Atlas?LW: Climax.CE: Climax.LW: Climax. Atlas, I never did work for Atlas. I---?---I never did contract for them. I contracted for VCA 31
 LARK WASHBURN #1and Climax. VCA had a good contract if you could find any ore, but they never--they didn't help you in any way. Climax was just really tough. You could have good ore and couldn't make it with them. They were tough. But Carbide was good to their men then and they still are. They finally started taking the big mines for themselves, company operations. They haveCE: LW:lots of big company operations now, and they've taken their better men and their better mines and made it a little bit rougher on us, but still they've treated many of the men that have made any money. Most of the men that have made any money and still have any of it, made it from Carbide or with the other companies. Some of them made a splash and went back down, but only one or two, there are a few, very few that make money from the other companies consistently.They send in geologists to do the preliminary work? Yeah, they do the geology and engineering and furnish track and pipe and ventilation. That's a tremendously big item now. They furnish it and they pay you for dead worku doing the things that aren't profitable but have to be done. They drill from the surface and from the underground both. They pay you to do that, to test, to search for ore. I think just generallythey look out for the miner more than anyone else. 32
 LARK WASHBURN #1Recently, in the last year, someone in Denver was supposed to have said that there's no place in miningin Colorado for the little man anymore. I take bitter exception to that because I believe it's not the truth. I think he's had his--the government regulations get just almost to the point of being ridiculous on this ventilation. Now in the last month you can't go underground without safety glasses on, and yet you're underground and it's wet and it's damp and you're drilling and glasses are fogged up and you can't see. It's just a total loss to try to work with glasses on.CE: What are they for?LW: Somebody sometime or another has something fly in hiseye and hurt him, and that happens and it happens other places. But you can't--there are some things you can't regulate and control. A man ought to wear glasses if he thinks he ought to, but he shouldn't be legislated into wearing safety glasses, I don't think. But I don't know. I think there's too much government in the business. They adhere strictly to their price agreements, making certain they don't pay any more. Although other costs have gone up ahundred, or two hundred, or three hundred percent. They're still paying by the--and cut the price a33
 LARK WASHBURN # 1couple of years ago by an agreement reached 10 years ago. They cut the price while other costs in the world including congressmen's salaries have gone up several times. It's been tremendously interesting, tremendously rewarding for someone of any kind, couldn't have cared less about going to school. I have a couple of brothers who are doctors; the oldestone a doctor, and they had to work for what they did, where I just kind of fell into mine. But I'm sure not afraid to work. DeVar and I used to work twelve hours a day if it took that long and longer if it took thatlong and camped out in the hills and---?--- I never have enjoyed anything more than mining. I'd do it again without a hesitation of any kind. I like to be underground. I 1ike to see the ground change, and where I don't know anything about geology, the technical part of it, I've enjoyed the mining operation itself.CE: Do you think that if the private industry had been allowed to develop the uranium industry on the Colorado Plateau that it would have been as successful as if when the government came in?LW: Yes, I don't think the government--I think the government overdoes most things. I think if they would have established the market, I don't think34
 LARK WASHBURN #1there's any question but what private industry would have done the drilling. The government went in and drilled free and made a lot of people millionaires because they drilled for them. They drilled ground and let people stake the ground that was going to be drilled. In fact, they're going to turn around nowand what ground they did withdraw, they're going to lease it out for far less than they could get out of it because they'll listen to the big companies instead of listen to me. I wrote to Congressman Aspenall and advised him of my opinion, but it won't do much good. They're going to lease out this ground on a cash in advance royalty. Well, Union Carbide can pay $1,000,000 royalty on this block of ground in advance where if I could come along I might bid 50% royalty and pay $2,000,000 or $3,000,000, paying it out as I go. I think it's sad commentary on a government that they'll do this because it's the easy way to do it. A big company will write a check and pay it and then you can forget it. But with me they'd have to police and check on me and it would go on. I think if the government would have established market--private industry recognizes the value of a buck more than the government by far and they would have jumped in and done the drilling. That's my35
 LARK WASHBURN # 1I don't think the government needed, they for lots of these companies. They drilled thousands and thousands of dollars worth of holes.They gave it to the company and I think the companywould have done it for themselves.CE: It would have been big companies then though too,wouldn't it?LW: Oh yes, yes. The smal1 operator wouldn't have beenable to get in. I had been in mining for ten years before I bought a drill, before I got large enough I could buy a drill and I couldn't have bought a half a dozen new bits for a big drill when I first started. It would have been big companies, but basically that's about all it amounts to anyway. It would have just been a little sooner that way.CE: I have a couple of boys who are working here in Grand Junction with the Atomic Energy Commission, and they asked me this evening as we were eating dinner-- they're staying at the same house where I'm staying-- they asked me to ask you some questions about the AEC since they don't have opportunity to talk with you. Of course I asked you whether you ever were an AEC sub-contractor. You said no. I'd be interested in knowing the opinion of some of the other people you know who have been. Their opinion of the competenceopinion. drilled36
 LARK WASHBURN # 1of the AEC and how they have operated here on the Plateau.LW: Well, I don't know any opinion of anyone else but me, and I've got a pretty strong opinion on many other things, but again, my opinion would have to be again as a ---?---. I didn't have an AEC lease, but the government went in and drilled the ore and had the ore and then leased it out at only 10% royalty, which probably didn't break them even. Why didn't they charge 50% on the good part of the mine and then alesser part as the mine was less valuable and get some money back? It just wouldn't be clear out of reason for them to make a profit. I think it would be a proper thing for the government to make a profit occasionally and even try to get into black ink. They'll never do it. I think the AEC makes a lot of mistakes for two reasons: 1) it's easy to make mistakes when you've got big funds that belong to someone else, and 2) it's easy to make mistakes when you don't have experience, and no one had any experience in what they're doing. For the most part I think the AEC has done a reasonably good job except they didn't know how to go about it; they wanted to get in and get this ore out and they didn't know what to do. Just like they don't know what to do now and37
 LARK WASHBURN #1they get a lot of ten cent advice like I give them. It's pretty difficult to say you can bid, but you can't. To decide of all the bidders how shall we award it? That's why it's so easy for them to say,"We'11 award it cash in advance." That was Union Carbide or someone can write a check and buy the whole deal and forget it. But for the most part I think the AEC has been quite conscientious and quite efficient considering that they didn't know what they were trying to do. They had the men go inside and produce some uranium, and they've done real well at it. They've produced a lot of it, but they didn't hardly know how to reach that goal when they started.CE: Have you seen any new mines in the Wyoming and New Mexico area?LW: Yes, Clayhorn and I went to Wyoming and subcontracted from Petrotonics, which is a combine of the two poor outfits. One of them's Getty Oil and one is someone else, and we contracted for them for a few weeks last summer. Other than the fact that it was so interesting to go see, we would have been better offto stay home. They were pretty tough, acted like they were poor fellows. Then a number of years ago I went down to the Grants area and looked at a mine that Phillips Oil had. I've never seen ore--of course we38
 LARK WASHBURN #1didn't have big ore here. Carbide has a few mines with some big ore. But I'm sure that in all of the years that I've been mining that my ore hasn't averaged as high as this desk. Two and a half orthree feet. If you had that much ore that stayed with you, it would be good. But this mine that I looked at down at Grants had twenty and thirty feet of ore every place you looked, but the ground was bad and it was wet, wet, wet. We spent a day or two there looking at it and determined that if they would give me the mine that I couldn't break even. Overhead and operating costs were so great that I couldn't make a profit even if they give the mine to me.down to look at it to see about leasing it, and I determined that if they'd give me 100% that I couldn't pay the operating cost, it was just too--they of course got a greater price. They owned the mill right on top and they got the mill pricewhere I would have only got the raw price. A tremendous amount of ore, but I couldn't operate the mine.CE: Plenty of reserves then. LW: They're tremendous.Did you believe that?CE:LW: Well it was my decision; it was my decision. I went39
 LARK WASHBURN #1CE: Then it turned out the AEC is not going to mine them.Is that right? That will be dormant for a long timewon't it? You know what I mean?LW: Well no, this mine, they probably have mined it sinceI was there. This was owned by Phillips Oil and probably a lease from the Hatches and Topeka, Santa Fe Railroad.CE: Oh.LW: or someone, but I imagine that they have mined thatout. I've not been in any of the big new mines in New Mexico, but they have several new ones I've never seen. But this open pit was very interesting in Wyoming.CE: No radiation problems there.LW: No radiation.CE: I was reading from the Grand Junction Daily Sentinelarticles. We got this newspaper article on microfilm in preparation for this project, and during the '50s there were often articles about miners' objection to the ---?--- of the big companies. They'd say that they were not fair. Did you ever encounter anyproblems in that area?LW: No, I was quite peaceful in that way. Only a coupletimes in twenty years that I ever requested them to recheck on a load. I felt that possibly one of two40
 LARK WASHBURN #1things, either that they were honest or they weren't honest but they were smart enough that you weren't going to catch them, that they wouldn't admit that they had made a mistake by changing an ---?--- Inever did worry too much about it. I felt that basically the procedure was set up, and they had so much ore coming through that they had to follow it so that they didn't cheat the little man like so many people. I've seen people come in and stand right up and swear and scream, "You're a cheating me," but I didn't ever see that that made them any money to do that. Occasionally we've tested and set to umpire the private ore. When you're contracting for them you settle on whatever they give you. If they cheat you, they cheat you. I personally don't think that they do. I don't think Carbide will cheat you. But on private ore, the law requires them to make three samples. They boil it down to a sample this size. Then they divide it three ways. Then they send one to me and keep one and assay one. If I don't like their assay I can send mine to an umpire and if he gets a difference then I can have this one sent to another umpire, and if it's more, then they have to pay it plus the cost of the assay, and if it's less I haveto pay for the assay, you know. 41
 LARK WASHBURN #1CE: But then you get the penalty in a way, isn't it, forquestioning that it might not be--LW: I have never been concerned with that. I never feltthat--very little chance that this took place.CE: Is there anything else that you'd like to contributeto Union Carbide and their dealings with them?LW: Well, I think that just as a parting shot I'd point out again the fact that I think that Union Carbide has been extremely good for this country, both for Grand Junction and for Uravan. Even now they've taken over nearly all of the good mines and hired good men to clean up the residue that was left, [which] is rather meager. still the men they hire, they pay them good wages, they pay them bonuses and a lot of benefits and take care of them real good, and they're all the way along. I had a number of horses that I used underground in the mines there for severalyears. One old mule had been underground for quite a number of years and when they fired me--there at the Club they bought these horses from me and gave them to the Public Health Service so they could---?--- on them and see if they had lung cancer. I made fun of them then and told them that the mules didn't smoke, there's no chance they'd have 1ung cancer, and as best I know, they didn't have. But Carbide's just42
 LARK WASHBURN #1always interested in anything that will make a good name for them, and the things they do to make a good name for them help the community.CE: Well, obviously they hired you back. I never did pursue that.LW:CE: LW:CE: LW:CE:Well, they were honest enough to admit that I had done a good job for them and they needed somebody and I was back and told them I needed a job and they gave me a contract again.When? 1 65?'66. They're reasonably peaceful with me. I make funof them when I dare about this depletion thing. But it's pretty tender.Still?For them. It's pretty tender. Their lawyers, their people said that depletion is hallowed ground, that you don't walk on it. I learned the hard way.Well, I certainly do thank you for the time you've given me. I've been enlightened. Y ou're very enlightening. I wish that there was something else I could get you to talk about because I hate to let you go because I know that there's just a wealth of information inside that head of yours that needs tocome out.I don't know what it would be. I don't know what itLW:43
 LARK WASHBURN #1would be. It's comical over the years that so many mines have been shut down and opened up a hundred times. As a man gets discouraged and moved out and another moves in next week and drills one more round they find a big---?--- and big riches. Carbide had made that mistake just like a lot of the rest of us. They've moved in and out many many times, closed mines down and pulled the rails out and then had to go right back and put it right back in. The old ClubI think would support two or three men. [They] would find ore there for the next fifty years, probably. But it would be pretty tough down in that country for a lot of people. When they close it down it will be an Appalachia project of some kind.CE: I wondered about that, because that is proposed, isn't it. Closing Uravan I mean. In a year or so.LW: No, no, it won't happen. The government has these reserves that are tremendous. Carbide says they aren't too much, but what there is and what they need to keep their mill open, and I feel certain that they'll release these reserves. I think that Carbide, that country will last another 10 or 20 years and then have to stop. But the little man like me won'tget any part of this unless he wants a job, and if I can avoid it at all costs I don't want a job.44
 LARK WASHBURN #1CE: After working alone for so many years that would bedifficult, wouldn't it?LW: Yeah, I'm old and fat and lazy.CE: Oh, dear. What happens, what will happen to theminers once the stretch-out program ends and there'sreally no more demand for uranium?LW: There'11 never be a day when there's no demand foruranium. Every day ahead of us will see a greater demand. But the ore is so small in the Uravan mineral belt that vanadium is all that keeps it alive. I'd already be shut down if it weren't for vanadium. Of course the vanadium demands may go on and help a little bit for years to come, but the miners drift into new fields every day. There's somebody selling out or going broke. One little interesting story if you go to Uravan, go out to Homer Wood's Machinery Co. He, Homer Wood, is president of the Old Timer's league here in Grand Junction. Now he's an old man. But his old Homer Wood's Machinery Co.'s been right there selling mine supplies ever since the first day I went to Uravan in 1953. Back up in the dusty corners there's a little characture of two men shaking hands with their hand on each other's shoulder and one of them says to the other, "And how did you do in uranium?" And both of them have their45
 LARK WASHBURN #1lower back sides cut away. They'd both lost their ass in the uranium mines. I boarded a plane here at Walker Field recently and a fellow got on. He may have had a little bit to drink. But he had a little, made of metal, a little ore card with ore piled in it and welded together. It was all made of metal. A disabled or a retired miner in the Naturita area makes these. The stewardess was curious and said, "What in the world is that thing?" And he used some pretty strong language and said, "You careful blank, blankity-blank thing. That thing cost me $32,000." It ended up that he had been out here in the uranium fields and lost his investment and had bought that little memento for $10 to take home to remind him of his experience. There has been a lot of them come and go. Every day, right now, in the last year or two, in the last five years there have been a number of outfits come in and lose quite a lot of money and go away, and a lot of little fellows do the same thing. I wouldn't worry. The people that want a job will find one, and the people who don't will find the government. It will all take care of itself.CE: Well, what I meant, when there's no demand for uranium I meant--I realize of course that there's a very large and increasing demand for domestic uses of46
 LARK WASHBURN #1atomic energy. But I meant, once the mines in this area are depleted as apparently they are becoming, I just wondered what will happen to these people who've been working in this industry for--some of them thirty years?Well, anybody that's worked thirty years, it's about time--To stop?To stop anyway, and especially as they get a little older, it's hard work.LW:CE: LW:CE: LW:CE: LW: CE:LW:I'm sure it is.They have a tendency to drift to other fields and to do other things, and there's not a lot else to do in that area.There aren't very many farms for instance.No.I don't see any area to which one could drift--toward the big city.They drift to Grand Junction or to Montrose or to Denver or to some other foreign port, to California. They're scattered everyplace. But they kind of tend to eliminate themselves from it after a few years. Some of them stay on it for years and years, but--CE: You and DeVar have been it for thirty years, haven't you?47
 LARK WASHBURN #1LW: Well, DeVar has been in several years longer than Ihave. I must have started in '39 and have been outtwo or three years a time or, but--CE: But you're still young men.LW: Oh, I've about had it.CE: Well, I certainly thank you.LW: Sure enough.CE: It's been great.LW: Send me a copy, will you?CE: I will, you're going to get a copy. I'm going to haveyou sign an agreement in just a minute. Thank youagain.LW: Sure enough.[END OF INTERVIEW]48