 MARION E . BENEDICT Uravan, ColoradoAn Interview By Clare EngleUranium History Project Tape No. 101 Interview #1 August 6, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsBackground. ¥ 1 Experiences at Post Office During the Boom Years. 3Experiences During the '50s.His Family. ¥ Reflections on his Life at Uravan..611 ¥ 15
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MARION CONDUCTED BY CLARE ENGLE AT UNION CARBON URA V AN, COLORADO, ON AUGUST 6 , 1 9 7 0 .E. BENEDICTI FACILITY INCE: Thank you very much Mr. Benedict for taking time from your busy schedule to talk to me. I appreciate very much this opportunity. Before we talk about your particular job at the post office here in Uravan would you tell me where you were born and where you were raised and educated.MB: I was born in Iliff, Colorado on March 12, 1919, and took elementary school in the rural schools around Iliff. I went to Iliff High School. Wentone year of college at Fort Collins, at whatused to be an A and M Agriculture College at that time in 1935. That's all the schooling I've had.CE: And then what happened to you?MB: Then I went in the service, January 21, 1941 andserved in an infantry company the 45th Division from 1941 for about four years before they sent me back, and then I was in England training airforce boys to fill up the infantry companies.CE: You had entered the service before the war began.MB: Oh yes. I volunteered because my draft number wouldcome have up in the middle of the year and I was farming for myself and for my dad at the time.
 MARION E . BENEDICTAnd I decided to volunteer and get in the service and get my year over with. But it lastedfive instead, practically five.CE: Then what did you do?MB: When I come out in September 1945 I came back andfarmed around Iliff Colorado until the year 1950 with my brother and my dad and then I come over to Olathe in 1950 and bought me a little spot of my own. And in '52 I got hailed out. In December of 1952 I come over to work for Union Carbide in the mill. And the postmaster wanted out I found out and was opening a post office around May or June. I went in the post office June 19, 1953, and I've been postmaster ever since.CE: You were the postmaster right away then?MB: No I had to take a civil service test. To become apostmaster, the old regulations you had to have residency for a year and I had only been here six months. So they let me act as postmaster for six months before they gave me the test and that showed my residency, so I was here a year then. I took over the office in June, June 19, 1953 and took the test somewhere after the first year in 1954 and then I got my commission in July of1954, as postmaster.2
 MARION E . BENEDICTCE: Now this is a civil service position?MB: Yes ma'am.CE: And probably the only one in town--is that right?MB: That's right, the only one in town at present that Iknow of. There used to be some USGS employees here who were government employees back in the early ¥sos and I forget just what year when the USGS employees, when they was staking all these claims, all these government claims that they're talking about that they haven't released. They've got a lot of claims that everybody would like to get this uranium ore.CE: They talked about releasing those within about a six month period. Do you think that will happen?MB: They're talking really about in October maybe getting--CE: Now tell me about the boom years and some of the experiences you had at the post office.MB: When I first took over the post office in 1953 it was a third class office and it was really hard toget any help. Your help is allotted you on your revenue and at that time money order fees didn't count as revenue--just your box rents and stamp sales. And of course at that time we handled bonds, international money orders, postal3
 MARION E . BENEDICTsavings. It was hard to get any help because your revenue wasn't too high. And it was a year or two before I did get any help and lots of times a person's just running all the time. You know what I mean. And the boom years, that's when it started when they was sinking shafts around and the people was really coming in here,and Uravan would have been a lot larger if they had housing available. A lot of them would come to this area and give somebody their address as Uravan and there wouldn't be housing available so they would go out to the surrounding towns with their trailers and wherever they could find housing. And in 1955 through '65 this was a second class post office. And then from '65 until the present it went back to a third class office. The class of office is decided by the revenue units of your office. These revenue units are composed of at present, stamps sales and money order fees and box rents. Anything that is revenue that you get for the postoffice.CE: Tell me about what you did with mail that came in fora miner who was here for a few months and then left. I hear there are some pretty interesting4
 MARION E . BENEDICTstories in that regard.MB: Well, there has been an awful lot of people in and out of Uravan in the 17 plus years that I'vebeen in there. And we used to have stacks and stacks of mail, and of course if they leave aforwarding order you have to forward it. I mean this mail has to be delivered to them. We used to have to forward all third class mail and now unless it has got a return requested or address correction requested third class mail is automatically throwed away as junk mail. But we used to have stacks and stacks of that because miners would come and miners would go. And I mean not only miners but even some of them in the milling area. I mean it's, it's not the pleasantest white collar job--a lot of this workisn't. I mean you know. But it is good paying job. But there has been an awful lot of people come and go through the post office and we're only supposed to keep those address changes for two years, and in the meantime they're supposedto get their own. When anybody moves they're supposed to notify the publishers of the new address within three months. There's a lot ofminers and a lot of other people that just live 5
 MARION E . BENEDICThere day by day or in here day by day. They'll go a few weeks or from one payday to the next and then gone and they don't leave a forwarding order. They don't want a bill or something to catch up with them.CE: So what do you do with them?MB: You have to protect the sender just like you do theaddressee. If he has a box, the box rent's paid, that mail can stay in the box as long as you don't have to protect the sender. He's got a box paid, a box rent paid, that mail can stay in that box. But if he's in general delivery--different classes of offices have different time lengths that this mail can stay in there. A third class office, it's 15 days. So then after 15 days it's got to be marked the day it goes back, and then you return it to the sender. If he moved, moved and left no address, or lots of times we have quite a few Navajos in this area. Sometimes they leave a forwarding order and sometimes they don't and of course with a forwarding order you automatically send it right back, right away.CE: Tell me some of your experiences during the ¥sos. Even if it's not related to the post office.6
 MARION E . BENEDICTMB: Well, during in the early '50s when I was in the postoffice Christmas time I wasn't allowed much help. The post office wasn't as large as it is now and the mail come in so much and it was prosperous times, but lots of time the one clerkI had and I, lots of times I'd take my lunch to work and lots of times I'd never be able to eat my lunch. Put the mail out. The mail was stackedin there so high you could hardly even get around. A person was just that busy. That's just how busy it was. That was in the early '50s and oh, clear up through the early '60s. Then it started tapering off.CE: About a week ago I was in Moab. We were interviewing a school teacher who had been, who had lived inMoab for about 19 years. He got to that area, toMoab specifically in '52 I think it was. He saidthat because the salary was so low for a school teacher--something like 2,900 dollars a year--he worked moonlighting at the post office. He said that there were so many little companies that had been started during the boom years and so many of them had the name sun in it, and he said they were just frantically trying to identify all these companies with sun as part of the7
 MARION E . BENEDICTname. He said most of the time it was just general delivery and he said there was so much confusion that they--of course, you wouldn't have a problem like that because most of the mail was either to Union Carbide employees--is that right?MB: No, no we had quite a few leasers. Quite a few of the small leasers went bankrupt in the first few years. I mean it takes quite a lot of money, andbut they put this Sun Incorporate for income tax purpose years. I mean Incorporated. but we didhave a few leasers who lived around here in the old trailer court but it, at present we only have one that lives in the Junction. He has a trailer up there and he stays up here lease running during the week, but most of the leasers now live in Naturita and Nucla and Norwood and surrounding towns.CE: Did you have much to do with the miners?MB: Well, I've written an awful lot of money orders forminers. I mean they're transient sort of people mostly. However, they are very stable now. I mean the ones that, since it slowed down they tend to stay with their jobs a lot better than move from mine to mine or frbm company to8
 MARION E . BENEDICT company.CE: Did you take any interest in the stock market during the boom years?MB: Well, well, a person watched it, but when I quit the company to go to work in the mill I took a, took quite a cut in pay. Post office at that timewas, salary was a lot less than the industrywas. But the wage scale has caught up or even a little bit better. However, the private industry, I believe right now, has a lot better fringe benefits than the government. Their life insurance and hospital insurance in most companies is paid where ours is not. We have to pay income tax money on that first and then pay our own, practically most all of our own payment. The government does pay some of it. Back in those early years the reason I decided to go in with the government was for security reasons. I mean, you know you figure with the government you're pretty more secure. But in a mining you wonder. It closes down you close downwith it.CE: It hasn't closed down since you've been here?MB: No, it's never closed down, but you know if there's lots of rumors and then a scarcity of ore and9
 MARION E . BENEDICTdifferent things. I mean, it makes a person wonder sometimes.CE: I think it was closed from what, '45 to '48?MB: Something like that. I think she got her commissionin September--! have a commission first place where actually there had been only four postmasters and the post office had been opened up here the eleventh day of September in 1936 and Genie Morris, Genie V. Morris was the first postmaster in Uravan, Colorado and there's only been three since. There's two long time friends here of mine--Mrs. Ethel Garwood was the second postmaster and I took over from Hazel Latham in June of 1953.CE: Press Latham's wife.MB: Yes, Press Latham's wife, she was the postmaster thattook over, relieved. The first money order was written October the first, 1936 and it was made out to Montgomery Wards from a, H. Mary for two dollars and fifty seven cents.CE: Well, you have a sense of history. You've found all these things--wonderful. Do you have to keep these?MB: No, I mean there are just a few items I've run across that I did keep in the office. In fact they're10
 MARION E . BENEDICTsupposed to be destroyed but I have kept them just for my own curiosity.CE: This went to Denver. MB: Right.CE:MB:Do you think that was a Christmas present or a Christmas order?It was October. I doubt it, but the third one I think was written by C.B. Skidmore. They were realgood friends of ours when they were here and the Lathams and the Fraziers, the Gregorys, some of those people that was here, that have all retired practically . Press Latham is s till working for Carbide.I met him one day when I was up there. I spent a couple weeks up there.I see.Two and a half really. Montgomery Ward must be popular around here.Well, definitely. In those boom days we used to really get the packages. Now with the cars somuch better and the road is paved where it usedto be a trail we don't have near, and of coursethe postal rates are quite a bit higher--we don't have near the parcels that we used to have in the early '50s when the road wasn't pavedCE:MB: CE:MB:11
 MARION E . BENEDICTfrom Junction and it's a long way around.CE: I've heard about those early days and the trips on that road and I can see where it might not bevery pleasant on some of those places becauseit's really high.MB: Yeah, it used to be really rough, it really used tobe rough.CE: How often did you go to town?MB: Well, we went to Montrose because my folks lived inMontrose, quite often, maybe once or twice a month, but the road was just a trail down at the junction and it was awful rough and big rocks and stuff before the highway came in here. And then they only graded and paved a patch of it at a time and it all wasn't paved until just about five or six years ago or something like that when they completed the last stretch which was from Gateway, about half way between Gateway andWhite Water.CE: Do you have a family Mr. Benedict?MB: Yes, I have a daughter that's 23 years old and she'sworking for ~he FBI in Washington, D.C. and then I have a son that's thirteen--ten years difference. He just got back from the National Boy Scout Camp in Rayado, New Mexico. That¥s12
 MARION E . BENEDICTright out of Cimarron. It's a regular little gestapo camp but all the kids that go there really like it.CE: Why do you call it a gestapo camp?MB: They really put them through the paces and I happento be there for graduation because I had to go down and get my boy and two other boys that the troop sent down. They paid all their expenses and usually these boys are making a lot of noise and everything, but boy that night they were just as quiet as their instructors. They usually have 33, 32 to a troop and then they break them down into four patrols and all the time they was down there that two weeks they only fed them three meals. They'd bring up their food in the morning and they had to, they couldn't leave anyfood laying around or anything, they had to burn it up. One of the patrol leaders found some sausages and he made one of them carry it aroundall day in his hands. They says if they found them again they'd put them between their shirt and their pack. So they was really, really pretty strict, but most of the boys liked it. Especially my boy and one other boy from--Mr. Short's boy from Grand Junction. I don't know13
 MARION E . BENEDICTwhether the Van Gundy boy liked it too well or not, but-- [laughs]CE: MB: CE: MB:CE: MB:I know Cimarron--that's a beautiful--Isn't that beautiful country?It really lS.Cimarron, Eagle's Nest. The Questa is really a pretty little town coming back. It's more or less a ski resort. It's really pretty in there.Your son and your daughter went to school here.My daughter went all twelve years here--eight at Uravan. It used to be eight full, eight yearsand then four in Nucla, and then she started thesame college I did, thirty years later in 19--, thirty years later in '65. But I think it was mostly her and her boyfriend didn't get along so she quit and then of course, the FBI had been taking quite a few ágirls from this area or different areas. They like the girls from the West and she went to work for them. And they're supposed to, when they sign up they're supposed to work for them a year, and she kept--once they get these girls in there, everybody else like totake them away, because they've been cleared, see. And they tried to get her out and I told her she should stay at least a year and she14
 MARION E . BENEDICTstayed eighteen months and she quit and went to work for another company and then she quit that company and got married. Now she's back working with the FBI again.CE:MB:CE: MB:Do you think the schools at Uravan are adequate? Were you happy during the time your daughter was in school, for instance?I think they were adequate. At present my boy isn't in Uravan. You probably know that.Why, I know that they're in junior high is Naturita. No, my, see I moved my family. My family lived here for fourteen years and I moved the wife to Grand Junction. And I bought a house for--my boy's pretty sharp. He's not athletically inclined atall and I wanted to get him in little better schools. My daughter, she well, should get them in better schools. Especially in high school. So that's where--That's your prerogative.Well, and I live in a trailer now up there in back, do the week and come home on weekends. However,my post office comes first, if I have to work on Saturdays. I'm not supposed to, a postmaster ina third class office. But it's pretty rough whenthe clerk's just part time help. If they want toCE: MB:15
 MARION E . BENEDICTgo out on a weekend with their husbands then I work on Saturday--trade off with them.CE: Do you have trouble finding help?MB: No, I don't have any trouble finding help. There'sbeen all kinds of people, women that want to work part-time because, that's all I have is part-time work. At one time, when I was a second class office I used to have four part-timeclerks. Now I have two and I hardly used either one of them. In fact, I had to call somebody in today so I could come down for this interview.CE: Today? That was very kind of you.MB: That's all right.CE: Is there anything you'd like to say about Uravan andyour life here these many years that you feel would be of value to a student who's studying the story of a company town?MB: Well, you have a lot of close fellowship and you get to know everybody. I mean it's just like any other town. You have your good points and yourbad points I suppose. Some of it would outweighthe good and some of it would outweigh the bad. You've got a lot of cheap housing which hasn't went up with the inflated prices, which housing has really went up in other areas. I think as16
 MARION E . BENEDICTfar as little country schools, and not really country schools but little town schools and the high school I think it compares favorable with other schools of its size. So I think theCE: MB: CE:MB:CE: MB: CE: MB:schooling and we had had some very excellent doctors in this little company town.I've talked to a couple of them.You have.I talked with Dr. Ellingwood at length. I'm sure you remember him.Yeah, that's who I had reference to, but he's--[laughing]He still has a mustache, right?Hair down to here. He got that cut off.No, was his hair long?That's what they tell me. I haven't seen him. I like, they were both together, Dr. Ellingwood and Dr. Madison here for awhile. And I think they'reboth real, real good doctors. Of course we hadDr. Burnham, Dr. Acres and Dr. Ellingwood and Madison and Sears and now we have Baywood.You have a new doctor.Yes, there's been an awful lot of salary people come through here--transferred and worked up. You getto know a lot of Carbide people. They're a 17CE:MB:
 MARION E . BENEDICTcorporation. They come in and transfer out. Of course they replace those and there's been an awful lot of people come and go since the time that I've been here.CE: You probably know more of these people than anyone as a result of the particular job you have.MB: Yes ma'am. Because lots of time, they'll come to me. I'm not supposed to let out a lot of information; only in emergencies or something. Imean even the company officials didn't know whenthey got leasers out here. There used to be Golden Cycle Lease, La Salle Lease. That would be when the company would purchase it an a lot of these lived in this area that worked for VCA or Climax too, which Carbide didn't have no connection with at all. They have their leases and claims intermixed but they actually got, receive their mail here in Uravan, Colorado.CE: I certainly do thank you Mr. Benedict--I appreciate your having come down.MB: Thank you.CE: Y ou're welcome.MB: It's been a pleasure. [END OFINTER VIEW]18