 MARKE. SHIPMAN Grand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By Richard GibbsUranium History Project Tape No. 103July 23, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 BackgroundOpinion of the AEC. Were Miners Cheated Safety Specifications. AEC's Leases . .Ore16 Samples? . . 11 15 18Table of Contentson
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MARK E . SHIPMAN, CONDUCTED BY RICHARD G I B B S , A T 1 1 2 9 COLORADO A VENUE, GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO, ON JULY 23, 1970.RG:MS:Well, first of all Mr. Shipman, I'd like you to give me a little of your background, when you firstcame in contact with the uranium business andhow.I was going to the Colorado School of Mines in 1948 as a student. There was a very close friend there who was doing his graduate thesis work on uranium deposits, in particular pitchblende deposits on the front range along the Denverarea. I helped him with several field projects, visiting old mines, not commercial quantities but hand specimens, at least of high grade uranium were known to occur. We gathered these in the field and Jim did this work in the laboratory and later concluded with his thesis on the subject.When did you first enter the uranium business? Full-time in 1953.In what capacity was this?I started out on a consulting basis working withvarious companies, largely concerned with the valuation of the mining properties they held and often times in connection with potential stock issues.RG: MS: RG: MS:
 MARKE. SHIPMANRG: Were you familiar with any of the geological work inore reserve reports that had been done beforeyou entered the business?MS: Yes, I've studied quite a few of them. Partly working with this friend on his work; partly as a matter ofinterest, and I did spend about six weeks doing nothing but visiting mines and talking to various operators.RG: Are you familiar with the Webber Report that was doneby the Union Mines Development Company? MS: No I'm not.RG: Well, during this early period the Shinarump and the Chinle formations were ignored as uranium bearing, as a uranium bearing reserve, and I was wondering if you could tell me why this has been ignored for so many years considering the amount of reserves it did contain.MS: Well, I can't say exactly why--you say it had been ignored. The Happy Jack mine, of course, the Cooper brothers bought that originally as a copper mine before uranium became of value commercially, and it was known to contain high grade uranium. The reserves were not established at that time and in the case of the Mi Vida Mine, it was my understanding that Charlie Steen was actually trying to drill behind the outcrop where mineralization containing uranium did occur in the Cutler formation. The real significance of his find was that this2
 M A R K E . SHIPMANdefinitely established that there were various sizeable reserves in the Chinle formation.RG: What company did you work for in 1953?MS: I was operating as an individual consultant on anindividual basis.RG: What companies did you work for then in that case?Did you work for many of the big companies--?MS: No, it was largely either fellows who had hadproperties that wanted to do additional exploration work in the interest of getting into production. At that time, of course, the initial production bonus prevailed and it was of key interest that there could be enough reserves to produce the first ten thousand pounds within the time allocated for the initial production bonus program. And as I said there were cases where individuals had invested in certain properties, but it was a matter of determining ore reserves and preparing geological reports partly for their own personal interest and partly for the purpose of being used for the so-called penny stock issues, and so forth, of that day. Personally I did not have any stock interests of any kind which I promoted. It was only a matter that they had to have the geological report in3
 MARKE. SHIPMANorder to present their issue for consideration.RG: Did you work on any large ore reserves during this period for any individuals?MS: Yes, in one case it since produced very substantially and it consisted of approximately 600 nonpatented claims and approximately 604 acresof deeded ground which carried the mineral rights, all of which were located in the heartof the Uravan Mineral Belt. The owner of the patented ground located the nonpatented claims at the fringes of his patented ground, and later came out with a very successful stock issue on the basis of the report I submitted.RG: Uh huh. Could you tell me the name of that company? MS: The name became Eula Belle, spelled E-u-1-a,B-e-1-1-e Uranium Company.RG: Now what type of work did you do? What type of exploration did you do? Did you drill or--what was involved?MS: Yes, most of it was drilling. In those days we didvery little drifting underground work, even very little underground drilling to determine ore reserves or to do exploration work. Quite often the drilling was shallow and was the most economical way to explore for areas behind any4
 MARKE. SHIPMANknown outcrops or occurrences of uranium, and so usually it was a matter of setting up the drilling program and then following through on the evaluation of those drill results is a partof my consultant service. This also was done on several occasions in connection with the Defense Mineral Exploration Assistance Program or the so-called the DMEA program has since been followed by the OME program, Ore Assistance for Mineral Exploration. Which in my opinion, incidentally is a very worthwhile program because it does provide government assistance for exploration for strategic minerals and allows the operator to conduct that exploration at an actual cost basis to the government and yet those funds are repaid in the event the program is successful and repaid out of production in such a manner that the operator can afford to go ahead and operate the property and still repay the loan. So I think in general it's, it's a very worthwhile type of program. And it is unfortunate that the policies to conduct that program are too stringent, in my opinion, because it does limit certain worthwhile projects which can't be improved5
 MARKE. SHIPMANbecause of limitations of appropriated funds. Excuse me for being sidetracked a little. I thought it might be interesting to comment.RG: Uh huh. Speaking of government, what is your opinion of AEC?MS: Without reservation and without qualification, I think the Grand Junction Operations office ofthe Atomic Energy Commission has done a very commendable job. The Circular Five program was conceived and put into effect at a time whentime was of the essence, at a time when we tended to forget that we critically, from the national standpoint, needed uranium ore reserves for our national security. And by and large the Circular Five program was realistic to the operator and provided realistic incentives and realistic prices and along with that the initial, the AEC program provided for exploration over and above that which the private company normally wouldn't conduct in order to prove up areas. They provided data to one and all as to various anomalies that had been detected by ground and airborne methods, and as rapidly as could be expected, they developed maps and trends and regional concepts6
 MARKE. SHIPMANand were quick to change ideas as new areas developed. They were early in the game, as an example to your previous question, inrecognizing the value of the Chinle and Shinarump formations, and did not hesitate to go into these new fields. I think in general they have done a commendable job.RG: What do you think about some of the independent miner's claims that the AEC people in the early years didn't really have a feel or particularlyhigh, or were not particularly highly competentin the field of uranium and uranium mining?MS: I'm not sure I understand your question Dick. Let meparaphrase your question. You' re implying that the, some of the personnel were not perhaps fully qualified, that were employed by the AEC and doing field and office work? Is that the question?RG: Uh huh. Some of the early miners claim they were incompetent.MS: Well, I think we better give credit where credit is due. As my answer then to the question as I paraphrased it--if we think back to previous reports there was very little information, for instance, on the potential concerning uranium in7
 MARKE. SHIPMANregards to, as example, the Chinle and Shinarump formations. There was virtually no information available. For instance in the cretaceous formations, the Grants, New Mexico area or the ---?--- limestone. So how could we hold those people not qualified if in fact everybody was learning together. I think they were qualified as one could be. You become qualified by, it seems to me two methods. One is that you take advantage of any previous information use it for all it's worth, and certainly you become qualified by experience in the field. There were occasions where I think perhaps people were unfair. They expected somebody in the Atomic Energy Commission to know things that just were not known at that time. I think this is borne out by the fact that the uranium reserves that we came up with, and by we, I mean the government working with private industry--the total reserves we collectively came up with far exceeded our fondest expectations and they continue to do so today. Some of the things we're discovering today are based on things that were difficult to work out. Surely we recall the difficulty of establishing the ore reserves in8
 MARKE. SHIPMANthe Gas Hills area, Wyoming, which has been a very substantial producing area. Yet there was a day that it defied the very best of supervisionand the very best of available equipment to whip the problem of equilibrium in the ores. One time you get, have a high count and no chemical content and vice versa. The problem of drilling it became extremely difficult with the equipment then available and it took time to work these things out. But even such stringent methods as using co2 gas and freezing the core in place while it was drilled using diesel fuel as the transporting medium. Expedients of this type worked out partly by industry, partly by government. Information I think was freely exchanged and in order that everyone could benefit from what we were learning. At the beginning I think it can be said that there was a lot to learn. It has always absolutely amazed me that Mr. Coffin from the Colorado Bureau of Mines could visit the Colorado Plateau deposits, specifically what is now known as the Uravan Mineral Belt and write such a qualified report as he did in 1923 and 1924 for Colorado Bureau of Mines. His concept, his understanding as to9
 MARKE. SHIPMANthe character and distribution and methods for prospecting which is established in his report are perfectly valid today and after the millions of dollars and millions of man hours that have been spent, his work has borne a test all the way. There were not many of those reports available and had we known that what we know now we would have simply taken his report and said,in effect, this is the way to do it, and we would have saved a lot of fumbling around had we known to do so. When the uranium first became of commercial value in many cases he had the properties listed, he described them, told just how to get there. He had no way at all in knowing what the total reserves were really going to become because he had no way to drill behind the outcrop and get lateral distribution or later knowledge of the ore bodies. But he had darn sure walked the outcrops and used the old gold leaf to know that there's uranium there, and let's not forget the fact that he knew there was vanadium there too.RG: I understand you're a mine operator now, and you have some claims of your own now?MS: Yes.10
 MARKE. SHIPMANRG: Where are you working your claims now?MS: We're working on a topographic area known as BeaverMesa located due west of Gateway, Colorado, nine and half miles by road or three miles by air west of here.RG: Have you ever had any contact with the uranium sampling process of the mills in the area?MS: Of what area?RG: Of this area. Of the Colorado Plateau, during theearly period or up to today.MS: Yes, I've had intimate contact with the drillingprograms using probe equipment and chemical analysis of ores that were recovered. I've been through the various mills to see their sampling plant and techniques. Maybe there's a specific question you have in mind. Obviously if I was doing consultant and evaluation of ore reserves I had to be in contact with the sampling procedures and methods and have an idea of the rate of liability of those results, yes.RG: Well, I've talked to Martin Gaines out at the AEC compound who was in charge of ore sampling during the early years and often, well, duringthis period many of the miners, independent miners claimed that they were being cheated on11
 MARKE. SHIPMANtheir ore samples--that they thought their ore samples, their ore was of higher grade than what they were being paid for and I was wondering if you were--well, Martin Gaines said this would be impossible. And I was wondering if as an independent miner, what's your feeling about the matter would be?MS: Well, I have some very definite feelings on that score. First of all, when all of us first gotinto the uranium business we had a lot to learn about this question of equilibrium, and it was compounded by the fact that at that time we didn't have full confidence, and many times justifiable so, in the equipment we had to electronically determine the actual grade of theore even by radiometric methods. So, here we are stumbling around with a counter that may or may not be telling us the right answer and stumbling around with a lack of confidence that this is absolutely the answer and in many cases the miners did not understand this question of equilibrium. They were inclined to take the results of the counter which read as an example, fifty hundredths of one percent and they were not willing to accept the fact that because of12
 MARKE. SHIPMANequilibrium conditions perhaps in fact there was twenty hundredths of one percent contained U-308in that ore and the immediate reaction was then, blame the mill. Don't blame yourself. Blame the mill. They're robbers. So through misunderstanding, through lack of knowledge, and in cases due to an unwillingness to accept thefacts of life the mills were blamed as cheating the miner. This is going to happen, as the second answer to your question, so long as there are people mining and shipping ore on a custom basis to a mill which is not directly tied to that particular mine. There is always going to be the miner that is going to deprive the mill. It has happened in the case of base metals since there has been a mine and mill and goodness knows that proceeded the uranium business by a long shot, but I've heard this story repeatedly that the mill or the smelter will rob you, and they don't sit down to look at their schedules in the beginning. All they want to do is say it's worth so many dollars a pound whereas the, in the case of base metals the smelter establishes schedule and they tell you if in the case of a complex lead-zinc if the copper13
 MARKE. SHIPMANdoesn't run so much they're not going to pay you for copper. And still the miner is inclined to say--huh, we're not getting paid for copper--or a more classic example--we're not getting paid for zinc. What can they expect if this is the agreement they had when they shipped that ore to the smelter. So again, the smelter and the mills are unfairly criticized in many cases. I would support the opinion of Martin Gaines that I would hate to be caught in the position of an operating mill where I had to tell my people, that go ahead and cheat these guys deliberately. Give them a low assay. I'd hate to be caught in a position of having to do that, and I don't think it's done. I think they do their level best to get a fair sample. There are things like moisture content again that, it's not an exact science this sampling business. All you can dois your level best. It's not exact in the sense of a mathematical equation. But I think that if the miners would take their time and I have yet to see it favor what the mills would welcome the miners and go and go through the whole procedure. Even follow his lot of ore right through the time it's received, the moisture14
 MARKE. SHIPMANsample is taken. They allow private consultants to do this. It's a matter of fact, the mills welcome them to do it. They have a consultant right at the mill and represent that shipper and make the representation between the seller andthe buyer. So I don't know that there could be a more fair system then that. And that system, in particular, the willingness of the mills to let the miner follow his whole batch of ore through the procedure, the fact that that's always been welcome, it's as fair as can be done.RG: Now, you mentioned that, I mentioned that you had a mine and were an independent operator, now I was wondering if you're familiar with the safety specifications required by the Bureau of Healthand Bureau of Mines today because of radondaughter danger?MS: Yes, I'm aware of the standards that are required andI'm aware of the things that we have to do in order to attempt to achieve those standards. I would elaborate if you would care me to do so on the question of whether or not all of this is justified, but that's beyond your question right now.RG: That's what I want to know--whether you think it's 15
 MARKE. SHIPMAN warranted or not?MS: I think that we have made too much out of this ecological environmental business. I think therehave been people involved in it who should have never been involved with it in the first place.And I personally am all for health and safety for the miners. I'm proud that in our own mine we've worked well over a million mine hours without a serious accident or without any serious health problems. We have fellows that have been in this business for twenty years and they've worked under far more severe conditions than we're allowed to tolerate today, and yet they're a specimen of health and I would hate to meet in an angry mood or a dark alley at night. The question of dust is a very serious question and fortunately we're not plagued with that problem on our present operation. There is no question in my mind but there could well be a direct correlation between dust conditions and perhaps even radiation aspects. It's ridiculous to me that right today we can go to other parts of the country and we can pay to go to a health mine and get a one hour exposure, where that mine operator can show by his statistics that he16
 MARKE. SHIPMANhas gathered over the years that one person out of four does benefit regarding arthritis and those types of related diseases, and yet I come back to our own mine which contains exactly thesame kind of radon and radiation situations and we find ourselves with expenses increasing month by month in order to reduce the radon count. This is a hidden thing and perhaps we're too prone in this case to criticize. Perhaps I am. Maybe I'm not giving the health program a fair shake when I say that it is being overdone. But I do know that there are many examples where we have very healthy men that have been working in these mines for years and I've yet to see where it can be directly related to claim radon count, radon by itself perhaps, associated with dust or such conditions, yes. By itself I don't see where it's in the proportion that they're making it to be.RG: How often is your mine inspected by the, for the equipment?MS: We' re inspected a minimum of twice a month. inspected by qualified personnel of the Colorado Bureau of Mines. We maintain records on each individual employee as to what the average radonWe' re17
 MARKE. SHIPMANcount has been for the month in the area in which he has been working, the number of hours he's been in that working area, and the mine inspector is authorized to shut the mine down if we do not attain certain standards, in particular if we do not show a high degree of cooperation in attempting to achieve those ends.RG: Have you ever been involved in an operation that was either closed down or the Bureau of Mines threatened to close?MS: I've not been directly involved with that situation. Although I do have personal knowledge of those situations.RG: Would you like to relate a few of those?MS: Well, as a typical example, this one operator wasreally making no effort to improve his ventilation system and was making no effort towards other safety aspects as well, and in the absence of the operator trying to do something to achieve reasonable standards, the mine inspector did tell him to shut the mine down until such standards were achieved. In this regard, I think, the mine inspector was correct because he was trying to be cooperative, yet he was firmly insistent that any substandard18
 M A R K E . SHIPMANconditions regarding health and safety were achieved in the mine before it was operated.Are you familiar at all with any of the leases given by the AEC on withdrawn lands?RG:MS:I'm familiar with the procedure on which the leases were based and I'm somewhat familiar with the total reserves that have been mined from thoseleases in several cases. I have not personally been concerned with the actual operation of the lease, or my information comes from close association with those people who did hold a lease with the AEC and in many cases I have--I say many, there weren't that many leases so perhaps I shouldn't use the term many, but in at least a fair percentage of the AEC leases I have visited the underground workings. So in general I'm familiar with the program that the AEC did set up for mining those reserves.Do you think the AEC practice, the practices they used in choosing the people who would get the leases was fair?Yes, I think that it was done on as fair a basis as one can make it. It was done on a bid basis and there were advertisements before the leases weregranted. I don't know of any unfair practices 19RG:MS:
 MARKE. SHIPMANthat were used in leading up to the actual grant of the lease.RG: Which of the leases are you familiar with, with the workings and reserves that were mined from them?MS: Oh, the two best examples would be the Worchester lease on the Delores Bench just north of Uravanand also what was generally known in the industry as the Golden-Cycle lease which joinedthe Worchester lease, and I was in general familiar with the La Sal lease west of Uravan,and I've known several other lease operatorssuch as down in the Slick Rock area, but again I haven't been personally involved in the conductof those leases.RG: What was the quality of the ore mined from theW orchester lease for example?MS: Oh, Johnny Hill shipped 25 and 30 hundredths for along time there. He's a very good operator, and it ended up he mined far in excess of the original ore reserve estimates on the property. It was a typical Uravan Mineral Belt type deposit which contained both uraniumvanadium.RG: How many tons of ore did he mine from that lease? Doyou have any idea?20and
 MARKE. SHIPMANMS: No, I wouldn't hazard a guess at the last. I was moreconcerned in the earlier part of it, but I do know the reserves mined out well in excess of the original estimate, and so here again we look back and we say there's a nice plum. Back when they had to sink the Worchester shaft and start from scratch with limited data, I imagine there were days when that plum didn't look quite sogood then.RG: In 1955 there was some hearings held concerning theAEC leasing program. I'm wondering if you're familiar with those?MS: I'm not sufficiently familiar. I just know in general they were held in regard to and as result of certain questions that were raised about that time. There were bids that were submitted whichhad not been accepted. I believe that this was part of the program, part of the investigation and on the other hand, I find no reason to question this procedure. It's perfectly common in leasing business or any kind of a bid situation, whether the government or private companies are involved, to accept or reject any and all bids that are submitted and duly advertised and everyone gets a shot at it, why21
 M A R K E . SHIPMANthen it ' s up to the owner or controller to accept or reject this. I think in all cases that I can think of the AEC did finally select the bid wherein they did get qualified operators to operate the lease. And I think they're to be commended for their selections in this regard, regardless of what accusations might have been made, they did get good operators and they got good efficient total recovery from the leases so long as they were in effect.RG: Well, okay. I don't think I have any more questions to ask you specifically. I was wondering if youhad anything to add that you might think wouldbe of interest or value to our project.MS: Since you're thinking of the Atomic Energy Commission program, and following up on your last question where you were talking about previous leases, I thought you might raise the question of future leases on ground which is still withdrawn by theAEC. Would you like me to elaborate my thoughtson that?RG: Yes, would you please.MS: At the present time there are a number of tractswhich remain on a withdrawn status by the Atomic Energy Commission. These have a history which in22
 MARKE. SHIPMANmany regards is similar to those blocks which the AEC did previously lease. Some of those blocks after it became fairly well determinedthat we were going to have sufficient uranium, the Commission decided to not make additional AEC leases. So they withheld and have continued to withhold those withdrawn blocks. The early days though, doing limited drilling on them or at least withdrawing tracts in very criticallylocated areas, that history was similar all the way up to the point where we were satisfied we had enough uranium and in the interest of contending with AEC Circular Five program and allowing industry to satisfy the needs based on ore reserves explored and developed up to that time, the Commission, I think rightfully so, decided not to make additional leases. So today, then, it becomes a question as to what the Atomic Energy Commissioners are willing to do with these withdrawn blocks; what disposal are they going to make of them. As I see the picture today, the allocation system will be completely terminated December 31, of this year. So that in the foreseeable future there will be no market for uranium ores other than as is determined and23
 MARKE. SHIPMANpredicated on a contract basis between the processors of the crude ore and elements of private industry; so that this then puts us in a position of a complete shift in market so far as uranium ores are concerned. There, of course, is competition. This is the way it should be. Thisis the way this country was built and when we take away the elements of competition and individual incentive we've destroyed the thing that has made this country what it is and thank God we still have it that way, at least to some extent. The impression is given to me that the AEC would like to restore these withdrawn blocks as soon as an equitable way can be determined as to how to do it. The AEC in effect is in a position of a landowner because they are in a position of controlling what disposition is going to be made of these blocks and yet they have to have a dual role because they have to have a continuing requirement for the environmental aspects, both as a monitor of these programs and also as a landowner, so they have a dual question to consider. I think it can be worked out so that these blocks can be worked, even at a time when we do have24
 MARKE. SHIPMANsufficient uranium in production--capability to satisfy the law of supply and demand within private industry--because the amount of uranium that we're talking about contained in these blocks is but a fractional percentage or atleast a fairly small percentage of the total known ore reserves in the domestic United States. I think we tend to miss the boat entirely when we fail to consider the very valuable aspect of the vanadium content in these ores, and I think in this regard we should recall first of all that the Colorado Plateau deposits containing uranium and vanadium, provide the only economic source of vanadium besides the one in Arkansas which Union Carbide has in very recent years has put on stream. These are the only known real sources of domestic vanadium, and other than that we rely on imports from South Africa and so forth to provide this essential cornmodity. Certainly we can't make our high quality, high tensile tool steels and that sort of thing if we don't have anything to do with it. Vanadium has never been in the category of uranium, so that in this case the Atomic Energy Commission is continuing to25
 MARKE. SHIPMANwithhold these blocks even though the vanadium content is critical particularly if for anyinternational reason our import source should be shut off we would have no real source of vanadium in this country. And it's never been in the category of being withheld--that is the vanadium--being withheld as a critical national mineral. So there's every reason that these blocks should be withheld. I don't see where it's going to upset the apple cart as we swing into this private market situation so far as the uranium is concerned and yet it will provide a basis for continued exploitation of the deposits which contain this dual metal, so far as the vanadium is concerned. I think it should be on the bid basis. There's no way to let a fair lease unless it is predicated on a bid and the Grand Junction AEC' s operation office has already indicated that they are contemplating setting these bids up so that the small miner as well as the large companies that have mills already established--anyone and everyone has an opportunity to bid and if the actual completion of the bid and acceptance is not too rigorous for what the individuals, individual miner does26
 MARKE. SHIPMANhave a chance to go ahead with it. They're contemplating a period of time before the full amount of the bid on any cash basis would haveto be submitted so he would have tlme to become intimately familiar with the block that he has to operate over a period of 18 months, perhaps even three years, if that time is required to find out exactly what he does have before he's committed to come up with any cash payment. And I see no reason if that individual is truly qualified to operate a mine of this type and is experienced in this type of ore, there is no reason if he is financially capable himself in going all the way if he can at least take it to the point where there are proven valuable deposits on the property. Certainly he can go out just as he would if he owned any other type of business; once he knows he's got something to mine at a profit, he can go out and get financial assistance and I'm sure the AEC would not object to this procedure. In that manner why that individual still has a chance to get at it. I think it's critical that we all remember that we are swinging into an entirely different market situation and if we are to survive as an27
 MARKE. SHIPMANindustry at all, in the Colorado Plateau area we do have to remember it's going to be predicated on both uranium and vanadium and we are going to have to remember that it's far better off to be with a limited a number of mills who have a strong market position rather than arbitrarily demanding an X number of mills just to say that if we don't have X number of mills then the mills will take advantage of the miner. I think that this has already been demonstrated, the full intent by one of milling companies that they would if these blocks were restored buy up to fifty percent of their milling capacity provided that the total amount of uranium recovered would not exceed or excuse me, the total amount of uranium and vanadium would not exceed their market position to market those products, to concentrate from the crude ore. Naturally under private industry we could not expect the mills to buy more ore than they could market, because they're just like everybody else. They as well have to have a cash flow asthey go along. But they are willing to allocate up to fifty percent of their own capacity even at the expense of reducing production on their28
 MARKE. SHIPMANcaptive or company owned properties in order that there will be assurance that the small miner will have a market for his product. So I think with this kind of cooperation indicated within the rank and file of the industry, I think there can be a very logical procedure tooperate these withdrawn blocks. I don't think the land should be just arbitrarily thrown open for location because it's no longer in the category of being within the spirit of locating a claim under the old 1872 mining laws. These blocks in some cases already have ore reserves drilled out. In practically every case, even in the absence of drilling today, they are located on well known trends and it almost goes without saying that there's going to be some ore on each of these blocks. Here again the value of the block is somewhat indeterminate at the present time, because in many cases or in virtually all cases the drilling was done in a day when we did not have the equipment, we did not have the experience that we have now. It was done under very adverse conditions where time was of the essence, and so it is only logical and natural that some of the data, that we, that is29
 MARKE. SHIPMANavailable is rather skimpy information, so that no prudent geologist or mining engineer can take the data and say this is what reserves can be mined off of this.The data isn't available and it's the very basic nature of the properties themselves being small discontinuous ore bodies situated in a very particular type of sandstone. This type of ore deposit does not readily lend itself to calculation of ore reserves in advance. It canonly determine favorable areas based on criteria which have been gathered in large measure by empirical methods and use those criteria to place a very professional judgment as to the potential of the ground. But even today in our own property we're, we have drilled thousands of feet on the surface and drilled upwards of two hundred thousand feet upon the ground, diamond drill core, even today that we find we have to continue this drilling right in immediate conjunction with mining just to find new little spots of ore. When you're looking for a target in a classic example, which was a particular highly mineralized tree four foot in diameter at the butt and one foot in diameter at the top and30
 MARKE. SHIPMANa hundred feet long and barren ground all the way around it. It, granted located in afavorable country, but the particular tree mined out for about three hundred and fifty thousand dollars. So there is a very special type of evaluation required for this type of ore deposit, and in large measure unfortunately it has to be done based on experience factors. But getting back to the original question, yes, I think the AEC should announce as soon as possible that they will restore all the withheld blocks that resulted from appropriately controlling the amount of uranium that was to be offered for sale under the AEC initial program. The Circular Five program and what resulted into the Circular Eight program which was the one that had to do with those leases that were granted. I think that the AEC should make that announcement so industry has an opportunity to begin to plan towards that end, and that there should be a continuation of the meetings such as Mr. Faulkner recently held in Grand Junction to entertain ideas from miners and millers alike as to how this could best be done. This should be followed up to the point where the very best31
 MARKE. SHIPMANprogram possible can be worked out and then without any further ado let bids be received by the AEC for operation of these withheld blocks and let it be under a program that would use itfor at 1east a guide1ine, the Circular program because I think that was for all practical purpose a very fair program and a very realistic one and I see no reason why it won't fit the pattern for this situation where we now arefaced with the type of market situation and let the government in this case be the lessor and set the leases up on a normal royalty basis. So long as the lessee operates the property in a safe and proper manner and does all he can to extract the ore. Then these properties are made available for the vanadium content and there is a return of the government money which has already been spent in acquiring these grounds and doing what exploration has already been done. These are taxpayers dollars and in this case I think they should be returned by ore recovered and produced from the properties.RG: Okay, thank you very much Mr. Shipman. [END OF INTER VIEW]32