 WALTER LIVINGSTON Grand Junction, Colorado Tape No. 94An interview by Richard Gibbs and Clare EngelAmerican West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 TABLE OF CONTENTSBackground and early mining experience. 1Theories of uranium deposits. 7 Sources of uranium. 11 Union Mines Development Company 12 Patent for leaching uranium ore 15 The Union Mines Development Company in theMorrison Formation 20 Deposition of uranium 24 The Manhatten Project 27 People in the industry. 31 Uranium deposits on Temple Mountain 33 Union Mines survey of Morrison Formation. 34 Livingston's in situ leaching process 35 Equipment used in the in situ leaching process. 44
 [ THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH WALTER LIVINGSTON, CONDUCTED BY RICHARD GIBBS AND CLARE ENGLE AT MR. LIVINGSTON'S HOME IN GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO, ON JULY 23, 197 0 .]CE: Thank you very much, Mr. Livingston, for inviting us into your home. We appreciate very much the opportunity to talk with you about something we consider a very important time, the era of the metals reserve and then the Union Mines Development Company period. As you know, my particular topic is Union Carbide Corporation in this project, and Richard Gibbs is working with the Atomic Energy Commission on the [Colorado] Plateau. Before we begin with our questions regarding the Union Mines Development Company, would you tell us please where you were born and where you were educated?WL: Yes, I was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. I moved to California when I was about twelve years old after going to grade school in Salt Lake City; then went to high school in Glendale, California. I completed high school in Chino, California which is not too far away from Glendale, and then I went to college at Colorado School of Mines where I graduated in miningengineering and then went out into the field tobecome a mining engineer.CE: When was this, Mr. Livingston?WL: I graduated in '33, but prior to my graduation I had
 W AL TER L I V I N G S T O N # 1already begun to work in the mines. So at the time of my graduation which was in the middle of the depression I was quite fortunate to be established with a mining company and also to be a gold miner rather than some other kind of a miner. Gold miners had work to do, and other kinds of miners didn't have anything to do, and most other people didn't have anything to do. In Alaska we were extremely busy and gold mining was booming. I became chief design engineer for Alaska Juno Gold Mining Company, and my wife and I were married there. She's from California and she came up to Alaska. We were married in Alaska.CE: What was it like in Alaska during the thirties?WL: Alaska was--it was really a booming place. It's just hard to appreciate the difference between Alaska in those days and the states. We had an economy completely based on gold mining. Alaska is a youthful, growing country and the people over thereat the time I was were all pioneer type people, and we certainly enjoyed ourselves immensely. We loved the Alaskans. After having brought my experience up to a point where I felt that in order to make any additional progress I had to broaden myself a bit. I came back to the United States and started working in the gold mines in Nevada, and then I became mine2
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1superintendent of a mine in Virginia City. And this wall picture that you see behind me is the house I lived in Virginia City. This is John Mackey's old house.CE: How did you manage that? How did you manage to find that? It's beautiful.WL:CE: WL: CE: WL:Oh, my wife found it when we were---?--- Just coincidentally?Just completely coincidentally.Isn't that marvelous!This is the house that Mackey lived in. He made all his money in gold and silver mining. Here's his house. This is Bob Davidson and his mine is right back here behind the house at the foot of Mount Davidson. And that was the mine that I worked in gold mining, learned a bit about open-pit mining whereas previously I had been mining underground.What was your function as--what were your duties as mining superintendent?Well, we had an open-pit mine where we were getting most of our ore, and I was in charge of the production. I had to see that the ore was delivered to the mill everyday and that the development work was done. So that we could find new ore to replace the ore that we mined each day. And, of course, thisRG:WL:3
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1was all part of the training I had been receiving in my earlier experience, so that this was not reallynew to me. I left Virginia City to go to Climax in Lisbon where I learned something about another kind of mining--block caving, and I also learned about blasting. That work perhaps meant the beginning of what eventually developed into my real career. At that time the Philippine mining boom had just begun, and there were good jobs in the Phi1ippines. The depression wasn't completely over here yet, so my wife and I went to the Philippines and spent five years there where I was first chief engineer and geologist and then later assistant general superintendent for ---?--- Mining Company. I was extremely fortunate to get out of the Philippines before the war started. And in getting out of there I made one of the best decisions in my life, although what it really meant was that I had to start all over again. My assistant general superintendent of mines went back to the states believing the Philippines would be attacked, and predicting that it would be, my friends thought I was off my rocker a little bit. But I'd travelled around the Philippines, and I had been in Japan. I saw the German boats tied up inJapan, saw the Japanese influx into Manila because4
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1each month I had to report to my company in Manila, and I always stayed at the same hotel and I watched the change in clientele in that hotel and felt thatit could only mean one thing and I was right.CE: How did you happen to be able to leave?WL: When I saw this coming, most of the ships had beentaken off of world travel, and there was only the U.S. boats on then. The war now was already going in Europe.CE: That was in about 1940?WL: Yes, we came back in '40. And so I didn't want toleave my job because I though I had too good a job, but I didn't want to risk my wife and my son. And I asked a friend of mine if he would get me passage, get me two tickets. I wasn't very specific about it. I just said get me two tickets to go home. I gave notice to my company. But it took him nearly three months to get those two tickets. That's how hard it was. He was in a rather influential position to be able to get them at all. He called me up one day and I was in my office. He said I got three tickets for you and I knew I'd only asked him for two, but he knew my family and he thought I'd need, I'd made a mistake. And so I decided right, then right over the telephone. In the meantime conditions were getting5
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1worse. I gave notice to my company and it still took six weeks after I'd give my period of notice that was proper; six weeks after that time, before we could leave the Philippines. When we left Manila, if you can believe it or not, this was nearly a year before war broke out here, Pearl Harbor. And we travelledfrom Manila to Honolulu with the lifeboats and davits and fully provisioned. And we were greatly relieve when we got to Hawaii because the navy patrol planes came out to meet us and escort us into the harbor. We felt that we were safe then. When I got to the West Coast, or when we got to the West Coast we could hardly believe ourselves, and no one in the United States seemed to have the faintest idea of the tension in the East. And the longer I was in California the more I was convinced that I'd made a mistake in leaving such a job. But I was fortunate, I managed to find a job teaching school at the Michigan College of Mines, and that gave me an opportunity to study geology. I got my master's degree in geological engineering while I was teaching mining engineering at Michigan College of Mines. Then as things progressed and the war then came and, of course that now began to affect everybody, even the colleges of course. And I now shifted from being a college6
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1professor to going back into going back into mining and producing copper. And after producing copper throughout a large part of the war, the Manhattan Project then developed. My son's health was not so good. He was about to lose his hearing, and we decided to come out West. I read of the work of Union Mines and managed to get a job with them. I came outfirst and my wife followed me later. Of course, this was my first introduction to uranium. It was my first introduction to sedimentary rocks in fact. And so, up to this time I'd been, my experience was completely the experience of hard rock mining and not the sedimentary mining. Having been a geologist for a gold mining company and having written my master's thesis in geology having to do with mechanics ofintrusion and the mechanics of fracturing, it was quite natural that I began to think about uranium first, logically, in the same terms I had been thinking about other metals. But the status of uranium at that time was, all we knew about were the deposits of uranium in the Morrison Formation. And the prevalent theory was that uranium deposits were syngenetic with the sediments. That means that the uranium was thought to have been deposited in the sedimentary rocks at the same time sediments were7
 W AL TER L I V I N G S T O N # 1formed. And so this was what we knew about it. We knew about deposits of---?--- logs of Calamity Mesa. No one was really quite sure as to how a log might be filled up with uranium, with carnitite--would be a very, very rich log; other logs not filled at all. Some people began to think then that uranium, even though it had deposited syngenetically with sediments, began to feel that it might have migrated with ground water. In turn I began to look at uranium with the idea of whether or not there was any structural control of uranium. We were working in an area where there was a series .of intrusive rocks, laccoliths. These are igneous rocks that domed up the sediments and invaded the sediments, and the uranium deposits apparently were around the flanks of these rocks--flanks of these sediments. And I thought perhaps there might be some structural control, and I started to search for it. But the more I searched for the structural control, the more I was convinced that this was not the primary mechanism, but that it could very well be related at least secondarily to the ground water migration. But as a result of these observations, I got some clues, clues that I very, very strongly believed in because there were many, many things that I had accepted, rejected, and tested8
 W AL TER L I V I N G S T O N # 1involved with the various concepts that I had considered. This new concept began to strike me as most logical. Whenever you have a new concept, this of course means that you are perhaps in conflict with other concepts that are existing. And so, considerable controversy then begins to arise. But I think that as a result of the passage of all these years and the increase in the information that we have about uranium deposits, I believe that I was ona road quite close to the truth. The concept that I had was that the uranium minerals were--you might say that they were various way in which the uranium was being deposited. There was not just one way, but several ways. One of these ways was that apparently it was associated with the clay minerals. Now I had no idea whether or not these clay minerals had trapped the uranium through some sort of a base exchange process, had trapped them as a result of migration of ground waters, or whether or not uranium minerals were in the clays and were being released by the ground w aters. As I began to study th is situation, I collected specimens and made thin sections of the clays, and studied the clays and I found many specimens where I was convinced that I could see the uranium being liberated from the clays.9
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1I didn't have a high-powered microscope. I just had one that was, I think, about a sixty-five power, but at least it could show me in an almost minute scale things that I had seen on much larger scales and almost perfectly reproduced ore deposits. The shape was the same and many of the conditions were the same. The alteration of the sedimentary rocks, many, many thing led me to believe that certain of theseclays must have been associated with volcanic ash, and these volcanic ashes comprised only a portion of the clays that were associated. Some of the clays were truly sedimentary clays, but yet there was another type of clay that evidently had been, either transported both by water after having been transported by air from volcanic sources or some combination of things because it appeared to me that this specific type of clay was a source minerals. So I conceived the idea that there were source minerals within the clays and these represented very, very low grade uranium mineralization which was the source of mineralization which would migrate and form these deposits that we were studying in the Morrison. These source areas, of course, would be larger. They, of course, would be low grade. They'd not be profitable, but nevertheless they had to be there in order to10
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1have a deposit. Now the structure: the relationship to structure began now to mean that under certain favorable structural and stratigraphic conditions the ground waters would begin to migrate along fracturezones, and they would begin to be controlled along sedimentary areas that the clay not being as permeable as the sandstones of which they are associated. The ground water would migrate on top of the clays, and therefore there was both a stratigraphic trap and a structural trap leading outwardly from the source mineral areas as I had conceived them. But I'm sure that's not the only mechanism. I feel that there are other types of mechanisms too because there are other different types of ores that--particularly in the region whereSteen found his deposit, and I'm inclined to believe that those ores are very much more closely related with the type of ore deposition that most geologists, or hard rock geologists work with; that is, that they are actually related with mineralizing solutions having their sources in volcanic rocks. So I feel that at least there are two sources, both pointing, however, to perhaps the same type of rock: the clays being derived from a volcanic activity, and that at some other stage the minerals we think of as the11
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1pitchblende group rather than the carnitite type. The pitchblende group includes the primary minerals, whereas the carnitite type being more associated with the volcanic debris. So it appears then that water and transportation by water perhaps entered in various ways. There are many people who today hold that uranium minerals are formed along channels, and these favor and there are certain favorable channelsin the sediments. Our knowledge, of course, of uranium deposits has considerably increased, and we've found uranium minerals in various other kinds of rocks since that time. So I would think that there could very well be a relationship between the channel type mineralization that many recognize and the migration, the two types of migration that I have just discussed. Now as a result of these observations, I concluded that if uranium could beformed and it could migrate in structural traps that it could also be released ---?--- by efforts to recover because the same rocks that have prevented the downward vertical migration should hold eeching solutions and prevent those leaching solutions from being lost. So as the work at Union Mines ended and the atomic bomb was dropped and all of our work then became known about-- Incidentally, when I say "known12
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1about," there were some tremendously interesting things that happened in the course of the field work, specifically about people who knew quite well that Union Mines was tied in some way with government project. I remember an old fellow out in the bushcountry and his wife. We had passed their house many, many times and stopped to visit with them, and they had an apple orchard. They used to give us apples and we stopped ever once in a while to get some applesfrom them. This particular day when the man introduced us to his wife, he said--he was a typical character, he said, "I'd like to have you meet these guys." He says, "You know, they're half government and half Union Mines." And, of course, this was extreme shock to us because we though everybody--this was a big hush-hush project, but here was this fellow out in the boondocks who had it sized up pretty well. He said, "Further," he says, "you know my wife here," he says, "she bought and paid for this place." He was talking about her farm and he says, "And now she thinks she owns it." And, of course, this bit of philosophy of his I haven't quite forgotten. Then another instance that I'll long remember. This shows you what Colorado was like in those days and it'shard to believe that such a thing could happen. We 13
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1had to map formations, we had mapped the formationsin various areas and we had a whole series of colors. So I had a special vest made up that I could keep a dozen or more colored pencils in my vest and reach and get any one of them at any time. We were using a plane table out in the fields to place our base map on, and orient the base map, and then identify the formations using a plane table type surveying methods. On this particular occasion I had set up my plane table on top of a big rock, and the rock was about fifty feet above the highway near the road that goes to Uravan mill. I had my plane table set up on top of this big rock where I could look over the area. And I just got started to work and an ore truck pulled up on the road beneath me and the driver leaned out of the cab and hollered up at me. He said, "What are you going to do with the body?" I wasn't sure I had heard him right. And I asked him what he said, and he repeated. He said, "What are you going to do with the body?" I said, "What body?" And he said, "That body right down there." And I looked out over the edge of this big rock, and I saw a mound of stones about six feet long and three feet wide, and I looked back at the driver and he said, "You know that guy came floating down the river last week. We didn't14
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1know who he was, so we pulled him out and buried him." He says, "I thought maybe you were diggin him up." [LaughingJ I didn't contribute very much after that. I was so shocked and so surprised that I didn'tknow what to believe. But that's a true story. That's the kind of country we were living in, and that, of course, could very well have been a commonplace instance. Not a body everyday, but there are other experiences that I had in the hills that led me to believe that some unusual things could take place under those conditions. Well, at least, to continue with my story about uranium, I began to study uranium ore and began to study leaching of uranium ore and insitu leaching and I was, and I developed and patented the method of in situ leaching for uranium ores. I experimented with this process with two types of flow sheets; one, a basic circuit that I tested out in the Dove Creek area, and another an acid circuit that I tested out in Edgemont area. Now, technically, I was getting along quite well. Although I had never really found a suitable deposit, I had managed to produce and sell uranium concentrates to the Atomic Energy Commission from material that was considered waste rock and was only worth--it only contained five hundredths of one percent uranium. And yet we were15
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1producing a concentrate that was in the order of 40 to 60 percent combined uranium and vanadium. I never had money enough to make a uranium-vanadium separation, and I never had money enough really to develop my techniques completely, and therefore I went to Continental Oil Company.RG: This was after--?WL: This was after Union Mines arrangement andContinental Oil Company then acquired my patents under a royalty arrangement and we were about to build a pilot plant after Continental Oil Company had checked my process and had done some of their own experimental work with various types of rock substances that they favored. And at that time the market fell out of uranium.RG: This is right after the war?WL: That's right. The market fell out and that was theend of me and my experiments. I was very, very close and yet very, very far away. In the meantime I had to leave that work because you can't fight an upstream battle. And so I had to drop this. All the slides you see here on my desk are pictures of the equipment and my experiments with in situ recovery of uranium. I still feel that this is the cheapest way to produce uranium, and that it is applicable to low-grade16
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1deposits and applicable to deep deposits. And whether or not the time will ever come when I can continue with that work, I don't know. But technically, I believe it's feasible. My difficulties were nottechnical problems; my difficulties were market and financing. I never had any problems with the technical. I was able to control migration of solutions underground. I was able to recover up to 93 percent of the solutions I forced into the wells, and to recycle them as many as three times, to upgrade them, and to establish a flow sheet underground. It's almost like the flow sheets that I so well knew in metallurgy of gold in cyanide plants where you leach, and you wash, and you precipitate what's called a pregnant solution to produce a barren solution, and recycle the barren solutions for makeup solution. Now, I feel that with the development of ion exchange processes that this phase of the technology had been developed to the stage where it is now, this would have been a very, very great help to me because I would no longer have been plagued with the low-grade ore and the low-grade solutions. When you flood a low-grade ore body that contains five hundredths of one percent U_Jo8 you have to flood with a lot of solutions its pretty nearly impossible to get a high-17
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1grade solution where you have that much low grade materials. So one of my problems in Edgemont, South Dakota was to figure out how to upgrade that solution.RG: Who were you working with when you were in Edgemont, South Dakota?WL: I was working for myself again. I had property up there, and I was doing this research work. I called it Livingston Uranium and Mining Research Corporation. But we produced uranium and we sold uranium. We produced uranium from material containing five hundredths, we produced a concentrate, and we did all of this without one bit of electricity. Everything we did was with gasoline engines and out in the field wherever we ever had to haul our own water. So the fact that this has been done, that a commercial product produced from a waste material, I consider to be extremely significant. Now obviously when you' re working with m aterials as low grade as this, and you can upgrade them to the place where youhave an acceptable concentrate, then this is strongly indicative that you're on the right path. I'm sure that the product we produced was not as good as the products that are produced today because we could not make a uranium-vanadium separation with the equipment18
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1that I had. I had to combine uranium-vanadium bulk concentrate, but all I needed was a little more money to make that separation. That's something that I didn't have. I didn't have money enough for ion exchange. Ion exchange was just developing. So this was the stage that we were in. It wasn't the technology not at all. The technology didn't beat us; we were beaten by the market. The market fell. That was the end of me. I couldn't fight that battle anylonger.RG: What time period was this?WL: This was, let me see. This was about 1950, about 1950when I was making a concentrate in South Dakota. Now, as you know, there was again an upswing in uranium and people of course went back out and there was a lot of exploration and development work and many of my friends who I worked with at Union Mines stayed on. Here in Grand Junction, Tony Mastovich became head of Climax Uranium and John Emerson, head of--we called it USV then--Union Carbide now. And Johnny Hill proceeded him. We were all part of the same group working for Union Mines. And I greatly valued the associations with the men that I -worked within Union Mines because they were very, very fine people,very dedicated workers. That's it. 19
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1RG: Now the questions I have for you are, during thisperiod with Union Mines what was the position youheld?WL: We had--the arrangements were these at Union Mines:Ben Weber was head of the project. Under him was Doc Riley who was his assistant. And then these two men supervised a series of field groups; these field groups each consisting of four to six men. Each of the groups had a group leader, and while I wasn't a group leader to start with, I became a group leader within three or four months after I started to work. And each of the groups were assigned to study particular locations and write reports in various locations. I happened to be assigned to study the region around Paradox Valley. I had .some work in the Calamity area, but most of my work was along the flanks of Paradox Valley. So that my base.RG: Now, how extensive was your exploration?WL: Well, the way we went about in it those days was that we'd be assigned a particular area to map. Our responsibility was first to determine thedistribution of the Morrison Formation within that map area. Now at that time ore had not been discovered in the Shinarump conglomerate. Maybe I'm wrong about that. At least there was not very much20
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1ore known in the Shinarump conglomerate at that time. Most of the ore that was known was in the Morrison. Our assignment was directed specifically to the Morrison Formation. We were not specificallyauthorized to study other formations. We were to study the Morrison Formation. So we, as a first step, mapped the region. Made ourselves a base map showing the distribution of the Morrison Formation as well as other formations within the region. Then we would do what we called run columns, that is, we'd actually measure the strata thickness of the variousformations and record the lithology of the various formations along the canyon walls. This was sometimes done merely with the compass and using our own height up to our eyes as measuring stick. Other cases it was done using transit surveys, where we had run over slopes that were not very, very steep. But, in general, we recorded everything we could find out about the formations. And I think it was the studying of these geologic columns that gave me the clue that the source of the uranium was closely associated with the clay minerals or with waters that were migrating both, both sources. There were certain conditions then of composition sediments and certain conditions of porosity and permeability and certain conditions21
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1of alteration of sediments that I began to see and to associate with mineralization. There's various types of alteration of the sediments that I thought to be rather characteristic. There, of course, was the migration of silica which, of course, would plug a bed, but nevertheless there was areas of high silica ores where this type of silica migration was quite predominant. So the migration of various types of things, alteration, various degrees of alteration of different m inerals. A ll of these things were associated with the ores and characteristic so that mineral alteration was one of the things that quite common and quite evident in connection with most of the ore deposits of the Morrison Formation. I know of no deposits in the Morrison that you could say are not associated with alteration of some type.RG: You spoke about--you mentioned that to your knowledge no large finds or no deposits have been found in the Shinarump conglomerate.WL: Up to that time.RG: Up to that time. And well, I know that the Happy JackMine had been discovered, but no great deposits or nogreat ore has been taken out of it yet.WL: I think it was generally known that there was uraniumin association with certain copper ores, and the 22
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1Happy Jack--you're talking about the Happy Jack in New Mexico? Or is this the Happy Jack that was associated with copper deposits.RG: Copper deposits.WL: With the copper. I'd heard of the Happy Jack, but Ihave never visited it. And so I really can't say too much about it. We knew that there was a uranium association. But I don't think we were really aware at that time of the wide vertical spread that later proved to be true. No one suspected, for example, that you'd get uranium in delta limestone down in New Mexico district nor that you'd get uranium out of the rocks high up in the column in Wyoming.RG: Also at this time Monument Number Two Mine, the VCA's Monument Number Two Mine had already been discovered during this period of the Union Mines Development Company. And according to the Webber Report, the people that worked on Union Mines Development were not allowed to visit this.WL: I think, in general, this is what happened to all of us. First of all we were generally limited to work in the Morrison. What the cause of this was I don't know, but at least we were 1imited to the Morrison Formation. And for that reason when we set up a map area--later for example, I studied the Big Buck23
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1deposit which was just off of Steen's find, and we had no occasion--at least I had no occasion during Union Mines time to get out of the Morrison Formation, although it's possible other parties did.It just so happened that in the areas I worked at wewere mostly above the Entrada.RG: Uh huh. You mentioned the mineral bearing clay. Noware those clays to be found in the Chinle and theShinarump conglomerates also?WL: I can't say specifically, but I believe this ispossible. If you'll review the geologic history, you'll find that volcanic activity--there's one period of volcanic activity that just began about the time of the deposition of the Chinle and upper part of the Triassic and then there is the other phase that continued and is characteristic of the lava flows that we had up above the--well, these are just above the cretaceous lava flows, the flows that are on Grand Mesa, and most of the other flows, and perhaps also the intrusives, the laccolithic rocks, laccol i ths that are out in western Colorado. They perhaps are associated with this same period ofvolcanism. I believe then that period of volcanism, or the periods of volcanism that somewhat coincide, let's say, with the beginning of the disappearance of24
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1the dinosaurs was the volcanism that contained uranium, and it may have contained selenium, probably contained selenium, and that this is the volcanism that I consider to be favorable to uranium deposition. And in my view you can have a uranium oreRG:WL:formed either from medioric waters, from that type-- not medioric waters, but from mineralizing solutions, from that type of volcanic activity; or you could have the ash which segregate the uranium and subsequently be leached from it.Was there any drilling done during the Union Mines survey?Union Mines per se didn't do any drilling. We logged an awful lot of drill holes, but we didn't do the drilling ourselves. There was lots of drilling being done by prospectors at that time, but Union Mines didn't have any drill rigs. USV of course did, but Union Mines and USV were not quite the same thing.Uh huh. There wasn't the contact between the two companies wasn't that close then?No, no. It was different.Did the USGS help you in anyway on the survey?USGS seemed to come in later. At the time of Union Mines Development there was Dick Fisher who worked for USGS had done a lot of work in this part of theRG:WL: RG: WL:25
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1country. And I believe he came to the conclusion that uranium was migrating in groundwater. But he is the only member of USGS that I know of who was really active at that time. Now at a later stage this all changed. USGS then became quite active, but that was after Union Mines.RG: You just mentioned Dick Fisher. I was wondering, you mentioned that you used a particular base map for most of your survey work, and was it one of Dick Fisher's base maps that you used?WL: No, the way that we did our base maps was that we would be assigned a particular area, so our problem now was within that area to find if an existing map was available. Whether this was a topog. map, or whatever it was, we would map on it. This would have no geology on it. It would be just some kind of a map for control. And then where we could get area photographs we would use them. And where area photographs were available, we could make up base maps from the area photographs. But we had no regular system of base maps. We had catch as catch can. We had to find it, find something to map on, and that usually was one of our first problems. And many times, many instances Doc Riley and Ben Weber woulddig up everything they could find and give it to us 26
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1before we started out in the field.RG: Uh huh. Then the budget that you people worked on doing, when you were doing the sur vey was rat her limited then.WL: No, we didn't have money for drilling and it was not a great big fanfare by any means. We had pickup trucks to get around in. We slept in tents, or we slept in shacks out in the hills, or we lived with prospectors. We had a place here in town that they repaired our trucks when we come to town if something would go wrong with them. But that was about the extent of our funds.RG: Uh huh. Was there any government aid, any overt government aid given to this project?WL: I can't say too much about that. Of course, we began to realize that we were connected with the Manhatten Project because there were various people who would come out from the New York and come out from the East, and we began to realize that we were a part of that project, although it wasn't advertised very much. So it was obvious that we were being tied in with efforts of other groups, but those of us who spent most of our time in the field would meet people from these other groups only as they came out tovisit us. They generally came out to see what we were 27
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1doing and to learn about what we had learned.RG:WL:I was going to ask you about your period after Union Mines when you were on your own. Where did you sell your ore after the government had become the sole purchaser?I made a contract with the local AEC group here and sold it and brought it here to Grand Junction, brought it in drums here, transported it all the way from South Dakota by pickup truck and brought it into the compound that's still there.After the Circular Six in 1951 when the prices almost doubled for new discoveries, did that aid you in any way?Yes. I had a very favorable price when I was doing my work. I was getting ten dollars a pound for uranium. Of course, that's a pretty high price compared to the present price. And that ten dollar price, of course, made it possible for me to do a lot of work that I couldn't possibly have down without that price.Has anybody--well, does Continental Oil still haveRG:WL:RG:the rights on your patents?WL: Continental Oil wrote to me after they had gone tothe Atomic Energy Commission and requested permission to build a plant. We were denied permission to build a plant because at that time Atomic Energy Commission28
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1told us that they had all the uranium that they needed. And they didn't need anymore.RG: Uh huh. What time was this?WL: This was about 1952, around in there.RG: Have you ever had any other contact with the AECother than this one time? You also mentioned yourcontract with the AEC Grand Junction office.WL: Well, I know people in the AEC. I know them just personally; people that I had worked with in the Philippines or people that I'd met out in the mining industry at other times, and so I began to meet AEC people. See, the mining fraternity is a pretty small group really. People in the mining business know people who worked in Arizona and people who worked in South America and all over the world and were just-- we have to go where the jobs are and our jobs are all over the world. And so first thing you know, you meet a lot of people, and you stay in touch with them in the mining business. That's one thing about a group of miners, they've have a fraternity that's quiteunlike most other groups of people.RG: During this what happened when the Union Minesfinished their survey? Was the Union MinesDevelopment Company disbanded or--?WL: You see, what happened to me was, I remember at the29
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1time the atomic bomb was dropped, I was working out of Uravan. I was living in a trailer owned by Union Mines, and we were 1iving right, half a mi1e awayRG:from Uravan Mill. I remember at the time of the announcement of the atomic bomb being dropped, we were all convinced then that the war would be over soon, and that our project would be ended soon. Up until that time, of course, it was quite a hush-hush project. But we knew that we were associated in some way with the atomic bomb. Most of us didn't know how we were associated with it, but we knew that we were in some way. We felt that there was a very close tie between that and what we were doing. And so we felt that the dropping of the atomic bomb essentiallyásignaled the end of a war, and then end of an emergency, and the end of, let's say, our rush to find uranium. We didn't, of course, norie of us ever really dreamed that a peacetime use--[END OF S I D E ONE]--that peacetime uses for nuclear explosives woulddevelop. We never really realized that industry would be in the picture as it is at the present time. And all we could see at that time, of course, was our association with the military project.You left Union Mines in what year? Do you remember? 30
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1WL: Let me see now. I'd have to--I can't really be sureabout it. I'd have to check it, but it was-- RG: Around '45, '43, '45?WL:I think that's about right. That was about right. I think I started--let's see, that about right because I went to Colorado School of Mines right after I started teaching school. I could look up the date I started teaching.Oh, that would be okay. What happened to the other people in the project?I think many of them began to do the same thing that I did. They began to realize that our days were numbered and many of them started looking for otherjobs. But there were a few who like this country and liked uranium and just stayed right with it. And I think those who did stay went to work for private companies connected with uranium. I know of no one in our group who went directly to work for AEC. They worked for Climax Uranium or for USV, but they stayed in the business. I believe Johnny Hill later did somework on his own after leaving USV.Could you give me a few of the names of a few of the people on the project? While we have Ben Weber and Tony Mastovich(?).Yes. Well, one of the fellows that I came to knowRG:WL:RG:WL:31
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1real well was named Carl Bradle. Now Bradle was from John Hopkins. And his work was in mineralogy here. And, of course, I was interested in Bradle because he'd had training under Hans Close, and the Maryland group were interested in rock mechanics, the same line of thinking that I was quite interested in. And we also had--there was another fellow who now works as head of the Bureau of Indian Affairs. He's not head of the department, but he works as a mining engineering in the Bureau of Indian Affairs. His name is Dave Jones. He's in Washington now, and he worked in my party for part of the time. And then there was another fellow who was a Canadian. His name was Lou Moyd(?). He worked for me in my group. And he's, he's now head of a museum in Ottawa in Canada. And another fellow by the name of Cooper. I don't know what's happened to Cooper. And then there was a very fine man who is dead now. His name was Otto Metzker. He worked formerly for the Bureau of Mines and came to work for Union Mines. Another man by the name of Burt Linsley who worked with the group of people that were out at Temple Mountain. Burt is in New York City now, has his own company in New York City. And another manby the name of Bart Van Vorhees(?) who worked in the same squad with Tony Mastovich. And Gardner Miller32
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1who worked--Gardner and I worked together part of the time. He went to school at Stanford, and I don't think he's in the mining business now. I think he'sin the investment business. And I'm trying to think, we had another where--oh, another man was named John Harshbacher, and John, I believe, went into the general field of water resources studies and development. He's still practicing in the field, I believe in Arizona somewhere. I'm not quite sure. Bart Van Vorhees is in--is working on the diamond dregs in South America, or in diamond dregging country. There are more. I--RG: Just a moment ago you mentioned Temple Mountain, and in the Weber report it said the deposits on Temple Mountain were of such low, low quality that it wouldn't even pay to mine them. I was wondering if you have any comment on that, about what went on on Temple Mountain as far as survey and what they basedthat on.WL: I really can't comment on that because I have no realknowledge. All I know is that the fellows were out there working on it, that the ores at Temple Mountain were evidently associated quite closely with asphalt or asphalt types at Temple Mountain. And it must have been some sort of a secondary relationship. I don't33
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1think they ever found anything besides the asphalt type. But keep in mind now that at this time we didn't know anything about uranium mineralization in coal either. I don't think any of us really realized that coal could act as a collector for uranium. It's possible that asphalt type collection is somewhat 1ike the collection in coal. Not knowing anymore about Temple Mountain than I do--all I know is there was scattered deposits there, but, and that these deposits largely related to asphalt type. And my viewis that asphalt type is a secondary collector, not a primary source, and how the uranium got in the asphalt type I don't think anybody knew at that time.RG: Uh huh. When you left the Union Mines Company, when you finished the survey, were you aware that you had written the entire report that was turned in?WL: No, no. In general, each group, each group leader wrote his own report and did not read the reports of other party chiefs. And in general the feeling was that the ores of the Morrison Formation were syngenetic with the Morrison, and if you weren't convinced that they are syngenetic, then you are a little bit out in left field.RG: Right after or during the same period after you left Union Mines, did you have any reason to believe that34
 W AL TER L I V I N G S T O N # 1there were large deposits in any formation other than the Morrison?No, no. I had no idea then. Of course, soon after this the discoveries in South Dakota came in, andWL:RG:WL: RG:WL:these were in the Lakota and the Dakota formation. And in this country we didn't have anything in Dakota. And so this was something new. We now began to see that for the first time it was above us, and then with Steen's discovery we also knew that it was below us, below the Morrison type. And then with the discoveries in New Mexico and in Wyoming, then itjust seemed like it the discoveries now began to appear in a great range for all types, various agents.Uh huh. Are you familiar with the geology of Monument Two at all?No.Okay. Much earlier in our talk you mentioned that your patenting process of recovery would be good for the low-grade ore and ores that were deep. Now why would it be good for deep ore?Well, first you have to consider the problems ofmining. To get at a deep ore you've got expensive development work if you can sink a shaft, and you've got the problems of development. In many cases you've35
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1also got the problems of underground water, and you've got problems of ventilation. So that costs of mining by conventional methods for deep ore are increased just because of the difficulties mining them. But the reverse is quite true with respect to in situ to leaching. With in situ leaching if you're too close to the surface, you're quite limited in the pressures that you can put on the formation. Becauseif you put too much pressure on the formation, you'll split the rocks and then you'11 lose your control over the migration of the solutions. Now this is not true, and as a result of this, you have to have fairly closely-spaced drill holes. Now in general as the depth beneath the surface increases, you need fewer holes and you can use more pressure in each hole, and moreover, you do not have--in surface mining, you do not have the problems of elastic rebound and surface alteration that cause channeling and difficulties in control of solutions in those that are not homogeneous. So the deeper, the deeper deposits appear to me to have substantial promise from the economics as well as the ability to control the solutions more precisely than you could rightclose to the surface.RG: Why do you think no one up to now has taken advantage36
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1of this system of mining?WL: I've been very quiet. I'm not the type of person who makes any big splurge about research-type discoveries. I want to be sure that I'm right beforeI start to talk. Now there are some types of people who would have advertised all over the place the work that I did. I believe that this is true for various reason. As a matter of fact, I even read an article about myself in a magazine, about a Colorado mining engineer working on a process for a recovery of uranium by in situ leaching, and this was written in one of the--it was either Life or Time magazine and I, of course, have had no correspondence with Life or Time magazine. I know that the technology--in my view the technology that I have developed is so superior to anything that is being done at the present time, and I'm aware of work that was being done by Utah Construction Company in Wyoming. And I'm not so well acquainted with any additional work there. I have read in the paper about some work that some other person has done in Wyoming. But in my view, none of this technology is even close to the technology I developed, and therefore I think their ability to control solutions underground is nowhere near as effective as I can do it. I really studied it and had37
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1solution recoveries up to 93 percent, and a very complicated flow sheet which controlled the migration of the solutions underground. This was the thing I set out to do. This was the biggest question in my mind was: Can I control those solutions in migrating through ---?--- ? So I studied a whole series of different, on how to control, construct grout barriers. I developed three different ways to grout a rock, and while these maybe improved upon, they were_pretty darn effective, the ones that I used. In some of our experiments, for example, we set grout barriers and then down dipped them and grout barriers we sank shafts to observe the effects of our grout barriers. We put out radio drill holes to tap any migrating water, and we just had a perfectly dry shaft. And that's quite consistent with the figures that we got during our operations. We didn't go about it in a half-baked way. We went about it to learn. and so I feel that the techniques of solution control that we developed were extremely effective. So I feel that--I certainly would have gone ahead with this technology. As far as I was concerned there's not a thing wrong with the technology. My problem was Ididn't have any money. I was trying to do research work, a complicated research project with limited38
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1funds. and I was never able to find an ore body that had anything more than five hundredths U_3o8 on it to work on. So I've never had an ore body to work on. I've always had waste rock or low grade materials that had traces, but even then I did it. So if you can do it in five hundredths rock, you ought to be able to do it when you get ore.How deep did you system go?RG:WL: Oh, I think you have to review the geology and thestratigraphy and the structure in every case, and I would say that there--one of the big problems with in situ leaching is you have to work the system up completely before you do a thing. The reason for this is that you handle such tremendous volumes of solution. Now visualize, let's take a formation that has, say, 20 percent void in it. If this is a thick formation and extends over a substantial area, and you must flood that formation, that essentially means you've got saturate all the voids throughout that formation. Now if you do not saturate, then you at that time establish a pressure front which begins to migrate. But it's quite different if this whole rock is saturated. Now you can begin to squeeze it with pressures here or there or there. So you have muchbetter control with a formation that is saturated 39
 than one that is being saturated. Now the quantities of solutions that are involved now get to be tremendous, and one of the problems is to avoid plugging of the formations. You can plug a formation just by picking up mud and trying to drive the mud through it. So you have to be very careful with the solutions that you are working with. First, to make sure that they're clear, next that they're the right composition, and next that the pressures are controlled. So you really have got a whole series of things to do. What I did, I recycled my solutions and brought them to the surface so I could look at themevery once in a while and check them. Then I'd send them back down again. If they needed anything done to them, why, I'd do it while they were up on top. All this means is that you have to a set of solution tanks capable of handling hundreds and thousands of gallons of liquids, and all of this has to be on the surface. All this has to be set up before you start to leach because once you start it you've got these volumes and you have to to continually work with this solution, converting it essentially from water to a pregnant solution to mill solution to a barren solution. And you're starting to recycle so that you've got a whole--you've got nine different grade40
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1solutions that you work with. This means that at least you've got nine different tanks on the surface in addition to water supply tanks; each one of these different grade solution, and each one of them being able to receive the total volume of solution you might have saturating a particular segment of the pattern that you're working with. And this now in turn depends on how big the patterns is or how much of a drive you've put on the formation. So I could visualize, for example, if you had a bed twenty feet thick and you had a drive that was three hundred feet thick and a thousand feet long, now you see, you've got an awful lot of water that you've got to get backinto the tanks. At the time I was doing my work, I had to work with I had to upgrade those solutions in order to precipitate the uranium out of it. But today you probably wouldn't have to bring them to the grade that I did at that time.my circuit quite a big and made it more effective. I mean it would have been more economical and I would have eliminated some of my major headaches. That is a major headache being, how do you get a pregnant solution that you can afford to precipitateBecause of the--RG:WL: Because of ion exchange. So I could have simplified41
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1chemically and destroy all of the chemicals, the acid or the bases or the sodium carbonate--sodium bicarbonate leaches that. Because once you're precipitated, you've destroyed all the solvent in it, you've got to start all over again. And that costs you money for the chemicals you've got to buy. So oneof my problems now is to get the grade of the solution up to the point where I could afford to precipitate it.RG: And to do that, you recycled it.WL: Yeah. I recycled it. Actually I was working on anupgrading process in South Dakota where I would take solutions from those areas that I couldn't leach because they were outcrops or boulders or things like that, or where they would crop out on the surface-- and use that in a conventional leaching tanks, and actually take that from the in situ leach; upgrade them with ores that couldn't be inside two leaches.And I got along well with that.RG: Today they'll drilling for uranium much deeper depthsthan they were early fifties and late forties. I was wondering if it would be possible, if the stratigraphy was correct and the geological formations went along, would it be possible to use your method at depths of three thousand feet?42
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1WL: Yeah, three thousand, four thousand feet would bevery good. Yeah, I think this is one of the fields. This could very well be the place where this technique has a much greater application that it had previously.RG: Uh huh. Now what happens to the stratigraphy of the geological formations after the solutions have been run through?WL: Well, you see, the beds are not contaminated because of the flow sheet. You flood with strong solvent, you leach, you recycle solutions, and eventually you wash, you wash with the water. Now the water that comes into the circuit goes into the circuit at the tail end of the solution. It goes into the circuit at that place where the uranium has been leached out of it, where there maybe some residual chemicals left in the solution, but that's the objective. When you putwater in the washing circuits and begin now to cycle that water starting from one end of it and driving it forward. Now the water goes down pure water. As it gets down it begins to pick up some of the chemicals which may have been solvents or some of the residual uranium that may have escaped the process. So you are washing the chemicals and the uranium out of it and leaving a clear bed. So you leave a clear bed behind43
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1you that's saturated with water.RG: Now, in an area of a higher grade ore, would the material that you take out, would there be sufficient material taken out to--?WL: Well, see, a very high grade ore, uranium ore--let's say, if you've got a five tenths of one percent uranium ore, or half of one percent, most uranium minerals are within voids that are between thesand grains. And so the volume of solid that you remove is, say, only about, at a maximum in extremely high grade ore would only represent about 5 percent of the mine space in a conventional sand. So you're really not taking away a sufficient mineral to affect the interlocking grain structure even. So that subsidence is not possible.RG: Okay, Mr. Livingston, I'd like to know a little bit about what type of equipment other than the tanks and things would be necessary for this type of mining, the type of hydraulic pressure that would be necessary and how you would create it.WL: Well, there is a series of things that you have to do. Starting right in the beginning of the flow sheet, the first step is conditioning of the water. The water that you would put into the bens--you have to have water conditioning equipment. You can't just44
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1taken any water and put it down. You've got to have water that's properly prepared to go into the beds. You've got to take out those minerals that would plug this. You've got to have clean water. In some instances you have to have heated water. That's particularly true in the case of the ores that require sodium carbonate leach. At normal ground- water temperatures they process pretty slow. So in addition to water conditioning you have to havefacilities for heating water if this is a basic leach, otherwise the process is too slow. If it's an acid leach, this is a different thing. In addition to the water conditioning, you must be able to control both the quantities and the pressures that are put down. This means that you have to know at the bottom of the hole where you're putting the solution into the bed, and you've got to make sure you're not forcing solution down below that and forcing it, or forcing it up above. This means that you have to drill into the bed, and during your exploration you have to control the drilling, you have to control the input of the solutions. So this means designs of packers that are quite important, so that you can inject the fluids at the horizon that you want and at no other horizon, and withdraw solutions from a45
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1specific horizon and no other. You don't want solutions migrating downward excessively unless you've got a barrier beneath you. If you've got a barrier beneath you, you may have to saturate up to some level on top of that barrier before you get solvents in. In addition to this, there's a pressure gradient starting from the well you're injectinginto, outwardly towards the well that you' re receiving fluid from. So, in effect, you have to understand and be able to control pressures at input and the pressures at output. You've got to be able to control the migration of fluids through the bed. That means to control those pressures, you may have seven places, let's say, of input leading to a given output well, or you may be driving a solution front along a specific line followed by another line that's behind at a hundred feet and still and third one behind that. So let's visualize a series of soldiers marching underground. You've got to be able to control the pressures in each one of those lines so that solutions of different compositions will not mix and so that they will still do the work they've got to do. That means you have to have chemical, you have to have a laboratory to control the grade of solutions that you have, and in addition a means of46
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1controlling the pressures in the bed as well as controlling the pressures on the surface. In addition to this, when the solutions have come to the surface you've got all the problems of precipitation of thesolution. So you have, if you have an ion exchange flow sheet, then you have all the problems of ion exchange or any of the other flow sheets that a conventional mill would have at least in that part of it that has to do with the precipitation phase of it. So you have to have good control. In addition to that, you have to have all of the filters and all of the precipitation just as if this flow sheet were any other flow sheet on the surface. So let's say, for precipitation you've got exactly the same things on the surface that a conventional mill would have. The problem of in situ leaching is to control that solution where it's not in tanks, and to control it in the ground as accurately as you could control it on the surface in tanks. And that takes more skill than it does on the surface because you have to know about the formation, you have to know about the migration of fluids within it, you have to know about the geology and the structure. You have to know everything you can find out about that formation if you would do the job well. And so this means to start47
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1with you have to work a whole lot longer before you ever get anything back. The next thing is you have to completely develop the entire field, not part of it. You develop the whole field. You can't develop a partof it. You've got to develop the whole field because you have to isolate the whole field. You isolate the whole field with barriers. You set barriers around it to restrict it so that nothing can get out of it, or nothing can get in it. So all this work has to be done before you start. And if that's done and you've done your homework well, then you'11 be a success. And whether you're a success or not depends entirely on what you've done before you put any fluid in the ground, not afterwards. All your engineering is done before any leaching goes into the ground.RG: What do you use to force the hydraulic--?WL:You just simply use pumps and there are various kinds of pumps, each of them have different characteristics. Some of them have--these are all different types of pumps. You can put tremendous pressure on a bed with types of pumps and you can have minimum pressures on others, and, in fact, you can just use the hydrostatic head of the liquid column to control a minimum pressure. So that you've got everything from a hydrostatic head clear through48
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1to pressures that could be a thousand pounds per square inch or higher if you wanted them.RG: Uh huh. It just depends on the type of bed or the type of structure of formation.WL: Yes. Uh huh. You've got to know what your problem is, and you've got to control the pressures at a series of stages in time. Now generally, the earlier stages are the most critical ones because those are the stages in which you tend to develop channels. Once you start to develop channels, the channels get to be difficult to control. In the early stages you mustfight against the development of channels, and this fighting is really controlling of the pressures so they'll never exceed certain lim its and, and controlling the flow volumes so that you never get excessive flows from a certain location.RG: These channels, don't they tend to follow the natural seams of the stratigraphy?WL: Yeah. But, you see, as you get deeper and deeper into the earth even though you have joints down deeper, you don't--your problems are not as severe as they are close to the surface.RG: The seams wouldn't be as pronounced?WL: They're not as pronounced, and moreoever, deep in theearth you can put pressure on the outside of those 49
 WALTER LIVINGSTON # 1seams or on the ends of them, and you can't do that on the surface. So that you can fill a seam underground. This is how you avoid channeling this. You actually fill it, you flood it, you put back pressures on it, you keep solutions from going certain directions.RG: Okay, Mr. Livingston. I don't believe I have any other questions right now. If you have any thing else you'd like to add about the uranium industry that I haven't asked you then--WL: No, I think that--it would appear to me that there is quite a future connected with nuclear power plants. I think in time people will recognize that our technology can be developed so that we don't have to worry about our cities. I don't say that our technology the way we' re using it today is infallible. I'd say that our technology is capable of overcoming the problems that stand in front of it in the industry, and therefore, I would think there are many, many uses for nuclear power, and I see no reason why these can't be developed. So I think that the market for uranium can go nowhere except in increase. I would say that we probably will find moreuses as time goes on. I think our exploration problem really is a tough one. It appears to me that this is50
 WALTER LIVINGSTON #1the most difficult phase of all. Uranium explorationis not cheap, deposits are not large, and to find a suitable supply you've got to have incentives to keep people in the field. And in addition to this, I believe that our old system of rewards for private enterprise for doing an outstanding job is an important thing, too, in meeting the demand and in meeting the requirements. So I feel that in the long run that uranium applications will become more and more important. Unfortunately we've got an industry that's always up and down. This, of course, takes a lot of men out of the field, men who are quite competent and should stay in the field, but can't stay in it under a fluctuating market and fluctuating demands such as at present. That's about all that I can say.RG: Okay, thank you very much, Mr. Livingston. [END OF INTERVIEW]51