 E.W. GRUTTGrand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview By Richard Gibbs and Greg BrolinUranium History Project Tape No. 105July 28, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsEarly Experiences . . 1 Equilibrium in Uranium. 2 Programs at the AEC...... . 6 His Experiences in Exploration . . 7 Private Industry's Exploration vs AEC's Exploration. 17 Other Minerals Associated with Uranium. 18 Future of Ore Reserves in the Western States. . 20
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH E.W . GRUTT, CONDUCTED BY RICHARD GIBBS AND GREG BROLIN AT THE AEC COMPOUND I N GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO ON JULY 28, 1970.GB: We'd like to start off first by thanking you Mr. Grutt for allowing us to come and talk with you this morning; taking some time out. Could we begin by having a brief resume of your experience and how you got started with the Atomic Energy Commission and what your present position is here.EG: In talking about what kind of experience do you mean basically with the Atomic Energy Commission, my experience with the Atomic Energy Commission?GB: Yea, and what led you to come to the Atomic Energy Commission.EG: I see. This goes back to the 1950 period roughly when interest all over the United States was directed towards uranium and I had been in copper, gold, lead, zinc, so on and various other metallic minerals--been with those and exploration for them. And I decided I needed some uranium experience, so in 1953 I filed application with theAtomic Energy Commission and subsequently was assigned as chief of the Douglas Suboffice in Wyoming with the Commission, and this was in a relatively unknown area at that time, unknown from the viewpoint of uranium potential, and two years later I moved to Casper, Wyoming, with the same office. During this time, the uranium importance of Wyoming was generally being
 E.W. GRUTT #105recognized too and the importance of the state as a uranium producer, as a potential uranium producer was being recognized by the industry. So in any event I stayed in Wyoming for about five years and then was transferred to Grants, New Mexico, as chief of the Grants branch and I spent about five years there and then wastransferred to Grand Junction as chief of Resource Appraisal Branch. Then three years ago I was assigned, over three years ago was assigned as director of Resource Division which position I hold now.RG: Well, one of the main things I'd like to talk to you about today is a problem---?--- that they've mentioned and referred us to your department. That's equilibrium in uranium and scintillators and geiger counters too. I wish you could give us a definition or explanation.EG: Well, it's a relatively simple concept, but in order to understand it you've got to recognize that first of all, when you're prospecting for uranium with a geiger counter or a scintilometer. You're not registering emanations from uranium, you are registering emanations from decay products, daughter products, and I'm saying here is that there are specific bloop lines that result from spontaneous decay of uranium --[inaudible]--harmfuldamage --[inaudible]--. For example, you will know that most uranium in nature is Uranium-238. Uranium-238 is an2
 E.W. GRUTT #105anomaly therefore you may not detect it with a geiger counter at all. However, Bismuth-214, which is one of the radon decay products, is a very power ful gamma emit ter and this is a daughter of uranium now and ther efore i t is what is detected. All right now, you're detectingBismuth-214; it results from the decay of parent uranium through a series of intermediate steps. Now you're detecting a daughter product and the uranium is removed and these are--geochemically the two behave entirely different--why then you might be detecting the daughter product but the uranium has been removed, we'll say it's through solution or something else. It's gone. Therefore you still detect the radiation but there's no uraniumthere. Do you follow me there? RG: Uh huh.EG: So we say that we are in secular equilibrium provided that the Bismuth-214, I'm talking now for gamma, for data gamma counting purposes, the Bismuth-214 is in the theoretical proportion that it should be with uranium. Now saying that both of these substances have been in approximately the same position for a million years andthat there has not been separated through geochemical processes. That's what disequilibrium means. In other words these two things get separated, there's a discrepancy between the parent and the daughter and th i s3
 E.W. GRUTT #105is disequilibrium. If they' re i n equilibrium and they ' re, there is no discrepancy, then we call t his equilibrium . Do I make myself clear here or not? I could do a lot better but you can't record this if I put it on the black board, see. But actually that's what's happening.RG: Now, I was wondering if this could affect the ore sampling methods of the miners, say in the fields, when a miner would run his geiger counter over his ore and it would be so arranged that the scintilometer would indicate the percentage of uranium in the ore. Could this affect it?EG:It could and it does. This is what we call an equivalent assay, or an equivalent test, you see. And we're not measuring uranium at all. We' re measuring roughly, almost entirely I should say, Bismuth-214, and in oxidized ores in particular can be a real problem. It's also problem in the gulf coast of Texas right at the moment because we think that some of the ores are rather youthful ores. In other words, they're pretty new formations, probably pleistocene or maybe, yes pleistocene. This would mean less than a million years so; therefore secular equilibrium has not been reached in those Texas ores. This is one theory. Therefore there would be more uranium present than would be indicated by a gamma counter. This is a nice situation. It can go the other way. If the ore4
 E.W. GRUTT #105is undergoing oxidation today and the uranium is variable it might be transferred out of this original site. Therefore radiation would be present over the chemical and therefore we'd have more count than we have uranium, see. So, it can go both ways. We call this high chemical and low chemical. In other words, the youthful ores would typically show more uranium than would be indicated by a gamma only assay. On the other hand when it's out of equilibrium in the other direction, the gamma only assay exceeds the chemical. There is a very easy way to determine this and that is to have one particular sample assayed both chemically and radiometrically. Then you compare the results and this is then termed the amount of disequilibrium. Yes, it affects the sampling, to get back to your original question. It's something that miners must be aware of all the time and the more experiencedones are and they recognize that they must have chemicalassay along with radiometric assays.RG: Now what particular programs have you been involved inhere at the AEC?EG: Do you mean starting back with Wyoming? Going back 17years?RG: Yes. I mean as far as the Circular type programs go.EG: The Circular type programs--you mean Circular Five andsix and the rest of them?5
 E.W. GRUTT #105RG: Yes.EG: I was never involved directly in these programs; CircularFive and Six and the bonus program accept that--I should'nt say that I was never involved because at one time I was involved with certification properties for bonus, at Grants our officer undertook that work. But my principal interest has been in the assignments that have been in the area of exploration, geology, geochemistry, some geophysics. In other words these type of things. Exploration--in other words, you must find uranium before you can mine it. You must mine it before you can mill it. Well, exploration is the fist stage in the entire step. You've got to find uranium in order to do anything with it. So this has been the area that I've been most interested in, and I've been also involved with the appraisal of mineral deposits. In other words, the early stage in development of forecasting the probable future of importance of these things, you see, economic sort of way. So that's been my principal interest. I'm basically a geologist but here again it's a fine line. A good deal of the work we do also covers other fields too, such as we must have an excellent idea of what our costs of exploitation are. I mean by that mining and milling and we need that in order to determine the potential or forecast and potential of let's say a particularly6
 E.W. GRUTT #105favorable area even though there's been no major deposits found there yet.RG: Now what parts of the country have you been involved in the exploration; everywhere you worked or just--?EG: Let's put it this way, if you say exploration and evaluation I can answer this rather simply. If you say just exploration, then I say that I was involved in Wyoming with exploration because during those years, which was '53 to 1958 the Commission was actively engagedin exploration and particularly in Wyoming, where I was it was very active exploration area. When I moved to Grants the government program changed to the point where I then was mainly involved in evaluation, you see. In other words, evaluation, what had been found in order to furnish the Commission with a realistic appraisal of what the Commission might have to purchase in the way of U308. Then in the Resource Appraisal Branch starting here in 1962, here again then it was an evaluation of not just the resources in a particular area, but the resources of the Western United States, and then here in my present position it is evaluation of resources in the entire Western United States but also including geochemical andgeophysical studies as well.GB: At what point did geologists start to realize the, orrecognize the potential of the Chinle and Shinarump7
 E.W. GRUTT #105 formation?EG: You really you see the time you're talking about now, this is not first hand what I'm talking about now because I was in Wyoming at the time the question you asked pertains to, and we don't have the Shinarump as such in Wyoming, see. But Shinarump channels were among thefirst. In fact carnotite ore in Shinarump channels was discovered by Indians; was used by Indians in Monument Valley long before the white man came. They used the carnotite as a coloring treatment. So that was one of the first. It was recognized very early. The Happy Jack Mine in White Canyon was one of the early discoveries and that's a Shinarump channel. Monument Number Two is a Shinarump channel. So they were among the first then in the '40s and the early '50s I guess if you wanted time period. But here again this is heresay. This is not first hand.GB: What was the extent of the exploration activities in Wyoming?EG: What was the extent?GB: Yea.EG: Well, I'll have to recap this a little bit. There was nodrilling at all in Wyoming prior to 1953, or very little. There might have been a small amount for uranium. Kerr McGee was very active. Kerr McGee and Jenkins Hand in8
 E.W. GRUTT #105partnership did drilling in the Powder River Basin in 1953. The Commission engaged in an active program in the Powder River Basin, in the Gas Hills, Crooks Gap, Maybelle. Maybelle's in Colorado but that was still inthe Wyoming Basin province and Baggs, Wyoming in the period 1953 through 1955. During this time private activity was stimulated and it continued to increase. So as a result during the 1950s I suppose some six or seven million feet of drilling were done in Wyoming. Of course today you'd recognize that most of the drilling in the United States probably, at least during the last two years, more that fifty percent of it was done in Wyoming. So you can see this is one of the most active explorationareas in the United States. In fact, right at the moment I think it is probably the most active. So it's always been important from the very beginning. From 1953 to present it's been a very active exploration area.GB: How would the exploration in the Wyoming Basin compare with the Colorado Plateau? Would it be similar in the types of foot work done and drillings as on the Colorado Plateau.EG: Yes, it would be entirely similar. The only thing is in Wyoming we're dealing with tertiary sediments and on the Colorado Plateau we're dealing with triassic and jurassic sediments and this is different.9
 E.W. GRUTT #105GB: Would the periods of deposition of the two areas differ? EG: Broadly speaking no. In detail perhaps yes. This israther difficult to answer without getting into some semantics here. In Wyoming as you know the most important deposit seem to be roll front deposits. Roll front deposits are not unknown on the Colorado Plateau because the Uravan Mineral Belt is a good example of, parts of the Uravan Mineral Belt are roll type deposits too. But they achieve classic size in Wyoming. These are the, probably the largest roll front deposits in the world--atleast in the free world. And the theory of deposition of all the roll front is certainly different at least in detail from we'11 say from deposition of uranium in trends such as we have in Grants, New Mexico, but here again I rather don't think this is the type of thing we should get into here, because I'm just wondering if it would be of importance to anyone. You know there's a speculation in part of it. And of course, you get different ideas among different people too.RG: When you were working down in Grants in evaluation, how soon did they realize that Grants was going to be as big as it has turned out to be?L e t ' s s e e h e r e . By ' 5 6 I w o u l d s a y t h a t i t wa s recognized, at least by the people who knew a great dealabout it that this was going to be a major area in 1956. 10EG:
 E.W. GRUTT #105That would be my guess.RG: How does the Grants area differ from most of the Colorado Plateau? Is there difference in the depth of the uranium or type of area it's found in or something of that nature?EG: Well, in general, you know 95 percent of our American uranium deposits are in sandstones, I don't know whether this has been brought up before or not. About five percent in veins. Well, the Colorado Plateau deposits are mainly deposits in sandstone. Those in Grants, of course,RG: EG:incidentally Grants is on the Colorado Plateau.Uh huh.It's on the southern margin of the Colorado Plateau. Those are also deposits in sandstone, so there isn't a great deal of difference except those in Grants have attained enormous size. This is the number one area in the United States and I'd say it's mainly a difference in scale. These are huge deposits there.What do you attribute the difference in size to?I wish I knew. I wish I knew. For some reason the Grants Mineral Belt as we call it is an area which extends from Gallup, New Mexico, to and beyond the Laguna, New Mexico has been extremely favorable for uranium deposition. I wish I knew the answer to that. I don't know. I don't think anybody else does either.RG: EG:11
 E.W. GRUTT #105GB: When you were involved in exploration, did you ever gointo an area cold?EG: In Wyoming a lot of that was cold, yes.GB: What does a geologist look for when he's going into anarea cold? If he's hunting for uranium and there are nooutcrops, what does he look for?EG: At that time it was particularly difficult because wedidn't know a lot about uranium in tertiary sediments, but I'd say basically we followed the idea that airborne anomalies see these gamma, gamma rays of Bismuth-214 can be detected through about, up to about 400 feet of air. They're tenuated by a much more than four or five hundred feet of air, but they can't be detected so if you follow the surface of the ground you can detect these gamma rays providing you have a sensitive instrument in the plane. So we had airborne programs to fly these various area, and we used piper cubs, super cubs they were called in those days with scintillation detectors probably three by three sodium iodine crystals. And this will pick up the gamma radiation. Well, as an observer with the pilot and you would pinpoint the area on the ground and then we would send ground crews in and examine the area and work out the geology and determine the sediment and determine, at least estimate whether we thought it was important or unimportant, that sort of thing and this is how we12
 E.W. GRUTT #105started. Of course then we do foot work with handborne geiger counters and then we map for geology and observe the alteration and the colors of the rocks and the types of rocks and all these types of things that enter into assessing favorability for uranium, you see. But basically I'd say that airborne was our first broad scale because it can be done so rapidly and relatively cheaply you see.RG: EG:Did the AEC do much drilling in Wyoming?Well, yes. Not by comparison. We had to be relative now. Not by comparison with what was done on the Colorado Plateau. I was trying to think here how many feet of drilling we did in Wyoming. I'd just--offhand I'd guess between a hundred and fifty thousand and well, probably closer to two hundred thousand feet of drilling. But that's a very small amount of drilling by comparison with the millions of feet that have been done since. In all our programs I doubt that we exceeded two hundred thousand feet of drilling, but we did our drilling on a very selective basis, and had good success.RG: What type of area, what were the indications that would warrant drilling in Wyoming?EG: Well, I mentioned this radioactivity and then also a geologic assessment of these sandstones and the geologist's opinion on various criteria. For example, I'm13
 E.W. GRUTT #105talking about rock outcrops where the outcrops liminize stained or they model, or they show a good deal of clay alteration decay with the dip of the bed such that the uranium could have been leeched from the surface and migrated downdip. Therefore the drilling for downdipRG:EG:RG:EG:could possibly be successful, see. A ll these considerations were taken into account. Now very similar to what the geologists had looked for in lead, zinc, or any other metal except that here we're talking about sandstone deposits, so there is a certain difference, deposits in sandstone.How deep was the drilling?From the surface on down to several hundred feet.I understand that they're drilling much deeper than that now in Wyoming.This is right. They're testing the sandstone prisms as far greater depth than we would in those days. Of course, now they have a benefit of what, 15 years experience too, so they have this too--they are able to make betterprojections now--both geologically as well as economic. Were you ever involved in any substantial finds in Wyoming?Let's put it this way, we did not drill in any particular area unless that land had either been, well, in Wyoming there was only one withdraw and that was in PumpkinRG:EG:14
 E.W. GRUTT #105Buttes and that was probably a mistake to withdraw it in the first place. But anyway, it was withdrawn and so we could never drill upon withdrawn land, but in every other case the Commission, I think this is the logical way to do the job, was to drill on land that had already beenacquired by some miners or prospectors or someone else you see. So you can't really say that we discovered anything because well, because we always drilled on land that was owned by someone else. You can see why. Suppose we went on public domain and drilled and found something. All right then the first man that came along and staked that would own it, wouldn't he? And then he could say the government leaked this information to me and I staked it. You see that's what we could be accused of. So therefore the idea of never to drill on land that has not either been withdrawn or owned by somebody else. But somebodycould stake the ground under you right where you're doing the drilling and then somebody else could accuse the AEC, 'Well, look you gave this guy the tip on it.' You would get all kinds of problems. But where I worked we certainly discovered hundreds of anomalies that later became mines. That's one case we certainly discovered lots of ore deposits; no question about it. In our analysis of some of these areas too, for instance Gas Hills, we found the first unoxidized ore in Gas Hills by15
 E.W. GRUTT #105our drilling and the companies did go in later and stepped off and extended these ore deposits. Yes, I'd say the role of the AEC was very important, not only in Wyoming but all over the West, really, in getting theindustry started.RG: How would the private industry's exploration compare withthe AEC's exploration?EG: You mean its type of exploration?RG: Yes.EG: Well of course, remember AEC hasn't done any explorationsince 1956, so exploration today is done with a larger drill, and better methods, better techniques; all this sort of thing. So it's done on a vastly greater scale than it was ever done by the government you see, manyfold greater scale. But otherwise it would be similar. Exploration is exploration. As time goes on you improve techniques and methods and you hope the results get better and less costly this sort of thing. But really the principle remains pretty much the same.GB: What type of, are there any types of metals that are associated with uranium?EG: Gas, here on the Colorado Plateau vanadium is a very important by-product. In fact I guess you'd call it a co- product. And it certainly is economic and it adds to the value of the ore. In Wyoming a good deal of molybdenum is16
 E.W. GRUTT #105found in the ores. It's not really saved as a co-product or a by-product there, nor is it in Grants; it could be. I shouldn't say it isn't. I think perhaps some of the acid circuits at Grants like Herman Gesnell, it's possible for them to recover molybdenum and I think they do and certainly molybdenum was recovered as a co-product of the lignite ores in North and South Dakota, but usually the elements associated with uranium are presentin small or trace amounts and usually it's not warranted to try to recover. The moly and vanadium are the two exceptions I think of. Vanadium is a big exception and moly can be in specific locations.RG: Now, we're familiar with the Happy Jack Mine and it's copper content and has copper or any of these other metal every created any difficulties in separation?EG: Yea it can. It depends on the circuit. It can be a problem in the circuit. Molybdenum certainly is a problem in some of these circuits. Copper can be recovered economically. I understand that the rare metals--this is the El Paso Natural Gas Mill at Tuba City did recover by- product copper from the ores mined at the Orphan Lode which is in Grand Canyon. So here again it depends on the unique situation though and whether or not it's economic to put in a circuit or recovery of the additional metals.Most of the time it isn't. 17
 E.W. GRUTT #105RG: Is there any geological reason or metallurgical reasonwhy these metals are found in conjunction?EG: Yes, there certainly is. Their geochemical behavior is somewhat similar and here again you're getting into anarea that can be quite technical. Let's just say that,let's take molybdenum, arsenic, and selenium and let'stake vanadium and keep it in a separate category,vanadium and uranium really. But these things, thesemetal can all be transported in alkaline solutions andthe first three I mentioned, the molybdenum, the seleniumand arsenic also form sulfide. Well when sulfide isformed it also means the conditions are reducing. Well,if the conditions are reducing the uranium and thevanadium can also be precipitated as oxide minerals, notas sulphide because they don't form sulfide in ordinarytemperatures and pressures. But they can be reduced as wecall it, into an insoluble form which becomes the mineralin the case of uranium, urananite, or coffanite, or inthe case of vanadium, the mineral ---?--- which are ¥Ireduced ores. Out of those same geochemical conditions, the molybdenum seen in the arsenic would be precipitated as sulfide. There's an excellent geochemical reason why these things go together. They're called travellers because they are geochemically quite similar. This is just a real quick cut at it. It's far more detailed than18
 E.W. GRUTT #105 that.RG: Do you have any further questions?GB: I just have one. What seems to be the future of the orereserves in the Western states?EG: The ore reserves?GB: Ore deposits, I mean are we, more and more beingdiscovered. Are there new deposits being discoveredyearly?EG: Yes, there certainly are. Wyoming is an exceptional area--no question about it. And the Texas Gulf Coast is an exceptional area, and of course the Grants Mineral Belt is still in my opinion awfully hard to beat, and they're, they're still finding new ore there. You might just keep in mind that in the Western United States there are three primary areas of mineral production reserve and potential and those are the Wyoming Basin near Rawlins. This includes the Gas Hills, Great Divide Basin, Shirley Basin, Powder River and so on, all the basins in Wyoming. Then the Colorado Plateau Province, this is the next province, Colorado Plateau Province. And this includes area such as Big Indian, Monument Valley, Uravan Mineral Belt, Grants Mineral Belt. Our third province is the Texas Gulf Coastal Plain and that includes the deposits in Carnes County, Dubois County and all those exploration areas going up toward the Louisiana line and going down19
 E.W. GRUTT #105toward the Mexican border. But they're the three you see. That's important.Thank you very much.Thank you very much.[END OF INTER VIEW]RG: GB:20