 ADAM M. DUNCAN Salt Lake City, UtahAn Interview By Mitch HaddadUranium Oral History Project Tape No. 131August 4, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTSBackground . .Uranium Mining Industry Securities ... . .. . 1¥ ¥ ¥ 2Penny Stocks and Uranium Co. Shells TypesofMiningClaims.2 ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 3 4 5 6 . . 11 . 14 . . 16 Typical Prospector - Harsh Environment. . . . . . 18 Stella Dysart ............ . 20 Government Subsidizing 20 Shell Game. 25G illette, Wyoming "New GoldMulti-use of federal land.Charlie Steen . . .Penny Stocks-Public Stock Offerings. Milton Love, SEC Commissioner.The Canyonlands National Park.Slide in the Big Market Contributes to Gambling Urge 31Rush".
 
 THE FOLLOWING IS AN INTERVIEW WITH ADAM M. DUNCAN (ATTORNEY AT L A W]. THE INTER VIEWER I S MITCH HADDAD. THE DA TE I S AUGUST 4 , 1970 IN SALT LAKE CITY. [THIS IS PART OF THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT].MH: Okay. First thing I would like to know, Mr. Duncan is a little about yourself.AD: My name is Adam M. Duncan; I am an Attorney at Law. I am 42 years old; I practiced law for 18 years in Utah. I am a member of the American Bar Association, admitted to practice before the United States Supreme Court, and all lower Federal Courts, Court of Claims, and of course theUtah Supreme Court. Ah, I graduated with honors at the University of Utah Law School, where I was one of the editors of the Law Review. After that, I served as Deputy Attorney General for the state of Utah, assigned to the State Tax Commission. I was also a clerk to the Utah Supreme Court. I left the job with the State Tax Commission to go into private practice at the early stages of the so-called uranium boom and I'll come back to that. Thereafter in 1957 I was elected to the Utah legislature as the youngest member and served two terms there where I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Since 1957, I have also been chairman of, was appointed in 1957, chairman of the Utah Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. And I held that job until 1962, when I resigned. And the next year I wasappointed chairman of the governor's Commission on Civil
 ADAM M. DUNCANRights, and I still hold that job. Most of my work in the profession has been in securities, that is the publicfinancing of companies, the merging and the consolidation of companies, preparation of articles of incorporation and in the last five, or six years in the actions brought under a section of the Federal Securities Law called Rule 10B5 and this involves stock frauds, and we've brought a number of court actions, and made some, I think, landmark law in the tenth circuit. I've been for the last five years a member of the American Bar Association Standing Committee on Federal Regulation Securities. I'm married and have three children.MH: Now you mentioned that, ah, so you see it from all different sides, both as a legislator and also with the tax commission, and also as a lawyer itself.AD: Y es.MH: Handling primarily securities, and talking of legalaspects of the uranium mining industries when you specify two securities what would probably be one of the largest problems when you deal with uranium securities?AD: We're talking about a historical fact, there is no more uranium boom there. There is currently a penny stock boom, and many of old uranium company shells are being revived. But the uranium boom I think was a unique one time thing. I was tax, training for the tax commission2
 ADAM M. DUNCANin, ah, ' 54, and i n the pr ocess some of the legal questions that came up were the taxation of blocked ore, taxation of crushed ore: should the landowner pay it, who got the depletion allowance and that s ort of th i ng. And I met, oh, many of the pioneers in the industries. Madam Curie's uranium, which later became radium with which she did her wonders, was mined out of the Morrison formation on the Colorado Plateau. The Colorado Plateau generallyis southeast Utah, north southwest Colorado, and a little bit of New Mexico. In this area, we are in the atomic age 1945. As a country we are dependent on, ah, particularly Africa, other places for U308, which is the raw material from which the earlier explosions were made and hence the government, in its wisdom, determined that there should be a subsidy for the development of local, that is domestic uranium deposits. And so a scramble started. Seventy-six percent or so of Utah, for example, is federal land, and I'm sure the percent holds true in, in her sister states. So most of the land in Utah is open for prospecting. Now there are two types of miningclaims: one is a placer. Placer is a mineral, mineralization deposited, generally in beds, through old lake beds, stream beds, and so on. Gravel for example is a classic placer. Most metals are deposited in lodes. These are through thermal activity in the ground, which3
 ADAM M. DUNCANhas pushed the metals up through fissures and cracks and they're found and mined in that fashion. Uranium was found in Utah in both beds and fissures and one of the early questions, really was never resolved, was whether we should locate them as placers, which are different type and different type of discovery or lode. And, most of the miners that came out, that is the prospectors who were effete eastern snobs who took the easiest, less difficult areas to locate and you could drive from Blanding to Moab in southeast Utah, and just see rows and rows and rows of the corner stakes where they'd locate flat lands where there is no possibility of any mineralization. There were, I remember another time that land opened up in northern Wyoming. You see for many years the federal government, when it would deed a farm tract to a person, homesteader or a purchaser, would retain the mineral [rights] and this posed some interesting questions particularly in the lush area, likeGillette, Wyoming because the surface was owned by ranchers, group grass; cows would eat it, but underneath the ground if there was any mineralization the feds still owned it. So the federal government in one of its classic gaffs opened one of these areas to location. They said on such and such day at six o'clock in the morning we will be open for location and almost a new Civil War4
 ADAM M. DUNCANdeveloped. This would be about 1956; all the prospectors from around the West and Easterners flying in to get rich, in a new gold rush, filled all t he t owns wit h 200 miles. They flew in in planes, they had their jeeps. Wyoming--sometime state law also determi nes what i s a valid discovery of the mineral deposit--Wyoming required a pit. Other states don't, Utah doesn't. So they had to have front end loaders to dig a pit. All you needed to do was stake your 20 acres, and put your stakes up and dig your pit, say there's some mineralization in it and youMH: AD:owned land. But obviously the ranchers were not happy about having the pits dug and ruin their grazing. So they lined up along the fence post with their 30.06s and when the time came for the folks to come and locate they fired a few shots in the air, and after some hassling back and forth this area was withdrawn from the location. This is true in many places now, the surface is owned by somebody but the federal government owns the underlying minerals. In Utah much of our land is under Taylor Grazing Act. That is from year to year so many animals units arerented.Uh hum.So many acres and you pay the government a certain rate.And you're running cattle or sheep while prospectors are trying to dynamite the face of the hill to find the face5
 ADAM M. DUNCANof ore, and this multi-use is going to be one of the biggest problems that Congress and the BLM and so on are going to face in the coming years.Um hum.In a couple years.Isn't that public land Law 589 or something like that. Oh, you got the new one?Um h u m .Yeah, multi-purpose, multi-use, but it hasn't solved, it hasn't solved it yet because the question of damaging: mining prospectors are supposed to restore it to the original condition. Now see in southern Utah and this is where I had most of my experience you'd have a guy like Charlie Steen, and this is a classic legend of the "OldWest." Charlie Steen went to one of the Texas colleges of mining. Bummed around the country, a hard drinking, two fisted fighting tough guy, and he came on to the Colorado Plateau rather late. Most of the prospecting had been done in the Morrison formation, the Green River member and its seamed with uranium but not thick, not rich, but they were mining this, the early prospects were. Charlie came up with a theory that it might be in another formation known as the Shinarump or the Chinle. And he tried to beg, borrow, and steal money down in Moab, Dove Creek, Colorado, which is over the state line. HisMH: AD: MH: AD: MH: AD:6
 ADAM M. DUNCANstories are legend how people would turn him down, "I'll give you half if I find it, for a thousand dollars". He swears this is true, he told me. But at last, he was down to his last few bucks. He had a trail rig he borrowed and he poked a hole where he did because he couldn't go where he wanted to go, the ideal location. This was down in the Big Indian District in a very colorful part of Utah but the flat lands below are grazing lands and some are fee lands owned by a farmer rancher. The cliffs on the west side of this anticline are very bare and Charlie drilled on the side of one and hit the biggest mine in Utah. This was called Mi Vida, my life, he had had other mines he'd called that. I have been through Mi Vida. Suddenly he's rich and he had some debts to pay off. He told me that he had never been inside a court room in his life. And he was 40 something when he discovered Mi Vida and he was sued 200 times within the next six months, by everybody that claims, "Well, I gave you that." The day he struck Mi Vida he had someone's jug of Jack Daniels, which was his favorite booze. Because this guy gave him the booze, he said, "Part of the mine is mine." He also had a big row with his mother-in-law who claimed that half the minewas hers. He had to settle with her. Many, many law suits, but when the ore was that rich, he had no trouble financing the rest of it. It was a very major mine and7
 ADAM M. DUNCANstill is. They built a mill at Moab, boomed the town of Moab, and Charlie moved up on top of a very barren hill near this pretty little town and built Charlie's Castle; swimming pool, big bar, very vogue, maybe a half a million dollar house, and proceeded to make very large donations to the hospital and churches and so on. Was shortly thereafter elected to the state senate from that area. I served in the legislature with him, where he thought that because he was the most richest man around, estimates ranged from 35 million on up, that he would be accorded great deference and he wasn't. I remember he rented a suite over here in the Hotel Utah Motor Lodge, whole top floor for the Atlas Corporation, or was it Utex, he had two corporations. In any event, I remember going there one night with my wife and Charlie would have the legislators in or friends or businessmen in and hewould have his wife go in and bring out the court jewels and she'd show them and then they'd put them back in the safe. And he said he'd paid over a million dollars for the jewelry. She was a small town girl and was very embarrassed and never wore them; they were simply kept for showing on occasions like this. He had a man, Jennings Phillips, who was a PR man who was the court jester. He was the man who was to keep all his clients and his friends happy, ---?--- very rapidly into small8
 ADAM M. DUNCANtalk and so he would go into one of the rooms, and turn on, very loud, a stereo set playing flamenco music, and he was crazy about flamenco music, and flamenco girls and disappeared for the evening. Utterly eccentricindividual. One night I was at his apartment, and his two children popped in, with the pilot. He had his own private plane; he had left them down at the home in Moab. They had gotten lonely for their dog so they went out to the pilot and insisted that he fly them up to Salt Lake so they could pick up their dog and come back down. The pilot was afraid that he would get fired by Charlie if he did and if he didn't, the kids would get him in trouble. So he flew them up here. Total eccentric, something that could have come out of V irginia City 100 years ago. A fter Charlie left here, I again talked to him a few times in Reno. He bought one of the most beautiful ranches I have ever seen, in Washoe Valley and which is very, very valuable, expensive land and he was rasing cows on land that just wasn't economical, wasn't sound, but again he thought he might have a political future. He was a southern, republican, ultraconservative. I remember he voted for the civil rights bill I introduced, and they always called it my "Nigger" bill. Charlie then went into a whole bunch of other things. He bought a pickle factory, a bunch of other mining things and finally went9
 ADAM M. DUNCANbankrupt. Lost his home, had a receiver appointed for him. He had to sell the jewelry, some of the things that he did when he had it are classic in the "Old West." He'd been refused credit in a barber shop one time in Dove Creek so he went back when he was very rich, bought the building, kicked the barber out. On the other hand, people that were kind to him, his gifts were legend. He'd think nothing of giving a half a million to someone that helped him when he was down. His school teacher that had a great influence on him in Texas, so after he hit it big he bought her a home and a car, flew her with him and hisMH: AD:family to Europe and then he bought a yacht and those in the Utah legislature that had voted with him (I not being one) were invited to pick it up I think at Galveston, and the yacht went to Europe. But he took the school teacher with him and just showered her with gifts because of her influence.Hum.Now, will Charlie Steen raise again? Bankrupt, threats of criminal charges, federal government, very large liens, and of course the real question of tax law on mineral income; what's depletion and what so on, but in anyevent, he's wiped out in Nevada. There was story in the paper last week that Charlie was again prospecting on the Colorado Plateau and felt that he had now found uranium10
 ADAM M. DUNCANagain. The urani um boom whi ch I would say began in approximately 1952 a little bit, hit its stride in '54 and was probably burned out by '57. Salt Lake was the center. I remember three very good fr iends of mine , one of them, two of them were school teachers, and one was afry cook. And they opened a hamburger joint on Main Street just around the corner, called the Grabateria. And they were simply running this as part-time income. When the uranium boom hit, they converted the part in the front that had been for rootbeer, put a board up on the wall and they would hang a sign that said, Uranium Burgers. On the board, you could order your hamburgers, while it was frying you could buy penny stock, from maybe 50. The names were fascinating too. After a short time anybody that could put up four stakes and had a geiger counter to locate the claims with could form a company. The public clamoring for the stocks. One of the problems was what names you could use; I remember one time I had litigation between Rockets Mining and Rocket Uranium. There were two companies too close to each other. Therewas a Temco and a Timco, they either wanted a name that was high on the list or bottom of the list, alphabetically. So anything that had an "a" or "aa" was premium and of course they got into things like Uranus, that's very close to the bottom of the list. You had to11
 ADAM M. DUNCANchose and I had over 40 of these three hundred thousand dollar offerings that I processed through the SEC. Some of them raised all their money. Some of them raised some, but there was the sameness about them, none of them had anything; they were all after something. And the big mines that developed Picks mines, Steen's mine, the Rattle Snake Mine were always developed by private people. If anybody had a very big prospect he could generally find some people that would go with him on it rather than have to sell it to the public. But Doxey, Merkley and Clark was the name of the brokage firm that opened in the Grabateria. They later became NASD members, broker dealers. One time I did some work for them. I remember, they had a net worth of maybe two or three hundred thousand dollars. Then one of the stocks that they were interested in started to drop. They felt that had to buy it. It's a good buy so they loaded up on it and the stock became worthless and they went bankrupt.Another one, a mutual fund salesman named Jack Call--Jack Call was selling a couple thousand dollars worth of mutual funds every month. Boom came along. I remember we formed his brokerage, cleared a company called Republic Uranium. We announced in the paper that it was for saleand over the weekend (it was in the old Kearns Building) over the weekend, before the offering even started, when12
 ADAM M. DUNCANhe came to work Monday morning there was over 40 thousand dollars in either cash or checks people had pushed through his transom, through his mail slot saying, "Buy me anything". And of course naturally when Republic came out at a penny why it went to ten or twelve cents. It had an interesting piece of property and no uranium on it. Another firm that formed, later became Call Smoot. His partner was Steve Smoot who just recently resigned. He's been head of the Democratic party in Utah and also resigned recently as Department of Commerce director for Utah, whatever his title is. They also went bankrupt. Then there was another one, Dick Mueller. Dick had an MBAfrom Harvard, and he had been working with, I think, several exchange houses. He quit, formed Mueller Dumkey &Light. And they sold so much penny stock that they then bought a seat on the New York Stock Exchange with great publicity, the youngest member of the New York Stock Exchange. Light later spun off and Dumkey went off to other things. Dick Mueller sold his seat to Schwabacher. But very great fortunes were made in a very short time, not through digging uranium ore, but from getting a bunch of shares in the penny stock, and watching the stock run. The violations of the Federal Securities Laws, why, every sort of violation occurred, but nobody was doing it onpurpose. They just didn't know and the staff in Denver, 13
 ADAM M. DUNCANof the SEC was very small, hadn't had any experience with this sort of thing. They didn't know what to do with it. This was true in Seattle, true in Los Angeles, Fort Worth, Texas. These were other SEC offices, they just didn't know how to handle it. I remember in order to clear a public stock offering you'd have to obtain a permit from the state as well as filing with the SEC. The SEC theory about these small offerings is that if you make a full disclosure it's all right. You just say, we don't have anything, we may never have anything, and good luck, but in order to get a permit from the state they are supposed to pass on the business prospects of your offering. And the commissioner at the time was a fellow named Milton Love, an utterly fascinating guy. I remember on Republic Uranium for example, we had cleared it, we had the permit, and the stock was all committed. He had the money, just hadn't sent the confirmations out, we had a 15 percent commission. Over the weekend, Mr. Love felt that this was excessive so he cut it to 12 1/2 percent.Arbitrarily, no hearing, nothing. He just said I'm not going to let any more than 12 percent commission so we had to give back a certain amount of the money. At another time it occurred to him that there should be some way for the insiders who were getting stock to evaluate the property they are putting in. Now if you're putting14
 ADAM M. DUNCANin a proven blocked out ore body, and this never happened, it would be fairly easy to get appraisal. What if you're just putting in mining claims where you hope some day you do--take the public's money and drill a hole or dig a pit or run a shaft and hope you hit it. So one time he concluded that no mining claim is worth more than $100. Now Charlie Steen's Mi Vida was essentially one mining claim. There were others, but the mine was there, 35 million on one claim, but Love decided that nobody could receive stock in a public company for more than a 100 dollars a claim. So then there developed a sub- species of humans who were claim locators; you could get a $100 worth of stock for a claim, so you sent a guy out to say here's a nice vacant area of Utah or Wyoming, Idaho, or Colorado, just stake it, just right up against each other. And I'll give you $10 a claim and I'll take $100 for the stock, because he doesn't care; the state commissioner doesn't care as long as there are that many claims. Another problem occurred, if you had one verygood claim you thought was worth a lot of money, he still wouldn't allow more than $100, so then you would have to locate what we came to know as goat pasture and many parts of Utah now, if you are driving along in a remote area, a creek bed, you'll fine an old stake, an location where they simply locate completely off formation, just15
 ADAM M. DUNCANwhere it was easy to stake. Pick, Vernon Pick, came from the East; I don't remember what he did, he had a little grubstake, and he found his mine as I remember on the White River, White Canyon, and much publicity, national magazines and newspapers on how this boy from the East had came out and ah, struck it big and he did have a great face of high grade ore in this Shinerump/Chinleformation. He worked it for awhile and then a big story that some major, I think it was this Atlas Corporation, had purchased him out for ten million dollars. What the journalist didn't know or didn't say was that they purchased the amount for ten million dollars payable out of ore, or payable annually and they ran the shaft, that is the drift not too many feet farther and the ore was gone. Now there's some effort in order to revive the old Pick Mine, that Vernon Pick one day was worth ten million dollars, the next day nothing; same thing on Charlie Steen. Now this, this occurred, these things occurred in various other areas in the United States, but the bigarea is what is now roughly Canyonlands National Park, southern Utah, but it's broader, it's all gutted and split by erosion. It's one of the most fasinatingly, eerily beautiful places I have ever seen in the world. For example Goblin Valley, you drive through Goblin Valley, these are old sand and limestones that have been16
 ADAM M. DUNCANeroded, what's left standing are grotesque figures. You see it at sundown, it's unbelievably beautiful; the Wayne wonderland, the farther south and you get into famous Monument Valley which goes into Arizona. Then if you getfarther west you get into Zions Park, Great White Throne, Angels' Landing, Bryce Canyon. Bryce Canyon is eroded red sandstones with layers of white limestone. Erosions make a vermilion color with white bands in it. Utterly beautiful, utterly desolate most of it, even recently there have been problems about prospectors cutting roadsinto these national monuments, thereby defacing or inviting further erosion of these monuments. The Arches National Monument, nothing like it in the world, huge natural arches. Well, this is the background. I've driven on old mining roads where the scenery just was stunning. Very common to see rattlesnakes, one big problem is the enormous heat; you would have to have avery sturdy vehicle to go out prospecting. What I used to do is go out, check the corners were up properly, the discovery was made, see if there was any brass cap anywhere around to indicate maybe we were on surveyed land or fee land. Much of it is unsurveyed and of course a mining claim has to tie into something so you can prove, say, my claim begins 500 feet north, northwest of such and such. If you find a brass cap where the survey17
 ADAM M. DUNCANis, that's easy. Very few of them were located this way, so they would tie them into natural obvious mines. And some of the names of the mines were beautiful, there were the Rabbits Ears, Neva's Nipples, Browns Hole; these were famous names in the old mining days, and old desperado days, we were getting down now to the Sun Dance Kid area sure and these were these were very wild areas. The first settlement across the Colorado was very difficult; see the Colorado just shaves a piece off of Utah, you can't get across it and the first mission was called the Big Horn--Elk Mountain--the Mormon mission--Brigham Young sent a bunch of folks down and they had to get their wagons across and this is where Moab came from. Then one of our uranium companies was called Elk Mountain.Then there were a lot of Indian names like Abajo. There's Abajo range. But a fairly typical instance would be this- -there was a chap who had been a manufacturer's representative in New York. He came out to Salt Lake. He'd read about the--he rented a truck and a jeep four wheel drive, got himself a geiger counter, and at one time they went as high as $1,000, at the end of the boom you could buy a used one for $50. More sophisticated ones with scintillometers, but you didn't really need it. He then drove down out of a place called Hanksville which is the end of the world; very, very hot, Car would boil, you18
 ADAM M. DUNCANhad problems if your car broke down, no roads--there are roads now in a lot of these places--and you drove outinto these sandy beds till his jeep got stuck and so that's where he located his claims and formed a uranium company raised three hundred thousand dollars, drilled some holes, there was nothing there. Ah, one of the dangers you always face in going up into these canyons is, generally the road, such as it was, the two tracks went up the creek bed and rain storms in this part of the country are the most dangerous things imaginable, because I have seen this happen. I've seen a wall of water come down these canyons six, eight feet high, just cresting. If you're there it'd wipe you out or take the jeep. I've seen jeeps washed away and then of course you may have no more water again for months. Well, I think that covers most of that.MH: Um hum, now ah--AD:Oh, let me tell about some others. Now in New Mexico, and it's the same thing with the tail end of the boom, it became very obvious that these little noses, generally they were alluvial deposits, were not where the big ore bodies were. They would be deeper and they would be in old beds, old lake beds where the logs would jam and the percolating waters would replace the logs with U308, or the raw ore. So, I meet a woman and this was one of the19
 ADAM M. DUNCANfascinating women of the year. Her name was Stella Dysart, nobody knew how old she was. Stella Dysart came to Utah in the '20s. She was a beautiful woman, and ah, she would have visions, sort of like Amy Sample Macpherson, she was a contemporary, she wore a white flowing gown, spotlight on her, she knew where a mine was. And the spot would be on her, people would come forward and give her money. This happened in the '20s or early '30s. Later there were stories that she had been convicted and gone to jail or had not, I don't know, but I met her, about 1955. The reason so many people got intouranium was the government was subsidizing. They would buy all the ore you could produce. They would give you bonuses, all sorts of breaks. If you wanted a survey of where there are indications of possibilities of ore, AEC would come in and tell you, "Look in such and such area." They published books. Go stake them here and dig or drill, every help they could to develop the domestic uranium industry. Well, at some point maybe 1 55 it became apparent to the majors, major mining and oil companies that they were missing out on a prospective source of great energy. So Stella Dysart moved to New Mexico. She went out during the '20s and '30s, had located an area west of Albuquerque, which she named Ambrosia Lake and she sold the stock, she sold an undivided acre and20
 ADAM M. DUNCANundivided quarter of an acre or a deed to an acre. She sold this whole basin. She sold it all over the country, all over the world. At one time I think were 15 thousand people had bought from this woman. Well, she had raised the money ostensibly to drill for oil. She drilled the hole all right. There was no oil there, but she kept the old cores, and in the early 'sos somebody had themassayed and they were very high grain uranium; deep, 500 to 2500 feet deep. Now the problem was how did she get it back. So Stella Dysart leased a part of that property to Phillips Petroleum, part of it to Kerr McGee Oil, Oklahoma City and they developed a very major, I think it's four compartment shaft mine. It's one of the biggest uranium producers and is the biggest in New Mexico. And I haven't seen Stella for perhaps ten years. I don't even know if she's still alive. But what she would do, she would claim to have the proxy for these 15 thousand people and you would pay her for the proxy and then she would deed the land to you. And I remember when Phillips took it, many of these people are now dead, but they'd own one acre sitting in the middle of the ore body. Sella would take the money herself. I remember when we bought a piece of land from her, I gave her the check and I said, "Do I pay it to you as trustee?" And she said, "I don't care how you pay it, it's my money." And Phillips21
 ADAM M. DUNCANand Kerr-Mcgee were very concerned because they were paying her substantial advance bonuses. The royalties they paid were very excessive. Around here a standard stake royalty on a mining claim was 12 1/2 percent. That's about all you can carry. She would get 27 to 30 percent because the ore was there, a very major ore body, this one developed at depth. The last time I had heard from Kerr-Mcgee and Phillips were still developing the ore body there. Stella Dysart loved her diamonds, loved her young men, loved to keep herself looking young. At the time I met her she must have been in her seventies, and she could have passed for mid-forties. But she was queen of the uranium days. I don't think there was a woman like that.MH: Now, a lot of these people, in like in all these instances, it seems like all these people are just on threads and whims. I mean it's like especially in securities. They really didn't have anything half thetime did they?AD: Not half the time, almost never.MH: And they got away with it.AD: Well, I don't know if they got away with it. MD: Well, regularly.AD: They--if you read some of the old prospectuses, or offering circulars, generally they told the truth. They'd22
 ADAM M. DUNCANsay, we've got 400 claims. We don't know if we even own the titles to them, we're going to go out and drill some holes. Would you like to come along.Um hum.So, I don't think that there was crookedness or taking people in that sense. It was more proof of P. T. Barnum's adage, there's one born every minute. And most of the purchasers of these mining stocks were Easterners.Um hum, people out to make a quick buck.MD: AD:MD: AD:Yeah, they'd never been out to the West. They knew they couldn't ever get to be a millionaire working in a sweatshop in Lower Manhattan, but they could dig up 100 bucks and get themselves a half a million shares of the Rickefratz Petroleum of the Rumnuts Mining Company and have at it. So, I think you could rationalize it this way, a lot of folks had a lot of fun.Um hum. Now when the Securities Exchange Commission tightened down they had this Wheat Report, a Wheat Report--Oh, the Wheat Report is very recent and it has nothing to do with uranium boom.It's just primarily ah, administrative tightening down,MH:AD:MH:finally. Well, that's right.AD: That's very complicated. I just wrote a Law Review notewhich you are welcome to an autographed copy of. And part 23
 ADAM M. DUNCANof it is on the Wheat Report, but this has nothing to do with uranium boom. The boom was over in the late '50s.MH: Um hum.AD: The interesting thing that as a post script, I don't knowhow many, I would guess thousands of mining companies were formed. Mostly here but there were a lot in Colorado, Wyoming, Idaho, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico. And again mostly here. But these were all places where there are a lot with open spaces to put stakes up. And those companies generally raised their money, drilled holes, or mined, or the president drove a new Cadillac for a few years and the companies went broke and their charters were suspended. Then in the last six or five years, the SEC has tightened down administratively on ragyase types of disclosure and maybe they even had exceeded their authority by saying, "Even so much disclosure if the offering has no chance we will notclear it even if you say it has no chance." As a result, it has become very much more difficult to, and it would be very tough on the broker. Any broker who, broker dealer, who dealt in securities that they felt were wrong, they'd rack them on technicalities. A very real weapon of the SEC is net capital rule. A broker must havea certain net capital to engage in a securities business. So the SEC at some point ruled that a stock under two24
 ADAM M. DUNCANdollars was not to be considered in your net capital, so if you had a million dollars worth of penny stocks, it would not help you in computing your net capital. So it made it very difficult for brokers to sell them, to position them to make a market in penny stocks. As a result the shell game came about. This is current, thisis happening today, people are calling all the time. There's a doctor in Northern California that has some nursing homes that wants to put them into a shell. There was a fellow in Northern California that has a bunch of franchises for food stores and wants them in a shell. A shell corporation is, for example, an old mining company which had 15 hundred stockholders for example, and no assets; you put assets in, revive the charter, put letters out to brokers and to your stockholders and presumably the stock will then jump in and rise precipitously. The interesting thing is some of the old ones El Dorado Mining, Gold Seal, just many, many of them, never were over two or three cents, now with nothing really in them are now trading in dollars. Now we are not playing games any more, this now becomes a very real basis for fraud and now some these we have litigated. Here was one, it wasn't a mining company but it was one that was formed around here, DumontCorporation. That was a contraction of two men's names,25
 ADAM M. DUNCANDuane and Monte. They formed a real estate company they had around here and had a few mortgages going nowhere. Ah, a bunch of sophisticates from Fort Lee, New Jersey said, "We want to merge our software computer company into yours." The stock had never traded very well; it's what we call a farmer's market, just folks trading over the back fence, maybe just 50 cents or 25 cents. So what these fellows did in New York was get the stock holders list of Dumont and it was all over the West and they would send a person out and they'd say, "We'11 pay 50 cents for all Dumont stock you can buy. Keep it in the name of the person you buy it from, and have his signature guaranteed and we'11 give you 10 cents a share." If you'd buy it for 25 cents, you'd make the difference. They then bought up most of the stock from these people. They then put the software company, which in fact had nothing, and the stock traded in 7, 8, 9, 10 dollars. Ah, millions of dollars worth of that stock thatthese folks in Fort Lee, New Jersey had purchased for 25 cents, 50 cents, was dumped. We litigated that on behalf of some of the stock holders who had sold at 25, 50 cents to these people without a full disclosure. The SEC has brought criminal actions, they've brought injunctions in San Francisco and Las Vegas, Nevada, New Jersey. The fact is there are an awful lot of folks sitting on 7 or 826
 ADAM M. DUNCANdollars Dumont stock that never was worth more than 50 cents. That's how you t ake- -not a true shell because it had some assets--but you take a shell and jiggle it, makeit run. And in a sense, I blame the commission in part for this by making regulation in f iling or S- l ' s , full registrations more complicated and more diff i cul t, and making it very difficult on brokers who are try i ng to play it straight, on a technical violation. They've created an underworld of the securities industry. They don't have to be licensed, they're not subject to a lot of the regulations of the SEC relative to brokers. There's one fellow here in town who discharged from the Marine Corps, had no money, went to being a trader during the uranium boom. That is he would get one phone, he'd match orders on the ABC mining stock for one and a half and to two and buy and sell, that's what he did. He then went to the East, worked with a New York house came back here very broke. Last time I saw him he was worth, and this was about a month ago, he was worth 2 or 3 million dollars, and all he had done was find shells, pick up the stock, sell them to someone who wanted to jiggle, keep back the stock and sell it as it went up. By keeping the stock in the street names it's very difficult for an investigator to determine who the seller is. It wouldn ' t be he selling, it would be in the name of the person who27
 ADAM M. DUNCANappeared on the stock certificate. So the uranium boom went on but some of these old shells that were never worth the stock when they had the money and they had a mining prospect, they never traded for more than 2 or 3 cents are now traded for very high figures.MH: So the whole aspect is still going on.AD: Yes, and there is something more profound then simplyMH: AD:having the SEC; the Wheat Report, by the way doesn't go to this.Um h u m .Ah, there have been recent bulletins put out by the SEC on shells. Here is another gimmick that was used in those days and is still used, you take--there's an outfit in Phoenix that does this very well. They have a company that's trading, there's an old shell its got maybe five thousand stockholders. You come to them--this client ofmine did--with some land on Hawaii, you put the land into a new corporation. They, this public company, will take half your stock for forming; they will take half of your stock and they will distribute half of their half to their 15 thousand or 5 thousand stockholders. So your company is public, it's trading it's got 5 thousand stockholders. You still own half of it, the company that did this for you has got a quarter of your stock and the public's got a quarter. So you've automatically created28
 ADAM M. DUNCANa public company. This one company in Arizona did this nine times last year, without putting in a dime themselves, simply were using their stockholders as a magnet for these companies. The stockholders were gettingfree stock as a spin off and then each of the satellites would trade independently. And the question is whether it's worth it to you to have a publicly traded vehicle, is it? You see, you've got a hundred thousand dollars worth of land in Hawaii and nobody's buying it. You put it into stock into a company the way I 've just suggested, you end up with only half the stock. So you end up with only a hundred thousand shares. You don't have your land anymore, but you've got a hundred thousand shares which are trading at ten dollars a share. So instead of having a hundred thousand dollars worth of land you've now got a million dollars worth of paper. And this is what is happening currently. And I think when talk about this being western history, ah, it happened here because there's nothing that will stir the imagination or put aglint in a person's eye quite like a mine or an oil well, and this is where they are. But most of the people that did most of the gambling lived in the East, they don't, they don't see a lot.MH: Um hum. The opportunity was here and opportunism was in the East.29
 ADAM M. DUNCANAD: And of course most of the jigglers, that is those whocould make the stock go up and down, were in the bucket shops of New York. But ah, I remember I saw one not to long ago, a revived shell, which shall remain nameless. They took--some Northern Californians put in some liquor stores, a bread company, a furniture store, and the stock went from a quarter of a cent to 90 cents. No jiggles as far as I know. It's just suddenly the word got out that this is the one to play poker with. And most of the big houses have taken a "tut tut" attitude, we don't trade a stock under two dollars, and we won't trade a spec. We want to see the financial statement. For a while during the transition from the old management to the new management, I was acting as the, I was the process agent, so all the stock transfers came in here. And they'd come in from Solomon from Rockefeller, Merrill Lynch, it was a Who's Who's of the New York Stock Exchange. These houses were not, they said, dealing in them; but boy were they doing volumes for their customers. And without--this stock originally was mostly located here in the Utah andthe adjacent states. I'd say three fourths of the stock, is now held in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. And somebody was telling somebody to buy in the East. And I remember I helped them draft their first stockholders letter and it said, "We don't have anything, we have a30
 ADAM M. DUNCANcouple of l i quor stores , there are 13 million shares of stock outstanding." All you have t o do is put a pencil to it to figure out the stock is worth a quarter of a cent. As soon as the letter came out the stock went another 20 cents. So most these people--and th i s i s also one reason I attribute--one of the reasons I say this happened with the SEC's lack of understanding of the need to channel these speculative needs and interests through them, byexpediting things. Sometimes a regyase takes six months to clear and you want to do your hole before then. Sometimes they wouldn't ever clear a company at all. So, as a result the shells became the buy. And another thing that contributed to it greatly, particularly in the last year, is this slide in the big market. I mean, if you can, as I did, buy American Tel and Tel for your children, knowing it's absolutely safe at a lowest the market's ever been, 52 bucks, and watch it go to 43; if you lose money on a big blue chip like that one, the bluest, why not play a poker game. Our tax structure invites it. Ah, you buy Rickefratz Oil, and you hold it six months you either got your loss or gain. But it's treated differently in your taxes, than if it's just an ordinary loss. Capital gain, capital loss i nvites speculation. One suggestion has been don't give them six months, make capital gains a year. There's some merit to31
 ADAM M. DUNCANthat. They're talking about changing capital gains tax treatment in the last reform bill. But perhaps making, making the period a year--holding would change the speculation use. But something that's very, very apparent, and I just came back from Europe and you can see it there; it's the gambling urge. People in England just go crazy. They'll take their fish and chips money to buy the Irish Sweeps and the Saturday races. This is very much a part of the human nature, I think, and certainly part of the American nature of Americans, and speculative buying stocks have been exciting to me.AD: Thank you. á(END OF INTER VIEW]32
 