 GRANT CALDWELL Salt Lake City, Utah Tape No. 73An interview by Mitch HaddardAugust 6, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsMr. Caldwell's Background. 1 Background of Nissly versus Union Carbide. 1 TheTrialItself. . . . . . . ... 9
 The following is an interview with Grant Caldwell, conducted by Mitch Haddard, at the Kennecott Building, Salt Lake City, Utah on August 6, 1970."This is Mitch Haddard interviewing Mr. Grant Caldwell in the Kennecott Building, Salt Lake City, on August 6, 1970, for the Utah--Cal State Fullerton Uranium Oral History Project.H: Okay, Mr. Caldwell, the first thing I'd like to know, is a little bit about yourself, please.C: I am a certified public accountant. A graduate of the University of Utah. I've been in public practice since 1950. I first became associated with the firm of Messina, Jackson, and Ulmer. In 1952I became a partner of that firm.In 1958 Mark Messina, the managing partner, died,and under the terms of the partnership agreement, it continued on for the fractional year in which the death occurred and two full years after that. The firm was liquidated pursuant to the partnership agreement.In 1962, at which time the predecessor firm became Caldwell, Nielson, Cambell, and Company. That firm continued until October 1, 1968, at which time it merged with Main, LePrince, and Company, of which I am the managing partner of the Salt Lake City office.H: Now, was it while under your own firm that you became involved in the economie aspects of the Nissly versus Union Carbide, correct?C: Yes, Sir.
 INTERVIEW: Caldwellpage 2H: Uh huh. Could you tell me how this came about?C: This came about through a prior association with the law firm of Joseph L. Alioto, and prior engagements involving anti-trust liti- gation on which we worked with his office. He engaged our firm initially to go back to New York City to examine the records of Vanadium Corporation of America and United States Vanadium Corporationin regard to economic data as it related to the uranium and vanadium transactions.H: Now in dealing economically with a field that came quickly and swiftly as the uranium boom did, were there certain problems, you know, which you encountered when you looked at these records? I mean, certain macro-economic problems which, you know, pervaded?C: Yes. The primary problem was one of lack of segregation of the economics as related to those two products versus other activities that those corporations were engaged in.H: So then, there was deemed to be a definite lack of separation of the actual buying of the vanadium and then the product of the uranium,which became a by- product? They really . . .C: Yes, I think that ...H: There was no distinction made, right?C: There was some distinction and some segregation of sales. I would say it would be in the area of cost in which there was the greatest lack of segregation from other economic activity.
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell page 3H: How much of a difference in, say, price was--would it be deemed? I mean, no one--decisions of the court come under this type of vary-- it's a triple damage suit. But was there quite a bit of difference between the actual figure paid and the figure estimated of worth value?C: Yes, there actually was quite a difference. This is going back quite a long number of years and so I'm straining my power of recollection, but as I recall, the first sales by the miners in the Four Corners areaof vanadium ore was in 1938. There were very few sales in '38 and'39. The activity was greatly accelerated in '40, '41, and '42. Up until the spring of 1942, the price paid to miners was approximately twenty-one cents. And I believe that was for two percent content of vanadium. In the fore-part of 1942, the United States Vanadium Corp- oration became a buying agent for Metals Reserve Company, which wasa governmental agency for procurement of this ore. At that time, they increased the price up to thirty-one cents, and that price remained in effect for approximately some--almost ten years. That price was the price paid to those miners who owned their own claims or who leased from others to whom they would pay and make their own royalty arrange- ments. There were other situations where the miners were actually mining claims owned by the defendant corporations. In those instances there were varying circumstances. In some instances, there was ineffect, royalty paid the defendant corporations. This would range all the way, as I recall, from five percent up to perhaps twelve and one- half per cent. There were other situations where the miners would bepaid, for example, when the going price was thirty-one cents, the miners
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell page 4C: would be paid predominantly twenty cents which left an eleven cent spread. That eleven cent spread, as I understood it, was in lieu ofa royalty payment. There were some instances where the defendant corporations actually had leases from other miners and in turn would have the miners operate the property. There were other situations where payment would be made on a per ton basis without apparent regardto the vanadium content of the ore. There were other situations where the defendant corporation would supply the miners with certain items of the equipment. For example, a compressor, and would recoup their loss out of the--from the settlement sheets, which is the basis for paying the miners for the ore mined. So, there wasn't an entirely consistent pattern as far as the payment was concerned. Of course, during the course of the trial, we got to meet with many of the miners and their wives and then we were afforded an opportunity to hear their side of the story from the standpoint of economics on whether they thought whether the amounts they received were fair and equitable.One observation in connection with this aspect of the case is thatupon the plaintiffs receiving settlement for income tax purposes.They had an auction at that time. That auction was to take the gross proceeds received back to the years to which they pertained. Or toreport in the year they received the recovery, the net amount. That is, the gross paid for the ore less their proportionate share of the expenses. In handling the tax aspects of it, it was subsequently determined thatmany of the miners were not making enough to have filed income tax returns in those early years.
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell page 5H: So this would economically state that the eleven cent spread that came about, or, you know, the deficits which came as a result econ- omically, greatly affected the lives of these people on the Colorado Plateau?C: Well, the spread primarily between the thirty-one cents and the twenty cents--are you referring to the contract miners?H: Well, not so much in the contract, but also wasn't there another price spread between the actual that was paid and the amount which was theoretically to be assessed?C: Oh yes. lt--as far as the pricing is concerned, in the spring of 1942, when USV became the purchasing agent for Metals Reserve, Metals Reserve authorized the USV to pay up to fifty cents a pound. They as buying agent, actually as I recall, acquired some of the ore from the defendantá, the co-defendant corporation at some forty-eight cents,while at the same time, the miners were only being paid thirty-one cents. And so, part of the damage computation was made on the basisof the spread between forty cents, forty-eight cents, and eighty cents, versus what the miners had in fact been paid as indicated on their settlement sheets. The other aspect, of course, of the damage comput- ations was predicated upon the fact that the miners were not paid for the uranium content of the ore. As I recall, the ratio of vanadiumto uranium was six to one as a general rule. And there was also in-cluded as part of the damage studies, a value accorded to the pounds of uranium that could have been expected to be extracted from the ore on
 INTERVIEW: Caldwellpage 6C:that ratio. And using--it was something--I think i t was a dollar twenty-five per pound--that aspect of the damage computation was later thrown out by, I believe, the Circuit Court of Appeals onthe basis that it would be necessary for specific identification of ore sold by the defendant corporations which had been acquired from the plaintiffs and the amount that they had received for such sales. It was. determined that it would be impossible to develop that inform- ation.This brings me to the question of records. Now, you first come to the ques.tion of how cooperative were the defendant companies, you know, opening to you their records, say to you, their certified public accountant or to the prosecution, the lawyers themselves?And also, how accurate or how willing were the miners themselves to open up their records?Taking the first part of the question--the defendant corporation-- corporations--were rather confining in the spectrum of material thatwe were given to examine. As. a matter of fact, my first trip back to New York City resulted in ai1most a useless effort by virtue of the fact that the records that I requested would have to be approved through house counsel of the defendant corporations. And I found myself waiting as long as three hours for additional information being brought down to examine. I found myself in a very small roomwith a forty watt light globe, no windows and frought with this type of treatment and the fact that I just wasn't making any progress, I found is necessary to prevail on Mr. Alioto's office to get them to beH:C:more cooperative in the production of records.
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell page 7H:Because I noticed in the docket of the case that there was--I counted them and I think there was a request for nine or ten interr- ogatories. I mean, court orders that this information be released. And I was wondering about the nature of that, because usually an interrogatory is something that is used only when there is definite opposition being given.Well, that gets into the legal field, and I assume that to be correct. But as. far as the plaintiffs were concerned they were overly, overly solicitious in trying to furnish us with every bit of information that they possible could. Of course, this case, as I recall, went tocourt in 1959 and we were dealing with records relating back to the years 1938 and forward. And not everyone retains records for that length of time, so there were many instances I'm sure where the miners would have been valid plaintiffs in the case had it not been for the fact that their records had been destroyed. The defendant corporations, I might add, also furnished all of the settlement sheets which they had in their files, but they couldn't represent that that was all the settlement sheets that they ever had. So we were never certain as to the completeness of the information as to any one plaintiff. I thinkin regard to the plaintiffs, in respect to furnishing us with inform- ation, we had the opposite problem, and that is furnishing us with a lot of material that was extraneous to the matter at hand.Were there any particular people that were able to furnish more than others?C:H:C:Yes, there were people who had very complete accurate records.
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell page 8H:C:I was wondering about Howard Balsley?Uh, Howard Balsley unfortunately had a fire in which certain records were destroyed. But Howard Balsley had many claims which were leasedto other operators in which he only participated in a royalty. It was quite a study in genealogy actually because we found that, for example, the name Shumway meant a lot of things throughout the case. Cousins, brothers, what have you--and very often it would become difficult in identifying settlement sheets with the proper party forthis reason. And there were many complicated situations involvinga particular claim because in following the history of the claim through, it would go through several different parties, several different arrangements. And we did use the named claims to some extent in the determining the completeness of the information which we had.Did you find that many times there were oftentimes disputes over whether or not the claims were valid or not?H:C: We did not find this to be a significant problem. The only problems that we had in connection with that is where there would be sometype of extraneous arrangement where parties were paid on a differentbasis. For example, as I recall, there instances, not many, where a claim would be sold and as part of the sales contract there would be a reference to 'X' number of cents per pound payment to continuefor some time in the future. And, of course, they would feel that this should be treated as any other settlement sheet for purposes of this case.
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell page 9H: So, in a way, you actually got into mining tradition itself? In some ways?C: Uh, yes certainly to some, some degree.H: I kind of have a question in regard to the trial itself, the atmosphere that prevailed. Now you were considered the expert economic witness in the trial? I mean, you were brought in for the specific purpose after you had researched your subject. What was the atmosphere of the trial when you were called to the stand?C: Well, it's my recollection that many of the miners, and particularly the substantial ones took a holiday to attend court each and every day. And, of course, I'm sure that for the most part it was the first time that these plaintiffs had ever attended court proceedings. They were extremely interested in everything that was said, the courtroom antics, and what have you. Of course, Mr. Alioto being the trial attorneythat he is, took the opportunity sometime to interject bits of humor which helped things. I recall an instance where he and an opposingcounsel were quoting from the Bible and Judge Ritter made the comment that, 'Fellows, you're out of my field now. Let's get back to the case.' And I would say that the general atmosphere was one of extreme interest--an--oh, cohesive alliance between the various plaintiffs.I guess that about sums it up.H: Uh huh. What was the attitude of the defendant corporations? I mean-- they were in there with their lawyers. I mean, I know that had San Francisco lawyers representing them if I'm correct . . . validly . . .
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell pag 10C:Recalling from memory, in the initial case there were forty named plaintiffs and I believe that was reduced for one reason or another down to thirty-three. The original mailings on the class action was approximately four thousand. Of that four thousand, I believe it boiled down to approximately something under four hundred who actually had valid claims or could produce settlement sheets from which theiraliquot share could be determined.Now, how was the settlement for each of these--well, I guess they would be deemed as unnamed plaintiffs--and how was the settlementcomputed? Was it an arithmatical formula which you used?Yes, the settlement as far as the class action is concerned, wasbased on the same formula as used in the named plaintiff action.And it reduced itself down to a mathematical computation. Here again,the biggest problem in regard to the class action was getting comparable treatment to varying situations. That is, the contract miners, royalty interests, et cetera.Uh huh. Was it also true that the unnamed plaintiffs also received the ...Y es.And were they--what was their contention for denial? Simply that they didn't do it or ... ?Well, of course, this gets into some of the trial proceedings and I I'm really not qualified to answer that because during a lot of the proceedings I was busy making mathematic computations, revisingH:C:H:C:H:C:
 INTERVIEW: Caldwe l l page 11C: schedules, and what have you. Uh, as it related, as their defense related to the damage studies, I think one of their contentions was that even though there may have been a failure to divulge that vanadium ore contained another valuable mineral that there was no injury economically. That no one had been hurt.H: This brings me to another question. Now, the precedent which was established by this case for class action--now to my knowledge, you had--there were some thirty to forty named plaintiffs involved. I'mnot really too clear on the exact number. And then, once the damagesor the liability was established, a class action was able to take place. Now, how many people in essence did this involve? I know it was you that had to figure out exactly how many trebling of the damages to triple damages?C: No. No. In the settlement that was made in the named plaintiff action, I think it worked out to something like a little over one anda half times the basic computation. And in the class action, it worked somewhere less than--the full amount that the basic computation. And of course that--there was no way to tell in advance how many poundsof ore would be involved and spread among the dollars available forthe class action settlement.H: Well, I know now basically the original settlement was in the area of five million dollars, and then later it was, I think due to the court of appeals case which you stated, it was later brought down to around three hundred--what, around three and a half million dollars, I think
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell pag 12H:C:it's what it was. Then the named plaintiffs were given their money first and then there was a trust fund. Is this really what you were working with, a trust fund type of thing for the unnamed plaintiffs?At the time the named plaintiff action was settled, then there was approximately some nine hundred thousand dollars that was set aside for the unnamed plaintiffs in the class. And that nine hundred thousand dollars was placed in a trust fund under the control of the'master,' the court-appointed 'master,' who is Mister Calvin Ross. And it was drawing interest during the period of time that it took to develop the class plaintiffs and make the computation$.Just as a concluding question, the essence of this case is both as an anti-trust cast and also as a landmark decision dealing with the class action. But yet, you had violations of the--well, Sections One and Two of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act as well as Seven-A of the Clayton Act. But yet it would seem like there are economic violations aswell. I mean, as you, primarily, know, deal more with economics than lawyers for sure. How much--I mean--how big was this really to people? I mean, was there--was it really something that affected their lives?I'm sure--I'm sure that it did. I base that upon conversations with various. of the plaintiffs and their wives or other members of the family describing the economic condition which they lived during those early years. And, of course, in that area, there--and the remoteness of some of the claims would necessitate pioneer type living. And--I'm sure that many of the claims were sold for lessH:C:
 INTERVIEW: Caldwell page 13C:H:than a fair value, even between the plaintiffs themselves. Uh--as compared to what sales would have been made had the true economics been known to them at that time.So then, in essence, there was an economic dichotomy arising due to the fact that they really didn't know--not only about uranium itself but also about its worth?C: Yes.H: Un hun. Thank you. "