 P ASQUALE AND S O P H I A TUNNO Price, UtahAn Interview By Melanie BrunoCarbon County Oral History Project T ape No. CC-36March 26, 1973Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsMarch 26. 1973Tape #1:Origins . 1 Coming to America 5 The Draft, Wine Making, and Remedies 12 Music, Dance, and Crafts 17 Food . 21
 --AT THEIR HOUSE, AND THE DATE IS MARCH 26, 1973. THIS INTERVIEW I S DONE BY MELANIE BRUNO. [THE INTERVIEWEES ARE PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO AND THIS I S PART OF THE CARBON COUNTY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]ST: --1895.MB: 1895 you were born?ST: On the seventh of June, 1895, and I was born inNizza.MB: What province?ST: Provincia Potenta, Matanjanic in Fiori(?), in St. John. Do you want to w rite i t down here?MB: Well no, I don't have to write it down, I'm recording it . When where you born, Charlie?ST: He born 1893 in March, yesterday was his birthday, that's why we was busy, Joe is home with the family, and you know we make lasagna, cooking it and room to make the cake, we were busy yesterday.MB: What province was he born in?ST: The same.MB: The same one?ST: But not in the same town. He was born in ProvinciaPotenta, Mabornin Fainano Catello. MB: Oh, I see.ST: Me, I was born in Sanjuani in Fiori like your Grandpa Ellis, met his father and mother, they were in the same place.MB: The same place?
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1ST:MB: ST:MB: ST: MB: ST: MB:ST:MB: ST:Same place, yes. Firenza Aroza, you know, this area, all the people.So then you knew them?Oh yes, you bet. Because I came with them back East too. Rosa is one year older than me.So you were quite familiar?Ohyes.What about your religion, are you both Catholic?Yes, both Catholic.And then you're Italians, okay. Like how far back can you remember your childhood in Italy?Oh just a little girl, and my father had like a store you know.He had a store?No store big like this, we used to have a boutique, we called it a boutique.PT: An Italian boutiga.Over here, I don't know what they call them, a boutique?What did he have in this store?Oh, we had the macaroni, we had the bacalla, you know, the dried fish, bacalla, pepper oni, sugar . We had any kind of macaroni, any kind, rice.2ST:MB: ST:PT :ST: Anchovies, olives.Anchovies .
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1MB: Kind of a little delicatessen, right, with all ofthose nice foods in? ST: Oh yes.MB: Did your father farm?ST: No,nomyfather.MB: Did Charlie's father farm?ST: [In Italian]PT: No, we had a home, we had a little more of a home youknow, but same thing I got here.MB: Oh, did you have a farm with a lot of goats andthings?PT: Yes, we had a lot of fig tree out there with figs,yes. Yes, we had a lot of trees.ST: Fruit. My father's house was like this, and the topwe live. In the basement you know, under the house weadded this store room.MB: So the house was connected on?ST: Yes, the house was on the top. Then under the housewe had the boutiga.MB: How many brothers and sisters did you have?ST: Oh, we was eight in the family .MB: Including your parents?ST: No, ei ght chi ldren, because my father married asecond time. Me and another sister, we was from the f i r st wife . Then my mother die and my father married3
 P ASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO # 1a second time, with the second time they had another six kids.Oh, I see.We was eight, you know, two from the first wife, withMB: ST:MB:ST:PT:ST:MB: ST: MB: ST:MB: ST: MB: ST:MD:me and another sister and then six she had with--Now how many children did you have in your family?[to Mr. Tunno]With the father and mother, they had two sisters and three brothers.Yes, I don't know what--I've forgot them all, how many was--Tom, you, Pasquale, and Natali. Tom, you, and Natali . The sisters are Santalina and Yuanina.Let me see, did you go to school over there?A little bit.A little bit. What age did you go to?Well, because when I come to this country here I was just thirteen.Oh, I see. What year did you come to this country? 1908.1908.And I was born in 1895 and I come onto this country in 1908. Now, you count yourself how old I was.Okay, let me think. Like, why did your father want to come to this country?4
 P ASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO # 1ST:MD: ST: MD:ST: MD: ST:MD:ST:Well, because we was short of the money, come and make a little money. My father because--before we come over finally, he sort of come back and forth.Did he work here in the mine?Oh yes, he worked here in the mine.I see. Wasn't his business doing very well over in Italy during that time?In Italy yes, but not here .Oh, I see.Not here, he worked, make money, and then come in the old country and stay for maybe a year or two, and come back in this country.So then you just decided, he decided to just bring his whole family over here.Yes, then we decided to--no, we come once before when I was just a three years. His wife didn't want to come, my second mother you know, my second mother she don't want to come to this country because she had a big bunch of sisters, big family, and she didn't want to leave the old country.Did she come back here then?Oh yes, we come everybody because Papa say if you don't come this time he says, "I'm not going to come back no more in Italy."Oh really?5MD: ST:MD:
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1ST: MD: ST:MD:ST:PT: ST: PT: MB: ST: MB: PT:You see, he was making her scared.So she decided to come over anyway.She decided to come, but before she don't want to come. Because over there she was treated like a queen I think. So my father before coming to this country he lose the house and everything.Now Charlie, why did your father want to come over to the country? For better working conditions?His father before come here, you know my father, hewas in South America, no?Huh?Your father was in South America bef or e?Yes, South America .You mean he went from Italy to South America?Ye s .In what year was this?My mother, she live and my father he live in South America nine years .He leave the wife and four kids.Over in Italy then?ST:MB:ST: In Italy.MB: Then when did you come over to America, in what year? ST: Which year, 1912? When did you come here, 1912?PT: 1912, yes, and I reached New York.ST: I'll find some kind of paper and then I know.6
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1MB: Like coming over on the ship, did you come over on aship?ST: Yes, I come in a ship.MB: Do you remember the name of the ship?ST: Ah, my ship was in Germany. What do you call it? PT: The ---?---?MB: Uh huh.PT: They were named them Belino .MB: Belino, huh?ST: Belino, that is a sheep.MB: How much did it cost for you to come over?PT: Oh, about 400 lira.MB: 400 liras in Italian money. How much was it for youto come over as a child?PT: Oh gee, my mother ---?---MB: Yes, they just came over.PT: All the family. They do the big cities. I don't knowat this time.MB: Like what was it like on the ship, would you knowany--?PT: Oh, this I remember.MB: You remember?PT: It was a holiday for me, you know walking aroundbecause I see soldier, a boy in the navy, you know.7
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1MB: PT:Oh you mean a navy voyage huh?Yes, everybody was there and so happy [In Italian] and that's how they cried, because I don't know about Calabrezza or what I was. I went to my mother. I said, 11 Everybody keeps calling me Calabrezza, mama. 11 Momma says, 11 That's what you are, you Calabrezza. 11(Laughter) I thought it was a ---?--- you know another name.Well, do you remember what you were dressed in, if you had on one of those little hats, mantels that they wear?No, just we had dresses like the girls would go to school in you know. Just give you a jacket and a long dress. Not really long.But it came to about the middle of the calf, somewhere in there.Yes.Did you have to wear anything on their head or did they make the children wear anything?No, no, my time. In the time, yes--where they come from in Italia use today's handkerchief.A handkerchief tied on the head, mocatulto .MB:ST:MB:ST: MB:ST:PT:Is that what they call it?MB:PT:ST: I know they did in my time in the old country. The8Y es.
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1old lady, the lady when you get to bake, they kind of put some kind of a ---?--- and we call it "---?--- rosa."They have a tree in the ---?--- and they double up in here in the light and they look really nice.Yes, that's what I mean.I got a little paper on it.Yes, and they wore their hair turned up at the end. You have to be grown up, when you are ready to getPT:MB: ST: MB: ST:MB:PT:MB: ST:married. You don't know before that time, you stay like you were here you know, this little girl.Now Charlie, what do you remember about the ship, anything exciting?I don't remember, I had a tough time on the ship and no roof. It made me sick all the way through.Really, what did you eat on the ship?Some people throw up on the ship, that's why I was going back and forth because of my step-mother and one of my brothers and another sister, they had a better time, they wonderful all the time. Me and my young sister that was younger than me (she was the first one from the second wife), we were going to take this food to cook for the baby.Oh.Yes, we bring the cup and says, "Oh my mama say to my9MB: ST:
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1sister Asaki they want a good day." You know and we want to get all the ---?---.Even bad food for baby.For baby because he don't like the soup. A little gentle in the big food.How long were you on this ship? How long did it take to come over?PT: ST:MB:ST: MB:ST: MB: PT: ST:PT: MB: PT:Oh, fifteen to seventeen days.That's the average thing then. What coast did you land in when you came to America?New York.And you landed, Charlie, in New York too then?I landed in New York.Then in New York I don't know if you could get in the train . Did you climb on the progenia?---?--- in New York.Oh, uh huh.They called me Batrine in New York with all the people they want to come from the old country, and then over there the train which you design to go. If you come in Utah or if you come back East, t oo- -my family, we went back East to ---?--- Virginia, because my father was over there and get out and everything .Charlie, where did you come to from New York?MB:10
 P ASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO # 1PT: I come in Philadelphia. I went to come toPennsylvania, Philadelphia.MB: Where did you work, what type of work did you dothere?PT: Ah, I was worked at a ---?--- company.MB: Oh.PT: Y es.ST: They had a heck of a time or two. The men would callfor him, and when he reached New York that guy killedin the mine . MB: Oh really?ST: And therefore he was alone and no money and nobody. PT: I had a tough time in New York.MB: I know. How long did you live over there in Virginiabefore you came here? PT: Five years.MB: Five years then?PT: Yes. We went over there in 1908. It was really thenighttime in the old country on the 15th of June and a broke a day in the seven of June and then it was June the 13th. And t hen we r eached--4th of July, the day 4th of July I now remember it was a Friday, because the people cook saw us and we didn't want to eat no a meat because it was a Friday .MB: And it was the Sabbath. 11
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1PT:MB:PT: ST:PT: ST: PT: ST:PT: ST: PT: MB: PT:MB:ST:Then the one woman talked to me and said, "Honey, you'd better eat some meat because in this country nobody watches." (Chuckle) I never forget, it was a Friday in July.Charlie, what did you do after Philadelphia, did you come to Carbon County after that?Oh yes, I leave Philadelphia.Oh no, you been in the Army first before you come here.No, they called me in the Army. No, ---?---I've forgotten what year it was.1918 they call you in the Army, which place were you at at that time?Philadelphia.See, I wasn't here.They called me to Pennsylvania.So after that, well after the Army then he came here. Hecalledme,ImadeareportandIhadtogointheArmy. I reported in the city hall and I got to go in the Army and they called me in the Army they draft me .Were you already an American citizen when they called you to the Army?No.12
 P ASQUALEAND S O P H I A TUNNO # 1he was considered to be--?get your citizenship after you get in the Army.MB: ST: MB: PT: MB: PT: ST:MB:ST: MB:ST:MB: ST: PT: ST: PT: MB:PT:ButYouOh, I see.I never had the same school my life. Really?Not the same.Charlie, when he--[END OF SIDE ONE]I want to ask you some more about Kenilworth. Likewhat did you do for your social atmosphere? You know, like did they ever have parties or dancing?We had once in a while, yes.Well, what about things like the 4th of July and Easter and differ ent--?Oh they had the parade, they had the - --?- -- Sometimes we'd go to Price for the parade on the 4th of July, and then the 25th of July.Did you have a car or how did you get to--?No.Oh, I had a car.He had a car. He just bought--Sometimes I brought my truck.Oh, that old truck you had? Yes. How long have you had that , your old truck?Twenty years.13
 P ASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO # 1MB: Twenty years, gee, that's a long time.PT: A nice car, oh boy, it's been good to me.ST: You want to kind of have a little car if you don'thave the trouble ahead. (Laughter) It's a nice little car. I said, "We've got the money now, why don't we buy a new car?" No, he wanted to buy a truck. I said, "If you want to buy a truck forget it." (Chuckle)MB: Oh, let me see. What I want to know is--what about the Prohibition, do you know anything about that around here? You know, the liquor movement?ST: Oh, we had Prohibition, yes. The ---?--- is open a lot of people did moonshine you know.MB: Oh, everyone?ST: No everybody.MB: But a lot of people. Like, you know, it doesn't hurtto talk about it, you know it doesn't matter. Like I want to know some of the methods that the old Italian people went about making it and how they made it; where they got their grapes at, where did they get the grapes?ST: Oh, you buy the grapes and then they take it out of the wine, you know, take the best wine, and then what they let it all ---?--- wine, you put in a pail,--- ?---PT: Make a second wine.14
 P ASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO # 1ST: Make a second wine. Some sugar, water, and what youwant to put in it. Then we got those left over again. PT: Make whiskey . (Chuckle)ST: Make whiskey. But we call it moonshine.MB: Where did they get their grapes at? Did they come infrom California?ST: Yes, it come here from California. Somebody deliverit, somebody deliver it. Take the order, you know. MB: Now do they just sell the vegetables in the store? ST: Just like it is .MB: Just like it is. Did people peddle the vegetables? ST: Some yes, some peddled, but nobody as many like it istoday and at that time if somebody that had a littlefarm, you know they'd bri ng some f r om the farm . PT: I've got lots of barley left in--ST: Parsley.PT: Fifty gallon barrels.ST: [In Italian]PT: Oh well , that's all right.MB: Do you still make your wine today?PT: Nono.ST: You can't buy no grapes now.MB: You can't buy any then?PT: I can't get no permit, they don't give you permit. MB: Did they stomp themor just squeeze them?15
 P ASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO # 1PT:ST: PT:ST:PT: ST: MB: PT: MB: PT:MB:Stomp them yes. Used to tramp them years ago, but now you've got machines.Grind.Put one box at a time in a machine and it grind them, but the machine runs it by far.When you make it you make with your boots all the time.Yes, I had to make it with the boots.---?--- dye.---?---Lots of work.But it was nice to have it though, wasn't it?Oh yes. ---?--- lots of my wine. I give it away all the time.Let me see, what about home remedies and that stuff? Like did you believe in home remedies? Like what would you say, what would be a good home remedy? Home cures like to cure a cut or something instead of a doctor coming to your house, and superstitions did you ever have any of those?Oh no. In case somebody's sick you mean?Right, like home remedies like putting--We tie two hairs to what we know. When we see that you can't do nothing then we call the doctor.But like for colds or that, did you have any like the16ST: MB: ST:MB:
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1 whiskey and the honey?ST: Yes, oh yes. If you got a bit of cold, even today if you got a bit of cold, warm them up nice with milk and put the honey, no sugar, put a spoon of honey and put a little bit to leave, and then go to sleep and cover up, and in the morning you are okay.MB: Is there anything else, any other things?ST: Well, if you want to make a tea, or with the tea thesame.MB: Yes, and let me see--(Break) What I want to ask younow is about the Depression, I think I want to coverthat time.ST: Oh, I was so young I don't know anything,MB: You wouldn't know anything then? You were back Eastthen when the Depression--ST: When I come to Utah. Oh, I hear the people talk, butwe don't know the tragedy, we don't.MB: But it was pretty well off here when you came hereand that?ST: No, after we came here there was the war and that'sall. Working and eating and--we had a big time.MB: What about some of the music around here , did t heyhave a lot of the old Italian music here?ST: Yes, I remember we had the [In Italian] . One time Ihad the fever and these people come onto my window 17
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1and they played the same mandolin [in Italian] and I thought that they was the angels from heaven come for me. Oh, it felt so good. [Laughter] They knock on the window and they wanted me to get up because you have to sleep, you know. Sleep will make you--MB: Oh, is this kind of a custom?ST: Yes, uh huh. You know, it's just like friends,Saturday night or Sunday night, [In Italian] if you-- I was sick all night, and then [In Italian] come to me and I was so happy. Oh gosh, I remember [InItalian--enfermo.]MB: What were some of the songs that they played, do youremember them?ST: Oh the tarantella, you know.MB: The tarantella?ST: Most of the tarantella because we got a [In Italian]tarantella.PT: I was the king of the tarantella.MB: Do you like to do the tarantella?PT: I used to like--me and Mitza Rabitio--I got a strokeor something.MB: But you guys are quite old to sight, you know, oldmasters at the tarantella and that, you can really do them then? That's really great.ST: He turned eighty yesterday. 18
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1MB: ST:MB: ST: MB: ST:He was eighty yesterday?Yes, and me, I am going to be seventy-eight on the third of June.And you guys are still going strong.Yes .Well, that's really great.At least I remember everything, he forgets, but I don't. (Laughter) I remember when I was in the old country you know. I remember when the time when I was a little girl and my mamma says to me, "Go get some fresh water in the fontana or what do you call--the canales. I went out and I had no shoes. I was ashamed to walk without a shoe. I tell you, I like my shoes and I don't know why, because I don't want nobody see you go ahead. I went, ---?--- a little hard to fool me . (Laughter) For twenty years I had to - - - ?--- say, "Oh, my sister ---?--- (Laughter)You know, over in Italy, where did you buy your clothes and that stuff?Oh, you have to make it yourself.Was it like you do your own weaving and that?Yes, you know in the old country you've got the [in Italian--material] you know, and then you can buy the material.Make a clock, what do they call them?19MB:ST: MB: ST:PT:
 P ASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO # 1ST: (In Italian)MB: When you came here, what did you mainly--well, wheredid you get your clothes, like did you make some whenyou came here too?ST: Oh no, when we came, yes. When we came I had you knowthere was this dressmaker, we had a dressmaker in--- ?--- and then the maker would say, you have to pay him. They'll make little suit for you, what you wantin the store, a little jacket.MB: So they made it to fit you?ST: Yeah. Then over here we would buy over here.MB: What about your shoes? Well here in Carbon County whomade your shoes?ST: Oh, that was the shoe maker, he make all the shoes. PT: Yes, he'd come to your house and measure your footand make you some--ST: Summer time, they come, people from outside. Theylook like the bear over here, just like the bear, and a pink shoe and a pink everything that you can buy over there, really cheaper and then you go buy your shoe.PT: (In Italian)ST: Do you know (In Italian)? PT: Yes ah (In Italian).ST : (Italian)20
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1PT: ST:MB:ST: MB:ST:MB: ST:MB:ST:Macandi.Macandi, and you can buy everything over there you want. Don't you got the money?Uh huh, yes. Ah let me see, what about some of the home recipes you--like your diet didn't change coming over here from Italy did it? You still ate the Italian food?Oh yes, just the same.What about the meat diet, like did you have a lot of meat over in Italy?The meat, my father was a good friends with the butchery, it was all a compadre you know, and they compadre butcher over there and they keep him in the town, they no bring the meat from outside. Just the place they keep them at this--Was it beef?Yes beef, lamb, beef, pork, anything. Then he call my father and he says, "Compadre if you want to buymeat, we got it ready," and then my father go and buy what he wanted.Yes, like most Italians over there in Italy, they didn't have a--No, they used all the time without the thing that make your home, and that's a pork or--my father was a little bit big a little bit. Nobody big. We had21
 P ASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO # 1everything, I tell you the truth. I never thought that in the other country, that I had a better time than I had over here.MB: You think you had a better time over there than you used to have here?ST: Oh yes, with my father yes .MB: Uh huh.ST: You not send out the kids to go work here and there,no.MB: Did you have to work when you came over here?ST: No, I was home all the time.MB: Home all the time?ST: All the time I was at home, I never did get out of mydoor to make a penny .MB: Did you ever work in the store over there?ST: No. No place at home.MB: Yes, doing around the house things and that. Charlie,what about hunting? Did you ever do much hunting around here? Hunting like wildlife, did you have any old experiences?ST: You know, (In Italian)PT: Oh yes, I kill lots of deer. I got the horns are leftand I can't shoot no more. If I could shoot I would go hunting every year. I tried to shoot the dog the other day .22
 PASQUALE AND SOPHIA TUNNO #1ST: He shoot here and it go there.MB: Uh huh. (Chuckle) Like you know on the hunting, wasit a lot more fun than it is now, would you say likethere was no restrictions?PT: I think you when you hunt there are bad and goodtimes I mean.ST: You know some people don't like the outside life andwe know, I don't like it.MB: You don't like it all?ST: And my father didn't either because I remember myfather says, he liked the fish and the tongue, noleon in the hill.MB: Yes, he was accustomed to that.ST: Yes, he liked, you know, running home over on thehunt.MB: Like what are some of your best recipes, would yousay, your best dishes that you cook?ST: Oh, ---?--- just like other countries when you've gotthe money --- ? -- -lasagna, you want to eat some? MB: No thanks.ST: Oh, I ' ve got the nicest dish of ---?---lasagna. We' ll make some more . Today we ate some chicken-- - ?--- . MB: What are your best dishes, or well, your specials?ST: Well, really Italian is ravioli, the Italian people they like ravioli . They like la past a --- ?--- you23
 P ASQUALE AND S O P H I A TUNNO # 1 know, the ---?---.MB: What is that?PT: Homemade macaroni.ST: You make macaroni noodles. And you make your own-- PT: My mother used to make macaroni--[END OF T APE]24
 CC-36 Carbon County Oral History Project TUNNO, PASQUALE AND SOPHIAMarch 26, 1973 - Price, Utah Recorded by Melanie BrunoSubjects: Origins, Coming to America, The Draft, Wine Making, Remedies, Music, Dance, and Crafts, Food.