 C E C I L THOMPSON Moab, Utah Tape No. 43An interview bySteve Guttman and John Donnely July 29, 1971American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
  Table of ContentsTrucking Business.Uranium Boom . 11 W ater Supply 14 Miners . . . 14 Alcoholism . 16Grubstaking. .Uranium Stocks . 20 Uranium Boom . 23 Problems of Boom. 25 Frontier Airlines. 27 Tourism. 28 Dams and State Lands . 29 Potash Plans ...... . 37 Uranium Mines. 39 Political Influences . 40El Paso Gas Line . 42 Mining ..... . 4617
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH CECIL THOMPSON I S FOR THE COLORADO PLATEAU URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. I T WAS CONDUCTED BY JOHN DONNELY AND STEVE GUTTMAN AT MOAB, UTAH ON JULY 29, 1971.SG: Sir, can you give us some of your background, when you came to Moab, and your jobs?CT: My name is Cecil Thompson, and I was born in Moab in 1899. I lived here practically all my life except for some seven or eight years. My first employment was with the local bank. I worked there for three or four years, then I became cashier over at Green River, Utah. Lived there for about five years, then I became engaged in the garage and transportation business. Weoperated in the state of Utah, Colorado, and New MExico. Operated a truck line between Salt Lake and Denver, and the general area down around through Durango, Farmington, and Gallup. Since selling the business, I've been engaged in a ranching and livestock operation. Sold some of the properties for subdivisions and trailer courts as a result of this uranium boom. And now, I am a member of the Utah State Land Board, and have been for about twelve years. Give me an opportunity to look around thestate and see what goes on.SG: When did you start this trucking business?CT: The company started in 1918, and I became associatedwith it in 1926. Our first operation was dealing
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1between Thompson and Moab, carrying passengers and a little express. And finally expanded to Monticello and Blanding, and then expanded to Grand Junction, then to Price, and then to Salt Lake, then to Denver, then on to Durango, Farmington, and Gallup.SG: So it became quite a large operation?CT: Well, we had about 200, 250 employees about ---?---operation.SG: What kind of things were you hauling on it?CT: Well, we had certificates of conveyance and ---?---from the state of Utah, the state of Col or ado, the state of New Mexico, and also from the Interstate Commerce Commission covering general commodities, and then some specialized commodities like drilling equipment and household goods, and then we had some loading franchises from the state of Utah to operate on the Colorado River. There was oil development along the river in the twenties, and we built boats and transported equipment to the wells and suppliedthem while they were operating.JD: Did you ever haul any uranium or vanadium during theera with you trucking? CT: Oh yes.JD: Where were some of the major areas that you trucked from?2
 C E C I L THOMPSON #1CT: Well, we trucked from this area and over from thewestern part of Colorado. But as soon as the uranium business developed, there was contract carriers with dump trucks and equipment that was more suitable for handling uranium than we had, so we weren't engagedin hauling any uranium a lot.JD: Up until then what type of trucks had you been usingfor hauling this?CT: We11, we used just the ordinary truck. That's thetruck and trailer, truck and semi-trailer, and sometimes the truck and double-bottom trailers. But in the initial stages we just used some ton-and-a- half, and two-and-a-half, three-and-a-half, five-ton trucks.JD: Did you haul it to Thompson, or Cisco, or where were you taking the ore to?CT: Well, we'd take it to Thompson principally.JD: That's because of the railroad?CT: Yeah, it was a railroad point. And then we hauledother ore out of there. We hauled ore from Mancos, Colorado to Salt Lake Smelter. There was gold and silver and we had, and then we had some livestock trucks. We hauled quite a lot of livestock to market. And during the government cattle buying program, wehauled about seven thousand head from this area. 3
 C E C I L THOMPSON #1JD: When was the governm ent---?--- program?CT: I think about 1934, or '35, somewhere in thatneighborhood. They bought up the surplus cattle because of the condition of the range. And the ones that could be canned, why, they canned them, and then used them for relief, for people that needed meat. Most of the animals were so poor that they was in damn poor shape.JD: What was the--what was the major troub1e, say, back in the twenties and thirties that you ran into with the trucks? Was it tires, or engines, or roads?CT: Well, principally roads. And oh, I'd say, probably repairs. Finding people who understood how to repair trucks and tires. I know we had what they call the Coleman truck. It was the first four-wheel-drive vehic1e, and we used to use that to haul, and used that as kind of a tow truck for the others. We had Whites, and Internationa1s, and GMC's, and they just didn't have the guts to go some of these places wherewe took the Coleman, and brought a whole string ofthem through sand high grades and things like that. JD: How about your parts? Where did you have to go forparts?CT: Well, parts from Salt Lake and Denver principally,and Grand Junction. And the Coleman was a Groveton, 4
 CECIL THOMPSON #1(?) Colorado. They had a factory there and they still do. But, as I recall, those tires used to cost about a thousand dollars a piece, and we used to get about six, seven thousand miles out of them. Of course, that's awfully rugged country, and that was overly abused because we were hauling and pulling other trucks with it, you know. But I'll tell you, it was some truck back in those days.SG: How about when you were hauling? Did you ever have to use any of the Indians for hauling or as drivers?CT: No, I don't think we've ever had an Indian employee, maybe with the exception, say, pick up and delivery men. I think over in Cortes we had dock at Cortes and Durango, and I think there was a time or two that we had some dock men or pick up and delivery men that worked there, but nothing in line drivers.SG: Was this mainly because the Indians didn't show any interest in the industry?CT: Well, I think it was mainly because they hadn't had the experience. And generally in this area, when the Indians get drinking a little bit, they're pretty wild drivers, and so--I think for that reason, we just weren't too interested, and I don't think they were either. WE have used a lot of Spanish-Americanhelp, though, and haven't had any particular problems 5
 CECIL THOMPSON #1 with them.SG: What kind of money were most of the drivers making on these runs?CT: Well, you start back, say, in the twenties, not very much. And as time passed, why, I can remember the employment wage here for, say, farm hands, people like that, was about twenty-five dollars a montharound Moab. And that tends to just gradually grow and it'll take it about every decade, and it increases about 100 percent. And---?--- scale up, so by the time I sold out here, we were paying some of the line drivers a thousand dollars a month and road expenses, and things 1ike that. I don't know what their scale is now, probably fifteen hundred, and that's where you are using sleeper camp trucks and where people are on the truck, they just practically live on there. Now these local pick-up and delivery men are, I think, probably on a scale, probably$4.00, $4.50 an hour.SG: Are these men Teamsters around here too?CT: Yeah, that's the other thing that as a result of theuranium thing that changed the economy here from strictly an agricultural economy to a kind of industrial, mining, milling, and other situations where there was other kind of jobs. And well, as soon6
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1as we got some situations where we got as many as fifty, a hundred men, why, the unions would tend to be active and utilize some of them, and some of them didn't.Do you remember what year it was when the unions first came into this area?Well, our line was unionized I think about--about 1940, and we have four unions. The dock men and pick- up and delivery men, and the line haulmen, and then the sleeper-cab drivers. So we had four unions just in a small operation like that.What year was that, 1940?Well, that was from about 1940, then on. After you get involved once, why, you're--No stopping them.No stopping them. And you're usually dealing with, well, people that are not familiar with local traditions. Not only don't they know anything about the trucking business, but you're hauling, say between Salt Lake and Denver, for example, you can pay pretty good wages. But if you're hauling between Thompson and Moab and Monticello, why, you don't have the potential revenue. But they think if you' reworking for somebody, you pay them the same scale. It don't make any difference what the conditions are. ItSG:CT:SG: CT:SG: CT:7
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1makes it a little difficult to deal with, and especially in populated areas. ---?--- is still operating the area freight lines, and they operatedin about fifteen of the states. That's all the western states. And I think their scale over here now is the same they pay any place.SG: What was the name of your company around here?CT: It was the Moab Transportation Company. And we had garages in Green River, and Thompson, Moab, and Monticello, and shops in Salt Lake and Denver toservice our equipment. But after the uranium thing started here, there wasn't anything that was adequate, like transportation, or telephone, or housing, or the schools or churches, the whole works. So it was a gradual thing. Why, everybody, they put a little effort, some of them a little slower than others. But everybody tried to get in gear and, get so they could take care of some of the business.JD: How about before that, during the war? What was the operation like?CT: Well, during the war, of course, we had a lot of military stuff particularly between Denver and Salt Lake. And they had a military depot down in the Gallup area, and we hauled a lot of ammunition.JD: Did you get a lot of military contracts then? 8
 C E C I L THOMPSON #1CT: Yes. And then we were in the bus business too. We rana busline that operated between Durango and Salt Lake City. We called it the Apache, and we'd get more Indians than anything. They used to ride it to work in the beet and wheat fields and around the factories and fields. They're a people that seem to have a pretty good home life. I mean, they're pretty close- knit families and they like to visit one another and be around one another, and so as a result of that, they would probably work for a month or six weeks and then go home for ten days or so, and they'd continue riding back and forth.SG: Was that a standing run that you made then between the two--?CT: Standing run, uh huh. We had, I think, about fifty passenger buses, and we had mail contracts that operated--it was kind of a combination of a mail and passenger operation. We would have a passenger compartment in from and a mail compartment in back. That's the way we started, and then they fina11ygraduated to the point where they were just hauling mail in the trucks and then bigger buses for their passengers.SG: Did you eventually sell this line or did you just stop running it?9
 CECIL THOMPSON #1CT:Uh, no, we sold it. We operated a company--that I was a partnership. There was five of us that was involved in it, and they died one at a time, and then I had four widows to deal with, and their lawyers were in it for a while. It was a little difficult to get out of it. Then you're always controlled by commissions. You can't sell or divest your rights without their consent, so you had a series of hearings. And you can go home and forget about it for two or three years and finally get a decision.So when did you finally get out of this?In 1954?Before that, when you were still in the businessthere during the war, did you have different sources of government contracts? Did they also give you availability to tires and gas?Tires and gas, yes. Uh huh.Well, how did they work that? Did they give youSG: CT: JD:CT: JD:special cards or special--?CT: Well, they had certificates, I believe, for tires,and, of course, we had our own boat plants and gas stations, so we didn't have any problem with gas. And as I recall, we didn't have too much difficulty with repairs. I don't think that we suffered any in that respect, but I know a lot of people that, say were in10
 CECIL THOMPSON #1the livestock business or the other business and had trouble with tires, and gasoline, and things of that nature. But being a public carrier, why, we were given plenty of gas to operate. And so we didn't experience anything like that.JD: What happened after the war with the trucking business. Did you notice the boom come into the area? CT: Well, I'd say it's like the economy right now, youknow. We've been going through a boom, and right now we've got kind of a slowup. Every area has that same experience over and over again. It's one of those things that never ends, you know. When we got, say, like the uranium boom, why, everything's rosy for a while, then it cuts off, and it starts again. We have this potash mill over here and it's begun to slow up. They're converting from a conventional mining system now to a kind of a flooding system.JD: Solution mining.CT: Yeah. And so it'll probably be a year before theybe successful not. So every community has that. I'm talking about small communities that have the same problem. Boom andbust, boom and bust. And some of them just bust, they don't boom again, you know. But I think the thing that happened as a result of this uranium thing in aknow whether it'll11
 CECIL THOMPSON #1small---?--- When Utah Power and Light came in here, they brought in a small line and bought the local power company, and as soon as they began to get some power, man, people began to do 1 i ttle things. They begin to grow a little, and I think that's the thing you observe with these rural area electric ---?--- areas that maybe don't have anything. And, of course, soon somebody's doing something. And so I think that the power company here has built three separate lines, and they're building another one now. And before they came in here, why, the population of Moab was about seven or eight hundred, and Monticello about the same or a 1 i ttle less, and so the whole area has grown. And, of course, the mining development, and of course, the oil development has been one of the things that has kept the power in here and kept it going. But it has also developed thenatural resources that are here. If we didn't have them, why, they just wouldn't have developed because we've had oil wells drilled here since 1900. Of course, the production never amounted to anything, but they were always costly. But with the power and the other services around, then you do get these service companies that---?--- service for ---?--- and that keeps them in the area. And we just12
 C E C I L THOMPSON #1gradually build up a little bit.JD: How about during the years the boom was in effect? Did you notice--were you still in the area a lot? Did you have a lot of work in the area?CT: Yes, I've been here all the time. I think that the main things that you noticed to begin with--well, say as example, when Charly Steen's mine was first openedup there, everybody was skeptical. You know, you're generally skeptical about anything that's going to happen. I think it's something that people are not too optimistic about, and so nobody was prepared to take care of people wanting food or lodging or services. And when the boom hit, it just hit. And everyone was in a hurry. And they wanted to build this, and they wanted to build that, and of course, ---?--- and everything was--materials was hard to get, but eventually, they just worked it out, real slow. Like the telephone company, you couldn't get a call out of here in hours, you know, because ofthe--CT: People that were, say, living in areas where youcould just dial the phone, you know, and get somebody, why, they'd get pretty shook up when they'd come in here and couldn't call Grand Junction or SaltLake or Denver and any other place.13
 CECIL THOMPSON #1JD: What about your water supply?CT: Well, the same problem there. There water system wasthe same problem as every other thing. It wasn't adequate. The sewers wasn't adequate. And, of course, the schools ---?--- with the control, say, in the city council or the school board, why, you know, some members would say, "Well, this is just a flash in the pan, and we don't want to get involved too much." And others said, "Well, we'd better do something," and so it was a slow process.JD: Well, how well did you know--I'm sorry, go ahead.CT: I was about finished with that, I guess.JD: When you talk about your town, did you notice theminers being a little bit different than the rest ofthe people?CT: Well, I'd say surprisingly that this is the thingthat I have observed over the years, that generally small communities are a little bit hesitant about having outside people come in, and particularly miners and people of that sort. But I think the experience that we've had here--that they're fine people. People are interested in developing the natural resources, and you find a good many of them that are highly trained and well educated, and so I think they upgrade the community. 0f course, in any14
 CECIL THOMPSON #1group of people you will find a few people that are undesirable, and they cause problems. But generally-- and the same thing is true of the oil people. They, like a lot of people, you know, were scum, but hell, they're about as notch as people as you'll ever want to meet. Once in a while you'11 have a driller or somebody like that that will get drunk and raise hell. But I think the change that has occurred as a result of this has been good for the town because we've got enough people from everywhere now so that you don't have just a kind of a one-mindedness community and control, say, that some of the Mormon communities have here in Utah. Bishop tells them when to get up and go to bed, you know. And so I think Moab is a little unusual in that respect, and it's got to a point where there's nothing in this petty small town stuff. There isn't the attempt to control people--the thing the churches used to do, used to attempt to do. Another thing, in every community youmay have some strong individual that may want to run the community and, of course, these things get pretty well taken care of when you get a mixed community where you get opposition. So I think it's a healthything.JD: How about during the boom? Did you ever have very 15
 C E C I L THOMPSON #1much trouble in Moab with alcoholism?CT: Well, I'd say there was some. But I remember when I was a small boy here, we had three saloons in Moab. And that was when there were only about five hundred people here. And I do recall, too, that as kids we were--well, we was scared of getting around saloons and doing anything that would get us mixed up with any kind of stuff that our parents didn't like. We had more respect for our parent then. And the other thing I think that has changed that is bad in my opinion is that there is less integrity with people now. When I was small up to about the time I was twenty-five years old, why, if John Jones said he was going to do something, why, he did it. And that isn't so any more. And this is about, I'd say, about borrowing money, or borrowing equipment, or loaning them anything, and their word was good. It was just one of those things when you, oh, some of them expect you to do something, why, they had no question about it. They would--people just knew you were going to do it.JD: When you speak about borrowing and loaning things, when the boom came on, of course, you pretty well said that you bought--well, you said you had sold your truck 1ine. Did you ever happen to have the16
 C E C I LCT:JD:CT:JD:CT:THOMPSON #1chance to grubstake anybody, loan them some money to go out?Oh yes, yeah, I've been clipped that way lots of times?Why don't you tell us about some of the experiences that you had?Well, I don't know whether you heard of this Garvin Babel?Sure have.---?--- Babel---?---.Uh huh. Well, I was involved with him as a partner, oh, for a while. And we operated a few properties and there wasn't anything that they took me on, but it just didn't develop to the point where it was a good commercial operation. Babel's a real technician who, if he's a had somebody to kind of keep him off the bottle--he'd get, I'd say, drinking to what was beyond reasonable, but he had a good mind.How come he never patented anything? Just kind ofJD:invented it and--?CT: Well, he worked for this company. He was a mechanic.I was telling you about that, the Moab Transportation Company, Garage Company. He was working there as a mechanic for a number of years, and he was always piddling around with something, you know. He just didn't have his mind on his work entirely until he17
 CECIL THOMPSON #1got on something he was interested in, then he was real good. But I really enjoyed the experiences I had in grubstaking, and I've had one recently. Had a ---?--- employed and---?--- been involved with me on it, and we've done some drilling and had a world-wide vein company do some drilling on our properties, and like that. And if you don't hit it, you feel like you got your money's worth.SG: Just kind of a gamble?CT: Well, it's a gamble. And this is the way I feelabout, the way people felt when this community was real small. Everybody was afraid to take a chance. Just don't--don't extend yourself. Be safe, you know. But I think it's the wrong attitude. And as an example, I think that somebody, say, that works just to be secure is missing something. They are just not--get with it. If you have some drive to do something, God Damn it, just go out and do it. And,well, those are the things that I had a chance to ---?--- an opportunity within limit. Not going all out, you know, but within reason, and I enjoyed it.JD: How about when you talked about, you know, the different things you've gotten into, did you even have them pay you back for it?CT: Well yes, yeah, and a lot of times I'd say that the18
 CECIL THOMPSON #1individual doesn't always beat you out of money because they want to. They just get into a condition that they' re not able to pay. So I kind of take the circumstances into account, and I don't get excited if I don't get my money back from some of these operations.JD: How about when you talk of grubstaking? I know a lot of people have commented that that's the only way some of those people get their money down there. Are the banks pretty tight to miners when the era came on?CT: Well, they just wouldn't loan anybody anything. I'd say that was probably one of the real problems that existed when the boom hit, too, is that most of the businesses were owned by either families or small corporate groups, you know, that was closely held. There was no outside financing and no attempt to sellbonds or stock or anything of that sort. You expanded the business out of what you made out of the business, so it was a slow process. And with limited credit, why, you couldn't expand. And so as a result the motels around Moab or anything of that sort was built by outside people. So that's one of the things. And it's the same thing true with, say, places like Salt Lake. New York supplies the money to build the19
 CECIL THOMPSON #1big buildings there. So it's just one of the things that happens in a community. Even if funds were available, I don't think that generally that the local people would have taken a chance of expanding at this time.They were a pretty cautious group?Pretty cautious, and I think it's typical of a small town. They got maybe a few individuals that would, say, go all out and shoot the works, but most of them they just don't.Well, talking about people taking a chance in gambling, what about uranium stocks? Did you ever get involved in any of those penny-stocks?Yeah, I've been through all that! I enjoyed that andJD: CT:JD:CT:JD:CT:SG: CT:made a little money, and of course, blew some.What are some of the names of the companies, some of the names that you invested in?Oh, I had some stock with Charley Steen. Big Indian Mines was one of them. And he later converted it into the Miavita.You mean the Utex or something like that?Yeah, he calls is the Miavita Mine, but it was Utex. And then he had a Utex that was a separate mine. Ihad a little stock in that but on this Big Indian-- the one he started there, Howard and I put in a20
 CECIL THOMPSON #1thousand dollars a piece along with two or three other people, and they got---?---. And I think I gotJD:CT:JD: CT:JD: CT: JD: SG: CT:JD: CT:about fifteen thousand dollars out of my thousand dollars. So we had a few little opportunities and made a little money, and then I've taken some long shots, but not on a big scale so that I haven't been--it hasn't--Some of the long shots, did you ever paper your walls with the certificates?No, I don't go that far. I just throw them away! But I'd say even in this last one we had here the last two or three years--I don't know whether you're familiar with the exchanges out of Salt Lake.Right.This Parker---?--- Development is the name of one of your firms.At Salt Lake?Yeah.---?---Yeah.Well, the reason I was mentioning them, now this Parker--Butch Cassidy, his name was Parker. Have you read anything about him?Yeah. Kind of picturesque things.Yeah. Well, his name was Parker. His family name was 21
 CECIL THOMPSON #1Parker. And this was a descendent from---?---JD: CT:Of which?This Parker---?--- Company. Then the sister of Butch Cassidy has been through here, and she's writing a book on this thing. I've been asked to---?--- on it. This Parker, he's kind of a--well, he deals in mutual funds and penny-stocks, and has made a real success of it. And, of course, he--say, as an example, you were going to drill an oil well, and you wanted financing, and he would take, say, 25 percent of the cost or a percentage of the well. And he operates on that kind of a basis, and done real well. You got an invention of some kind and you need some money to promote it, and get some models made, and things likethat, why, he'll--if he things it good, he'll--JD: So the penny-stocks really didn't die?CT: No, I think that--and I think that they're goodbecause they give people that do have ideas and a few brains about developing things an opportunity that you can't get at a bank. There's a lot of phony ones to.JD: What did you think of the people that brought in some people, some promoters, and sold some gold pasture?CT: Well, you just accept them because that's the way it is. At the back of any boom, why, that's what22
 CECIL THOMPSON #1happened most of the time. The biggest part of it is ---?--- and the promotion. And so I think the buyer has to beware. That's one of the things you finally grow up at after you've been shaved a few times. Why,you just go into these things with your eyes open, and you don't expect to make a million dollars every time you put in a few bucks.SG: When the boom hit, you had your own school kids here and your small limited places for schooling, what happened when all these families brought their kids in?CT: Well, I think the school board generally tried to provide for them. Of course, they were a little slow at some times, and they had the old problem, well, we don't have enough tax base. And if things blow up, why, here we are stuck with all these bonds and things. But eventually they got the job done, and I'm not sure that children can't get as good an education in a log cabin as they can in a some architect'snotion of what a schoolhouse is, you know. The teachers not the buildings that get the kids motivated. That's the key to the whole damned thing. It's not the buildings, that's for a cinch. I've been in Europe three times, and I went to Trinity College in Ireland. I think it's about five or six hundred23
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1years old and they' re still going into the same classrooms. They're not aware--I went to one in England that was about seven hundred years old, and the marble steps that are that thick are down this far, you know, and they're still using the same thing. And I think they do pretty well.SG: How about when you talked about other things that happened during the boom? What industries did you see move out? Of course, you had to make room for trailer space.CT: Wel1, that's the change I was talking about when I was talking about a strictly agricultural economy as against some industry. And the combination of the two, why, the alfalfa fields, fruit orchards and these were the things that disappeared. Of course, a few of them left, but then the potash being able to come in, why, it just kind of continued to change from agriculture to mining and milling.SG: You probab1y got a 1ot of contracts with the government during the war and had a lot of relations with the government. In what aspect do you think the government improved Moab, right up until after the boom?CT: You mean what the government did to improve the area? SG: Right.24
 CECIL THOMPSON #1CT: W ell, I think they--as an example , they helped theschools with a percentage of their financing, and this is something you can check with the city. The water and sewage systems, I think, they helped on those, provided a certain percentage of it. And then I imagine the government people were discussing these problems with the government board which gave pretty good advice, at least general information that was good. I can't think of anything specific¥ They've talked about, say, developing dams here on Mill Creek and the Colorado. It's never occurred yet, but it's one of those things that may still happen some time.JD: You a1ready mentioned the changed of the town. How has the town changed after the boom other than what you already mentioned? Did you notice any other changes?CT: Well, I think I've already indicated this. The change in ownership is from local to people that have moved in. I think that's probably one of the major changes.And--JD: How about after the boom? Did most of the familiesstay or did most of them move out?CT: Well, I would say with any boom town, a lot of yourcourse, your outsiders just keep coming and going. They're in a state oflocal people move out and, of25
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1going and coming all the time, and it's still true here now. And then these rumors get started that the mine is going to close down, and people will move whether they're going to close down or not. Now that's been going on with the potash here for the last year and a half. And usually, I think, workers sense a lot of things that even the management don't know. They seem to know ahead of management what's actually going to happen in some of these situations.SG: You personally ... what, what are some of the problems that the boom caused?CT: Well, I think it's just the mechanical problems of doing the things that had to be done like building the schools, the sewer and water systems, and updating your transportation and communications. The other thing that's occurred--see, the railroad used to be th e w hole su p p ly p o in t as fa r as transportation, and, of course, as roads were built, people began to haul things in trucks, and drive their cars to Salt Lake and Denver, where ever they wanted to go. And so as a result of this, the passenger business is just about out of business. And it's all over the United States, not just locally. And, of course, the airlines, as they advance,they're taking over. It seems now that even these 26
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1feeder lines have got ideas of expanding beyond a sma11 community, but the sma11 communities are not profitable for them, and they use them as kind of a crutch to get going, and then they say, "Well, we can't deal with you any longer. We're too big to serve you now." And so that's what's going on here with our airline. So I think that eventually communities like Moab and Monticello, and people like that, why, they're going to have a feeder line that goes to Grand Junction or Salt Lake or someplace to get service.SG: What has been Moab's re1ations with Frontier Airlines?CT: Well, I'd say it's been good and bad in different periods, but as an example right now, we have two different schedules. About 75 percent of the business is on one schedule. That's the one they want to cancel. So it appears to me that they just don't want to serve Moab any more. They're on kind of a use-it or 1ose-it basis. That's the way they operate. Now they provide so much service for express, and if you don't keep that going, why, you're out. On the other hand, the community's built the airport at their ownexpense and provided all these facilities for them. So they're not taking too damn many chances. They27
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1just come in and leave when they get ready. Of course, they'd have to have a hearing before they can abandon the schedule, and so I don't know what will eventually happen. I do know from being in the transportation company and serving a lot of these small towns that you do lose money serving them. If you don't have a combination of larger cities to serve, why, you just can't make your payroll, it'11drive you are out of business.SG: What role do you think tourism is going to play inMoab in the future?CT: Well, I think it's going to be real important. And Ithink that they are probably taking more chances, or let's say, they've got more foresight than people in the past. They're actually building motels, say, that are on a class that will suit the tourists. They're getting ready in advance of, say, the tourism, and I think that thing will continue. The same thing has happened with the service stations in the area. The oil companies have bought locations way in advance of what the business will justify, but they figure thepotential is here, and if they have the locations ---?--- why, ---?---. And I think the attitude of the Park Service is a little bit negative in a way, particularly Canyonlands. They want to keep it28
 CECIL THOMPSON #1principally a ---?--- area for hiking only, but tourists just don't do that thing. There are a few people that like to go in there and camp, look---?---But I think 90, 95 percent of the people want restaurants, and motels, and services. And they're not going run around on these dust roads and enjoy it. So I don't know whether that attitude will change or not, but if it doesn't, I think it willslow up the tourist trade in this particular area.SG: You think the tourist trade will become thepredominant industry in this area surpassing mining? CT: I do. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I don't see how it can help it. I think, particularly, the development of these rivers, Lake Mead, and Powell, and Flaming Gorge are, say, all hydro-electric plants, but they control a lot of silt. We still have the problems of silt filling these lakes. It seems to me that somebody ought to be smart enough, say, even if it's only going to take fifty years to fill them up, what are we going to do after that? So I think that there will be some dams built, say, on the Colorado here. We have the Green and the Colorado riv er s here locally, and a lot of desert washes that come in itand bring in a lot of silt. And if they don't protect that, why, these dams will eventually fill up. And29
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1once they fill up, why they won't be of any further use. And personally, I think the water is still the most important resource that we have, we had better just get with it and save all the water and keep it in the best usable form that we can. I think that's the other thing. People are getting more sensitive about pollution, and I think water and ---?---. But they're not enough---?---. They keep these supplies and particularly the dams that we do have in existence---?---. Now on the Green River, you have ---?---, and Fremont, and---?--- River, the Duchesne River, and all of those are contributing to the silt, and Powell is 25 percent gone. They started on the wrong end of the river. I remember I used to go to some of these meetings that--well, concerning the development of the Colorado system. One of the old engineers there said that the rivers developed these---?--- was to start at the top, and his idea was that you would have controlled stream so that when you're downstream, you could built reservoirs for probably half the amount that you could when you just had a full river running all the time. You would never have any silt in your reservoirs because you would control the silt from the top coming downstream. But California had too many congressmen30
 CECIL THOMPSON ll1and senators that had influence, so the started fromthe bottom and started working up the riv ers .SG: Of course, some of the conservationists claim that the problem is that there are too many dams already,that it just makes it worse by building more.CT: On what point of view?SG: Well, the dam---?--- causes the problems because ofthe nature of the dam. Well, they claim--their argument is almost exactly the opposite of what you're saying. In terms of the state land commission, what role does this play for the city of Moab?CT: Wel1, I'd say probably only in a minor way. At the time of statehood, under the enabling act, why, the state got four sections of land out of every township, and, of course, they didn't get title until the townships were surveyed. So in the state of Utah has had, oh, anywhere from a half a million to amillion acres coming from the federal government all the time. And then every time there is a military reservation created or one of these parks, all of the state lands that are---?---, why, within those parks we have the right to move it out and select it someplace else. But in this particular area, the state has---?--- Valley, and if you wanted to, say, start some kind of business and the state had land to31
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1sell or if you want to rent or lease--or, as an example, this potash plant was built on the state 1and . The state se1ected the-- in fact , they se1ected the whole potash area, and the revenues from the royalties from the potash mining all go to the schools. So under any situation where there is a natural resource being developed and a mill site is needed you can't acquire because there is just federal lands there and there is no way to acquire it from the federal lands. We can select it and sell it to you for a specified price so that you know what you're going to pay for it before you select it.Well, in the case of farming ground, why, you have some farming ground where we have underground water, and we'll make an appraisal of the land and lease it to you for a certain percentage of the appraised value. That way you don't have to have capital to invest in the land. You can invest it in equipment and things that you need to develop the land. It's on a 149-year lease for the basis of it, and it's aboutas secure as taxable ownership.SG: Do many people take this option?CT: There's quite a few. This is a policy that has beendeveloped here, oh, about the last five years. We have about four or five here in the valley right now32
 CECIL THOMPSON #1that are drilling wells and starting farms. And ---?--- a few other areas to the state. On this ---?--- plant that was built over here around the belt area, we selected the section of land for them to build a home. So it gives opportunity that isn't readily available, particularly out in these out-of-SG:CT: JD: CT:the-way places.Do you think more people are going to make use of it as time goes on?I think so.How do they choose the leadership of this commission? The governor appoints him. There's five districts in the state so that someone from that district will be represented on the board all the time so they know something about the local conditions, and somebody on the board will know about any situation that occurs around the state.So it's a five-man board then?It's a five man board with the exception that the state superintendent of instruction is automatically a member. And then we have another member that represents some of the colleges. He's a Ph.D. up at USU. He's the man that is in charge of the forestrydepartment up there so he gives expert advice on--see we don't have the forest lands that could be re- 'SG: CT:33
 CECIL THOMPSON #1forested, so we try to get general information. And then we do have the forestry and fire department under the land board too. The state forestry and fire control is the same board that supervises the forestry and fire department.JD: Does this change with every election? In other words--CT: Well, it's an appointive thing. The original appointments started with a two-year appointment-- two, four, and six-year, so that they were staggered. The present law is that each member is appointed for four years. Now he can be reappointed. When I was appointed in 1958, there was only one other member left there that--there are two of us left, the others have all gone. Some of them died, and other have gone because the governor didn't 1ike them or something. It's one of those things that happen that's political.JD: What were the biggest differences of opinion? Where do you find them? Is it whether or not you should actually do a project, assign projects, the rates of projects? Where are your main difference of opinion?CT: I didn't get the first part of your statement.JD: I'm sorry. I'm trying to find out where would you, the board, come into disagreement? Would it be mostly34
 C E C I L THOMPSON #1on what rate you should charge for the land, whereyou should use the land, how, you know, you shoulduse it?CT: Well, I can say that this would be the first decisionyou would make. Supposing you wanted to buy, and the board has a general policy not to sell. We want to retain the land because we think that land is going to be more valuable. We think that's the first thing. But an exception to that rule is that if you, say are going to employ a hundred or five hundred men to build a mill and create a payroll, we would sell you a site without any question, at an appraised value. It's 1iable to be the present appraised value, not some future appraised value. So we do make those exceptions. Or any individual has something that he wants to develop, and he is actually going to create a payroll, and it's something that will make a tax base, why we automatically sell. Now if you come along and--I don't know whether you're familiar with the St. George area or not.JD: I know where it is.CT: Well, there has been some development there likewater, and the area is growing. The state does have some block of land down there. Well, we had this ---?--- Corporation there. They're top builders. They35
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1build golf courses and have horses and places where you can ride, hunt, and fish, and they build homes in the forty and fifty thousand dollar class. And they do a real fine job. Well, they wanted to buy about two thousand acres over here, down there. And we don't want to sell it yet because we think they're just going to hold it until they're ready to develop on it. They're going to speculate on it. So we don't sell it for that reason. We think that the state schools are entitled to take advantage of any appreciation that occurs, say, over a period of time. And so when it finally gets down to a judgement thing, when is the time to sell? I think one rule of thumb is that the time to sell is when somebody will develop industry and create payrolls and put people to work. ---?--- ---?--- all the time. Now on the lease thing, what we do, say, as an example, to make it easy, we'll appraise the land at a hundred dollars an acre, so we would lease it for five dollars an acre, which is 5 percent. The state law is that youcan charge 5 percent on unpaid balances for state land, and you can't charge any more. So that's the cheapest interest rate that you can get any place now. And you get a twenty-year contract. So if you're buying something that costs twenty thousand dollars,36
 CECIL THOMPSON #1you can buy it for five hundred dollars a year at 5SG: CT: SG: CT:JD: SG: CT:percent interest, so that make it pretty easy to get into business.Did American Potash buy that, or was it leased?Potash plants?Yeah.Well, what occurred there--I don't know whether you've talked to Bob Norman. Have you?Bob Norman?No.I think you should because he's the geologist here, and he's with Utah Gas Company now. But he's the man that located this potash here--got the potash mill inhere when he was with Delhi Taylor's--what's that fellow's name? I'11 think of it in a minute, but--I forgot what I was talking about now, trying to think of that name.You were talking about the potash plant and circumstances surrounding it, probably the acquisition of the land.Oh yeah. Well, this Delhi Taylor had been drilling down there for, oh, maybe a period of a year or a year and a half, and they finally decided that there was enough potash there for development, and thenthey ---?---. So I thought it was a good selection. 37JD:CT:
 C E C I LTHOMPSON #1One of the problems you have of the selecting by the federal government is that if you have a producing mine, you tend to select it since it's on federal land. So it becomes critical as to when you make your selection by drilling and saying there's apossibility of a commercial development of potash here and it is a commercial deposit. And we did have a lot of trouble getting our selection through and then we finally did it. And this is one of those things that they said, "This is in the producible stage," because it's a known deposit and because it's been drilled sufficiently, and we've known---?---. Now in the case of some oil fields that we've selected in, where they've actually been drilling, but there has been no discovery, if the government would hold up your selection for a long enough time until they did bring in a well, and they say, "Well, this is a producing oil field. You can't select in here." You had those kinds of prob1ems. We se1ected about eight or nine thousand acres down here, and I think the royalty down there has amounted to, oh fifteen or twenty thousand dollars a month. So it's helped the school. It all goes into the general school fund.SG: They're leasing that land that they're using? 38
 C E C I L THOMPSON #1CT: They have--see, they have federal issue on the landto start with. And when we selected it, why, the state accepted the federal leases under the same terms that exist, and that's one of the things that happens now. If we make an exchange with the federal government and we have a state lease on the land, why, they accept the state lease. If there's leases on the federal lands, we accept those. So that we don't have any problem exchanging it that way.Have you leased to any uranium operations?Oh yeah.Would you mention a few of them?Well, there's Continental Uranium Company that pays the state something like may a half million dollars in royalties.JD: CT: JD: CT:JD:CT:JD:CT:JD:CT:JD: Operation.CT: -- operation. I don't know whether you've been out inNow where--Over here at La Sa1. At La Sal?Yeah.Right.It's an open pit--the area, but you can see it from, oh, La Sal Junction. It's right straight east, probably a little39
 C E C I L THOMPSON #1bit southeast, and you can see it.JD: Did they have to state what kind of payroll they were going to have, or how many people they're going to employ?CT: No. No. They--well, I'd say in the case of, say, ---?--- now, as an example. There's a lot of things that are known before they get to the point of plan sight. They've already drilled and they've already determined the values of the deposit, the grades, and gone through a pilot plant stage to see how the process is going to work and all those things. And then all at once they say, "Well, we've got an operation here, but we need a plant site." So it's already determine at that time that they're going to employ maybe a hundred men or five hundred men, so it's not a guessing game. It's a sure thing at that point.SG: Do you think there is much politics involved in the board itself, or do you think it's pretty much a stable organization?CT: No, I've been on a lot of boards, and I think this is about the freest board for me. I don't even know who's a Republican or a Democrat on the board. Theydon't pay any attention to politics. It's one of the few boards that I've been on that--I don't think that40
 CECIL THOMPSON #1political influence has anything to do with our decision. But, of course, you always finally get down to judgement things. I'd say you make some bad decisions and you've got some good ones.SG: What are some of these other boards that you've been on?CT: Well, I've been on, say, the oil and gas commission, as an example. And they have the problems of deciding the spacing and things of that sort. And then you've got the community pressure right down here at the Aneth oil field drilling. ---?--- not too far frommining, and of course, Monticello. And the density of the spacing determines how much money's going to be spent in the area. If you, say, drill on forty-acre spaces, why, there's going to be twice as much if you have it on eighty, or if you have it on a hundred and sixty acres, it's going to be four times less. So you get strong community pressures to make it on a smaller spaces so they'll spend more money on the area. So those are things that I'd say are pressured. I don't think that you're necessarily influenced, but you are pressured to make those kind of decisions against, say, they have outside people that would come in and testify that one well will drill a certain acreage. That's the permeability and41
 CECIL THOMPSON #1communications, say, between a well on 160 acres of- ---?---. As they drain the field, why, there's no use in putting it on 40 acres. So you kind of take all those with a grain of salt too. Every company has different positions. Say, as an example, in a field that's that large, and you got maybe ten major companies that are involved. But only the first on that's there, if they can drill a lot of wells on a small spacing, they create a drawing that will, say, get a larger percentage of somebody else's oil than they could if it was on 1arger spacing. So they all have axes to grind when it comes to these oil fields. I think that if they could all drill at the same time, it wouldn't make any difference, but the one's that get in there first, and if they get a whole lot of---?---, a low pressure area is created where your production is, and then, of course, your flow is to that. So they steal a lot of oil.SG: Were you on the board when they made the decision to lay the El Paso gas pipe through this area?CT: Yeah, uh huh. Yeah.SG: What kind of pressures were put on the board for themto--you know, were other cities bidding for this gaspipe?CT: No, I don't think there was any competition. It was42
 CECIL THOMPSON #1just a matter of--of--there was prob ably people th at, say, were contracting with the oil companies. The only way that they could get control would be that I would sell my gas to you if you would build a pipeline. And if he was out trying to build a pipeline, he would probably be making me an offer on what he would pay for gas, too, you know. But then I think, that the control now--if you were going to be a public carrier gas line, you would have tariffs and rates that had to meet competition. And so there couldn't be too much of that anyway. But there's, I would say, company politics on most kinds of things. And of course, you've got commissions. I just noticed this morning that at Sinclair and Atlantic-Richfield are going to have to divest themselves of three thousand service stations in the merger that theymade. And, of course, this line here has been-- they've been ordered to divest themselves of this line. National, yeah. Uh huh. And they've had about, oh, I'd say about five or six hearing over a period of maybe seven or eight years. But the latest decision here, not over two or three months ago, said "Well, the Governor's give a whole lot of time to getrid of it. This time, this is it." SG: W hen---?---?43
 CECIL THOMPSON #1CT: About a year and a half ago. Well, they figure thatEl Paso has too much control, say, in an area and it's a monopoly. And that's what they're trying to stop here is the monopoly or the control in certain areas of the gas lines. And these are the things that, say, is handled as a public carrier because eventually if they get all the business, they can pretty much determine what you're going to pay.SG: What other gas companies then, gas pipeline companies are there to take over the El Paso line?CT: Well, there were--I don't know what company will bid in it, but Colorado Public Service Commission made a bid on it, and it was accepted, but for some reasonthe oil companies themselves and some of these people that were, say abandoning the El Paso sell were opposed to having the Colorado Public Service acquire it. So I don't know what the reasons were, but they were afraid that maybe the same control would exist under the Colorado Public Service Commission that El Paso had. I don't know the details yet, but we're on these hearings---?--- and we'll hear what goes on.SG: Did El Paso from the very beginning want to come through this Moab Valley?CT: Yeah. Yeah. See, they have interests in the Northwest and southern Canada, and--well, Phillips Petroleum44
 CECIL THOMPSON #1particularly has Pacific Petroleum, and has a lot of that Alberta Gas production. And as soon as this gas runs out down here, as an example, they're going to send to gas back. It's going to come from those areas up there. Those are the things that they are looking at long-range because otherwise if there was no more gas along this line, it would just be abandoned. But the future is that this thing, instead of the gas going northwest, it'll be coming Southwest.SG: So it's one of the more lucrative pipelines?CT: Yeah. And eventually, it could possibly connect with Texas and California. So when you've got one of those 1ong distance 1ines, any deve1opment up through Canada is terrific. It could go on for years andyears and years. So the potential is something.SG: Were there any other boards that you've served onthen besides these two?CT: Oh, I've served on a lot of local boards. I was thedirector of the bank, the school board, city council, and irrigation boards, cattle, and Bureau of Land Management boards.JD: Pretty much everything.CT: Well, just being born here, and there are only somany people around, why, you get more opportunity.SG: In summation, what do you think uranium mining has45
 C E C I LCT:THOMPSON #1done for the area?Well, I'd say, this may not be what you're lookingfor, but I'd say it was a change in--a change from just a small--just don't know how to say it. Well, what I'm trying to say and I don't know how to say it, is that these small towns are made up of a combinations of these families that stayed in a community just over and over and over and nobody changed. This thing has integrated us áwith the rest of the world.Brought in a lot of new blood?Brought in a lot of new blood, and I'd say all good, with some exceptions, but I think that has been the biggest thing that has been good.It's been a positive thing for it then?Yeah, I think it's good.JD: CT:SG:CT:SG: Well, thank you very much, sir. CT: Well, okay.46