  WALTER LANSENBAUGH Cortez, ColoradoAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-150July 17, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsJuly 17. 1970Tape #1:Family and Background ................. 1 Homesteading . . . . . . 3 Later Developments . . . . . ... 8 School and Church ................... 10 Ranching. 15 Sawmill Jobs. 17
 THEWITHFOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW CONDUCTED BY SUZANNE SIMON WALTER LANGENBAUGH, I N CORTEZ, COLORADO, ON JUL Y 1 7 , FOR THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT , JOINTL Y1 9 7 0SPONSORED BY THE U N I V E R S I T Y OF UT AH AND C A L I F O R N I A ST A TE AT FULLERTON. [TAPE #1.]WL:SS:WL:SS: WL: SS: WL:SS:WL:These things--I just wasn't paying any attention to it you know. Just every day working, a fellow never thinks anything about it.Well, those are the kind of stories though that we need to save now, because there are not too many of the younger folks that know these things.There was a lady here last fall, maybe you ran across her, Mrs. Barker?Pearl Barker?Huh?Was it Pearl Barker?She claimed to own the--or they do, or some of her people owned the old Hole in the Rock.Oh yeah, I know who you're talking about. She's over in Green River now. One of the other interviewers went up there and interviewed her. She's written a couple of books on that country over there.She said whenever she got hers ready, she'd send me a copy but ---?--- [Apparently interview beings at this point. ]SS: Well, sir, will you start by telling me your name and when you were born and--WL: My name is Walter Langenbaugh and I was born in
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1Illinois and we came to La Plata County when I was four years old, which was just a part of La Plata County at that time.SS: And how old are you now?WL: SS:WL:SS: WL:SS:WL:I'm ninety-one.I declare. You look in mighty good health to be ninety-one.I'm, I'm going down. Of course they expect it at that age.You say you were four when your family came here?I went to Durango and then we came over here in 1886. Been here ever since.What made your family decide to move, leave back East and come out here?Well, I just wondered about that. They left good country back there, the best country up there in the heart of Illinois. We came out to a place like this in the early days with the Indians and everybody around. I just can't conceive why they would leave a good country and come to this.Did they want the land to homestead and get the land? To homestead, yes. That was our homestead out there,ss: WL:west of the Cinnabar.SS: How many were in your family that came? WL: What?2
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1SS: How many brothers and sisters and all?WL: There was--my brother and I were at that time justthe two of us trying to come from Illinois.SS: Well, I'm sure you can't remember that trip, you weretoo little.WL: No, no, no. I can remember though, that before thistown was tents around and no buildings.ss: Can you tell me though--I'm sure that your family has talked about that trip. Can you tell me what kind ofan outfit you had and what you brought with you?WL: Well, they came by train, and when they got down to Anita there was a big snow that you've always heardabout. The snow of 1884? SS: Uh huh.WL: Mother stayed there with us, with the children about six weeks. My dad, he come out on snowshoes, came over to Durango, and we stayed there at the expense of the railroad company till they got the road cleared and brought us over the hill.SS: Was that when the country was first opened to settling or to homesteading?WL: Yeah, that was the first opening. Yeah, they brought all their people here, had been many years before. Some of them were hired as long ago as 1870, '76. But they were just drifters coming and going.3
 WALTER LANGENBAUGH # 1SS: Were there a lot of people?WL: Yes, the country just filled up with them, likeflies. They came from everywhere just like the gold rush. I don't know why. I guess they got tired of them. A lot of them just quit and went over and left while we stayed.SS: Uh huh. Did your family stay in Durango very long or did you?WL: We stayed there two years; we came in 1884 to Durango and stayed two years, and then we came over here in 1886.SS: Well, just tell me what you remember about coming, what kind of a trip was it? Was it--I guess there were just terrible trails.WL: There were no wagon roads, they were just trails. We came over by wagon, came over the hills from Durango here, and I just grew up here with the country. We never had any trouble with Indians. Mother always had, we always called it "something good" on the stove, and the Indians would come, two or three or four of them and she'd feed them and they'd go on. But some people had a lot of trouble with the Indians.ss: What tribes were in here?WL: The Utes were closest, and then of course we've got4
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1the Navajos and Utes both.SS: What about in those early times, did the Indians fight among themselves very much, I mean the two tribes?Yes, they were very quarrelsome with each other. That is, we were told they were. I think I remember the races and mixing up with the Indians. When I was a kid growing up they had most of the races down in Carmel Canyon. Mixing up, later on they matched the races here at Cortez.WL:SS: WL:SS:WL: SS: WL:Did the Indians have pretty good race horses?Yes, they did. They had as good of horses as anybody. They sometimes cleared the white people too.Had your family when you--did you get some cows started and bring them with you from Durango?Cattle?Uh huh.No, we didn't. After we came here, I think about 1887, my folks got a milk cow and we started a little one from that cow. There's where we got my butter and a few chickens, and then carried it down to TomMcCartney.SS: Oh, well, tell me about that.WL: Well, Tom McCartney and I had a cabin about a mileand a quarter southwest of my old homestead and we 5
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1liked, our mother liked to deal with him because he gave better money than the stores did, and he always tipped me for 1i ttle things. When I 'd go there, he give me a little money and tipped me, and so I had that deal going with him through the winter of 1888 and the spring of 1889. Then later on, ---?--- bank and I never saw him after that.He just cleared out after that?He cleared out after that.What kind of a fellow was he?He was a quiet kind of a fellow, tall, slim fellow and he never talked loud, or seemed to be just asSS: WL: SS: WL:SS:WL:friendly. He just liked me, treated me like anybody would. He had lots of company. We called them cowboys, fellows coming with cowboy apparel on them, you know. I supposed they were like partners in it in the outlaw business.Did the outlaws trouble the settlers around here very much?No, no, they didn't. I can't remember any of the outlaws bothering us at all. They bothered--they'd quarrel amongst themselves sometimes; people' d get drunk, men would get drunk and then shoot each other, but I never did see anybody get killed.ss: Huh. Well, like you say, you came here and grew up 6
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1with the country. When your family first settled over here, how did you get supplies and things you neededfrom outside?WL: We'd haul it or pack in dry goods in here, and ofcourse with that crowd of people coming, we built a road pretty quick from Durango to here. Those traders would come in and Dad did a lot of trading. There were other people that were trading. Finally the stores started up and--SS: How long would it take you to make that trip?WL: Two days each way.SS: Huh?WL: In the early days, there was a widow lady by the nameof Mrs. Briton. Do you remember the Britons? SS: Y es.WL: The third generation, she came from Durango here, driving four six horse teams.SS: By herself?WL: By herself.SS: She must have been quite a gal.WL: She was. She was just as rough as iron. I don't knowhow she ever did it, but--SS: Other than just the roughness of the country, werethere any special problems? Would the Indians leave those freight ones alone or--?7
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1WL:SS:WL:SS:WL:SS: WL:I can't remember. People tell me there were, but I never knew it.Well, the town here, with people moving in, did the town get going pretty soon or--?Well, it built up right or just seemed like overnight. The saw mills came in around the country, and they were just as busy as they could be and they just drilled up all the logs.I guess people had to live in tents or whatever until they could get one.Oh yeah, in tents. What was I going to say? I don't know.Well, we were talking about the town building up. There was a organization built, started by fellows by the name of Hamblin and Chamberlain and--gosh, I can't think of that [other] fellow's name. They were part of the corporation to build, to bring the waters from the Delores River to the valley. They drilled a tunnel which is a mile and a half long under the hill between Delores and the valley. There was a high flume built from out here about two miles long, but it didn't cover all the water in this town. I cameabout 1888 or '89.Then was that pretty dependable?SS:WL: No, that old flume leaked all the time. After I got8
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1to--able to work, I worked on caulking that flume, paid hired out and caulking that old flume, caulking the leaks.SS:WL: SS:WL: SS: WL:SS: WL:ss:WL: SS: WL:Did they have much of a tunnel to build, I mean was it a long one or--?On account of that help, do you mean?No. I just meant how much did they have to blast out to get it through that ledge?The tunnel?Uh huh.They had to go measure the drill hole under the hill about a mile and a half and were still getting water through that tunnel.Is that right? Is there a pipeline in there?No, well, I'm not sure, but I believe this tunnel has got a pipeline through the tunnel now.Uh huh. Well, what about water for irrigating the farms?They came in here in the fall of 1888--And enough water to satisfy the people's needs?Well, no, it wasn't. ---?--- complete, it was all built by horses, of course, in those days. They never built it big enough. They've been built withmachinery since then and they were dependable.SS: Uh huh. Well, when you were a boy growing up, were9
 WALTER LANGENBAUGH #1there enough people around to have schools for you to go to here in the area?Well, on our district out there where our homestead was, my dad and our neighbors organized the first district in the county, but afterwards this townWL:SS:WL:SS: WL: ss: WL:ss: WL:organized and they talked those people out there out of it and they numbered their district then number one and ours number two. There always were hard feelings about that afterwards. But when, of course, with that kind of people coming in, they all had lots of kids and they got school started just as quick as they could.Uh huh. Did they hire teachers from outside or did-- were the teachers local people?Our first teacher was from Denver. Miss Hess. I went to school here when my dad was working on this highflume. The old school house is still standing. Is that right?Yeah.Was it rock or board or--?No, it was lumber. You know where the people's little eating house is down here on the corner?Well, I recall.That had a little shack in there right this side, just about where that building is. They started a10
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1temporary school there. I went to school there until they got the other school built. Do you know where Robert Johnson lived over there by the Slaymans?Yes.That house, if you'll notice it, there's been built on to it, just a "T" built on to it, and that was theXX:WL:SS:WL:XX: WL:first permanent schoolhouse in Cortez.Hmm. How did the kids get from out to the ranches and all in?They didn't get there. They came from different districts around the country. They kind of settled up. They didn't hold much like they do now.Did they walk or just ride their ponies in?Oh, some of them every way. I had to walk to myschool district. I---?--- where the school house was located. I had to walk all the way from a mile, a half a mile to a mile and a half. They'd keep changing the location of the school house.Well, I expect that in wintertime that was a pretty long walk, wasn't it?Oh yeah. I guess we enjoyed it though, I don't know.ss:WL:ss:WL:ss: Six grades, uh huh. And if you wanted to go on didHow many grades? Six.you have to go out?11
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1WL: That's as far as I got.SS: I guess that was far enough. You were talking aboutWL:SS: WL:SS: WL: SS: WL:some of the disagreements that the people had. How did they go about reconciling them?Oh sometimes they'd fist fight and sometimes they'd quarrel. (laugh)Depends on how mad they got, I guess.Depended on how mad they got, how much support they had.What about churches over in this area?Churches?Uh huh.Well, I don't know, but it seems to me like the churches came in about the first thing. There was a big church built up, right same location as the Catholic Church is now, was built about 1888 or '89-- there's that and the Methodist.Uh huh.Mother, she was very much inclined towards that and she had me going there to Sunday School and church for a long time.SS: WL:SS: Are there a lot of Mormon people over here?WL: Yeah, they're getting lots of people, lots of Mormonshere now.SS: But there weren't, not necessarily--how many were12
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1 there early?WL:I don't really know. They weren't that early. After-- my folks were poor folks and I had to go make a living. I went to Dolores and got a job up there on the top of the hill at the sawmill and a fellow and I worked for ran out of money and I had to get another job so I went over to Al Rusk, about a mile and a half and went to work for his mill. By that time therailroads were in and I worked there until one morning he come down and wanted to know if I'd take a load of lumber down to the railroad track. I wasrunning a sawdust cart and I told him I never had done it. He put me on a four horse team and took the lumber down to the track. The hill was steep and I was used to having shoes running underneath the wheels to go down the hills to keep the wagon from running over the horses, you know. I got to one day where I was going down and a little old cloud came up about as big as your hat and rained on me and the horses couldn't hold the load and I went off over the hill and against the trees. There were four of us lumber haulers and it took us all the rest of the day to get back down. I went back and quit and then I went to Mancos and worked over there at Heber and Hamlin. So I worked there two years and there was a13
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1Mormon settlement there at that time; we called it the Mormon settlement. They had a dance hall down in Weber Canyon, and of course the kids would congregatethere. We used to go there to those dances, another kid and I would throw in together and they would open those dances with prayer and close them with prayer. If some fellow got a little bit out of line they'd just grab him by the arm and out he went. I formed friendships there that--they're all about gone, but there were some, they were very lasting. I've been very friendly with the Mormon people and I always have.SS: Was that a very big settlement over there?WL: Yeah, they settled up over there before the permanent settlement over there on account of water before theydid in here.SS: And they were farming and ranching over there?WL: Yeah, yeah. Really sooner because we didn't havewater until they drilled that hole through the hill, that tunnel, up there. All they had to do was put it in their ditches and out they went.SS: Uh huh. What kind of a rig did they have, could they use there, did they have to use to drill that with?WL: Oh, it was just drills and hammers. SS: And drills?14
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1WL: There was no present day machinery at all. This wasall done by jackhammer and single jack. You know there are people that have been very prominent through the ages that went through. Dolores at one time [was one] of the richest towns of its size, of its population in the United States.SS: Is that right? Where'd they get all their money?WL: Stock, cattle and sheep. Since then it's down withthe rest of us.SS: Were there lots of sheep in the country then?WL: Yeah, yeah, the Mormons come in here with a lot ofsheep in the summertime, went to the hills, came infrom Bluff and Monticello.ss: They used this high ground over here for summerrange?WL: Not right here, higher up.SS: Y eah.WL: Up in the mountains.SS: Uh huh.WL: Then after the Forest Service seemed to--they seemedto control the drifting of the cattle and the sheepmore.SS: Did they ever have any problems between the--?WL: Oh yeah, they had them. Some fellows got on thecattle range with a little bunch of sheep and vice 15
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1versa and they were always quarreling.SS: Anything special that you can remember happening?WL: No, no.SS: The people that--different ones, you say the MormonsWL:brought theirs over. Were they mostly herds that belonged to a family or were they companies?No, I think they belonged to the families. The old, old families the--and I can't think of who I'm talking about now, the Redds, and those old, old people that used to live, the forefathers, you know. We used to--I can't drift from Colorado now and know who the Mormons really were, but they all had sheep. The Dolores people always happened to have cattle. Were they what you would call range stock or wouldthey try to get any particular breed going?Oh no, not it was just range stock. They were lucky to have any kind of stock.I guess it was easy for them to market them with the railroad in there.There were a lot of cattle drifted in from Texas and those countries.SS:WL:SS:WL:S S :WL: I 've seen, in the spring roundup around here, I 'veseen as much as two thousand head in this valley here before they could get them up on the San Juan RiverHmm.16
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1and gather them up here. They could generally count them out up here on the banks of the river somewhere.SS: Was that--you were talking about working in the saw mill, is that what you did for your fist job?WL: The first job I got I went--my second job I mean. After I left my folks I went over to Rusk and I asked him for a job. He wanted to know if I knew how to ride horses and I told him I could and well, he said he had a kid who burned up a horse yesterday and thejob was open if I thought I could handle it. The road was built up over a high place where they built a fire underneath---?--- and burned up their edgings and sawdust. The kid before me, he backed his horse up, dumped the edgings and sawdust and backed the whole works off, horse, cart and all off in thatfire.SS: When you said he burned up a horse I didn't know youmeant literally.WL: So Russ told me if I could handle a cart and a horse1ike I said I could, he'd take chances on me. He rigged up a cart and a horse and I held that job for a couple of months and then he came down one morning and wanted me to take that load to the lumber down the hill and then of course, I was done with. That kid--he had people working there in the mill and he17
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1hung around and he'd give me a good beating because I took his job.SS: (laugh) How old were you then?WL: I was seventeen.ss: How much did you get paid in those days? WL: About three dollars.SS: A week?WL: No a day. They paid good money for that kind of work,what we probably figured was good money.SS: That's better than cowboy wages, wasn't it?WL: Yeah, of course we had to pay for our board out ofour three dollars.SS: Did they have, run a boarding house at the mills?WL: Yeah, they had boarding houses at the mills.SS: How many guys were working there?WL: Oh, I suppose there were twenty-five or thirty at theRusk mill. I'll always remember this fellow's name. His name was Limbo, Alf Limbo and I'd always think when I got to be a man I'd give him a licking, but I never did.SS: You never did? (laugh) Well, when you--you went on to another saw mill you say after you left that.WL: I went to Mancos after I left that.SS: Oh.WL: I worked in the mill there, I don't remember how18
 W AL TER LANGENBAUGH # 1long, a month or six weeks, I guess. They needed somebody to haul lumber from what they called the little mill to the big mill, and I had one good horse that the neighbor had given me here when I was a kid. They give me a colt and he'd grown up to be a good horse. I messed around and got another horse and got a team and made myself a á wagon and hauled lumber there. The last year I hauled lumber all the winter.SS: All winter?WL: Yeah. Well, not all winter. The last winter, the snowgot so deep, I came back down and worked for adeliveryman here in Cortez.SS: Did they just rough cut lumber?WL: They didn't have any painters those days, just-- SS: I guess they shipped all over, didn't they?WL: Yeah, yeah, yeah.[END OF TAPE]19