 JOSEPH BOYD McKEAN West Valley City, UtahAn Interview By Becky B. Lloyd December 4, 2004SAVING THE LEGACY: An Oral History of Utah's World War II VeteransTape No. 716 American West CenterFort Douglas Military Museum and Marriott LibrarySpecial Collections Department University of UtahSalt Lake City, Utah
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH JOSEPH BOYD McKEAN ON DECEMBER 4, 2004. THE INTERVIEWER IS BECKY B. LLOYD. THIS IS THE PROJECT "SAVING THE LEGACY: AN ORAL HISTORY OF UTAH'S WORLD WAR II VETERANS." TAPE No. 716BEC: This is an interview with Joseph Boyd McKean. Do you go by "Boyd"? JOE: Yes. The Army made me go by Joseph.BEC: Is that right?JOE: And so does everybody today. I'm Joseph B. McKean most of the time. BEC: So, it's just "we" family members who call you Boyd?BRE: Right.BEC: All right. This is an interview with Joseph Boyd McKean in West Valley City, Utah. Today's date is December 4, 2004. This is part of the "Saving the Legacy Project". Boyd's son-in law, Brett, may also join in. My name is Becky Lloyd. Boyd, let's start with when and where you were born.JOE: Spring City, Utah, July 29, 1916. It was at my grandmother's place. [Editor's note: Spring City is between Mount Pleasant and Ephraim, Utah.]BEC: You were born at your grandmother's house?JOE: Yes. Ididn'tlivethere. Iwasjustbornthere.BEC: Your mother went there to give birth?JOE: Y es.BEC: Where were your parents living at the time you were born? Were they living in Spring City?JOE: No. It was where the ranch was on the way. Have we got a Utah map here that I can...
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN DE EMB R 4, 2004BEC: That's okay. It's not that big of a deal. So you weren't living in pring ity. Your mother just traveled there in order to give birth.JOE: Yes. But we lived on a ranch then. They had a big ranch then he (my father) and his brother were running. It was the ranch of my Grandmother McKean. It was in...holy cow. Have you got a map of Utah?BRE: No.BEC: That's where you were living, though, was on that ranch?JOE: Can you turn those (tapes) off for a minute and I'll see if I can go get it? [tapes off, then on.]BEC: All right. So we determined that it was in Thistle, Utah, where your family had a ranch.JOE: In that area, yes.BEC: What kind of ranch was it? Sheep, cows?JOE: We had everything.BEC: Did you?JOE: We had cows, sheep, turkeys and everything else. I can remember going to sleep by one of the barns and waking up with a big turkey on my back, pecking me (laughs). I haven't thought about that for a long time but it came to my mind just now.BEC: That's funny. So you grew up working on the ranch then?JOE: Y es.BEC: How many children did your parents have?JOE: Wait a minute...three others. My father died when I was three and a half. He died of a heart attack.3
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R 4 2004BEC: Oh?JOE: Then my brother died when he was forty-something of a heart attack. Then my sister who hadn't been born when Dad died-she was just being carried by Mom-she's three and a half years younger than I am. She's eight-four or eighty-five, I guess. I'm just eighty-eight.BEC: So what happened to your family then after your father died? Did your mother remarry?JOE: Later on.BEC: Did you stay on the ranch and continue working?JOE: No. She...family members from all over came and just robbed her blind. My dad had a big gun cabinet with all kinds of stuff and everything he had, they picked it up and took it.BEC: Oh. So his family members came and collected memorabilia and things?JOE: Most of them.BEC: That's a shame. So then where did you move?JOE: Then my mother had to work hard.BEC: Is that right?JOE: Yes. But she was a pretty lady. She got picked as Miss Salt Lake or something like that at one time.BEC: In her teenage years?JOE: I don't know. Maybe it was after. I don't know when it was.BEC: So where did you move after? Did you leave Thistle?4
 JOSEPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R 4, 2004JOE: Yes she moved to Salt Lake. My grandmother tended us while Mother work d. We lived on 800 East then. Then I went to Diamondville, Wyoming, and lived with my uncle, Dr. Fairbanks. Then I went to Salt Lake and lived in the Kimball Apartments with my aunt, Cloe Wood, at that time. Then I went to Bingham City and lived with my aunt there. I went to another Salt Lake relative and lived there. When I was going to the University of Utah, Dr. Fairbanks had moved to Salt Lake on Military Way and I lived in their house then. Then I lived on 200 South and 1300 East in a one room apartment. Iguess they fed us three meals a day when I was going to the University. Guess how much it was?BEC: A month? Let's see. That was during the Depression so I'm going to say twenty- five dollars a month.JOE: Twenty.BEC: Really?JOE: Y es.BEC: Wow.JOE: For three meals.BEC: So you were living in a boarding house, there?JOE: Well, it was a regular house but they'd made a boarding house out of it. BEC: Right.JOE: I lived in that apartment building that's on 1300 East and 200 South, right on the comer, right where you go to the University; that big one. I was on the second floor right in the comer.5
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R , 2004 BEC: Really? You told me before we started the tapes that you got a couple of d gr efromtheUniversityofUtah. Isthatright?JOE: Y es.BEC: Tell us about those.JOE: Well, I got a military degree in '38. I took ROTC (Reserve Officer's Training Corps) to help me get through the University. [Editor's note: ROTCpaidfor tuition,books and paid a small living stipend in exchange for a commitment to serve in the Army Reserveaftergraduation. The UniversityofUtahROTCprogramtrainedartillery officers. They trained with horse-drawn seventy-five mm guns.] West Pointers were runningitandtheyhadhorse-drawnartillery. Iwasn'ttryingtogetanyjobs(inROTC) but at the end of my second year, they made me (cadet) battalion commander. I didn't want it but they made me do it. Then when we graduated, I was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Reserve. [Editor's note: Graduates from ROTC generally received both a college degree in some field and a second lieutenant's commission in the Reserve.] Every year after that, I'd have to go to military (summer) camps in Western or EasternWyomingorwherevertheyhadthefieldartillery. Igraduatedthenextyearin mining engineering.I was in California by a big building. We said, "Let's go up here and see." We went up there and got a job, right quick, in a Southern California gold mine. We lived in the gold mines for a while. I went into a lease with another guy in Northern Nevada. We were mining there, an underground metal mine. There it was mining copper and silver and some gold.6
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R 4, 2004 Then the Army said I had to go on a year's active duty. [Editor 's note: With waralready raging in Europe and China, it was obvious that the US needed to strengthen her defenses. In the autumn of1940, before the US was involved in the war, Congre spa sed and Roosevelt signed the first peace-time draft law. At the same time various reserve units were called to what was supposed to be one year's active duty. Men also began tobe drafted into the service. The original goal was to have a million men on active duty by the end of1941. When the US entered the war after December 7, 1941, all the service men who'd already been called up and new men coming in had their enlistments extendedfor the duration.] I talked them out of it for a year. The next year they said, "Y ou're going to Fort Sill, Oklahoma, to field artillery school and don't take any family." I went to Salt Lake to get my stuff. I was going to drive down. My wife was with her mother there. She had her suitcase and we had one little girl, Jo Ann. She got in the car and said, "I'm going." I said, "You're not allowed to go." She just stayed in the car so I took her to Fort Sill, Oklahoma (laughs). When we got there, you'd have thought she was the Queen of Sheba. Boy, they took her to the officer's club and gave her a suite of rooms. They sent the guys in to Laughton, Oklahoma, to buy a baby bed for JoAnn (laughs). BEC: Really?JOE: The commanding general had me in and talked to me for about a half-hour. I told him I was tired of the horse-drawn artillery. I was getting bow-legged (from riding). So hemademecommanderofB-Batteryandthatwashorse-drawn. Iwasinthelasthorse- drawn artillery (unit) in the Army. I should have had a copy of all this. In my mind, the memories come in but if I break them up, I lose them again.BEC: Yes, you lose your train of thought.7
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R4 2004 JOE: Where was I now?BEC: You were assigned to the last horse-drawn artillery unit.JOE: Then I ran that (battery) for a while. It was the 18th Field Artillery. We were the troops who were training Army artillery units. We trained a bunch of the officers and we'd get a cadre of officers and then they'd go out and get all their men and come back and train as a unit. We trained them. I trained generals (laughs).BEC: Is that right?JOE: Yes, in the artillery. There were even West Pointers. They didn't know their hatfrom a hole in the ground as far as artillery was concerned. Then they called me up to headquarters and said, "We're going to make you the battalion executive." I wasn't asking for any of these jobs. Then we were sent to Southern California on maneuvers out inthedesert. Theyhadthousandsofsoldiersthere. Weevenhadonecoloredunitanda white unit from the South. Those Southern guys didn't like the blacks and they actually started fighting each other with guns. There were a thousand people who came out there but never one word of it ever got in the papers. They were really going at it.BEC: Is that right? Do you mean they were fighting with guns? They were shooting at each other?JOE: Yes, just like they were fighting enemies. Then the colonel came to me and said, "Jump in a plane and go to Texas and get our orders." I didn't even have a coat on. I got in the plane and we flew to Texas. I about froze my butt off. I got our orders and I brought them back and they were sending us overseas. So we got a train and loaded it up with 2,500 men. They made me the train commander. We went clear across the United States and I had to make sure we had food for all these guys. We even got into Canada8
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R 4, 2004 along through the Great Lakes. They took our train over a hundred miles an hour. Boy,it really zipped along there. Then we got down to New York and then to Boston to the largest ship convoy that had ever been was assembling to send our troops over to Europe. We had a ship in what they called Coffin Comer. We had all these ships. We had battleships and aircraft carriers and ships as far as we could see. We couldn't see how bigthisconvoyofshipswas. Thentheyhadallkindsofshipsgoingaround. Theyhadaircraft from aircraft carriers flying because German subs were trying to get into the convoy all of the time. Now I was in charge of (the men on) my boat going across. BEC: Is that right?JOE: I didn't ask for that either.BEC: You were a natural leader?JOE: No, I wonder about that to this day.BEC: Explain to me what that Coffin Comer was that you mentioned. What were you talking about when you said your ship was in Coffin Comer?JOE: We had all these ships like this. Then in the comers, they called those the coffin corners because that's where a lot of the ships were that got hit by submarines.BEC: They'd get picked off because they were off on an edge?JOE: We were positioned on the left back corner in the convoy. We were the last ship of the left back comer. As far as we could see in the other direction were ships. Then we got to Europe.BEC: Where did you land? Did you land in England?JOE: In England, yes. Then we got ready. It was the big build-up for the invasion. This is part of my story, I guess.9
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEAN D MB R4,2004 BEC: o you were going to be part of the Invasion of Normandy?JOE: Yes we didn't go on the first day, but we were all loaded up and we landed on th beaches. We landed on Utah Beach. We were being fired at by the Germans who were on the hills around there.BEC: Right. But before that, after you landed in England, I'm guessing you were there for a while doing training and maneuvers and such.JOE: Yes, we were there getting all ready to go.BEC: Did you live on a base there?JOE: Y es.BEC: Do you remember the name of the English town or city that you were nearby. JOE: No. I did remember, but I'll have to get some maps. When we got to Europe, these ships all went to different places. A lot of them went to France. Some of them went to Italy and England. Our ship went to Scotland. We got on a big river there. Then we went on down. What the heck was the name of that town?BEC: Well, that's okay.JOE: The English people, all their officers and commanders were from elite families. So we were invited to homes every once in a while. That's where I learned to eat my dessert first. I was invited to homes in England and in France, too. They served their desserts first. To this day I still like my desserts first. There're a lot of people around who still remember me eating my desserts first. Dessert is a lot better when you're hungry. If you eat that first, you don't eat as much food after so there might have been apurpose for that. Anyway we had a lot of maneuvers. Old Eisenhower wasgetting ... there were thousands of ships that were being lined up. Y ou've seen those10
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R 4 2004 landing craft and things. We got on those out on the water and hit the beaches and tookoff. We landed on Utah Beach. The very first day, after we got away from where we were being shot at there, the colonel and I got in the command car and went to find a general who was in that area. Boy, we were being shot at by the Germans. We got there and the very next day they had us in combat.BEC: Now you told me that you didn't land right on D-Day. Were you on D-Day plus one or two? Do you remember?JOE: I don't remember. It was a few days after. They were still landing (in landing craft on the beach) like that. I still saw a lot of the paratroopers who'd landed in trees and they'd shot them in the trees.BEC: I've heard about that before. That was a terrible sight, I'm sure.JOE: It was crazy. Being a separate battalion, we didn't belong to an infantry division. Anywhere where there was a battle on, they'd call for us separate battalions to come in and help. So we were always busy. [Editor's note: Mr. McKean indicates that by this time he was in the 687'h Field Artillery Battalion. The battalion had three gun batteries, each equipped with four 105 mm howitzers, a headquarters battery and a supply battery. The 687th battalion was evidentially an organic battalion o f US VIII Corps and was temporally attached as needed to various VIII Corps Divisions. This makes it difficult to trackprecisely the activities ofthe battalion during the next nine months. VIII Corps itselfwas a various times part ofFirst, Ninth or Third Armies in Bradley's Twelfth Army Group. Various online unit histories state thatfrom August 21, 1944 to September 11, 1944 the 687'h was attached to the 2nd Infantry Division. From November 19, 1944,through January 1, 1945, the 687'h was supposed to be attached to the 28th Infantry11
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R 4, 2004 Divi ion. However, after it was overrun in the first few day ofthe Battle ofthe Bul e,orne survivingparts ofthe unit were with the 101s1 Airborne (at Bastogne). For mo t of 1February and early March of1945, the 687'h was attached to the 87 hInfantry Division but Mr. McKean had been captured by then and was no longer with the unit.]BEC: And always moving around it sounds like.JOE: We had sixty-three percent casualties in there. I think it was in the Cotentin Peninsula. Anyway, then we were shipped over to Luxembourg to regroup and get all built up again. We were on the line there when the Battle of the Bulge started. We were one of the first units to be hit.BEC: It was sixty years ago this month was when that battle started.JOE: I was captured on December 7. [Editor's note: The Battle ofthe Bulge started December 16. Probably Mr. McKean was captured around December 19. See below.] BEC: Is that right? Tell me about all of that. So you landed on Utah Beach and got right into combat and were moving around and backing up other units. Did you fight across France?JOE: Gosh dang it. I don't know whether I've got a map of France or not [sorting through maps].BEC: This is Germany.JOE: This is not the one I want.BEC: I usually have my maps with me but I had another project I took them out for andforgot to put them back in.JOE: Anyway.BEC: May I look at this for one second?12
 JO EPH BOYD McKEANDE MB R4,2004JOE: Y es.BEC: There it is.JOE: Where the Battle of the Bulge was.BEC: You've got this area circled here around Luxembourg. It was in Luxembourgwhere you got...JOE: Boy, I always knew all those things, but they've slipped my mind.BEC: After sixty years it does that doesn't it?JOE: I guess.BEC: So you did do some fighting in France?JOE: We did a lot of fighting in France.BEC: Did you have to fight your way across France on the way to Luxembourg?JOE: Yes. Well not to Luxembourg. We went to the west part of France first. That's where the Germans had all their submarine pens. We took those while we were in all those towns in that area. [Editor's note: From Utah Beach VIII Corps was on the right (west) flank o f US First Army and the Invasion. First Army spent June and early July clearing the hedgerows ofthe surrounding Bocage Country beyond the beaches and the Cotentin Peninsula, which included Cherbourg. Sometime in late June or July, VIII Corps was made part ofPatton's Third Army. The entire Third Army was originally tasked with turning west to clear Brittany after the breakout. However, Operation Cobra, the breakoutfrom the beaches went so well that only VIII Corps was sent to clear Brittany while the rest o f Third Army under GeorgeS. Patton 's command drove towards Paris on the rightflank ofFirst Army. Brest, site ofmany U-boat pens, was taken by VIII Corps on July 28 after hardfighting in which 68ih FA tookpart. Paris was liberated13
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R4 2004 Augu t 25 and Third Army linked up with Seventh Army coming north from outhernFrance. Meanwhile VIII Corps finished clearing western France. Overextended Allied supply lines and the failure o f Operation Market Garden in Holland finally slowed the advance in late September. By then the Allies occupied France, Belgium, Luxembourg andhadenteredGermanyatAachen. Aviciousandextendedbattlebeganinthe Huertgen Forest southeast ofAachen that occupied the US First Armyfor the nextfive months. During this time, VIII Corps, including the 687'h was finally brought east and went into line with the rest of12'h Army Group in the forests ofnorthern Luxembourg.]We were getting men killed every day and getting replacements. I was even...one day I remember some of our P-38s were strafing the Germans that we were firing on. One of the planes came down like this and went up like that and clipped the tail off of one of our bombers. That tailless bomber went around and around and around and landed and the guy never got killed.BEC: He didn't get killed?JOE: No, see the tail sort of had wings like that so it just didn't drop. It floated around. That (story) got in the Army papers, but I never did see it in the other papers, but it probably did.BEC: Civilian newspapers. Wow.JOE: I witnessed a lot of bombers shot-up. I'd see them get hit, then the guys wouldjump in their parachutes. Some of them, their parachutes would burn before they got to the ground. There was a lot of that, anyway.BEC: You saw a lot of horrible sights?14
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R4, 2004 JOE: In all that we were busy; busier than a cat on a tin roof. Then after we got thatarea (Western France) under control, they moved us back across France through Paris and up to Luxembourg. We got on the Maginot Line there. [Editor 's note: Mr. McKean probably means that they were near the German Seigfried Line. The old French Maginot Line lay west ofLuxembourg.] We were helping the 11oth I think it was. [Editor 's note:Online histories ofthe 28th Infantry Division show that on November 16, the 68ih FA 1wasattachedtothe28thInfantryDivisiontosupportits110hInfantryRegiment. The28'h Infantry hadjust been badly mauled after two weeksfighting in part ofthe Battle of Huertgen Forest. They had been withdrawn to the forest ofnorthern Luxembourg, to a''quiet" twenty-mile sector ofthe front overlooking the Our River to rest get replacements and re-equip.] I need to go through all the stuff I have here.BEC: Have you come to the part yet where you made a major?JOE: Well, I was made a major in Fort Sill, Oklahoma. [Editor's note: The 68ih was apparentlyformedfrom part ofthe 181hFieldArtillery in 1943. A core group of experienced officers and noncoms from existing units wouldform a cadre around which a new unit was built. Formation ofa new battalion would have created openingsfor promotion ofofficers. As a battery commander in the 181h, Mr. McKean would have been a captain and in line for promotion to major as executive ofthe newlyformed battalion.] BEC: Oh, okay, because earlier you asked if I wanted to hear how you became a major. But were you just saying they gave you jobs you didn't ask for?JOE: I was never trying to get them.BEC: Right, yes. But you kept moving up and getting more rank.JOE: Yes. I never tried to get any of them but I got them. I was the train commander.15
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R , 2004 BEC: Then the ship commander (in command of the men on the ship).JOE: Then the ship commander and then after I got out of prison camp I came out of Western France through Camp Lucky Strike, they called it, they got another ship convoy that hauled wounded and (former) POWs and I was made the commander of that ship. It was the largest ship in existence at that time. It was a big ship that they got from the Germans in World War I. [Editor 's note: Possibly this was the former German Ocean liner, the Americka, which had been seized during World War I and converted to atroopship.] We were in the North Atlantic. We had aircraft carriers and a convoy there. It wasn't as big as the one we went over on. Then we had a typhoon (hurricane or storm) with 140 mph winds. My cabin was eighty feet above the water on that big ship and there were times when I was looking up at the water. The aircraft carrier that was next to us, part of the deck blew back up so they couldn't fly off.BEC: Wow, those were terrific winds.JOE: Then on a lot of the other ships, I knew a lot of the guys. Ships would go up like this and you could see their propellers clear up in the air. The guys who I talked to said they just got in a hammock and strapped themselves in. That was all they could do. They couldn't do anything else. I had a lot of good experiences.BEC: So going back, you were in Luxembourg and were fighting again there.JOE: Yes, that's where. Let me show you right here I've got it on this one. [sound of maps rustling] The Germans had that Maginot Line or whatever they called it. [Editor 's note: The German Siegfried Line faced the old French Maginot Line along the French- German border south ofLuxembourg and Belgium. The German Siegfried Line defenses16
 JO PH BOYD McKE D MB R 4 2004 continued northward along the eastern border ofLuxembourg, Belgium and Holland, allthe way to the North Sea Coast.] We were put with the...here let me grab that. BEC: Is it the file?JOE: And that.BEC: And the book [rustling of papers and book pages].JOE: See here? The guy that wrote this one...they were in the 11Oth Infantry Regiment ofthe28thInfantryDivision. HesaidthatourBatteryCwastherehelpingthem.BEC: What is this book you're reading from? Let's see. It says, "Buying Time in the Battle ofthe Bulge" (by Gary Schreckengost). Okay, so somebody wrote up a story about it on the internet and they mentioned your unit?JOE: Yes. What they didn't know was that a field artillery battalion has three firing batteries and a headquarters battery and a service battery. When we were on that line, where the infantry was, we had our C-Battery up there. Then back behind them a mile or so, we had B-Battery and then our A-Battery and our headquarters. We were all firing. [Editor's note: Probably C-Battery was positioned somewhatforward ofthe other two in order to reach further in maintaining harassing fire on German positions across the river.] Well, he (the author) thought he was getting from this (fire support from C- Battery) he was getting from the whole battalion.BEC: Oh, yes, right.JOE: I remember when they started, I was talking to the battery commander. I was talking to him on the phone. He said, "Wait just a minute!" I heard a shot. He just shot a German in the head (laughs).BEC: Is that right?17
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R ,200 JOE: Then when the Germans were coming, I ve never seen so many. They had ton fthem. They had horse-drawn stuff and all kinds of things. Then when we were on the line, the US Army had a tank battalion that was there too. But for some reason or another, they were moved before the Germans hit. We didn't have them, but the Germans had all their big tanks that came in there. A bunch of our guys who were captured, they just put them in fields and just mowed them down with machine guns.Yes, I saw part of that. Then the tanks never got to our gas supplies so they had toabandon them and go back to Germany.BEC: The German tanks didn't get to the gas supply?JOE: They had 88s on them (the German tanks) that were a lot better than the guns onours. [Editor's note: During the Battle ofthe Bulge, Germans deployed Panther, Tigerand King Tiger tanks. The Tigers both used powerful and deadly 88 mm guns. ThePanthers were armed with high velocity 76 mm guns. Both the Panther and King Tigertanks had sloping armor to deflect shells. The Tigers were powerful but were heavy, slowand difficult to transport. The Panthers had slightly less firepower but were wellarmored, agile andfast. Any ofthe three could make mincemeat ofthe AmericanSherman tanks.] I was in a building there of adobe bricks where we had the headquartersbattery. One of the 88 shells came through the wall into where we were but it went outthe other wall before it exploded. [Editor's note: On December 16, 1944, the Battle ofthe Bulge began. The Germans attacked with three Armies along a fifty-mile front ineastern Belgium and Northern Luxembourg. This front was thinly held by the US 99th 11Infantry Division in the north, the US 106 h Infantry Division in the center and the 28 h Infantry Division in the South. The most powerful German thrust was the German Sixth18
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D B R 4, 2004 S Panzer Army in the north. Its objective was to punch through the U 99'h Divi ion'lines and pivot north and take Antwept, the Allies most important supply port. This move was also intended to cut the Alliedforces in two and strand the British 21st Army Group andpart ofthe US Jih Army Group in Holland. In the meantime, the German Fifth Panzer Army in the center ofthe attack was to break through the lines ofthe US 106 h and 28th Divisions and guard the flank ofthe German Sixth SS Panzer Army as it wheelednorthward. The Fifth Panzer Army was also to seize Brussels. In the south, the GermanSeventh Army was to defend the leftflank ofthe Fifth Panzer Army's advance andintercept any Allied reinforcements coming from the south. The US 28th InfantryDivision's line ran roughly north and south for twenty miles along a ridge one or twomiles west ofand overlooking the Our river. The division 's three infantry regiments eachheld a sector ofthe line. The Jlih Infantry Regiment held the northern sector and the 11109 h Infantry Regiment held the southern sector. Between these two regiments, the 110 h Infantry Regiment occupied nine miles in the center o f the 28th Division's line. The 11 oth Infantry's positions lay along a road that became known as ((Skyline Drive". This position was eight or ten miles east ofWiltz, Luxembourg, andfifteen or twenty miles east ofBastogne, Belgium. The 11oth Infantry's defenses along the front were not continuous. Rather, the regiment's companies were mainly posted in towns and at strongpoints and crossroads. Regular patrols covered the intervals in between posts. The regiment also maintainedforward outposts on the riverbank to keep watch on the enemy across the river but these were only manned during the day. At night, the west bank in front ofthe lines was a no-man's land where American patrols often skirmished with German patrols sneaking across the river. The gun batteries and headquarters ofthe 68ih FA, providing191
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEA D MB R ,2004artillerysupportforthe1101h, wereprobablylocatedafewmilestothewe tof kyline Drive. Thebatteriesofthe6871hprobablyhadforwardobserverteamswitheachofthe line companies ofthe 11O'h. When the attack came on the morning ofDecember 16, the scatteredunitsofthe11O'hquicklyfoundthattheywerebeinginfiltrated. Thelinewas penetrated in several places by elements ofat least three German Divisions. The 11O'h,with the aid ofMr. McKean's 687'h FA, put up a spirited defense but after a couple of days ofconfusedfighting in the fog andforest, they were forced to withdraw towards Wiltz. The defensive fire from the guns ofthe 687'h having been withdrawn to the area around Wiltz covered the withdrawal ofthe remnants ofthe 11O'h but eventually ammunition and supplies ran low and Wiltz itselfbecame untenable. The 28'h Division headquarters by then had relocated to an area south ofBastogne and the rest ofthe division including what was left o f the 11 01h and 687'h FA attempted to withdraw there on the few roads that wound through the German-infestedforests. Mr. McKean didn't make it. Around December 191h or 20'h, he andpart ofthe 687'h were overrun in and aroundWiltz. Mr. McKean was captured. A few ofthe 687'h 's surviving guns and men apparently made it into Bastogne where they aided in its defense.]BEC: Is that right?JOE: That was when we were still in .. .it was there in Luxembourg where that happened. Then in Luxembourg, being the executive officer, I had to go where the men were. Iknewmostofthose2,500men. IwentlookingforCharlieBattery(C-Battery). This battery here this 11oth where they had their headquarters, there was probably amillion dollars of equipment that they'd just left because they were retreating away from the Germans. There was one colonel there. I asked him, "What's going on?" He said,20
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R4 2004 'Well they've all gone out to the rear. They didn't even take their quipment withthem."BEC: The Germans or the Americans left the equipment?JOE: The Americans.BEC: Oh.JOE: I said, "I'm looking for my Charlie Battery. He said, "Oh, there're down there. Idon't think you'll be able to get to them." I said, "Well, I'm going to have to try." I tried. I had a truck with a bunch of guys in. I was going to leave them to make a way for the firing battery to come back to where the rest of us were. I got to one crossroads where I put a guy out and there were eight Germans with burp guns on patrol. [Editor 's note: Gls most often used the term "burp gun " to refer to the 9mm German Maschinenpistole 40 (MP-40). It was fully automatic but its relatively slow rate o ffire gave it a sound when fired that gave rise to its nickname, burp gun. The MP40 is often incorrectly called the Schmeisser, after weapons designer Hugo Schmeisser. The weapon was coveted by the Germans and the Allies and was the favored weapon ofthe German Fallshirmjdgers paratroopers and panzer grenadiers.] They just all stopped.We didn't see them. We didn't have any ammunition for our rifles or anything so we just left them and they left us. When I'd gone to that colonel and I said I was going, he put his arms around me and he had tears in his eyes. He thought that was going to be the end ofmylife. TherewasonethingthatIlearnedwhenwehitthebeaches. Iwentbyand there was one of our jeeps. It had two of our officers in it bawling like little kids and just hugging each other because we were being bombed and shelled. I learned that you can't be that way. You just had to, when the bombs and shells are landing and its over with21
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R 4 2004 and you're still alive, you go about your work. You don't worry about it. That wa thkind of attitude I got. I even had guys, when I was captured, I even had guys that were half crazy in my command car. I got so I wouldn't be afraid. A tank outfit, who was there before the battle started, I got to the commanding officer there one day and boy, he smelled like a brewery. I said, "You've been drinking a little bit, huh?" He said, "I have to, to keep my senses." All the time when I was in the Army, when they captured thosebig warehouses full of wines and beers, they issued it to us. They were issuing drinks like that to us all the time when they'd get it like that, cigarettes, and everything like that. You could buy a carton of cigarettes for fifty-five cents in Fort Sill. Now, what are they? Twenty-five dollars? I learned how to smoke a little bit then but I stopped when I got back and got a church job.Anyway, we were retreating. We held the Germans up in that area for three days. Then we ran out of ammunition. Field Artillery has three firing batteries and each one of them has four howitzers; 105 mm howitzers. We had a ton of ammunition, but we ran out of good ammunition. We had a lot of shells that were propaganda shells. When they exploded, they put out leaflets. But I even had them shoot those things. Then we had somewhitephosphorous. Ihadthemshooteverythingthatwehad. Thentheinfantry didn't have transportation. Our field artillery was all motorized, so we had lots of trucks. We loaded those things up with the infantry. They didn't have any ammunition. I saw some lights in one house and went there and there was a whole rescue crew down therejust all huddled up. We loaded them up and took them too. I got back to our headquarters battery and our other batteries were going. Some of them got into Bastongne. You've heard ofthat, huh?22
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB 4 2004 BEC: Yes.JOE: They didn't give up there. They fought. I was next to Bastongne, but I nev r got there. At our headquarters battery I went to see Dr. Huff. We had a building there in a placethattheyhadarestaurantandallofthatkindofstuff. Inthisonegreatbigroomthe floor was completely covered with wounded. I was going to talk to him but I couldn't get over to him. Then Captain Ried came to me and we were talking. He was standing here and I was standing there and he was standing there and he got a bullet right between theeyes.BEC: While you were standing there talking to him?JOE: Yes. It missed me but it was real close. Somebody wrote my wife and told her that was me.BEC: That you'd been hit?JOE: Yes. Anyway, fighting was getting rough and (German) parachute troops were dropping. I went into where the fire direction center was and there was a big explosion. When I woke up, I was lying flat on my back with a German poking me with a burp gun. That's when I got captured.A couple of years ago ... Brett?BEC: I think he's in one of the back rooms.JOE: Some guy from California called. He found out that I was still up here and his dad was in that area. He said that they thought I was killed in that explosion. They didn't know I was still alive. I was supposed to go see him in California but I never got there. Brett?BRE: What?23
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEAN D B R4 2004JOE:BRE:JOE:BRE:JOE: Okay, well, anyway I got captured then. They lined us up and we were in a littleThat guy who called from California do you remember that? Kind of.He said I was dead in that explosion?He might have.draw among the hills there. They put all the (captured) officers in one place and they kept taking pictures of us without a flash. That's the first time I'd seen some of that film that didn't need a flash. Then they had the (captured) enlisted men over on the other side ofthecanyon. Theywereliningthemupseveninarowandononesidetyingalloftheir arms together and on the other side their legs together and then taking them. I found out later, after I'd been liberated and all. ..we had these rifle units. I knew all the guys in threeofthembecauseItookguystothemalotofthetime. Itookaguyandhediedand I helped the doctor perform an autopsy on him. He had me cut his head and get brain samples. We got every organ in his body. Ever after that, every time I get around certain hospitals, I get that smell. I had a lot of different experiences. Anyway, I got sidetracked aga1n.BEC: You woke up and that German was poking you with a burp gun.JOE: They took us outside and lined us up. One of the Germans took a rifle and swung it just as hard as he could hit me right here and knocked me for a loop. That's where I'm having trouble today, one of the places. I don't know whether that's what caused it or not. Anyway, that's where I got hit. The German officer who was there had boots on andlongleathergloves. Hecameupandjustslappedtheheckoutofthatguy.BEC: Really?24
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEA D B R ,2004 JOE: Icouldnttellwhathewassayingtohim butboyhesureb atth heckout fhimwith his gloves. Anyway, they took us over in that canyon where I told you. They w r doing that to the enlisted men. I found out from some of these doctors in the evacuation hospitals that they were taking them out and just shooting them.BEC: Oh, is that right?JOE: Then the Allies started getting German prisoners; they weren't saving them either. That's why you don't kill the enemy because they'll kill your guys.Anyway, they put us in trucks and hauled us to a place that was like our Sing- Sing. They took all of our clothes off and took all of our rings and watches and everything. The only thing they let me keep was a picture of my daughter. She was about a little over a year old. My wife had even given me a Book of Mormon that had a metalplateonitthatwassupposedtostopsomebullets. Theytookallofthatstuff.Then they put us on a train and hauled us somewhere. While we were on that train, when our planes would come over, the engineer and all the guys would take off and just leave it and we'd get strafed. We got strafed by our planes. [Editor 's note: The Germans didn 't mark the roofs o f the rail cars as carrying POWs as a ploy to keep the Allies from shooting up their supply trains. The Allied P-47s shot all the trains up they couldfind killing many Allied POWs.] Three guys in the boxcar that I was in got killed. One of them lost his arm. Doctor Huff was in the car with us and he had to cut his arm off. We hauled him to the prison camp they had us in for a few days there. I had some problems and I went to see the doctors. When I got there, here this enlisted man came up. He was the driver of my colonel. He put his arms around me and he was happy. He was glad to25
 JO EPH BOYD McKEA D MB R 200 see me. I asked him what he was there for and he had a piece of shrapn 1that w nt andknocked the inside of his mouth.BEC: Into the roof of his mouth?JOE: Yes. When I saw all those guys in there getting help, I just said the heck with it and never went to see a doctor anymore. I should've, I guess, but I didn't. Anyway, then they hauled us, the officers, to Diez Germany and they put us in a castle. [Editor 's note: Diez is a town on the banks ofthe river Lahn in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, abouteighteen miles east ofKoblenz and about 100 miles to the Northeast ofwhere Mr. McKean was captured. The town is (still) dominated by the castle ofthe medieval counts ofDiez, the later residence ofthe counts ofNassau-Diez.] They had me in one ofthe towers up on top of this castle, in a room that was five by five. There was no bathroom or anything else and you had diarrhea so you just painted the walls and had to live in it.It had a big window in it. The glass was broken out and it had bars in it. I could...every time the planes would come over in all the air raids (sirens) would go, I could see them (the German townspeople) grabbing their kids and that and going to ...BEC: The shelters?JOE: Yes, I got a kick out of watching them go to shelters. Anyway, I was in that place for eleven days. Then they moved us to another camp where they had these big tanks where they gassed the Jews. They put us all in a big tank and made us take our clothes off. We thought, "Well, this is it."END OF SIDE A26
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEAN D B R4 2004 BEC: So they were delousing you? I what they were doing?JOE: Yes. But then, they gave us some soap or something and we all started tryingto -they told us where the water was and it was ice water. Have you ever tried to shower in ice water?BEC: No, I haven't.JOE: That's the last bath I had for six months. I never had another bath in prison camp.Because that was your only option, was ice water?Then from there they took us to-- The last prison camp I was in was called Stalag [Editor 's note: Stalag XIIA was located at Limburg AnDer Lahn Hessen-Nassau,BEC:JOE:XIIA.Prussia. Stalag XIIA was part ofa whole complex ofcamps that was usedprimarily as a transit center. It wasjust afew miles east ofthe interrogation center in the castle at Diez.] That was in the center of where there were a lot of (industrial) plants where they were building German fighters. Then over on this side they were building tanks and then over on this side, they were making ammunition. We were right in the middle of all of that. They put this big prison camp there because they figured they would bomb the plants with all those prisoners there. But they still came over and dropped a lot of firebombs and things. I was in a room-how big it was-twenty of us were in a room. We had bunk beds. We had four rows of bunk beds. I was in... like if this would be the room, the door was here, and the bunk beds were like this [indicates].BEC: Oh, I see.JOE: I put that picture of my daughter on the wall, right there. At night, there was no electricity or anything. It was pitch black so we just got in bed.27
 JO PH BOYD McKEAB R4 2004One night, I came out of my body. I could see everything. I w nt down and looked at all of these guys. I looked at everyone on them. In that room they let us hav a bible and a recipe book. I saw where the bible was and where the recipe book was. Then I went over and stood on the big slab in the window there and when I was sitting there a hundred planes started coming over and started bombing and I thought I wasgoing to go up there. Right from the area where my daughter's picture was came a beam of light. I was about like a two-inch pipe only it was red, red light. It shot right in front of me. That little girl said, "Don't go, Daddy. Don't go, Daddy." I could see a little girl over there. I decided I wasn't going to go up there. If I'd have gone up there, I wouldn't beherenow. IwentbackandpulledmyselfintomybodyandIcouldn'tseeanything. When it got light I thought, "Holy Cow! What a dream!" But I'm going to check it out. So I got up and went around the bible was where I'd seen it and the recipe book. So I knew for sure that I'd been out. That was one of my experiences.BEC: That's quite a story.JOE: I had a few of those. Then to top that one off, when we were liberated and came across the Atlantic, I told you about the storms we had in there. When we got to New York, I had to get all of these guys who needed hospitalization in hospitals. I should have gone in myself but I didn't. Then we got another train and loaded it up with wounded and former prisoners of war and I was in charge of that coming across the United States. It took us five days to get from New York to Salt Lake City. We'd have to keep getting out of the way for trains that were taking materials for the war.When we got to Salt Lake, a colonel came down and picked me up. He came from Fort Douglas. Anyway, he picked me up and took me up to where my wife was28
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB 4,2004 staying on 1207 South 1500 East. Her dad came to the door and he let us in. It was twoo'clock in the morning. I went and she was in the back bedroom. The colonel followed me right back there (laughs). We opened the door. My daughter was in the bed but she had her back towards us. My wife was a little upset because she'd been all ready. She knew I was on the way but she didn't know it was going to take so long. Somebody said, "Guess who's here?" That little girl said, "It's my Daddy!" It was the same voice that I'dheardoverseas. Itwasjustexactlythesamevoice. Itjuststruckmewhathappened.So there're a lot of things going on that we don't know about.When I was captured it was night in Luxembourg. At the same time, we foundout that where my wife was on 1207 South 1500 East in Salt Lake City, it was daylight. Her mother was out in the back yard hanging clothes up. There was a dove that landed in the tree right there and she left off hanging up clothes and ran in the house and told my wife that I was in trouble. That was almost at exactly the same time, half-way around the world. So there're a lot of things that go on some way. I had several of those kinds of incidents. Every time, I had something to prove that it had happened.One of them was at the University of Utah right in that comer room I told you about on 1300 East and Second South. They had high ceilings. Then they had this molding around that they put in rooms back then where you could put things on it. I was sick that day and I went out of my body and went up and I could see a little bottle of Lavoris (mouthwash) and a pencil and lots of dirt. I went down and got back into my body and I thought, "Oh, boy, what a dream!" I thought, I'm going to look. So I went and found something that I could climb on and get up there and there was that bottle ofLavoris and that pencil. I've still got them somewhere. So I had to be out.29
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEAN D MB R4200 BEC: That s interesting.JOE: We even had a guy when I was living in Columbia who came to our house.found out he wasn't in our Stake and I wasn't sure where he came from. He came in there and was talking religion to us. He talked about out of body stuff. I could never find out where he came from.BEC: Going back to the war, you said that you spent the rest of your time in StalagXIIA?JOE: That was at the end, we were liberated when they had a big push. [Editor's note: Stalag XI/A at Limburg was only aboutforty miles southeast ofRemagen. The US Ninth Armored Division seized the Ludendorffrailroad bridge over the Rhine at Remagen intact and stormed across on March 7, 1945. Two weeks later, Patton's Third Army surged across the Rhine on pontoon bridges in two other places about fifty miles upstream ofRemagen. Though the Germans made at least one attempt to evacuate the POWs at Stalag XI/A further to the east, they were running out ofterritory in the shrinking Riech. Two months before, the Germans had begun marching POWs and otherforced laborers and prisoners from camps in Poland and the Eastern Reich back to the western part ofGermany to avoid them being retaken by the advancing Russians. Theprisoners remaining in and around Stalag XI/A and the Limburg area were liberated in late March or early April.] It was the English that got to our prison camp first. But theyjust left us. We had to wander around and find a plane.BEC: Oh, you had to fend for yourselves once they liberated you? JOE: Y es.BEC: After they liberated that camp, you were on your own?30
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEA D B R4 2004 JOE: Yes, then we went looking for aircraft.BEC: To try to get out?JOE: That's how we got back to France. They just picked us up.BEC: So in your barracks in the room where you were with those twenty guys, were they all Americans?JOE: No, they weren't. There were English in there too, because it was English guys who wrote that book I've got somewhere.BEC: That's right. That's what you said.JOE: They were all allies, let's put it that way.BEC: Who were some of the people who were in the building with you? Do one or two of them stand out in your mind?JOE: I don't remember them by name right now. I know that there was a colonel there, a full colonel who was just as nervous-in-the-service...what little food he got, he'd trade for cigarettes. So after about a month, he died.BEC: You can't live on cigarettes.JOE: Those prison camps were something else.BEC: Particularly at the end, I imagine, when you were there, when the Germans knew they were losing the war and could barely feed themselves. The conditions must have been terrible.JOE: There were some situations where the Red Cross sent shipments of food into the prison camps, but we never got it.BEC: So did you have a daily routine you had to help pass the time?31
 JO EPH BOYD McKEANDE MB 4 2004JOE: Well, being an officer, they didn't take us out. We had to stay in the camp. Th enlisted men they took out and gave them work and stuff. But officers, no. [Editor' note: Strictly speaking, the Stalags, like Stalag XIIA, were for Army enlisted men who were prisoners. Airmen were (mostly) sent to Luft Stalags run by the Luftwaffe. Mr. McKean was probably in a separate compound adjacent to Stalag XIIA for Army officers.These were called Oflags. The XII stoodfor the number ofthe German military district and the A for local designation ofthe camp.]BEC: So you had to stay in the compound?JOE: Yes, they'd have us outside every day and lined us up.BEC: For roll call?JOE: For roll call, yes.BEC: Then did you do some sort of exercise. Could you walk around or play ball? JOE: No.BEC: So they brought you out just for roll call and then you'd go back into your barracks.JOE: I can't remember. I remember that we didn't have anything to play ball with or anything like that. We could wander around a little bit. The Germans would bring in- they'd go into field and things where there were weeds and all kinds of things growing and bale it in bales, like we bale hay. They'd bale those and drop them in the prison camp. Then guys would take them apart and we'd cook them. That's what we ate was that stuff.BEC: The hay?JOE: Y es.32
 JO EPH BOYD McKEADE MB R4,2004BEC: You boiled it or what did you do?JOE: Yes, I guess we boiled it. Oh, we had other guys in that prison camp. We had guys from all over the whole British Empire. We had guys from India and all those places. Those guys from India, spiders and crickets and everything else, they'd capture and eat them.BEC: They'd eat them?JOE: Yes. I couldn't go that far, but I watched a lot of them. Then when we had to go to the bathroom there wasn't anyplace to go.BEC: They didn't have a latrine?JOE: No, no.BEC: They didn't have anything?JOE: No.BEC: So where did you go?JOE: There was a stream of water there that the guys would go down there and empty their bowels and try to wash off.BEC: So that ran through your camp?JOE: Yes.BEC: Hey, Brett, did you have an appointment you had to get to? You said you had something.BRE: It's just a little later.BEC: Okay, all right. Go ahead.JOE: Oh, there wasn't a day that passed that some of these guys wouldn't come and sit on my bunk and have me tell them about some cooking that my wife did.33
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEAN D MB R4,2 04 BEC: Is that right. Your wife was a good cook?JOE: Oh, yes. Her mother wanted her to put on the market her pie crusts and things that she made. She made pie crust and things like that which were just out of this world. I've never tasted pie crusts that were any better.BEC: So you'd sit around and swap stories about food?JOE: Yes, I'd be sitting there seeing all these chiggers (lice?) and everything crawlingon them. Yes, I'd just tell them about my wife's cooking and they enjoyed it.BEC: Aside from the hay bales, did you have any soup or gruel or anything like that of any kind?JOE: There were no showers of any kind.BRE: She was asking about meals.BEC: Did they prepare any food for you at all?JOE: Well, we had cooks. They'd bring bread in and give us a piece of a loaf of bread, but we had to be careful when we ate it because it had slivers of wood in it. [Editor's note: One online site has the recipe for the black-bread the PO Ws in German camps ate. The recipe calls for 20% ((wood" flour in addition to the other ingredients. Late in the war, the percentage ofwoodflour probably went up.] That was the only thing that we got that was food that they'd fixed. All the rest of it was where they cooked this stuff that was baled up. One time, there was an artery that had come from an animal or something that was in there. Boy, everybody wanted it.BEC: So that was the recipient's lucky day then?JOE: Yes, they thought it was lucky, anyway. It was utilized, I'll tell you that.BEC: What else did you do to pass the time?34
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R4 2004 JOE: We'd just talk. The enlisted men, they kept busy all the time. Oh we wereworking on plans to escape and stuff like that but we didn't get a chance to do it. BEC: You didn't dig any tunnels or anything like that?JOE: I can't remember the details but there was always something like that going on. BEC: In the movie Stalag 17, there was one German sergeant who was assigned to oversee each barracks full of prisoners. Did you have one particular German guy whowas assigned to oversee your barracks?JOE: We had guys like that but I can't remember whether it was one guy or not. I know there was more than one around. This prison camp, all the buildings had been an Armybarracksatonetimebuttheyhaditfilledupwithprisoners. Therewasn'tjustone building. There were a whole mess of buildings around.BEC: Right, yes.JOE: When (Allied) planes would come over, they'd drop incendiaries. All the Germans would go to the shelters and we'd put out the fires. I don't remember too much about it. I did at one time. I had a whole file of all this. I don't know what happened to it.BEC: Have you ever, you, yourself, written down you story before?JOE: Just parts of it.BEC: Parts?JOE: They said I should have written it down a long time ago. I should have had a lot ofjournals. I have a lot of empty (blank) journals that were given to me but I never did (write in them). But when I was looking for this stuff for this morning, I ran into a lot of stuff that I've written. When I was getting ready for this interview I ran into some of it.35
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R 4, 2004 BEC: That you wrote?JOE: Yes.BEC: So as time went on, you spent the rest of the winter in this camp and spring came and in May, the war ended in Europe.JOE: Well, it was still going when I got back to the States.BEC: Oh, so you were liberated before the war ended?JOE: Y es.BEC: I see.JOE: The Third Army came up and they were going to go into Russia and they stopped them from going. General Patton: I remember Patton real well. Boy, he never sent troops anywhere that he didn't get right out front and lead them.BEC: Y es.JOE: He talked to us in England and also in Europe. He was a great general. So was Eisenhower, as far as that goes.BEC: So when were you liberated? Do you remember when you were liberated?JOE: I had it all written down. I've even got the cards that they gave us when we were liberated, the files that the Germans had on us and that. They gave them to us. I don't know where they are.BEC: It would be interesting to see those.JOE: I've been looking for them but I can't find them. I was living on Virginia Street when I had all that stuff organized. Then we moved to Trevi and to here and I've lost everything.36
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAND MB R4,2004BEC: Those moves are so disruptive in terms of keeping track of things. Now you told me that when you were liberated that it was British troops who liberated you. Then you found an airplane and flew to France.JOE: Y es.BEC: Then from France, you picked up a ship?JOE: We were put in a convoy.BEC: And that's when you had that terrible experience with the weather and all.in New York that you landed when you came back?JOE: Y es.BEC: And you took a train back across the country but your train was low priority so it took a long time.JOE: I had several thousand people I had to get into hospitals and things. I should have been in with them because my legs were all swollen then. They gave me a train to bring a bunch of them across. It was five days to Salt Lake City. I remember that they'd keep putting us on the side so other military trains could go by. Every time we'd stop, theguys would just pile out and go find a store to buy stuff. They just went crazy over food. In New York, they had big military places that were just loaded with all kinds of luscious food they gave us. Some ofthose guys went a little bit overboard (eating the food) when wewerethere. Ihadallofthisstuffdowninmyheadforalongtimebutit'sdrifted. BEC: So once you got back here in Salt Lake and the war was still going on, how long were you in Salt Lake? They must have given you a leave.JOE: They took me up to Fort Douglas and cut all of my gums off. I looked like a...you could see all my teeth roots and that. It was horrible looking. The guy gave me a37Was it
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D B R 4, 2004 big sack of Vitamin C and told me to take twenty or thirty a day. I did and they (gum )grew back. [Editor 's note: Mr. McKean's diseased gums and swollen legs and hi subsequent treatment with vitamin C are indications that he was sufferingfrom scurvy. This probably resultedfrom lack ofvitamin C in his poor prison camp diet. Scurvy leads to the formation ofliver spots on the skin, spongy gums, and bleedingfrom all mucous membranes. The spots are most abundant on the thighs and legs, and a person with the ailment looks pale, feels depressed, and is partially immobilized. Untreated, scurvy is fatal, but scurvy is easily treated with vitamin C. The use oflimes by the Royal Navy to prevent scurvy gave rise to the name ((Limey"for a British sailor, which has been sinceextended to all British in American slang. The name ((Kraut" for a German soldier in World War II may similarly be based on the fact that the German Navy used sauerkraut, which is high in vitamin C, as scurvy prevention.] Then I got shipped to California to the camps down there. I was getting ready to go over to the Pacific. That's when the war ended. I was all scheduled to be shipped over to the Pacific.BEC: I thought that maybe because you'd been a POW that they'd give you a Stateside job instead of shipping you overseas again.JOE: I was in New York and came back to Salt Lake and then shipped to some kind of a military place in Texas where they worked me over and then they shipped me to a place in California. I can't remember the town. It was right on the ocean. We were being trained there, I mean getting ready. We had a lot guys there who were still having problems.BEC: I guess they were planning for the invasion of Japan. They must have thought they were going to need everybody.38
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEAND MB R4 2004JOE: Yes, they had to. BEC: That's something. JOE: I need to take a break. BEC: Okay.[tape off, then on]BEC: Okay, we're back.JOE: We were allowed to have that Bible. I read most of the Bible while I was in that camp.BEC: Is that right? Did you sit around while somebody read it out loud or did you take turns borrowing the book?JOE: We took turns.BEC: What about that recipe book? Where did that come from?JOE: I can't remember where that came from. It was a whole book of recipes, just like you have in your own kitchen. That was the favorite book; not for me, but it was for them.BEC: That's just an interesting combination. The two books you were allowed to have were the Bible and the recipe book.JOE: Well, there was never a day that went by that somebody didn't have me tell about my wife's cooking.BEC: That's interesting. So you were on the west coast waiting to ship over to Japan when the war ended.JOE: I can't remember the names of the places, gosh dam it. Anyway, when I was in that castle in Diez, Germany, for eleven days, they just had officers in there for39
 JO EPH BOYD McKEA MB R4 2 04 interviewing (interrogation). Every day, they'd get us down and talk to us. The guywho talked to us, every one ofthem had been to the United States and been to our colleges and stuff like that. They could speak (English) just like the Americans. They were the ones that were interviewing us as much as they could about our organizations.While it was all fresh in my mind, they had some people who had us talk for two or three days there in France. (The US Army debriefed the POWs in France after their liberation.) I'd like to get copies of all that stuff. I guess it must have been burned. It might not have been. I've always been going to write the government and see what they did have about things where I was and whatever. I never talked about all of this stuff for a long time. I never even told about the out-of-body experiences for ages. Now everybody tells me I should have done that a long time ago.BEC: You have some interesting stories. It would be interesting to get copies of your debriefing there and find out what went on. When they had you lined up to go to the Pacific and the war ended, what did you do from there? Did you just stay on the West Coast there for a while or did you come back to Salt Lake?JOE: I came back to Salt Lake.BEC: You had enough points. Did they discharge you immediately?JOE: I was a Reserve, they put me in the Reserves. I got my discharge in 1958, my Army discharge.BEC: Oh, I see. So you ...JOE: I was still a Reserve officer.BEC: Yes, so your active duty ended, but you continued in the reserves untill958?40
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R , 2004 JOE: Well the reason...how I got out, we had to have so many points to g tout ofthArmy. The enlisted men had to have thirty and the officers had to have a hundred. ll the different things that you were in counted as points. When I. ..I guess it was in the Texas one (camp), I tried to get a hundred points so I could be discharged. From all the combat situations and things I was in, they found out that I had a hundred points.[Editor's note: After the war, men were dischargedfrom the service according to a point system. Points were awardedfor time in service, time overseas, time in combat, medals or wounds received, number ofdependents, etc. Men with the required number ofpoints could be discharged provided their services weren't critical to a unit's function.] The doctors there even told me that I was entitled to the...BEC: Purple Heart?JOE: Purple Heart, yes. I said, "If I've got enough points to get out, forget it." I guess I should have taken it anyway. I never talked about it, but when I was in the prison camp, my legs froze. I had my toenails, roots and all came out of my big toes and little toes. I was hit with a piece of shrapnel on my leg, before. It went through my heavy clothes I had on and the piece of shrapnel was still in there. It didn't get into my body but it broke the skin. It didn't get into my body. So I had a lot of near misses. I came back. My sister, Joy, went on a mission to Hawaii. I can't remember whether it was her homecoming or whether it was her going, but she wanted me to give the closing prayer and I said, "No, I don't know how to pray." This was three months before it was supposed to happen. Every time I got in the car, I tried to figure out how to pray. I'll bet I prayed two hundred times or more. When that night came, I was sitting on the stand and the hall was completely filled and the back had been opened and that was filled up41
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEAN D MB R4200 with people too; the basketball court behind the chapel. It came tim for me to pray and Iwas just a-shaking in my boots. I walked down to take hold of the pulpit and I was out of my body. But somebody gave a prayer. My brother-in-law said, "Boy, that guy's sure going to go someplace." I said, "I don't know. It wasn't me a-praying." When he finished, I was back in my body again.I was operated on one time. While they were operating on me, I was out of my body. I never had such good feelings. When I went out, the nurse yelled, "His heart stopped." So they stopped working on the operation and started working on my body with all those electric things and stuff and got me back in my body.BEC: Well, for all the times you've gone out of your body, look how long you've stayed in it.JOE: Y es.BEC: You're going to be ninety years old pretty soon.JOE: Yes, my dad died, really he was on a mission too, so I can't remember how old he was. I was three and a half when he died of a heart attack. I closed all those things. BEC: I need to kind of wind up here because I have another interview. I just want to make sure I get the information down. So you were in the Reserves until1958? Is that right?JOE: Y es.BEC: Were you called up again during the Korean War?JOE: No.BEC: You weren't? You weren't called to active duty?JOE: No.42
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB R4 2004 BEC: Okay.JOE: I got an honorable discharge in '58.BEC: Right. So you had already gotten a couple of college degrees. Did you go back to working in mining engineering after the war?JOE: Oh, yes.BEC: Where were you working?JOE: I worked thirty years for US Steel. BEC: Is that right?JOE: In their coal mines.BEC: Wow.JOE: I was their Western District Mining Engineer.States Geological Survey for quite a few years.BEC: After your thirty years at US Steel?JOE: Yes. I worked thirty years for US Steel. I could retire after thirty years. I told them I was going to retire. The commanding general (boss?) said, "I don't want you to retire." I said, "I've already made arrangements." He said, "Okay, I'm going to cut your pension $400.00 a month." He did. It was the government was after me then. Paul Stores, the government guy in Denver, was trying to get me to come and work with him. When they put my name up, the guy in Salt Lake City decided he wanted me so that's where they sent me. I was in the USGS in Salt Lake. It took in all the mines in Wyoming and Utah and Nevada and Arizona.BEC: For about how long did you work for the USGS?43Then I worked for the United
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D MB ' 200-' JOE: Iwenttoworkin1940andhadthewarinthereandwassev ntyandahalfwh nthe Federal Government retired me. When you get to be seventy and a half they don t 1 t you stay on. They didn't then. I don't know about now. Anyway, they kicked me out and I've been retired ever since.BEC: How many children do you have?JOE: I have ten. Four from my first wife, who I was sealed to for thirty-eight years. She used to tell me, "Honey, I'm going to go before you. I know that you'll need a companion." I only had one restriction, that she was sealed to somebody else. I ran acrossthatwhenIwaslookingforsomeofthisArmystufftodaythatI'dwritten. Iran acrossalotofstuffI'dwritten. IfIfindsomeoftheArmystuffcanIsendittoyouifI find it?BEC: Sure and we can include it with your history. We have a file with each tape recording and we can put that in there.JOE: Anyway, where was I?BEC: You had retired from US Steel and USGS.JOE: The government hired me at USGS. I was in mining engineering for forty-seven years.BEC: That's a long time, isn't it?JOE: Yes. Wait a minute. It was fifty-seven years.BEC: So you retired sometime in the '80s?JOE: It was in the eighties.BEC: So, starting in 1940 and with the war in there, forty-seven years is probably right. JOE: Yes, forty-seven years.44
 JO EPH BOYD McKEAN D B 4,2004 BEC: Let me give you one of my brochures and my business card. I'll just 1 av thIf you want to mail something more in, you can. Then the brochure kind of tells you about the program.JOE: You're Becky?BEC: I'm Becky. That way, if there's anything you need to contact us about you can. Is there anything else you'd like to add before I tum the recorder off?JOE: I've got a lot of things but I can't think about them right now.BEC: Well, you've had an interesting life and had interesting war experiences. You were certainly in a lot of historic places in terms of World War II and had some... JOE: I had some experiences in my mining career too. I told my wife, when shefigured we ought to get married, she was a city girl and she wouldn't be able to live in the mines where I was. I had the first mine in the Gold Crown Mining Company in Southern California. It was in the desert out near Twenty-nine Palms. We lived out there in a twelve-foot trailer. That twelve-foot trailer, when you went through the door, there was a little table with two benches on it, then a sink and a cupboard and the bed. The bed was only five feet. I had my backside hanging out of the bed when I went to bed. At night, there'd be lots of coyotes that would come by the place. The dogs would chase them and the coyotes would chase the dogs. For a bathroom, we had a great big coffee can. We hadtousethecoffeecan. Thentherewasacliffrightthere,abouttwohundredfeet. We'djustemptythecoffeecanoverthecliff. WhileIwasthere-therewerenostores there where the mine was-they had a row oftin houses where the mine management was. Then they had a big boarding house. Then some of us guys had trailers. The guys around there would tell me about all the animals that were in the desert. I ended up45
 JOPHBOYDMcKE D MBR42-' having forty some-odd turtles. The men helped me build a big rock wall to k p th m in.I had a six-foot blow snake.BEC: Those are desert tortoises you're talking about?JOE: Yes. In fact, Lea and I packed a big one that I had to Salt Lake, to our house. Then we just left it in our house when it hibernated. When it came to life (woke up) she just put it outside. But then the neighbors called because it was in their yards eating everything.BEC: Is that right?JOE: So they took it to the Salt Lake City zoo.BEC: Is it still there, Brett?BRE: The turtle? Yes, it's still there.BEC: Boy, the conditions that you lived under there back then were sure a lot different than they would be now.JOE: Then I moved from Southern California to Northern Nevada where Jim Hanson and I leased a mine and worked that. We had a little boarding house and one house. I had the house. My wife wanted to come out there. There were no neighbors or anything. The closest neighbor was five miles away and that was a government trapper. When I had my wife there, he got his wife there. They became friends. She learned some of her cooking that way. Then another place in Nevada is where we went and moved when I'd come home. We had a stream of water about fifty feet from the back of the house. She'd take a pan out there with a pin and fill it up with fish and cook them for our dinner. Evenone of the camps I was at in eastern Wyoming when I was in the Reserves, one of the guys would go get...we were up in the mountains and there were a lot ofthese little fish.46
 JO EPHBOYDMcKEAN D MB R4,2004 They d get tubs of them. Then we'd cook them up and eat them. Th r gular Army guywho were there their butter was all gone and they wondered what had happ ned. It had all been used to cook these fish. I had a lot of experiences that way.BEC: It would be interesting if you could write down your mining experiences in additiontoyourwarexperiences. I'msurethere'salotofinterestinghistorythere. Things in the mining industry have changed so much over the years since you started back in the forties.JOE: Well before that time I worked in the mines in Dividend, Utah. [Editor's note: Dividend, now a ghost town, was afew miles southeast ofEureka, Utah.] That was the largest silver mine in the country at that time. I got a lot oftraining in that place.Ihadalotofexperiencewithlightening. InNorthernNevada,whenIgotmy wife out there-I started taking her out there one time-I picked her up in Salt Lake City. We were in a coupe. There was a big snow storm. In Nevada, they had a lot of wind and that snow would drift. I was going about seventy and went around a bend and there was a drift higher than the car. The whole car got buried. It took me two hours to get out of that thing. So I just took her back to Salt Lake then. But then when I did get her out, she one day, she took some gasoline and poured it in the fire. It ignited and it went clear across the kitchen. My guns were in the comer and it started burning the gun handles clear across the floor. She ran in the bedroom to get JoAnn out and she grabbed a blanket and went in and beat it out.BEC: Wow.JOE: But we had lots of interesting experiences in Southern California and NorthernNevada and she wrote it all out but it disappeared and I don't know where it is.47
 JO PHBOYDMcKEAN D B R4,200BEC: Boy, that's too bad.JOE: She wrote a lot of stuff like that. My whole life was different than most people. BEC: I'll say. There aren't many people who fought in the Battle ofthe Bulge and had such unique experiences. I'm glad that we could at least get this recorded. Thank you for taking the time to share your experiences with us.ENDOFSIDEBEND OF INTERVIEW48