 JAMES GARDNERPrice, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project No. 3April 25, 1982American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 JAMES GARDNERAPRIL 25, 1982Table of ContentsMohrland Mine BeginningsMining and Family Life in Huntington Purchase and Setup of Gardner Barbershop Opening of Price Barbershop .Rangework in the Gentries and Huntington Huntington Glee ClubHome Brew Experiences .Horseshoe Bend Story Huntington Co-op Mine .19 16 22 27 38435054
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH JAMES GARDNER ON APRIL 25, 1992 IN P RICE, UTAH. ALSO PRESENT ARE MR. GARDNER'S WIFE, DAUGHTER, JOYCE GARDNER WOODWARD, AND SON-IN-L A W , JACK WOODWARD. THE INTERVIEWER I S NANCY T ANIGUCHI.[MG = Mrs. Gardner; JO Joyce Gardner]NT: Mr. Gardner is reputed to be one of the first people to open the coal camp of Mohrland, That's M-0-H-R-L-A-N-D. If we begin now. Let's see. I know that Jack told me that you were originally involved with Mohrland.JG: My father was one of those involved. There were about four men involved. And it wasn't known as Mohrland Mine then. Mohrland Mine wasn't even thought of at that time. It was called the Cedar Creek Mine. And how it got the name Cedar Creek, that little creek that runs down the canyon There is lots of cedars in that area. And that's where it go the name Cedar Creek, from the little creek in the cedars that encompasses that area where the little creek ran through.NT: And so your dad and you and who else was involved?JG: No, not me. I was just about that tall.NT: About three years old, huh?JG: Yes, well when I got old enough that I, my dad put me incharge of going back and taking care of the horses. It was a wagon mine then, not a truck mine. Not a railroad mine, it was a wagon mine. And it was comparatively just in its infancy, you might say, in comparison with what it is now. But we used to drive the horses back in the mine with the wagon. We had hay in the wagon. We fed the, tied
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 the one horse on each side of the wagon and they ate. They had the wagon for a manger. And I had to go back in and give them grain, put the nosebag on them. And after they had their grain, then I'd lead them out to the water, take them back in the mine where they'd be out ofthe cold wind. As cold as the mine is, it was stillwarmer than outside, see? In the wintertime? NT: Yes.JG: And that was? Do you have the date that? It's the U.S. Fuel Company, isn't it now, that owned the Mohrland Mine?NT: Yes.JG: Do you have the date when they acquired that property? NT: Not with me, no. I have it at home.JG: You have it?NT: Yes.JG: I'd like to know that.NT: OK.JG: I'd like to have that because I don't really have it. NT: What year were you born?JG: I was born in July 1899. And I was about, oh, I think wasabout 8 years old when I would go with dad up to the mine and take care of the horses for him. And I think that transaction come about, well, I believe, around in 1909, 1908, or 1909. That would be pretty close. I don't know how long after that, it was really put in operation and2
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 2 5 , 1 9 8 2 called the Mohrland Mine. But I know up to that time, Mohrland was never seven thought of. It was strictly Cedar Creek Mine.NT: What was your father's name?JG: Albert Clifton Gardner.NT: And who else did he open up the wagon mine with?JG: Well, as I remember right, there was Aaron Howard, andUlysses Grange, and I'm not sure, but I believe, Sam Grange. Believe there was four of them involved. I was just a kid, you know, then, but as I can remember, that'sabout what it was.NT: Where did your family live then?JG: Huntington, Utah.NT: And what were they doing in Huntington?JG: Well, my dad was a farmer. Fact of the matter, my dad wasa farmer and a blacksmith and a city marshal, and what have you. He was a hard-working man and a good, honest man. But, and he was one of the men that opened up the mine.NT: Why did they decide to open it?JG: Well, because there was evidence of a coal mine therebecause the coal was on the face. Come out where it was, where it was easily noticed that there was coal in that area. So they just prospected, so to speak. And found out that there was a vein of coal there and they filed on it3
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 and when they sold out, I doubt if they got over $400 a piece.NT : Boy, that's a shame . Hang on a minute . (Break in taping) So your father surely didn't get rich mining coal, did he?JG: No, he didn't get rich mining coal and he didn't get rich when he sold his share.NT: Oh, that's too bad.JG: That's what I mean. I don't think he, I don't think theygot over $400 each one of them for their shares of... which wouldn't amount to more than $1,200... let's see, $1,600. I doubt if they got anymore than $1,600, maybe not that much, I don't know.kNT: So what did he do after he sold out the mine?JG: Well, he still had his farm and we had a home in Hunting- ton, Utah. We had a home on the farm. In the summertime, we'd move to the farm, in the wintertime, after schoolstarted, we would move to town, so that the kids could go to school, and then when school was out, we would move back to the farm in the summertime.NT: Where was your farm?JG: It about three miles northeast of Huntington.NT: OK. And does that, when you went to work in the minethen, did you come up every day from Huntington? Up to the mine? Or did you camp out?4
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JG: Oh, no. The mine didn't work during the summer months. NT: Right.JG: But in the winter months we had a cabin up to the mine.NT:JG:And as I remember, they would kind of take turns. The stockholders would kind of take turns in the winter. They would go up for a certain length of time and then another fellow and another fellow.Excuse me. Did the four men actually form a company to work the mine? Or were they just in it?No. Their world was their bond. It was as good as a bond then, you see? They understood each other and that's the way they worked. They didn't form any particular company. They just divided the assets and that's the way they operated.Did your father ever do any mining after that?Well, yes.Where did he work at?My father even worked in that mine after. In 1909, that occurred in 1908, my father was called on a mission to the eastern states. And after he got back, then, in the wintertime, he worked in the Mohrland mine some.What job did he hold up there? Was he a miner? In the mine?Yes.Well, he was a coal digger. That's what he did. He workedNT: JG: NT: JG:JG: JG: NT: JG:5
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 right in the place of the mine, in the rooms, digging coal. And in those days, they had to do their own chuting, I mean drilling. They would drill the holes and chute their coal on their own. And they were paid so much a ton. And they'd, they got so much a ton for the coalthey mined.NT: Did you ever mine coal?JG: Yes.NT: Where at?JG: Mohrland.NT: The same. Did you work with your dad or did you go up?JG: No it was after that. In fact, I think it was about 1917, 1916, 1917, that I worked in the mine with my brother. With my older brother. He lived in Mohrland and I went up there and boarded and roomed with him and we worked together mining coal. And I remember the room right next to us, there were a couple of negro fellows working there. And those guys, I can hear them now, one of them was singing, "Coon, coon, coon, the morning night and noon. Coon, coon, coon, I wish my color would fade."NT: Oh.JG: "I'd rather be a white main, instead of a coon, coon." Ican hear that guy sing that and they were happy. Theyseemed to be happy, you know NT: Yes.6
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JGW: [Joyce Gardner Woodward] Dad, you old home is still inHuntington, you know, as you go in to Huntington... NT: Yes.JGW: That restaurant there. What is it, the Homestead.NT: Yes the Homestead.JGW: The Homestead. That little log cabin there was myfather's. How long did you live in that house?JG: Well, that house, Mom had the idea that that house wasowned out on the farm, but it wasn't. It was in town. That little log cabin was in Huntington, Utah. And the fellow by the name of Guy MacArthur acquired that. And I don't know what he bought it for and what his purpose was or how it come to be moved to the location that it is now. Guy has been dead for a long time, but he still has a brother, Sherril MacArthur, living. I'm going to make an appointment to see Sherril and find out why that little cabin was moved out so that location, and pre- served.NT: Yes, it's nice that they preserved it, isn't it.JG: Y es.JGW: How many children lived in that cabin?JG: Of course, that little room didn't give a clear pictureof everything because we had a slide what-you-may-call-it and we had an addition to it, you know. And there were nine children and plus the parents. There were eleven7
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 people living in that little log cabin and the lean-to that we had built on. You wouldn't believe it, butthere's an upstairs of that little log cabin. And there was three beds up there. There was three boys in the family and six girls. There were three bedrooms up there. We had, finally, when the Huntington got the water system, we had running water, in the house. We had electricity. For a long time we had to get along with kerosene lamp. Finally, when Huntington got the electric- ity, we got electric lights and boy, that was reallysomething!NT: When your dad went on the mission, how did that changelife for you on the farm?JG: Well, that put quite a burden on my mother. And it justhappened that I took quite an interest of the livestock. I just kind of took over, taking care of the livestock. And I was only 9, 10 years old then, you see? But I remember, we had oh, we had a severe winter in 1909. Cattle would die leaning up against(sic) a board fence.It was such a hard, severe winter and hay was scarce that year. A lot of people's cattle would get so poor and malnourished that they'd just lean up against the fence and freeze right there in that position.NT: You wouldn't find them until spring, I guess? JG: Oh yes.8
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 NT: You would? You'd have to go out after them?JG: Well, I were where they'd see them, if they ran. ButNT:JG:NT:there's a lot of them dying in the fields, you know, too, They'd just freeze. They didn't have feed enough to give them warmth and strength and they'd just die.Now, in your family, are you the oldest or in the middle or what?I'm the next to the youngest.Oh. So tell me about your older brothers and sisters. How old they are, what the age difference is?JG: My mother had nine children. There was approximately 2 years between each child. Now the oldest, the oldest child was a girl. Her name was Alameda. The next one was a girl. Her name was Myrtle. The next one was a boy and his name was George. The next one was a boy and that was Farr. Next one was a girl and that was Mary. And then Ruth and then Kate and then I, James, then Clarcey, my younger sister.NT: So, while your dad was gone, did your brothers have to go mine? Or did they just stay on the farm?JG: Well, they stayed on the farm. Well, we did, we rented the farm out, come to think about it. We rented the farm out to a fellow named Andrew Anderson. And, of course, we didn't get much profit from that. And this was quite a hardship for mother to send money to Dad and keep him on9
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 his mission and maintain him. I remember we had, we sold cattle. We sold a choice horse that we didn't want to sell, him anyway to get money to send. And he was a really good horse, but we had to sell him anyway.JCW: Grandma was a midwife, did you tell her about that?JG: What?JGW: Did you tell her about Grandma being a midwife and ... ?JG:NT:JG:JO: NT:JG: NT: JG:Jo:Oh, yes. My mother earned some little money from, she was a pretty good midwife. I mean, she was quite prominent in the town and the surrounding little neighborhoods, you know.What area did she work in other than Huntington? Did she go out as far as, say, Cleveland, or over to Castle Dale? Well, no. She never did go out of town, I think. But, sometimes people would come to her home in Huntington and she would help them out.My grandma had great skill.She would help them there to have their babies in your cabin in Huntington?No.Where would they go?Oh, when that kind of midwife worked for her, that was pretty well confined to Huntington. That ...She would go into their homes and stay and take care of them.10
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982JG:NT:JG: NT:JG: Nt: JG:Yes, she would go to their homes and sometimes I wouldn't see her for days. I was just a little kid, I'd get pretty lonesome for Mom, I'll tell you.Did your sisters, then, look after you while she was gone?Y es.When you were living up with your brother at Mohrland, were both of you digging coal?Y es.When you were at Mohrland with your brother?Yes. We worked as partners. We would load one load for him and we would load a load for me. That is the way wehad to put a check on each load. There was a little place to hang a check and we'd hang that check and the check would go out to where they dump the coal.Where they weight it?Tipple. Go out to the tipple and then the fellow would weight the coal, take the ticket off, put it down, mined it and loaded it and weighed all of it. We kind of sometimes questioned the weight of those cars of coal. Come to find out, actually, we were not getting full weight on our coal.When did you find out?Well, it was sometime quite a while after we'd been working there. Some other fellows felt the same way andNT: JG:NT: JG:11
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 they kind of investigated and found out that they weren't getting all the weight that they were entitled to.NT: did you ever hear about a union when you were mining coal?JG: No, that wasn't even thought of. That was not even known then, in those days.NT: What could you do if you didn't like what was going on at the mine?JG: Well, there wasn't much that you could do, unless you quit. And we had no recourse, I mean, if we quit we were on our own. Nobody was there to say, "Now, that is a union, and we are not going to permit this." You're just strictly on your own. And, by the same token, they had the same right to fire us, too. If the company wasn't satisfied with your production why they could fire you.NT: Huh. How long did you stay at Mohrland, mining?JG: Oh, I wasn't there very long. About a year, I guess.NT: Just in the winter?JG: Y es.NT: Why did you leave?JG: Oh, I liked the outdoors and I liked to go in themountains and we had cattle in the mountains. In the summertime, I'd go up there and take care of the cattle, ride around, see how they were doing.NT: Before we leave this coal mining, how did your family 12
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 learn to mine coal? You and your brother and your dad? How did you learn how to chute it?JG: Oh, well, that was all pick and shovel then. They had no modern conveniences at all. No modern machine. That was strictly coal, pick and shovel, and you know, scoopshovel. Coal fork, we had big wide coal forks. they would use that and scoop shovels, both. And, of course, and then they had the drill. They had, they'd have a drill, you know, hand-drill. Drill a hole back in the coal and load it, pump it with powder and put a cap back in there, on the end of a fuse. And light the fuse and beat it out of the mine. And pretty quick BOOM! You can go back there and there was a bunch of coal all ready to load.NT: So who showed you how to do that?JG: Well, Dad showed me how to do it. But I guess he pickedit up on his own, more or less, to start with.NT: When you started, how did you learn about timbering? Ordidn't you have to timber? Was it all at the surface? JG: Well, in those days, they didn't, they weren't back so high and they didn't mine so high. They weren't back sofar in and they wouldn't mine the room too high. And there wasn't the danger of one coal falling in then that there is the way they mine now. The mines now are so spacious, you see, that it's a lot more vulnerable condition for the mine to cave in, the way it is now,13
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 than the way it was then. Then it was narrow and it wasn't tall.NT: Did you get any special privileges because your dad had originally opened up the mine?JG: Oh, no. Of course, when I and my brother and I was working up there, together, it was operated, it was owned then by the American Fuel.Yes. So they didn't care?NT: JG: NT: JG:NT: JG:They didn't know us from Adam.Oh, really?Yes. They didn't know that my dad had once owned the mine. Nobody had ever told them. And I don't think that would matter anyway.Probably not. Did your brother stay there after you left? Yes, he worked there for, well, I guess, a couple of years or so. That was about the only source of employ- ment, only source, monetary source there was in those days, coal digging, working in the coal mines, other thanfarming.When you had that little wagon mine, where did you sell your coal?Well, most of the people hauled their own coal. You would hear in the wintertime, before you woke up early in the morning and it was still dark, hear the wagon wheels on the snow. You know, crinkles on the snow, you know, youNT:JG:14
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 could hear them. And you could hear the wagon boxes rattle and sometimes you could hear them, even trying to beat the other guy out of town to get up to the mine first so he could get served first. They would try to make that trip in one day, see, and they would start way before daylight in the morning sometimes, and they'd get back, oh, late in the evening. But there was some coalsold, you know, to people that didn't have teams and wagons. Occasionally, they would sell a load. I think a load of coal in those days would net about $4 not over $4 a ton, delivered.NT: So you just basically provided coal for the people of Huntington, that would come up and haul it?JG: Yes. Well, of course, at Cleveland and Lawrence, they would both go up there. Both those little towns would go to that mine to get coal.NT: But after he sold out to the big company, do you know where it went? Was it still going into Huntington? Did people keep coming up with the wagons?JG: Oh, no. Well, from there now it was shipped out. Coal was railroaded in coal cars. They were all shipped out then. Well, of course, they did have accommodations where the teams and wagons could come there and get loaded from the tipple. They did that for quite a long time. I don't know how long, but quite a long time. These fellows that were15
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 hauling coal, would go up there and they'd accommodate them by loading coal in wagon, from the tipple. They had a dump on the tipple where they could just dump rightinto the wagon.NT: Before you had the tipple, when you had the wagon mine,did you sort the coal into the sizes? Or did they sortit, or did you just give them a load?JG: No, it wasn't, it just loaded as it come. If a chunk ofcoal come down too big to load on the wagon, they'd have to pick it to pieces, they'd have to pick it apart so that they could load it. But as long as they could load it on the wagon, that was all right.NT: I see.JG: They didn't segregate the size of the coal at all. It wasall mine-run, so to speak.NT: So after you left the mine, you went up with the cattle,right?JG: Well, yes, I [sic] went on the farm, looked at thecattle. When I become twenty-one in 1922, I bought a, with my dad's help, borrowed the money and bought a two- chair barbershop chair two pool tables and confections. At that time, there wasn't a shop in Huntington, with running hot and cold water. I hired a fellow to come in and put in some water works and a hot-water tank. I owned and operated the first running hot and cold water in the16
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 barbershop at Huntington.NT: That's great. What was the name of your shop?JG: Gardner Barbershop.NT: Where was it?JG: It was right on Main Street and it was in a bank build-ing, a previous bank building. It had been used as a bank. George Miller, owned the bank. And then he moved to Price and the bank was vacated and another fellow by the name of Johnson, what was his name? Rulon Johnson started a barbershop there. And then I bought this one. From then on, I stayed there for, oh, not over a year. Then I went to Salt Lake and worked for a while and then come back down to Price. And I worked here with other barbers herein Price for a while. I finally acquired a shop of my own. I was working for a fellow by the name of Leo Laury. In 1936, he died, in the summer of 1936. I bought the shape from his son, then. I operated that shop until the spring of 1965, and then I retired.NT: How did you learn to cut hair? Back in 1922?JG: I hired a barber from Price, by the name of Dev Miller.He was quite a well-liked barber and quite respected. He had quite a reputation of being a good barber. I hired him to come over and work with me. And I paid all his expenses and gave him all he took in, to teach me the barber business. If I had it to do over again, I'd do the17
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 same thing. I sure would do the same thing.END OF SIDE ONEJW: [Jack Woodward] What's his name? NT: Matt Warner?JG: Matt Warner.NT: Did you cut Matt W arner's hair?JG: I sure did. And shaved him, many times.NT: What was he like?JG: Well, he was quite a rugged old fellow. He'd served timein the state prison. Well, he was a famous outlaw, is what he was, as you probably know. I shaved him one day. I think he kind of liked to have me shave him. I kind ofliked to shave him, too. But, I just kind of like to shave. I got so I was pretty handy with a razor. Tough beards didn't mean anything to me. I thought if the other guy could shave them, I could too. And I did. Well, anyway, I was shaving Matt one day and all of a sudden he raised right up in the chair and started to laugh. And I had to be pretty quick on the trigger to get the razor of his face, him razing up that way, you know. I could have cut him all to pieces. He told me what he was laughing about. He said he was up in Wyoming and he robbed a bank, made a pretty good haul. And he had a good saddle horse. He'd ridden that saddle horse all day long, and come evening the horse was completely give out. And he was18
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 riding down a little land and so a farmer would come out, just finished his day's work and he came out and while he was shutting the gate and fastening it, Matt drove up and says, "Do you want to sell that horse?" He had a fine- looking saddle here. And Matt says, "Do you want to sell that horse?" And he says, "No, I don't want to sell him."Nt: JG:NT: JG: NT: JG:NT:"Well, I'11 give you a hundred and fifty dollars for him." And in those days, "$50 was a good price for a saddle horse. And this fellow says, "Oh, OK," he says, "I'll take $150 for him." And Matt says, "How is he gaited? Does he have a good gait." "Yeah, he's well- gaited." "Do you mind if I try him up the road away?""No, go ahead." And so he says he changed saddles and bridles and got on his horse. And he says, "I rode him up the road away and I just kept on riding."Oh, no!That's what he was laughing about. He got a big joke on this fellow. Left this fellow standing there, holding his old, give-out horse.When was Matt your customer?Oh, that was about 1930, I think.By then, he'd already served his time, right?Oh, yes. Oh, he'd been out a long time. At that time, he was city marshal.Yes, of here.19
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 2 5 , 1 9 8 2 JG: Y es.NT: Now, tell me again. You had your shop in Huntington fora year, right? JG: Y es.NT: And then you went to Salt Lake? JG: Y es.NT: What did you do in Salt Lake? JG: I barbered.NT: Yes. Where did you work there?JG: Just for a little more experience. Well, I barbered intwo or three different locations up there. NT: Yes.JG: One, the first one just north of Eagle Gate. A little barbershop there and a fellow by the name of Baker owned the barbershop. And I worked there for awhile. And then I moved down 33rd South, just beyond 33rd South, and worked for a fellow by the name of Carter the barber. From then from there I came down to Price and worked down here in Price for oh, I guess about 4 years before I got my own barbershop.NT: When you got your own shop, was that back in Huntington? JG: No.NT: In Price?JG: That was in Price. I'll never forget it, when I went upto take my examination, barbers' examination, we had to 20
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 do, we had to fill out a questionnaire, you know, written questionnaire. And then after that, we had to do manipu- lative work. Cut hair, shave, or what have you. And then after that we had to line up and go in and take physical. We were all lined in a single line and the fellow rightNT: JG:NT: JG:NT: JG: NT: JG:in head of me, turned around and says, "How many times you've been up here?" And I says, "Once. " And I let it go at that. And then I got to thinking, "I wondered what he asked me that for?" So I just tapped him on the shoulder and I says, "How many times have you been up here?" "Seven times," he says, "and if they don't pass me this time, they can go to hell." (Laughter)Why did they give you a physical?Well, that's very necessary. A barber should be in good health, you know, where he meets the public all the time. Where you're serving the public, you've got to be in good health.What year did you get your licenses?Oh, well, I got a license right away after an appren- ticeship license. I had a Utah Barbers' license from 1922 to 1960--1980.That's quite a while!From 1924 to 1980.When did you get, when did you go for this exam?Well, when I came back from Salt Lake and started to work21
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 in Price, I worked for a fellow by the name of Charlie Atwood. And I think that was one thing... Charlie had a shop that was pretty prominent. I mean it was, kind of well, considered the best shop in Price. I think that that is one thing that had a bearing on my getting my license the first time out. Of course, I filled out the exam right, I think, and demonstrated the haircut and, all in all, I got my license the first time I went out. So when did you open your shop here in Price?NT: JG: NT: JG: NT:JG:Nineteen sixty-four, I mean 1960 ... 1936.There we go!September, 1936.Wasn't that a rough time to be opening a business, though?Well, no, it was no rougher. Of course, a barbershop business was pretty well in par with everything else. It was kind of a rough time. It was kind of a depression time. And haircuts, 50 cents shaves, 25 cents. So you see, you didn't get rich, but you made a living, because a quart of milk was a dime.Oh, my goodness. How long did you work for Charlie Atwood?Oh, I think I worked for him, I guess, about a year. Then you opened your own shop after that?No, I went to work for this Leo Laury. And I worked for 22NT:JG: NT: JG:
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 2 5 , 1 9 8 2 him for, I guess I worked for him for about four years befor e ... and then he died and then I bought the shop . Then I owned and operated the shop.NT: Y es. Where was your barbershop?JG: It was a three-chair shop and to begin with, it wasacross the street on the. . . Do you know where WaltDonaldson's insurance office is? NT: Yes.JG: Well, that's where I bought the shop. But before that, this same shop was right across the street from it. But in early in 1936, Leo moved his shop over to this location. That is where I had the shop all those years.NT: Huh. Until you closed it, that's where you had it? JG: Y es.NT: You never moved it?JG: Y es.NT: That's neat.JO: Tell her about your home, Dad. Where did you bring yourhome from? Where did you get your home, your house?NT: Now, you lived here in Price, right? But your house camefrom someplace else, I take it?JG: It come from Mohrland.NT: Oh, really?JG: And an old mine house. We hauled it down, a fellow by thename of--23
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 MG: Harris? Wasn't it Harris, dear?JG: Harris. Cal, not Cal. What was his name?MG: Lives in Helper, I don't know-- He was--JG: Milly lived in Price.MG: It [sic] was the time they were cleaning out the minehouses and there was so many of them came in from the area. We were pretty glad to get it. Paid a hundred dollars for it up there. Two hundred and something to have i t moved.NT: When Mr. Harris moved the house, did he move it whole or did you have to move it in sections?JG: No. He moved it whole.NT: How?JG: But I think well, I'll tell you what. First, I think itwas a fellow from Wellington by the name of-- MG: Wells...JG: No. The bee man, the fellow that has bees down there. MG: That was Wells.JG: No.MG: The one that lived down in South Price?JG: Yes. I got his name on my tongue.MG: Well, it doesn't matter.JGG: Turn if off a minute, now. [break in taping]NT: Now, you dickered with Wayne LaDell?JG: I dickered with Wayne LaDell to haul the house down. He24
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 finally conceded that he didn't have the equipment necessary to move that building. He went up and looked it over and he tried, but he decided that he couldn't. Then I got a fellow by the name of Harris to move it down. He moved a lot of houses down from [there] and he was equipped to move them.NT: What did he have? A big tractor or truck or wagon?JG: Oh, a big truck. A big, well it was a truck with a--MG: Wide bed on it.JG: --Trailer. That house stands right now on 745 no, 705East. NT: 105?MG: No, dear.JG: 105 East, 7th North.NT: Just over here. [break in taping] Why did you bring yourhouse down from Mohrland?JG: Well, that was about the best bet then that. We broughtNT: JG:NT: JG: NT:it down and remodeled it. It just became a perpetual thing for us to remodel that thing, for years.I bet.But finally we got it so that we thought it was a pretty nice building. And it was.When did you bring it down originally? 1929.Is that when they closed the camp up there?25
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JG: Yes well, that was about ...MG: No, dear you're wrong on that. We were married in 1930.And we...NT: Must have been 1939.JG: Yes, 1939.NT: Where were you living before you got the house fromMohrland?JG: Oh, we were just renting here in Price.NT: Oh.MG: We lived in one house there on the same block...NT: Huh.MG: For six years and then they sold it. We already had thelot and had the house on it so we just kind of camped inanother little house until we could get into that one. NT: That's a good idea. Did you ever go back to farming?JG: No.NT: Never did?JG: Not after I started to barber. In fact, one of mybrothers said to my dad, "Jim will never say that I was too confining." Because I had been out in the range, you know. He just didn't think I could take that, but I did. I was determined that I was going to make a go of it and I stayed with it and I liked it.NT: That's good.JG: I might say I enjoyed every minute of my experience as a26
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 barber. Now I'll have to qualify the old expression "You can't please them all." Once in a while, I would get a customer that you didn't please, and then that was no pleasure.NT: Yes. What did you do when you were out on the range?JG: Well, I just camped out and rode the range and looked at the cattle. And that's quite a big range up there inGentry Mountain. That takes in quite a lot of territory. NT: Yes.JG: Once those cattle get on the mountain, they might be anywhere. They just pick out a place they want to go. Where they want to range. Generally, after they range in one district one year, they'll almost invariably go back to the same range the next year. That same location.NT: So you took them on the Gentries during the summer?JG: We'd take them up on what they call "Trail Canyon." Up Huntington Canyon and when you got to Trail Canyon, you know, there's a coal mine there now. There was no coal mine there then. It was just a trail up this narrowcanyon. And that's how it got its name, Trail Canyon,because it was just a trail that went up it.NT: Is it on the right or the left as you go to Huntington? JG: Right.NT: OK.JG: You go north. That was about one of my fist assignments27
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 was to take those cattle up in the spring. Dad would help me out of town with them and then from there on, I'd haul all of them. That was quite an experience, too. SometimesNT: JG:NT:JG: NT:JG:the river was quite high and when I come to where I finally had to cross the river to get on the road that went up Huntington Canyon, sometimes that was kind of a problem getting those cattle across the high water.How many head did you normally drive up?We had a permit for about 35 head. In those days they had the 35. We had the cattle plus the cattle we had on the ranch. It was a pretty good income.So how many would you have altogether, including the cattle on the ranch?Oh, probably 45 head.Where did you run them in the winter? Or did you sellthem?Oh, we wintered them on... on the farm in the wintertime. Fed them straw and hay and lucerne seed chaff... In those there was a quite a lot of alfalfa seed growing. And the chaff from the alfalfa seed made pretty good, pretty good feed for the cattle. And you could get that for pretty reasonable. Mix that with a little straw and your cattle would come through in pretty good shape.Where did you get your lucerne seed from? Was it out at the Huntington flour mill?NT:28
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JG: Oh, no. The lucerne seed, that was a commercial, that was a commercial seed that they used. That was to grow new alfalfa, see? They would probably ship it out, somefellows would contract so many hundred pounds of alfalfa seed and then they'd ship it out to seed companies and what not. And that was a quite a, that was a pretty good paying seed crop.MG: Well, they grow the alfalfa there and then in the Hun- tington area.JG: Oh, yes, sure. Instead of cutting their alfalfa for hay, they would let it grow for seeds, see. Sometimes they would cut the first cutting kind of early and then they would still have time to grow lucerne seed after that.NT: When you did sell your cattle, where did you sell it? JG: Oh, the [to] local fellows that used to peddle. Used to be quite a few peddlers go up to the mining camps, you know. We could sell cattle to them. They had to slaughter two galluses. They got them at the slaughter yards at Huntington and there was quite a lot of cattle slaugh- tered. They didn't have the modern convenience then totake care of cattle that they do now when they slaughterthem. That's a far cry from what it used to be. NT: What's a galas? You said they had two galluses. JG: Well, a galas is where they'd string them up. NT: Oh.29
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JB: Or they'd hang them up to skin them and clean them out and take care of them. That's what they called the men,galas.NT: When you were up running the cattle up on the Gentries,did you ever have any trouble with outlaws or rustlers? JB: No. But that's not saying that it wasn't done. Because there was a fellow by the name of Skinner from Mount Pleasant. He would come up there on the mountain one summer and got a whole bunch of horses and took them off the range and disposed of them. And I don't know whateverNT: JG:become of him, whatever, whether he ever served time for that or not. But that wasn't the usual thing. In those days the farmers had everything in common and they looked to each other's interests, more or less. That was a good gesture, you know, a good gesture among the farmers to work to each other's interest. That was a common prac- tice, to help each other. Kind of look after each other's interest, you know.Did you find yourself rounding up other peoples' cattle? In the fall of the year we had a general roundup. And all the cattlemen that grew up, we camped in big camps together. Then we'd go out in different areas and gather the cattle and then drive them down the canyon. When we drove them all down the canyon we had a big flat place where we would put those cattle and we would just ride30
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 around them and keep them in this circle and then one man would go in and gather his cattle. Sometimes several would go in there and pick out their cattle. Move them out too. I [sic] did that a lot. I used to go in there and pick out, I could see my brand and go in there and get that cattle, that critter out. And that was quite a bit of fun to me, for just a young fellow.JO: You were quite a cowboy, weren't you, Dad? You liked the rodeos? You were a good rodeo cowboy.JG: Yes. It got so I liked to ride in rodeos. There are two things that I liked to do when I was a young fellow. One of them was riding a bucking horse and the other one was to dance.NT: Where did you go when you rodeoed?JG: Well, they had, in, on the Fourth of July, and 24th andLabor Day. They would always have a celebration there in Huntington, you know. I remember the committee. They would have a Fourth of July committee, you know, to make up the program for the day. I remember one fellow came to me and wanted me to do the riding. Then that night as I went out to milk the cow, I got thinking about riding those horses and I got through milking and I got up andI walked away like I just got off a bucking horse. My nerves, you know, I just felt stiff like I just got off a bucking horse.31
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 NT: How old were you when you were running cattle androdeoing and all of that?JG: Oh, I was about 18, 19. I had a friend that had a prettyfancy horse, bay horse. And everybody in the valley, everybody around Huntington, kind of took a liking to that horse. And this fellow and I were quite friends. His name was Gordon, Cleve Gordon. And we got so we were just all at once inseparable. We were riding the range one day and we rode up to a bunch of horses and there was a two- year old colt, still with his mother. And oh, he was a beautiful colt! And I said to this fellow, that he (the horse) looked a lot like the horse he was riding. I said, "I'm going to own that horse." I knew who he belonged to. He belonged to a fellow by the name of Lee Harde. So I went to Lee and propositioned him and no, he didn't want to sell him. He wasn't interested in selling him at all. And that same summer, on Labor Day, Lee brought that horse off the mountain and let two fellows ride him in the rodeo. That was before I really got into the rodeo business. These two fellows rode that horse and he madea pretty good showing. And then from then on, when Lee went to break the horse, he couldn't handle him. It was too much for him. Then he conceded to trade him to me. I had a little black saddle mare and he said, "I'll trade you this horse for this black mare." And I said, "OK."32
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 That year I was running my dad's farm. My dad was working in the coal mine. Well, I didn't have time to monkey with that horse then, it was early in the spring and I was putting in the crop. I put the horse where I could take good care of him. I gave him a little grain every day and plenty of feed and by the time I got around to breakinghim, he was in pretty good shape. I had a cousin that was farming adjacent right across the road from my, where I was farming. So we used to ride out together, we'd both lived in town. And we'd ride out together in the morning and do our day's work, and then ride back at night. So when I finally got around to it, I had this fellow come up and snug this horse for me. I was going to brake him. Well, he wanted to buck, all right. But with this fellow snugging him, I got along all right. I didn't want him to buck. I didn't, I wanted to break him without any more bucking. And so this went on for about a week. He'd snug this horse for me, both going and coming. And of course,I had to get off to open the door or the gates when we left the farm. And I opened the gate when we got home. Every time I'd go to get off or to get on, that horse would want to buck. It went on for about a week and finally it got to be kind of monotonous. And I thought, the night when we got home, I went to get off and the horse wanted to buck. So I just sat right back in the33
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 saddle. I don't know why he'd get excited about that, but I sat back in the saddle, I said, "Give me the rope." He gave me the rope and we went for a ride. That horse knew how to do it, I'll tell you.NT: What does it mean when you say you say you "snub" a horse?JG: Well, we have a hackamore on him. And we, the other fellow snubbed him up close to the harness of his saddle, see, so that he didn't have any room to buck. He couldn't get his head up any higher than that, you see? But this horse wouldn't give up. He just stayed with it.NT: But you finally broke him of it, huh?JC: Well, that night when I got through riding him, I foundout I could ride him. The next morning I attempted it on my own. And I got along fine. That was, it was kind of cool in the morning and my feet were a little cool. I had ridden about four blocks and by that time my feet were a little cool. When I shook them a little like that, and they'd rattle the spurs and, boy, he just got, went down with his head and bellered! You could hear him bellering across the earth. But, I rode him when we got through.Fact of the matter, I wouldn't let him give up until he was through and that. That day this fellow came up to me, this was the Fourth of July, morning of the fourth of July. I went out early to take care of water and get back34
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 so I could be in the parade. A fellow came up to me that day, and he says, "Was that you on that horse this morning?" And I says, "Yes. " He says, "You woke me up. " He says, "I never saw a better bucking horse, a bucking, bucking in this public space than that." And that man never lies. I've had quite a couple fights. This buddy of mine was working in the brickyard, I knew where he was working and I rode around there. I was going through townand I rode around that way and sat there and talked to him a while. And I didn't tell him I was going to do, and when we separated, I just let this horse know I wanted him to be bucking. And he bucked. And he looked up to me and "Boy," he says, "I didn't think you had it in you."NT: After all that excitement, how did you decide to become a barber?JG: Well, I wanted something. I couldn't see too much of a future in farming. And I wanted something that was going somewhere [sic] . For a fellow could kind of dress up a little [static in tape] . So I decided to want to be a barber. And when I decided, I stayed with it.NT: That's good. Let's see. Did you ever play any sports when you were growing up? Or were you just too busy working? JG: Well, I was pretty busy working, I'll tell you. After school was out, I had assignments doing chores, you know.On Saturday, I was either working around the yard or out 35
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 2 5 , 1 9 8 2 on the farm or what have you. So I didn't have much leisure time. I didn't, I had work to do all the time.MG: Excuse me, dear. You said you liked to do two things, ride a bucking horse and dance. He renewed a friendship down in Mesa, I recognized him in the temple, and after they met, after they'd recognized the tenor, she said,"I've danced a hundred miles." JG: Y es.NT: Did you have a lot of socials down there in Huntington where you could dance?JG: Oh, yes. They had, we had a dance once a week. I could hardly wait from one dance to the other. It was just about depend. It would once a week. Either Friday or Saturday night.NT: Who would have them? Your friends or the church?JG: No, they had an orchestra, kind of. That was quite a bit better than ---?--- see? And of course differentorganizations in the town would sponsor a dance, you know. It got to be quite a regular thing. We would just about depend on a dance once a week.NT: What was your orchestra like?JG: Oh, it was a good orchestra. They had trombone andclarinet and violins. And, oh, they had a pretty goodorchestra.NT: What kind of music did they play?36
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982JG:You know, they played modern music, which in those days, it meant something. I mean modern music nowadays, that was-- It had a moral to it. And it wasn't like this rock stuff now. I remember the first thing in another fellow--END OF T APE************I'm sorry, you're talking about Bub Burgess and his son played the organ? Right?NT:JG: Right. Bub Burgess played, he was an old violinist. And his son played the organ. And his son would play the organ and his dad was the accompanist and that was the whole orchestra. That was the whole thing. And boy, that was in the days when they played the waltzes and two- steps and shoddish and all that kind of stuff, you know. But they don't do them nowadays. But the dancers were more wholesome, then, by far, than they are now.NT:JG: JO: NT: JG:NT:When you came to Salt Lake, did you have to give up dancing?Oh, no. I went to a dance up there pretty regular. Yes. My dad had a beautiful singing voice. He sang a lot. You sang, too? Did you sing?Oh, yes. There used to be a group of us. They called them the Huntington Glee Club.I've heard it. There's still some people around there who every once in a while get together.37
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982JG: Yes. I was one of the original ones of the Huntington Glee Club.JO: He was seven necklaces.NT: Oh, my goodness! When did you start singing in that? Whendid you form it? JG: Oh, about 1917.NT: Uh huh. Why did you decide to get together?JG: Oh, I don't know, just a bunch of us, we would always meet downtown at night, you know, and we would get to singing. And finally, one fellow, this Rulon Johnson. I bought the shop from him. His nickname was Shine, ShineJohnson. He got the idea of forming a glee club. Well, there was a lot of-- Oh, shucks, turn it off a minute [break in taping] . This fellow by the name of Johnson, he got the idea of forming a glee club. He went around to each one of us, individually, and got our consent and set up a time for the first practice. From there on, when we finally formed this glee club and had a little practice, then we started to perform in public, you know. A fellow by the name of Johnson, he was a relative of Shine's, and I can't recall his first name but his name was Johnson,he directed. He was a schoolteacher. He took quite an interest in this thing, so we had a good director. We got so we were singing quite often, you know, for enter- tainment.38
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 NT: Well, when you started it up, you said, around 1917, did you have any songs that you sang out of Word War I? Howdid the first World War affect you down in Huntington? JG: Well, the first World War affected me in this manner: I was to be drafted in the next draft that was to be, thatNT:JG: NT: JG: NT: JG:was to take place. And the flue epidemic broke out. And that postponed this draft. And by the time the flu epidemic kind of petered out, why, the war was over. Which I was pretty glad about.I bet. Did you have a lot of problems with the flu down there in Huntington?Oh, you bet. Yes, we did.Was anybody in your family affected?When she gets through, I'll give you some... OK, let me shut it off. [break in taping]I had a cousin by the name of June. Oh, gosh, now I can't recall his last name. But anyway, he lived in Mohrland. And he died with the flue. And that time we had a house on the farm and house in town. And they wouldn't permit them to take this carcass in town.Corpse, dear, not carcass. Corpse.Corpse, I meant. Sure, corpse. (Laughter) They wouldn't permit the corpse to go in town because of the precaution of this terrible flue epidemic. So they got bad informa- tion to take them to the house on the farm. Of course, aMG: JG:39
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 few of us young fellows went out there to take care of it, you know, overnight. And in the bedroom, we had, he was in the living room and we were sitting out in the kitchen. And in the bedroom, Dad had put some ears of corn he was saving for seed, he put it up over the door sill. We were sitting there in the kitchen talking and playing cards or something and all at once, one of those ears of corn dropped off of there in, where this corpse was. Boy! This about scared us all to pieces.NT: You wondered about your cousin, huh?JG: We was wondering what was happening in there. I'll tellyou, that corn rolled along that floor. When it hit, madequite a thud and then rolled along the floor.MG: Was there a back door?JG: We didn't try the door if it was there. Well, that'sabout all I can think of, I guess.NT: Well, thanks so much. I know you have to leave to go backto Orem. There are a lot of other questions I could ask,but I don't want to keep you all night.MG: Well, listen. If you want to write out questions, we'vegot a tape recorder and he would talk to them if there'something more that you think of. NT: OK.JG: Well, I could tell another little experience, I don't believe I have.40
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 NT: Would you please?JG: I don't believe I've ever told this, but...NT: Well, tell it.JG: After I bought the shop, or, before.NT: The first one? Which shop?JG: The one in Huntington. Before I bought that, as I said,we had quite a group there in Huntington. Good fellows, but, we got so we liked to monkey with tobacco, you know, a little. So, when I bought the shop, I was tampering with some, but all the while I was doing it, I knew in my mind, that I didn't want to become a habitual smoker. I knew that. So when I bought the shop, I kind of was monkeying with cigarettes a little. And Dad was city marshal at that time, but I'd never let Dad see me smoke. And I rationalized this way: I had too much respect for my dad to let him see me smoke. One day I was sittingthere in the shop and I got thinking about that thing kind of seriously, you know. And I thought, it is because I had respect for him that I don't smoke before him, or is because I'm a hypocrite? So I thought, well, I can't feel that Dad is so naive that he don't know that I'm smoking, and I was just being a hypocrite. So I quit smoking.NT: That's good. You must have really actually had a lot of respect for your dad to do that, don't you think?41
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 MG: Had a good dad.NT: Sounds like it.JO: Dad, weren't you and Grandpa some of the initial onesthat worked on that big horseshoe bin that used to be between here and Price? You know where they would take hay to before they straightened out the road there, used to be a big horseshoe bin?NT: Yes.JWG: Do you remember that?NT: Yes. Did you and your dad work together out there?JG: Yes. I want to finish this story then.NT: OK.JG: Well, anyway, I quit smoking, I probably didn't quit justlike that, but I tapered it off so I knew that it wasn'tgetting the best of me.NT: Would the city marshal have arrested you for smoking? JG: Oh, no. He wouldn't arrest anybody for smoking. Well, Ithink Dad had quite a bit of respect for me, and I did him. But here's another story. I had an uncle that was making beer, home brew. And he used to come in the shop and tell me what a fine batch of home brew he just took off. Well, you know, he got my curiosity roused. I could imagine, I wanted [some]. Finally, I got to the point where I wanted to sample that. He was bragging about it, you know. So one day, it was a hot summer day, and he42
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 invited me over to have a glass of beer and that was lunch. So I thought that would be pretty keen. I went over with him and I couldn't hardly wait for that beer and lunch to come on. Finally, his wife got it ready and they set up the table. In those days they used to have swill barrels, you know. And that would put feed for their pigs in these swill barrels and it would ferment and ferment, you know, oh, it was terrible! But the pigsliked it. Well, I took that glass of beer and took a taste of it. I could just have well dipped my cup down in the swill barrel. It would taste just the same! (Laugh- ter) I thought, "Boy! It will be a hot day, hotter day than this if we ever gets me over here again, I mean it." Well, anyway, I went thorough it and I couldn't offend him. I went through it and on the way back, I couldn't hardly hit the sidewalk. And again, I thought, "Boy, it will be a hotter day than this if he ever gets me over here again." Well, I went back to the shop and I went on for about a week and finally he asked me over again. And I thought, "Oh, brother! How am I going get out of this one? I didn't want to offend him. And I thought, "Well,I guess I could go through it again." So I did. But to make a long story short, it wasn't too long after that, if he didn't ask me over, I invited myself over. It kind of grew on me. And then, all the time I knew that I43
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 didn't want to become a habitual user of that, too. So I tapered that off considerable. And then I finally got married. Well, before we were married I still liked beer pretty well. We were out riding with another couple one night. And this fellow says, "Let's stop here and go inand have a glass of beer." Well, the girl that was with him, says, "OK, " and she went with him. And Mauline said, "I don't think I'd care to go in. " And I thought, "I sure don't care to leave you sitting here alone." So I didn'tgo in. And then after we're married, she was, when she got in the family-way, she was pretty sick. The doctor prescribed home brew.NT: Oh, my gosh!JG: So I went to the trouble to go get a big jug, or a bigcrock and make a batch of home brew. I'd found out from my uncle how to make home brew. So I made a batch and she drank a little of it, and guess who drank most of it? (Laughter) And I could see the handwriting on the wall. I could see it wasn't doing her any good or me neither, and that ended the home brew business.NT: Did the home brew actually do you any good when you were sick?MG: No, I had a terrible pregnancies. Both pregnancies were just terrible and there was no hospital, there was noth- ing. This Dr. Estucki, that come and he brought ---?--44
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 2 5 , 1 9 8 2 [not audible]NT: Oh, big help!MG: Yes, I thought well, no, with Doris, I got a little moreNT: MG:help because we did have a nurse come to the house and give me intravenous feedings. But I had nine months, both times, with complete nausea. Joyce knows what it is.I can understand why.Well, there was a hospital here, but it was just for min- ers. There was nothing, you know.NT: You mean in Price?MG: Yes. Both my babies were born at home.NT: Yes. So you must have gotten awful thin?MG: I think I weighted about 90 pounds. I weighted about ahundred when I started and then I lost weight. But the babies were perfect. Just like the doc said, the babies, you know, they will take their ... You're the ones ...NT: Yes.MG: That [inaudible]NT: But the home brew didn't do it?MG: No, there was just nothing then with my own...JG: Well, he did it for, more or less, an appetizers, Isuppose.MG: Well, I couldn't. I was just getting skin and bones. Icouldn't keep anything down. It was a bad time. NT: Yes, sure.45
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JG: Well, I was, I was willing to do most anything, you know, for her sake. I thought, well, fine, if the doctorprescribed it, I'll make a batch for her.JW: I think there were a lot of vitamins and a lot of otherthings in that home brew.MG: Well, yes, the hops and that. There was a point in havingit. I couldn't keep anything down.JG: Well, he had a [sic] point in prescribing it.MG: The next time I got pregnant, with Joyce, I was talkingto my nurse, and I said "Is the doctor in?" And after she was born, he said, "Now listen. If you ever get pregnant again, don't call me." He said, "I'll leave town!" They used to call his office. Then they'd call our house. He was marvelous. But he did get a trained nurse and she would come and give me the intravenous feedings. Things had progressed a little bit then, you know.NT: So you just decided you weren't going to get pregnant again, were you? Just never have?MG: Well, I had other problems and oh, by the time I decided I could, I couldn't do it.JW: My grandfather used to make home brew in the coal mining camp of Royal. Roland, is what it was called. It was called Bear Canyon before that. Called Roland. And he used to put me on his knee when I was 2 years old, I can just barely, barely remember it. But it had to be that46
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 long ago because I couldn't remember his otherwise. Feeding me a little bit of that home brew that he used to make down in the cellar in our home in Royal.NT: Yes. What was your grandpa's name?JO: James Prescott.JW: Yes, James Prescott. He was one of the ones that comeover from England to coal mine coal in the Carbon County. JG: I remember that fellow's name now. Everett Johnson.NT: Led the Glee Club?JG: Y es.MG: Thing about that Glee Club, it has come down, I've beenthere, are they still organized?JW: Yes. They sing at just about...NT: Yes, they sing.JG: Well, I don't think it's everybody, completely.MG: Disbanded.JG: Disbanded.JO: Dad, isn't there still a couple of members in the GleeClub that sang with you?JG: Aaron MacArthur did.JO: Aaron MacArthur and one of the big Beat(?) boys?MG: Murray Carson ...JO: Was the voice of God in the Ten Commandments. Who was it? MG: That was DeLoyd Jukes, but I don't he...NT: DeLoss .47
 JAMES GARDNERAPRIL 25, 1982JG: No, DeLoss.NT: DeLoss Jukes, didn't he sing with you? JG: No.JO: And he just...JG: No.JW: Then, that's one or two that were...JO: Oh, I know. I can see him. And I know he sang with youJW: JG:JO: NT: JG: MG:NT: JG:JO:JG:when you were in it.Original ones that are still in it.I don't know of any other, I don't know of any other original members other than Aaron MacArthur and I.No, there's one other one.How many of you were there in the original group?Oh, I think about a dozen, to start with.His brother had nine boys. And if it had been in the time of television and shows, they had beautiful voices. There are some of them still singing.That's nice!I have a nephew now, living in Orangeville in fact, two nephews living in Orangeville, that sing for the Hunting- ton Glee Club. Mann Gardner.Dee sings and Burke sings and you've got seven of them,I counted seven of them there (cousins that sing) . That's right. I've forgotten them. Well, I'm singing in the Glee Club.48
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 2 5 , 1 9 8 2 NT: Do any of the girls in your family sing? Or was it justsomething the boys did?MG: No, they all had good voices.NT: Did they?MG: Yes. It's a Gardner gift in Mesa, Arizona. Some of thebest talent in that valley are from the Gardner family.Do you know the song, "If I were an Angel"? NT: Yes.MG: Well, her grandfather, and James' grandfather are the same. And they gave a full evening's program in one of the churches down to... And they didn't use anything but her music. And her family did it. She wrote "If I were an Angel" and "Mary's Lullaby" and, oh, many other songs that you would recognize. She has her own publishing firm. There are two of them down there. One family had their own publishing houses and ... It's very, very, well, just talent. Just music. He was a cousin that we visit and I say, "If they started playing at six in the morning, they could still be playing at six at night, and they wouldn't have to have a note in front of them. And they could just play all day."NT: That's marvelous.JO: LaMond sings in that group? JG: Y es.JO: LaMond and Sharon , I mean ...49
 JAMES GARDNERAPRIL 25, 1982JG: JO: JG: MG: JG: MG:JG: JO:NT: JG:Y es.Burke and Dee and- - -?--- othersand LaMond and ...and ...---?--- NicknamingSwen?Huh?Was his name Swen? That's a nickname. Y es.Huh. You have one little short story about horseshoe bend then ...Tell me about that.Oh no, that was, it was Elwood Leonard and Cleve Gordon and I and Vaughn Gordon, there were four of us young bucks working on that. And Cleve's dad and my uncle, Jim McKee, was... in those days they didn't modern equipment to built roads and using pick and shovel mostly. And we did have a grader, too. But anyway, I remember we was working at quite a narrow cut, we were making quite a narrow cut on the bend. And the mail truck come throughfrom Price, going to Huntington. There was just barely room for that truck. Jim McKee was trying to righten it out a little and this truck come around and I says, "Look out, Jim! Look out!" And he scrambled up, stuck his fingers in that dirt and scrambled up the bank and just as the truck went down, he slit down. This truck just missed him.50
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 NT: When was it you were working on that? What year?JG: Oh, that was-- I've forgotten.NT: How old were you?MG: That was before we was married.JG: I imagine I was bout 16 years old or, yes, 17. Yes. Itmust have been about 1917.NT: Do you remember the old Star Mill Route that used to comethrough Huntington, Castle Dale, that area? Before theyhad the truck from Price? Because I don't know when... JG: Saw Mill?NT: Star, the Star Route.JG: Oh, the Star Route. Oh, yes. Well, that's, that was theStar Route then.NT: Oh, with the truck, too?JG: Y es.NT: I see. Because they used to have horses come throughthere.JG: Yes. those horses would come, when they'd get to Hunting-ton, there tails would just be one solid mud. Pack of mud. Right from their backbone right to the tip and it was. The road was so muddy and sloppy, you know. They would have, sometimes, four head of horses on this. All the horses would be the same. Just covered with mud.NT: At that time, when you had the horses, did the mail come down from Price?51
 JAMES GARDNERAPRIL 25, 1982JG: Come from Price.NT: It did?JG: Y es.NT: Hard on the animals, wasn't it?JG: Y es.NT: Well, I thank you very much for your time. [Break intaping]JG: Any conception of is what that canyon was, what that minewas originally called. NT: That's true.JG: So far as they know, it's always been called Mohrland Mine. And it was Cedar Creek Mine for years.NT: I'll be sure to get that straight, too, on your record. JO: Wasn't there a flood that came down there, through there? Wasn't there a flood that came down through there andabout washed everything in?JG: Well, that Cedar Creek eventually runs into Green River.I don't know, there may be other channels that it will intercept before it goes not the Green River. I think there is. But that used to be some of our pastimes in the summertime, when we'd get a heavy storm, we could even hear the water going down Cedar Creek Wash, we called it then. It was a wash. It wasn't a little creek. It was a wash. And we could hear the water. And we could smell it, from our place on the farm. And other farmers around52
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 there, close by, we'd all go to the highway and go down to the... and see the, that was quite a pastime. To go down and watch that flood bring the debris with it, you know. Trees and brush and all that stuff going down that muddy water. It was quite a sight.NT: Did you ever see anything else in the flood, besides trees and brush, being carried down?JG: Nt: MG: NT: JG:No.That was all?Orin had chicken coops up there.That's right. Was that every spring?Well, that was a common occurrence during the summer. During the summer in the hot weather when we would get a heavy thunderstorm, see there's a rainstorms. It would start even up to the head you see. Way up in Mohrland Canyon. Cedar Creek Canyon then. But by the time it got down here, it would have quite a momentum and quite a bigflood [sic] There is a lot of little diversion streams, you know. They're not diversion, but inlets, along the channel that would built it up still more and more. By the time it got down to the valley, why, it was pretty good-sized stream of water.I bet. [Break in taping] In Huntington Canyon.Which is the community mine?NT: JG: NT:53
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 2 5 , 1 9 8 2 JG: Well, it's on the, it's up Deer Creek Canyon.JW: Is it the Co-op Mine, now? Is it the one's that calledthe Co-op?JG: That was Co-op.NT: OK, then I do know which one it is.JG: It was a community to... They called it a community mineand then I think they called it the Co-op Mine. Co-op, Huntington residents, well, in fact, Cleveland and Lawrence, especially, used to go up there a lot. And... Dad helped open up that mine. He was a foreman to help open up that mine.NT: How did he learn about the coal there?JG: How did he what?NT: Learn that there was coal there? Could you see?JG: Oh, it was the same evidence. The evidence had to bethere. You see, it crops out and they know there is coalthere.NT: When did he open that one up?JG: Well, that was after he came off his mission. Oh, someyears after he come off his mission.MG: Well, she wouldn't know when that was. Could you put adate on it?JG: So, he had quite a bit of experience, you know, in thecoal business. So far as experience was going in those days, you know?54
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JW: When did he come off his mission?JG: W ell--JW: How many years was he on his mission?MG: How old were you? That's the thing you and pinpoint with. Jg: I was 8 years old when he went, there. I was 9 years oldwhen he went.MG: And he was gone two years.JG: And he was yes, so I was about 11 years old when he cameoff his mission.NT: And then, after that, how old were you when he opened upthe Community Mine?JG: Oh, it was in the teens, about-- Well, I imagine about1914, 1915, somewhere in there.NT: Why did they call it the community Mine?JG: Well, it was a community mine, I mean the people of, thecommunity of Huntington, as interested in that. And they all participated, more or less. I don't know, they formed some kind of a organization or something. Anyway, it was considered a benefit to Huntington City, Huntington Town, the whole community.MG: Well, they got their coal up there.NT: Yes.JW: I think each, whoever wanted to, could go up there andmine their own coal and then bring it back down to use for the wintertime, wasn't that what it was for?55
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JG: No, I think that the mining of the coal was supervised by someone like Dad or somebody else. No, they didn't go up there and promiscuously mine their own coal. They'd go upthere and they could be served. And that's why I say, some of them would get early in the morning to get up there and get served first. Because there was quite a lot of wagons going up there to get coal.NT: Was that the closest mine to Huntington? JG: It was then, yes.NT: Yes.JG: Well, I guess it is now. Huh?JO: ... [inaudible] drive in a wagon to East Carbon and mine cola and come back for ... ?MG: Did Grandpa ever, did he ever mine coal in East Carbon? JG: Oh, my dad? I could tell you a story that happened.NT: Well, we can't now.JG: Yes, he worked in Sunnyside. And he had quite an experi-ence there. Yes, he's, my dad's had quite a bit of experience in the coal mines. I hadn't even thought about him over in--NT: Joyce says she has that written down. JO: I've got that account written down. JG: Have you?JO: Y es.NT: That's good.56
 JAMES GARDNER APRIL 25, 1982 JW: What you need to do now, Nancy, see, is write down allthose things that you--END OF INTERVIEW57