 NORMAN BOYD Moab, Utah Tape No. 28An interview bySteve Guttman and John Donnely August 4, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 
 Table of ContentsBackground.Moab . •Uranium B.oom. . Charley Stein(?) Moving to Moab. Barbershop.Mayor • • •Problems WhileSewer Plant.Miners • • • • •People from Uranium Boom. Benefits from Boom••1 6 8 915 16 17Own Business.Moab as a RetirementSpotinOffice • • 18 25 28 29 36 39 • . 45
 
 THIS INTERVIEW WITH NORMAN BOYD IS A PART OF THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT CONDUCTED BY THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CALIFORNIA STATE COLL- EGE AT FULLERTON. STEVE GUTTMAN AND JOHN DONNELY INTERVIEWED MR.BOYD ON AUGUST 4TH, 1970.JD: Okay, would you first like to start off by telling us a little bit about yourself, sir?NB: Yes, I was born and raised in Houston, Texas and went to school in the Houston district. As I just told this young man here, I was going to school taking speech and debate at Sam Houston Highoand the debate teacher's name was Lyndon Baines Johnson who later be- came president. But this story has nothing to do with uranium.Anyway, I married Maxine Stein, who is the sister-in-law of Charles Stein, the man who found the Uinta(?) Mine in about '53 and started development in '54. Well, I moved here in May of '54 when it was just getting at the height really of the so-called boom. Your friend asked me ahout power here. Were you talking about electric power?I remember, there were times when my wife and I would go out to the downtown theater. It was a walk-in theater, you know. They had such little power coming in. Once there was power storage, and the theater of course was dark and the projector was off, so we had togo outside and sit on the curb and wait for the thing to come back on before we could go back in and see the rest of the show. And at that time, we didn't have any drive-ins--or just one. Of course, in that time we had no radio; we had no TV in the valley here. I re-
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 2member when the radio first started, which was about three or four years after I moved here. That would make it about 1957 or '58 that we got the first radio. As a matter of fact, down in the valley here b.ecause of the mountains, you have to have an antenna five hundred feet long to pick up radio, and we just couldn't do it. Well, my brother-in-law had a tower right here in his office building. I'll show you where it used to be. It's torn down now, but he built it for his office. He had a tower there that he used for his telephone service from here to the mine, you know. And that thing was--God, I guess two hundred feet high. And I used to put my wire on it. I had one of those transoceanic Zenith radios, and that wo.uldn't work. We couldn't pick up anything. So finallywe got radio. So during that time, for entertainment we had bridge club.s. We played bridge at your house tonight, and at somebody else's next week, and you know, this kind. And the guys didn't play bridge, we played poker, you know. Now to get back to these other conditions here. The telephone situation, this is something.They had one line coming in here for the long distance phones, and you had to get on the list to make a long distance call like to California. You'd call up over here on a call to California, and it may be an hour, or three hours, or it may be tomorrow beforeyou get your call in. I remember people who'd drive from here to
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 3Grand Junction, Colorado to call back East and get it quicker than they would trying to get it from here because we only had one line coming in. We had very few accomodations like apartments. Man, this is something you couldn't hardly find. People were sleeping on river- b.anks., you know, on riverb.anks in tents and cars, anywhere they could sleep because you couldn't--there just wasn't anyplace to rent here.I had a shower-bath in here then in the men's restroom, and I used to get fifty cents a shower, just like they did back in the '80's,man. But they'd come in here and get a haircut and shave and I'd tell them to shower up afterwards because they had no place to take a bath. Couldn't rent a room. There was a little motel here in the Canyonlands called the Utah Inn. It was small, about half as bigas it is now, and there was one right back here where the GeologyBuilding is. Charley built that. There was a little motel there, and Bowin's down here, and that was about it. And then they built Apache Motel which is around the corner. You probably saw it. Whenwas that? About 1957, '58, somewhere around there. So rooms--wereat a premium. You just couldn't find any. People coming in here-- course, everybody was coming here to get rich on uranium, you know.And more of them went broke than got rich, I'll clue you. Matter of fact, out of every one that made money, I can show you ten that didn't.They'd form little companies. They'd come in and form little comp-
 NORMAN B.OYD PAGE 4anies and sell stock, and buy a couple of claims, two or three claims, or something, and the uranium company would sell stock on the market, and pass the S.C.C., or whatever. They didn't have anything, but they sold stock, you know. And the paper was worthless. I remember a company called Broken Arrow Uranium. They got this name from the movie Broken Arrow and these people from California--it~s been so long that I forgot their names.But they had Boeing airplanes and a Piper Super Cruiser, and they were flying from Los Angeles to here, and they were going to use it to commute from here to Salt Lake, and so forth. Before the plane got here, they went broke. So I was talking to them over here in the cafe, the Arches Cafe next door here. It was open then, but it's closed now, and they asked me if I wanted to buy and airplane. I says, "What do I want with an airplane? I can't fly." So then I forgot about it, and I came back a few hours later, and a friend of mine who's a pilot says to me, "Why don'tyou b.uy it and I'll teach you to fly." I says, ''Well, how much?"And they say, "Fifteen hundred dollars." SG: For the plane?NB.: For the plane. So I told them yes. He asked how much time, and I says how much. So I bought it. Before it even got here, Ib.ought the airplane. So the thing came and this man's name was
 NORMAN BOYD P AGE 5Jim Green, and he was flying for Charley at the time, you know, flying for the company. Anyway, so Jim taught me how to fly the thing when he got here. Flying training on 182--it says on 182. And a fellow named Mike Hunter came in and bought this theater out over here and remodeled it. Him and I become partners. We bought this 182. Mike moved to California, so I bought him out. Mike was in a movie with John Wayne. What the heck was the name of that? It was ab.out a plane that was going across the ocean.SG: Yeah, and they got in trouble.NB: Yeah.SG: ~t crashed around San Francisco?NB: Yeah, well, Mike was in that movie. He had a minor part. He wasa navigator. He was a navigator on that plane. Mike is the kind of guy---?--- bought---?--- the plane. Now he's back in Cal- ifornia. He's flying now for some overseas airline out of Orange County. These are just some of the things I remember. When I opened up this shop here--Charley built this. My brother-in-lawbuilt the building. It's mine now, I'm buying it--not mine but the bank's. But anyway, he built it for me, you know, and when I opened up, there was, where you've got your car right now, an irrigation ditch at one time. I tell you, we had to put a boardacross it to get to the road. And this road here was the highway,
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 6and the only way in and out in Moab was this way. Come down Main Street, that's the center, and then you turn down by the pastureout to the highway on your way to Albequerque or South, don't you see? They didn't have any road out, nothing out where Miller'sand all this jazz is. Wasn't nothing there, just farmhouses andthat was it. But anyway, the pavement was just enough for twocars in the vicinity and that's all. And the other side(?) wasan irrigation ditch als.o. Well, the ditch is still there now where your car is, but it's underground, you know, culverts. But I remem- ber these girls--well, the people here that made money, the few that did wore fur coats and Cadillacs and that kind of jazz. That was the sort of thing you'd see them in. I've seen them cross thatdoggone irrigation ditch on the board with their fur coats on manya time. I'm talking about the real stuff, mink coats, you know going there to eat at the Arches Cafe next door. And the Arches Care was here when I came. It was big. It was the place back in the fifties. These motels like you have out here now, like the ramada, and the Green Route, and the Travel Lodge, and all of them-- from that bridge on out, there was nothing, man. I could havebought that whole thing for--for five thousand dollars. Now look at it. But now we don't have the razza-ma-tazz. We don't have, you know how boom towns go, the excitement, but we have more homes
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 7now, more stable people. But now in business you have competition also. For instance, when I first opened this barbershop up, therewas· only one other shop in town. Now you got five barbershops, you see. And there was only one market and that was on the corner over here where the clothing store is now. That was Miller's Market, and that was it unless you went to the smaller corner stores. So wehave East Side Grocery, and B&J, and several of them and that's it,and then the markets, see. Now you have three supermarkets. Sopeople have brought competition, but business is spread out so thin that you might be making a living, but you're not making big money.But it was lively here back in the fifties, back in the middle fifties, it really was. I've seen--well, for instance, in the Arches Cafehere. This is an area where table talk is in the millions of dollars, you know, I mean a thousand dollars is nothing, you know, man. Imean millions of dollars for this, that, and the other. And theywrote on so many table cloths in there, they had to go to paper table cloths b.ecause they ruined them, you know, by hand figuring what the company's going to b.e worth. We even had a stockbroker here witha ticker tape, right out of New York. And this is what'll killyou. Back in the days before they had radio, they had pictures with the World Series going on. Follow me? And some of my customers didn't know ab-0ut the ticker tape, so I drove---?--- the ticker
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 8tape. The New· York Yankees, 5; Brooklyn, 6. And oh, hey, I'll think I'll bet on the game today. Well, gee, I like the Dodgers-- oh man, you got a bet there 'cause I already know who won, see! Ticker tape. But you got no radio, see, no radio. So man, you know, well, it's jus.t a little,\bit underhanded. But this ticker tape was quite a deal. And B.ruce Armstrong was the fellow that run that. He's back in Texas now. The guy he was working forwas killed in a car wreck over by Ney(?) Colorado. He was coming over here one night and got in a wreck and killed himself. Hewas driving a big Cadillac. A big fellow--I forgot what his name was. But it was quite a deal. Back then we had half a dozen attorneys in town. It took that many to get these companies form- ed b.ecause they was so busy. We had three attorneys that were connected with the county, state, or city. One's a city attorney,one'\s a county attorney, and one's a city judge, and that's the only lawyers we got here. But hack in the uranium days, we had several here, and they was busy forming these companies here, you s·ee. Doing the paper work. And they made good money.SG: Did you get involved yourself with any of these penny ·stocks? NR: No! You know, you buy a few, but nothing to talk about becauseI knew there wasn't anything to them. Sold them for about a hundred bucks here and a hundred bucks there, and the paper--1
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 9JD:NB.:don't even know if I've still got the paper, you know, that they was written on.How ab.out your b.rother? Did you get any share of Utex, or--?My brother-in-law. No, you see that was a closed corporation. What I mean by that, they didn't have any open account of stock.It was owned b.y people the original stockholders: my wife Char- lotte, and my mother-in law, and a couple, three other fellows that were interested in the financial way. They were directors, and they made it a closed corporation. When they liquidated, why, they divided this up among the stockholders, you see. That's theway it worked. But he's still got real estate here--several pieces of real estate he owns here.What was he like?Charley?Y eah.He's a sharp geologist. Real sharp. He's a wiry fellow, little fellow. Liked to party. What I mean, he wasn't a run--he didn't run around with women and like that. But what I mean, when he'd give a party, he'd give a party. You know what I'm talking about? Everything you wanted to drink, you know, the whole business. Iremember he used to give yearly parties for--well, they called itJD:NB.: JD: NB:
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 10Utex Days, or Uranium Days. Utex was the company. He used to go out to the airport and rent the hangar out, use the hangar. Hehad a hangar out there, and there'd be barbecued meat. These caterers used to come in from Salt Lake, and I mean top stuff, man, b.eef and all kind of barbecueing, and potato salad, and the whole hit for thousands. Anybody could come and eat--thousands. And then he would bring in entertainment out of Las Vegas. He'd fly into Vegas, pick their show up, and bring in the whole thing, man. So I think the hangar put on a show, boy. I'm talking abou theLas Vegas entertainers, fellow~ I mean, tops. Oh, yeah, he'ddo that, but it cost a lot of money.JD: Yeah, I imagineoit would.NB.: But he--he was tops.JD: He bought some buildings in town, did you say?NR: No, he didn't b.uy any buildings. This property all used to belongto him. He owned this barbershop, all through this supermarket there. You know, all this property was his, and this geologybuilding back these was his, see? Now he sold it. Now this is mine. The rest of it belongs to a fellow named Frank Yama (?) who used to own the store here. But I'm buying this one here. Charley owned a lot of, well, I don't know if you know where the Hellenite schools is.
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 11SG: NB:SG: NB.:Y es.Do you know anything about that? Churches? Have you heard the story there?I've heard the story.Uh huh. Well, that school's property was given to the school district and each church--the Catholic Church, the First Baptist Church, and the Connnunity Church have two acres a piece. The Church of Christhas four. And he gave each one of these churches their propertywith their buildings on them. I mean, he just gave it to them.Free of charge?Oh yeah. Oh yeah. The reason I know, I was in one of the First Baptist Churches, and we were the first one to build over thereby the Catholic Church and the Community Church. Whenever a churchwould approach him for a property, he just gave it to them. Andhe put an awful lot of money into the hospital down there, in the I.W.H. Hospital, named after Doctor Hauch(?) who used to be here years ago. His son is still here. Charley helped build that. So he was quite a philanthropist as far as that goes. One thing about Charley, boy, before he had this mine, he didn't have anything. Hewas a poor man. He worked for an oil company out of Houston, Texas, but he wanted to go prospecting. And he just headed up here. It wasn't a fly. I mean, he studied. He just didn't think, you know, he knew. He knew about the formations. He had a degree in geologyJD: NB.:
  NORMAN ROYD PAGE 12from---?--- School of Mines, and he knew what he was after. Buthe didn't have any money when he came out here with his family. Well, at that time it was two boys. Since then he's had two more b.oys, so , he ·.'s; got four boys now. Out here on the Colorado Plateau,looking for uranium. Well, when he hit it and hit it big. Every person that had helped during the years, he would look them up, go out of his way to find them to pay them back ten fold. Now, a lot of these people--well, people are funny. A lot of them would do this too: they would turn around and gamble, cut his throat,you know, under hand him. He didn't appreciate this, but he didit anyway, I know. I can tell you.JD: He was one of the first to help Bill McCormick, wasn't he?NB.: Well, Bill, yes. This is a strange story. I wasn't here, but Ican tell you what I heard. Bill was running this store over in Dove Creek, Colorado. Bill is a native of Detoit, Michigan. He worked for Ford Motors over there for years. But because of his health, he had to go West, so he would up in Dove Creek, Colorado. I guess you know where it is--over here around Cortez. He ran a store, a general store, he and Ennna his wife. And at that timeBill had been out here may two, three years. I don't know when B1t1- rtrsr-wenr-e1re-re---;---1-----t-v-e-gm-an ·-a-e-a-.- Bur-anyway, when Charleywas prospecting this area, he met Bill at this store. Bill would
  NORMAN BOYDhelp Charley, give him milk and b.read, and so forth, forbecause they didn't have anything. And Bill was kind of prospector himself, and he had prospected the area out in Lisbon Valley and thought it looked pretty good. Him and Charley gottogether and they talked about putting a drill here and there, and together they figured out where to drill, you know. It was this sort of thing. I don't mean he was a fifty-fifty partner, but, you know, don't misunderstand me, I don't want you to get fouledup. And then, of course, after Charley hit the thing, why, Bill came out smelling quite like roses, if you know what I mean, nothing to worry ab.out. In later years he formed Standard Uranium. Now it's called Standard Metals. And Bill McCormick was made president of Standard Metals, and it was on the American Exchange, and I think it still is called Standard Metals. You can check that, I don't remember, it's been so long ago. But that wasformed by Charley and Bill, and Bill was the president. And in the meantime, he b.ecame president of a bank. He built a bankin Dove Creek, the Dove Creek State Bank, and he's still president of that--Bill McCormick. He's also president of the Moab NationalBank. But when Charley hit his mine, Bill McCormick, all he hada r T I e t~me-wa-g-h-±s-sror-e,----a-s--f-ar--a-s-I- kn-ow-. - An-cl--b-e-c-au-s-e---ef- Ghar----1-e-s,- - - - hitting it and Bill helping him, he did all right. Anybody's that'sPAGE 13his kids an amateur
  NORMAN B.OYD PAGE 14ever helped him has done all right. A fellow named Dan O'Learywas working the Chicago Bridge and Iron back in Houston and Charley was going to school. And Charley worked for Chicago Bridge Mines as a roustabnut, or whatever you call them, a helper. He was just a kid working summers there. And he met Dan O'Leary and when he came out here and hit this, he needed money for operation, and for exploration. So Dan helped him financially, and he put Dan onEasy Street. He's. worth plenty of money today. I'm not sayingDan wouldn't have made it on his own otherwise, but it helped him along the way. So Charley is not a--there is not a bone in his body that doesn't help freely people that even remotely helped him in those days. I mean he would go out of his way.SG: What did he think when he started getting all this pub.licity? Did he like the pub.licity?NB.: Oh, people say he did---?---, but I don't know. See, you have to remember this: when Charley made this million dollars, he was a little over thirty years old. You see what I mean? A young man, up to this time, just getting by, driving an old broken down jeep,bt.mnning, borrowing money for milk and bread for his family, and so here he comes into millions. Publicity hound? No~. I don't think so.e go a ]IT of pubJ:1city, ancl-p-e-oi,-1-e-say-tre-s-b-i--g=hea-c:I-etl,---studc-up-,--- hut not Charley. He's not that way. People will talk about you.
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 15See, here's the thing about it: you got friends and you go out there and make a million bucks and you see how they talk about you. See, this guy here, what he's saying is it should be me, not you. Probab1y jealous of him. I know these people and I know Charley. And so you have to think what would I do in a situation like this if all of a sudden I woke up and I was a millionaire? One day a pauper, the next day a millionaire. How would I handle this situation? What would I do? It'll stop you. It'll put you to thinking.SG: Was it on his recommendation that you came to Moab in the first place?NB.: Yes. My wife and I. My wife was on the Board of Directors at Utex, which means she had a part of it, which was---?--- In Houston I worked for Shell Oil Company, and I had been there fifteen years before I was in World War II and the Korean War almost four years. Rut I had fifteen years seniority at Shell Oil Company altogether befo~e and after World War II. When Iwas working for Shell and the war came along, I joined the Navy. I was gone for three and a half years, but my seniority went on.So when I came back to Shell and was working for Shell, Charley hit this. My ~other and dad had died. My mother died in '53
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 16just after Charley his this--somewhere about six months after, some- where around there. There really wasn't anything to hold me in Houston because I knew my wife Maxine had a lot more here than she had everhad in Houston working for Shell. So I'd been a barber before. Iwas a barber when I first met Maxine. So I come out here and talkedto Charley, and Charley s.ays we need a barbershop here, and I says, "Boy, I'm ready to go." Houston is a very large city, and I've never-- I mean, I'm not a mover. Houston is the only place I've lived inmy life, except the Navy--that's it. I just don't like to move. I'veb.een here sixteen years.JD: Do you have all that seniority yet?NB.: Yeah, man ---?---. I knew that there was more here than ·I could evermake at Shell. More---?--- What I've made, which isn't much--but what you see here is me, buddy. You know, I'm buying this business. Charley started me out, but I didn't go to him and say, "Loan me a thousand dollars, or fifteen thousand, I've got to have the loan.1" And I wouldn't do it again. I never would.SG: I noticed you've got four stalls here.NB: Yeah, I got a beauty shop back here, too.SG: Yeah, well, during the boom, was there enough business to keep thismany busy?NB.: You'd b.etter believe it. You'd better believe it. We've been this
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 17busy three times. During the uranium boom, and then it slowed down about, well, the early sixties. No, the late--well, it started slowing down about '58 and '59, it started slowing down a littlebit. Then in the early sixties, when they had a lot of seismograph readings and looking for oil and that, it started picking up. So then I had two harbers working besides myself. And then theystarted building the potash out here, the potash mine and mill. And hoy, listen, I had three barbers and myself--really busy then. I have only b.een b.y myself for about two, two and a half years now.I've tried barb.ers. I've tried them. You know how a guy is supposed to he a hot shot barber, one of these stylists in the business, you know, with the---?--- stuff, but you know the cities might buy this,but not the small town. You see these guys go to these hair stylists, and they get the net throwed on them, and the shampooing and the works, and they pay seven to fifteen bucks. Why, here they'd think you was crazy. You're off your rocker boy•. Just cut my hair and let me get out of here, you know. So I stayed by myself. I got three operators in the beauty shop. I've got a nice beauty shop. But I like thework. I was the mayor of Moab for four years.SG; So we understand. What years were these now?NB.: I took office on January 1, 1962 and finished up January 1, 1966.Four years. I helped. I put in a new water and sewer system here
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 18while I was here. Built the new city hall over there. City Hall was right down there where the museum is. That was the City Hall once. Now it's over here. I enjoyed four years of education. I think it's harder to be a mayor of a town like this than it is to be mayor of Chicago, Illinois, man. Everybody knows you and every- body's got problems, and everyb.ody's is bigger than anyhody else's, you know. But I enjoyed it. The last year I was in office I was elected vice--pres.ident of Utah Municipality (?). And had I been reelected, which I wasn't, I would have been president of UtahMunicipality (_?).. I ran again th.e second time. The circumstances that I los.t the election were not b.ecause of my efforts, or because of what I did, b.ut b.ecause of personality--not my personality, buta person I had working for me that the people didn't like. They thought I ought to get rid of h:ilil, but I didn't because I knew what he had up here. Therefore,---?---. That's rough. Anybody---?---But I liked it, I really did.JD: What were the major troubles you ran across during your term of office? NB.: Major troubles? Oh man. The trailer zoning. Zoning, man. As Itold you, when we first started the boom, we had not housing here. We had no :apartment buildings, and so here come the trailers, you know, house trailers. I've got nothing against house trailers or;: the people that live in them, but when you go to taxation, when you
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 19go to depreciation, when you go to borrow money from the government for this, that, and the other, why, they come in and evaluate your town. They see a trailer sitting here in your back yard and one in your front yard, and so that devaluates your property. Now I didn't make up this ruling, Uncle Sam did. So therefore, we had to have a strict zoning law that said that that trailer has got to be in an authorized trailer court. So you can see what happened. When I come to you, and you've heen here a long time before I came here, see, and I say, "Look buddy, that trailer is going to have to go from that corner." And I hear, "Oh, that's my only source of in- come off my trailer." I feel for you, I mean I really do. We gota zoning law here and it's going to b-e enforced. It was on the books all the time, but I enforced, and I was in deep water. Every time I would have a council meeting -which met every Tuesday then-- now I think they meet twice a month., but every Tuesday night, man that place would he flooded with people. They'd come in there about that zoning law. Man, you're stepping on--what are you going todo? That's the way it's going to be. So I got in into the books.And today you won't find many. You'll find some, a handful, maybe, of trailers that are there. The ones that are there have come in sine~ I've been out of office, which has been what--oh, about sevenyears. That was my biggest problem right there was zoning. These
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 20people weren't used to this, you see. Wasn't used to having thisthing enforced even though it was on the books.SG: They're not enforcing the zoning law as rigidly how·?NB-: Well, I wouldn't say that because now you get into politics. I'veheard that they're not, b.ut--I'm still going to be a politician,huddy! I've heard they were not.JD: Are you going to run again?NB: I may. I've b.een asked to•. I've b.een asked. I don't know. Ilike it. I like politics. If you like politics, once you get ataste of it, it's like b.eing an alcoholic, I guess.SG: It takes up a large amount of time, though?NB.: Put a lot of time in. When I was in the mayor's office it was. apart--time joh. I s.till worked here. I had an office over there,hut it was a part-time job. I only made fifty bucks a month. SG: How much?NB,: Fifty dollars a month. Since then they've made it a full time joh. So when a boy runs., h.e runs for full time. I had an admin- istrator, a city administrator under me who was full timew Hewas office manager. He carried out th.e directions of the mayor and the counc~l. His name was Darrell Reardon. We told Mr. Rearden to do this. I worked this .and this. Every issue wasbrought up before council, approved, and passed to him, and he did
 NORMAN BOYDit. And he did a good job. I mean, he's sharp. And he tight office, you know what I mean? Tight. And so, thePAGE 21kept apeople were a little jealous of Darrell because he would work hard and get his work done mayb.e early sometimes--maybe two, three times a week, and get his coat, and at four o'clock he'd be out play-ing golf. But his work was done. I know, I was mayor. So some of thes·e town people would see him out playing golf and say, "Oh, he's goofing off. Letrs get him out of there," so they say. So anyway, Mr Munch ran on a ticket that said he would be a full time mayor and he didn't need Mr. Reardon. Well, I was defeated, andMr. Reardon resigned and moved to California. So Mr. Munch has hired another man to do the job and he's doing a half job, really. Between the two of them, they're making four hundred dollars amonth more than Darrell and I were making together. And we did the joh. We sure did. So I don't know. And so that's one reasonwhy I'm glad that I wasn't elected because if the people wanted a full time--what you call a strong-arm type mayor--you understandwhat that is? JD: Y es.NR: I couldn't do it. They didn't pay enough 111oney to allow me toquit my b.usiness. or clos.e my business down and go over there arid s~t ·in that office. I just couldn't do it. If they wanted to go back to the city administration form of goverrnnent and have a part-
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 22time mayor to preside the council, to offer constructive ordinances to the council, to preside at all the meetings, I'd be glad to, but otherwis.e not. I don't believe in a full time mayor.SG: What was the procedure involved in getting the new city hall building? What was all involved in transferring it over?NB.: Oh, just passing the ordinance. We presented bonds, municipal bonds, and got the money and started building, man.SG: Was there any opposition to that?NB.: Oh sure. There's always opposition, sure, but not enough. You haveto have a vote. You have to vote on it, you know. Sure.JD: What were the different types of b.onds that you used while in office? NB.: Well, general obligation b.onds, of course, and then municipal bondswhich we sold for the sewer and water system. We spent about a million and a half on that, if I remember. It's been a long time; I don't rememb.er. I'm dragging back some memories, I can tell you. Right then I was on top of it. I remember I had to go to Denver. Me and Howard Bals.ley who at that time was city treasurer '.Signed these b.onds. They had to be signed by hand, you couldn't stamp them. They had to b.e in person, buddy. That was a good--it tookus all day. Then all three of us, me and Darrell and Howard,went there, and all three of us had to sign some of them, and two of us had to sign the others. I forget which ones. That was money
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 23for the water and sewer system, for city hall, for the furnishings, and all that. We had to refurnish the thing and look at all kindsof pictures. We looked at all kinds of city halls and how to build them, the council table, you know, whether it's going to be roundor horseshoe shape or what. It's..:ho.rs·eshoe:.1sibap.e kind of raisedlike this. Have you ever seen it? Well, we got a lot of attention on that. "Ah, it's too nice, man." "I don't know, man." I believe in going in first class, hut it's no hunk of ginger break over there.SG: It's not elaborate.NB: That stuff is usable, you know. It's workable. Did you see whatwe had before down here?JD: Well, if you're in the most modern museum, that's a high jump. NR: That's where it was. That's where it was·. Right there. Oh boy.That's something else. You get a council meeting over there andyou get about fifty people in that little building. Imagine them griping at you ahout the zoning law. Back in those days. Now you see you set ---?--- ---?---. Oh, besides, when you t.alk about this, this is routine. When you're furnish:j_ng that thing, you don't make all the decisions. You just say, "Look, what do you think about this? I like this." You don't want to---?--- ". The mayor isjust kind of a figurehead anyway, you know, but this zoning was one of the biggest--well, the biggest problem I had. Back in those
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 24days, we had the school kids getting in trouble, but our trouble was b.eer parties. They'd go out somewhere on the river and give one of these big beer busts., you know, and some of the parents would get all put out. The kids went down to the city park down here after hours at two o'clock in the morning, and they snuck in the pool, swinuning with a b.eer. This was against the law. And these arekids, thirteen, fourteen years. old. So what I'd do is have the police gather them up and take them to the police station and call up their parents. I didn't care what time it was--two o'clock,- - - - - - - - - ~t_.b.i...r._e=e_..\.,aL'--'--c_l_o_c..k_in___th.e__morning • I 'd wake you up and say, "Hey, your kid is down here. Come and get him." "Oh, I ain't gonna go."-"Oh, yes you ar:e." "I ain't got no way." I said, ''I'11 come getyou," and I did. So this was a hig problem.JD: You still didn't have to arrest the kids?NB: Well, arrest them? I don't know if you'd call-it arresting them.When you pick up somebody and throw him in the car, you might use the handcuffs on him, or throw him into jail, but it all depends on how the term "arrest" is used.JD: You didn't book them?NR: No. No.JD: That's the way we mean.NB: We made a record. We knew where they were written down mentally of
   NORMAN B.OYD P AGE 2 5who the kids were. You take a guy that's been woken up, say, twoor three times in a week with his kid out after hours, and he's going to want to know whether that kid's going to stay home you see? This is some of the problems we had. I mean all towns have this problem. But this town, Moab. has an itinerant population. Any mining town has. People come and go. Come in and stay six months, a year. I know people who have been here five or six years and all of a sudden they move, you know. Mayhe they get transferred, or maybe theydon't like the b.oss so they move. A miner don't have any trouble getting a job. There's always a mining job, and they make goodmoney. And I tell you one thing ab.out Charley now, that old boy treated his men right. I don't know of a person that ever worked for him, whether it was in an office or in the mines, that wouldn't go back to him in a minute. He'd send out the S.O.S. "Boy, I need some help." I've heard them tell me that. I'm not making it up!They'd go to work for him in a minute.SG: Getting back to the prob.lems of the city. We understand there wasquite a bit of discussion on the sewage plant with the city and thestate on the type of system that was going to be put in. NB.: Oh y-eah•SG: We haven't got any real details on why there was this problem. We just heard there was. Can you account for this?
  NORMAN BOYD PAGE 26NB-: Well, we went through that well. We were talking about putting in a---?---. An engineer seeing and discussing it suggested an ac- tivated sludge type of system. Are you familiar with this? An activated sludge?JD: T've heard talk about it. In environmental terms, I know what you're talking ab.out.NB.: Chemical things, an activated sludge type of thing. They have one out in San Diego, California right down by the resevoir. Beautiful. But anyway, the city engineer, Mr. Holder, suggest this. The council looked at all the deals and what it would do and wouldn'tdo and approve this type of thing. You must keep in mind againthat when you talk politics, there are ramifications of the politics of a small town. The mayor has no power in this respect, as far aspassing a law saying this is what we're going to do. All he can do is present it to council after he's satisfied himself that this iswhat we need, and you have five councilmen. The only time the mayor would vote would b€ in a case of a tie. If you have five men there, you're not going to have a tie. If you have four there, you may have a tie. But anyway, to get back to this thing: so we looked into the activated sludge, and Darrell and I made a trip out to California to check this plant out. And it was doing a beautiful job. There'sno question ab.out that. Ands-owe came back and said, well, that's
 NORMAN B.OYD PAGE 27what we'll do. Well, the thing of it was, the state of Utah had never, as far as I know, never worked or seen operated an activated sludge system. Mr. Lynn Thatcher was in the health department and he wasthe guy that had the final say ab.out this thing, and he was against this thing. He fought me, boy, tooth and nail. I finally had togo to the governor because we can get a hearing before him. I went to the governor,governor Clyde at the time, 'cause I was determined that that was the way it had to be. I was sold on it. Our engineer at that time sold me on it, and sold our council on it, and sold our city engineer on it, and sold Mr. Darrell Reardon on it. So I was going to fight it, boy, and I did. And we bought some material from an outfit in California, and I think they were sincere in selling us this equipment. Anyway, to make a long story short, it didn't work out. Sornething--T don't know what it was, the engineering or some- thing. Some thought that maybe the engineer had sold us a bill ofgoods. I'm not going to say for sure. ---?--- But we had some equipment here, jus.t sitting out there, and nobody knew hot to put it together, and it w.as a mess. So as a consequence, they had togo back up and over the other way. I take my part of the blame, but like I say, I'm no superman. I was sold by the engineer the city had hired. His hus.iness had been here for years. Mr. Dave Ozenis· the only city agent I ever remember since I've been here. He
 NORMAN B:OYD P AGE 2 8put in the water system, did a b.eautiful job on that spring system, you know, and I b.rought that system from start to finish. Man,that's beautiful. Built a new·water tank over here, a million gallon storage tank for the city. And we built a system that would accom- odate fifteen thousand people. Now this is a lot more than we've got now. Figured for the future we'd have to do this--honds and things like this. So anyway, that was a problem of mine.SG: What were the objections that Mr. Thatcher had on that?NR: Well, he was familiar with this type of thing. He just didn't believeit would work. He was against it because he knew the systems, which I didn't. But I was just as hard headed as he was, and I thought itwould work so I fought him, you know. And finally, he made some mistakes and so did I. Oh man, we had a lot of meetings with that health Department up there in Salt Lake City. You can be sure, man,that I spent a lot of time up there. Whew! But we're still friends,·you know. I didn't want to fight.JD: What were the miners like in town? Were they kind of a hard playingbunch. =-NR; Oh yeah. A lot of mining people are like that, you know. When yousay hard playing bunch, when these people work hard, they play hard. They weren't letting out a hooping and a hollering, but when they had a party, they had a party. You know what I mean? And when
 NORMAN BOYD P AGE 2 9they gambled, they gambled. And the town, more or less back in those days, was wide open, I guess you might say. They could go over there Sunday and go shopping even though the state of Utahis considered a dry state. They don't sell liquor over the bar like they do in California. You buy a bottle, you know. Now they've got minibottles that you can drink. But there was no problem here to get a drink in this town. And there wasn't any crime to speak of, you know, just small stuff. Once in a whilea major safe-cracking gang would come and crack a couple of safes and take off. But, it wasn't anything at all. We had a couple ofmurders back then. It wasn't bad. It was a lot of fun. You met all kind of characters, man. I have said many times that I wished I could write stories because if I could describe on paper some characters that I've met back then--JD: Like who?NB.: --people wouldn't believe it.SG: Well, this is. your chance. You can put it on tape now. And youcan let someone else type it up for you.NB.: Not being any kind of an artist, you don't look at a person orvisualize a pers.on the way an artist would or the way a writer would. You know what I mean? You say, "I know this guy and hewas this kind of a guy," b.ut then you forget it. A writer doesn't.
 NORMAN B.OYD PAGE 30He's got a different brain up here than I've got. I don't meanI don't have any brains, but he does. Let's face it. I oftengo this to a guy and say, "Descrihe your wife to me." That would be hard for me to do, really, as much as I love her. You see? ·1 looked at her from my eyes and not from an artist's or writer's eyes. Maybe you guys· don't understnad what I'm talking about.DG: We're just saying that it's kind of difficult to try to remember somebody. It's something that you pick up for yourself, and not for anyone else.NR: Yeah, I follow you now.JD: Yeah, I understand your difficulty in trying to remember some ofthese people or trying to describe them.NB.: Yeah, you do at the time. Say you're talking to some guy in thebarhershop, "You know Joe?" "Oh, yeah, he's a character. That son-of-a-gun, I seen him do this and that yesterday. And you know, he's something else. He wears these kinds of clothes and thatkind of clothes, and I don't know, he's just kind of--." But that's the way y-ou talk about a character. But to sit down andwrite and to descrioe, and I have read the way people describe these characters on paper. That's something that I just could not do. There used to be a guy--what was his name? Van--allI know is Van. He was a fellow probably in his middle twenties,
 NORMAN BDYD P AGE 3 1and he was a guy that was a pretty man. He thought he was a ladies' man, you know. Always crone into the barbershop to get his hair trimmed there once a week. Man, he like to put---?------?---like that, and he'd make any woman in town he could. He'd wearnice clothes. And the only work he ever did as far as I know was tend bar once in a while. And so, about, what year was this? The late fifties, and I came to work one morning, and somebody said, "You hear about Van?" And I said, "No, what happened to him? He owes me five bucks. I loaned him five bucks the other day." "He's dead. He was murdered last night." "You got to be kidding!" "No.They found him in front of a trailer down in the trailer camp. ~ He had been shot .'l.nd he had a .45." And I said, "How come?" He said, "Man, he was raessing around with a teenage girl. And somebody said he thought maybe her dad shot him." Of course, they never proved this and this murder has never been solved. Old Van is six foot under--and my five bucks, too! You don't see that. How am I going to descriBe that? That's all I can tell you about Van. So how'sa guy going to put all this on paper, man? Old Macie Jackson-- Macie Jackson, here's a character. Oh, she was a waitress overat Arches Cafe. I don't know where Macie came from originally-- Colorado, I believe. Macie Jackson--and Macie was a woman. I imagine when I first met her, she was in her middle or late forties,
 NORMAN B.OYD P AGE 3 2something like that. But she made more money as a waitress in this town than any of the young girls. She wasn't so efficient, but she was a talker. She could bull you. You know what I mean? She'd goto your table with eight people, and get your order. Boom, boom, boom, boom, and she'd go and bring your order. "Did you order roast beef?" Never made a mistake. That was Macie,:Jackson. I seen her pick up a hundred dollar tip many a time. Many a time, man. A hundred dollar bill. That's right.JD: A hundred dollar b ill, huh?NB: Right there in the Arches Cafe. Lot of times they'd say, "Macie,I got fifty bucks. I was going to give you fifty bucks. I don't whether you need it. Let's flip to see whether it's fifty or a hundred. All right, call it. Barn. Heads. All right, a hundred, here you go." That's right. Macie Jackson. She married a guy named Turner, Roy Turner, and they lived down in a little farmdown beyond La Sal now. This is a gal you ought to talk to, Macie Jackson. Macie Turner, Roy Turner's wife. She only gets to town about once a year, I guess. An old farm girl now, but she was11' t. She is a character, an amazing woman. Next time you talk to HowardBalsley, ask Howard if he remembers a lady Jackson. Anybody that's been here any amount of time will tell you about this. She made a lot of money.
 NORMAN B.OYD PAGE 33JD: Do you remember some of the characters coming in who were really scraggly looking during the old boom. A lot of the miners that had been on the--NB: Oh yeah. Man, I get them in my chair a lot of times and try toget a clipper blade through their hair. Get them to take a shower. Old Wild Bill--what was Bill's name? Not Bill McCormick. Bill Cooper. He was a miner. He was driving a truck then for Charley,an ore truck. Bill at that time must have been grey headed then,but he was in his early SO's. You could hear him talk for five blocks. He was that kind of a guy. He was tall, six foot something, slim. Man, he wouldn't get his hair cut but once about every sixmonths you know. He's come in and get a haircut, and I'd say, "Bill, I got to wash it. I won't cut your hair until I wash it. I got to,I don't want to ruin my clippers. The last time you---?---." Dirty, oh man, his hair was matty, matty. One time he was carrying a loadof ore, you know, and old Charley was going out to the mine and Billwas coming in. I think Charley was driving his Lincoln out there. I know he was--a red Lincoln, bought it in Dallas. They used tomake about three hauls a day, you know, with this ore, and they'd haul about thirty tons on these trucks, big double ones. So Bill was going down the road and Charley was going down the road and Bill didn't give Charley any room to pass. Charley had to go on
 NORMAN B.OYD PAGE 34the boarded ditch. Man, he wouldn't let him by. There's the guy that owns the mines. He's mad, "Man, I'm getting that ore. Man, I'l'l going to the mill. This guy has got to _get out of my way." Charley was mad, boy. That red Lincoln over on the boarded ditch. There's one you ought to talk to, right there--Marge. She's beenwith Charley ever since the beginning way back, and still worksfor Charley, takes care of some of the interests. She got an office right here. And Marge can tell you probably more about the office procedures and things like that that went on around the officeoas long as it's not classified information. But she can tell you more than anybody I know·, if she would. And Howard might be able tohelp you there. Let him call her. And you see Howard? Tell him that you heard about two people, a gal named Macie Jackson, married to a guy named Roy Turner who lives out here in La Sal, out b.eyond La Sal, and Marge Shafer, and that you'd like to talk to one orboth of these girls.JD: What did you think of the miners? Did you think that they were apretty nice crew or were they pretty rough?NB.: Oh., man, listen, when you're in business, you care less whetherthey're a miner, or a doctor, or a lawyer, or a banker, see.They come in and get a haircut that costs two--well, back in that time it cost a b.uck and a quarter. A buck twenty-five a haircut.
 NORMAN BOYD P AGE 3 5It didn't make any difference to me, no sir. I loved them all.Where there was people, there was business, you see. They didn't bother me a bit. Some might want to wash their hair first. That doesn't make any difference, that was business. A lot of them did get their hair washed first. Back in those days I was doing a lotof shaving, but now I don't get two shaves a month, you know. That's what I did back then. But I think that the ironic thing about this uranium thing in here was that so many came in here and so few madea few dollars. There's no comparing how people acted or reacted to it. It's hard to describe. The people back East and in Californiawould read about this fellow Charley Stein(?), this good old geo- logist coming out here and making millions of dollars, and so here they'd come, man, just like the gold rush, you know. Some of them would come in and stay for a couple of days and say, "The heck with it, I'm gone," rather than stick it out. Very few stuck it out. There's a fellow named Dick Manaska I was talking to. RichardManaska. He's got an office right up here in the Arches. He'sin and out of here. He's working a mine, the---?---, I believe,a uranium mine. He's one of the guys that stuck it out. One ofthe, the promoters, or whatever you want to call it. He's presidentof Monte Cristo Mining Company, we call it. Richard Manaska. I think he's out of town today because if he was here, I would have
 NORMAN B'.OYD P AGE 3 6seen him this morning. He stops in here every morning. But he has a home in El Paso so he commutes when he's working his mine. He's got men working in the mine. Right now he's shipping ore. I don't know how much he's shipping, but he's shipping ore up to---?--- Mill here. This is one guy that's been here all through the thing. There's very few left who were not businessmen like Bill McCormick, or Mr. Balsley. There's very few left who are still here that were here during the boom strictly in mining. You know what I mean? Uranium. U nless---?---. Very few of them.SG: What do you think are the major things that the town has gotten from uranium? From the boom itself?NB: Well, in 1950, the town had twelve hundred people. Twelve hundred. Right now, what was the last census? It was around six thousand, sixty-six hundred. Oh my goodness, man, all these new motels and all, nothing like that would be here if it wasn't for the uranium. I mean, way hack in B.C., before Charley, you know what you gothere? You know? You had a little sleepy town. The movie companies would come in and make a movie once or twice a year. They had a little oil play out here, and that's about it. Now uranium hasbeen known to he in this area for years. Mr. Balsley knows this.He worked the uranium before Charley ever came out and knew there was such a thing as Utah. Of course, those boys have been.here
 NORMAN BOYD P AGE 3 7a long time. He came in here for a vacation once, and how long has he been here, what thirty years? I don't know, but anyway, a long timew So b.efore B.C., again before Charley, why, that's what it was. Could have stayed like that except for uranium. There are a lot of people here today that wouldn't be here ifit wasn't for Charley Stein(?) and his mine.SG: Can you see any disadvantages that have come to the town frommining?NB.: I don't think so. Why, no man. I don't know what it would be. SG: Do you think that uranium is still going to play a major role? NB.: Oh yes, I think so. You'11 find people like this, and you'11find natives here that will say, "Oh my, I wish the town was back like it was, an old sleepy town." You can't stop progress. Ifit hadn't been Charley, it would have been somebody else. Doyou follow me there? You're not going to stop it. And these kinds of people, most of them I know, and I know for a factthat it's jealousy. "I've been here fifty years, and my familyhas heen here fifty years before me, so why didn't I find the uranium?" Do you follow me there? "Here comes this little scamp out of Texas, didn't even know what Utah was all about, not evena Mannon, a native of the church here, didn't belong to the churchhere, come out here to find this big mine. So sure, what the heck,
 NORMAN BOYD P AGE 3 8I'm mad. I hate him." That's the general opinion of a lot of theoldtimers. Not all of them, though.SG: Have you gotten some hostility yourself because of your relationto Charley? NB: Oh yes.SG: You've gotten some of the rub-off?NB.: Oh yes. See, what they feel is, I'm Charley's brother-in-law, soI don't need the business. I don't need it. The truth of the matter is that I never asked Charley Stein for a dime, and I ain't never going to. And he built this for me, I paid him rent, morethan I would pay you. I'd argue with you about the rent I paidhim. See what I mean? I mean, I never missed a month's rent, never, never, ever. And this, still, I can't tell you that---?---. She took care of the books for me. Now since Charley has sold out and gone when he liquidated this thing, I bought this. Yama boughtthis from him. It was a fast deal. I was in Texas at the time.He hought the whole thing--the store, and then I came back and two years ago I b.ought this one from Yama. This part here because Ididn't want the grocery store or--?--- So I'm buying this now from him---?--- from Charley because he sold it anyway. Yeah, there's people that feel that I don't need their business, so they don't trade with me. And that's all right. I don't want all their
 NORMAN BOYD P AGE 3 9business anyway. I get my part of it. So I don't worry none . Huh !I been here too long for that.SG: You get much business from the tourists?NR: It all depends. Now last year I got more than I did this year. Andthe way I work the tourists--! get more girls, more ladies than Ido men. The ladies have to have their hair done once a week, you know, they---?---. So I do--1 get more of the owners and managers of motels here than any shop in town. As a matter of fact, I got the manager of the Pierson's, three girls from the desk at Ramada, the manager of this---?---, all come here to get their hair cut. So when a woman asks where to go, she tells them here. The first place they call is here. If I'm busy, they'll go somewhere else. And I've got three operators and so, it's not hard to keep those gals busy. When they're tied up, we have the girls call someplace else. I can't help that then. That's the way it is. But last year I got more tourist business than this year. I don't mean there has been less tourists, but there had been more getting theirhair done. I know because I haven't cut as much this year aslast. And I get it.SG: Any reason for this?NB: Yes, I do. I think because most of your tourists are travelingin trailers, and campers, and not staying in motels.
 NORMAN B.OYD P AGE 4 0SG: So there's a different type of tourist?NB.: That's right. I don't mean all of them are this way. B.ut you takea gal that's staying in a motel and eating in a restaurant. They've got to be cooked fa~ you know. But in a trailer, if you got a trailer, you go into a grocery store and buy some ham and bread,and eat under a tree, and so what? You see? You know yourself,on the road these trailers that you see, campers on the pickupsand that. You see more of those every year. It's cheaper, man.A guy stops in a motel today with his wife and kid, maybe he's gota couple of kids, it's going to cost him thirty or forty bucks a day. Figure it out--to eat and sleep, see. So they're buying or atleast renting campers. It's cheaper.SG: How many other beauty salons are there?NB: There's.--well, let's see. One, two, three, four--but mine's thebiggest. They're all one or two operator shops.SG: You mean there's five barb.er shops?NB:: Yes. There's five, five of us. And out of the five barber shops,there's two, four, six barbers. See, there's one barber here, there's one over there, there's two on Main Street. That shouldbe four, and there's two out here, six. Not counting--Carter closed his shop. One, two, four barb.er shops now. Carter had-one down- town, hut he's working out at M iller's--on M iller's ground. So
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 41SG:NB:SG: NB:there's two barbers out there where there was one, you see? And in the last thirty days, a couple of them down here. I forgot about them. So there are four barber shops and five, six barbers. Four barb.er shops and six barbers here.Is the town large enough to support this many?No.I wouldn't think so.It isn't. If I had two harbers in here besides myself, I could handle all of it. Reason: in a small town like this, half of your kids, the mannna cuts the hair. And you'd be surprised how manymannnas cut their husband's hair. I mean they save a couple of bucks with that. If there is a husband and three boys, and ifhe goes to the shop, it's going to cost him, two, six--let's see, that's three, four, five, six and a half dollars. Well, the old lady buys a pair of clippers from Sears or Montgomery Wards and b.uzz--that's what you've got to fight all the time. You can't beat that.JD: ---?--- if they---?---?NB.: I wasn't there, no. 'Cause, well, I don't know, I just like--I'm a loner. I like people. But when it comes to business, I'm the b.oss. If I want to close this joint up right now and go fish- ing, I can close it up and go fishing--without a partner, you know, or anyone.
 NORMAN B'OYD PAGE 42JD: You like the idea of being your own boss?NB: Right, right~ But that's all you get. Actually, in this day andtime, you're better off working for somebody else. I mean, figureit out.JD: Because of the money.NB.: You're better off. You're better off because you've got fringe bene-fits that you don't get for yourself when.you're working for yourself. You punch that clock at night and you go home and forget about it.All you can say is, "I'm the boss." You ain't much money. Youdon't have--I don't get no vacation. I mean if I do. I'm out of business. Take a vacation and I'm out of business. So I got that. But when you're working for somebody, you got a paid vacation, see. The only thing you can say is, "I'm the man." That's all there isto it. That's all the advantages now unless you're in a small business. In a small business, the way the tax is set up today, all the small business man can say is, "I'm the boss." Other than that, there'sno advantage to it.JD: And of course, that's important to a lot of people, like yourself. NR: So, I crawl along the b.ottom. ---?---, what the heck, I got threegals here with me.SG: What do you see as the future for Moab?NB~ I think tourists, man, tourists. I believe it's tourists. Mining,
 NORMAN BOYD P AGE 4 3yes. I see that it's going to have to be a two---?--- here, but mining is eventually going to play out. Now Utah in the future-- you say future, you mean twenty, thirty years, fifty years. Thereis so much out here like this potash. When they go to solution mining--that means wash it out with water, you know, put it intothe pits and all that jazz. I don't know, but anyway that's what happen. I don't know the ramifications of anything. The fundamentals I don't know, hut this is what they're doing. So they say, "Well,man. We've got enough to last for twenty-five years." Okay, in twenty-five years, then what's going to happen? That'll be gone now. Now in the meantime, are they going to find some more ore?Now these mines out here, uranium mines, won't last that long because there's so much ore in that ground and when it's gone, there ain't no more unless they find some more somewhere else, you know. So the future--what we're trying to do now is get small industry in here. Now whether we're going to work it out-- we've got a man---?--- Don Hoffman. Don Hoffman out here is in charge of the Industrial Relations Department here in the city.He is paid by the city and county together. His job is the encour- age husinesses to come in here, small business. We can't have a big business, I mean a small business. People that will employmayb.e fifteen to seventy-five people, mostly women. Like a sewing,
 NORMAN B.OYD PAGE 45or making shirts, or something like this. So that's what his jobis and he's working on it. That's all he does fulltime. Rightnow he's working on trying to get a dam up here in---?--- Creek,to dam the stream and make a reservoir up there where they could have boating and fishing and that would be recreation. So I believe the future of Moab., I would say, would be mostly tourist and re- creation land, and eventually a retirement place because this isan ideal climate here. Some have come for retirement. I'vegot a customer that worked for Paramount for years, Paramount Studios. He was a film editor, and you know, they make good money. They'rethe guys that make the movies, the editors. You know that. Theycut, man. And that's what he was. And he's retired, retired right here in Moab. He was here on a movie years ago and liked .it. So finally when he retired, he moved here and bought a house. He comes in here about once every two weeks in here. Paramount Pictures.JD: You think there is going to be more and more people coming in then for retirement?NB.: I think so, I think so. It's going to take a lot of work. It'sgoing to take a lot of publicity. It's going to take a lot of--w:ell, this guy here, this Hoffman, that's his job. The chamb.er of connnerce is very active here. They've got an active chamb.er of comm- erce. We meet every Tuesday and we have anywhere from thirty to sixty
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 46people there--businessmen. This year we have a lady president, Jackie Gilrose. But anyway, we've always had an active chamber. There are a lot of service organizations in this town. A lot of them--twenty-six, I think, for men and women. Like the Literary Club, and the Elks, and the Masons, and these kinds of groups, you know. The chamber of commerce, and the Toastmasters, and things like this, the Rotary, service clubs. I think there's twenty-six of them.SG: That's quite a few for a town this size.NB.: A real town, see. When I came here from Houston, and Houston'sa b.ig city, I said, "Man, I'm going out into the town, relax, and take it easy." You don't do that, man. I've been---?--- since I've b.een here. I get---?--- and washed up. I was the American Cancer Crusade Chairman for the Cancer Society of Grand County for seven years. Finally I had to resign last year because I just had too much to do. But I like that work.My job was to get that money together and send it upstate.National would pick up the money. Organize.SG: You think it's a natural thing in a small town for people to becomemore involved?NB.: I think it is, sure do, because you get lost in the city. In thecity you're just a distant number--a big city, you know. Sometimes
 NORMAN BOYD P AGE 4 7you don't know your next door neighbor. Here you pretty near have to. It's a mus.t, I b.elieve, for survival, to know who you're living with and who your next door neighbor is because you got tohave one another. There's not so much dog-eat-dog in a smallplace. You still have a leisure pace. Now I can get home inthree minutes. You don't have to fight those freeways. We look out at night and see the stars and the moon out there. Last picture they shot here was called Blue from Paramount. Terence Stamp .was the s:tar. He was ---?---. And I used to go out--1 was chairmanat that time of the movie committee, the Moan Movie Committee--go out to the airport and meet this airplane coming in with thesebigshots from Hollywood. And they'd get off the plane out here w.ith a b.ig box of Kleenex hanging off the side. "What's that for?""Man that's for the smog, to keep our eyes dry, and tears. You know they work in Hollywood." I say, "You can forget that here. You don't need it." And they were amazed. They look out and see the stars at night and they don't have to worry about no smog or fog. The b.iggest trouble we had here was trying to educate them into using the right film on the lenses.because the colors areso sharp compared to what they're used to even with their fakelighting.SG: Was there anything else that we haven't covered that you think we
 NORMAN BOYD PAGE 48NB.:should have?I don't know, man. Anything else I can think of? If you want to come back and ask me, I'll be glad to help you. Anything I can do. I don't know much, hut whatever I got, you can have. And there may be some--how long are you going to be here?Another two days.Yeah~ not quite.JD:SG:NB.: Well, there may b.e something. Where are you staying?JD: We're at Howard Balsley's apartment.NB.: Oh, you're staying over there. Well, I can get over to Howie. IfI think of something that might be pertinent to you fellows, ofinterest, I'll get in touch with Howard. S'G: Fine.NB,: And tell you to come over, and I'll give you anything else I have. SG: W ell, thank you very much.