 RAY R . REYNOLDS Fry Canyon, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUtah Uranium Oral History Project T ape No. UR-149August 11, 1970Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsAugust 11, 1970Tape #1:Early Jobs Mining . . .Other Colorado Jobs.Returning to Mining.Moab and Mining Uranium .... .Temple Mountain ........ .The Hideout Mine and Other Mines ........... 15 The Future of Uranium ................. 18 His Current Activities ......... . 201469 . . . 13
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH RAY R . REYNOLDS, CONDUCTED BY SUZANNE SIMON A T FRY CANYON, UT AH, ON AUGUST 11, 1970. [THIS IS PART OF THE UTAH URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE #1.]SS:RR: SS: RR: SS: RR: SS: RR:Well, why don't you start by telling me your name and how old you are and how you came to this country.Ray R. Reynolds.Go ahead, you don't have to wait for me.I was born in Stanford, Colorado, January 4, 1926. Is Stanford a mining area?No ma'am, it's a farming community.And did you grow up there?Until I was 15 years old, then I went into CT camp. I lied about my age and went into CT camp. I was there three years in Estes Park, Colorado. From there I went down into New Mexico to cut logs for a saw mill. I spent a year down there. After that I went back home, to Summitville, Colorado, to work in the gold mine. At first I was just helping, then I became a driller and we were shooting out gold. From there I went back home and worked in a turquoise mine, the only turquoise mine in Colorado.You don't say.I worked one summer there.How do you mine for turquoise? Well, how do you do it?SS: RR: SS:RR: Well we just pass the short steel. It comes in little
 RA Y R . REYNOLDSveins, and we use short steel and a small hammer andlittle taps on it, so we wouldn't shatter the turquoise. We just shoot enough rock away so we can take it out.SS: What part of the state was that in?RR: Ten miles east of Manasseh, Colorado.SS: And was it a very big mine or was it small?RR: It was just smal1, but that turquoise was cut. Iwould only get maybe a half powder box full a day, but when we start to figure karats on that, then there's quite a bit of money involved.SS: Well, let me ask you a little something about the gold mine you worked at in Summitville. Was that a real big operation?RR: It was a big operation, yes ma'am.SS: And did you live up there in the camp?RR: I lived up there. In fact, I got married while I wasup there and my wife moved up with me.SS: Oh, is that right? Was it a very isolated area?RR: It was isolated yes, it was high, approximately12,000 feet. SS: Wow!RR: At the timberline.ss: Did you stay in there all winter?RR: We stayed there all winter. In fact, it took us 52
 RAYR . REYNOLDShours going up to get through our mine up to our cabin, a bunch of snow, we had to walk about 3I4 mile. We had one man who would go make trails for a while, then another, the snow was so deep. We had to duck to go under the high lines. We had electricity.How cold did it get up there?It wasn't as cold up there as it was in Alamosa down in the valley. We had a thermometer, but usually it got about twenty degrees below. Alamosa is the coldest that I know of.That sounds like I should be back there, but twenty degrees below zero is pretty cold.It's cold enough.Cold enough. Was that a great big mine with shafts? It was a big mine. Nothing of shafts. It was always straight drift. I worked in the Reynolds mine--by theway, my name is Reynolds.Yeah, That was the name of the company that had it at Summitville, the gold mines.No, quite a few years ago T & Z Minerals.SS: RR:SS:RR: SS: RR:SS:RR:ss: Well when you were at Manasseh, after you left therewhat did you do?RR: I went to Alamosa and lived there and drove a truckfor the Oriental Oil and Refining Company. SS: And was there a mill in Alamosa?3
 RA Y R . REYNOLDSRR: There was a refinery, yesSS: A refinery, and what mineral were they working there?RR:SS: RR:SS:RR:The gold. I don't know what they used to do.Oh they had a refining company there. I drove the gasoline truck.Oh, oh, I'm sorry. Okay, I see.Interstate, I didn't go out of state. Once in a while I would make a little trip over into Carson, New Mexico just across the line.How was that job? Did you like it? Did you have very good roads to haul over?Yes ma'am, we had. It was all oil, most of it. I had one trip over---?--- Pass that was a gravel road and I broke an axle along with that. I gave away more gasoline that day--when I broke that axle on my truck, it started to roll back and I jackknifed it and two wheels of the trailer ran up on the bank and gas was running out the top. Every car, truck, anything else that came by, I'd fill them up withgasoline. I was running out on the ground anyway. Yeah, yeah. That was kind of an unexpected pleasure for them, I guess. Weren't you afraid it would catch fire?No.SS:RR:ss: How long did you work for them?4
 RAY R . REYNOLDSRR: About seven months, then I was drafted into the Army. SS: Where did you go for the military vacation?RR: I spent 5! weeks down in Camp Roberts,SS:RR:ss:RR:California, training 28 days, and in July I was shipped overseas, 35 months overseas, in theA siatic, South Pacific coast. When I was discharged it took me about a month to get home.That was quite a deal over there in Asia. So when you got back stateside did you get back into mining or what did you do?No ma'am, I went to work for the Colorado Farm Equipment Company as a mechanic, John Deere.Did you work on farming equipment or did John Deere ever make any other kind of industrial equipment? Most of my work was on tractors, John Deere tractors. I worked for Mr. Anderson who sent me to school in the morning. I came back and became a mechanic. Occasionally we had something to deliver, I don't know, the common tractor.And how did you like that compared to the truck driving or mining you had done before?I liked it. It got to the point to where I couldn't stay there anymore because I couldn't get along with one person they had in there. I went home for lunchone day and just stopped by my Uncle's and asked Bob 5ss:RR:
 RA Y R . REYNOLDSif he had a job open for me. He said, "Give Mr. Riley two weeks notice and then come up here and go to work."SS: So you went, then you did--RR: I went to work there at my uncle's.SS: And were you doing the same type of mechanic workthere?RR: Yes ma'am, both diesel and gasoline engines.SS: Wel1 now, were these the--were they track or wouldthey be one of the other kind with the--RR: John Deere was all three of the types. Mr. Anthony had the track kind. Well, we had both the wheel andthe track.SS: And did you do most of your work there in the shop orwere you kind of on call when somebody got introuble, got in trouble to go out and--RR: I was on call, when someone had trouble in the fieldI would take the pickup and go help them.SS: Well, did you ever get interested in mining again?RR: Yes ma'am, I--SS: How did that come about when you got switched overagain?RR: Well my wife and I had a little trouble and I justtook off.SS: Headed for the mines, huh?6
 RAYRR:SS:RR: SS: RR: SS: RR:R . REYNOLDSI headed back for the mines. I went to Climax, Colorado. From there I went into Horse Creek, Wyoming, from there to Butte, Montana, from Montana back into Utah, and I've been in Utah now 14 years. When you were--now I don't know all those mining areas which you mentioned; what minerals did you mine for? I would imagine at Climax it would be uranium.It's Climax Uranium, that was Climax Uranium. Oh.Climax Uranium.Oh.And Horse Creek, Wyoming they were mining land rock and I was along hole drilling in there 21 feet. They wanted that land shot out not less than 5/8's inch diameter and--but we stood up in the middle and drove a brick right through the middle, and then shot our machines one on each side. We drilled 21 feet in there and then the fog would come in and shoot, if they hadn't come to ---?--- That was the great Western Sugar Company. They used that lime rock to process the sugar.That's interesting. It must of developed some prettyss:big---?--- that way. RR: We did.7
 RA Y SS:RR:SS:R . REYNOLD SWhere were you wor ki ng, i n pretty stable ground or--Yes ma'am, it was good ground. We didn't have totimber it at all. It was good solid rock.When you came back to Utah, what kind of mining did you do?RR: Uranium. I don't know, when I came back to Utah I went to Lime Creek, down in South Canyon.SS: RR: SS:RR:Oh.I started to mine uranium, and a--Was that the first time you had done any uranium mining?From there I went back to Colorado, went to work for the Great Western, or for the--I'm wrong, it was the Chicago Mill and Lumber Company. I went to work for them welding. From there I went into New Mexico to a saw mill. Of course the mill burned down there and we built a new mill. I was just the maintenance, I kept the equipment running and then I had a little drag 1ine there I'd go down and cut the timbers with.Then I went to Carlsbad, New Mexico from there. I got busted in a car wreck and then in the hospital, and I married a dietician there--you see, I'll tell you my life history.SS:---?--- That's great.8
 RAY R . REYNOLDSRR: She was a dietician and I was only in there 14 daysand then I went home for a year, but she wrote to me every day. I'd write back every day. I couldn't work for a year. I went back to Carlsbad, New Mexico, went to work for Ray Robinson Construction. I hired out of the mechanic on the construction job.What kind of construction did they do?Mostly building mills, potash mill sites, and they had a lot of potash mills in there. They have a millin every mine and there are quite a few mines. Building new mills we had to terrace part of the ground. Anyways I was there 18 months, left there, went into Farmington, New Mexico, and worked for Eagle Wrecking. I didn't have much money left. I was using cutting torques there, just to cut metal, and went from there into Utah and then worked for the city of Moab for a year.Can you remember about what year this might have been?of Moab.ss: Was Moab full of--was it still in the boom time whenss: RR:SS:RR:SS:RR: No, I'm sorry, it was '57 when I worked for the city'53. '53?you were there?9
 RAY R . REYNOLDS RR: Yes.SS: RR:SS:RR:SS: RR:SS: RR: SS: RR: ss: RR:People all over?Yes ma'am, there were quite a few mines operating then. From there I quit the city and went at Polar Mesa and started back in the mines again. I was in Polar Mesa for 7 years.Is that right? There are some pretty good mines up there, aren't there?There are good mines up there; we shipped some good ore.What were some of the mines you worked up there? Elbis mostly, I worked partly up at Little mine, too, I got high grade ore out of there. I shipped a large percent of ore out of there.Is that Morrison or Sharon?It's Morrison.And did you have a pretty good sized channel?Yes ma'am.With ore, or--That was with shafts up there. I didn't work any of the shafts.SS: And what were you doing, were you drilling or--RR: Well I leased.SS: Oh, I see.RR: I worked for wages part of the time and I leased that10
 RAYSS:RR:SS: RR:SS:RR:SS:RR:R . REYNOLDSlittle incline on a 50/50 deal and let them--we didn't make a lot of money, but we made good wages. You were up there for seven years. When you left was it because the ore, the mines were worked out or just--Union Carbide shut the whole thing down. They said it would cost too much money to keep the roads open.Oh.I went back the next spring and took on another one at 50/50 wages there and that was the end.Tell me, how is the weather up there? Do you get a heck of a lot of snow up there?Not too much, I've stayed up there as long as 5 weeks at a time without going to Moab because of the mud and the snow. We always kept [such] a good supply of groceries that we even do it now.Did you have a trailer up there or did the company have housing of some kind?I had my own trailer. I bought four cabins up there. I only paid $500.00 for them. They were good to live in. Miners used to live in them. Then we had a cabinburn down. I lost everything I had except the diggersI was wearing.ss: Is that right, was anybody hurt? RR: No one got hurt.11
 RAY R . REYNOLDSSS: Oh, let's see. I was going to ask you about how manyRR:people were living up there. Was there a big campor--?Yes ma'am, let's see, there were twenty-two employees on one job this morning, and then Bill Harris, he had two men, Larry Shumway had two men, and then Bob Shumway had four men. I was working for him at the time and then Nickerson had a crew of six.So there were maybe 38 or 40 or something like that.I would imagine the mines were separated, but did you kind of group together to live or--?We didn't, they had a bunkhouse there for Bill's crew; they had quite a few buildings there and each guy had a place and a different cabin to live in. Two or three did not live together like I did down there, because they didn't--like a couple of guys lived with me down there because they didn't have a place to live. We just worked together that way as long as--- ?---Well you were up there a long time you said, seven years, and after you left where did you go?I went from there over to Long Park, Colorado and back to Polar Mesa for about 3 months and then I went over into Monogram in Colorado, from Monogram, and then Union Carbide sent us down there. Turner inSS:RR:SS:RR:12
 RA Y R . REYNOLDSMoab, I was [working for] before we were sent down there. I went back to Polar Mesa again.SS: You had that trail worn down smooth to Polar Mesa didn't you? And did you stay up there with---?---?RR: I only stayed there about 45 days and the lease ran out. We shipped some good ore out of there. We took a 90 term, but the first load wasn't more than 18, the lowest was 1.06.SS: For goodness sakes, did he ship it that way or did he use it to ---?---lower stuff.RR: No he shipped it that way. He had spent about $5,000 driving the drift in there. He wanted that $5,000 back and those three loads of ore, that 90 tons of ore, and he got his $5,000 back and let it drop. He high graded it.SS: And did he get an AEC bonus off of that, do you know? RR: Not off that, no ma'am. He didn't, that was after thebonus.SS: Oh, so when you exhausted that ore body, did you stayup on Polar Mesa or did you move off and on fromthere?RR: No, from there I went to Green River with LloydMeacham. We worked North Temple Mountain. We got somepretty fair ore out of there.SS: That North Temple Mountain ore has a lot of lime in13
 RAYRR: SS:RR:SS:RR: SS:RR:ss:RR: ss: RR:R . REYNOLDSit, doesn't it?It doesn't have much lime attached to it---?---I mean, they had quite a time till they got to where they could process that ore, didn't they?It was hard to process, had too much---?--- in it. Do you know about what your ore that you mined out of there assayed?It was approximately 27/100 on an average.And did they get docked for any for the other minerals that were in it?No ma'am, we got docked for a 1ittle moisture, but they could only recover about 75%.And did they get paid on the recovery or on the assay?We got paid on the recovery.Were you there for quite a while?I was in Green River 5 years, but one of those years was down in Cedar Rim Canyon. Lloyd asked me to go down there and run a mine. I went down there. We took pretty fair ore out of there. I took as high as 125 out of there. It's small ore, just little streaks, but it cost too much to mine it. We had to move toomuch weight to get a little bit of ore, so we movedout of there and back to Temple Mountain.SS: Altogether there was a lot of ore taken out of Temple14
 RAY R . REYNOLDSMountain, wasn't there?RR: Yes ma'am. There's still a lot of ore there on South Temple, but Union Carbide has it all tied up. Mrs. Ecker, Grandma Ecker in Hanksville. She has the royalty coming out of there, about 15% of everything that's mined on the South Temple.SS: RR:SS:RR:SS: RR:SS:RR:SS:Do you know of that, is there a production mill?I don't know. I haven't been over there for quite awhile.And, well, you were in Green River, and in and out of Temple Mountain for 5 years. Where does that put you up to, or where did you go from there?I went from there to Moab and kind of laid around for a couple of months and then went back to--Jim Buck brought me up here to the Four Aces Mine.And did you mine, do mining work there?Yes ma'am, I did strip mine for the Four Aces for copper.There are a couple of reduction plants that are out here, is the ore in that Four Aces the same process? Yes ma'am, I spent some time up at the Hideout mine. I spent one winter up there. We took some good copper from there. It runs approximately 70% I should say.I didn't realize the Hideout had that much copper in it.15
 RAY R . REYNOLDSRR: There is some. We took this, you might say, from thesurface. We started right, we started digging on the surface. We shot out quite a room down there. In fact, we shot our powder house one time.SS: What time?RR: Nothing, just some rocks fel1 in there. We got tooSS: RR:ss:close, you see. We didn't use ---?--- to get our exact directions on it. We shot, and there was only about a foot there between the powder house and the one on those mines, so we moved the powder.I guess it was fun.Those two rocks fell in there and so we sure moved our powder.I guess if you had of shot into it you would have wiped out half of the mountain.RR: Oh, I don't think so--ss: No?RR: Powder isn't so dangerous if you know how to useit. Drop it into a box of powder and tear it off and it'll fall apart and it wouldn't explode. Shoot it with a bullet and it will. I used to take old powder there on Polar Mesa and gather up powder for that mine, take it out and stand out with my rifleand shoot it and it would always explode.SS: Well I guess there's not any doubt when you hit it,16
 RA Y R . REYNOLDSit lets you know. Oh, did you--well, you worked in the Four Aces over there and then over in the Hideout. Are there any other mines in this area around here that you worked in?RR: No. I worked in a mill up there in the Hideout and Four Aces in North .6. We did drive a drift.SS: Where is North .6? I don't think I've heard of that one.RR: That's just 6 miles along [Highway] 95, where that cabin sits up there. The mine is up North Canyon.SS: Was that primarily copper or uranium?RR: A little bit of both, but it wasn't good copper andnot enough uranium in it, really to show, so they shut it down. They're islands, what we call islands. That was a bust outfit to doing with. Caterpillar come with a loader. We finally drilled and shot those islands and checked that in here for the mill. That turned out to be pretty good ore, but there wasn't too much on the ground.ss: Well now correct me if I'm wrong, but I understand that in order for this leaching process to work like they got it here, you have to have oxide copper.RR: Yes ma'am.SS: It's just been exposed. RR: I think so.17
 RAY R . REYNOLDSSS: So I guess you can find good ore, I mean copper oreRR:that you can strip mine that's not too deep.It does. Copper seems to run in clay and it had to be shot clean. The clay won't go through this mill because it plugs it up on the classifiers and such as that. Then we have pipes running through there with holes in them. We use acid and water and that clay will not dissolve. It will plug those holes in those pipes.Well who did this? Was it a leaching? What do youcall it, a plant of what? Okay, was it pretty successful?The highest one, but they had people running it that didn't know what they were doing. I won't mention names on that. They just didn't know anything about the mill. They had a boss up there that spent a lot of money and didn't get any recovery trying to run itwithout acid one thing or another. It doesn't work. How long has that been closed down?About 2 months now---?---.I was just wondering--just barely missed them. Well, I've asked a lot of other people this question, and I'll ask you too. I think that one person's guess is as good as another, but what do you think the future of this area, the uranium in this area is going toSS:RR:SS: RR: SS:18
 RAY R . REYNOLDSbe?RR: I think in another year things are looking up. ISS:RR: SS:RR:SS: RR:believe that it will be better than it is now. It's got to the point to where the price of uranium went down, the mill won't pay the trade like they used to. The government used to pay $6 a ton freight on it. We did for the Hideout, and you have to ship good ore inorder to pay money, the expenses and freight.Well now most of these operations--excuse me, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. You go ahead.Go ahead.These operations that are in the area now, they seem to keep them fairly small and work a fairly small crew. Why is that, to keep the cost down or--?To keep the cost down. A lot of ore that is left doesn't run more than 20 to 25 ounces in the Hideout, anyway. The mining expense and the freight on it you can hardly afford to mine it.Do you have any idea, is the Hideout operating now? No ma'am. There were a couple of guys up there, I understand they left. Jim came in the other day and said they were gone. They did get a little ore out, but they didn't get--they couldn't make any money out of it, so--Just how many and what mines are--could you see any 19ss:
 RAY R . REYNOLDSore right now around here?RR: Happy Jack, and let's see here, Bob Hancock is producing a lot.SS: And those are the only two around here now?RR: The only two that I know about. Of course, half of these minerals [companies are] trying to get something going in them, but they have a lot of workSS:RR: SS:RR: ss: RR:SS: RR: ss: RR:SS:to do before they produce--Well, real fine. I think I've run out of questions.Is there something else you would like to ask?Not much I can add to it.There's one thing we haven't talked about--well, let's see, do you remember what year it was that you came down here or how long you've been mining and-- Do you mean Fry Canyon?Y eah, Fry Canyon.Well I came down last spring. By the way, I haven't told you--Oh.I worked last summer up on Jacob's Chair there.Oh really, mining up there?Yes ma'am, we a drove a little drift in there. I wasworking for the--oh, I can't even think.Oh, It'll come to you in a minute. Well, did you find any ore up there?20
 RAY R . REYNOLDSRR: We found a little, but that was just a promotionSS: RR:SS:RR:SS: RR:SS:RR: SS:RR:deal.Oh yeah.They wanted one layer of ore out of there so they could claim it was a convincing mine.And did they do pretty good, I mean did they raise the capital, do you know?They raised the capital all right. I had a heck of a time getting my money out of there. In fact, I had to turn it over to the industrial commission. Theycollected it for me.Did they pay you in stock?I can understand that. They didn't have enough money to pay their labor. I didn't want any stock in it. Have you known many of these promotional schemes that have come out here and done real good and made some money at it?I know one, but I'd better not put it on tape.All right. This would have been in the last--say a year and a half or so, huh?How far will that tape go is what I mean. We set the load out of the Hideout and it was supposed to come from Jacob's Chair--that was promotion. We might have got two thousand dollars for that load of ore.SS: That's bringing it in. Well, I was going to ask you 21
 RAY R . REYNOLDSif you have done any prospecting on you own?RR: Yes ma'am, I have.SS: Out here in this area or in other places?RR: Well, most of it up around Polar Mesa.SS: Did you stake anything that turned out well for you? RR: I didn't stake anything. I got looking at the mapsand went to the courthouse and found out that Union Carbide already had it tied up. I have helped Lloyd Meacham in Green River. I think we were coming in from Fort Falter one evening and Lloyd said, "Let's talk, to stake a couple of claims." He always does, but---?--- when they made out the papers he thought he was---?--- out he sold a little two claims for a hundred dollars a claim. I was in Green River one day and one of them said, "Come on down to the house, Ray, I've got a check for you." He had a check for me $66.66. It only took us an hour to stake the darn things.SS: Well that's a pretty good hour's work, isn't it? Well, okay, that's all I had to ask. I thank you for taking time to talk to me and for the information.RR: I'm a little stinky today. I got kind of drunk yesterday. I helped you to the best of my ability.ss: Well, that's real fine, thank you. [END OF INTER VIEW]22