 ERNIE GORDONGrand Junction, Colorado Tape No. 96An Interview by Richard Gibbs and Greg BrolinJuly 8, 1970.American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsVernon Pick's Mine. 1 AEC's Role on the Colorado Plateau. 8 Early Years of Exploration. 14 Reflections on Time Spent at AEC. 17
 F O L L O W I N G GORDON'S DA TE I SI S A N I N T E R V I E W W I T H E R N I E G O R D O N . WE A R E A THOME I N GRAND J U N C T I O N , COLORADO AND 1 9 7 0 . THE INTER VIEWERS ARE RICHARD THIS I S PART OF THE URANIUM HISTORYT H EMR.THEGIBBS AND GREG BROLIN. SERIES. [TAPE #2]S I S T E R ' S JUL Y 8 ,GB: Mr. Gordon, first of all we'd like to thank you for letting us talk to you again. Over the years---?--- the AEC officials. One such case in point has to do with Vernon Pick's mine. What are your feelings about this?EG: Finally realizing that others were doing the checking anyway, I started a check of my own and after that we knew within, over the airborne investigation at the time Lee questioned my ---?--- and he did some checking and he was very, very anxious to protect the good man's money. Myself, why I've known human beings and had by then for many, many years. But Vernon Pick knows. You would like to hear what he has to say about it, and he told me a very straightforward story. When he came off the plateau first, he checked with an AEC man, Hal Laser, I believe, about areas to prospect. Hal showed the area south of the swell. There's a pretty good place maybe. In fact I saw it and thought maybe I'd run out there myself someday, if I needed income tax deduction and waste uselessexploration, to little Wild Horse Mesa. At that time it was way out beyond the beyond as far as communications go. And what Vernon told me was that
 ERNIE GORDON #2he had been prospecting out there and suddenly heard a plane buzzing around in the distance and said this plane would show up above the rim, would go down and pretty soon come up, turn around and go back and come up. So he says, "Well, those fellows are probablyflying the rim with scintillometers." He said to himself, "I think I'd better check." So he lined up, this was on the landmarks beyond our rim to guide himself getting over there. So he started over there and in the course of a day or two he got on top of the rim and couldn't get back down right where he had lined things up. But he finally found a way down the rim. I'm repeating what he told me as I remember it. When he prospected back where he had zeroed in on more or less the center of this activity, he found nothing. He decided since he was there and it looked like pretty good sandstone, he might as well prospect along the rim. And few miles farther along he discovered the Delta Mine and really what was called the Delta at that time, Hidden Splendor later. That was the story Vernon Pick told me. I would mention after following this story that there was no other anomaly around the rim anywhere approaching the size of the anomaly the AEC claimant had found. For miles in any direction they had nothing that would either2
 ERNIE GORDON #2remotely approach the anomaly there which you could get of course afterwards. Anyway, when they started mining you could still pick it up the minute you got there from rock that was open. That's the story and I kind of believe Vernon Pick on this. I've heard our area man, I believe he was called then, was a ladnamed Mel Swanson. I have gotten to know him though I did not know him. He left maybe a year after I came out--maybe sooner. But I believe his story. I've been told that some federal agency was checking his bank account and possibly they still are. But I think Vernon Pick is a man who knows how to hold on to a dollar anyway, so I think that would be wasted effort. One thing, amongst our boys, a few said, "Well, why did Mel never get angry when somebody kidded him about this?" Well, I can't explain that. Mel was a boy, not excitable in any case, and I thought pretty level-headed. Now there's another story in connection with that. Someone else has told me, I'm not sure who now, that a friend of his saw Vernon Pick way down around White Canyon someplace at the time all this was supposed to be going on. I doubt it. What we do know is, that when he was coming out, going down the Dirty Devil, as is called the creek there, and our follow-up ground crew was going3
 ERNIE GORDON #2into the area, he stumbled upon our camp, and, I believe, slept that night in the camp of our ground crew, who was going in to check out the anomaly. All this is hearsay. That is all I know about it. Form your own conclusions.Do you think there were any other incidents involved.RG:EG: Well, some instances. I mentioned the other day thatone of our men who was placed on withdrawal was going to make, planning to make in the general area of White Canyon somewhere around the Happy Jack country, farther south I believe, and this map he was in charge of showed up in the hands of one of the local mine managers who promptly brought it to the AEC and our security people passed that on and the engineer under question was given, to whom it was tied, John Kellogg, was given a suspended sentence, five years suspended sentence--something of that sort. John felt that he was being hounded for one mistake. This is one case. We had another man who worked also in the same general area, who left about the time I came, within two months of that time and a little later when we were checking claims in the area we found out that there were claims in the White Canyon/Red Canyon area somewhere either in the names of some of his family or in the names of some of his very close4
 ERNIE GORDON #2friends. One accusation we used to hear was that some of our boys were suspected of passing information on to some of the contractors' employees and these contractor employees would get a friend to come in and stake. However, we never tied anything down like this. The FBI had an office here in Grand Junction. I don't recall when I first met Harold Moss who was in charge, a fine fellow, now a local judge. But so far as I can recollect there was never any evidence. This seemed in most cases, other than the cases I've mentioned seemed to be really maliciousness. Conversely, one area around Cameron there was a lot of talk about this. This also happened before I came here, and two men both pretty well known and fairly well established were mentioned in connection with this. But there nobody ever turned up anything concrete. Part of it certainly was malicious gossip. I recall meeting one of these fellows in a restaurant at Green River or the junction north of Moab one night and told him to sit down where I and somebody else were seated. I said, "Come and sit down." He said, "I am surprised that you would dare to be talking to such a man as I." I told him I didn't carewhat people said about him. I didn't know anything particularly bad about him and that was all. The man5
 ERNIE GORDON #2had money. Some mining group of his mining holes that he and his partner turned up with around Cameron. ButI still don't know. I know our men had been working in that area or at least one of them, but other than that I have nothing, no dope on it. And one of the men to this day is a good friend of mine. I don't think he'd do anything unethical. Ethics are queer things.GB: Would the person you're referring to be Reverend George Morehouse?EG: Yes. Hell of a fine fellow. I like him very much and if he did a thing like that I could forgive him for it.GB: After this, after the Vernon Pick incident or, you know, whatever really happened, did the AEC, did the government or the AEC institute the policy of having the employees sign a one year agreement not to enter the uranium business on their own?EG: I don't recal1 any such agreement myself. To me it was never necessary. Almost every man that left in my time would come and ask me if it would be all right for him to work for so an so and so forth. I bore down on the ethics of a man. I still remember Charlie Steen, he came and asked my permission to offer one of my men, Mike Dix a job. I gave him the permission.6
 ERNIE GORDON #2There was no collusion or anything else in there. The man was a good geologist and a good head and this would strengthen the industry--my opinion on that. And undoubtedly some of the promotional element people particularly were circulating around in drovesin the early days. Many of them wanted to hire AEC men thinking they could get extra special private information. But there wasn't so much of that. Any information we had any good geologist could get if he went out and looked at an area. This is the thing that the people who don't understand well directedeffort fail to comprehend. But I encouraged my men not to work in the same area that they had been working for the government. I always told them I would appreciate it if they stayed out of that area for some time until any specific and private knowledge they might have, let me say restricted, that we wouldn't give to the public would have lost it's immediate usefulness. And I think most of the men followed that. A few did not.RG: As you saw it what was the AEC's reason for being on the plateau, or was it just to discover new deposits or, well, just what was your conception of the AEC's role on the Colorado Plateau?EG: Well, to find out, to ascertain whether there existed 7
 ERNIE GORDON #2enough uranium to support a strong productive industry, and second to help industry help us establish such a position once it became feasible, as we knew it was by 1952 and probably sooner, at least had good ideas. By late '52 we knew there was a lot of uranium to be found. The main thing was the country's need for more uranium. We had to be selfsufficient. At least the powers that be in Washington felt we had to be self sufficient. Or at least as much so as possible. And if not in this country at least in the free world. Most known uranium in the states existed on the Colorado Plateau and therefore the effort was made. The strongest effort was made there. When you're looking for elephants go to elephant country. This is something we used many a time and many a young geologist heard that statement from the Survey and from us. The best place to go is where there's already been ore.GB: When you came to the Colorado Plateau, took over your division of the AEC and started your reorganization, was primary the reason behind the organization, the reorganization and several of the other things that occurred, the fact that the AEC's changing view of the uranium reserves?EG: I cannot state of my own knowledge, by inference in 8
 ERNIE GORDON #2part, yes. First, the reason was that the then exploration branch had a chief and an assistant chief both of whom resigned sometime effective in June of that year. This was the precipitating reason for my coming out. At the same time before I came out I had been told to look the outfit over with the view to helping them reorganize a little bit. Final, what we may call less immediate quick ore finding techniquesalone stretched things out to begin looking farther into the future although many of the men there were already looking long into the future. But it wasn't quite as evident in the program possibly as it might have been. In fact, definitely and in the execution. In the early days of anything, you have there possible a form not quite crystallized. You don't know what crystal system is going to come out of there and you have to leave a certain amount of latitude until you find out where your greatest effort must be. So you just have to build a little potential and test the potential energy which has to be converted into kinetic energy or the "do" energy later on. And it was in about that stage when it was my fortune to come here. They had picked up, they had obtained enough information and by drilling fairly closely around ore bodies and semi-blocking out the9
 ERNIE GORDON #2ore bodies by drilling so far as you can by drilling, with all this information about the time I came, it was possible to say, "Well, now we don't have to drill out every ore body. We can semi-drill out every one in three," as we had filled the ore holes on a wide spread drilling pattern depending on how the pattern looked we would adjust. We would offsetinstead of offsetting closely all three holes, we'll offset them at some distance, at a greater distance informally and if we happen to be lucky and find ore on both offsets they underfeed on either side of a five hundred feet spacing hole, then we might come in the opposite direction and offset a hundred feet north, and a hundred feet south as well as a hundred feet east and west. And if we were in a formation where ore bodies only tended to be a hundred feet long then we would come in and drill intermediate holes. In the old days, from late '52 on, we tried not to do that. We felt that we didn't have to anymore. So we did have to change things around. Also we had to get a little bit more what we would call the long-haired geologist type in. We had to get them in. The boys who would think a lot as well as just the bird dogs or the strict ore finders and ore developers. A good geologist would find ore and a10
 ERNIE GORDON #2good engineer could come in at that stage and do the rest of the development. To find it is the thing and this was our success ultimately, the ultimate potential of the entire area, entire United Statessome day. Of course we haven't come to that yet. And too, so these, the flux was gradually on. And I ' 11 mention there were political considerations. I assume, semi-hearsay. Some of the Congressman would call Jesse Johnson up and ask some rather embarrassing questions. Any fool can ask a question that a wise man can't answer, but a semi-informed man can ask some of the silliest questions you ever saw. And it was rather hard for a man who was a civil servant to answer to someone who may be politically inclined, especially if you don't know the person, you can't give them anything other than facts, but you don't know what's going to happen to those facts. So with questions coming in as the uranium industry was getting larger, more people were getting interested, I sensed, we had a little pressure, indirect as far as I was concerned of this sort corning in. We had none, it's easy to sit someplace on the sidelines and say, "Oh, they should do that. Oh, they should do this." Sunday morning quarterbacking. We suffered from a lot of that. We also made great11
 ERNIE GORDON #2efforts to get out and let the public know. When Shelton Wirthlin came in as manager of the operations office, sometime in the next few months, certainly well within the next year, he took me and two or three others out and we toured around the plateau and had meetings in the different towns with thetownspeople and prospectors and let them fire any questions they wanted at us. We had to be very up there. Too bad some of that wasn't televised, but we did our best and I think this helped a lot. We had many, many people coming to us for advice or guidance all the time. Normally we would, any information we had on an area if it were published we would see to it that they got a copy of it, and we would discuss it with them, or I would have the man who knew the area well discuss things with them--always in a general way. He could not give specific information to one man to the possible detriment or to give him an undue advantage over others. We had to be careful. I think I got off the beam a little bit there, but the main thing is the program changed by itself. Aswe learned more we were able to extend our knowledge, and we were able to estimate more precisely what there was, extend our horizons is actually what we were able to do, and as we were able to we did it. It12
 ERNIE GORDON #2became a definite part of our policy to, not to do anything that industry would do. In fact, at times not to do anything that we could get industry to do. Always honestly, we didn't try to cheat anybody intogoing in and drilling a questionable area just to find out anything. But we watched. By 1955 we had men who collected all the geologic information just by going to private operations, getting their data and collating it and from that data making something that they could pass on to the general form for the whole area, for sometimes a whole region, all the information. The companies, by and large, cooperated quite well with us. Some of our boys were too eager and undoubtedly asked questions that they shouldn't ask and particularly with the small outfit that was partially dependent on selling stock if their drill holes would find what we call mineralization instead of ore. Mineralization was a euphemism for something that looked, for presence of uranium but not good enough to mine. If this is all they were finding they didn't want our boy to come in and let that information out to somebody else because then they couldn't sell any stock because there wasn't enough money to drill a few more holes and find out if this mineralization is going to lead to ore or not. We had13
 ERNIE GORDON #2that sort of a thing going on all the time. Finally in '56 our major efforts were, from '57 on were to go over, assaying the potential of these complete areas. We had enough experience to begin to do that. But what it is now I don't know. I know they still have teams who are charged with finding out all they canabout the newest developments and what they mean interms of possibilities for future development.RG: Then would you term the early years then of exploration just trying to find specific ore bodies, just, that's what they were trying to do, just tofind ore itself?EG: I can't really say because certainly some of the menwho were in charge of the projects before I came out here, certainly were looking toward the longer view. In fact this little, my notes on what Dick Fisher had to say as early as April, 1952, show that the Survey was already in this field. We felt that at that time the AEC would do more of the short range work and the Geologic Survey would do the longer range work-- looking toward the future; the more distant the future with the more information they got. Our idea was to come in and rough out ore and on an expanding basis by which I mean do less roughing out of ore as time went on and making each drill hole, each foot of14
 ERNIE GORDON #2drill hole count for a little more in knowledge and eventually in more eventual ore. In the early days we might get, say, a pound and a quarter of uranium perfoot of a hole drilled, something and but there would be no more drilling on there. There would be enough drilling done so that the person felt pretty sure that there was an ore body and they would just go in and start to mine it. And they wouldn't do anymore drilling until they began to run short of ore, but later we stretched our drilling patterns out so that maybe this figure would come down to a pound per foot or a pound for   feet if you wish, but private industry would then come in and fill in our patterns and they would add for their own drilling an additional two or three pounds per foot. I have a study written up for that someplace, might be able to find it for you. But you see this saved all the public's, the whole public's money so that the man that was gaining the advantage of it was having tospend some of it, too, to finish things up. We were able to do this and we were pound of that fact. I believe we drilled fifty feet to find so many pounds of ore, and, speaking again in generalities, then industry would come in and then they could drill it with twenty-five feet they could find maybe twice as15
 ERNIE GORDON #2much ore as we found with fifty. Because they had the advantage of greater knowledge through the work we had done earlier. When we developed the thing outcompletely in the old days or almost developed it out--in the new days we didn't have to develop so much because we knew once we found maybe an ore penetration, other people would be glad to come in. There were more risk takers and more eager risk takers in 1953 than there were in 1951. So we utilized that fact. Saved the public's money.RG: You consider that the AEC was successful, I mean your conception of what their duties were on the Colorado Plateau?EG: Y ou're speaking of exploration?RG: Yes.EG: Definitely so. It was very successful. Proof of thepudding is in the eating. I mentioned the other day when we disbanded the exploration effort the last part of 1957 over a hundred men went out in the cold cruel world. Everyone of them had a job to go to. And I could tell you two or three who had five or six or more. Everyone of those men could tell it. Two or three had to go pretty hard to find something for--to find where there might be a vacancy but they all had a job to go to. I don't think they all kept those16
 ERNIE GORDON #2jobs. I know one ended up as a bartender in Aspen last time I saw him. I don't know where he is now, but he tended that way anyway. But most of the men-- no. We had a lot of good men.GB: That's all the questions I really had to ask you. Is there anything you I d like to add that you haven't been asked about the AEC, the AEC exploration program, or just anything in general about the uranium industry during the early period?EG: If we had one cross to bear it was the belief on the part of many of the people on the fringes of uranium, of the industry that we knew much more than we let on that we knew. This is not the case. Geologic theory and what we knew in general geology was subject to free discussion with anyone who came in and we held back nothing. The only thing we would not give would be to give a third party specific information regarding ore grade, or even opinions regarding the opinion of any one other person's property. We did not do this. A clever interrogator could worm things out by indirect approaches, certainly, but our men were very good. There were a few cases where possibly somebody gave out more information than he should and knowingly, but I never was able to find one and weand apparently had most of our boys realizing if they 17
 ERNIE GORDON #2give information to someone whom they shouldn't, that someone would be the last man in the world who would hire them because he'd know they'd turn around and do the same thing when they were on his payroll. This isa rather easy point of view to get across. So that after the incident with the maps on this one withdrawal I mentioned awhile ago, after that incident I don't recall any case that we seriously suspected any man of doing, well, for one taxpayer that he wouldn't do for another. We had an accusation or two I believe on one of our men down in Grants and maybe on it now. This was after the man left. Somebody felt that he had done something he shouldn't have. I don't recall what it was. We did a lot of checking and this went elsewhere before it got to me anyway, and I rather felt someone was trying to smear us at this particular instance. Certainly they never proved anything about the man; never even made any allegations that I could see which would hold much more water than a sieve. The man continued working in the same general area. I don't recall the number of present vice presidents of different companies that used to work for the AEC. There's quite a lot. I shouldn't name any specific ones because there are probably a dozen others that I don't recall. In order18
 ERNIE GORDON #2to be safe I went to play safe. We had a good outfit, good men, and proof of the pudding is somebody found the stuff. I can show you some figures here I think- --?--- apropos of what I'm saying here. I think I have some scrawled down someplace.RG: Okay. Thank you very much then Mr. Gordon. [END OF TAPE]19
 ERNIE GORDONGrand Junction, ColoradoAn Interview ByRich Gibbs and Greg BrolinUranium History Series Tape No. 95July 28, 1970Mariott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsBackground. 1 How Large Finds Changed Industry . . 24 Type of Ground Work Done by Geologists 28 Private Exploration vs AEC Explorations. 39 Methods of Ore Sampling. . . . . . 43 Problem of Disequilibrium. 47 Why Mexico and South America were so Intriguing. 51 Exploration and Drilling Making or Breaking a Miner. 52 Were Geologists Bribed? . . 54
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH ERNIE GORDON ON JUL Y2 8 , 1 9 7 0 . THE INTERVIEW WAS CONDUCTED S I S T E R ' S HOME I N GRAND J U N C T I O N , INTERVIEWERS ARE RICHARD GIBBS AND GREG P ART OF THE URANIUM HISTOR Y S E R I E S .AT MR. GORDON'S COLORADO. THE BROLIN. THIS I SGB: Mr. Gordon, Richard Gibbs and I would like to begin first by thanking you for inviting us over to talk to you today. Could you give us a little bit of your background?EG: Well, I was born back east in Westwood, Massachusetts, went to MIT, graduated there in geology in 1921, went to the University of Arizonafor a master's degree in '22. In between I worked underground in Bunker Hill and Sullivan up in Kellogg, Idaho. Decided I preferred the Southwest or Latin countries. Pretty soon I was working in Mexico. Worked there for many years. One of the first seven or eight years I was there I worked basically as a geologist a little while and then as mining engineer and finally got into operations which is what my proper field is. And in 1930 I was lucky enough to pick up a job as superintendent of a small silver- gold mine in the state of Jalisco. And I stayed with that company eleven years until mineral depletion of mines, actual depletion, not tax depletion--means a lot--and I got a hail to go over to Africa for some Anglo-American interests, the Sweeney outfit. They were originally a Coeur D'Alene family and had a
 E R N I EGORDON # 1connection with the American Smelting and RefininginCompany with whom I had worked from 1925 to 1930, Mexico. And one of their top New York engineers, who I had worked for, still remembered me. Afterwards hereferred me to Sweeney when he wanted a man for African property. So I worked on the Gold Coast of Africa. Came back in the middle of the war, thought I was going into the service. But then I got over here and then the service said, "OhI you'd do better to devote your mining talents to mining strategic minerals. This was at the time they were turning loose anybody who studied mining anywhere, because they were short of miners at Anaconda and other properties, copper mining basically. For some reason or other they decided I'd better go back to the mining. Although I'd come over with the promise of a commission in the army when I left Africa. So I went back to Mexico for the American Smelting and Refining Company again and stayed with them until the war was over. Then I went to London and Africa and postwar London was pretty rough so I cast it off and I found a new connection in Bolivia with the ---?--- interests. I went there and spent three years and r was in famous old property, the Potosi Mine. This is the big silver mine that really started off the2
 ERNIE GORDON #1grandeur of Spain. Over a billion ounces of silver came out of that mine, had many ups and downs. About a hundred years ago it turned into a tin mine, the rare geologic traces of a color scope of a low temperature and high temperature deposits together. And it was producing a lot of tin, we were turningout about a million bucks worth of tin a month. Bolivia was rather rough in 1947 to 1950. They were killing some of our American engineers and other engineers at other tin mines during which troubles my mine kept operating. I was just 1ucky. They nearly killed my mine superintendent once. Yet when I walked into that mob, I had them laughing in five minutes. I don't know how, don't ask me. So that's an aside. I shouldn't be going into that. But I left there in 1950, after all eleven to fourteen thousand feet when you're about fifty years of age, too, all you have to do is study the lessons of the past, you see so many other men that have been there for a long time andthey seem to pass away before their time, so forth. So I thought, enough is enough. I finished out my three years. So I came back and was going out on my own, but my wife was used to a payroll. She kept encouraging me to do something and that conditionedmy thinking. So in June that year, let's see, 1951, 3
 ERNIE GORDON #1Wes Boray I had met in Bolivia said this geologist was coming, he's now a vice president of Utah Construction, come across my name in a bunch ofBureau of Mines stuff back in Washington, and thought that I would be a good man to get over there and help them on some of this defense minerals stuff that was a result of the Korean War. So he worked to get me a job back there that I took, and because I knew something about tin, why, uranium happened to fall in my lap just put me in connection, in contact with AEC employees, and a two or three times they asked me if I would like to work for them and after about ten months I came along working for them in New York City as a mining engineer. The whole world was a field, so to speak, to study uranium to see what could be done of boosting production here, there, and elsewhere. This appealed to me. Shortly after I accepted this job, their branch chief and his assistant out here in Grand Junction decided to leave the AEC and they sent me out here to take the place. I was the only man they had at that time, they said, with managerial experience. So I came out and in charge of exploration on the plateau which was the main part of the AEC exploration. Main part I say because the Colorado Plateau was where then and now the largest4
 ERNIE GORDON #1U.S. uranium deposits existed. That's the way I came out.GB: Do you remember what year that was?EG: Yes, I came out here, to look at the place, this wasin 1952, and I first came out must have been in April for a short visit just to look the operations over here. Then I was sent out in charge, I believe the date was the seventh of July, 1952. In first of December, thereabouts of the same year they formed an operations office and sent Sheldon Winfin as manager of that operations office. Prior to that I had been independent just attached to the local office for services. Then I had one of these queer situations, I had to answer to Mr. Winfin administratively and yet on the technical program I had to answer to Philip Merritt back in New York. Sometimes caused me to do a little thinking about personal loyalty. Of course my loyalty had to be Merritt and I stayed with it all the way through as I'm sure Phil Merritt will tellyou. He's a man you should see by the way.GB: Do you know where he's at?EG: He has a consulting office in Salt Lake. I'11 lookhis address up if I can for you later. Phil is a fine fellow . He commanded tremendous respect from me. A ll the exploration that he's done, and I'm a man who's5
 ERNIE GORDON #1been around the world an awful lot and Phil will do to take along, I can tell you that. He's a Ph.D. I believe from Minnesota. A good geologist. He left the commission about the end of 1954. Bob Mines took his place. Bob had been the deputy assistant director of the raw materials division in charge of exploration worldwide. However, when I came out here in '52, we had a geologic staff and some engineering and some technical, around a hundred people, AEC employees. Possibly that many others working for contractors because the AEC always would give as much as possible to outside contractors. They had a wonderful group of young men, a lot of turnover because you were in boom times out here in a sense. Private industry was always coming in trying to get somebody away and other people are coming in saying, "That fellow told so and so something he wouldn't tell me." This sort of thing all the time. It was rather amusing. In fact some of the people got hectic in the proper sense of the word hectic. But we had to do a little reorganizing. Up to that time there had been no greatdiscoveries made say until the late spring of 1952. Vernon Pick's mine was found then and a month or two months later, I believe early in July, Charlie Steen made his discovery. I could tell you, you probably6
 ERNIE GORDON #1heard many times. I won't bother to repeat it now. Especially when the tape recorder's going. I would refer you to an article that's in Time that I understand Charlie Steen had okayed, must have been published in 1953, a year to a year and a half after he made his discovery. This is the version in there,as I understood it at the start. I happened to be very close by here when he made his discovery and very close to the Jack Mable's discovery of the Jack Pile Mine in Grants, New Mexico, west of Grants, changed the whole face of the situation. These three big discoveries altered the picture in that they brought home to many people that there was more uranium out here than some had been disposed to believe up to that time. It also caused some changes, that's for sure, in the AEC program. When I first came out and prior thereto the U.S. Geological Survey had been doing a lot of drilling mainly in the Uravan Mineral Belt and they tried to keep their drilling for geologic objectives. So there was always this pressure that we need uranium. We were committed for lots of things, I believe--although I can't assure you of it. It's still secret, I guess, government classification--for more uranium than we actually had in sight. We were going on the basis of well-informed7
 ERNIE GORDON #1men and men who understood what you might call geologic potentialities, men like Phil Merritt, forinstance, who assured the commissioners that this stuff could be found or should be found if the proper recipe were made. To start, naturally they would tend to drill all the ore bodies. First, they didn't know the habits. To find ore you must find the habit. Ore bodies are just like ants, they're just like people, they're just like anything else in nature. They tend to be, follow certain rules. The trick is to find the rules. We didn't know all the rules, but to find them you find an ore body with certain type, check it out as thoroughly as possible. The easiest way and the cheapest way to get enough information to convince people to go in and really risk their money mining. At that time people didn't want to risk, a lot of them didn't. They just wanted a government guaranteed job, but many others did risk, of course. Even the survey drilled some of their holes closer than they would today, for instance. But they had this pressure on them. They'd try to keep farther out on the geologic frontiers, you might say. The AEC boys would come in to try to do the quicker job. Drill industry convinced the industry that there was something to uranium. Large companies were very definite about8
 ERNIE GORDON #1coming in. Smaller outfits came in and prospectors and men who knew the uranium belt, the Uravan Mineral Belt, as we call it. They were easier to convince, especially when the government was doing a lot of drilling around. And then men in the area, the general area who maybe had nothing but a job on a ranch someplace to lose, they were disposed to take chances. Particularly on weekends or something--go prospecting. In any case, the AEC was doing a little closer in type of drilling. If they'd find an ore penetration, they would offset that fairly closely and try to delimit the ore bodies, the small ore bodies, and a series of small ore bodies. They didn't care whose ground they were on. At the time they came out there was some criticism, particularly by people who had ground that didn't look as favorable for drilling, about too much drilling being done in one area or in one particular ownership's ground. But that's what you do if there was a type of area and you knew that there were other similar areas scattered around. We didn't care who owned the stuff. The thing was to get in some information for the country at large and to encourage other people tocome in. Pick discovery, Steen discovery, Jack Pile discovery changed that. With Anaconda in, it wasn't9
 ERNIE GORDON #1hard for some of the other larger companies to getinterested. The oil companies were a little bit quicker than the mining companies. They came in, in force. Kerr-McGee had been in in a small way, I believe, to some operations in the---?---. They got a lot of free drilling out of us, by the way. But there was nothing--. Actually about the time I came, shortly after, we spread our drilling programs out. By then we had them out, you see. And I was veryinstrumental in forcing this because some of my men said, "This is the way we've been doing it and we want to keep doing it." It was rather hard, though, it was interesting ---?--- you see. But you could sell them things, changes. Most of the changes I made had been at one time or another suggested by some of the junior men. But nobody ever had the guts to put them in. We started this and we carried it through, so that we went farther and farther out, and finally we drilled to discover favorable ground and roughly delimit favorable ground and in the course of that you're bound to hit some ore bodies, otherwise you can't tell that they are favorable, and then leave the rest to other people or industry. See, by 1 53 and '54 I could send two young geologists in, maybe even kids just out of school and hadn't seen a uranium10
 E R N I EGORDON # 1mineral outside of their classroom yet. If I sent two of them, first one and then another one to follow himinto some way out of the way area where they could hardly get with a jeep and even then maybe have to do some pushing and pulling on it, prospectors would be on their heels right away. We had many such occasions. In fact I utilized, particularly from mid'53 on to get people into an area, multiplies your own efforts, you see. Our object was to find enough uranium to get us over the hump and we did it. It took us by '55, all in Washington knew it, but they hadn't let us know it. We didn't know exactly what their targets were, but in '56, we didn't do any drilling that year. We might have done some drilling in what we call fiscal 1 56. But I don't think we did any, or much anyway, in the last half I know of in 1956 and '57. Because by then, why we finished it. I'm trying to think of the name of the wash, south of Moab a little ways, Kane Springs Canyon. We decided to do a little work. One of the uranium companies, I think Climax had something out there near Hoorah Pass, or some such name, and we thought it would be worth looking at that country out there. We sent a bulldozer out just to scrape down the sand far enough to get out so that the Jeeps could get in there and11
 E R N I EGORDON # 1not without having to send something else in for them, and we decided after a while, well after they got out there far enough--first a prospector would follow out that bulldozer and as far as they could walk ahead of him they would stake out irregardless of the formation or anything else. They would just stake it out, pick the wind, you see, come back and get out. Next day somebody else would come up. I forgot whether this was '53 or '54. More likely '53. But now this may or may not have been apocryphal. I believe it. My field man swore it was so. He sent an engineer out to find the site for a camp of two or three trailers. A geologist, and maybe a helper, and maybe the contractor's bulldozer operator, and so forth, two or three or four trailers, I've forgotten how many. He laid a few lines out so when they came out they would come in and line the trailers up. You see it had been leased so you could do this and thenthe next day when the boys got out there with their trailers, everything was staked out all around there. The government produced the stakes. It wasn't anything. It was too low for anything. They even tell a story where they swiped off a place on one side of the road and this again was where there was no possibility of any ore bearing formation excepting12
 ERNIE GORDON #1what had been eroded off. But the bulldozer operatorswiped off a place so that the pickup that brought him his fuel could offload the drums without having to bulldoze them down to the ground. They could just slide them off and they staked that out, too. See this is the way, that's just the point, you see. And I utilized that very much, very much to get people in. We always had a crossfire, praise and criticisms, request for assistance and everything you could think of going on. And the best way to get people to do things is to get them to put a 1ittle effort in themselves. This works beautifully. The same time there had been some criticism other than in the halls of Congress or there abouts that the AEC was holding onto this ground too long. Why this happened, I don't know. I do remember that again in '53 or '54 the manager of the operations office, Sheldon Winfin had several discussions with us about this and I have some of my notes on this that I might let you look at later, quite sure they're not, the ones I have are not confidential, they're not restricted. I don't want to infringe on any of that stuff even today. But I do know we put a lot of stock on it, but this was chiefly in the paper probably. And the exploration was an outfit that were men who were employed to do a13
 ERNIE GORDON #1job. Most of them had--in the early days they weren't employed with the idea of having a lifelong employment with the government or anything of that sort. Here was something that needed to be done and let's go in and do it. And I recruited men on that basis ---?--- And we give good training anyway, because the geologic training was good. We had some very good men. The one thing I did was to go out intoindustry and get men whom I have known, be it here or elsewhere, some I had known in South America, some I had known in Mexico, others I had known in the states, men who I knew who possessed a great amount of drive and yet malleable enough so they could conform at least to some extent to government conditions, as working for the government, which are not always the same as working out in the field in, mining camps. They're quite different. But I had some good men. John G. Barry who had been one of the first presidents of the El Paso School of Mines before it was Texas Western. I'd known him way back at MIT. After World War I he came back from the service and was an instructor there. I met him then. He was chiefgeologist in the Mexican mining division of the American Smelting and Refining Company when I first went to work in Mexico. I met him there. Then he14
 E R N I EGORDON # 1continued consulting in Mexico. So I've met him many times and knew him as a top geologist and man who not only could make recommendations, but from personal observation, some of his recommendations really paid off. His record in the geologic world--twenty, forty years ago, about him, about Toughy Brewer who is nowa consultant here in town. He had worked for me in Bolivia. He was a mining engineer and a man who lives up to his nickname and I put him in the geologic branch because, not because I thought that he was a great geologist, because he was a very hard worker and he was a man who always had to see what was on the other side of the hill. And this was something some of our boys needed to learn. This is a part of training of most young fellows, to be thorough. And Toughy was thorough and you could make up in thoroughness, you see. We had some boys who thought if they had to walk very far from their Jeep, it would be terrible. And I always, I grew up in geology on foot days and believed in the closer you get to the subject the more you can find out about it. You don't just want one perspective of it. This is why we brought in another old time geologist, Lew Godbeck, from Mexico also. An American who worked in Mexico, Lew was getting along in years but he was able to do15
 E R N I EGORDON # 1some thinking about things and help out a bit. Then in the younger men we had some top flight talent. Bob Rice now the vice president of one of the American Metal Climax subsidiaries, A-1 geologist. I could run down through the list of them. Bill Isaackson is with New York State Geological Survey now and an expert on the Precambrian--rather a change from the Jurassic rocks he was playing without here. Quite a few million years difference between them. Hobart Stocking who is the associate, or assistant professor of geology at Oklahoma State and teaches geology summers at Johns Hopkins. In fact, Johns Hopkins asked him if he could get a sabbatical year or leave of absence and teach a full year. I don't know whether this has come to fruition, whether OSU would let him do it or not. This is the type of men we had. We had many. And as far as quality goes, I'11 say this, this is in a nutshell. When we decided to closedown the exploration effort in mid 1 57, they told me in a year to reduce my men from oh, I don't recall the exact number--180 give or take five or six men. Every man I laid off had a job to go to, everyone of them, and some of the men had as much as five different offers. Yours truly included because after I got through with the lay off then I turned in my16
 E R N I EGORDON # 1time. I went to Brazil with M.A. Hannah on iron ore explorations. We were very successful. But this is speaking from authority. You can imagine bossing around one hundred geologists and engineers on the market in a restricted area and everything, in over about five or six months time and everyone of those men having a job to go to. I think that means, thatindicates what the general mining public around thought of these men. Not all of them went into uranium. They went into all sorts of places, and most of them have done quite well. ---?---. But those are really the highlights because I, in '54, Ambrosia Lake I, believe, was beginning to come in and it wasn't '54, it was '55. There again I'm not sure. I think Ambrosia Lake really came in 1955. So then we knew we had an awful lot of ore there. And the same year and the following year the Wyoming stuff came in. We were multiplying our reserves then. And much of this was by private industry. But the push had been given. We can thank these fellows who went out and found this stuff like Pick, and Jack Mable and Company, all our boys, and Charlie Steen. These are the man who really sold the public to the--the program to the country at large. Let's add our boysin because they were in there pitching all the time. 17
 ERNIE GORDON #1And they worked hard most of them, almost all of them. And we used to keep them out in the field in trailers. We had to scout all over the plateau, of course. An interesting aside is, it was almostimpossible to keep a married couple in a trailer less than eighteen feet long. This is a queer thing. If we put them in a seventeen footer in about a month why the lad was in, his wife didn't like living out there, or could he be transferred to another camp or something like that. You could put two single bunks in a fifteen footer and that was all right, fine. But the married ones, we found out and pretty soon we put them in nineteen and twenty footers. And I just sort of kept tabs on all that's been given to keep track on these things. Another thing I had was one of my staff boys, he felt quite put out because I assigned the trailers on the basis of job seniority. An older geologist with a higher grade, he had first choice of trailers, and so forth and so on, and if there was a large trailer and a small trailer I didn't think it quite right to have a GS-5 barely earning his thirty- six hundred or whatever it was they got in those days, living in the best trailer in camp when here was maybe a GS-11 out there who was really turning out something for us. Maybe the GS-11 was junior in18
 E R N I EGORDON # 1time with the commission. A lot of my staff suddenly felt real bad about it and I know I provoked them because at that time I wasn't half as socialist in my tendencies as I might be now. Now that Social Security is in the offing I might as well take some of it. However, this is one of the asides. We had many, I had many good friends who appreciated my position, didn't try to get any inside information. I had the converse. I could name you a couple of fairly well-known people who really came around and were really nice to me for several months up to maybe a year or so until they found out that confidential information was confidential no matter how much they invited me here or invited me there or anything else. It didn't pay them, and most of my men were that way. We had only one trouble with one man. That was in connection with a map of withdrawn area that I mentioned a little earlier, and it seems that this particular man was weak. He had been picked by one ofmy senior men as the men with most confidence, so that this map of the area we were thinking of withdrawing--nothing would leak out about it. But it did. And in subsequent investigation, what happened is the man got off with a suspended sentence. Here's a man who had, in his own opinion, always in bad luck19
 ERNIE GORDON #1everyplace he had been, and he seems to continue that way. But funny thing on that particular area, the withdrawal did go ahead but we didn't do anything like the amount of drilling that we thought we were going to do at the start. Partly because of the fact that people were coming out and I didn't think it fair to let us, even through a lease, collect, steal the favorable position when they shouldn't have had it. And second, this was during the time when the prospecting boom was at it's height and people were raring and companies were raring, everybody was trying to get in the act and find uranium. And so we didn't need to confide so much. The government could slack off. Now should I give a resume. I think in my time, mid '52 until we stopped drilling, '55 or 1 56, I think under my aegis about a 1,400,000 feet weredrilled.RG: On the Colorado Plateau?EG: Yes. Just on the plateau area. That was while I wasin charge of the plateau area. And that figure will be in the Daily Centennial, I believe. They gave me a nice little write-up when I left to go to Brazil. And I think that figure was in that write-up. I must have it sitting someplace. Yes, I remember, Preston Walker when I first came out, when I first met him, shook20
 ERNIE GORDON #1his finger at me and said, "Ernie, if I catch you saving some people to the prejudice of others," hesays, 11I'm going to spread it wide open in the papers." I said, "Pres, I'11 be glad to see how you feel about that a few years hence," and said, "and if I do call me first and let's check it over." I said, "I'm not going to do it, you think I might." So when I was leaving, I called Pres out and said, "Pres, do you remember how you shook your finger at me?" He said, "What are you talking about?" "Well, you told me if I didn't work the way I said, why you really going to expose me to the public." I says, "Well, now I'm leaving." I says, "Have I done anything to be exposed or not?" He said, "Should I send a reporter out to give you a little write-up?" I said, "Fine, if you want to." And that's how I got this last write-up in the paper years ago. But he was a rough and tough character in some ways. At least he did all right by me. But, let's see--really in the outline I've covered the salient features, I haven't gone into individual characters or anything of that sort. And purposely kept away from it because when you start discussing individual characters you might say something that they wouldn't 1ike, that they might object to and it might not be so. One of our old time21
 E R N I EGORDON # 1uranium heirs wore a toupee. He was very careful never to admit he had such a thing on. Yet it was very obvious whenever he came around. He was a man, basically an almost ignorant man, but he picked onelittle area and he found a little uranium in there and he kept with it. I don't know how much he made but I'm sure, one thing he never tried to beat the Internal Revenue Service, and otherwise I don't think he ever told anybody else how much he ever did make. He was quite careful about it. The two men who owned the Happy Jack, I can't think of their names right now.RG: Cross and--EG: Not Cross, but I'd have to check back in some recordsto find them. I always try to keep my men out in the front, I didn't try to go out and do a lot of gladhanding. I wasn't here to try to find myself a fancy job or anything of that sort. Actually I had one or two very tempting things come my way in thosedays. Oh, before I came here for twenty years, wherever I was, I was the boss. Here I was finally cut down to size. I reached my level of natural incompetency and here I was back down there having to say, "Yes sir," and "No sir." Not to one but to two different men. One in New York and one out here, see.22
 ERNIE GORDON #1I'm afraid I strained the patience of both of them at times. I didn't care whether I got fired or not. I was nigger-rich. I knew I'd have fifty plus a month for the rest of my life, or something like that. So I didn't and I wasn't looking for a fancy job anymore. I had a chance or two. But the amazing thing was to see the men come and go. Government payroll always had a high turnover, at least in those days it did. I think ours was around 1 percent a month or somethinglike that. And the junior grades were a little higher than the higher grades. But even the higher grade men, things would come along and when the fellow who is an area geologist, and somebody comes along and tempts him and says, "Stay with us five or six years. You're just liable to become a vice-president of a large listed company, well established." This is a fun place in the middle of America, and I will say that some of the boys that went that way went with my blessing. And also, I think some of the scars I left mentally on their backs did them some good when they got into private industry. I'd been in industry, of course, for thirty years before I came here. I got out of college when I was twenty, so I had a chance to gain my experience when I was young. But I'm very proud of most of these fellows. Some of them will23
 ERNIE GORDON #1tell you really, what an SOB I am. I'm sure of that. But I don't care what they think of me--what I think is the important thing in life. It's something you learn in philosophy. Do you have any questions? I've been rambling here.GB: You mentioned that the finds of Vernon Pick and Steen and a few others, those large ones--EG: Jack Mable.RG: --yeah, changed the industry and brought in bigindustry and I was wondering, prior to this time there hadn't been too much attention paid to the Chinle and the Shinarump formation, but there had been one large discovery--the Monument #2 Mine.EG: The Monument #2, the general Monument Valley area northeast in Arizona was known and, of course, the stuff at Cameron, Arizona, was known, too. But the main reason for the attention, the greater attention on the salt wash was the fact that this was the area when the AEC started to push things, that the u.s. Geological Survey had already done some studying inbecause it had been productive of vanadium, had a backlog of experience in there. Second, they went to work there again, because they could make their previous experience worth more there. There was known uranium. Third, miners all had the legend that there24
 E R N I EGORDON # 1was no ore below what they call the slick rim. This was the formation underlying the salt body, see. This was gospel in that particular part of the area and still is, and there are a few exceptions. There weresome exceptions there known way back around Placerville, but no uranium recently there. So this was one reason for that. But when I came out first in April of 152, one of the first mines I went to see was in the lower Chinle or the Shinarump as the USGS boys call it, the formations should be called. Our boys call it the Shinarump. That was at Seven Mile Canyon property that the Thornburgs had. It was Vance and his brother who was a dentist. People would be able to tell you a lot about those two men. And they turned up finally at the Cochetopa--this mine, the Los Ochos mine--poor Spanish but you would say IILos Ocha" in Spanish. You wouldn't say "Los Ochos. 11 Eight is eight, you wouldn't say--. But they made this be what in English would be the "eights" see. Now what they meant by it, I don't know. Whether it was pure Spanish or 1ucky eights, I don't know. So they had that of course, but that was found much later. But there were deposits known, you see, in the lower Morrisons. Also in Big Indian Wash the mine just below Charlie Steen's--I can't think of the name of25
 E R N I EGORDON # 1it [Mi Vida) for a minute either--I've been too many places since then. And this is what prompted Charlie to do his looking where he did--the fact that he thought behind this stuff, there should be some more back under the hills, maybe some better ore. And this time he hit it. Boy, he worked hard, he worked hard. But actually there hadn't been too much known, but you did have these scattered areas where there was, also at Temple Mountain. That was known. These areas were all known before these discoveries, before these big discoveries. Temple Mountain probably had the highest amount of it. Also in Grants the Travelta Limestone, that was lower than the slick rim, you see. So whenever they made that first discovery, when Paddy made his discovery down there in the Travelta Lime. This was below the slick rim, what they called the slick rim out here. And so it was known here and elsewhere. By the time I came out, why, there was a lot of attention being focused on that as well as onthe---?---. I might somewhere in my notes find some information for you if I can about this phase that I could pass onto you later if I turn anything up. But I'm not sure because I didn't keep too many notes on it. This stuff's just my daily calendars, nothing restricted in any of them. I was very careful about26
 ERNIE GORDON #1that. These are just memory joggers really, that I carry, you know. All my daily desk notes from the time I came here to the day I left are all there. That happens to be my bag. Certainly Charlie Steen's discovery put a lot, a much greater emphasis on the Chinle than had been placed on it before. I think Mike Reinhardt would be able to give you off the cuff better information, more thorough than I can because he was here. I don't remember when he came to workfor the AEC. He stayed with me for a couple of years and then he went off on his own and has been a consultant ever since. He published a lot of his own theories. He had several books written, of course, about uranium. I remember two or three. But the Chinle's main emphasis was because--it was snowballing effect, there were too many people around here looking around and they couldn't help it. And then we had the airborne reconnaissance. One of our men was very put out because I didn't let ourairborne reconnaissance compete with where I private airborne reconnaissance was going to be found, was going to be done. A case in point is the Jack Pile. Our boys had been working trying to get the Acoma Indians to let them do some flying and so forth. We had this projected. I found out that Mable27knewa
 E R N I EGORDON # 1was going to fly that area. I says, "If industry's going to do it, we don't have to. They don't find anything we might check, particularly if we neededany information. Our idea wasn't to try to be "the guy," our spot is to see it's found. Who cares who found them. Enough credit for everybody and there was no specific bit of knowledge that we had and we thought it was good area to fly and it was. Or our geologist who had been around that area thought it would be a good area to fly and they were backed all the way by me. I okayed this tentatively in discussion. Then I found out that Mable was going to. I'd known Mable for many years. I hadn't told him, I hadn't seen him for years up to this time. But I knew--I heard that through New York--I'd heard from the New York office, I believe--that Anaconda was going to fly and that Jack was planning on having the job. I said, "Keep out of there. We can go in there later." Of course we flew over that area many times, the boys did later, I'm sure. But one of my men really was put out with me about it. Oh, he was storming mad.RG: What type of ground work was done by your field geologists?EG: We sent reconnaissance men out, men to practically 28
 E R N I EGORDON # 1every bit of the plateau, at least as we could. We would have foot reconnaissance, we had aerial reconnaissance, both. The aerial reconnaissance was not only just to find an anomaly but also for geologic work. You can see an awful lot from the air that you can't see while you're on the ground. You got to get away from being too close; telescope hasit's points and microscope has its points and lots of places in between, you see. So we went to our usual way of working which was we have a large district. The plateau would be broken up into four, five, six, or seven districts. Say all northwestern New Mexico would be one district, northeastern Arizona the next district, and Monument Valley area might be in the district with White Canyon and so forth and so on, similar geology more or less, Chinle, you see. By the way, the Happy Jack up White Canyon is another one of these Chinle occurrences. It was already known, you see. And it was a large one, never got as large as some people thought it was going to be as they found out when they went to work on it with the shovels. It was a good mine, a big one. So that was still another one that was known before Charlie Steen's discovery. But in each of these areas, the district would be broken down into areas which would be selected a year29
 E R N I EGORDON # 1ahead as we budget. I have some of my notes on budgeting. I'll show you how we do it to clarify this if you want to later on. We can't look at that stuff over the microphone, but just to give you an idea of the way we worked it. We would work up these plans, start working up for the following fiscal year maybe seven or eight months before the year developed and then we would reform the plan, and reform them again. We might as well do it, because whatever we send in first somebody else is going to want us to reform and we can always shuffle the reform plans and the previous ones back and this will always make someone happy. But it was a good thing, because in a situation of flux in a sense, why you had to be flexible. But we would decide roughly the realities, Don will let him and he's pretty good at footwork. He doesn't mind walking and here's so and so, and pretty good young geologist. He's been sitting around in that Jeep too long. Let's give him a foot assignment for awhile, and Dick knows the Shinarump so we'11send him out in this area under Bell and then we'll, well, here's where the likely outcrops ought to be handy enough. So they'd cover everything in maybe a 20, 30, 40, 50, 60 mile radius of where their camp would be or maybe even larger, and their job would be30
 ERNIE GORDON #1to get another---?--- outcrop see, technical stuff . This is good reconnaissance. And of course, we would pick areas of where we thought due to one--there are a tremendous mass of geologic data available anywayif a person wants. The air force and others have flown large areas of the country. You can get the aerial maps. You'd be surprised what you can see once you know a little bit about what's there, how much more you can see. Same old story with a senior in college, when you get a call saying, "I never saw anybody learn so much in two years as my father did. This time when I came home I realized how much he learned in the last two years." Same thing you see. You get a lot more information under your own belt and you can appreciate it. So we would have reconnaissance, you see, and then other areas where reconnaissance had turned up something we would, speaking of the earlier days now, later lots of private people did enough reconnaissance for us so we just "pert near" followed what they did so to speak. This was '56 and '57. Write down the dates and compile what they can get from industry. But then we would have, as a result of some reconnaissance workhere maybe somebody found as much as Charlie Steen. Now Charlie put a blast out that the AEC had31
 E R N I EGORDON # 1condemned his area, you know, and he went in there despite that. This was not so. We hadn't condemnedit. As a matter of fact, before I was in charge I talked it over and Al Ray two years before who was not in the exploration division when I came. Al recommended that area for exploration two years before Charlie went in there. Charlie didn't know this, of course. Charlie had evidently had an argument with one of our young geologists and his personality did not please him and so that he thought and I believe he believed that the AEC had condemned it. At least this boy condemned anything there was about Charlie Steen apparently in a beer joint or something like that. Charlie had some reason to feel bad but I taxed this with Charlie later, but in a good natured way. But they had, Al Ray had recommended that and I think, I don't recall who, when they came out, but at least I went over it and I just happened to remember talking it over with Ralph Walpole way back in April--one of the first things and several months, before Charlie did any drilling or anything else. But this was just one of those little things that they had done and this is a result of reconnaissance. The Big Buck was the mine that Charlie was backing up, the old Big Buck. You see32
 ERNIE GORDON #1this again was a mine that had been producing for some years out of even the lowest formations of the Chinle and out in the Cutler, what people called the Cutler, and so that with reconnaissance and picking up and part of the job of these boys was to know what was going on thereabouts and to pick up informationthey could, so on and so forth and any information they would get why it was all scattered, it would be compiled, it would be collated by the area geologist and the area geologists would pass it on to the district geologist and they didn't have any stout district geologists, not under me, and they're all good walkers. And this information would be brought in and the geologic branch staff would go to work on it, too, see. And the men were always going out and looking, too, you see. And I wasn't able to get out as much as I'd 1ike to, but my branch chiefs, I encouraged them to get out, and they did. So we, say they went out, for instance, in Circle Cliffs, I suppose we had men there a year or more before we did any drilling. Industry had been in there. Whether our boys went in there before industry or industry was on the hills before our boys is not particularly important. There were two or three little mines working out there and nothing big yet. So we went out33
 E R N I EGORDON # 1and did a little drilling and we did this in many areas. Of course, some of the areas that we picked for drilling like the Lukochukai Mountains people had been drilling in there, there had been uranium known there sometime before. I remember a small outfit hadit and later Kerr-McGee took over and we've done a lot of drilling in there, but they had been successful in their drilling, but they just wanted to find out how much there really was. That was probably the most through drilling that our boys did. It seems the reconnaissance would lead to maybe just some very wide spaced drilling of geologic information and then if the information was good, and particularly in the earlier days, if we found something in the hole and other people hadn't come in--well, first let me say that usually one of our boys would get in by the time I was out here, people staked the ground out anyway, so there was no sense--we couldn't. This was one of our problems--we couldn't get anything that wouldn't drill out because we turned around and the boys were there, we spent three days and looked around and everything was staked. It was useless to try to unless it was in the continuation of a known area that people, industry, or the public at large had forgotten about or just didn't happen to think about.34
 E R N I EGORDON # 1But you see by '54 this had changed, so we didn't get any chance to do that sort of thing. By then our drilling had changed and instead of trying to drill out ore bodies, we just wanted to really, what you might call discovery drilling, tried to find and roughly delimit favorable ground. We had a much greater backlog--several hundred man years of geologic study behind us by '55, you see. The survey had several hundred and we had three or four hundred geologist-man years behind us by that time so we could--looked easy but it wasn't. It was like anything. We hadn't experienced then and could push out farther, we didn't have to drill so close. If we found a little bit of ore here, we'd drill through maybe, I'd drill through a line of fences a thousand feet apart and along the fences in the old days, why we'd have drilling maybe every thirty feet. I remember looking through my notes last night, I came across a note where so and so proposed fences on a certain basis so far apart the fences, and thirty foot spacing on the fences. My note said that I object to this we made it fifty and actually they found a little bit of stuff on that particular project, too, but this was just the newer thinking as compared to being conservative. There was nothing35
 ERNIE GORDON #1wrong with the other. We would have been a 1ittle righter yet, see. We would have known just a little more about the ore than we did from the fifty foot.But we didn't need to know that much anymore, see. Because once we hit one single, once were in there drilling much, if there was any free ground it would be staked out. Somebody would do something. So about the, again I sort of digressed a 1ittle from the immediate question. The main thing was reconnaissance of one sort; study maps, all known, every blooming thing. I had some of the boys there who--I could get down there at nine o'clock at night and find two or three fellows studying on stuff. Some of my very best men, fellows would be out all day and keep going. Of course these are the type of men who would do that. And conversely we had others who we had to watch a little bit closer to see if we could get eight hours out of them. But mostly no. They were pretty good. But you had, you see, really do it, research everything, all the maps around and nearly everything that anybody ever wrote, anything that anybody ever said and any of the scientific readings--the whole technical literature. We had people who combed the literature especially back in New York and we couldget all kinds of references from them. And of courseI36
 ERNIE GORDON #1you know what your own field is anyway, you see. So we had literature search on, we had groundwork. There's no substitute for that getting out there andlooking it, even if you fly over in a helicopter, why, because you can see a lot in a helicopter. You can hover. But it costs too much to use. I think it cost us about seventy dollars an hour as I recall it would have cost us. And I figured I could do the same thing on foot for considerably less even though this would mean that sometimes the boys would have to be at the bottom of a cliff looking at something three hundred feet up through field glasses. But there wasn't quite enough in, if the helicopter could have got down to thirty or forty bucks an hour we would have used them. But I was always cost-conscious. You see, I had worked for companies for so many years. And some of them were poor companies and we had to watch the thing. So we quit reconnaissance, and then if one of the drilling men found something he thought was good, why upstairs would move in. By the time it was really big why there would be a crowd of people around there anyway. That was one reason I tried not to go out too much. You always felt that somebody was watching--what were you doing over there for. He must have something, see. If I was going someplace with37
 ERNIE GORDON #1one of the boys, I'd head off in the other direction first and drift there later. I didn't have much of that but there was some.GB: Who was in charge of this, of the decision to drill a piece of property or an area?EG: Well, here again it's a matter of recommendations came up and at our office, why, the final was right here, of course. The buck stopped with me because I don't think--or Philip Merritt in New York would have the final--he had the final say-so on because Ches of course, Ches Johnson always okayed his. I don't recall Phil ever wiping out a drilling project. As long as I know what the policy was back there, my job was to execute the policy for them and to do it the best way I could. See our plans would be made out ahead. So it least locally it stopped with me. The operations office, the managing office never did any of that. Well, they would question about it and so forth, but they never came in. There was no interference or anything of that sort. They knew who technically sound on this. One of the big things Sheldon Winfin always had that he could use---?---very well. He got to be president ---?--- in Peru early before the generals took exception to him and invited him to stay out of the country. But that was38
 ERNIE GORDON #1there again why the, it would come right from thejunior man. They would make their recommendations go up through the branch, through the branch level and then we'd keep on the phone often with New York. We kept in pretty close touch. Phil had a good staff. He had Don Gillingham, Don Everhart, Johnny Bow whose now writes editorials for AIME, American Institute of Mining Engineers magazine, mining engineer. Phil was smart. He got a lot of very good men around him. He hardly had a pump close to him--just one or two. I was one of them I guess.RG: Did you compare private explorations with that done by the AEC? Did it differ in method or in type?EG:Private exploration as a rule was based on the actual physical discovery of ore or mineralization I should say. Men running out with the counter and click, see and he would head in. Normally what he would do if it was on the rim and it was six hundred feet of sediment on top he wasn't going to go back there and drill. He'd start a little tunnel, see. The difference was basically that we were embarked on a long range program aimed at eventually being able to assess the potential, the ultimate potential if you wish. Of course, that's something you never can, but we were working towards a time when we could sit back39
  ERNIE GORDON #1and say this area ought to produce so much. You'd be surprised after checking a lot of our original potential lessons, there weren't bad at all. But the industry used, it had to have much more ahead of it than we did. Our job was, particularly when I first came out, was to get out there and to get them doing stuff. So if you have any ideas--the more holes people poke down why the more they will do. I have a little something that I wrote up in there, I think. I'm quite sure it will give you an idea, a copy of a letter, I think, to a friend if I remember right. I just said how they would come, and the time was it was just crawling with people and out of all these different people in there somebody would be encouraged to go in. And our boys as time went on, were getting into industry, you see. John Masters, chief geologist--he's even higher upstairs than that with Kerr-McGee now. He was in charge of our works down at the Lukochukai. This is the area that Kerr-McGee took over when they got into the uranium industry and John went with them. He was a top flight man, a good man and he went with them. And many of these juniors went with them and several of them are figures today in the uranium industry. And these are some of the things. I thought that with this I know40
 ERNIE GORDON #1it's going to end anyway, the best thing to do was to let the boys know there would be a jerk on the bit now and then, here, there and elsewhere and so they could take it when they got out. Lots of them can't, but most of them did--Grow, and others and I can't think of all their names. But Masters is just one of them, of many. Did I get off on that one a bit? No, the big difference is basically one of industry played the shorter chances; we were playing thelonger chances. We started playing the short chances as the short chances were shown to pay off, that we could move on to the longer range things then industry came in. Most mines, by the way, you'll find that these big mines have been in the mining industry fifty years now--will be next year. I have been closely attached to it in many cases. Most of the mines are not found by the exploration companies, although I'll grant some are. They find some little guy that's around in there, you'll be surprised how many times some prospector stuck a pick in, and maybe he didn't find much or anything but there was a little mineralization there he found. And this was before the fancy new techniques came out, the airborne magnetometer and all types of instruments. We even developed an instrument that would do41
 E R N I EGORDON # 1practically do in inhaul assaying of uranium mineralization. We could tell whether it was uranium or not by energy discrimination to see the gammaradiation and things of that sort. But this was when it had to be done under my wing, because some of the fellows upstairs couldn't realize the importance of this--not in the exploration but in the other crowd under which we were placed you see. And afterwards when it worked out, you see, they got the credit for it. But tonight it's a mean thing to say. Industry always followed. Very few of the large mining companies really did the pioneering. Someone else does it. In studying the exploration, you'11 find that they go in, of course, we can do the stuff again. Aerial reconnaissance has changed an awful lot, the airplane. But you take in Latin America, from Arizona south darn near down to Cape Horn, I've never seen a good mine that the company hasn't had a picket. That's almost never, I should say. You'd be surprised. It must have been really discouraging to get out there and scrape the rock away from this little bitty hole. Maybe getting the rock away by building a fire and then quenching and scraping the stuff off as it falls off and then building another fire. You'd be surprised how many of them go through42
 ERNIE GORDON #1this kind of stuff. They were tremendous men. They went looking for uranium. In their day they didn't even use it for yellow signal fires which was the only use we had prior to the bomb, you know, about the only use.RG: Many of the small miners and independent miners on the plateau have complained about the methods of ore sampling done by the large companies. Most of them have not complained about the methods used by the AEC, but we know that the AEC inspected the ore sampling methods of the larger companies. I was wondering if you'd care to comment about that or an opinion?EG: There's a man who's run quite a few mines and we've had mine superintendents and mill superintendents work for me. And I had to be awfully careful on a Saturday night get together that the mine superintendent and the mill superintendent didn't start calling each other thieves, liars, and robbers. This is classic in the mining industry. I worked for years for the American Smelting and Refining Companywho owned both mines and smelters and I never shook ore to the smelter that I didn't feel I was cheating me, see, and actually I even used what I knew about smelting methods to put one over on the smaller ones43
 ERNIE GORDON #1when I felt that I had been robbed. And it turned years later that I had been robbed. I used the wrong methods against it. But this was a very special side.It wasn't in uranium. This goes to show you that this is, had since first the nation was trying to pick up gold attire on the golden fleece and so forth and the fellow who was producing the ore felt he wasn't getting enough for it. And the fellow that was trading ore, the middle man always makes the profit. I'm basically a miner you see, but this is so. Professionally you have a plant, they lose ore. They have a certain process--this involves for any of themetals, almost any of the metals--so much comes in, they expect so much come out all after they use bulk sampling methods. So you can't afford to run it all through. Because that what your mill is--nothing but an assay plant in another sense. Something might or might not go wrong in the m ill. L ittle chemical differences will change things, see. The reagents-- they use certain reagents so certain minerals will float, certain others will depress. A slight change in the character of the overall diversity and when itcomes out, boy, if they haven't sampled the tailings, which is the waste end of it, as carefully as they might have, they're always careful about their44
 E R N I EGORDON # 1samples in the concentrate, you see, why, there more go in the pans than they expected possibly, see. And maybe they don't, maybe the assayer will say this is just a terrible sample. It's been run so much all week, I 've got a headache today, I won't bother to run the damn thing. I'll just give an average of what the samples say. This happens to be the day whensomething went wrong and the operating crew didn't see it either. This can happen. But then they've got a concentrate which they sample also. They ship this concentrate someplace else for final smelting, you see. So the guy at the other end, he's going to make sure that he's not short, you see. You can be very sure of that. Even though he's got a representative from the mill watching him. I'm thinking now of conventional mining and smelting. So he's going to do all he can to protect himself, but if the smelter produces 2 percent more instead of a half percent less, he feels, nobody jumps the sample department then, see. If they run short they do, see. So there are a number of tricks a good sampler can use. I knowsome. So then he'll tend to protect himself anyway. But nine times out of ten a thing comes in through ignorance, lack of understanding. Now usually the man who, particularly in the uranium industry, the45
 E R N I EGORDON # 1average prospector who's out there never even saw a mine before, let alone a uranium mine, see. Second, if he doesn't take the sample and he's got a streak six inches wide and he's mining a face a foot wide, he'll grab a sample from that six feet and he'll come in and tell me if he wants to sell me the mine that he's got six feet of ore, and then, see, he won't tell me that it's six feet wide or I mean six feet long. It's six feet high, you see. I'll be there and the face is only six feet high by five feet wide and I'll own it. I'll go out there and I'm disappointed, lost my venture risk money. So anyway, when he breaks that stuff he'll grab a sample of the ore that he's sending to the smelter. But he knows that yellow stuff, if it's one type of ore, that black stuff if it's another or the bluish-gray. It's the highest, sohe wants to take a decent sample. You go here and that's alkali. He just moves over here and gets some of the better stuff. This stuff happens. It's just plain human nature. You don't have to studypsychology for that. And it happens, and so this is the explanation for much of it. The other one is--a little trouble in the mill and somebody crowds the sample and he begins to cut a few corners, and naturally if he's sampling every day he knows more46
 ERNIE GORDON #1than you or I who are only around there occasionally. So it can happen, and who's to say whether it happens as a result of deliberate malfeasance, you might say, on the part of that fellow or if it's just a matter of he's just an ignorant miner who, I mean ignorant of sampling, who's been kidding himself all along. Lots of people do that, you see. Being a miner byinclination I still tend to favor them. There's a beautiful case of this in Grants, New Mexico. I knew personally a couple of mill superintendents who said, "Even in uranium these damn mill monkeys, they cheat you." Now come on. There's no reason for these fellows--it's largely chemical anyway. They can't be throwing the stuff away. Some of these boys told me, you bet. There are problems in it, he says. "You know, I've seen the results in the mill and they're having an overage of uranium. Why the heck can't I get paid for it? My hole's only running so much when it should run .05 more. Well, I'd rather have .245 ore than . 24 ore. " That's rough. And they think they've got better ore. This actually happens. What was happening was that as mining progressed in Grants, oxidation set in in the mine water dissolving a little uranium out of the ore. And they were using this water in the mill. So being chemical, the mill47
 ERNIE GORDON #1was pulling out a little more uranium than was in the mine ore. But it was recovered from the water. It took them a year or two to find all this out but thisis happening. This is the thing. They are actually recovering uranium from their water from quite a few of the mines. All the ones that produced sufficient amount of water almost. In Grants they recover uranium from the water. And yet there was one mining superintendent who had been around a lot, and he was sure that guy wasn't giving him quite the credit for the grade that he should have. This is age old. You can understand that. So who am I to say I don't know anymore than you. I do know that whenever the AEC checked the industry they found their stuff usually pretty good. The big companies had no reason to try to cheat on this stuff. They had good contracts. Some of them won'.t tell you so. But I think that early, they gave them a good price. Let's remember they were trying to get people in. This was a national interest to get enough uranium and we just couldn't have these little fellows who didn't know anything about it running the thing. You had to have good skill in there, and they had to have mighty close toguaranteed profit, you see.basically both sides were wrong. It's48So that was it. I think, just one of
 E R N I E GORDON # 1these things that who's writing the ---?---know.RG: Do you know anything about the problem ofdisequilibrium?EG: Well, you had to have a knowledge about it to be inuranium long. Yes, you see, uranium breaks down at a certain rate and gives off daughter products and if it's dissolved some of these daughter products might be dissolved so that you see much of what we measure in looking for uranium is given off by things like radon, radium, or other things. These are the daughter products of uranium. Uranium has to have been in existence quite a length of time for these things to develop. Once it gets into what we call a stable situation, it's in equilibrium, you see. Now if it's new uranium, freshly disseminated it doesn't get off all this. It will take it x number of years to get there. So new uranium will have a different type of radiation and different intensity from that uranium that has been there for quite awhile, see. so it's out of equilibrium--that all. That's, it's just as simple as that. Certain daughter products and other things. You know the way it breaks down, you see, it kicks off an alpha ray, an alpha particle and then down along that, and when it kicks off the alpha49Iyou
 E R N I EGORDON # 1it gets rid of two plus signs. When it kicks off the beta it gets rid of the minus sign--of an electron. So it goes and each thing is different. Each one has a different thing. And sometimes occasionally it goes two different ways, coming back to the same thing again, see. So if one breaks down, it's always the final and the difference between the start and end result is divisible by four, you see. U235 gives you lead. My gosh almighty, I guess I'm talking too much. Radium and lead 208, and 238 gives you 206 doesn'tit? I think that's, and the 207 comes from some of the others, you see. So you get your lead level ratios. But this is the thing that happens when, so when radon collects, you see, the emphasis on the daughter products are, have some of the worse radiation, you see. This is why people kick and worry about so much. And they tend to collect and it's got a half life of so many days, but this all depends, always leaving some of this other stuff behind this stuff kicks off, too. People go in there and maybe there's just nothing but that and the uranium's gone you might say. But you see, you get either effect. Then you've got mass effect. That's another thing that upsets lots of people. Mass effect, you can takeany granite outcrop in certain areas of the world 50
 ERNIE GORDON #1anyway, and there's a little radiation from it, and you just come along on the face of the granite, and decide to come in and there's a crack in the granite and you've got radiation from two surfaces, you've got radiation from three sides is better than just one side. Many a fellow thought he had something on that, see. So one of our boys would go. Lots of times people come out and if we could we let our boys goalong with them when they thought they had something. This is another excellent way of exploring, you see. Multiplying the legs of our map. The boys would go out and try to help them a little bit. They were to the point of doing more than they should just with the hiking. But this was one of the things. Many a man has come in thinking he had something when all he had was a little bit of mass effect. This happened. Bob Wright wrote a very nice little booklet on, way back in 1951 or '52 or something like that--still around. They ought to be able to give you one down at the AEC. These are the things that. Of course I can see that you've been talking to other people. These are the things that would upset the uninitiated and very often the semi-initiated, you see. You couldn't distinguish between one type of radiation and another. Boy I worked so hard to get something that51
  ERNIE GORDON #1would measure the energy, you see, in the hole. Never been hundred percent perfect, but still certain of these metals, these daughter products give off certain radiation at certain frequency and others had others. So if you can measure that. If you screen out part of it and measure, and you just run a screen across the thing so you can catch this one time, and then this, and then this and from the amount of it you can say more or less what you've got. It takes an expert to do it. Anytime an expert does it, it looks easy remember that. Your most at ease profs are usually the ones that know most or else the least, either way.RG: Well, at the moment our time is running out and--GB: I have a few questions I'd 1ike to ask. There veryshort. EG: Okay.GB: Just a few things that I jotted down while you were giving your background. One, this has nothing to do with the industry on the plateau but I'm just curious first of all why Mexico and South America were so intriguing to many people up here. I know MartinGaines said that he has spent quite a few years inMexico and South America.EG: Same company I was with. Well, I think it was an old52
 ERNIE GORDON #1watched by the FBI. But it's a sort of thing that is very difficult to answer because the element ofchance is always there, you see. Except in the later days I had to tell one very big shot on the plateau that if he tried to put any more pressure on me I was going to put it in the newspaper. I says, "I remember to tell you I have a recorder on?" I didn't have one but I asked him. I says, "Did I remember to tell you I have a recorder on." That guy hated my guts to this day. Someone in his company wanted to give me a fancy job and I wouldn't have taken it anyway--not with the guy working there.GB: That leads to my next question. Was it not unusual for geologists to be bribed or--?EG: I don't think so. I imagine, I think there'd be an attempt to influence. I mention that in passing that I saw more than one person be very nice to me for awhile, socially invite me here and elsewhere. We'd never take any favors of that gentleman. Go out socially and then stumble here, there, and elsewhere and want to go hunting again, this, that, and the other. He wanted to fly me back to the Lake of theWoods. I wasn't a damn fool. I didn't go, you see. But you did get that. And there's no doubt human nature being what it is, that many of the boys would55
 ERNIE GORDON #1RG: Not at this time. I would like to reserve theprivilege to come back and talk to you again.EG: I'd be glad to. I'm just liable to think of a few things and I might have to correct a lot. The thing in large is, we have a darn good bunch of men. You're bound to get some stinkers in there. I had 180 that might, you can't get that many people together without getting somebody who occasionally isn't as honest. I caught one of them sort of altering some of his government requisitions and I, before we cinchedhim on it, I made the mistake, according to the FBI, of letting his district geologist know, or his immediate superior know, and his immediate superior let him know and the kid resigned, you see, and he did it by telephone.RG: I think we better stop now because we're just about out of tape.EG: Good, this really is not for the tape anyway. But that kid had the nerve years later to use my name as a reference. And I just let him go because he would have been crucified.RG: All out of tape.[END OF T APE]57
 