 MRS. MARY DIAMANT! Carbon County, UtahAn Interview By UnknownCarbon County Oral History Project Tape No. 45February 19, 1973Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 February 19, 1973Table of ContentsBackground. 1 Getting Married . 3 Social Life . 4 Going Back to Greece. 5 Why Her Parents Came to America . 7 Being Bilingual . 8 Prejudices. 9 Other Relatives in Greece . . 10 Similarities Between Greece and Carbon County . 10
 T H I S CLASS 1 9 7 3 . #1.]I S AN WITH [THEINTER VIEW FOR THE CARBON HIGH SCHOOL CUL TURAL MRS. MARY DIAMANTI. THE DATE I S FEBRUARY 1 9 ,INTERVIEWERS AND LOCATION ARE UNKNOWN. TAPEXX: Mrs. Diamanti, where were you born?MD: I was born in Hiawatha, Utah on January 8, 1916. Atthat time it was called, I believe Black Hawk, butthen they changed it to Hiawatha.XX: How long did you live in Black Hawk?MD: Oh, I left when I was a baby, and we moved to Helper.Well, it was between Helper and Price, it was the farm my parents had about where Lowdermilk's place is now.XX: How long did you live there?MD: Oh, maybe about four years and then my parents movedto Helper.XX: Were they in business?MD: Oh, my father at that time, he was just working withsheep, you know, with an uncle, and they had sheep is what they had.XX: What was your maiden name?MD: Caloris, Mary Caloris. Then my uncle moved toColorado and we moved to Helper for awhile and then to Price, I went to school in Helper, the grade schools. Then we moved to Price and I went to school in Price on up to the seventh grade. Then that's when my family went to Greece, with his four children and
 MARYDIAMANTI # 1our family. Then my parents were in Greece and they wanted to go back, so we went back to Greece in 1928. How did you get to Greece?By boat.XX:MD:XX: Where did you leave from? I mean you know--MD: Oh from Price. We went from Price, we were stationedin Price and went by train as far as New York, andthen we went by boat to Greece.XX: Can you remember how long it took you?MD: Oh about, maybe twelve days, thirteen, something likethat because they weren't as fast as nowadays. It's like going to Salt Lake now, it only takes a few hours. But it took us about thirteen days. We went over on an Italian Ship, it was called the Citernia, I remember that.XX: That's neat.MD: That was in 1928, and then in 1929 my father and mybrother came back from Greece, and they still had their sheep and that here with my uncle, and they came back in 1929 and I came back in 1936 and lived with my father, my uncle, and my aunt . By then t hey had moved to Colorado. So we lived in Colorado, we had a farm out there where they had their sheep and that. It was a little place between Hayden and Craig, Colorado. We kept going back and forth to Carbon2
 MARYDIAMANTI # 1County because you see they always 1 i ved here when they were younger, when they came over from Greece, you know they were here from Carbon County where they started. So most of our friends were here, you know,I'd come over with my uncle and my cousins and visit a lot of the people down here that we knew. Then Jim and I got married in 1939.Where were you when you got married?XX:MD: We got married in Helper, we used to live in Helper.We had rented that one winter, we rented a house here in Price with my cousins and we got married in Helper though, and my mother was still in Greece and my sister and my one brother. They came over in about '40 something, I can't even remember, but it was after '42, after we were married when they came over.XX: When you came back from Greece, you lived in Colorado for how long?MD: Well from 1936 until 1939 when I got married. Then we moved up to Helper, I married Jim and he was from Helper, and he had the Hardscrabble coal mine withsome of his brothers and his father. So we lived up in Helper, we lived up on Townside, we rented a house up there for $25 a month then, it was quite good rent then. And we lived up there for quite a few years. Then we bought a home up in Helper, and then from3
 MARYDIAMANT! # 1there we moved to Salt Lake for a couple of years after Jim got out of the mine, and we went to Colorado for one year and he worked with his uncle you know, I was staying with when I came from Greece and then we went back to Salt Lake and then back to Carbon County in about 1950 I think or something like that, we moved down to Price and lived with---?---.In the early years of your marriage were there bad working conditions in the mine, can you remember?Oh, that I can't remember. If Jim was here he could tell you, you know, because I've never gone to the mine or anything. See that's why I told you I didn't know anything about the mines.Well what about things you did with other women? Were you with Greek women mostly?Well, not necessarily, Greek and American, I had a lot of you know--well, we just did the usual things. You know, we'd get together you know and celebrate birthdays and Greek people celebrate name days, you know once a year. We would go to things that the Church had and it was just an ordinary nothing exciting you know.What were some of the things the Church had?Oh, they had dances and you know, different things, holidays and that. Easter and things like that. AtXX:MD:XX:MD:XX: MD:4
 MARYXX:DIAMANTI # 1Easter time we'd always barbecue and get together asa family. We didn't do anything great, but it was fun then.I was just going to ask a little--going back when you went to Greece and then came back to America, you know changing over, was that hard?MD: Well, it was so different going to Greece from here, you know, because we went to Greece and my parents were from a small village, that's where most of the people that came over were from villages, you know,they weren't from the city, the ones that had money stayed there, but the ones that didn't came over to make a living were the ones that were poorer. When we went over, we went over--oh, it was almost winter time, about November I think, and we went straight up to the village where my parents were from and we stayed there all that winter. So we left here where they had running hot and cold water and bathrooms and you know cars, with each family practically. It's not like now where each child has a car. If you had one car then your family was lucky, and over there it was really a big change because--well, they didn't have any of that. They had no running water. You had to go like half a block and haul your water. If you wanted to wash your clothes you had to take your clothes,5
 MARY DIAMANTI # 1your tubs, and everything and go there and light your fire and do your washing there. It was quite a bigchange from here. Of course I was only twelve years old and I didn't have to do a lot of that, you know my mother did. But I really liked it because the people were so nice, you know and all our relatives, they were so happy that we went over from America you know and--well, they couldn't do enough for us really and I loved it. Then in the summertime we moved down to the city. So that was quite nice there, you know. But as far being up at the village, it was oh, I don't know. Up there they didn't--well, there they had to work out in their fields and you know like they do in all the small places. They had no cars or nothing, no electric light. Of course they didn't have them and they didn't miss them. You know, it's not like here. It seems like the people were really happy though, ' cause I enjoyed it . I haven' t been back since and I'd really like to go back sometime.XX: Were there a lot of people from Greece that were immigrating to America at that time?MD: No, no. Not when we went over, no, because that would be in 1928, and most of them that carne over were in like 1900 you know, maybe up to like '15 or '16 when our parents carne over. When we went there was hardly6
 MARY DIAMANTI # 1any people, any that I can think of.XX: Why did your parents come to begin with, to America?MD:Well, because they were quite poor in Greece and they just heard that America was the land of plenty and they just came over, you know, just to make a better living. That's why most of them came over at that time.How did they get the money to come here, do you remember?Well, no, I really don't. But most of them that came over had enough just for their ticket, you know. If I called the relatives they'd help, and if they couldn't afford it they would send one over and he'd come over and he'd work for awhile and then they'd save money and send money back. Then one of the brothers, a cousin, or one of the relatives would come over, and that's how they started coming over. They didn't have any credit unions or places to borrow money from you know, banks and things 1ike that.One thing that I would like to ask, we heard that Mr. Diamanti's father was the first Greek immigrant in Carbon County. Could you tell us a little about him? Oh dear, not too much. But Jim has a book that has all that down. I'm not sure where it is, but youXX:MD:XX:MD:7
 MARY DIAMANTI # 1could look at that and it has all of that information. You know, dates and everything when he came over. It's not the one that Helen Papanikolas wrote, its one that someone else had written and I can't even remember his name, and he has all of that information in there. But I think though, isn't it in that book that Helen Papanikolas wrote?XX: Yes, that's right. Gosh.MD: Jim is downstairs taking a shower---?---.XX: When you went to Greece were you bilingual already?MD:You know, did you know Greek and English?Yes, because our parents spoke very little English, and in our homes they always spoke Greek and all their friends were Greek. So we had to associate, and then we always spoke Greek in the house. That's in that generation, but in our generation I never did speak Greek to my children. You know it's a shame, they never--well, they learned a little, but not like we did. Our parents always spoke Greek and all their friends. You could learn how to speak Greek, not when you go to school and that, but at least we could speak it.I can' t think of anything to ask. (Chuckling) We' re so good at this we have to have papers to--Well, that's all right.XX:MD:8
 MARY DIAMANTI # 1XX: Go ahead, Marie.MX: I was just wondering if you had any old photographsthat we could see and borrow them or any papers.MD: Oh dear, I don't think so, but what Jim had I thinkhe gave at that time to Helen Papanikolas, you know, when she was doing her book and she carne down and I don't know if she gave them back to him or not. But I could look, later I could look, and then if I find anything--what would you be interested in, photographs?XX: Family or just--MD: Just any?XX: Like maybe a letter that maybe someone was writingback to Greece explaining what it was like here,something like that.MD: Well no, I just never did keep anything like that andit's a shame that I didn't.XX: I was just going to ask you if you ever carne intocontact with any labor agents? MD: No.XX: When you were like growing up in Carbon County were there any prejudices, you know?MD: Well, I never did think about it at that time. I should say people didn't even know or I didn't anyway because--well, we associated mostly with Greek people9
 MARYDIAMANT! # 1until I went to school and that, but not that I can remember. A lot of people say there really was, like J i m, my husband, and all of them, but I can't saythat I found anything like that. Usually we went around with just the same group of kids, you know, mostly the Greek kids that we grew up with and that.XX: MD:XX: MD:XX:MD:So at school I really can1 t even rememberbeen a lot of years.Are any of your relatives still in Greece?Oh yes, I have--well, like cousins, you know. Like my mother has one brother that 1 s 1i ving and he' s in Greece and he has four children, and his family, we're cousins with his family. My husband has a lot of cousins you know, but not brothers or anything like that.Have you ever gone back?No, not since we carne back. But I would really like to you know, things have changed a lot there too1 though.A lot of people say that they like the similarity to Greece. Is Carbon County a lot like Greece?Well, in a way it is kind of, uh huh. I think people are--well, you know everyone, you know most everybody and people are friendlier I t hink in Car bon County and it is a lot like that.101t hat 1 s
 MARY DIAMANTI # 1XX: What about the climate and stuff, is it anything likeGreece?MD: Well, when we went up into the village that is way uphigh and they had a lot of snow up there. But then when we moved down and we bought a horne in the city and that was called Lamia, and it's oh only about ten minutes from the ocean there and it was really warm. Things were really nice in the summer. It got cold, but not like--there would be hardly any snow, veryseldom would it snow.XX: Have you ever come into contact with anyone that didfolk cures and things back then? (Pause)MD: I was about ---?--- but you know, I can't remember from over there but like I said, if you talk to PennySarnpinos for customs and things like that ---?---XX: Okay, thanks a lot.MD: Well, that's about all I know.XX: That's fine. We're kind of--we don't know what to dovery good either.MD: Do you want me to run down? Jim's taking a shower,but I can go down and ask him about that book and maybe he'll know exactly where it is and I could, you know. Would you like a Sprite, I mean a Coke or a 7- UP?XX: All right, if you'd like to. Thank you. 11
 MARY DIAMANTI # 1MD: That's another one of our customs, we always servepeople when they come to our home. I was talking to the girls, Stan and--[END OF I N T E R V I E W ]12