    ROBERT R. PORTER VOLUME 3
    [THIS IS TAPE #9] MADE IN SALT LAKE CITY ON OCTOBER 29, 1984. WE ARE INTERVIEWING ROBERT R. PORTER. THE INTER VIEWERS ARE GREGORY THOMPSON AND FLOYD O ' N E I L .FO: Mr. Porter, as we ended you were about to describe some processes to us.RP: Yes. In order to gather the accounting of the yellow cake shipped in from the various mines, it is necessary to establish a drying and calcining unit at each of the various facilities. At that time were four, and then six when I left. I said, "This is no good. There's no way that each one of these is going to have to put extra men and have all the protection and everything that is required on each of theplants. It would be horrendous, the cost." So I completed the idea of putting the slurry into a tanker and shipping it to a central unit where it would all be dried, then barreled and shipped off and the agency could mooch it. A moocher is a guy that washes the watches the samples.FO: I see. [laughter]RP: And he takes samples. He took one sample to Britain,one sample to the United States, and we retained samples of each shipment that went overseas. Now, in order to get accountability between the mines, when you've got a gold bar you know exactly what you've got. The gold bars all went to Rand Refinery, and245
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 9they \vere sampled before refining, sampled and weighed, and samples sent back to the mine. Well, it was a little different with uranium because this was in slurry form. So we bought several acres of ground out at a lake called Ziricon(?) which is out in Transvaal ..GT: How do you spell that?RP: It's in the--FO: Fine, we'll look it up. It's in the book.RP: Yeah, this was a sighting on theJohannesburg-Capetown Railway. It was just a sighting. There was nothing there. It was way out ---?---. So it was my job to design this plant, make sure that we had a big lab and also a research facility. The young man, Atmore(?), later became the director of research for Anglo-American ---?---. But to get the accountability there's a little problem between each one of them(?) so I just devised a method of sampling which involved a vacuum system, putting the slurry with the tankers on the weigh scale--very accurate. Sampling it there, then reversing the treatment on the other end. This took some convincing to those hard-faced m etallurgists that are always used to gold to make sure that they were getting their true value. Well, actually, it246
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 9worked out extremely well. The whole system worked out very well. We had to shake the stuff up in the tankers, you know, with the stirrers. We did everything to make sure that it was done right. And the accountability of the yellow cake was shipped from the mine and assayed by their tonnage treatment and recovery was very close. Everybody was happy. We had to have this facility out there in the boondocks because of security and also because of radiationproblems.GT: Now would this have been '51, '52?RP: It was '52, and we started the design andconstruction in the fifties along with the other plants, '50-51, and it was ready when the other plant started to ship their material in.GT: It's amazing the kinds of problems you have to deal with when you move into this new mineral extract, isn't it?RP: Yeah, and in the research facility there--we called it "calcine products" because we didn't want anybody to know what we were doing. The security, the atomic energy. So this had to be some weird name. It wouldn't identify it with uranium. Here was this thing that was sitting out here in the middle of Transvaal in a big farm, Gerbes(?)Con farm, right on247
 ROBERT R. PORTER #9the railroad sighting, and nobody knew what it was suppose to do. All fenced in, gates, and everything. So is it still in operation?Oh yes, it's the main thing. All of the mines still do this.So it was your calcine refinery, at least that was what you labeled it.Yes.Anybody ever question that?Oh yes. Plenty. Everybody knew what it was that wasFO: RP:GT:RP: GT: RP:FO:RP:GT:RP: GT:RP:in the mining business. I mean, it was no secret.You couldn't keep that a secret. The plant did not look like a calcine plant.No, no way. In this facility also we had native quarters, houses for the Europeans, a kitchen for the maids, and we employed as few as we could because of the secrecy.You mentioned the radiation concern. How well known was that at that time?Well, it was dust that we were mainly concerned with. And was it the dust getting in the air, or just floating, or--?We tried to keep the dust down by keeping the material damp all the way through the process. We installed what was called Proctor Ports, and this was248
   ROBERT R. PORTER #9the first time that anybody had every installed these for uranium. Some of these plants all over the United States installed the Proctor Ports dryers. Now they were made for popcorn and a food product because they were stainless steel belts, and the material was extruded through as spaghetti onto a stainless steel belt, and it went through a steam drying process, came out the other end a dried product. This was a yellow product which was ammonium diurine, and it was not U-308. There is no such thing as U-308 unless you burn the thing up to about eight hundred. Everythingis evaluated as U-308, and the acid(?) like V-205 is a vanadium pentoxide, but it's never sold that way. All the aluminum assay are reported as Al203, but they're not.GT: Heat has to be applied to get them to that.RP: Right. And it's very tricky. You get up so that it's stable. So there was a certain amount of moisture with this material inherent in the molecule, and this had to be evaluated as well before we shipped itoverseas. Now we had two men to mooch this thing, one from Great Britain and one from the United States. The fellow from the United States was director of the thing out at Grand Junction. Anyway, he was there to watch all of the A.E.C. shipment. The other bird from249
 ROBERT R. PORTER #9Great Britain was to watch the British ships and see that it was all packaged and that there was no dust and all this good stuff, and they had a sloth's job. They were highly paid too.GT: It was basically observe.RP: That's exactly right. Well, I mean, this is the wayFO: RP:FO:RP: FO:RP:they wanted it because this sample that was taken from there was the final payment. The chamber insisted on that. They couldn't sample it overseas and get paid for it. They could sample it, sure, but they wouldn't get paid for it. It was the final payment, and there was a lot of money involved. Well, you put maybe a thousand tons on a shipment going overseas, and we packaged it in lots of fifty barrels each.Fifty barrels is a pretty big package.Right. And each barrel weighed about four hundred to five hundred pounds, net.To be usable from yellow cake. Now the yellow cake was U-308?No, it was ammonium diurinate.And so there was still a lot of refining to do to get it down to U-235 or U-238, or whatever they were using.It was very pure, this product.' It was one of the250
 ROBERT R. PORTER #9purest products that was produced because we were very careful with this. On a U-308 basis the impurities were very low. So it would run maybe ninety-seven percent as U-308 with the ammonia and other stuff which is involved, you see. And the water crystallization is involved. So by the time you really burned it to U-308, it was a very pure product. But it still had to be refined.Was the process by which this was done, this refining, was that designed by you or was that process already done?Oh no, that was the final refining.Yeah. I mean the work that was done in making it into yellow cake.That was done at the individual plants by the ion exchange group which involved exchanging the material on nitrates, as I told you, ---?--- nitrates and then precipitating first with lime to get rid of the iron, and ammonia to precipitate yellow cake.Now after this, when was this plant, this sampling area, when was that completed?It was completed in time to receive the product from West Rand, which was 1952.FO: I see. So that you built it rather quickly.RP: Very quickly, I would say. And the big problem thereFO:RP: FO:RP:FO:RP:251
  ROBERT R. PORTER #9was getting material, filters, and this Proctor Ports dryer, which is a thing about from here to the garage--long.FO: Which I estimate would be about a hundred feet?RP: Yeah. And we had three of them.GT: Where were they made?RP: In the United States. They are United States made,and they are very useful products. There was no dust. FO: I see. Keeping the dust down.RP: Urn-hum.FO: Now you've got the system all running. When you havethe system of the mining, the refining, the sampling,the shipping, where did you go from there?RP: Well, let me go back a little bit. After the firstfour plants were installed, ten more came off. FO: Ten more?RP: Yeah, finally with the contract ending in 1967. These were all ten year contracts, 1952, 1962, for West Rand, Daggafontein, Western Reefs, and Blyvooruitsih, and then Stillfontein(?) was about a year later, but they all had ten year expiration dates.GT: Were those ten year periods for operational periods or construction periods?RP: No, they were entirely for financial reasons. FO: The financing of it?252
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 9RP: No, to get the money to make sure that they had aFO:RP: GT:RP:FO: RP:GT: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP: FO:damn good product.I see. So that the profit motive was right at the front.That was number one.Now were the contracts written with the A.E.C. and the British?Yeah, and with the British Atomic Agency, and A.E.C. Allen Jones was a part of that. A very good friend of mine.And he was from Grand Junction.Well, no. He was a mining engineer that originally carne out and joined the A.E.C. in Washington. Then he was just shipped to South Africa as a moocher. Then he came back and Jesse Johnson put him in charge of the Grand Junction operation.Of the A.E.C. operation.Yeah.And do you know where he was from originally?He was from somewhere in Colorado, but I'm not sure. He died, very sadly, not too long ago.Was it uranium associated?Not uranium associated.By this time, were there stringent requirements for handling uranium in South A frica?253
  ROBERT R. PORTER #9RP: FO: RP: FO: GT: RP:Yes, very much so.More stringent than in the U.S.?Very much.Oh really?Were they safety oriented?They were very safety conscious. And all of the plants were monitored all the time for dust, particularly around the children. It was more for silicosis than uranium because the two are combined, you see, because silica forms silicosis; and uranium, radiation. But the mist from the filters as you blow them off would release silica dust. And they were very, very careful about it. They had to be hooded. In the precipitation plant they were very careful. The air movement was terrific.Were you sur p r is e d at the stringency of the requirements?No, I insisted on them.Oh good. You say that they were even more stringent than the laws in the United States.Oh, very much at that time.Interesting, isn't it?       you see the Chamber of Mines has been very, very conscious of health hazards, particularly, silicosis. They're the founders of good hygieneFO:RP:FO:RP: FO: RP:254
 ROBERT R. PORTER #9---?---GT: What about them sponsored that concern and interest?RP: Well, it was purely the economics. I mean if you killed people, you've got to have them paid. And one of the things that they did was rotate the Blacks as soon as they could, so that they didn't get too much exposure.FO: So that the rotation was not really a political measure as we often read about it. Instead, it was a measure to protect their lives.RP: That's exactly right.GT: Well, you don't hear that.FO: We don't read that, Bob.RP: No, of course not.FO: We read it as a method of political control.GT: And also that there was a good deal of exploitation. RP: They paid low wages, sure, but these fellows wouldwork nine months, go back to their compound for three months and make a baby and come back and work nine contracts. Now, at the end of nine contracts, they had--the mines would look after all their money, if they wanted them to. They would put it into a bank and give them interest and all of this with their excess money because they didn't have anything to spend it on. And by the time they had all their nine255
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 9contracts in, they were very independent. They could go out and buy two cows, two wives, and sit under a tree for the rest of their lives. It was very nice. I'd like to be there. [laughter]FO: I'm not sure.RP: With two wives. [laughter]GT: I was going to ask you whether it was the two wivesor the two cows.RP: You had to have two cows to get two wives. The wiveswere counted in cows. GT: Acowawife.RP: Yeah.FO: And the demand for the jobs- - there was never ashortage of labor?RP: No. Mainly from Mozambique, outside of the Transvaal,and also South Africa, which were the Zulus, and theZulus and the Swazis.FO: Who were considered the best workers?RP: This was very interesting. You must realize that thevarious tribes are also tribal ---?---, and they formed their own unions among themselves. Now the Zulus never went anywhere.GT: Suspicious?RP: No, no, they were too much the big chiefs, and theywere the police boys, the security officers. 256
 ROBERT R. PORTER #9GT: Wherever there was position of power.RP: Yeah, they were there, and if anybody else tried tobreak in, well, it was trouble, other than the Zulus. Now, the Basutus, another tribe, they were a gang all of themselves, very similar to the Mohawk Indians. They were the shaft sinkers, and that's all they did. And they sank shafts, and they were fantastic. They hold all the world records for shafting.GT: Did they learn that kind of skill?RP: W ell, from Europeans, of course.GT: Over a long period of time?RP: Well, yes. When they were sinking a shaft, ifsomebody like a Swazi or a somebody else from another tribe came along, they'd get a rock on their head before they even went on the first shift. There was no fooling about it.FO: That was their jobs.RP: And they were ruthless that way. They'd get killed.Now the Shangaans, they were considered the low men on the totem pole. They were from Portuguese East Africa.FO: Would that be then what we called Mozambique?RP: Right, and there was a certain tribe up there. Now their job was primarily--nobody else would take it--was to empty all the honey carts underground, and257
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 9that was their job. So that this thing became tribal in every mine.GT: You really had a caste system that operated. Now would each group negotiate with the company?RP: They would get paid according to work, the skills involved. The shaft sinkers were well paid, comparatively with the Shangaans and the others, and they also had their own living quarters. They would never mix in the single quarters. Now you see, all of these fellows came in on single status when I was there except in the Free State. Sir Ernest Oppenheimer was very keen on getting family in, when the Free State started to come along, he built quarters for families.GT:RP:GT:RP: GT: RP:GT:Did it work?Yes.What about with those individuals that would have had more than one wife?Well, they had to bring their favorite wife.They could only bring one wife?Yeah, and not too many children because in their kraals there was always somebody to look after them. The other wife would look after the kids. But the one that came in would do the cooking.Just trying to plan the facilities to handle this258
  ROBERT R. PORTER #9kind of a structure must have been a rather interesting job. You have to figure out what each group's social life is.Yes. In calcine products we employed Zulus, although we only had about four or five Zulus because of security. Well, it was more than that. We had around-the-clock security. The operators were mainly from--oh, I think they were from northern Transvaal. Did the Zulus live right there?Yes, we supplied them with everything.Now, the time that you were there was until 1955. Right.What were you doing between '52 and '55?Well, there was a great deal of work to be done on the new mines coming in.So you worked as the metallurgist on those mines. Instructing and getting these other people that were just coming into the committee instructed on how they had to handle this thing. The other members of the committee at that time didn't have time. They were involved in their own operations. I was sort of a liaison, you might call it, or trainer, for the new metallurgical engineers that were coming into this committee.FO: Now, where were these new engineers trained? 259RP:GT: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:
 ROBERT R. PORTER #9RP: Oh, they were all from the mining houses themselves.They were consulting metallurgists in the mininghouses, but they knew nothing about uranium.FO: And so there was a lot to teach them within thecommittee structure that you had to operate in.RP: Right, and also to still make sure that they got materials for their new plant, and this is where my office came in with the stainless steel. We were still purchasing stainless steel and all the chemicals, and \-Je had to have resins and the new contracts for ion exchange things. So there was a lot to do. However, it got to a point where it becameFO: RP:FO: RP:RP:pretty routine, and I had a good assistant.Was your assistant a South African?Yes, well, this girl was fantastic. I told you about her. She knew where every piece of steel was.Oh yes, and she was of immense help to you.And also Stewart's committee was a very great help. Dave Stewart and the rest of them on the storage. And so they were a great help.[END OF SIDE ONE]However, in this period of time I also had some timeto do some thinking and some research on various methods of recovering uranium, particularly on the ion exchange side and testing new resins for their260
  ROBERT R. PORTER #9compatibility. We had quite a lot of problems with some of these resins because they would pick up impurities that you didn't want, and you couldn't get them off very easily. Particularly, one resin which we got from the United States picked up silica so badly that it became fouled very readily. This was a disaster for that particular resin. Also, all of the resins were prone to a compound called cobalticyanide. There was a little cobalt in the Rand ore that went in solution, and this, when it wentinto the cyanide process, it would dissolve and form a cobalticyanide which was also an anion, and it would catch onto the cation exchanger, and there was nothing we should do to get the thing off. We almost had to destroy the resin after it got foul. Now this was a big problem. I mean it wasn't going to shut us down, but it was expensive. So there was a lot of work to be done on that. We had a very fine--Dr. Robinson, who later became head of the N.I.M. which was then metallurgical institute, or the Institute of Metallurgical--and it's the finest one in the world. And he became head of that. Before that he worked for Anglo-American in their research division. So we had some good help on this. And also Kim(?)Atmore at Calcine Products had his finger in it as well as261
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 9Pinkney. So there were a lot of people working on these problems, and I had to sort of keep things under control there, but also I was doing some work on continuous ion exchange. And I installed a unit out there which was quite large for testing this particular unit which we had patented with the chamber. And I brought it back to this country. They've got the shop rights. And it was the basis for a couple of good patents that I had here.And you still have those patents?FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:FO:No, they're expired.How long did those patents last?Well, the U.S. patent was issued in 1962--seventeen years.Seventeen years then. It went out in '79.Yeah.And so this was a chance when you were able to advance your own theoretical knowledge a good deal. Right.Was it on the basis of their excellent labs? Were the labs well equipped?Very well equipped. The best equipment we could find in the world.So that you were better off in that lab than you would have been in a similar situation in the U.S.,262
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 9 really.RP: Well, maybe Watertown had the same equipment. We got some of the equipment from Watertown. And particularly the assaying facilities, we copied from some of the United States work.GT:RP:GT:RP: GT: RP: GT: RP: GT:RP:GT:It implies, Mr. Porter, that the chamber was willing to spend the money to get whatever you needed to do the development that you wanted to do.Absolutely.How did you handle that? Would you come in with a proposal and say I'd 1ike to do such and such. It's going to take about so much money?Exactly.And they'd give you approval. There was no problem.Never was turned down?Never.That implies two things. One, that they had a lot of trust in what you were proposing to them; and two, that they were making pretty good money off the operation.After the first four plants went into operation, they were clearing sixty million dollars a year so they weren't doing too bad.Not 1950 dollars. I'll say they weren't!263
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 9FO: How many total buildings--how many total plants, notthe buildings over them, but the plants themselves,how many did you design down there? RP: Fifteen.FO: Are they all still in operation?RP: No, some of them have been shut down because of thelow-grade ore. The higher-grade material and big-tonnage materials are still operating, and they are still producing around five thousand tons a year.FO: Five thousand tons of yellow cake.RP: Of U-308, not yellow cake, U-308.FO: Do you know where their market is?RP: Yes, mainly Japan and England and West Germany. GT: Any going into France?RP: No, France bought up most of their uranium from their own place in France. Also they have their research--they've contracted through Blind River and Key Lake and other Canadian interests, and Australia for their uranium. But they are very active in Chad and in Niger in A frica, in northern A frica.GT: And there are uranium deposits there.RP: Oh yes.FO: Did your family get to see much of you while--you seethe Rand has all of these mines strung out from West Rand clear out eastward from there. Good heavens, it264
 ROBERT R. PORTER #9seems like that was a long way to me.RP: Well, it was a day's trip back and forth and my work was main1y in Johannesburg in the offices. When the plants were commissioned, I had to go out and help them with their start-ups, but after they got going there was no need.FO: Now when you left Johannesburg, you left with the idea that you were going to take an extended vacation.RP: Yes, but also because when I had taken the trip back I made contacts in this country as a consultant, and I formed a little company with Seetan Prince and William(?)Mull as a consultant.FO: Here in Salt Lake City?RP: Salt Lake City. And before I officially quit, I cameover here to see what the prospects were. It lookedvery good.GT: Before you get into that, let me ask you a question,a kind of a review question on your African years. In that period of '51-'55, out of those accomplishments that you made that were considerable, which one sticks out in your mind as the most--the largest contribution from your viewpoint?RP: The West Rand Consolidated because that was the first. It went on line first, and we didn't know265
  ROBERT R. PORTER #9whether this ion exchange was going to work on a big scale or not. It was the first time it's ever been tried. It was the first time that anybody had designed anything of this character before. And when it worked, it worked just beautifully. It went off with--GT: When you look back over that experience in Africa are there any other comments that you have that you'd care to share with us about it?RP: Well, we had some very interesting experiences in Africa in that time. It might be interesting to note that at the same time that I was working here, I had a great opportunity to work on diamonds, a little bit on diamonds. And one of the fellows that was on the Copper Belt, Dr. Young, used to invite me out to the diamond research laboratory. This was industrial diamonds, but also it was interesting to see. They were experimenting and trying to make a mechanical cutter instead of the hand working of diamonds for cutting the facets. But the industrial diamonds were a very interesting thing because they would get large quantities of these stones in, and they were flawed, off color. They were very yellow or black even or some other various colors and various odd shapes and so on. So they put them through a jaw crusher to266
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 9sharpen up the points. Then they would set these diamonds in the diamond bits or the diamond saws. You'd see a vessel of diamonds, maybe a bushel, going down through a jaw crusher. It shook you a bit.GT: Now would these have been stronger, a diamond like this? Does it lose some of its strength capabilites?RP: No. You have to have sharp points.GT: That's the name of the game, isn't it?RP: Yeah.GT: And you could get that with a jaw crusher.RP: Well, or just breaking them any way. A diamond breaksGT:RP:very easily. It's similar to quartz. And, actually, you should be very careful with a big diamond because if they hit them hard, they'll crack. They're brittle.Is that right? You always think of a diamond as being a little harder than that.Oh, it's hard. The hardness is the toughest thing that there is. It's ten on the scale, and the next one is, oh, I think garnet or something like that except for the man-made ones. That's tungston carbide and so on. Now, these scales work on a logarithmic scale. A nine which may be a garnet, the diamond is ten times as hard.GT: Did you find working with the diamonds interesting? 267
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 9RP: Very interesting because of the various things thatGT: RP:have happened with them, their history, and also their various and sundry qualities. Now, one of the strange things about the diamonds was, as I think I told you, that they'd catch the diCJmonds on grease tables?Urn-hum.The ones from the Southwest had been covered up with the sea for many years, thousands of years, and wouldn't catch on the thing so you had various sundry things. Electrostatic one is now being used, and the visual- - they emit a ray when you hit them with ultraviolet so you can sort them very well with a mechanical sorter. And this is the way they are done now. There is very little final sorting.Hand sorting, huh.Then the bulk of them that came off from the sorting from the gang are evaluated and have to be done by very expert people to evaluate a gem stone from an industrial stone. It's a very interesting game.Did anything come out of your work in the diamond area that was--did you come up with any developments? Well, only the electrolysis of the bits. I think I told you about that.I also wanted to ask you about your family at thisGT: RP:GT:RP:GT:268
  ROBERT R. PORTER #9time. I suspect by now your wife was probably pretty anxious to get back to Salt Lake.RP: Not so.GT: She enjoyed it there.RP: It was a good life, a very social life and theGT:RP:GT:RP: GT:RP: GT:American club was very active. They had a unit called Martha Washington. And this was ladies from the American community which did a lot of charity work in the various compounds, raising money. We had big fund-raising units, and the ambassador's wife and everybody else was there. The thing was a very big organization. We had parties all the time. These were fund raisers. My wife was president there a couple oftimes, and of course we had lots of social life.What about the children with their schooling. Now you've commented earlier that the schools were pretty good.Very good.And your children--how old would your oldest have been when you came back to Salt Lake?Fifteen.So that child would have been a sophomore in high school about?Yes.And the youngest was how old?269
  ROBERT R. PORTER #9RP: Susan was six.GT: And how many children were there?RP: There were four.GT: That's a pretty good spread. In fact, was your oldestexcited or disappointed about coming back?RP: He lost a lot of good friends. He had some very fine girls, and we had a good swimming pool in our back yard, and had lots of social life for the children. They played cricket and they played soccer and rugby.GT: All of which they couldn't do when they got here.RP: No, well, the oldest son is still very active insoccer.GT: There wasn't organized high school soccer at thattime, was there?RP: There was one team at East High.GT: Was it difficult for your oldest son to fit into highschool here?RP: Quite, mainly because of their accent. They certainlydidn't have an American accent, and they didn't havea true British accent.GT: Kids make fun of it?RP: Oh, I'm sure they did.FO: This is the end of tape #9 in a series of interviewswith Robert R. Porter. The next tape will deal with his experiences in the U.S.A.270
  ROBERT R. PORTER #9[END OF TAPE]271
 OCTOBER 31 , 198 4, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, ROBERT R. PORTER I S BEING INTERVIEWED BY GREGORY THOMPSON AND FLOYD O ' N E I L . [TAPE f/10]FO: Mr. Porter, what happened? Now when you came back from South Africa, you went immediately from South Africa to Europe. Is this the trip in which you went to Antwerp?RP: Yes.FO: And then to Paris and then home.RP: That's right.FO: What time of year did you arrive in New York? Or wasRP:FO:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO:i t Boston?No, it was New York on the United States [vessel], and I think we covered that.Yes, we talked about that, and then you only were there for a couple of weeks.In New York.Now Mrs. Porter hadn't caught up with you yet.No, she was selling the house in Johannesburg.And so you came home by plane or train?We came by train, the children and I.Yes, in '55.In '55.What month was it?In February.Now were you all freezing to death again at getting272
 ROBERT R. PORTER #10 back to the U.S.?RP: Very much so. In other words, miserably cold in New Y ork.FO: Now in 1955 you had two children? or three?RP: We had four children in 1955.FO: All four of your children had been born.RP: Yes. Susan was the youngest. Philip was fifteen. FO: So that all four of the children were with you. RP: Yes.FO: Where did you stay when you came to Salt Lake?RP: With Mrs. Shepherd(?), Beverly's mother. Mother had died, and my father had given up the house on Butler Avenue, and so we moved in with her. My father had anapartment here, but--FO: And when you got here, what were your firstprofessional contacts?RP: Well, before I even got back I told you that we hadformed a little company with Seatan Prince and Bill(?)Mull, and I had offices in the Judge Building. But before I got back, why, Sisa had contacted Ronny Ehrlich of Rio Algom to contact me to meet with Rio Algom as soon as I got back. So the first contact was with Ehrlich and Bob Hart of Rio Algom in New York.FO: And you met them before you even came on West.RP: Well, no. I came on, settled the kids, and then went273
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0on to Toronto. As soon as I did that, they employed me. And the first unit that was to be built was Quirke Lake.FO: Where's Quirke Lake?RP: It is north of Blind River about thirty-five miles.FO:RP:And this is on the Big S, which I think I mentioned before.Yes, you mentioned that.And it 1 s the furthest north of the mining area. Also it was the flattest. It was better for mill construction on the first mill. So at that time, why, Ronny Ehrlich and I set up a program, and designed the flow sheet, and put out the contracts for the design and construction of the two plants then which was Quirke Lake, Nordic Lake, and Nordic, three operations that were to go in for Rio Algom.In this area, Quirke Lake, is that on the area that drains into the Hudson's Bay or is it on the Southern Shield?No, this is close to, it drains into Lake Huron. There were no roads in there originally.How did you get there? By train?Well, first flight in was by plane on pontoons on Quirke, but there was a road that we eventually built to get the construction materials in, but it wasn 1 tFO:RP:FO: RP:274
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0the final road. And this was a tough one. It was very, very rough. It was very wooded, up and down hills. Generally, the altitude doesn't change but the rolling hills and all outcrops of rock.FO: So that it was tough to get a road through it.RP: And also the forests and the muscathe(?) was a problem for getting roads in. And this was pretty cold country, and it was very difficult. We had toFO:RP:winterize everything; which was a little different than in South A frica.I'm sure. Did you take up residence up there?No, I commuted. My program was about a week a month-6 weeks depending on what the program was up there and how they were getting along. But I designed the plant, the ion exchange, ordered the resin, and we decided on the physical layout of the plant. And I designed the flow sheet.And did you do this work when you flew up there? Were you mainly stationed in Toronto, or were you out at Quirke Lake and Nordic?We were mainly either in the office in Toronto or in Kings Street, or we were at the contractor's offices, overseeing the drawings, Ronnie and I.Was there one contractor, or was it a series of contracts?FO:RP:FO:275
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0RP: Russ(?)Weigh got the initial contract for the firstFO: RP: FO: RP:three. And then there was another company that set up shop and general engineering. There were four contractors in all for the Blind River complex. Rio Kendall(?) had two.      had Russ(?)Weigh for the first three and then on Stanley, and Stan(?)Rock was a different contractor. My visits up there were periodic because they would wait and let me know when the drawings were finished, and we would go over a set of drawings and approve them for construction.Now you started there in the spring of '55.Well, it was February, March--Along in there. The early spring then.Early spring, and the snow was still on the ground in Blind River. There was very little construction going on then, and so there was no point in going to the mine. But in the early spring when they plowed a road in and started excavations from these drawings, why, I went in for one of the early ---?---.Now, ultimately, how many plants were built up there to process the ore?There were six Rio Algom plants.And were you the mineralogist for all of those? Metallurgist for all of the Rio Algom plants. I designed the ion exchange section for Dennison, whichFO:RP: FO: RP:276
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0was the largest of the mines. That was ten thousand tons a day. And Can(?)Met later merged into Dennison, but those were separate companies.FO: And you worked for those companies as well. RP: Right.FO: Did Rio have any difficulty with that?RP: No, not at all.FO: Yes, I see.RP: It was a joint effort for everybody. Everybody wantedto get that uranium out and as fast as possible. Now there was a little feeling between Dennison and Rio Algom over a claim dispute. Because they were down- dipped, they had to go much deeper. Rio Algom's Quirke Lake was on the out-crop. Dennison drilled deeper into the valley on the down-dip side from the Rio Algom property and picked up the vein. To form the S, the vein went like this, and there was--it was a syncline.FO: And they went to the syncline. Did that make it more expensive to mine the ore?RP: It made it deeper. It made it more expensive to put in the shafts and stuff.FO: Was the quality of the ore different?RP: There was a little higher grade, but very little init. The tenor of the grade is about two pounds per 277
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0ton all the way through.FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:That isn't much, is it?That's why--What was the cake selling for then?They were separate contracts, and they got about eleven dollars.Oh, you mean they can do all that and make it pay at--Twenty-two dollars.--at twenty-two dollars a ton?Oh yes.I see. It sounds phenomenal to me, especially with the costs of building clear up there on the Lawrencian Plateau.Right. It was tough, and it was expensive, but again they had government grants on loans on the construction part of the thing. Rio Algom had to put up a certain amount of money, about half. And they got Canadian loans for the other half.Now where did Canada market this yellow cake?The U.S.A.E.C. had full contract, and it went on down for further refining to El Dorado, which is a Canadian branch of their refining branch in the A.E.C. The other part went down into the Cleveland area for processing. We produced a good class of278
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0 yellow cake plant.FO: Now when you worked there and worked for Rio Algom and for Dennison and these people, did you ever spend more than like a week a month there?Oh yes, for Dennison. But, in the meantime, I also was negotiating right at the beginning with Harry Trammer on Lucky Mac.RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:FO:Before we turn to Lucky Mac, tell me how long you were involved at the Blind River complex.Altogether?Yes.From the inception it took four years for the final plant, and I was still retained by them for about another five years.So that you didn't really leave there until well into the sixties.That's right. Well, my contract with them was that I would spend so much time a month as a consultant, just go up a couple of days a month after the plants got started.And you would do that by commuting from Salt Lake by airplane, I take it.Right. I'd take American Airlines to Chicago and then right on to Toronto.Now these, as contracts, while you were there, did 279
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0you have any hassle from the Canadian government? Was being paid by a foreign government while resident in the United States a big hassle?Not at all.Not at all, huh?No, I paid Canadian income tax on the money I made up there, but I deducted that from my U.S. income tax.So it worked out fine. And the taxes were taken-- Were comparable.Yeah, sure, about the same.Now, there was one other thing I should mention I think. It's rather interesting. Prior to the start-up, or before Rio Algom which was a branch of Rio Tinto in London which was run by a fellow named Sir Val Duncan, and he was a ball of fire. He was one of the finest financiers in the whole world. They'd sold the Rio Tinto mine in Spain, and Rio Tinto, the company, had holdings in the Copper Belt in northernRP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:FO:Rhodesia and also the mine in Spain. And they sold the mine in Spain for about thirty million dollars to the Spanish government. It was nationalized. He took that thirty million and parlayed this thing into the largest mining company in the world. He was quite a ball of fire.Is it still the largest? 280
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:FO: RP: FO:RP:Yeah.Is that right?With all their holdings.And are their mines principally in Canada and Africa? No, they have C.R.A. in Bougainville, Australia. They have U.S. Borax in the United States.So it's really broad.Oh, its holdings are tremendous. It's even bigger than Anglo. They have Palabora in Africa which is your only paying copper mine in the world today. Bougainville is huge.What do they produce at Bogainville?Copper and gold.At this time with the Canadian work there was a rapid expansion in the demand for uranium ore.That's right. Everybody was looking for it, and this was after the South African contracts had been let, and the government had put no ceiling on how much they would buy. They'd buy any amount if you had a contract. But you had to come in under a certain price and schedule. They fixed the price in the United States at eight dollars a pound as crude ore into the buying stations, if you'll remember that.FO: Yeah, sure.RP: And all the prospectors from all over the country and281
  ROBERT R . PORTER # 1 0everybody were making their uranium deals.FO: Even I prospected.RP: But everybody was buying a geiger counter. So in anycase, this was a big deposit ---?---. But I wanted to tell you about Pronto. When Joe Hirshb..orn so1d his Blind River properties to Rio Algom, he retained the Pronto section, which was right down on the railroad. It was the furthest leg of the S, and this was the first plant that went in. It was a small plant, I think fifteen hundred tons a day, comparatively. But they had quite a few problems with it because nobody knew how to design one. I was now in Africa at the time that this was designed, and they mucked up the ion exchange section pretty good, and so, old Joe asked me if I would try to straighten the thing out while I was up because he still had a big interest in Rio Algom. He was on the board of directors and all that sort of thing. So I went to a board meeting there with Joe. In the meantime, he had built this huge place out on Lake Huron, a lodge, and so we went out there and then came back to the office. In the office of the plant, he had hung a lot of hispaintings in the mine office [laughter] and some ofthe statues. GT: My land!282
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0FO: Good Lord, they were up in Ontario.RP: Yeah.FO: The same art that's in the Hirshhorn in Washington? RP: Exactly. Not all of it, but--FO: Of course not.RP: But some of it in the lodge.FO: Can you remember any of the artists that wererepresented?RP: No, it was just too vast for me, but they were allmodern art, and I knew nothing about art.FO: That's interesting.RP: And when I went to the board meeting at Pronto todiscuss how we were going to modify and how much money it was going to take to fix up Pronto. [laughter]FO: To fix up the Pronto plant, huh?RP: Yeah, Joe was there, and he had seven telephones infront of him. He was in contact with the various brokers all over New York and Chicago and San Francisco, and he'd pick up one phone, "Yes, buy this," pick up another right during the meeting, he says, "Go on, go on, go on, I'm listening." He was that kind of a guy.GT: Was it difficult for you to deal with that? RP: No.283
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0GT: RP: FO:RP: FO:RP:FO: RP: FO: GT:RP: GT: FO:RP:FO:You got use to it?I only had two meetings with him in the board room. But he was really actually as frenetic as people talked about him when he gave the Hirshhorn Museum. Oh yeah.Really, that kind of a--almost like a stock figure out of a movie.Yes, well he got a lot of money out of this deal. I think that his net take was over seventy-five million.Seventy-five million dollars out of Blind River?That was his net.Whew! That's impressive work.Did you mention, Mr. Porter, what year he sold that property?He sold that in 1954.That was a lot of money for then.Yeah, you see it would be worth nearly three times that now.Well, that's why he was able to donate the Hirshhorn Museum. I mean, as an individual they all talk about Charlie Steen and his fifteen million and that sort of thing. He was peanuts compared with Joe.Obviously. Now, when you straightened out the Pronto plant, were you working still for--284
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0RP: Rio Algom, on a retainer.FO: On a retainer, and they had bought that plant from-- RP: No, they never bought Pronto.FO: I see, they just--RP: Joe kept that as a play thing.FO: I see. Did it make him money too?RP: Yes, oh yes, but it was a small plant, and his costsFO:RP:were higher.And did you have a tough time straightening the plant out?Not too bad. They did have a disaster though that was there. Oh, it was about three years after it got started, and these were wood-staved tanks. The agitators were wood-staved tanks. In order to protect them against acid and, of course, they were redwood and very well constructed. But they were banded with steel bands covered with polypropylene or P.B.C., one of the plastics anyway, to hold them together. Well, the acid got to one of these bands in between and broke two or three on one side, and this thing collapsed with five hundred tons of mud in it. These were very close together. It went to the next one, and it collapsed. It was like a domino effect, and knocked down all the agitators. Fortunately, nobody was killed.285
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0FO: Good Lord, I can imagine that much mud scatteredaround there. You don't remember how long they weredown, do you?RP: It was quite a few months--cleaning up and gettingback into shape. They put steel, rubber-lined tanksin after that.FO: Yes, I can see why.RP: Now, one of the things that was interesting about theBlind River project was the fact that it was at the time of the steel shortage. I think it was the steel shortage after the Korean war.FO: Yes, there was still a shortage.RP: Very severe shortage, and we couldn't get shapes. Sothat the construction of the plants, Nordic and the inside construction of Nordic and Nordic Lake were laminated wood--beams, and these were very resistant to fire. They are much more satisfactory than steel because steel will melt, but these things didn't.GT: Bend, sort of.RP: Burned slowly, charred.GT: Give slowly, don't they?RP: They don't fall down, particularly if they'relaminated and compressed. They're very satisfactory and, of course, they were acid-proof, so they didn't have to be painted. And they weren't too damn much286
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0more expensive than steel. Now one of the big problems we had which I think you wanted to know a little about was procurement of the filters andstainless parts from this country. And Eimco had one- half of the contract. Lynn Peterson had the other half.GT: Both in Salt Lake.RP: Right. Now we didn't have too much trouble withdelivery from Lynn, but the delivery of these filters from Eimco was very bad and their promises were no good. So part of my job was to try and expedite these things and go down and have them make a progress report every week. They were lying. We never got delivery on these things, and it was late. And it was a very bad situation up there because these guys were under the gun, I mean in their contracts. They wanted to get going, and I think that these deliveries were at least six months late.GT: I've been told that on other kinds of things. Did you ever get a description as to what the problem was?RP: They had every excuse in the world except the right excuse which was that they were too damn busy, and they didn't have the plant facilities. They undercut everybody on their bidding to get the job and didn't have the facilities to make it. It was too big for287
 ROBERT R. PORTER #10 them.GT: Who would have been their competitors that-- RP: Dor(?)Oliver.GT: Would have been the main competitor?RP: Yeah.GT: Anybody in Dor(?)Oliver, individual, that--did you work with Dor(?)Oliver?RP: Oh yes.GT: Who were some of the people you worked with?RP: Well, I worked with Neil Monroe. He was from SouthAfrica, and Bateman in South Africa. They built half of the filters in South Africa, which was the Dor(?)Oliver filter.GT: But where was Dor(?)Oliver-- FO: Stop.[end of side one]RP: Well, Dor(?)Oliver was the main competitor, and theiroffice was on Park Avenue in New York. But their laboratory and the business offices was in Norwalk, Connecticut.FO: Is that where they manufactured it?RP: No, that was their laboratory. They manufactured inPennsylvania--subcontracted. They also had ion exchange equipment, but they could never get in because they were too fancy. Dor(?)Oliver put in the288
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0Pronto ion exchange. That was one of the problems.GT: RP: GT:RP: GT: RP: GT: RP:Does that mean they were also expensive?Also very expensive.Tell us a little bit about Peterson and his operation. You implied that you got to know that operation quite well. Who were the principal people involved?Well, there was Lynn and his father.What was his father's name?J. W. I think.Were they an old Salt Lake family?Yes, Peterson was an Eimco man, and he designed filters for Eimco, and then started his own business, got mad at them, and he was the best filter man in the country on design. Now, it's interesting that when I came back I introduced to both Lynn and to Eimco the dual-ported valve which was the South African thing, and it greatly improved their normal filter characteristics on the drum filters. This valve on the end of the filter--of course, it all had to be stainless, but it introduced a blow cycle which reduced the moisture in the cake, the filter cake. It was that. So they both used that same design here on the drum filter.Did you have a lot of problems with other suppliesFO:289
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0rather than the filters?RP: Oh yes. Everybody was slow. It was one of those things at that time, stainless was hard to get, and consequently there were some problems. However, the main things like ball(?)mouths and that sort of thing out of Canada Dominion Iron. The Canadian government put a very high priority on these plants, and they expedited everything that they could. Actually, El Dorado was very good about getting these plants goingGT:RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:in every way they could. They helped every way they could.How many people would you say at the height of Blind River were employed in the entire field?This varied because of construction. The peaks were during construction periods, and the plants would come in at various times. The operations would reduce the number of people, and then the peak would be about three thousand on a plant.And how many plants were there?Six.So that you had as many as upwards of twenty thousand people in there.Yes, and the little town of Elliot Lake was the final township, and the Canadian government put in the infrastructure and the paved roads to Elliot Lake290
 ROBERT R . PORTER # 1 0which is the main complex, right in the middle of the Blind River area. And I was there at the opening of their hotel, and it was a shambles. It had been a dry camp. Well, it wasn't dry because you went down at Blind River and got whatever they wanted, beer by the case or the carload. But this was the official opening of the beer hall and so on, and there were more problems there. Also the brothel was there inFO: RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:FO:trailer camps, in the trailers. The girls were all lined up in the red light district. It was strictly illegal, but nobody paid attention to it.Sure. It was a mining town.Right. It was pretty wild.Where did you stay when you stayed there?They had a guest house at the camps.And as they built in, did they bring families and schools and--?Yes, that was all part of the Elliot Lake compound, and it became a very large, I think, of fifty, sixty thousand people.Is it still operating, mining uranium?Yes, they are still operating there, but the thing has shrunk definitely because of the many plants that have shut down.Yeah, because of the lack of demand worldwide for--291
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0RP:FO:RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:Yes, now there's only three mines operating on a limited scale. Quirke is operating full scale. Nordic is operating full scale, and Dennison.How long has it been since you've been back to the Blind River area?I was back in 1970.I see, and that's the last. Would you call that an important facet in your career, the work you did at Blind River?Yes, very definitely. I think it was a very interesting facet, but--Did it ever develop into a full-time job?No. I made it a point never to be employed by anybody but my own self, and I didn't want to form a company. I had opportunities to--like a couple of my cohorts, colleagues. Al Ross in particular, he formed his ownmetallurgical company, called it Al Ross and Associates, and had about ten guys working for him. But this didn't appeal to me because of trying to go out and rustle jobs. All you'd do would be rustling jobs and trying to pay the help.FO: Sure, and you'd rather just handle it on your own.RP: And they wanted me and nobody else.FO: Sure, and so it worked out perfectly. What other jobsdid you have at this time while you working at Blind 292
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0 River?RP: Well, to go back to when I first got back from Africa, Harry(?)Cranmer of New Park Mining here in Salt Lake came to me and knew of my reputation, and he had invested quite heavily in property in Wyoming called the Lucky Mac. And--FO: What kind of a mine is Lucky Mac?RP: It is a uranium mine in a sand, clay formation insedimentary rock, and very recent, geologically. And there was an outcrop there that showed promise. It was discovered by a fellow named Neil(?)McNeish. That's where the Mac came in. And he and a driller and an attorney got one million shares. Harry bought in one million shares at a dollar a share, and I don't think he put that much in, but that was the bag of it, and a million shares were put out to the public as a company. Anyway, they had a very small prospecting outfit up there and hadn't developed too much ore, and what was opened up was low grade. But this is one of the reasons. It was because I was used to handling low-grade ores that they asked me if I would have a look at this thing. Well, it looked feasible if you could get enough tons. So that in order to get more finances and do a lot more drilling, Seaten Prince who was one of my associates293
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0and was related to the Brownings by marriage and, consequently, to Utah Construction knew they were looking for mining interests. The only mines that they had were down in Cedar City. They were purely a construction company at that time. And anyway, we negotiated, Szat(?) and I and Bill negotiated with Utah and Harry and made a good deal for them to come in and put up some money to do extensive drilling --- ?-- - And they did. There were a lot of acres up there that Harry and Lucky Mac had located, and also a couple of school sections which were big. Vitro had a pit close by, and there was also a buying station in Riverton. So little bits of ore were coming in from up around, and there was some ore in the stockpile, the buying station at Riverton, and this would be a basis for a mill. Well, after Utah stopped drilling, we found that this ore was in complete unequilibrium, nuclear unequilibrium, the reason being that uranium had been leached out from the upper strata and left the daughter products which were radioactive, but no uranium. The radium and so on is insoluble and wouldn't move. But down below you got into a black area where the uranium had precipitated from the leaching area, and this was a black ore, and it was the other way. That is, that294
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0the ore down there didn't register.GT: But it was good ore.RP: Oh, good ore. It was very good ore. We realized thatthis was happening when Utah drilled it. Vitro had got down to this black ore in their pit and realized that this was happening, and it turned out that it looked 1ike a go. So the deal was that Utah would take six million in shares, and three million shares would stay in the hands of the others. I got a few, quite a few. And Szat(?) got quite a few. And we did all right on this project. I was retained then at a very fancy salary or a retainer by Utah to design the plant in the Gas Hills because we had enough ore to go though the commission to get the contract.GT: Had you ever seen this kind of a situation before?RP: No, this was unusual, and it still is unusual. I think--well, there is one place in Australia where a similar occurrence occurs where you have these, what they call a roll-front formation. And this was a start of the Utah International--or UtahConstruction's venture into big-scale mining.FO: Was it the Lucky Mac?RP: It was the Lucky Mac, and it was extreme1yprofitable. FO: Oh, was it?295
 ROBERT R. PORTER #10RP: My God! We produced uranium for two dollars and fiftycents a pound and sold it for nine.FO: I would say that that was not bad. Congratulations.That's very interesting.GT: That nine dollar figure was set by the A.C., wasn'tit?RP: Well, it was under contract. It wasn't on circularfor whatever that number was--four, I think it was. And you see each mill then at that time was negotiating contracts based on the cost plus. Now you would go in and say your costs were hellish high, you'd pad these things to the commission, naturally, because you wanted to make sure that you were on the right side. If they would accept it, why, that was all right. But they were tough negotiators, I'll tell you. They had done their homework. And it was hard.RP: But, anyway, I was the chief negotiator with Bud Wilson and Tony(?)Messia. Now Tony(?)Messia was killed in a very tragic accident. He was a great guy. He and the chief geologists for Lucky Mac were in an airplane accident down in Cedar City.FO: They were running the iron mine down there?RP: That was part of Tony's job. He was in charge of the mining division, and he wanted to expand the mining division. That's the only reason why Utah got in.296
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0Now, this is where I had contact with Marriner Eccles and Allen(?)Christensen. Allen was president of Utah, and Marriner(?), of course, was part of the Browning-Eccles empire--and during these negotiations and also later.GT: What kind of individual was Marriner?RP:FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:He was a very good man to talk to. I understand he was kind of tough with his people, but I had no problem with him. He was a very fair to negotiate with, or he and Allen both. This operation became huge--Lucky Mac. It covered miles of open-pit areas. Miles of open pit?Yes.Good heavens. Was it a narrow vein that was a long narrow vein?It went like a snake.I see, and you just kept following it.Following it on these various roll-fronts, and its average depth was probably two hundred feet. Now, the ore itself varied from five feet on the fringes of the roll front to about thirty feet on the nose. Andit was very difficult to establish these areas, and everything had to be sampled. It was difficult because of the disequilibrium. The roll fronts were like this and with a hollow center where the297
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0solutions had come forward this way and deposited uranium ahead of them.FO: Mr. Porter is describing a system where material would flow then flow backwards forming a U shape, a lying down U shape sort of thing. Is that right?RP: With a wide nose.FO: With a wide nose and then thinning out to the back. RP: Like a steak--a salmon steak.FO: Thank you. We needed the explanation there.RP: But the overburden was to ore ratios in all of thesethings was about fifty yards of overburden to one tonof ore.FO: That's a lot of overburden.RP: Right. Consequently, you had to move a lot ofrock or a lot of dirt. Now, fortunately this stuff being very sandy, didn't require any blasting.FO: None?RP: None. It was scrapers and casts to push the scrapersand self-loading scrapers and drag lines. Actually, at the peak of the operation at Lucky Mac, we were probably moving as much tonnage in overburden as Utah Copper to get fifteen hundred tons of ore a day.FO: That's a remarkable kind of an operation.RP: Well, it took a big construction company to be able298
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0 to do it.FO:RP: FO:RP: F0: RP: FO:RP: FO: RP:And they cou1d mine with their construction equipment.That's right.Oh I see, therefore it made it sensible for them to get into the mining business. Now once they got into that was that the taste that made them--Go.That's it.That supplied all their money.Good Lord. And they become a world-wide mining company now.That's right. They're part of G.E.Yeah.Well, they were bought out by Broken Hill, Australia. A year later, I was working with Lanier(?)company and Phil Meritt(?) out of Minneapolis. This was after Steen's findings in Lisbon Valley. Ed Snyder(?) and Foley Construction, and American Zinc out of St. Louis had formed a complex and the work was done by the commission to treat the ores from the LisbonValley at the new mill at Moab which would go up. They had a buying station at Moab, and this was an acid leach and what they called an R.I.P. plant which was resin in pulp. It's a different process, but it299
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0uses the same resins. You don't need filters or anything with it, but because of the high lime content of the Lisbon Valley ores, it was expensive. They had to ship a great deal of acids right out of Salt Lake, and it was pretty high. And so they were getting about twelve dollars a pound for their uranium because of their negotiation from the commission, you see, to get the amortization and so on. And so Phil Meritt said, "Well, there's several loose ends out there in Lisbon Valley. Hecla has a property. Odlum has a property out there and Federal. And Payne Kibbe has a property out there in the Lisbon Valley uranium." Their ores were to go to Moab. He said, "Well, I think we can make a deal here if you can go through the commission," and so designed a carbonate leach plant, which is a natural for that ore, and contemplated it right at the mine, or right on Red's ranch, right at the foot of La Salle Mountains. And we got the water rights, and it went through the commission, and got the price of eight dollars a pound for the yellow cake. This was a tough negotiation because the commission didn't know what to do. Here a guy comes in with an eight dollar a pound price, and here they're paying eleven dollars at the Atlas Mill. Allen Jones was then the head of300
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 0the A.E.C., and I knew him in Johannesburg. He said to me, he said, "You son of a bitch." Well, delete that, but anyway, "You've done it again," and he said, "I don't know what to do. Can't you make a deal, get Odlum to--" Odlum was the back-up on this.FO:Stop.[END OF TAPE]301
   ROBERT R. PORTER #11ROBERT R. PORTER, 10 / 31 / 84, TAPE #11.RP: --and Allen Jones asked if we couldn't make a deal with Atlas to get the commission off the hook because they didn't want two mills there. There wasn't enough ore. It would have closed the Snyder mill down, Uranium Reduction Company they called it at that time. They only had the Steen ore, so this put everybody in a sweat. Odlum was the backer of the thing with the Federal Mine and Payne Kibbe with the Lisbon Valley, but Floyd was going to put up all the money and Atlas Corporation. And so after much negotiation between Odlum and Ed Snyder(?) and Dick Young from the zinc company, they finally compromised on a deal whereby they would pay Steen--Steen had an interest in this mill too--pay Steen so much, buy him out, and buy out the Uranium Reduction holders and let it go on from there. In consequence of these negotiations, I was practically commuting to New York, with Phil Merritt being in New York with Lanier(?) and Odlum in New York in the summer and at the ranch in the winter.FO: And his ranch you were commuting to was in Indio, California.RP: Well, several times, but only when there were 302
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 1negotiations. It was rather interesting that this was a time when Jacquelynn Cochran was running for congresslady down in the Indio area. She was Odlum's wife. She had two secretaries and an airplane, of course, being at aviatrix, and she would fly all over the country campaigning in this airplane. There were severalpeople that always visited Odlum at this ranch. He had a constant stream of visitors, and there were some beautiful guest houses scattered all over. This ranch was not a ranch as you'd know it. It was a day farm and golf course, skeet shooting, a huge swimming pool, which he kept at eighty degrees because of his arthritis. The main purpose of keeping the ranch was to get in that pool and the warm weather because he had very bad arthritis. He founded the Arthritis Foundation. The interesting part of our visitsto the Odlum ranch, Mrs. Porter would go down with me, and we would fly down in one of the planes of Odlum Or Federal. They had a landing strip right there, and so it was no big deal to get into the ranch. But this was a working day(?) farm. FO: Ah yes.303
   ROBERT R. PORTER #11RP: And it had a golf course, a nine-hole golf course.GT: Hard-working.RP: Yes.FO: Skeet shooting.RP: Skeet shooting, and a swimming pool, and horseriding, and it was quite well set up, and a lot of guest houses were in it. And Floyd's sons were there in the thing, but he was always having visitors come in. He would invite everybody from RKO. Rosalyn Russell was there one time when I was there, very interesting person. She was writing in a separate room. But at the main ranch where they held the social functions and the dining room and so on, it was huge. And at one end he had taken and outlined a thunderbird in silver about a half an inch thick, so all the outline of the thunderbird and the wings wasall inserted with florescent minerals. FO: Uranitite?RP: Well, some of the florescent uranium minerals and calcite and that fluoresced. He had this huge fireplace. It was about twenty-five feet long, and then this was over the thing, and the bird covered the whole thing, so you can see how big this was.FO: Wow!RP: One time when we were down, there were two gentlemen.304
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 1One was Sid Richardson and the other was George Allen, who was a great friend of Sid's and Odlum's, and he wrote the book, Presidents that Have Known Me.FO: Yes, he was quite the operator in Washington.RP: Right. We hadn't been back from Africa too long. Beverly didn't know Sid Richardson, who he was, but he got talking about his oil, little oil, and he'd done some drilling, some rough necking in his early days before he got started. And so she asked Sid Richardson if he had some oil wells, and he just said, "Well, I have a few." And when I'd asked him,he said he just got a billion barrels . [laughter]FO: I think that this is a good point to stop, and this will be the total amount on this tape on either side.End of interview nine. [tape 11] [end of tape]305
   THE FOLLOWING IS A TAPE-RECORDED INTERVIEW WITH ROBERT R. PORTER, CONDUCTED BY GREGORY THOMPSON AND FLOYD O ' N E I L . WE ARE SPEAKING IN THE PORTER HOME ON FEDERAL WAY ON MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1985. [TAPE #12]FO: Mr. Porter, where were you when we ended last time? RP: I think that we had discussed my involvement with Utah Construction at the Lucky Mac mine, and in my relationship with Mr. Odlum with the AtlasGT:RP:GT: RP:Corporation. And following that, I joined Mr. Arentz, and I set up an office on 520 East Fourth South in which we had a laboratory in the basement. We weren't partners, but we had joint facilities. At the same time, Mr. Lockwood Ferris, who was responsible for the development of the potash deposits out in Wendover, joined us in the laboratory and also Sid(?)Alderman, a geologist, and also a salt chemist were in our office.Was it basically a consulting group?Yes, but we didn't have any joint ventures. It was just an office convenience in order to share expenses.A shared office arrangement.Yes, and each one of us had our own individual clients. I worked out several consulting jobs out of there. In this capacity at Shirley Basin in Wyoming, Utah Construction had opened up a new mine which was306
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2very rich in uranium, but it was very deep and they had already sunken the shaft, which was a disaster, because it was caving, and the costs were so exorbitant for mining that we decided to try a new technique, which was solution mining. I was responsible for starting this project off. And in this case, we injected nitric acid into a four-spotFO:RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO:RP: FO:pattern for an injection well. The adjoining injection wells in which we injected nitric acid produced an effluent with stainless steel pumps. From this we precipitated the uranium and sent the product over to Lucky Mac for refining.Now let me just ask you, did the nitric acid go down in solution.Yes, oh yes.Was it a water solution?It was a solution of water and a very weak solution of nitric acid, about fifteen grams per liter.I see, and did that melt--?It dissolved the uranium out of the ore.Out of the ore so that you didn't have to pump a great deal out.Well, what we pumped was the solution.In that area how big--you say you would put down four holes to put this solution in?307
   ROBERT R. PORTER #12RP: Yes.FO: And how far apart were they?RP: They were fifty feet from each corner with a centerrecovery well, and then there was an adjacent floor. We worked about five patterns at once. This was successful, and this operated for quite some time, even during the winter in Shirley Basin where it got fifty below zero. [laughter] And we constructed the precipitation and the injection facilities in a Quonset hut which was an old workshop for the mine. And it was very small, but very effective. Well, as time progressed with this thing, we could see that we had to have a little better product than the crude precipitate that we made which was sent to Lucky Mac for reprocessing into yellow cake, and particularly with nitric acid in the circuit, it didn't help their situation over there. So I conceived the idea of using a very dilute solution of sulfuric acid, very dilute until we had solubilized all of the calcium carbonate which was in the formation as calcium sulfate which was above its solubility, and then injected a stronger solution of sulfuric acid after that. And then this was put into an ion exchange column, which was my development of continuous ion exchange which I'd conceived in South Africa. This308
   ROBERT R. PORTER #12was a very effective way of getting uranium out of the ore as a hydrate product. After precipitation we sent that product in tank trucks to Lucky Mac forjust drying and packaging. This cut down the freightand handling charges considerably.FO: Was the end product yellow cake?RP: Yes. This was the first application of solutionmining in the United States or in the world of uranium.GT: Is that right? Tell us what year we're talking about here.RP: Nineteen sixty-five.GT: You drilled, you did the initial drilling in '65?RP: Urn-hum.FO: How deep were the holes?RP: They were five hundred feet.FO: Oh my goodness! You mean you were mining that fardown?RP: Yes, into the uranium-bearing formation.FO: Oh I see. So there were a lot of gallons of fluidgoing down there.RP: Yeah, and one of the reasons that this was soeffective was that this was an aquifer, but it was stationary, fairly stationary. There was no migration of the solution so that you could contain the309
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2solutions within the patterns. Our patterns were kind of like a clover leaf.GT: By patterns, now, describe for me the non-initiated, are you talking about the drill patterns?RP: Yes, what we would do is take an individual pattern and put that down, and then another one a little ways away from that so that we could get the clover-leaf effect, and then come back and mine out the center.GT:RP: GT:RP:So that when you talk about these patterns, did the pattern consist of a center hole and the surrounding holes or was it the surrounding hole to the center hole?It was the surrounding hole to the center hole.0kay, and you varied how you dri11ed those surrounding holes.No, we kept them on a very methodical pattern of fifty-foot spacing, a geometric square because actually a little while later we found that there was a slight migration of the solution. We offset the production hole to a three-spot pattern, and the production hole was moved downstream slightly. But it worked very, very well and very cheaply.Is the solution mining of uranium patentable?No, it wasn't. They were very, very interested in it, of course. Everybody was wondering what the hell \-JeFO: RP:310
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2were doing. [laughter]GT: I bet there was a lot of interest in the industry.RP: Well, they knew that we were doing something.FO: Did you up production a long way that way?RP: Well, at that time Lucky Mac was producing about twomillion pounds a year of uranium, U-308, and our production was about twenty thousand pounds a year. It wasn't a major contributor to the production, but it did insure a way of getting Shirley Basin into production, which was necessary under the A.E.C. contracts.FO: Now who owned the ore?RP: Utah Construction.FO: So that you actually set up two different kinds ofextraction methods out there.RP: That's right, in Wyoming.FO: How long did you work in Wyoming?RP: Well, off and on until 1975. I was consulting forUtah Construction. I also worked for Federal up there in Wyoming and for Susquehanna Western, but only on the milling side of it, not on the solution mining. The first concept of solution mining was in Shirley Basin, and that was the only successful one until about '82. Until then, that was the only successful operation in Wyoming.311
 ROBERT R. PORTER #12GT: Where did it go, where did they try it then in '82? RP: Several of the companies found out the technique andexperimented on them. I did several feasibility studies for several companies including Bear Creek, and Getty, and a couple of others.GT: What were the big problems that you had to overcome in the solution?RP: There was no big problem other than this calcium sulfate, which was a migration of the ore, which would block the formation if you got your acidity too high. Now, it was interesting that later Shirley Basin went to an open pit mine. They dug those trenches five hundred feet deep, and the benches were very bad. The stability of the slopes was very bad, and they had continual cave-ins. But we opened up the old solution mining areas, and we could see the effect of the solution mining and see how the recovery was. Well, it was very good. It was surprisingly good.GT: That was really interesting for you to be able to do that.RP: Yes, this was a very interesting experiment. Well, it was more than an experiment.GT: But I'm sure it's not often that you get to come in and rip away the surface to actually look at what's312
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2 going on.RP: That's right.GT: Would you estimate for us, if you can in percentageterms, of what the solution style of extraction had removed in terms of ore body. Was it like sixty percent or seventy percent?RP: What we did was measure from the drill holes the amount of uranium over a certain width that we figured that the solution was getting to, and from these drill holes we would calculate an aperture. Now, the patterns varied from a recovery of a hundred and fifty percent to down to forty percent, but it averaged about seventy-five, we think over the period. There was one hole that never did stop. It was amazing. We couldn't get it down to depletion. There was a very high-grade bunch of ore in there that wasn't in the calculations.FO: It sounds 1ike that wou1d be an inexpensiveextraction.RP: It was very, very inexpensive as long as we kept itsimple, and then we were producing uranium for aroundthree dollars a pound. FO: What was it selling for? RP: Eight to ten.FO: That's a good mark-up.313
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2RP: The advantage of this was very low capital cost,initial capital cost, but when we were using acid, of course, the cost of the drilling, and we would recover the pipes. They were stainless steel pipes.GT: And you'd just pull them back out.RP: Pull them back out, but it was a tough job. There wasfour or five hundred feet of pipe there.FO: A lot of friction.GT: What was the cost of producing the yellow cake in theopen pit mine?RP: Later, you mean?GT: Just so we have a comparison to that three dollarfigure you give.RP: This was a small production so you have a unitizedproduction, but at Lucky Mac, even taking into the capital cost, they were about three dollars and fifty cents.GT: So you were undercutting them.RP: Yes, but only because of our low capital cost.GT: Describe for us how you viewed that whole process indiscovery, and the application of the thing. Do youhave any thoughts about it personally?RP: Oh yes, I thought it was a great thing and, ofcourse, I developed it later in south Texas to a far greater degree with U.S. Steel.314
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2GT:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:By a far greater degree, do you mean you applied it in a bigger process?Much bigger area and at a rate of a million pounds a year.Were you mining uranium in south Texas as well?Yes.Where?This was quite a bit later, but it was at a ranch called George Burns, which is about sixty miles out of Corpus Christi on a roll-front that was there.The Coastal Plains.On the Coastal Plains.Don't they mine some other things there like sulfur? No, sulfur is in a different area than this.But this is a different area, huh?Yeah, this is a completely different area.       the things that you have to have for solution mining are: you have to have a favorable formation which is sandy, porous, like gravel, and where the uranium has deposited in as hydroxides and phosphates. Then by treating it with acids or with carbonates, you can solubilize it and get it to migrate into the center. It also has to have impervious clay bottom.GT: To hold it in.RP: And this is typical of these Wyoming and Texas315
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2formations; so it was very applicable to the Texas, particularly the Texas units.GT: As you applied the process to the larger effort, did the cost ratios remain much the same? Did you see some changes?Actually, we did very well in south Texas because first--I'm skipping quite a few years in here.RP:GT: RP:That's all right. We'll pick up the in-between.In south Texas we could not use acid. It was a high limestone, high lime environment. The first thought was to use sodium carbonate because the carbonate forms a complex with uranium called uranyl carbonates and it's soluble which is a very unusual thing with most metals. There's very few metals that do form a carbon complex that is soluble. Our first thought was that we would use a fairly strong solution of carbonate and get this out quickly, but the carbonate swelled the clay and caused the formation to plug so that you couldn't--Shut off the flow, huh.Shut off the flow. I had worked previously on a solution mining project up at Callihan's(?)Pitch Mine which was at Broken(?)Scopes and also a high-carbonate thing.Where is that mine?GT:RP:FO:316
   ROBERT R. PORTER #12RP:FO: RP: GT: RP:The pitch mine is at eleven thousand feet, out of Gunnison over the--Oh, over in Colorado.Yeah.Up by Crested Butte?No, it's towards Sa1ida over the mountain. What is the name of the pass there? Monarch Pass. And I did a lot of work up there. We blocked off the tunnel and flooded the stapes with a very weak solution of sodium carbonate and recovered the uranium in my continuous ion exchange process.What year was that, Mr. Porter?That started in about 1968.Now what year were you down in Texas?About '72. This worked very well and it was very, very cheap uranium, but we had to blast the old stapes out. They would get covered with iron and soon, so that you had to go down with shots, drill, and try and break up the formation a little so that you could get fresh solutions in. And this was one of the very richest mines in the United States at one time. It was one and a half percent uranium, which was a very rich vein.GT: RP: GT: RP:GT: Very rich.RP: And it was very dangerous. The radon was terrific for317
 ROBERT R. PORTER #12miners; so there was no way you could get in under the Environmental Impact Resolution. You couldn't getin there again without open pitting the thing or solution mining. So this was an answer of recovering some uranium out of the old stopes. And this, as I say, worked extremely well, and we were producing with a crew of about ten people about three hundred and fifty pounds a day.FO: Oh, that is big.GT: So you were doing, working seven-day scale.RP: Oh yes, you had to work seven days.GT: You're talking three thousand a week.RP: Yeah. About twenty thousand a month is what it was,which was eighty thousand to a hundred thousanddollars a month.FO: That's very nice.RP: With ten men we worked all winter long at tenthousand feet. We used the old mine shop and added to it slightly for the recovered plant and the injection.GT: This was in Colorado?RP: Right. Now, applying this practice to south Texaswhere I used a very weak solution of sodium carbonate, we found that we could overcome this blockage of the lime and that we could go to a318
   ROBERT R. PORTER #12 hundred-foot spacing.GT: Instead of fifty feet.RP: Yeah.FO: It was that porous, huh?RP: Yeah, because you weren't swelling the clays, and theGT: RP: GT: FO: RP:GT: RP:acid did cause deformation of the clays, but this was so weak. We would go in with a very weak solution to begin with and then come in with a little stronger solution until we got up to about ten grams per liter of available sodium carbonate. Now later in this same process, there was about, I should say about seven hundred or eight hundred patterns put in over many, many acres.Wow!And our production was a million pounds a year.Kept the drillers busy, didn't you?A million pounds a year. Whew!And this was the cheapest uranium in the United States at one time. I mean overall.Was it one of the largest producers as well?No, Kerr-McGee and other companies were much ahead of us as far as production was concerned. But this United States Steel project was very, very profitable for many years, and they used also my ion exchange process. Now in developing this process, I knew it319
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2eventually went in with a new continuous ion exchange process. I had developed this at Kennecott Copper in Bingham Canyon to treat the uranium from the copper-bearing solutions that went through the precipitation plants. There was quite a bit of uranium in that material.GT: Was there really? I've never heard anybody talk about that before.FO: Is it still producing uranium?RP: Yes. I wanted the contract. We set up a company tobid on this, Payne Kibbe and myself, using this new continuous ion exchange process which was developed, finalized in South Africa; but it was done originally on the pilot plant at Kennecott Copper. It was an upflow ion exchange process where the resin moved backwards and the solution moved forward.GT: Now what year would you have had the pilot there at Kennecott?RP: Nineteen sixty-four, I think, '65, and it lay dormant for several years, I mean getting Kennecott to move.GT: They were just ignoring the uranium.RP: Oh, they knew that it was there, but it was just oneof those big deals. It was a small part of their whole scheme, and they didn't want to be bothered with it; so they kind of let it sit out in left320
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2 field. But anyway--FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: GT:RP:RP:Now you patented the ion exchange? That process I patented.When?In--I'll want it before we're through at the type-up.I have a copy of the patent upstairs.It would probably be good for us to include the patent number as well as the date into the record. Do you have a rough estimate? Was it sixties? Seventies? It was the late sixties.[end of side one]Returning to south Texas, we found that we couldextend between the patterns by substituting ammonia for sodium, so that we made ammonium carbonate instead of sodium carbonate, which didn't deform the formation at all. By adding oxygen down the hole, compressed oxygen down the hole to a depth of four or five hundred feet would solubilize the oxygen in the solution, which would oxidize t he uranium so t hat t he carbonate solution would get to it, carry it into the center distribution system. Now we were pumping outof those holes, each one, about a hundred and fifty gallons a minute, out of each of the recovery holes. And all of this, being in south Texas we could put it321
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2all on the ground and didn't have to worry about freezing; so we piped this to a central plant where it would be ion exchanged with this continuous process, and we would be processing up to twenty-two hundred gallons a minute of very low-grade uranium-bearing solution. And this we would re-inject back into the holes after the uranium had been recovered. So, consequently, it was a closed-circuit operation.GT: So once you had set-up costs, basically you were really in business.RP: Well, you had quite a lot of drilling costs.FO: And what about the chemical solution? Did it weaken? RP: Well, no. We kept it at a certain strength by puttingammonia and a little bit of carbonate, C02, into the re-injection, and this was a very, very big advantage.GT: How long did this operate at Texas?RP: It shut down this year.GT: Is that right? So you started that in '76?RP: Yeah, about '76.GT: So it ran most of eight years?RP: Eight to ten years. This was a very successfuloperation until the price of uranium went to hell. And also, we were running out of space. One of the322
   ROBERT R. PORTER #12partners with U.S. Steel was Arco. Arco was a real headache because they wanted to do things scientifically. [laughter] They had all of their high-powered guys down there from all over the world to tell us how to do it, but we had control. U.S. Steel was pretty nice to work with though on this project--very good. And I made quite a little money out of that patent.Well, that's very nice. This is a patent that paid off, huh?Yeah, and so did the other one from the Japanese point. They paid me off on that.I see. They bought the patent.Yeah, United States rights, and this was Graver(?). It never did fly for water, but it would if they'd have done it right. I was called in as a consultant in about 1960 to the Getchell mine in Nevada. They were starting up for gold.G-e-t-c-h-o?G-e-t-c-h-e-l-1. And this was out of Winnemucca, north, and it was a very peculiar ore in that it was almost identical to the Mercur ores in Utah containing arsenic, and pyrite, pyritite, and arsenopyrite, along with the gold. And it was an open pit mine, and they put in a cyanide plant, but aFO:RP:FO: RP:GT:RP:323
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2roaster. They threw more arsenic in the air; I don't know how anybody lived around there. [laughter] Pretty wild. This was before U.P.A.FO: Obviously.RP: But there were scrubbers, and the arsenic wassupposedly deposited in the tailings pond, but there was quite a bit up the stack. It was pretty wild around there. Anyway, in my contacts at Getchell with a fellow named Clare Chamberlain, we developed a little copper property south of Winnemucca. The outcrop was very high grade. It had been drilled by Getchell. Getchell was a division of Goldfields of Nevada, not of South Africa. And they thought it was too small to fool with, but it looked like a pretty good bet to C1are and I. They c1osed down the Getchell plant, and he and I got hold of this property and leased it from Goldfields and it set up. There was a little outcrop of high outside ore and about six percent copper. So we got a little plant started and built a plant, a small plant, a hundred tons a day, a leaching plant, and put it through a cement copper process and recovered the copper 'that way. But in the meantime, the copper strike carne onand shut us down completely beeause we had no place to go with our copper, and we were running out of324
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2money very fast. So Sierra de Pasco Mining Company got interested in this thing because of a certain gossan outcrop on the top which was similar to Mountain City Copper up in Nevada. They took a lease, pulled us out of debt, and got to drill the wholething at depth. And they were just about ready to walk away when they hit a high-grade thing that was four hundred feet of very, very massive sulfide copper which was fourteen and fifteen percent copper. This was a big pocket in this formation, and we were really excited about this. So, anyway, this was a little bit too small for Sierra, being a very large company; so they sold it to Ranchers, and we all got well on Rancher's stock. [laughter]GT: Everybody was covered, huh?RP: So Ranchers opened this mine up and made a big openpit. The metallurgy of the thing was very complex, but it was very high grade, and there was nobody with a smelter in the United States that would take it; so they shipped it to Norway, and they made lots of money out of it.GT: Explain to me why it couldn't be handled in the United States.RP: Because it was very high sulfide ore, and they didn't want to throw it into their converters,325
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2and it was too much trouble to custom--GT: Prepare for it.FO: Well, now how come Norway would do it?RP: Because they had the facilities to take custom ore. FO: They were set up for custom ore. Are they still inthat business?RP: Oh yes. Tacoma was, but the S. and R. wouldn't takeit up there for some reason. They were filled up while there were copper strikes and all sorts of things and so--GT: Is it at Tacoma, Washington?RP: Yeah. So they made a good deal out of it. It wasshipped as ballast to Norway some way and brought back. There was about four hundred thousand tons was all, but it was very rich. And the open pit was very interesting. It was very steep. Very good slopes. If you shut that off, I'll give you picture of them. The original Lucky Mac stock issue was in 1966. I just got that from upstairs. So that's when things started.GT: But come forward from that.RP: Forward from that until about 1975.FO: About a ten-year period in there.RP: Actually, Ranchers mined it out very quickly, andthen went back and tried to do some solutions mining, 326
 ROBERT R. PORTER #12but it didn't work.GT: When you look back on this period from '66, '65 up to '76 or so, was it one of the most interesting in your life?RP: Well, yes in many ways because in 1968--shall I digress a little?GT: Sure.RP: In 1968 I went down, took Beverly, my wife, down toSouth Africa, and there they had just opened up what was apparently a huge low-grade deposit of uranium in South-West Africa just outside of Swakopmund on the Atlantic seaboard. And this was tremendous. It was big, if the economics were right. Well, this had been looked at by Anglo-American Corporation and rejected, but Rio Tinto came in and took it over and did a massive amount of drilling, just massive. And it was in rough country. It was like the moon. There was no water practically, just a little bit from underground. The streams ran underground like they do in Arizona because of the desert. Whatever streams there were, were very limited--the Namib Desert and big sand dunes. But this was in the canyons, in the mountainous canyons there in South-West. Now, when I was down there, I was approached by a fellow who was with Rio Tinto who I had known slightly, a fellow by327
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2the name of Matts(?)Fitzgerald who was head ofPalobora Mining Company, which is a copper miningcompany in-- FO: Palobora?RP: Palobora.FO: Palobora, thank you.RP: It was also a division of Rio Tinto. And Matt wasmanaging director of Palobora but also involved in Rossing, which was called the Rossing Prospect. R-o-s-s-i-n-g, an umlauted "0". And so he asked me if I would be willing to come back and have a look at this thing, and see if we could work out something on it. Now there had been some work done on the recovery side of it by sending samples into the government laboratories where I had worked before in South Africa. So it seemed like the acid consumption was nominal. It wasn't high, but it was going to take a tremendous amount of capital and a tremendous amount of energy and equipment to get this thing off the ground. So a consortium of engineers and myself included was formed. Oh, let me digress a minute. I was on my way back from Africa when I saw Matt at Pa1obora, and he said, "I'11 1et you know. Where are you going to be?" And I said, "I'm going to be at the Ritz Hotel in Lisbon." I was going to take a Spanish328
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2tour. So I got into Lisbon and took the tour and came back to Lisbon, and we were going to finish our tour from there. I got a call from Matt to fly down to South Africa from Lisbon. And so I caught the plane, and down to Johannesburg I went. We had a big meeting at the Rio Tinto Board in Unicorn House in South Africa. And it was decided that I would become the consulting metallurgist for the Rossing project. So a consortium of engineering firms was formed, which was Western(?)Knapp in San Francisco, and Davie(?)Powergas in London, a very large engineering firm. And they formed a consortium. So more drilling was done. It looked like a tremendous, huge ore body. It was. Several hundred million tons of low-grade uranium, one pound per ton.FO: One pound per ton?RP: Yeah. Out in the middle of the desert, forty milesfrom Swakopmund, which is the nearest town. Windhoek was a hundred and fifty, two hundred miles away, which is a larger town.FO: Is Swakopmund a desert town?RP: No, it1 s on the coast. It1 s a seaside resort, abeautiful little town. You come off the desert at a hundred and ten degrees and hit that breeze five miles out of the fog and mist, five miles out of329
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2Swakopmund and it drops to seventy degrees. It was air conditioned all the time. This was the old German seaport. The British owned Walvis Bay, which is the best seaport, and they built a port at Swakopmund. But it was just a pier going out into the Atlantic Ocean. It's now used for fishermen. Anyway, the headquarters for the first part of the feasibilitystudy was in San Francisco. So I was commuting from Salt Lake to San Francisco and to South Africa and, uh, practically commuting. About once every two weeks, I'd have to go down for a meeting, and the directors from South Africa would come over to see what progress had been accomplished. They sent also three engineers who were connected with Rossing from South Africa to head up or to represent the clients. They would put down what they wanted, and then these guys would have to draw it up and get cost estimates and so on, you see? And these fellows were very good engineers, and myself included. In doing so, the only way feasible to get the ion exchange unit working was a huge, huge ion exchange project with continuous ion exchange.GT: Your process.RP: Right, my process.FO: That you already had patented. Did you have330
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2 international patent rights?RP: Oh yes, but being a consultant I gave it to them for free because I was drawing a big salary from them. So this thing developed, and we got the feasibility study finished in about a year and a half in San Francisco, and then it was moved to London, and I was commuting from Salt Lake to London off and on, going back and forth about once a month. In the meantime, I would take trips on the company to Europe, on my expense, but I mean the airfare was paid for me and my wife.FO: RP:FO: RP:Sure. The company paid your wife's airfare too.Well, I got first class and went tourist so I could take her.Great arrangement.And there the final design was established of the plant. Then the construction period began in South Africa. All the engineering staff of Pargas(?) and McKee(?) moved to South Africa. They were on theproject in Terosic, right at the mine. And in the meantime, the pit was being developed, and it was a major, major undertaking. I will show you some pictures if you'd like to see of the terrain of that mine.Maybe when we finish the interview.FO:331
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2RP: FO: RP:I've got them right here.Okay, fine, let's do it. Now?The plant was finally completed in about 1980 or '79, and a big opening was had. We processed fifty thousand tons a day of ore. The ion exchange plant was the largest in the world. It processed seventeen and a half cubic meters per minute times four of solution, which was about fifty thousand gallons a minute.My word, that is amazing. Where did you get all the water?Well, the water was piped in from the Namib Desert. Underground there was a big reservoir under the sand in the Namib, and it was forty-five miles of pipeline, uphill two thousand feet.They had to pump it up, huh?Yeah, several pumping stations. Now the government did that, but charged for the water, also brought the electricity in from Windhoek, which was a very high voltage line. The process was comparatively simple and fairly cheap. So that last year it was theFO:RP:FO: RP:greatest contributor of revenue to South-West Africa. FO: Is that right? The greatest single contributor.RP: More than the diamonds and more than the copper.FO: To South-West Africa. That's astounding. All we hear332
    ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2about is the diamonds. That's amazing. Then it's still operating to full hilt.RP: Oh yes, oh, it will go on for years and years and years because the ore is so immense. They mine as much volume as they do at Kennecott Copper.FO: Now, Rossing must have grown as a result of this.RP: The town itself. We put in a native compound, single men's quarters, but the native compounds with their wives and native quarters were at the mine. But the European commuted every day to Swakopmund, and many houses were built in Swakopmund, and it was a very traumatic experience for these old Germans. They were very methodical and very set in their ways at Swakopmund. It was a beautiful little town, and theyFO: RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:were afraid that they were going spoil it.By having all these industrial workers.And everybody else coming in. But it didn't hurt them too much, and they like it now.I see. Helped the economy.Yeah.That's an amazing experience. Did you have fun doing it?Oh, a great time. I had the opportunity to travel all over the world with it because to get to Africa, I'd go by Australia and around the world.333
 ROBERT R. PORTER #12FO: How long has it been since you've been back to lookRP: FO:RP:FO:RP:FO:GT:RP: GT: RP:FO:at that plant?Nineteen eighty-one.In '81, so it's been three and a half years since you were there, huh. Is that plant one of your biggest? That's the biggest single uranium plant in the world. What about your contributions to metallurgy? Was it one of your biggest?Yes, it was, considering the continuous ion exchange process and the whole precipitation and the concept of handling so much ore in such a massive scale. The trucks that we pulled out of the pit were two hundred tons each and the shovels were fourteen yards.My goodness.In a sense, your career was one of getting ready to develop that operation. Have you ever looked at it that way?Yes.You put all these layers together of development. Well, I mean every bit has been a little different, and I've had such a varied experience. There's been every kind of metal, every kind of process.Bob, I've got to ask you a question. Now, we've beeninterviewing you over the last two months, two and a half months. Every job, you've expressed an334
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 2enthusiasm. What job did you have you hated?RP:FO: RP:GT:RP:GT:RP:FO:RP:FO:RP: GT: RP:The Atlas job was the worst.Why was it the worst?Because I couldn't contribute anything. They'd had the plant, and they were just paying me to be a consultant from the Odlum buy-out.This was down in Moab?Moab.So you thought really that there your role was not one of a creative--Did nothing at all. Just drawing money for nothing. Did you, at the time, have a lot of frustration about that?Yes, there was a very hard negotiation between Odlum, and Steen, and Ed(?)Snyder, and so on.Did you like those guys?Oh yeah. I didn't like Steen very much. I never did. Was he hard to get along with?Yeah, he was such a stupid kind of a guy, and he was such a nasty man with Harry Krammer who I liked very much, who was at New Park, which later went into Utah Construction. I was to go on the board at New Park and he, Harry said, "Oh, he's got lots of money. We'll put him on the board instead." And he just blew Harry's money and all of their assets at New Park.335
   ROBERT R. PORTER #12FO: Isn't that too bad?RP: He was no money management man. He was just a poorgeologist, and that's all he ever was. Didn't knowhow to handle his money. He went broke, you know.FO: Yes, I heard he went broke. That's too bad.GT: I think we should stop for this time.FO: Thank you very much for spend in g part of theafternoon with us.RP: Well, I think we've got what? About another one? FO: I think the next one should wrap it up.[END OF TAPE]336
 THE FOLLOWING IS A TAPE RECORDING MADE AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ON JANUARY 2 4 , 1985 AT THE HOME OF ROBERT R. PORTER. THE SUBJECT I S THE CONTINUING AND PROBABLY THE FINAL IN A SERIES OF INTERVIEWS WITH MR. PORTER. INTERVIEWED BY FLOYD A. O ' N E I L AND GREGORY C. THOMPSON. [T APE # 1 3 ]FO: You have said that Rossing was one of your more satisfactory experiences.RP: Yes, in that it was the largest, and this new ion exchange method works so well. However, looking back on the thing, probably my most gratifying and greatest experience was the completion of Western and Consolidated ion exchange plant when we first made yellow cake on a very large scale. And this was the first time it had ever been done, and everybody was amazed.FO: What year was that now?RP: That was 1952.FO: And so that was the first of the yellow cake thatbecame the kind of standard for the market.RP: The prototype for every uranium plant after that used ion exchange, except some of the carbonate leachplants.FO: I see. That's quite a feat, quite an occasion inhistory.RP: Yes.FO: Tell me what you turned your attention to after337
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13 Rossing.RP: Well, Rossing probably continued on for so many years from '68. I went back in '83, or '82. So it was--FO:RP:Fifteen years.Ten, fifteen years. But during that period, I had several other consulting jobs as well, both in uranium and other metallics and nonmetallics. We mentioned that during that period, why, it was the copper project in Winnemucca, and several mine examinations, and also solution mining other than at Shirley Basin and South Texas.Where else did you do solution mining besides Shirley Basin, Wyoming and the South Texas experience?I put together a lot of feasibility studies for several companies.I see. Were they mostly North American properties? Yes. These were all either Wyoming or Texas.I see.That was the only place in the country, or in the world probably, except for one other place in Australia, where the formations were suitable for solution mining. The site in Australia is called the Beverly site, and it's north of Adelaide about five hundred miles. Now, in the meantime I had gone through Australia several times and worked with DellFO:RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:338
 ROBERT R. PORTER #13High (?) International, who had large holdings in Australia. This was run by John Murchison of the Murchison--FO: Oh, of the Murchisons in Dallas.RP: Dallas. And they had some big gas and oil holdingsFO: RP:north of Adelaide, and their headquarters were in Adelaide. I went out there several times to look at the property out in the Out-back, which was about two hundred and fifty miles northwest of Perth on the far end of the A ustralias.Yes, the West Coast.And this is a very isolated community. But it was the side of an old gold operation, East Murchison. But the uranium deposit was in a lake bed. And it was a very unusual deposit. It was what they call calcrite (?). It was very shallow, and it would be easily mined. But the metallurgy was tough. However, I outlined some work for the Australians to perform their test work on. It was this material that we brought in from the Out-back, and they tested it at A delaide.Do you remember the name of the section of the Out-back where you worked?Yes. It was Wiluna.Okay, fine.FO:RP: FO:339
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13RP: Wiluna was the site of this East Murchison mine, andit was the antimony gold mine, which was one ofHoover's, Herbert Hoover's--FO: Oh, I see. --projects.RP: --projects.FO: He worked there as a mining engineer.RP: Right. Also in Kalgoorlie, which I was in.FO: I see. Now is Kalgoorlie in the same area of Wiluna? RP: No. It's south of Wiluna about two hundred miles.FO: I see.RP: It's almost due east of Perth, also two hundredmiles. FO: I see.RP: And it's a desolate country. Hot, flies, and terrible accommodations.FO: Is that right? I see. Did you ever cross Australia, or did you just fly in?RP: Not by train. I flew over the continent several times, and I visited from one end to north and south. One of my projects was up at Darwin, which is on the north end way up at the top of Australia. And this was a uranium deposit that was financed by the Australian government, but it was run by Consolidated Zinc, which is a very large Australian mining company.340
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 3FO: RP:FO: RP:Consolidated Zinc is an Australian mining company? Yeah. Now, coming back to my consulting work in the United States, I was very, very busy on other projects. Many of them. But one of the most interesting was a borax project done in Death Valley. Oh, really?Which involved a mineral called colmanite. And this colmanite was a very rich deposit, but was full of gang, or unwanted material, but it was very high grade borax. And it was one of the first things that came out of Death Valley with a forty mule train. Andit was in the reserve, but it was a patented claim so they couldn't touch it. And so this was taken up by Kern County Land Company. And I worked on several projects for Kern County. And that was later taken over by Tenneco. And I worked on potash for them and also this colmanite both there and down at Boron.I see. What was colmanite used for?Colmanite is a calcium borate, instead of the sodium borate, which is borax.Borax.Or one of the forms. The colmanite is a calcium borate. Now this is ideal for fire retardants which they push out over fire, you know, to douse forest fires.FO: RP:FO: RP:341
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 3FO: RP: FO: RP:This is what they dropped out of the airplanes. Retardant, fire retardant.I see. That's interesting.And also it was an ideal base material for fiberglas. And if mixed with soda ash, the calcium borate was ideal for making fiberglas. Now, in order to refine this thing, we had no water down there. And we couldn 1 t refine it in the park. And so the ore was transported out to Death V alley Junction. I don 1 t know whether you know. Have you been down into thatarea?I haven't been into it on the ground. I 1 ve just looked at it from the air.And this material is highly hydrated. It has tin waters in the crystals.Tin what?W aters.Oh, in the crystal.And by heating the ore, it would pop like popcorn, and it would make it very light. So that it was easily, like running it over an air table, air blowing up from the bottom, you could recover a very high grade colmanite by just popping it. This was my invention too.Was it patentable?GT:RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:342
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13RP:FO: RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:No. I don't know. We didn't patent it. But the Colorado School of Mines and I worked on it, put the pilot plant in, then they put the final plant down in Death V alley Junction.I see. Interesting.Now, other projects were--oh, there was the Escalantemine in southern Utah which was a big silver producer. I was one of the principals in that.I see. By that did you work both as a metallurgist and as an investor?Yes. And also I had my own lab, which we were very proud of. I was very proud of. We did very good work in all kinds of metallurgical things. I also havemercury property in Alaska, which is very isolated. But it's out for lease now, but very high grade. Where is it located?Off the Ketchikan River near a town called Aniak. It is up river from Bethel, which is the closest larger town. But in order to get to this place, you have to fly in. We have a strip there. Then machinery is brought in during the winter over the ice because there are no roads. It's seventy-five miles from Aniak, and all the supplies have to come in by air. From Anchorage?FO:RP: Well, from Bethel or from Anchorage.343
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP:I see. Bethel was an all winter port.Yes. Bethel is.Okay. I see. How much time did you spend in Alaska? Oh, I haven't spent too much time up there. But I was interested in this property because it was so high grade. It was extremely rich. You had specimens that were just out of this world of cinder block just red as can be.Did you stake that property?No, this was staked by a prospector. He worked the property and put in the air strip and so on, named Schaefer. And he either got mercury poisoning or died of a heart attack or something. He was working it all by himself, with a little retort. And he died on the property, and they found him, and he was buried there. Then Diamond Alkali through Pickens Mather was looking for mercury for their electrolitic cells, mercury to produce costing (?) before it became a dirty word. And so they took it on and put in some very large equipment, brought it in during the winter, and opened up the pit. It's an open pit mine. Open pit.And we'11 go underground eventually. Just the crude ore, outside of the specimens, go sixty to seventy percent mercury.FO: RP:344
 ROBERT R. PORTER #13FO: I didn't realize there were any deposits of mercurythat high in the world.RP: Well, there is specimens.FO: That's what I say.RP: Oh, yeah.FO: But the cinnabar that I have seen in northwesternNevada, isn't that awfully low in terms of--?RP: Let me show you, stop it and I'll show you.FO: Fine. Love to see it. Now, the cinnabar mine then youare still working with.RP: We have it out on lease, but we will take it over Ithink this year. FO: I see.RP: Because the price of mercury has stayed up fairly well, and since we've sold to Ranchers, the Escalante mine, and to Hecla, there is quite a bit of money available.FO: I see. So you sold your interests in the Escalante mine.RP: It has been absorbed by First Ranchers Corporation, and now Hecla Mining has bought Ranchers out.GT: Who was in with you on the Escalante venture?RP: Sam Arentz. Sam Arentz. I've mentioned him before. GT: Isn't his wife a graduate of the law school of--? RP: That's correct. She is Mary Alice Mar.345
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13GT: Graduated very early in the--RP: She graduated with me in the same class.GT:RP: GT:RP: GT: RP:FO: RP: GT:RP:FO:RP:F0: RP: FO: RP:Is that right? She has a sister that also went through law school.Yes, but she died.I met them a couple of years ago and was visiting a little with them.Peggy and--Wilson was her name--?No, one sister was Price and the other sister married the fellow that runs Park City--Ivers, Jim Ivers.I see.She had a brother named Nick.Now, did you have--you had a custom lab on this property?No, my laboratory was down first in the basement of what we called on Fourth South, what we called the "Ore House."Okay.Spelled "Ore".Where was this?Fourth South and Fifth East.And Fifth East.And then I moved the lab down on Indiana Avenue westjust off the surplus canal.346
 ROBERT R. PORTER #13FO:RP:GT:RP:I see, I see.And I had a quite nice lab. The laboratory itself was taken over by the laboratory and offices of Salt Lake Tungsten. I revamped their office and used their lab for analytical work.Where were you milling your ore out of the Panguitch--no, Escalante?Well, it was in limbo for several years. Several companies looked at it--Anglo-American, Phillips Brothers, and several other people, very large companies--Anaconda, ASARCO, and they said that the water problem was too great. There was a water problem. Ranchers went in and proved that it wasn't a problem. And, consequently, they put up the cash, which was thirty-two million dollars to put mill and stuff in.I see. So the mill was at the mine.Right.What product leaves there then?Bullion, silver bullion.So that everything is right there, the stamping and everything?Grinding and cyanide plant.I see.You were involved in that then when the price ofFO: RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: GT:347
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13silver was quite high?RP: Very low to start with, ninety cents an ounce to start with. This was way back.GT: Oh, I see.RP: And--FO: How far back?RP: I would say the first work was done when I was usingthe Gallagher laboratories before I had any helpers.This was way back.FO: Nineteen thirties?RP: Oh, no. It was when I got back from Africa.FO: Nineteen fifties?RP: It was fifty-seven and fifty-eight.FO: Along in there. Okay.RP: And Sam and Chick Cohn (?) drilled the project andhit a very rich hole of silver, about twenty-eight ounces to the ton. And then they put in another bunch of holes and found a lot of ore down there. This old mine was very interesting. It was an old prospect, and it was worked by a fellow named Holt. And when he died, he willed it to the church at Enterprise.FO: To the Mormon church. Good lord.RP: When Heber J. Grant was the president of the church.So a friend of Sam's got a hold of this and paid the Mormon church on a royalty basis to prospect this348
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13thing. And so they finally paid the church off. It was very nominal. They did a lot of drilling, and proved this ore body. But the water problem was very heavy. And there was a shaft down about two hundred feet to the water table. But the ore wasn't as rich there as it was below.FO: I see.RP: So, this has been a very profitable mine.FO: How did they handle the water?RP: It's pumped out through a big drainage canal thatruns about five miles. And the farmers were afraidthat we would lower the water table, which was--FO: A realistic fear.RP: So, in order to compensate for that, the farmers allthrough the valley get their water free.FO: Oh, I see. That's not bad. They ran a pretty goodbargain of their own, didn't they? RP: Yes.FO: Is there as much as a second foot of water coming out of it?RP: There is, let's see, about twenty million gallons a day.FO: That's a lot of irrigating water.RP: Oh, yeah.FO: They can raise a lot of hay off that, can't they?349
 ROBERT R. PORTER #13RP: And potatoes. They raise potatoes.FO: Yeah, they raise potatoes there in the EscalanteRP: FO: GT: RP: GT: RP:FO:RP:FO:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:Valley. The water that was pumped out of the Escalante mine was used for irrigation in Escalante V alley in western Iron County.It's only about forty miles from the Nevada border. Yeah, and they grow potatoes and hay with it mainly. The water was provided free to the farmers?Right.To compensate for the ground water loss.Right. Actually, the recharge from this probably went back into the aquifer anyway. They didn't have to pump it.They got a hell of a good deal, didn't they?Yeah. They didn't have a power bill.Yeah, and the power bill, because that's deep water, would be a high power bill.Right.I see. Utah Power did all right on it too. Yes.Okay.Everybody got well on that.Now, let's turn our attention to the Getchell.The Getchell mine is out in Nevada north of Winnemucca. I think I mentioned it.350
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 3FO:RP:FO: RP:FO: RP:Oh, you did. That one. What other properties were you associated with?Well, there were several properties that I looked at for Mr. Odlum, uranium property.Floyd Odlum.Right. And also for Kern County Land. Mainly on non-metallics for Kern County. The principal interest of their geologist was high on non-metallics--other borax and potash. And I did quite a bit of work in the laboratory on cores from the trona deposits.Oh, the trona.Yes. This is rather an interesting one. At Crescent Junction down here in Utah, the Bureau of Mines during the war had drilled a hole into the potash deposit down there. And they had used a percussion drill. And also in the early days, earlier than that, they were drilling for oil down there. The Steiners and Pollocks were principal on a hundred and sixty acres of fee land. And they ran into this artesian well which was very high in potash. So, during thewar, why, the Bureau of Mines got very interested in this potash thing and put some more holes down. But they used a lot of mud and didn't get any artesian effect. They sealed it off. But Kern County was also interested in this later. And I was interested in it351
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13from views that I had--one of the directors of Crescent Eagle Mine which also owned this property. And so, anyway, I got them interested in this potash down there. And they drilled it, but it didn't pan out. But now it's going to be worked again.GT: Oh, really.RP: Maybe as a big solution mining project.FO: Is that right? Now, what direction is it fromCrescent City, from Crescent Junction.RP: Well, it's right at Crescent Junction.FO: Oh, right there.RP: Right there within a couple or three miles.FO: Good heavens. Now, isn't that same area a heliumreserve or something like that of the federalgovernment?RP: I don't think that one is. Down at Ship Rock there'sa--FO: Yeah, helium reserve.RP: There. Now, did I mention my connection with VCA?GT: We really didn't talk about this too much other thanbefore we really started going.RP: Well, VCA called me in to evaluate the Kerr-McGeeShip Rock plant to see whether it was a good buy. And I recommended that they buy it. It was a good plant. It was quite antiquated at that time, but it was352
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 3good. And they were taking ores from all over--Lukachukai and all over that area, up into Durango as well.FO: Where is the plant located?RP: At Ship Rock.FO: Right at Ship Rock?RP: Yeah. That's where the helium reserve is. FO: I see.RP: Now, quite early in the uranium program, VCA had a property out in Monument Valley called Monument Number Two which was very, very rich. It was over one percent uranium, an open pit. But it was a devil to get out of there. That was before the paved road was in from Tuba City to Ship Rock. And they went out over incredible come wash which was an incredible thing and all this ore went to the mill of Durango. And it was treated there. The rich ore had been worked out and they had piles of low grade ore. They concentrated this low grade ore into a sand slime separation and hooked the slimes by filtration. Put the slimes, which were fairly high grade, on to trucks and hauled it over to Durango and later to Ship Rock when the Ship Rock mill was running. And this kept on for quite some time. Well, this sand pile was about, oh, there was four or five hundred353
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13thousand tons. It was a pretty good pile of ore down there. And they had water there in the valley. And I went down and looked this over. And we put up a sand bleaching plant.RP:[END OF SIDE ONE]--by after bleaching. And we brought in the sulfuricacid from the Texas plant at Mexican Hat. There was an acid plant there that Texaco had. That mill shut down quite some time ago, but the acid plant kept running. And this was successful. We 1 d send the concentrate to Ship Rock after VCA had bought the Ship Rock plant. And it was a big addition to the production from Ship Rock as a supplementary.Do you remember what year that plant was purchased? The Ship Rock plant?Uh huh.It was about 165, between 165 and 170. I1mnot sure of the exact date.Did you know, I assume you must have, Denny Viles. Yes. Denny, I knew, but early. He had died when this was going in, and Page Edwards was in charge of the operation at that time, at both Durango and Ship Rock and this Monument Valley operation.What kind of dealings did you have with Denny Viles? Well, I only met him on a visit to the United StatesFO: RP: FO: RP:GT: RP:FO: RP:354
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13when I was sampling the uranium plant between holidays from South A frica.FO: I see. You met him in Durango or did you meet him--? RP: Yes.FO: In Durango. How well did you know Page Edwards?RP: Very well indeed. I'm still very good friends ofPage.FO: I see. Your interviewer over here knew him too.GT: Grew up with his kids.RP: Yes. He's a very nice fellow. And there were severalFO: RP: FO: RP:other projects that we did in the lab, particularly, assay methods and so on, improving the assay methods for uranium, and so that we could do analysis on the plants by the operator.I see. Ah, obvious advantage.Right. So they could get their assays right then.Was any of that patentable?No, no. It was all published material that we improved and adapted. And also we did quite a lot of work on continuous ion exchange processes, testing various resins, particularly for copper recovery with ion exchange. Now, this may become a big thing eventually.I see.They've gone to solvent extraction now for this sameFO: RP:355
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13purpose, but there is a resin now that can be used and may be more effective than solvent extraction.I see.And I hope that this will continue so that we can use this up-flow system.I see.That's my main interest at the present time.Of course. Your patent on the up-flow system.Right.I see. A normal kind of an interest.And I made several trips to London, well, in connection with Rio Tinto, but in London I was very friendly with a group called British Permuda. And we did a lot of joint research work together on ion exchange.Were they patent holders, too?Oh, yes. Not of my patents.Not of yours, but they were in the same field.Right. And they were trying to promote the ion exchange resins and also their project's processes as well. The reason I got acquainted with them so very well was because I recommended that we buy British Permuda ion exchange columns for Blind River, and that was one of their biggest orders ever.Very interesting. This British company, you must haveFO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:FO: RP: FO: RP:FO:356
 ROBERT R. PORTER #13had more than just passing things going on to fly to London several times.RP: Well, that was because of Rio Tinto, because we had moved the engineering office to London. And also I was over on trips for other things, and I would always stop in London to see those people.FO: Now, during those years, did you spend more time in the air or on the ground, Bob?RP: It was about fifty-fifty.FO: Good lord, it seems 1ike it. I am amazed at how manyRP:FO: RP:FO: RP: FO:RP:places you were and how far they were. Those weren't exactly the same planes as today, were they?No, they weren't. A great number of them were on DC-3's and smaller.Boy, that's tough traveling.Yeah. Particularly when you are commuting to Riverton on a DC-3. They can't get over ten thousand feet, or eleven thousand feet without oxygen and no oxygen, and you go scooting through the mountains in snow storms. It was a little rough.Now, where was this?Up to Riverton, Wyoming.Oh, Riverton, Wyoming, yeah. That is not my kind of flight. As a coward, that's not my kind of flight. That's not mine either any more.357
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 3FO: Where else did you work that we haven't alreadytalked about, Bob?RP: Oh, I think that I told you that Atlas Corporationbought an asbestos property down in Coalinga. FO: Coalinga?RP: California.FO: Yeah.RP: And this is a very peculiar asbestos in that thereisn't any fiber. It's a plate type of asbestos. And Union Carbide also had a property down there. And Atlas called me in to see what I could do about treating this material. And so I spent some time in Canada going over the asbestos plant out of Quebec, the southern part of Quebec in the asbestos fields up there. And I went through several of the plants. This particular asbestos, if it was ground fine enough, was very suitable for bio-asbestos tile. And it was great, perfect, and it was cheap, much cheaper than the fiber. It went farther than the normal fiber from the asbestos fields of eastern Canada. And you could use less of it to get the same strength of tile. And so Atlas put up a plant down there, and I was responsible for the design and so on of that.FO: Now, tell me how you knew about the processing of asbestos when your major--now this seems like358
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13 stretching it a bit.RP: It isn't that difficult.FO: Oh, isn't it?RP: It's an air process, an air gravity process. Thisstuff blew out. If you hammer milled it, it would make plates, and it would blow out with air separators and gravity separation, which I was very familiar with.FO: Oh, I see, okay. It just seemed like quite a leap. When I think of the metals that you have been dealing with, and then switch to asbestos it seems like a--RP:GT: RP:Now, also I spent quite a bit of time in Mexico in Sonora examining an atamolybdenum property down there where Jack Horton was. He was a friend of mine.Jack's from here?Yes. He was working for City Service. And we went down and examined for City Service quite a large copper property that is still in limbo down there, but it's very good. Just outside of Hermosillo. And we spent quite a bit of time, Jack and I and Bob Osterstock and another fellow spent quite a bit of time down there.I see.Off and on, just going down and back. Was that in the sixties?FO: RP: FO:359
 ROBERT R. PORTER #13RP: No, that was in the seventies. They had some aditsinto some of these places, old adits. And to get into them it was quite something. Iguana was up to about hip deep. But it's all right as long as it didn't get wet. But when you get back in there, there is just a cloud of bats. You couldn't believe it, just pouring out of those adits. It was amazing. Another interesting project I had was--this was really funny--was for Englehart (?). Englehart (?), you know, the planning people, they were also looking for mercury. And somebody had sold them this project down in Mexico just off the railway that runs down from Chihuahua to Los Mochis. And so the only way you could get into this particular property, although it was only about five miles from the railroad, was by air. And they did have a strip there which had been put up by the builders of the railroad, when they were building the railroad. Well, Sam Arentz and another friend of mine and this promoter flew down to this property. And it was the most beautiful country you can ever imagine flying over the Grand Canyon of the Copper River, Bronco de Copre.FO: Yeah, Bronco de Copre.RP: And we flew down about tree top height over therebecause it was buried and landed on this strip. And 360
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 3it was something else. There was a little school house just outside. There were two plane loads, one after another. And we flew in, and all the children carne marching out to see the planes land on this strip. It was a pretty rough strip too. And so we looked at the property. It wasn't even a property, it was a prospect. And it wasn't even that good, but they had little retorts. The Mexicans were making a little bit of money out from high grading and retorting some of this rnaterial There was a road there and there was one vehicle in the little town. But they couldn't get down to the railroad because the road had been washed out, so they never fixed the road. And they had to haul their gas in by donkey. To run this one vehicle. And there were no accommodations, of course, so the mayor took us in, and we slept there. He ran the store and so on. So he gave us the food, and the chickens were under thetable and all the good stuff. And we slept on the floor in the mayor's house in sleeping bags. We were fortunate to have sleeping bags. Flying out of there was a rough one because it was downhill, and we were loaded with samples. And incidentally, this fellow that was the promoter that got Englehart into this wanted us to go down to the bar room of the Bronco to361
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 3look at a gold mine down there on mule back. We said, "No dice." So he and another guy went down.FO: How far down was it, three thousand feet?RP: Three or four thousand feet.GT: Did they come back?RP: Oh, we left. Flying back was a very interesting sightbecause that west slope of the Sierra Madres was covered with jacarandas, and they were in bloom. It was fantastic. And we landed at Hermosillo and went through customs there. But it was quite a sight. That was quite an experience.FO: Sounds like it.RP: I didn't think we were going to get off that strip. FO: Is this Bronco where they built the modern railroaddown the bottom of the canyon?RP: No, no. It's off to the side of the canyon, off tothe side.FO: Off to the side.RP: And it runs from Chihuahua to Hermosillo. Also inChihuahua, I had a partner that lived in El Paso. Maybe I mentioned this. We ground up Mexican manganese to--FO: Yeah.RP: Yeah. So I know Chihuahua fairly well.FO: I see. I don't know whether you ever mentioned the362
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13manganese thing on the tape. Gregg will have to help me with that.GT: I don't remember it.FO: Where was that property?RP: It was out of Chihuahua a little bit north and west.FO:RP: FO: RP: FO:RP:FO: RP:FO: GT:We put up a plant to process manganese which we bought from a little high graded mine there out of Casas Grandes. It was half way between there and the road. And we had to put up a plant which ground up manganese ore, bagged it, and shipped it by rail through El Paso to the various uranium plants that bought it. My partner stayed in El Paso and looked after the thing.What was your partner's name?Clay Ellerbeck (?).I see. When you were doing this, in the seventies? Sixty-five to seventy.I see, along in there. Do you still have any interest in the manganese down there?No, no, no. We were just purchasing it.I see.Clay died, and after that I don't know what happenedto the mill. I see.As you look back over the uranium industry and what's 363
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13happened to it the last while, do you have any observations about the nature of things, or what's to come.RP: Yes. The United States uranium is dead, but foreign uranium is very good because it is so high grade and low cost. There are three projects in Canada that are very rich in Saskatchewan: Kiyiu Lake and Rabbit Lake and one other lake. They are over one-and-a-half percent uranium, which is fantastic and open pit and huge reserves. Australia has these huge reserves. And South Africa, of course, will continue to produce them forever as cheap uranium. So that there is cheap uranium available. And as it was interesting to note the other day that the Ranger, which is an Australian mine, recently sold a big contract to American Powerin the United States.FO: With our industry on the Colorado Plateau absolutelyflat and dead?RP: That is correct.FO: Why on earth?RP: They cut the price.FO: I see. We can't produce it that cheaply. RP: We can, but they weren't on the ball. FO: I see.RP: And this was a long-term contract.364
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13FO: I see.RP: South Africa and Canada have connections with theGermans and the Japs and the Europeans that we don't get. We don't get any contracts. And also our environmental codes are pretty stringent here, and it's very difficult to operate.FO: Are we over the edge on all that? Do you think that uranium is dangerous enough that we need to be that careful?RP: No. I've eaten more uranium than some of these mines have produced.GT: With or without ketchup?FO: We'11 take that comment under advisement. You don'tthink that it's as dangerous as the federalgovernment is describing it?RP: Well, I think they have overdone the--FO: The environmental protection part of it.RP: Well, they don't know really. That's one of theprob1ems. And they want to be safe, so they've beenvery, very safe. Too safe.FO: Was Three Mile Island as dangerous as everyoneclaims?RP: There have been more--there wasn't anybody killed.FO: Oh, I know that. RP: Nobody hurt.365
 ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 3FO:RP: FO: RP:FO:RP:FO:RP:What about the permanent--what they claim is the permanent pollution of the--Of the core?Yeah. Of the river and the area?Well, this is overdone as well. Think of the hundreds of reactors that are in the subs and combined in those things, and how much danger is there? None.I see.It's overdone.I see. There is enough fear of that type of power now that it's caused tremendous economic dislocation like with the Whoops projects in the northwest and so on. Well, it's cost the uranium business. It priced the uranium business in this country out because it takesten or fifteen years to get a plant on stream. And you can't predict costs which, for example, I know one example was Rochester Electric. Their project, which was one of the early ones too, was estimated at five hundred million, and it went over two billion before it came on stream. Now, this was an early one. Most of them were about ten times the original estimate. So, consequently, interest on your money, the procurement of uranium, and the interest on that has just priced the thing out of sight in this country. Whereas, in Europe you can build a plant in366
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13four years, and then you can predict it.FO: Yes. Why is it that Europe is succeeding and we're not? Is it the federal government?RP: Exactly. It's D.O.E.FO: Yes. The D.O.E. then is actually placing so manyrestraints--RP: Our problem, too, is that nobody has standardized aplant. Everybody has their own idea of how to build it. Whereas, in Europe and Japan, the Germans and the French--for example, the French have all standardized their plants. Westinghouse was going to put up an interesting power plant concept on the East Coast where they were going to put it out to sea on an island, build an artificial island, and run cables in. And all of these would be stereotype plants which would have been very easy to build, you see. And this went by the boards for some reason. Oh, another project I had, which was quite interesting, going into the uranium reactive business was with Kibbe and A ssociates.FO: Where is the Kibbe?RP: It was Payne Kibbe, and I had offices with him in theFirst Security Building. And he had the idea of getting a group together. There was Mike Romney, who was retired secretary of the Utah Mining Association.367
   ROBERT R. PORTER #13FO: Mining A ssociation--M iles Romney.RP: Miles and myself and Phil Merritt and Payne. And thiswas called Kibbe and Associates. And we had Allen Jones who was then retired from the AAC in Grand Junction. Payne lined up about twelve of the various utility companies who were interested in reactors and procurement of uranium. They were building the plant. And these were some pretty powerful units. There was TVA units, Florida Power, the one that had Three Mile Island, Consumers Power, Con Edison, all the works, Texas, some were in Texas. Somebody would visit each of these companies on a trip once every two months, and then we would have a seminar every year in one of the uranium producing areas like Grants or Casper and take these people out to the mines in south Texas and here. And so this was a very interesting experience to get some of the background of some of the problems of the reactors, or of the people that were building the atomic p1ants. And they were very high powered people. And this went on for several years. Now, just before Payne died, it kind of fizzled out with the price of uranium going so low and the interest dying off. And all these utility companies had so much uranium running out of their ears that they were paying interest on. They contracted these deliveries368
 ROBERT R. PORTER #13way ahead and couldn't finish the plants, so they were just paying tremendous interest. And they had to sell a lot of these things--put them on the market at very low prices compared to what they paid for them.[END OF SIDE TWO OF TAPE]369
 T H I S I S THE CONTINUA TION OF THE INTER VIEW WITH ROBERT R. PORTER ON JANUARY 24TH 1985. [TAPE #14]FO: Mr. Porter, if you had it all to do over again would you be a metallurgist?RP: Absolutely. I have loved my association with these various countries and with various people. I've been fortunate enough to have acquaintances with some very important people in the mining business and in the financial world, and it's been a great pleasure.FO: You've never been bored with it?RP: FO:RP:FO:RP:No, absolutely not.I want to ask you about your training at the university. You went out into the world where there were a lot of metallurgists. How did you compare your training in the academic sense with theirs?Well, where I       more successful than most was because of my training in chemistry rather than metallurgy. I was a physical chemist and, as you know, metallurgy is chemistry on a big scale.Of course, chemistry applied.Applied chemistry, and because I did know inorganic chemistry very well and could apply the principles of heat and other things to power metallurgy and so on,I had a very wide experience. Consequently, it was through my chemistry training I think that made a370
 ROBERT R. PORTER #14difference and getting out in the field and working with this chemistry background as well as metallurgical training that really helped me out. Consequently, I think I had a head start on a lot of people.What chemist did the most to help you along?Dr. Brighton of the University of Utah. He was theFO: RP:FO: RP: FO:RP:FO:inorganic chemist. I had my first class and my later classes junior and senior year from him. He moved over to the metallurgical division as head of the metallurgical division. He persuaded me to move over there, and I had a great respect for Tom Brighton. He was a remarkable guy. And in that same area was another chemist that had moved over at the same time was Saul Ravitz. He was my instructor in my thesis work for my master's degree, and he was--He was your chairman?He was my advisor or whatever you call it.I think they called them advisors then. We would now be a chairman of a thesis committee.I see. Well, he worked with me on this project, and he and I wrote a paper together.You mentioned in one of the first tapes that we did, Bob, the thesis itself. Is thesis-writing worth the time in the field of metallurgy and chemistry?371
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 4RP:FO:RP:FO: RP:Oh, I think so. It broadens you. I mean, I think you have to do something on your own to get some thinking of your own, not just out of textbooks. I think it's good if you're doing original work, if you're not following up a bunch of--[laughter].Where are the best people in the world in terms of the intellectual application of theory of mining. Which nation is doing the best job?At the present time, I think the United States still--Is still leading.Yeah, however, South Africa, as far as mining equipment and mining methods are concerned, is far ahead of anybody in the world because they have various problems that are--well they have the whole world's problems. Every metal in the world comes out of there, practically, except lead. And, consequently, they have the finest metallurgical lab in the wor1d and \ve11 staffed, we11 organized. Their mining division and Chamber of Mines are far ahead of anything we've got in the states.FO: I see. Should the United States be doing more at the federal level?RP: we11, yes, but the prob1em is that we are disorganized. We don't have a central group.372
 ROBERT R. PORTER #14FO: Oh, I understand that.RP: I mean they've got one bureau here and one bureauthere, some of them doing the same work and not getting together on the things. If it were consolidated like they are in South Africa and charge for their work like they do to the various companies, then there'd be something in it.FO: You think that even though the tradition is that what we get from the government should become free, you think that they should charge the mining companies for the assistance they receive.RP: FO: RP: FO:RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:Right.How do you think mining companies would react?I think they would go for it.The tradition is getting whatever we get sort of on a platter from the feds, isn't it?Yes.What's the future for uranium?Well, I think it's great in the 90's.Oh, do you? Even in the U.S.?Well, I think that they would finally come to realize that they've got to have another source of cheappower. Solar power is a long way off, I mean it's a pie in the sky yet, and so are breeder reactors, so far as I can see; so it has to be more or 1ess373
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 4 conventional.FO: You don't think the breeder reactor will be on line in this century then.RP: FO: RP: FO: RP:No.Do you think it ever will?Oh yes, yes, it will definitely be on.So you think the possibilities are there then.Yes, oh definitely. But it's a matter of technology of getting that terrific heat contained into a workable unit. Well, they've done it with the bomb. The bomb went off in '45, and now they've got these things down to where a man can carry them. I mean this is a big advance certainly in technology. The breeder will come, but I don't think in this century. There will be experiments, sure. But I mean not commercially.If you had advice to students who are starting out in your field, like university students, some of whom will read what we say here, 1tJhat would you have to say to them?I would say look foreign first. The industry in this country right now is pretty well dead, but foreign work in Australia, South Africa, Congo has big advantages, and also in Europe, Spain, Morocco,Brazil.FO:RP:374
   ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 4FO: Canada?RP: Oh yes, but Canada is well satisfied with their owngraduates. They have a very fine school up there. McGill is a very good school of mining and the University of B.C. They have some very fine universities up there in mining. Our mining schools have gone downhill very much lately in the last few years. The Colorado School of Mines has now become a technical school; it's no longer a mine school. Texas, El Paso, is no longer a mine school, and Socorro, New Mexico. The only one that's left reallyis the mining school at Reno, the School of Mines atReno.FO: How do you look at mining training here at theUniversity of Utah?RP: I think it's good. Hydrometallurgy is very good here,and they're doing a lot in ceramics, but this isnon-metallic. It isn't true metallurgy. However, their hydrometallurgy school is good under Wadsworth. I think they've got a good future, but I don't think that anybody's going to get any jobs. [laughter]FO: You think the jobs will be hard to come by.RP: Unless they can go foreign. Alaska is a place that offered some opportunities, but again it's metalprices.375
  ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 4FO: Will they rise in the near future?RP: Well, it's very difficult to say because of ourFO: RP:foreign policy on high grade ores that are coming in, and there's more high grade ores being found overseas than there are prospectors in this country.Is the government policy now wrong?Yes, I think so. They shouldn't subsidize these countries like giving them money to export copper and other metals into our country at prices we can't compete with. You asked me, I think, who were some of the people who have really been inspirational to me in the mining business, and I would say that Tom Brighton was one. Carl Dyce is another. He was an associate of mine, and I went to work for him out at the U.S. Smelter.How do you spell his name?D-y-e-e. And he later became president of Wachanga in Long Island. He's since died, and that was in the early part of my career. Then, also, here in this area was Bill Dargon who was with American Cyanamid Company. He lived here. Frank Whitworth and Bill Foggergran. I knew them very well.Say B ill's last name again.FO: RP:FO:RP: Foggergran. He invented the Foggergran flotationmachine, which was taken over by Cyanamid, and Frank 376
    ROBERT R. PORTER # 1 4Whitworth invented the air floats, and he persuaded me to go back East to Cyanamid. Then back there, there were several fellows who were very helpful. There was Joe Swenson and Louis(?)Crissman, who IF0 :think I told you about. Then later, of course, Arthur Stork. Great men. And I was really impressed with some of the Anglo-American engineers.Ver y interesting . The series of this interview with this interview come to an end. We want to thank you very, very much.RP: I liked to do it and thank you very much for having me.[END OF T APE]377