 +J () Q) .,..,0HA.! H:>-.H0 0 ..+J U) ¥r-1 ::I:l().() ..c: c m ¥r-1 +J +J:::::> mCANCES Salt Lake City, UtahAn Interview By Bill Welsh, Jr.Carbon County Oral History Project T ape No. CC-25February 24, 1973Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utahr-1m .. H :>-.r-1U)c0 +J m ár-1 H :>-. u E-t+Jc Q)   m 0m()u  Hár-1   t----:l HcU) +J Q) 0 H r-1 ....0 :::::> m..c:H 0 U) U) m  r-1 0u I Q) +J     M ().() H ,....... r-1 c  0'\ r-1 ¥r-1  ...-i ár-1 s .. 1=0 0u U) ...:t :>-.  C'I..O :>-.'\:! U).. H Q)U) m'\:1 ()u < Q) Q)   uu  U)If)    H Q) C ' l u J . . l 0 .,.., I z..0() ..0  +JMRS. EMILEL OUISE
 MRS. EMILE L OUISE CANCES Salt Lake City, UtahAn Interview By Bill Welsh, Jr.Carbon County Oral History Project T ape No. CC-25February 24, 1973Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 Table of ContentsFebruary 24, 1973Tape #1:Coming to America; T ranslating . 1 Work ............ . . 4
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH MRS. EMILE LOUISE CANCES OF SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. THE DATE IS FEBRUARY 24, 1973. THE INTER VIEWER I S B I L L WELSH. [ T H I S I S P ART OF THE CARBON COUNTY ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. TAPE # 1 . ]BW: EC: BW: EC:All right Grandma, when were you born?I was born in France the 28th of May 1888.Well, what were your parents, what did they do?My parents had a big farm and vineyards, we were making a good living, with grapes and wine, we were making wine. My father, my grandfather, they all had vineyards and cultivated the vineyards themselves. Sometime they had as many as six, seven, to ten mento help to cultivate everything because they don't let no grass grow in the vineyards.Well, when you went to school there, what things did you study?In this school we have geography, languages, and we have sports and we have sewing, how to keep a good home and how to sew, to be good manager, manager to be good--this is all recording here? Well, all right. Then when I was a very young girl I always said, 11 I want to go in another country, I want to see how the rest of the world was living.11 When I have a five year old little girl, we decided to come to America because my husband had a brother here in Sunnyside, Utah. This is where we came the first time, you know.BW:EC:
 MRS. EMILE LOUIS CANCES # 1When I got in Sunnyside, Utah, I was told I was going to hell when we were passing by with the train that we can see the coal carbons burning when we went down. I said, "Where are we going Daddy? I think we are going to hell." (Chuckle) Then it took us a long time to get accustomed,it was about at that time maybe fifteen or eighteen French families, some that had been here for a long time, but very few were speaking any English. The first thing I did was to ask my brother Lowell to write to San Francisco for some books, because I wanted to study English and I wanted to study Italian and Spanish. I have the books, French and English, French and Spanish, and French and Italian. In six months after I was in Sunnyside I could go to the office and talk for my husband. I could go to the doctor and I could even write notes in English, translated in French or from French to English.BW: You knew all those languages?EC: Well, I didn't know anything when I came in thiscountry, I don't even know where Utah is and we never studied but--we studied, but I lose my mother when I was real young, and I finished just to my eighth2
 MRS. EMILE LOUIS CANCES # 1grade and the first year of high school. But we went in there to study with a study to culture and homemakers and the sisters were taught, they see that we have three hours of geography, history, penmanship, sports, and the rest. We have to dosewing, needling, cooking, and everything that a good manager is supposed to do in a home. So when I came to Sunnyside all this kept me--well, that give me an incentive that I could do a lot of things by myself while some of the others couldn't do it. Then if somebody get hurt in the mine or something was happening everybody called me Madame Cances, and if something was going wrong, because I was speaking a little bit of English, a little bit of Italian, and a little bit of Spanish, they come to me, what can we do? I wasn't even too good at interpreting, but one way or another I make them understand. If I couldn't make them understand my language I always had my book with me, French and English, and always questions and answers so that if I couldn't make them understand I show my book. I show to them what I wanted, and then when I go to the store, to the grocery store, I have a big white long-handled parasol, white parasol, andI pointed with my parasol, "I want to this, I want that, I want this, and I want that." So finally, they3
 MRS. EMILE LOUIS CANCES # 1named me "the French lady with the white parasol . "(Chuckle) It's true. Then we--Daddy worked very hard there, because once they come overseas(?) they weren't there like they are now, they don't have a wash house to get a--what do you mean? They don't have a wash house to give wash when they get out. Those poor men, they have to walk sometimes two miles with their clothes all wet, and during the wintertime for three or four months, snow clear to their belts sometimes. They were coming home, and when they come home their pants, you cannot stand their pants, they weren't standing themselves they were so full of ice. We went all through this because I didn't want to ask my father to send me the money to come back because I was too proud. I told him in the first place that we could make money here, find the money on the streets, but I found out that we don't find the money, I never worked so hard that I work in Sunnyside and in Price, Utah.BW: What kind of work did you and Grandpa do?EC: Grandpa was a miner, and after a couple of years he was such a good man, such good worker, that he was working on contract, you know, and he was making pretty good, but nobody knew how much that man was working. Sometimes he didn't even take his time to4
 MRS. EMILE LOUIS CANCES # 1eat his lunch. Then the Number Two Mine got in fire in Sunnyside.BW: When was this?EC: I can't remember if it was 1918 or 1920 or 1919someplace, I can't remember exactly. Daddy used to work two shifts to help to fix it, the mining side, and to help to take the mens out because a lot of the men got hurt. We had to go through all those things and we don't know too much to help out there because we don't ever know how to water, no water in the ice, we have to go and get the water sometime, a block, and warm it up, all our water on the stove, to wash, even to wash our dishes, everything had to be warmed up and washed all by hand on this scrubbing board. Thank God that I have a good lady, and everybody can remember Nina Dolioti, she helped me for years, every morning she came and helped me wash, we washed from 7:30 in the morning until five o'clock at night on the washing board, because I had my four children andI have two, three, four, as many as five to eight borders. So all this we have to wash by hand, no machine. It was about eighteen or fifteen years before I had a washer, and it wasn't electric either, you have to run the--you have to work it by hand. So after that we kept a hotel in Price for two years,5
 MRS. EMILE LOUIS CANCES # 1but it wasn't a place for my children, so after two years we bought a home in Price and we make a good living. We had a little farm, a few cows that we wereselling milk but after that we couldn't stay like this, we can keep our five children at school and thinking about their college and things, so Grandpa went back to the mines, (oh you think, maybe it won't work.) Grandpa went back to the mine for a couple of years until he took his pension in 1948. In 1948 we were trying to sell the home in Price and retire in California, because Grandpa was tired to shovel the snow every winter and we were getting old, but God take him away before we ever took our wish. Daddy died of a heart attack, and that was the end of my stay, and be happy in Price or in Carbon County until I move with my Jeannette and I stay--and Bill, I have to say the name and I stay with them for a long, twelve to fifteen years I can't remember. You know, I'm going to be eighty-five years old. My mind is not what it used to be forty years ago, but I remember so many things, that I was pretty alert at that time, and I worked pretty hard, and if anybody needed me or if something was happening, everybody'd say, "Let's go get La Madame, let's go get La Madame Cances," and I go everyplace day or night. I even helped Dr. Doud,6
 MRS. EMILE LOUIS CANCES # 1Dr. Andrew Doud use to come to the house and bring me white gloves and a mask and a white robe and said,"Madame Cances, you have to come and help me for a few minutes or maybe an hour." What did I do with my two little girls, that weren't going to school? I put them in a big washtub and tied them with big dish towels and give them cookies or crackers and pictures and put them--[END OF SIDE ONE]--and I go help Dr. Doud for maybe a bad case of theflu or somebody that they need help or maybe for every birth when things wasn't going too well, and I'd go and help him. If somebody was sick, very sick and they couldn't understand Dr. Doud, he come and get me because I could speak the French and you could understand my French too. So all in all I worked very hard and I am not sorry for anything I've done, I tried always to do the best I could and raise my children the best I could too. Then thank you very much, and God bless America.[END OF INTERVIEW]7