 ALBERT VOGRENICPrice, UtahAn Interview By Nancy TaniguchiCarbon County Coal Mine Oral History Project No. 9May 3, 1982American West Center University of Utah Marriott Library Salt Lake City, Utah
 ALBERT VOGRENICMAY3 ,1 9 8 2Table of ContentsBackground Information The 1922 StrikeMining WagesSummer Jobs .Playing Baseball in Hiawatha The Third Generation V ogrenics Retirement A ctivities .148 15 23 33 43
 THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH ALBERT VOGRENIC, ON MAY 3, 1982 IN P RICE, UTAH. THE INTERVIEWER I S NANCY T ANIGUCHI. THIS I S FOR THE CARBON COUNTY COAL MINE ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.NT: Mr. Vogrenic is one of the retired members of the United Mine Workers of America, who was born here in Carbon County and spent most of his life working in the mines. Anyway they did get to Sunnyside and I know that all of our records that we got show that they arrived in Sunnyside in 1904, and when they came, why they had one sister. I had one sister that was born in Austria, and I had a brother that was born on the way, while they were coming.AV:NT: AV:NT: AV:NT: AV:NT: AV: NT: AV:Where was your brother born?I think he was born in Germany, see they had to stay, when they left Austria they, that's where they left to come to the United States.Now tell me the name of the town in Austria again?Well now the one that my dad was born in it was Lutmer and my mother came from Kuhmesberg.What part of Austria is that in, do you know?Hey you got me. I've been trying to find it. I'm going there next month.Are you! Good.Yes. I'm going to try and find them, I don't know.Do you know if it's in Croatia or Slovenia?I'm not sure, I think its Croatian to tell you the truth, but I'm really not sure.
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 ,1 9 8 2NT: So they went from there to Germany.AV: Yes .NT: And how long did they stay in Germany? AV: They were almost two years in Germany. NT: Then they came to New York?AV: Then they came to New York. See, when they left Austria, their intentions were right then to come right straight to Utah .NT: Why? How did they ever hear of Utah?AV: Well see my dad had a brother that was over here.NT: What was his name?AV: Joe. He had come over ahead and he had wrote back andtold my dad, to come, and of course my dad had served a stretch in the Austrian Army and he had got out and that was one of the reasons that he wanted to get out of there was because of the Persian War. With Prussia.NT: Right.AV: He was afraid that they were going to go to war and hewould be one of the first ones to go back in. NT: Good reason.AV: So, that's one of the reasons why he left, but mostly the reason that he left there, mostly was because my uncle wrote and told him that, hey this was a good place to come to and there was a chance to make a good living here. So that's why he came .2
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT: So he finally got to Sunnyside, right?AV: Yes .NT: And, had he already learned how to mine coal, or was thatnew for him?AV: No, that was new. See he was a mason by trade.NT: Oh really!AV: And he went into coal mining.NT: Did he ever get back to being a mason?AV: Once in a while he did some work, not very much. Heworked, when he worked at Mohrland, he did some masonwork for the U.S. Steel Co. over there.NT: What did he do at Mohrland? What did he make?AV: Well he made a couple of rock walls, these old rock wallsthey had up there along the tram, and then he built a rock foundation for a big water tank. What was it, a three four, about four of them that he built. See they had to have a big 50,000 gallon wood water tanks, and they had to have a foundation to set them on and he built them for them .NT: Right, right. Did he also mine coal at Mohrland? AV: Yes.NT: So you were born in Sunnyside in 1916?AV: Y es.NT: And...AV: We left Sunnyside in 1927.3
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT: Oh you did? Do you remember the strike of 1922 there? AV: Yes mam!NT: Tell me about it!AV: Well, I don't know what you want to know about it, theonly thing I can tell you is I can remember when theykicked us out of town!NT: Did they really?AV: And we were living in tents down below the town and theyhad this great big fence up, a great big wire fence across the bottom end of town there, and us kids use to get up on the fence and throw rocks at the ... at the scabs.NT: Did you?AV: But I can remember that much of it, and then I canremember they use to let them go once a day in the wagon,they would load them up in the wagon. NT: Load who up?AV: The people, so they could go up in the town, and see they were escorted. They had a police escort, and they were carrying guns, and they were escorted, and they could go to the post office and to the store and back.NT: Did you ever go up there?AV: Yes, I went. I rode the wagon once or twice. Of course wedidn't. Us kids, we were more trouble and bother. They didn ' t like to bother with us.4
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT: That's true.AV: Because we didn't realize really how serious it was,because those guys they meant business and they wouldkill.NT: Did you ever hear of anybody being killed?AV: Well, no, I'm not going to say truthfully, because atthat time there was a couple killed. NT: Yes, but?AV: You know as far as I know, hey it wasn't those people that were there, only that we were shot at I know that.NT: You were, as kids?AV: Oh yes, you bet you!NT: Well how come, what were you doing?AV: Well, we climbed that fence and hey that fence was out ofbounds.NT: So the guards would ...AV: Oh yes, you bet you! At night time of course, here is thething you know, at night. I don't know if you are familiar with Sunnyside or not, but they had these great big search lights, and they had men up there with machine guns, and they'd go back and forth and if they saw anything on that fence, ---?---!NT: Oh really! Did they ever get close?AV: Well not really, but it was enough to scare the hell outof you! And you'd get away from there, you learned5
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2respect that way! You know, why they meant business andso did we.NT: Yes. So your dad was a member of the union, I take it? AV: Yes.NT: But they let him back into Sunnyside?AV: Y es.NT: How come? Do you know?AV: Well, now supposedly they broke the union and all thoseNT: AV:NT: AV: NT: AV: NT: AV: NT:that went back they was suppose to give the company a statement that they had devolved their membership with the union, of course there was at that time why they was ---?--- all you had to do was, was say hey I give it up. I see.You know it's not in this modern day and age, a man's word was his word. And of course when the union was non- existent from then until around about 1933-34. And if I remember in Mohrland in 1934 they started to organize again.What was your dad's name again? Pete .Pete.Peter.And what was your mother's name?Franchise .And did your dad join up then at Mohrland?6
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: Yes, he rejoined .NT: That's good.AV: In Mohrland .NT: Did he get any seniority for having joined before?AV: No, now you see at that time, these mines; like U.S. FuelCo., they never did belong to the union, never everorganized.NT: Oh. You mean down--now U.S. Fuel was--AV: That was Mohrland. U.S. Fuel, you see now at that timeU.S. Fuel took in Mohrland , Blackhawk , Hiawatha and Heiner. They had the four mines, and see they got, they become unionized, in 1933 or 1934 .NT: I see.AV: So that's when their union started, you know actuallytheir seniority, their time as union members, of course my dad never did claim that previous time because of the fear of hate , you would lose you job, you know .NT: Yes.AV: You know, up until the time I started to work, in 1939,a boss could say, goodbye and he didn't have to have anyreason or anything you know.NT: And so you started coal mining in 1939?AV: Yes .NT: And were you a union member then?AV: Yes I was, when I started. Well wait a minute when I7
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2first started I worked out to Soldier Canyon, and loaded coal by hand, I shot coal and just like the, like some of these old pictures that you've seen, I left there and went up to work up to L ittle Standard .NT: When?AV: 1939.NT: So how did--AV: I worked out too. I worked out to Horse Canyon for abouttwo months. And then I got a chance to go to work up to Little Standard and so I went to work up there in October .NT: Why did you leave Horse Canyon for Little Standard?AV: More money!NT: Good reason! What were your wages, do you remember?AV: Well I was loading coal up to, up to Soldier Canyon for43 cents a ton.NT: Holy cow! What were they paying up at Little Standard? AV: 58.NT: And in 1939 how did that rate?AV: Well you know if you could work every day, it was prettygood wages .NT: And were you working everyday?AV: Well in the wintertime yes, summertime, no!NT: What did you do in the summertime?AV: Just waited around for that day to go to work. Mostly! Of8
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2course, see I got married in 1939, and my wife was from Emery County, and her folks had a farm, and so on the idle days I'd go down and help them on the farm. Whatever work I could do down there. I was green I didn't know anything about farming. So her father and her brothers they taught me farming.NT: What is her family name? AV: Oviat.NT: Where is she from?AV: Almo.NT: What's her first name?AV: LaRee. And so my idle days I spent there and then my workdays of course when I--but then, what I stayed right there in Hiawatha until 1943, and one year I left, I went to California, during the war they were going to draft me, and I said, "To hell with this, I'm going to go out and have me a good time", but they never did draft me so I come back and went back to work in Hiawatha.NT: When did you leave Little Standard for Hiawatha?AV: 1940. 1940? Y es, i t was 1940.NT: Was--AV: Well I worked there in Little Standard there for about,what about six months, about five months--five-sixmonths, something like that.NT: Why did you decide to go the Hiawatha?9
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3, 1982AV: That was a better job.NT: What were you doing there?AV: Well I started, what, what do you want to call it,"nipper?"NT: Yeah, that's what a "nipper" is.AV: And you see I was loading coal on my hands and knees upto L ittle Standard.NT: How low is the vein?AV: Well it was 42 inches.NT: Whew!AV: SoI...NT: Were you having to shoot your own coal up there or not? AV: Yes, we had to drill and do all of our own work up there,just like we did out to Little Standard.NT: What were you doing, single jack or double jack?AV: We had, for our drilling, I don't know if you're familiarwith this old type coal drill.NT: What the rotary kind?AV: Yes, well that's the kind I used.NT: On your knees?AV: You bet you! Practically everything you had to do on yourknees.NT: Okay, so then you went down to Hiawatha and worked as a"nipper," you stayed there until when?AV: Well I worked there until 1943. I changed on different10
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2jobs. I went dispatching and then I was a section foreman, and then I went, well I was a section foreman when I left. And then when I come back, I was a shot- fire. I came back to 1945, and I worked there until 1971.NT: You must have liked Hiawatha.AV: Well it was a good place to work.NT: Why?AV: As good as any, you know, I had a chance to go to EastNT : AV:Carbon, during the war, you know when the war broke out, but I was happy where I was at, so I couldn't see any reason to leave there.Y e s .And, of course when I went back to work there I started out as a fire boss, and then I went to work as a section foreman and got disgusted with that and quit it and went back to work in---?---. And I worked on the outside and then I got transferred to the outside because while I was working in the shift yards I learned to be a plumber. Good for you!So when I came back to Hiawatha, why, I believe it was in 1949 I think it was. They asked me to go outside to help the plumber out there because he was getting behind on his work.Yes.And, so I went to work out there and I worked out thereNT: AV:NT: AV:11
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2for about six months and they asked me if I'd like to stay out there and I said yes.Yes, you like the outside better than the inside?Y es.NT:AV:NT:AV: And from there on then I was in the mine and out, youNT:AV:NT: AV:know as when time's were good, I'd be on the outside, and we, I was working with a crew of about 16, 17 guys on the outside, and then when it slowed down why then they'd send us back in the mine, and I'd go back on, and of course I'd, I had an experience in running all the machinery that they had at that time. I knew how to operate all the machinery and so it was no problem for me to go back in there.Yes. To go back to your childhood in Sunnyside, how come your family left in 1927 to go to Mohrland?It was more money, again! Sunnyside was really slow at that time.In 1927 and Mohrland wasn't?Mohrland, well I don't know, whether it was or wasn't, the only thing I can tell you is my dad said he could make a lot more money. They were working a little bit better over there, because you see Sunnyside at that time, most of their coal was being used at the coke ovens. The coke was used for steel you know, and duringI think everybody does!12
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2that period, just prior to the depression, hey that went down to where there was very little work, and of course I don't know how you can compare one to the other, because I can remember the time when, over there in Mohrland when my dad would work two days in one month and, and then he would be off the next month completely. So he would get two days and two months because Hiawatha and Mohrland they were, they belonged to the same company. Well Mohrland it's your turn to work this month. So what ever days that they had orders for coal you'd work that month, then you would be off the next month at Hiawatha.NT: Was that summertime or wintertime?AV: Summertime. They were pretty good in the wintertime. NT: Well how did your family survive in the summer?AV: Well you know, one thing now that my folks did, [was]they were some people up in consumers. He had a farm upthere, we use to go up there and help ---?--- NT: Who was that?AV: Joe Panavitch. We use to go up there and help him with his farm, pick his potatoes, put his potato crop up, put his cabbage crop up and we got paid. In potatoes and cabbage.NT: Right.AV : We always managed to , someway or other my dad would rake13
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2up enough money to buy a couple of little wiener pigs,and we raised them for our food.NT: So you would, what would you do, live up in Consumers orwould you come all the way up from Mohrland?AV: We would go from Mohrland.NT: Everyday?AV: Well we would only grow, potatoes. Well when we would goup there to work with him on that, we'd just go up thereand stay.NT: How long would you stay up there?AV: Oh sometime it would be about, oh five. It all depends onhow much work he had. Never more than a week, but wewould be over there about a week.NT: And what year was this that you were doing this?AV: Oh dear! Let's see. 1932, 1933, & 1934, I can rememberthem days, and 1934 and 1935 I worked for a Sam Peruchi. Now I don't know if you've heard that name or not, now I worked for him, my folks had a grocery bill and so I went over there and I worked for a dollar a day.NT: Now which store was this?AV: That was the one he called it the Montaballo Mercantile? NT: At Blackhawk?AV: At Hiawatha, yes. I used to go down, over there and helphim milk cows, go down on the farm and do farm work, and help Sam put up his orders for his groceries. He paid14
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3, 1982the folk's bill off that way. NT: That's good.AV: I herded sheep. Hey we did anything. If there was a job, hey, we went out looking for work.NT: Who did you herd sheep for?AV: Oh, Deaf John. I don't know if you knew him. Not DeafJohn, Crazy John!NT: Who was Crazy John?AV: Now I can't tell you what his last name is, that's all Ican tell you, is Crazy John!NT: Where did he run his sheep?AV: He ran his sheep over there in Cedar Creek and then hewent back over in Beaver country.NT: Yes. What nationality was he?AV: He was Greek, and crazy too!NT: Why?AV: Four o'clock in the morning and, "Hey boy, sheep go, getup." Eleven o'clock at night, I'd come in dog tired and I'd want something to eat, "I'm too tired, no eat to- night!"NT: How much were you paid for this?AV: A dollar a day. That was top pay, no matter what.Wherever you went in them days, a dollar a day was ... and then there was another fellow, during, when I was going to high school, we work[ed] for him, old Dale Lot(?) and15
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3, 1982he raised a lot of potatoes. and he'd have us kids go down there and sort his potatoes out, the bad ones from the good ones.NT: Where was his place?AV: Down in what they call Cedar Creek Ranch---?---.NT: So when were you herding sheep and sorting potatoes? AV: Oh dear, that's when I was going to...NT: What year though?AV: Oh, 1932 was when I was sorting potatoes, and I think, ifI remember right it was the first year that I was in high school, 1933, in the summer of 1933 I think it was. I didn't last too long herding sheep!NT: I guess not!AV: Tell you, those days were too long, and I didn't getnothing to eat, and I was starving to death, but I didn'tlast too long at that.NT: How come your folks could trade at Peruchi's instead ofhaving to go to the company store? AV: Well we had to.NT: Oh you had to go to the company store?AV: Oh you had to go to the company store.NT: In Mohrland?AV: Yes, and in, but the thing of it was, is that he use tomake deliveries. NT: I see.16
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: See he use[d] to deliver the stuff right to the house, now I don't know. Peruchi had a working deal with the U.S. Fuel Co. because of a property deal.NT: Oh really?AV: See he owned some property, and U.S. Fuel Co. had to havethe right of way through his property. What the set up was, I can't tell you the technicality of it, but I don't know this, that he was allowed to go into Hiawatha, Blackhawk, and Mohrland, all three of those camps, and deliver. And of course he had his store was down below out of the town there you know, and people use[d] to go down there and buy stuff anyway. They could walk there, but as long as they did most of the time, hey now if you didn't spend so much of your wages in the company store look out!NT: Right.AV: Just like now I know that the superintendent over therein Mohrland, he use[d] to go through the books every so often. He would go through the books and he'd say, "Well, Pete Vogrenic didn't buy any coal now for the last three months, charge him for a ton of coal."NT: Holy cow, who was your superintendent over there?AV: Well now I don't know if I should mention it, well ---?---hey it was Wetzel(?).NT: Wetzel? Oh that's Mrs. Kelso's dad?17
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: Y es.NT: Yes, sure, because she's talked about that.AV: Yes, well hey you weren't fooling the guy. Look you wereburning coal there you know, and we use to go down there on the railroad, pick up the coal, take it horne and he would say, 11Well so and so hasn't bought any coal for so long and charge him for a ton of coal.11 You didn't say anything.NT: Well how could you?AV: Because if you did say something, well he would say,11 Hey, where did you get that coal you been burning? 11 and you'd just convict yourself and hey if you were caught stealing or anything like that in them days, goodbye!NT: Yes, that's right.AV: And so you didn't argue with him and I know my particu-lar, well I was a kid still yet, what it was my sophomore year in high school, and we use[d] to have, make it a delight to go over there and see if we could pop up one of them windows in the tipple over there and this one dayI was over there with this sling-shot and here he carne on horse and he caught me.NT: Oh what happened?AV: Well he told me, he says, he took me down there to thetipple and we had a 11 durnrny shack11 ,dummies too, and they used them to tap the holes when18where they made
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2they blasted(?), and he says, "I want you here at five o ' clock, every morning until I tell you to quit!" I said,"Yes sir!" No argument, and I was there, and I worked there for about, I guess it was about four weeks and one morni ng he came there round about nine o'clock , and he says, and he looked around and he says, "How many you got made?" and I said , "I don't know . " and he said, "How come?" and I said, "Well I got all them boxes full there, and that's why they bring me more boxes and I fill them." And so he said, "Well you come down to the office tonight after work." and I thought "Oh God, I'm going to jail now." I figured that was the end. Well I went down there and I snuck in there kind of timid like and a clerk was there and said, "What do you want?" and I said, "Mr. Wetzel wants me." "Well go in there!" So I went, I walked in there and he said, "Yes sir, I'll never break another wi ndow!" He says , "Okay." and so he hands me a check.NT: Did he?AV: For $18 . 00 , and that was very, I don't know how, well Iknow the men knew just exactly, that's just how much Ineeded to start school then. NT: Oh my goodness!AV: So you see there was some good you know, because he was a tough old guy, he was a good old guy too.NT: So where did you go to school?19
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: At Huntington.NT : Oh .AV: Huntington, Huntington High School, well it was NorthEmery High School at that time.NT: And what did the eighteen dollars go for?AV: Well, that went for my tuition and my, what was that cardwe had to have? Student body card? NT: Yes.AV: My books and a pair of overalls.NT: So you were up there busting windows during the summer Itake it!AV: Well I done what most of them would do.NT: Sure, that's right!AV: And then like I say, I just spent all my time there untilI got busted up. I got my back broke. NT: How?AV: In 1971, I fell off a ladder.NT: Oh.AV: And that was the end of it.NT: Yes. Well how many years did you have by then? A V: T h i r t y - t w o .NT: That's enough to retire on, isn't it?AV: Oh yes, I would have liked to work a little bit longer.I had my goal set, I wanted to work until I was 62, but-- NT: It can't be helped.20
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: But , he said you have done enough, I guess. That ' s about all I can tell you.NT: What did your mom do when you were a kid?AV: She did anything, my mother washed clothes for thesebachelors .NT: Were they Austrian?AV: Greeks, any of them, it didn't matter, and they were,mostly they were. She had about four Greek fellows that she did their laundry for and there was, I don't know all of them. Some of them Austrian. There were a couple or two or three Austrians. In Sunnyside I didn't pay too much attention to that, because really and truly it wasn't them kind of things. Hey they were work! and I was a kid. I was looking for the easy way to get away from them, so I'd go hide and I'd never have anything to do with them---?--- avoid(?) it. I remember when she use[d] to spend all day long though, washing clothes and she would get them washed and ironed and she would have to have them ready for the next day, you know, but she did that. Of course in those days I can remember where my mother use to bake twelve, fourteen loafs of bread. That would be, sometimes, if she was lucky that would be enough for that week.NT: Just for the family? AV: Yes .21
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT: You didn't have any borders?AV: No. Well when you start to feeding nine...NT: Yes, it's true!AV: We all had to have appetites like horses! No way youcoul d . .. and of course my dad , we always made sauerkraut . We always use to have a couple or fifty gallon barrels of sauerkraut and you had your own flour, made bread, and you had your own sausage, and potatoes. And that's the way you lived.NT: So you made your own sausage too then? AV: Y es.NT: Did you have a smoke house?AV: Yes.NT: At Sunnyside?AV: Yes, we had one at Sunnyside and we had one at Mohrland.Had a smoke house and had one of these regular old dutchovens.NT: Outdoors?AV: Outdoors. My mother use[d] to bake her bread right in that oven.NT: Did you have to get permission from the company to build them?AV: No, no.NT: No, you just put them up.AV: I just, they just let you put them up.22
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT: But it was a company house, right?AV: Yes , well their smoke houses . The one I can remember morevividly was the one in Mohrland. Dad went down by the railroad there and got some old railroad ties, and he hued them out and fit them together, and then he went and got some mud and straw and filled it in the cracks with that and put a roof on it and that was the smoke house and then, I can't tell you where he got those brick that he made the dutch-oven, but it was all made out of all brick.NT: That would be nice.AV: Mother use[d] to bake bread once a week [and] washclothes once a week .NT: Had plenty to do in between, I'm sure!AV: Oh yes. Yes I was telling my wife, if they had to do ittoday like in, like they done it then, she would get one meal through and as soon as she would get one through why my sisters would start on the dishes and she would start cooking for the next meal! So that's about the way it was with her.NT: When you were a kid, did you play any sports or any games?AV: Oh yes.NT: What did you play? AV: Baseball .23
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT: For a team or--?AV: Oh yes, both me and my younger, we played basketball forthe high school, went to State Tournament. NT: Good for you!AV: In track I had a record in the low hurdles(?).END OF SIDE ONEThen when we went to Hiawatha, here was three of us played on the main baseball team for Hiawatha for, oh dear , about twelve years.NT: How did you get picked to be on the camp baseball teams at Mohrland and Hiawatha, did you try out, or they knew you?AV: Hey, you just had to be the best!NT: How about that!AV: They didn't have any try outs or anything like that. Seewe started out we played American Legion ball, both me and my younger brother. We use[d) to hitch-hike from Mohrland. They didn't have enough kids in Mohrland. So we use[d] to hitch-hike to play with the legion team here in Price.NT: Holy cow that ' s a long way!AV: We would hitch-hike from Mohrland down, practice. Wewould try to make it once or twice a week, sometimes they would, when they had a game, have somebody bring us from Mohrland down, and other times why we'd have to hitch-24
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 ,1 9 8 2hike down or we would come down the night before.NT: Where would you stay in Price?AV: I had an aunt that lived here in Price.NT: Who was she?AV: Pasick.NT: Which Pasick?AV: Do you know Ursula Pasick, do you know Sheriff Pasick? NT: Yes, sure.AV: His mother.NT: Yes, sure, ok.AV: She was my aunt. She was my mother's sister.NT: So how old were you when you were playing American Legionball?AV: I wasn't very old. I think I started when I was 15, Harrywas 14.NT: Yes and then?AV: Because it was our first year that we were in high school, 1933, we played legion ball that year.NT: And when did you start playing for the camp?AV: 1936.NT: How did the camp know you were the best?AV: Ah, we had a couple with the main team. I don't knowwhether you're familiar with, in them days you know, heythey used the important ball players. NT: Yes.25
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: So this one year in particular, us kids, we challenged what was the main team, the town team, to a ball game; for the adults, whoever won the ball game would play, would represent Mohrland.NT: I see!AV: And so us kids, we challenged.NT: You challenged the company's main team? With theirimported ball players?AV: Oh yes, you bet you. They had two of them come from SaltLake City. They come down here. They were living in Salt Lake and they would just come down here special, to play ball on the weekends.NT: But they claimed they were with the company, right?AV: Oh yes, they were with the company. They were employed by the company, I guess. We beat'em! Now that's the way weproved we were better! NT: Yes.AV: And they were really embarrassed.NT: I bet!AV: After that, they were no trouble you know. The only thingof it was, that particular time, most of the guys had played ball for the team, or for like Mohrland, hey they worked for the company. They were being paid to play baseball, you know. They had jobs, but I can remember some of them going up there and playing catch on the26
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 ,1 9 8 2outside up there .NT: And did they get the same wages as you?AV: Oh yes!NT: How much were you making?AV: I didn't get anything when I played ball!NT: Oh I see, but how much were the wages that these guyswould get?AV: It would run about four and a half a day.NT: Four and a half dollars a day?AV: Yes that is what they were being paid.NT: To play baseball?AV: Yes. See they was working, they was supposed to beworking in the mines. NT: Yes.AV: They weren't being paid to be baseball players. See they were miners .NT: Yes.AV: But they didn't know nothing about coal mining as far asthey got. As close as they got to the mine was maybe outside playing catch. Like I say if the mine worked, okay they got four dollars and fifty cents a day, if the mine didn't work okay they were just like we were. But then, of course when I went to work in Hiawatha in 1940,I was just politely informed that that day, now I expect to see you at ball practice tonight, because those27
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT:AV:"supers", hey they had a, quite a thing between one another, and they use[d] to bet quite a bit of money on ball games. Whichever one had the best ball team, well I'll bet you!Oh my goodness, but even though they were the same company it didn't stop the "supers"?Well i t didn' t stop the coal, the two camps either, Hiawatha or Mohrland, they we use to fight tooth and nail when I lived in Mohrland. Boy oh boy I'm telling you, us kids. We had a kids team in Hiawatha, and we played just ourself and if we couldn't beat you one way, we'd fight you the other!Did you ever get really hurt in those?Oh you bet you! I got the devil beat out of me lots of times! Quite a few times, because I wasn't too big. I could run good!What position did you play?I played catch and I was in the outfield, and one brother was short stop, and the other one was a third baseman. Which brothers?Joe played short stop, and Harry played third base, Pet e played second base, and the outfield. I played catcher and then the outfield .So then your family was half the team?Yes. I can remember one game in particular we played. We28NT: AV:NT: AV:NT: AV:NT: AV:
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2had a holiday and we went over to Spring City is it? NT: Yes.AV: Over in Sanpete County.NT: Yes.AV: We played a ball game over there and they told us theydidn't want us to come over unless we had a good ballteam. NT: Yes.AV: The first two innings we had 28 runs, and one guy give up and threw his glove down and he says, 11 It doesn't matter where you throw it, but then they are going to still hit us, so just throw it! 11NT: Oh that's great!AV: We were good ball players, I'm not bragging, but we weregood ball players.NT: How many years did you play?AV: About fourteen altogether.NT: Continuously With your brothers?AV: Sure.NT: Or one of them, or two of them?AV: Yes, I quite sooner than Harry and Joe. They played acouple of years after I did. I got hit in the eye, with a baseball and had trouble with this left eye, or my right eye was rather and ...NT: How old were you when you got hit? 29
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: Oh dear! I got to go look in the book, for that one, I can't tell you, that was around about 1958, 1956, 1956- 58 , somewhere along in there.NT: Yes. kind of scared you huh?AV: Well, I don't know what it was, but I was getting olderNT:AV:and it wasn't fun anymore.Did the company give you any benefits for getting hit in the eye on their ball team?No I [sic] didn't have insurance at that time you know, it was getting just a little more, what you call civi- lized and things weren't quite as bad at that time as they were before. I had insurance with the company you know, through the company we had insurance that covered ---?--- Yes... . for something like that.Do you belong to any Lodges, or did you?I belong to the Knight's of Columbus, and I never didjoin any lodges, no. My dad belonged to a National Slavonic Home Lodge.Is it that one that is down in Spring Glen then?Y es.Yes.Yes, he belonged to that, but I never had no hand for anything like that. I joined the Knight's of ColumbusNT: AV: NT: AV:NT: AV: NT: AV:30
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3, 1982here about fifteen years ago .NT: Yes. I'm surprised your dad didn't get you in theSlavonic Lodge.AV: Well he tried to, but I'll tell you my parents they wereNT: AV:NT: AV: NT:AV:kind of--. When they left the old country they left it for good, and they left everything back there, and I feel so bad now, that I didn't learn the Austrian language better. I can understand it fairly good, and I can talk it a little bit, but I would give anything, if I could talk it fluently because just like now this experience being I want to go back to Austria.Yes.If I could go back there and talk to those people, maybe I could find out where, I'm suppose to have some relation back there, some cousins, but I don't have, think I'll have much luck with, what limited Austrian I've got. Well you may get lucky.I might, I hope!Were the lodge meetings all in Austrian? Was that the problem?Well, at that time yes. One thing in particular I can remember back in Sunnyside, .now they use to have an Austrian band. One of my sisters played in this band, we called it the Tambourine Band, and it was just all young kids , of course they were , we were a little bit younger31
 ALBERT VOGRENICMAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT : AV:see, we weren ' t oldWhat ' s your sistersFransise. Fransise, her name is Fransise Day now, but she played in that band and boy I'll tell you we use to have a quite a time on these holidays, festival days, on your name day or on so. They were baptized whey they use to have their big feasts and have their get together and have the band come to play, and Christmas time they would go all around the town playing their instruments.enough to be in that band. name?NT: What did your sister play, what instrument?AV: Tambourine! That's all I can tell you, it was that little, it's like a banjo only it's not a banjo you know.It was rounded out. NT: Y es.AV: What do they call it?NT: I don't know, it might be a mandolin.AV: That's it, that's it!NT: A mandolin?AV: Yes, and see they had, oh some little short ones, andsome medium size ones and some great big long ones. Three different sized, I can remember them distinctly, because I wanted to play that thing . . And every time I got my hands on it I got my head thumped!NT: By your sister? AV: Whoever saw me!32
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT: How much older than you, is she?AV: Oh dear1 she is seven years older.NT: Is she still around here?AV: Yes. She lives here. Of course I have one sister thatlives right down here, then I have a brother that lives right down here and then the other sister lives up at the north-east end of town.NT: Quite a few of you around then.AV: That's all of us, I have. My older sister is in Oregon.She is the one that was born in the old country, and sheis what , eighty two years old. NT: Gee!AV: She never did stay around here in Carbon County. She left here in 1933 I think it was.NT: Was she married then?AV: Yes. She went to Oregon, and she's been up there eversince.NT: Have the rest of your family stayed with the coal mining? AV: Yes, pretty much. Yes, all of us are coal miners.NT: What about your children?AV: I have a boy and a girl. My boy is with the U.S. Depart-ment of Immigration, down on the border patrol.NT: Where at, Arizona?AV: He is in Arizona. He's down there now, he was up in NorthDakota, but he's down in Arizona now, and my daughter, 33
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2she lives in Henderson, Nevada. Her husband works at Calville Bay, he's a assistant supervisor of Calville Bay there on Lake Mead, they rent out boats, you know like Bullfrog?NT: Yes.AV: That's where she met him, was in Bullfrog and he workedhis way up from Bullfrog down to Wahweep, and then he wastransferred down to Calville Bay.NT: Have you got any nieces or nephews that are still here inthe coal mines?AV: I don't think that there are any.NT: That's amazing.AV: I don't think that there was any, no. Harry's kids are;one is working in the post office in Salt Lake aqd the other is working for Xerox. Joe's boys are in Ogden, the other is in Salt Lake. Fransise's kids are in Salt Lake and Denver, and that is all of them.NT: Hum. So mining didn't last too long in your family?AV: No, not with us, me and my younger brother, we ended it. NT: How come you didn't encourage your kids to go into it ordidn't they want to?AV: I didn't want them to.NT: Why not?AV: Well, if I had it to do over again, I would never stay inCarbon County long enough to say good-bye, really and34
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2truly I wouldn't!NT: Why not. Where would you have gone?AV: Well, number one I had a chance to go to school and Ididn ' t take advantage of it .NT: Where could you have gone?AV: I could have gone to the University of Utah or I couldhave went to BYU. I had a scholarship to all threecolleges. NT: On what?AV: Athletics.NT: Yes, but you didn't take it?AV: Well I used the excuse that I couldn't afford to go, andI says well I'm going to go work in the coal mines one year and get me enough money to go to school.NT: What year?AV: Beg your pardon?NT: What year was that?AV: That was 1936.NT: Yes. And then?AV: And then I still worked in that one year, trying to getenough money to go to school, because once you get started--I don't know, there's something in that coal mine that gets in your blood. And that's it, you're a coal miner!NT: Yes. Were you in debt to the company store?35
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: Well no, not really, I didn't go into debt to the company store not until after I started to work there, and it didn't take very long, after you started to work, because, when I started to work, I lived here in Price, and rode back and forth for a little while and then finally I went down here to DTR.NT: What's? [the DTR]AV: Dixon Taylor Russell's, furniture company.NT: Yes.AV: I bought me two rooms of furniture and I moved up toHiawatha, and then I was in debt! And that was what? Ittook me, oh until around about 1942, 1943.NT: To get out of debt?AV: About three or four years.NT: To get out of debt?AV: To get out of debt, because I was just drawing dollar paydays, and that was the way they wanted you. If you dropped one dollar they knew you weren't going to go out of town. They knew you would be there to work the next day the mine worked. They had a good psychology, you know I stop and think about how smart I figured I was when I was a young guy. Now I sit      and I figure out just how dumb I was, because they knew just exactly what they were doing.NT: Tell me what you mean by dollar pay-day? 36
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2AV: That's all, you know they could take all your wages but one dollar.NT: Uh-huh.AV: You see when I first start to work, they could take allyour wages. If you owed the company, now like you take when I was working up to Little Standard, you used to have to buy your powder, and buy your caps and you'd have to pay to get your pick sharpened, you'd have to pay to get your bits, all your grill bits sharpened, you had to pay for the lamp, pay for the bath house.NT: Uh-huh.AV: All of those things you had to pay for, well they tookthat all out. Well if you worked enough to pay for it well okay, if you had any more coming than that, well that is what you got, but they took out everything that you owed them first, and then of course when it come to, when I went to Hiawatha why then they added in the store. That's the first you did when you went to work, was you signed up and gave the store the authority to take your grocery bill out, well of course they could say well just come in and charge it, charge it and that was awful easy.NT: Uh-huh.AV: And the first thing you know, you had a seventy-fivedollar grocery bill, and you only had a thirty-five dollar pay-day. Well they would take everything, so you37
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2didn't get anything. Well then a the union come in there that one year and they said well they're going to change this, take all but one dollar. So they gave us one doll ar.NT: What could you do with one dollar?AV: About the same as you could do with nothing!NT: Oh boy.AV: But when they passed that law, why then I said, "We'renot going to do nothing but work, eat, and sleep to get out of debt," and God bless her folks, they helped us, stuff from the farm.NT: Yes.AV: Meat, butter, milk, and eggs and we got out of debt.NT: And so you took off, huh?AV: Well, I didn't take off on account of that, I just tookoff, because they kept waving the flag in my face and saying, "Well now if you don't be a good boy, you know we got you a deferment, and we ' re keeping you out of the war", all this and I says, "To hell with it you, if that's what you're going to use on me as a weapon," I says, "I'm ready to go!" They said, "Well if you leave here you' 11 be in or you' 11 be drafted!" and I said,"Okay." So I took off. NT: Yes .AV: Of course, then when I was called in for a physical they 38
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2told me that in 21 days I would be in the Army and I don't know how many days that is now, but they never did call me. When they told me I was going to be in the Army I asked my wife if she wanted to stay down there or whether she wanted to come back here and she said, "Well, I'd just as soon be back here." So I moved my family back here.NT: Yes.AV: And I waited around for a couple of months, nothinghappened so I thought, "Hey I better go back to work, themoney is starting to get low again." NT: Yes.AV: SoIhadtogobacktowork.Iwentbacktoworkinthe mine and stayed there.NT: Hum, but not your kids?AV: Nope! I told them that they weren't going to be coalminers. I didn't want them to be coal miners. I had high hopes. I'm satisfied, really satisfied with the job that the boy is on.NT: That's good.AV: Because he has done real good. He has got one more promo-tion to come and then he'll    top dog in his field. NT: That's great.AV: And, why he ever went into that, I don't know, but he's happy with it.39
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2NT: That's good. Would you tell anybody nowadays to go into mining?AV: Yes ! Really I would.NT: What ' s the difference now?AV: Well conditions are a lot better, and hey that money isNT : AV:not t oo shabby .That ' s true. Do you think it's dependable?I believe so. I can't see where there is anything that is going to take coal, the demand for coal away, in the foreseeable future, that is, me and myself you know my time is limited, but right now, everybody that's involved in coal, I mean the working people, the operators and everybody. They take care of things this coal future, as far as I'm concerned, looks pretty good.How is the union taking it?Well, I'm 100% union, I'll tell you that right now, and I feel like this, we need the union, and we need it more today than we did when we first started.How come?Well, everybody says that they figure that labor is too strong.Uh-huh.And I think that what little good labor has derived from their fruits of labor is just through the union, because, God pity us if we didn't have it, and you know they sayNT: AV:NT: AV:NT: AV:40
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2they blame everything on the union, but really right know in this day and age there is only about 22% of the working force in this country, that is organized.NT: Yes, that is true.AV: So I ask this question, why is union being blamed foreverything? NT: That's right.AV: And I still think, and I always will think it, that we need it more today than we did when I was working. Really and truly I'm dependent upon the union right today, for my pension.NT: Yes.AV:      if they, if we lose our union, I lose my pension, Ilose my medical card and where would I be?NT: I don't think there is any chance of you losing it, doyou?AV: Well, I wish I could feel that safe.NT: Really?AV: Yes, I wish I could feel that safe. You know Congress haspassed a law that it's guaranteed, well they can pass alaw to unguarantee it as they did to guaranty it. NT: Yes.AV: So you see, I'm still from the old school, I learned the hard way. In the coal mines I learned the hard way, is don't take anything for granted, because God gave it to41
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3 , 1 9 8 2you, and he can take it back.NT: That's true, that's true. Oh I'll bet your wife ischomping at the ---?---AV: T ell you one more thing.NT: Please do.AV: This is my work, right here now, that is what I do now. NT: Oh, that's beautiful! How did you learn woodworking,carpentry?AV: When I went to school.NT: At Huntington? Boy they must have had a heck of a teacherdown there! That many years ago, huh?AV: Yes I just finished one. I started doing this after Iretired.NT: Yes. That's beautiful! All this inlay and, differentkinds of, what is it? AV: ---?---NT: Who taught you to do this?AV: A what's his name, there's an old Greek fellow, a PetePompas, another coal miner, he worked at Sunnyside.NT: And he taught you to do inlay work?AV: Y es.NT: What in your idle days?AV: Yes, just on my time off, and so after I retired why Iwent ahead and got me a set up, I got me a little shop, downstairs and I make different things.42
 ALBERT VOGRENIC MAY 3, 1982NT: How many years have you known how to do this?AV: Oh about, what, about eight years.NT: Boy that's beautiful! So nice something you can use too.Right?AV: Yes, I just made some milk stools, little milk stools, Itook down to Arizona, one to my boy and one to my daughter and then there is a fellow down there gave me some wood, some hard wood, so I made a milk stool for him.NT: Gol, that's great! Well you're certainly not sitting around loafing I can tell!AV: I've got two things in here I can show you. NT: Okay.AV: ... that I got made.END OF INTERVIEW43