 W . E . HAGGARD Blanding, UtahAn Interview By Dorothy ErickUranium History Project Tape Nos. 116, 117 Interview #1 August 2, 1971Marriott Library University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
 
 TAPE #1About HimselfExperiences in the Mine. Unusual Experiences Reciprocity Between States inFlash Floods.Ore Haulers .Ore Hauling PermitsLife After Hauling.Drilling for Union Carbide. Costs of Drilling.Drilling in WyomingDrilling in Blanding. Drilling in Montezuma .. Conditions Necessary for Ore. TAPE #212 21 Hauling Ore. 28 . ... 29 30 32 38 39 47 50 56 57 64Table of Contents. . . . .Mining in Colorado. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65 Problems at Elk Ridge. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67 Drilling 69 Fear of Radiation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72
 
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTER VIEW WITH W . E . HAGGARD J R . A T H I S HOME IN BLANDING, UTAH ON SUNDAY, AUGUST 2, 1971. HE IS BEING INTERVIEWED BY DOROTHY ERICK.DE: Mr. Haggard, is that how you pronounce your name?WH: Yes.DE: I'd like to have you tell us something about yourself,who you are and why you're here in Blanding and perhapshow old you are.WH: Well, my name is W.E. Haggard, Jr., I was born and raisedin American Fork, Utah. I'm 34 years old, I've been in this country between Monticello and Blanding since 1951. Not necessarily in the uranium industry. I came here first working in an automotive store in Monticello. I worked in there for four or five years and after that my brother purchased an ore truck and was hauling ore in this country from all the mines in the White Canyon and Monument Valley and well just all over the country at which time I started driving ore trucks and was familiar with all the mines and everything and the miners in the area.DE: Can you tell me, was your brother here before you were? WH: No, we come down here approximately at the same time. DE: Uh huh. And what was his name.WH: His name is Keith.DE: Are you still working together?WH: No, he's quit the trucking business several years backand he's working in Salt Lake now.
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.DE:WH:Now if we can go back to establish--you purchased an ore truck? And can you tell us now what mines and tell us about your experiences as you started out and you can go ahead and--Well, I really just--I just drove, I've never owned an ore truck myself. I've drove for my brother for years. I drove for a guy that 1ived here in Blanding; Scotty Wilson had five ore trucks running out of here at which time we hauled out of the Sandy mine out on Deer Flat in Monticello.Did you haul to the AEC mill?Right, at that time was run by National Lead Company, I believe. Under a contract with AEC.Oh huh. Did you deal directly with the mines owners?No, I just drove these trucks for different individuals and they would contact the mine owners for the jobs and whatnot.You mentioned you first of all hauled ore from the Sandy.Were you driving--for whom were you working there?I was working for Scotty Wilson. He owned the trucks and I don't remember the name of the outfit that run thatDE: WH:DE: WH:DE:WH:mine now, it's been so long ago.DE: This is when you first started out.WH: Yeah. And I was in this country during the uranium, the actual boom but I never had much dealing other than with2
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.the trucking end of it mostly.DE: Uh huh.WH:DE:WH:And it wasn't until seven years ago that I got into this drilling and exploration end of the game.All right. Before we talk about that part, '63 on, perhaps you could fill us in on more that you've hauled ore for and any of your experiences in this line, etc. Oh, I've hauled, I suppose the most out of the way place was the Whirlwind mine which is down, I think they callit, it's across the river from the Paiute Farm down in the reservation. We used to have to go down through Oljeto and from Oljeto out to the mine was only 17 or 18 miles. It used to take us two or three hours to get out to--Can you tell us why?Oh, it was a terrible road, sand dunes, we spent sometimes hours stuck in sand dunes and what not. And after we got there we had a truck and put and we'd leave the put, the trailer that we pulled, at the bottom of the hill and we'd take the truck up and load one load andbring it down to the bottom of the hill and dump it in the put and then go back up the hill and load the truck and them come back and hook onto the put and then come to town.DE: WH:DE: Can you explain why this was important? 3
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.WH: The road going up the hill is absolutely impossible toget up with any, pulling anything. We could just barely get up there with the truck by itself and we used to have to get back down, I'd say it was almost half a mile down under to a bin that was on a cliff side we'd have to back down in there to load the truck and then we'd come up forward and it would be impossible to back the trailer down there if you could have got up the hill with it. We couldn't anyway so--DE: Who had made this road?WH: I think Calvin Black if I'm not mistaken originally madethe discovery there when it was Mason Mining and DrillingCompany and they mined there for several years.DE: And it was the same type of road that they usedoriginally?WH: Yeah, they never changed the road. I don't know whetherit's changed yet or not. I haven't been out there foryears.DE: And this was on the reservation, was there any problemdown there?WH: Not so far as our end of it was concerned, I don't knowof any, we never had any problems of any nature otherthan sand dunes, getting stuck and whatnot.DE: Did you have to get any special permission yourselves?WH: No, not the trucks. The miners, I suppose, did on the4
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.claims and whatnot.DE:WH: DE: WH:And where did you take the ore that you took out of the Whirlwind?We hauled it into Mexican Hat.Did you usually work for just one mine at that one time? No, at that time we were I suppose hauling for four orfive different mines in the area. We hauled ---?--- minerals out of Fry Canyon into Mexican Hat. We hauled for I can't remember the name of the outfit. Warren Barnson was mining down by the Happy Jacks and we hauled that into Mexican Hat. We also hauled ore from a mine at the head of Red Canyon into the---?--- minerals, pilotmill. Where they'd--Is this the, could you tell me about that now. I mean-- They had quite a deposit of low grade ore in two or three different mines that they were operating and they'd haul this, I believe anything below twelve or thirteen hundreds of a percent of uranium they would run through this what they would call the pilot mill and I think when they got through with it they would come up with something like a sixty percent product which I think theyshipped that directly to Grand Junction to the AEC and later we hauled slangs and tailings, they called them slangs, the tailings we later hauled to Mexican Hat which I think they run four or five hundreds and I think weDE: WR:5
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.hauled thirteen thousand tons to Mexican Hat.DE: Was there any difference in your loading tailings than there was the ore?WH: Yes, we loaded, the stuff was considerably light. It was easily accessible. It was right down the flats and we didn't have any problems.DE: Were your charges or fees different for different types of hauling?WH: Yes, we mostly got paid by the trip. We could vary from one loading to another. We'd base these prices more or less on the amount of hours that it would normally take and any trouble that we'd have, why it was just our tough luck and different charges varied from how far we had to go. We spent four years driving for Ellis Gree Incorporated out of Grand Junction, Colorado, which we hauled from the Standard Uranium Mine down in Lisbon County to Mexican Hat. And then we also hauled from the Dermal Shaft up by Dove Creek into Rifle, Colorado, whichwas the longest haul that I've been on, it was 525 miles. DE: Did you---?--- back?WH: Uh huh, on all uranium hauling we---?--- back.DE: Who set these fees for your haul?WH: Oh, ---?--- when they first started hauling it was the government paid six cents a ton mile to the mine owners to have their ore hauled at which time most of the6
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.truckers were getting eight cents or thereabouts, some more some less, and it got to be highly competitive. They got to be more truckers than there was ore to be hauled and the price got down to six cents and less and less until now why it's even less than they're hauling. Course we got better roads too now. I think they're haulingDE:WH: DE:WH: DE: WH:DE:WH: DE:those loads at three and a half cents now.But when the mine owners were paid six cents a ton mile, did I say that correctly?Uh huh.You were paid eight cents and the two cents over that had to come--It come out of the miners.Their pockets?Right. Now it all comes out of their pocket the government quit paying that fee as far as the freight I think a year ago so it all comes out of the miners' pockets.Now if we can go back just a little bit where you said you had hauled from Red Canyon; do you know where youhauled from that after that? You mentioned the---?--- minerals.Cog minerals.Cog minerals, that's it. And---?--- near the Happy Jack?WH: Right.7
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.DE: And then did you take something out of Red Canyon besidesgoing to the mill there?WH: Yea, I've hauled from the Blue Desert into Monticello. Ican't remember what other little mines was in Red Canyon, that we hauled from, we hauled into Monticello. This was all prior to the Mexican Hat mill. After they built the Mexican Hat mill why just about everything out of that country went into that mill.DE: Uh huh. The ore then was able to be taken care of at Mexican Hat? I was going to ask you then about your Fry Canyon dealings. What was down there at that time?Oh, at the time that I was down there, there was probably more people there than there was in Blanding. At this time Wells Cargo, I believe it was Wells Cargo has been at that stripping job at Happy Jack which they employed probably fifty guys and they had their families downáthere and there was just all kinds of mining activity going on just everyplace, people going and coming. I wouldn't venture a guess as to exactly how many people there were residents down there at that time but there was a bunch.DE: Can you tell something about the city itself, was it actually like a city?WH: No, the only thing that was there was a general kind of store and most everybody lived there in trailer camps. IWH:8
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.think there was one, t wo, tree , four different trailer camps, fairly good sized ones and then at every mine there was probably a tent of some kind and this was just kind of a meeting place for everybody to buy their supplies and gas and whatnot.DE: WH:DE: WH: DE: WH: DE:WH:DE:WH:Did they have like a company store?It was a private owned Mercantile ---?--- sold just about everything you'd want.What about their prices, were they reasonable?They were high. They probably had 1970 prices then.And this is in what year?This was '56, '57.Do you remember when it started? Had they, were they there before you hauled ore out of there?Yes, they'd been down there for, I guess prior to the uranium boom to my knowledge. I had never been down thereprobably until '53. And at that time the store was there. Between 1952 and 1956 was there quite an increase in the amount of people coming in there?Oh, yes, there's all the major uranium discoveries weremade between these times. I guess, maybe I shouldn't say major discoveries either but a whole bunch of discoveries were made during this time.DE: Well, this was the time when they were giving the bonus by the government for new claims staked.9
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.WH:Right. They'd make more staking mines; I don't remember how many times---?--- had to mine but if they could mine this during that bonus period why I guess it was worth more to them for the bonus than the actual price of the uranium.How much ore do you approximate that you hauled out of there yourself?Golly, I wouldn't venture to guess.I mean, was it daily steadily for a certain length of time?Yes, for several years we, just in that particular area there, ah, I just don't remember all this time that we was hauling out of Monument Valley and everything, and then we'd haul there and the next day, the next three or four days we'd spend hauling out of Fry Canyon in this area and we were just kind of skipping around all of the countryside. I couldn't even guess.Well, what I was wondering, did they stockpile so that you could just come in and load or did they load directly into your truck?Ah, different mines have different ways of doing it. At the Sunrise there by the Happy Jack they mined, there was three guys worked there and they mined approximatelythree hundred and fifty ton a month and it was our responsibility to see that it was in the mill and theyDE:WH: DE:WH:DE:WH:10
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.only mined about sixteen days a month and then they were off the rest of the time and we'd just go get their ore before the end of the month. Every month we loaded it out of the stockpile. Other places they used bins and they'd have to have a truck at a certain time to keep the bin empty so they could keep dumping ore in it. I've been to places where I've had to wait for them to mine me a load of ore. They ordered trucks when they didn't have the ore to ship. They all had more or less different ways of doing it.DE: WH: DE: WH:Did you get paid waiting time in such a case?No, we still got paid for the trip, that's all.How did you set up your time schedule?Oh, just worked as long as you could. Most of the time I spent hauling to Mexican Hat I lived in Mexican Hat. And there was times that when I was hauling real steady there's times I stayed in Mexican Hat for thirty days without ever going home, we hauled every day.Did you have a telephone set up where you got these ordered?No, we generally, we just knew where we had to go and howmuch rock we had to move, we had a phone there at Mexican Hat and if the boss wanted to get a hold of us he could call down there. Normally we knew, we were set up where we pretty well knew what to do and all we had to do wasDE:WH:11
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. get it done.DE: You and your brother were both driving for this, at this time for this Scotty.WH: Oh, my brother when he sold out his truck why he didn't drive much anymore. He was in it for himself and I drove for Scotty Wilson I think for three or four years and then Ellis---?--- for three or four years prior to the time I went into the drilling business.DE: Now, did you ever--your longest trip was over to--WH: Was from Dermal shaft over by Dove Creek to Rifle,Colorado.DE: I understand the Dermal is part of Union Carbide.WH: Right. At that time Elly Skooly(?) hauled all the UnionCarbide ore.DE: Of all the mills, did you go to Uravan?WH: Oh, I've hauled ore into every mill there is in the fourcorners area. I've been in just about every mine in the direct four corners area. I haven't hauled from the Uravan ore belt area but I've hauled from just about every place down here.DE: Now they've done away with the one in Monticello.WH: Right they don't receive any ore there anymore since-- DE: What did it mean to you when they took the one out of RedCanyon for the upgrading?WH: Ah, Cog Minerals had quite an operation which at that12
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.time they shut the whole thing down and things were slow there for oh, just---?--- we used to go from there to another mine. It seemed like jobs were plentiful then. Ah, ---?--- guys were dependable, you know truckers. Scotty had a good reputation at that time for being dependable, he was always busy.Were you ever acquainted with the mill in the Cottonwood area?No, that was way before my time. I seen the remains of itDE:WH:DE: WH: DE:WH:is all and I heard a lot about it and that's all.You just heard about it?Yeah.I have heard about, how would I put it, some loads being switched at the plant or at the mills put under different names, have you ever heard anything like this?No, ah, I've heard of them shipping ore out of one claim and calling it something else, but I would never had any idea if they done it or not because at that time why, the miner would tell us what the ore was and we had no other reason to think it was any other way and we just neverwould have known any difference, that's all.In other words the hauler then had no connection at allDE:with the load itself.WH: No, other than that we loaded it. At one time when VCAwas shipping all that high grade ore out of Monument 13
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.Valley and it was shipped through here I heard that---?-DE:highgrade ore off of the trucks which was very valuable, the ore I guess was running about thirty to forty percent. Two barrels full of it---?--- rock would make quite a few tons of good uranium. This was also before my time that all this happened. Most of the ore that we handled, three or four truckloads of it---?---hardly anything.So as far as you're concerned, you've never actually seen any the--WH: No, I haven't. I've never even switched any ore to my knowledge. Like I say I wouldn't have known the difference. The miner would give us a ticket to go in the mill here which would have the name of the trucker and the name of the shipper and the claim and this is all the knowledge we had of the load, what is was consisted of.DE: Would you verify it when you would get the ore and the ticket, could you verify where it came from?WH:No, I wouldn't have the slightest idea. I mean other than the mines that we just regularly hauled from like the Sunrise ore I definitely know that was the Sunrise and we never even filled out tickets on it. All we done was got our steel ticket at mill on which they'd put the information which the driver would give them on it and this happened all the time. You haul from one certain14
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.place why there's--they seem to dispense with all this formality and you just go about hauling the ore and that's all. And there are never any questions asked at all.DE: Were the personnel in these windows in the places and the mines where you hauled back and forth, were they generally stable, I mean you knew these people quite well?WH: Oh yeah, they were I think the same three skillmen worked at Mexican Hat for probably all the time the mill was there, in operation the same guys were there at the skills all the time. I think most all of these swapping of the ore things and, all happened during this original major boom for the purpose of this bonus deal, I think the biggest part of my hauling was done after that bonuswas taken off. There really wasn't any advantage. During the time of that bonus there may have been advantage, well, there would have definitely been an advantage to be shipped off the different properties to collect a bonus. There's no doubt there was a lot of that done, I don't really know.DE: Now when you take a load into the mill do they sample it while you're still having it on the truck?WH: We would take a, depending on the mill and Mexican Hat they sent a guy out to take a sample right after we15
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.dumped the ore strictly for the purpose of the moisture content so that they got paid by dry tons and they take the sample as soon as we dumped and weigh it and then dryDE: WH:it and then weight it again you get the moisture content, it had nothing to do with the uranium content.Did they have ovens or something to dry it?Uh huh, they do it right there in the skill house. They were set up so that, ah, he could do it while he was dumping and everything in just a short time. He'd weigh a certain amount of it and put it into a kind of a cake pan, slip it into the oven and then pull it back out and in a matter of maybe two, three or four minutes and weigh it again and just have the difference in the weights.DE: Is there any particular place where he would take your sample?WH: No, he's just walk around the pile, had a gallon bucket and he'd fill it about half full. Mostly finds they didn't, they had a little crusher in there too that they'd also run this through. They wouldn't put---?--- too big of ricks, you know, just anything that would go in that crusher why they'd put it in there. At the MoabMill the driver takes the sample he'll take the bucket with him out to his truck when he goes to dump and he'll pick up a sample and bring it back to the skill house.DE: They had you rely on the driver then as to where he would 16
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.take the sample.WH:Yeah, a moisture sample. The driver and I just bail out and got a half a bucket full of rocks---?--- which is a fair sample I guess as if you walked all the way around the top and I never did hunt for any dry stuff because I never figured it made that much of a difference.W ell, you were paid for the hauling, how when you' re talking about getting moisture, ah, paying by the dry ton to whom is--This is just in reference to the mills paying and the miners. We got paid for whatever we hauled, wet tons. The, ah, whatever the scales with why the trucker got. Would you like to name off these mills that you have hauled to?Oh, VCA mills, Uravan, Durango, Shiprock, I'll take that back, the Uravan m ills--Uh huh.I hauled there, I hauled to Union Carbide mills in Uravan and Rifle and Green River when that was in operation and then I hauled to the AEC's mill in the Maucell(?) and Ihauled a little bit, I failed to mention that, there was a government pilot what they called pilot, receiving plant in Fry Canyon. I hauled a little bit of ore in there, I can't remember how many years it was in operation. But at this time I spent most the time haulingDE:WH:DE:WH:DE: WH:17
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.to Maucell(?) they received in that Fry Canyon government, it was a government operation, they just received and crushed over there stock pile and in 1959 or'60 I think they hauled it all out to Mexican Hat.DE: Was there any talk or any reason why they did away withthis?WH: I don't know. At the time the government had this---?---and I just wanted to get this ore in hand and there wasn't a mill in Mexican Hat at this time and they were having to haul this ore from that country into Monticello was quite a project in itself. And they have so many producing mines, producing such high volume that they had a mill and sample and pay for that; that's the reason they set this up I'm sure. Then after things quieted down why they went ahead and hauled it to the Mexican Hat M ill.DE: Which road did you have to take When you came out of there?WH: In Monticello we came over 95 on the Comb Wash and went that way. In Mexican Hat why we turned and went down the Meche Dove Race into Mexican Hat.DE: I understand that they're doing it just a little differently today.WH: Yea, today they're running on mostly oil, I think from the Happy Jack haul there I think they got over thirteen18
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.miles of dirt road and the rest of it they're running on oil through Haskell, Greek River. Makes it quite a bit more miles but you can run more miles on them kind ofDE: WH:DE: WH:roads than you can on the kind that you've got still out here in this area.Make better time?Uh huh. They pull that route now I think in nine hours and I can remember when it used to take fourteen hours to go out the other way.What did your family think about these working hours? Oh, at that time my wife was pretty well used to them, I guess. She got used to them. I spent, oh, a total of eight or nine years in these trucks, of course I was young and didn't know any better. Having a lot of fun really, I enjoy driving.Were the mills open 24 hours a day?Most mills weren't. I think Durango was open 24 hours and ---?--- was open 24 hours. But the biggest share of them weren't.So if you got there when they weren't open you just had to line up?DE: WH:DE:WH: We'd pretty well plan our trips where we'd always be there. The biggest problem I ever had waiting was when we was hauling this Dermol ore to Rifle. The ore would freeze in the boxes during the meantime and the ore was19
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.awful wet and it would freeze into a, well it would come out in one solid crunch. We'd have to take the tailgates out and then we'd heat the boxes and it would just fall out in big chunks and then the driver was responsible to grizzly his own ore. They had I think it was a twelve by twelve grizzly that we dumped on, you know, just bars you know, and you'd dump it on and it would have to be so big to go down, so small. If there was anything too big we'd have to break it up, and this big frozen chunks we'd have to pound on them for hours plus waiting for hours to get to dump because somebody else was pounding on the frozen stuff.DE: What did they use to pound with?WH: Oh, that frozen stuff, why we'd just use a pick on it andput a pick in it and just pick it apart and once you got through the worst of it why it would fall apart pretty easy.DE: Now, this just went along with the hauling of the load? WH: Right, we did, we got some compensation for that after it got so rough why anything over two hours unloading timewhy we'd get paid for.DE: Did you ever have to join the truckers union or anything?WH: No, there was, there wasn't any unions ever started around this part of the country which is a good thing or we would, wouldn't have been any use to working, at least20
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.with the truckers end of it they were getting, this time the prices were getting down to where it was it was nipand tuck for the truck owners. And oh, none of us evercomplained really.DE: Before we get into what you' re doing today I t houghtperhaps you could relate some experiences that wereunusual?WH: Oh, there's a bunch of them, I don't know, probably themost scary one was when we was hauling for standard uranium into Mexican Hat they had a, oh probably a two thousand ton bin and they used electric locomotives to pull the ore out of the mine pit and they'd come out with the cars full of ore in front of the locomotive and there was a tilt that they'd run up on and dumped the cars and as they come they'd just keep dumping. And we were, there was myself and about three or four other truckers had a big flat rock stuck over the bin door and I really wasn't in favor of it or involved in it too much anyway other than being there and one trucker decided he'd get in there and get this rock out so he did. He went out and crawled through the grizzly and down into the bin and about the time he got the rock situated and decided he'd better get out of there why the train come and we were all, it was quite a hike from where we was around a road and up a trail before we could get on top and none of us21
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.ever thought to go up there in case the train come, we never even thought about it. Anyway the train come and the driver was in the bin and the train dumped and wejust knew he'd been covered up in there and when we got in there and found him why he'd huddled up in the corner of that thing and never got touched by a rock. It scared us awful bad though.DE: Well, did the trains usually run on schedule?WH: No, they just come in and out of there, oh odd times, just whenever they had the ore to come up why they'dstart hauling ore and once they started they would come real often maybe seven or eight different locomotives would come out and dump and then they would be four or five hours before any others come out.DE: Was this a regular cog wheel or was this a standard sized train?WH: It was just a small locomotive, I think they pulled, ah, it was battery operated and they pulled nine or ten two ton cars.DE: And these cars would be hooked together and they would just---?---WH:Yea, they'd go over---?--- a little wheel on the side of them and when they'd come down the track and they'd get to this thing, they could move this back and forth and they'd move it back and put a pin in it and this car22
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.would come up and roller---?--- wheel and hit that ramp and just run up the ramp and dump and then back down. The operator of the locomotive never would get off the unitfor any reason. I mean he just didn't have to. And this guy dumped and he was halfway back in the mine before we got up on top of the bins up there to stop him why he was already headed back into the mines.DE: You say headed back in, he had a circular track and he-- WH: No, he'd come out, you would say backwards and four cars were in front of the operator and he was coming out and when---?--- back in he'd just put it in whichever way you'd want to say was forward and reverse, the locomotive would go in first and then coming back out why the carswould come out first, they never changed directions.DE: I see. Now your Mexican Hat ---?--- and your ---?---uranium was a very large operation.WH: Yes, that was Elly Skooly(?) had seven trucks, four on atrip in a half a day, five days a week and then they was seven independent truckers. By this I mean just individuals have one or two trucks that would haul from this place for years when the production exceeded what they could haul why they got ---?--- he was a bigtrucking outfit.DE: These other men were individuals, or independent brokers?WH: Just truckers, maybe an individual would own a ford truck 23
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.and he'd drive it himself and when the uranium first hit down there why a lot of these guys just bought them a truck and this is what they made a living at. They'd just haul for standard for so long that when standard got big why they just kept all these little guys and they were independents and they couldn't get big enough to haul it all themselves so but standard did keep them on hauling so--DE: Could you comment on any other unusual experiences or-- WH: Oh, the roads in and out of these places were, takes a long time to get used to them. You put 30, 35 ton of ore on a truck the truck itself weights 33,000 pounds and put30, 35 ton of ore on it and then run over roads, well, you've probably seen them out here in this area, some of the mine roads. Really at that time, maybe it was stupid but I never did worry, you know, too much; I never thought much about it. Like the road in and out of Sandy I don't know whether you're familiar with it or not but I think it was by far the scariest. It was I don't know what percent grade it was coming down out of there but it was steep, it was like standing on your nose in that truck and you depended on the gears and your brakes to hold you back, more so your gears than your brakes. And we've had muddy conditions where we've come off of it inthe mud, wasn't too smart but we done it. 24
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.DE: Well, that was one of the questions I was going to askyou. Now did you do most of your hauling during thesummer or the winter or didn't it make any difference? WH: It didn't make any difference, in some areas it was absolutely impossible to get to in the winter although I have hauled off of Elk Ridge in the wintertime, they had a cat there and kept the snowdrifts away and the catswould go in with us in the morning and make sure we all got back out at night and nine times out of ten we'd have a---?--- three or four different times in the process. This was the last part of the bonus thing that I ever had anything to do with was hauling off of Elk Ridge; it was in the wintertime. They had to have this ore moved in order to collect the bonus and so they made an all out effort and it cost them a lot of money to move it but they got it moved.DE: Did you get any extra for that?WH: No, we still just got paid for the trip.DE: Many places, ah, highways now, I've seen them out here,if the brakes go off or the gears go out of the truckthey have what is it? WH: A runaway lane.DE: Upper grade, do they have any of that on these roads? WH: They have one in Mexican Hat now, ah, they didn't used to have. They lost two trucks, a truckload of ore out of25
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.Grand Canyon area.---?--- trucker went off down through there and he didn't--this was his first trip back and he come down that hill west of Mexican Hat and lost his brakes and he didn't know where he was going, had he known what he was in for he would have turned off anyplace but after he got headed down there across the San Juan river there was just no place to go and he hit that wall down there after hitting into a pickup load of Indians. And they killed the driver and three Indians and then I think it was just three years ago while Texas Inc. was running that acid plant there at Mexican Hat that a truckload of molten sulphur done the same thing and run into that wall so they finally put all them signs, they wasn't even very many signs up there. Now there's a great check turnout where you can turn out and make sure your breaks work and adjust them if you want to and then at the bottom of the hill they put that runaway lane but this was all done after everything had already happened. Same with this hill between Monticello and Blanding. Very few ore truckers have ever had any trouble on it but when they had that oil drilling here and they was trucking that oil over that road, why they---?--- two differentoil tankers that went off. So now they've moved them signs back up, that there's seven miles of downgrade andwhatnot.26
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.DE:WH: DE: WH: DE:WH:Well, you talked about this man Gibbons and when they hit the Indians do you recall when that took place?In '62 or '63 as I recall. Probably '63.In the early sixties then?Uh huh.So they just, within this last decade then they have really done something about the posting the roads then as far as conditions?Yes, they have in this area definitely. Nowadays it's not as critically as they've come out with what they call a Jacobs engine brake that are on most all diesel trucks that if we would have had them backing them days maybe we wouldn't had too much to worry about, every trucks got one on now. It turns your engine into as much braking power as it would normally have pulling power and it's really quite a thing, it saves the brakes and they can go places now, thirty miles an hour down the hill and never touch their brakes, where we hit our brakes hard in first gear.Is this a required feature now or is this--DE:WH: No, it's not required, it's just---?--- it'll pay foritself in a little while on the savings of brakes and everything and time, so every truck has got one on it. I wouldn't be surprised if it was eventually required by the ICC but it isn't now.27
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.DE: Did you come under ICC?WH: Only when we was hauling across the state line when Ihauled into---?--- Uravan into Mexico and anytime we picked up a load dumped it in the same state why we weren't under ICC jurisdiction and this helped us because we didn't have to log or anything, as drivers it helped us anyway.DE: How was the reciprocity between these states as far as hauling ore?WH: Oh, for the most part we never had any trouble. I can't think of any problems that, as a driver, that I had at all.DE: Did you have to buy special licenses for all these states?WH:Yeah, they had the license for every state they run in. A lot of them run illegal and they'd just sneak in and out of one state into another being we're just close in area, you know. Like we could dump in Shiprock and if we went out through reservation here why you could, you were never on a road that patrolman would be patrolling or anything and there was no problem. Elly Skooly(?) was, had authority in all four states, five states, he had authority in ---?---also and he was legal operating in any one of these states, when we were in Utah he had a Utah based truck, I would just have Utah license plates28
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.and then if I operated i n Colorado why I ' d operate under a special permit. Or if he'd sent a Colorado truck over in Utah they'd operate under a special permit, they wouldn't have to license every truck they operated. They did pay taxes.DE: Did they set up any special taxes for this purpose?WH: I don't think for this purpose, as far as the uranium end of it was concerned they had one tax after another tax on these truckers. It was all of them irregardless of whatthey hauled, there was tax.DE: There was nothing specifically set aside because of theuranium hauling?WH: Not to my knowledge.DE: Were flash floods any trouble to you?WH: Oh, I'd like to have a dollar an hour or less for everyhour I've waited for one but I've never been hung-up right in the water, we always used to stay out of the water. I've waited--in cold wash was probably the one that I spent the most time at both ends when we were hauling across 95 going out to the Fry Canyon area. I stayed on both sides of it. At one time or another---?-- - get across and also on highway 47 before they rebuilt that road, I've waited down there for hours and hours. They present a problem time-wise. We lost a lot of timeon foot.29
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.DE: Where did they rebuilt ---?--- particularly thathelped?WH: They've made tremendous improvements on all these roadsaround here. Like 47 from Butler Wash but it seems funny I've always been running too late. I've never had a load of truck over many of these new roads. They oiled the road from Mexican Hat up to almost to the highway 95 junction. As far as ore trucks are concerned, as many times as ore got hauled over I've never driven that oiled road with a truck. The same way they rebuilt the road from Bluff clear into Mexican Hat and they've made a real nice road out of it now. It would be a pleasure to drive over it and I've never had a loaded truck over it either, ore truck that is. At the time we hauled down there Butler Wash still had that one-way wooden bridge in the bottom and just that narrow skinny road all the way from South town here to Mexican Hat. It was what I termed a treacherous road because it was narrow and winding all the way down. We had very few accidents---?--- I don't recall one of these ore trucks ever having any fatal accidents; no fatality all the time we hauled down there across that road. And it's a miracle too because during-- this is during the time that the tourists were just starting to realize that Monument Valley was there and a few other things and they would put up with certain30
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.stretches of dirt road ---?--- you know and we were getting quite a bit more traffic down there and of course there's tremendous more now than there was then.Well then you were really hauling ore from about 1950, did you say 1950?Let's see--One or two?I think 1952.Until 1963?Yeah.Then you got to know quite a few haulers and quite a few prospectors and miners, is that right?Right, I've been at one time or another just about every mine in this area. Met a lot of people, a lot of truckers.Do you feel that it was rather a congenial group?Oh yes, I met a lot of people that I really like and am still good friends with a lot of them, that I met during this time. Most of them are still around this country and a lot of them still connected with mining of uranium in one way or another.DE: You mentioned about the competition and it became competitive, ah, work and you still were able to maintain your--WH: Yeah, at this time was when you might say, outfits like 31DE:WH:DE: WH: DE: WH: DE:WH:DE: WH:
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.the L.A. School Incorporated and Cranes and people that had the permits that were actually legal--law was starting to crack down because one guy had had a permit to haul certain ores and somebody else illegal got in ?--- they'd go right to the state whereas during the original---?--- this never happened because nine times out of ten they couldn't haul it all away so when it did get too bad, when work slacked up why then it was all kept pretty legal. The Public Utilities Commissioner would come down and make sure that you were running legal p e r m i t - w i s e a n d o n e t h i n g a n d a n o t h e r . A nd t h i s competition went on, of course the equipment got better too. They could haul, the trucks that used to weigh 32 and 33,000 when they were empty, the last one I drove for Skooly when it was cleaned up only weighed 24,500. That was, we could haul that much more payload and still do bigger weights and everything so difference in the prices and everything I guess compensated by the new machinery that was coming out all the time.DE: Now as far as permits to haul ore, was it according to your equipment or according to what you contracted for or how was it determined?WH: The permit you say? DE: The permit, yes.WH: It was, you applied to the state (tape interrupted) 32
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.commission or the ICC. If you crossed the state line you came under the jurisdict i on of ICC you had to apply for these permits to haul this ore and they sort of compare, and any trucker that held one of these permits, could haul it then they would fight your permit, I mean t hey ' d have a court hearing and give reason why you shoul dn' t have a permit and this that and the other and they wereawful hard to get. I think they're impossible now unless you bought one from another individual that had one and went out of business.DE: Well, then they only issued a certain number of permits for each type of ore?WH: Right. Well ore in general which I think is considered aggregate and includes sand, gravel and things of this nature. I may be mistaken but I think there's only about seven or eight of them, maybe nine in the area that are good for this area. Certain permits read different. Like you might have a permit that you can pick up and dump anyplace in San Juan County or I think Skooly probably got one of the best permits there is in the area and this was ICC in Utah, Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona andWyoming ---?--- and he can pick and deliver innerstate or intrastate or he can pick up in Utah and dump it on the railroad which it will go out of the state and he got a real good permit. I think C.B. Johnson's permit is almost33
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. the same too.DE: Well then is it true that a smaller hauler really doesn't stand a chance?WH: Pretty well true. If you were going into the business today you wouldn't stand a ghost of a chance my way of thinking because, not only because of the, there's just not much activity now but unless you owned this permit you're running illegal although this still happens. Nobody cares now, you know, I mean it's pretty well quieted down, if you've got a haul you want to haul, why, there are very few of these bigger outfits that would bother you.DE: Well who sets up the number of permits that can be issued?WH:Ah, there isn't any set number on it but if I applied for a permit today, ah, I'll bet I'd have, there'd be nine attorneys from all these other trucking companies would show up there to contest my permit because they had equipment sitting around that isn't working and they've already---?---. Funny that all businesses aren't this way. I don't know why they should control this when they don't control drug stores or grocery stores but they do, so I couldn't get a permit today, I know it would just beimpossible.DE: Do you think there's much under-the-table activity for34
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.getting these permits?WH: I don't really know how there could be because this has become, ah, if I had the permit and I could stop any competition by paying my attorney five or six hundred dollars to show up at the hearing why I'm bound to do it. Unless he paid my attorney for something I'm sure that during the time there could have been a lot of this goingon.DE: In other words when--to be able to get anymore permitsissued there has to be a need shown for more equipment,in use I mean.WH: Right, you'd have to show where your services are needed.Rather than just desired by some individual, you know. I mean if I, if Skooly's got equipment sitting there that he could put on his job then he could show cause why you shouldn't have a permit to haul ore. But they get around this by these leases. They're all fully legal unless they're done right but when the Public Utilities Commission cracked down here before why all these truckers just leased to the mine that they were hauling from and this pretty well quieted it down but under this type of agreement why the miner is responsible for everything that truck does. He has to pay the insurance, he has to pay the drivers and it gets into quite a bit of bookkeeping and whatnot for them, so they never did do35
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.that legal so---?--- still actually running legal so it didn't really matter.DE: So in other words the government is limiting the competition?WH: In the trucking industry that's just like on these big freight outfits they have to have a permit to haul dry freight. If I took my pick-up to Salt Lake and hauled some freight for you or anybody else and charged them for it why they'd throw me in jail. See, this is illegal and it's the same way with the ore.DE: WH:DE:WH:Because you're not licensed to do that hauling.I'm not licensed to have permits, ICC permits and whatnot to do this.Do you have any place to air your grievances here or is this all handled in Salt Lake City?This is all handled at the state capitol as far as the trucking end of it goes. I remember in one instance when Skooly lost his standard uranium haul. It would come up for bid and he'd bid it below his posted tariff. I don'tunderstand all in all about this but when they bet these permits they post a tariff a minimum that they can haul for and Skooly never had changed his. His competition got greater and the equipment got better and they apparently could haul cheaper, either that or they made an awful lot of money before but anyway he did this job at a posted36
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.tariff and Westwood Inc. they were also permitted, had permits to haul ore and they had a higher bid. They contested it and got the haul from Skooly because he bid under his posted tariff. So he lost out on---?---. AndDE:WH:it actually cost Standard Uranium more money to haul. There was things like this. I don't really understand why the government gets involved in it, but they do.This has all evolved then since the boom time when they were just anxious to get a truck and get it hauled. Yeah, of course these permits, they been controlling them since I remember, but when this boom hit as far as the uranium industry went the hauling of the uranium was always done by private individuals just running around here just about, I can even remember here in Blanding when there was four or five 16 year old kids had ore trucks running around and they'd just make a living, that's all they'd do. My brother had one, one of hisfriends he had a couple and he finally got a permit himself and went into trucking pretty big.Then there was actually more at that time, the rugged individualism as we have been taught.Yeah, more.Free enterprise.Yeah, at that time why it would seem like the thing to do and everybody just went out and done it. I mean this is,DE:WH:DE:WH:37
 W.E. HAGGARD JR.course everybody was crying for trucks at that time too. There was ore trucks just running every whichway around here. You wouldn't believe how much activity was going on.DE: Well, then in 1963 you decided to stop hauling ore?WH: Yeah, at this time I was driving for Skooly and I was I had a good friend here from Blanding, George Teddy and hehad just bought an old rig from a guy in Monticello and we were good friends and we used to race a go-cart all the time together and he'd been talking to me about going into the drilling business with him for uranium exploration cause he'd never done much of it as far as uranium exploration before but he had done a lot of seismograph drilling at the small rotary rig and we got talking and the more we talked I got interested in it and I'd come around his rig once in a while. So finally we decided we'd go in together and this time we bought another rig and we had the two small old rigs at this time.DE: Were they special, special names?WH: Well we had a 1000 and a Western. The Western was theoldest---?---.DE: And where did you go from there then?WH: Oh, we just started contracting with different outfits around the area. We had one fairly good contract with38
 W.E .HAGGARD J R .Union Carbide; Union Carbide had a program going where if you owned a claim they would put up so much money to drill your claim. And if you hit ore why they---?--- all this money back out of yourincome from the ore. Which made a real good deal for the miners and the claim owners because they, do this exploration work and if you hit why you'd pay for it out of the proceeds of the ore and the estimate didn't cost you a dime.[END OF S I D E ONE]Then what would Union Carbide get out of it after youwere paid off? They were paid off?They would have a contract with the property owner that they'd get all the ore off the property. I mean you had to ship a--To---?---Uh huh. They needed ore and this is what got all these programs on, they were kind of hurting for ore. They had all their mills running at that time and their production mines had kind of slowed down and--Did they give any security about how long they would take your ore?No. Well I don't think so, I never read one of the contracts, I really couldn't say. I don't, I'm almost certain there wouldn't be no clause in that ore priceDE:WH:DE: WH:DE:WH:39
 W. E . HAGGARD J R .wise at that time. Probably just a year at a time orsomething.DE: Did you feel like you wanted to stake claims yourself? WH: Well, that's real funny. I never--I sat by and watchedall this activity go by and I don't own any claim, I own some interest that I got by drilling on some claims. I just never really went into staking any claims or getting involved. I never did figure I could be involved in that and do the drilling business too because there was always ---?--- go out and drill on his own property and percentages, the amount of hole, hole that has to be drilled to hit an ore body is tremendous. I mean this can happen but it don't generally, the odds are against it.DE: Did you get involved with your stock issues?WH: No. This thing had all pretty well leveled off to where this last little go around there was some times I was tempted, you know just recently last year. There was some of the properties and deals that were being put together that I followed with an interest but still I never got involved with it. It was a good thing, most ---?---interested in didn't do any good either.DE: Were they right around here in Blanding?WH: Uh huh. People I knew.DE: What about the one that the Shumway Brothers wereinterested in?40
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.hundred. But the general area---?--- in this area is around 200, 240, to 300 feet in that area. Right at present I'm drilling 300 foot holes up t here in ---?-- - pasture. And we drill these holes and with air generallyand take samples of the cuttings as it comes out of the hole, blown out by this air at one foot intervals. When we get down to where the Chinle formation should be and we set these on the ground and we radiometric probe each hole with, oh mostly small hand probe or use a geiger counter hooked to a, well you might say a big long wire on a reel and you just let it down the hole and that tells you if there's any radiation.approximately where the channels should be at what depth so we won't start taking samples even until we get within forty foot. We'll take one foot samples and then we let the probe in the hole why we let it down to that same zone. We make it a practice to probe every hole although you wouldn't have to because if you didn't hit the channel there's no, there's no chance of their being any uranium in it so, but we do probe every hole anyway. Then you'd record on every half foot intervals on the reading that you get on that geiger counter. And on wildcat holes you'd take off probably on seventy-five to one hundredNow you do this for every foot you go down?DE:WH: Ah no, wel1, we run this probe, we stop, we know44
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.is the only drill rig that's working on the area right at the present time. But there has been, last year they hit a small body of ore there and they done quite a bit of drilling. I drilled up there last year and theyill do a lot more too, but the market and everything's so unstable now that they're just not really too much activity going on.DE: Ah, I 'm wondering or not if I 'd 1ike to discuss your different areas you've been in. Before we do that perhaps you could describe how you go about drilling today.WH: Well, most of these, in known areas, well we'll say it's an unknown area. You know that you're in a general formations are there, if you're drilling for ---?--- formation, why, if you've got moss bags from the lower Chinle shelves you know that there's a chance of a shallow channel being down there so you take off drilling on---?--- we use rotary drill, we drill a four and a half inch holes, what they call a tri-cone rock bit. In most cases, some areas you can drill in a tungsten carbide inserted drag unit they call them. It's for softer formation. But as a rule we use these tri-cone rock bits and the drilling ranges anywhere from as shallow as thirty foot to top of the wingate is as highas they drilled in this area because the formation ends there with about 1,400 feet give or take a couple43
 W. E .DE: WH:DE: WH:HAGGARD J R .farther south or north from the Happy Jack---?--- save a lot of time, a lot of different areas down there, there was areas that was absolutely inaccessible before.This is because of the Lake Powell Project.Yeah, the bridge is new and all this, this has all been, has been put in on account of that.Well, tell me a little bit about your drilling operation. Well, I'm a, I do all my own work, I'm a small contractor. I just, the connections and the people thatI've got to know, a lot of them through trucking and one thing or another and a lot of them through when George Teddy and I was partners. Some of the clients, he kept their work and I got some of it and then I do a lot of work for just anybody that just happens to call. I've been as far north as Casper, Wyoming and in the Sunken Buttes area drilled up there for four months, five months. I've worked in Grants area for different people, Grants, New Mexico. And I've been in as far east on the western slope of Colorado as Kremmling. I drilled for Uranium up there for, ah, I drilled in Mayville, Colorado and---?--- New Mexico---?--- Toma. At the present I'm working on Elk Ridge---?---.There's quite a bit of activity up on Elk Ridge at the present time, isn't there?Well, there's ah, most that activity is tal k because thi sDE:WH:42
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.WH: I've not had anything to do with any of their propertysince '65 I guess. I haven't done any of their drilling,I never did follow that.DE: Now you said you were down for Union Carbide, where wereyou drilling for them?WH: Oh, we drilled just every major area that there is inthis county. We didn't do any deep drilling into the Morrison---?---. We didn't do any of that for them but we did do an awful lot of drilling on Elk Ridge and the Cottonwood area down here, north Cottonwood. Fry Canyon area, we drilled numerous, just all the different places down there. ---?--- had a bunch of claims on Elk ridge and down in Cheese Rocks and we drilled them. Just about everyplace down there.DE: Where was the Cheese Rocks?WH: It's right on highway 95 about a mile but it used to takeus, to get to it we'd have to get up on Elk Ridge and on top of Elk Ridge from Deer Flat you might say down to the Cheese Rocks used to take two and a half hours in a pick- up because of White canyon blocked highway 95 off and you couldn't get across there so you'd have to go to the top of Elk Ridge and off the other side and down to get to it. It was a long ways away.DE: They put some bridges across up there?WH: This, not in this area but the bridges now are down41
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.foot centers, apart you know and drill these holes as many as it took to get in to an area where you definitely found a channel. At this time you'd maybe come into a twenty foot center and drill---?--- geol ogi sts, I 'm not a school Joe, I just drill enough holes that I can t ell whether or not I hit a channel and approximately how deepit is and approximately which direction you could go to follow the channel out after drilling three or four holes you get this information.DE: That's what I was going to ask you. How'd you get your computation and by whom?WH: Well, this most all jobs have a geologist on I---?--- turned loose on a lot of jobs where this was actually part of my drilling job but this rarely happens because most people don't like to depend on somebody like myself to do that type of work because I'm not skilled in it and I don't claim to be a geologist but industrial uranium is, I've done a tremendous amount of drilling for them and they've got where they just send me out and go drilling and I have found them a little ore too so that always helps as far as, but usually a geologist will be there and he'll plot holes, how much actual sand there is in it and at what elevation---?--- bottomed out compared to another hole for instance that wasn't in the channel and then they compute from this after t hey 've drilled s o45
 W. E .HAGGARD J R .many holes that they can tell you how deep the channel is and approximately what direction and maybe just take off drilling staying on this channel, on say for instance?--- a drill rig that San Juan River was covered up with rock just try and drill the river. Every hole you drill you'll want to put it in the river, anytime you'd got off of it you'd get off---?--- red rock---?--- river and this is what---?--- amounts to as far as the channels. They were old river beds and if you pick up a mineralized hole, what we call a mineralized hole you record some point one hundredths uranium and maybe a couple of foot of it then you'd hold up here and maybe even offset it at fifteen foot. Maybe offset it several different ways try and take an indication of better ore going in one direction or another.DE: I have some questions to ask you about going---?--- drilling and so on but you mentioned wildcat drilling a few minutes ago and is there much of that being done, or has there been much of it?WH:Uh, yes, I refer to wildcat holing anytime that you're in an unknown area, you're wildcat, you can do this within five hundred foot of a known ore body or less. I mean you're not wildcat to the extent that you're clear out of formation or wildcat to the extent that you don't knowáthere's a channel of---?--- there. I refer to this as a 46
 W. E . HAGGARD J R . wildcat.DE: Uh huh. Now approximately how much is this per foot of drilling as far as cost is concerned?WH:Ah, the average I'd say here in this area on 300 foot or less is somewhere between a dollar and a dollar and a quarter a foot. And then it goes as high as, ah, on this 800 foot drilling that they do out here in Morrison formation as high as two sixty five a foot. Now this is just what we refer to as plug drilling where there's no coring.If you core it it's more?Yeah,if you core a hole, since they've got these newer and more dependable radiometric instruments they don't do ---?--- coring anymore. They can put these instruments in the hole and pretty well come up with the same information. They do some, coring runs about four dollars a foot. Well I should say between four to six dollars a foot, four dollars is the least that I've heard of.Is this because you have to take more out and--Ah, coring they use a twenty foot core barrel so if you was on a, say a six hundred foot hold you'd go in a hole with all this iron and they use a diamond core bit which is very expensive. You can get up to eight or nine hundred dollars for a core bit and you can ruin one in fifteen minutes if circumstances aren't just right so,DE: WH:DE: WH:47
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.but anyway you go in there and you cut this core and you know in a twenty foot barrel you'11 cut fifteen to eighteen feet of core then you've got to come back out of the hole with all this iron and take the core out and go back in again and core again so, this is a real slow process.DE: Time consuming?WH: Uh huh. Plus being extremely expensive. But now thatthey've got instruments, they, you can get density, they've got density logs and ah, oh, I forget what they call that other one now. Resistivity logs but they fill a hole full of water and they send an instrument down there which sends out, ah, I don't know, radiation or what it is but some kind of beam that it sends out into the formation and it'll go out and back depending on how far or, the resistance is how far it will go in there and back. It hits sandstone why it will go quite a ways and if it's in a clay it will just barely hit the sides of the wall and they can tell exactly what kind of formation that they're drilling in.DE: Then the technological advances have saved time?WH: Yeah, and money and everything else. They've got these, in the olden days when they used it, strictly used allthese hand probes and everything and a person, I could drill a hole out here in my backyard and probe it with a48
 W. E .HAGGARD J R .hand probe and I could come up with any kind of amount of ore that anybody would want and you can control this by the way you read it. They depended on people and a lot of things happened because some guys would read these counters maybe intentionally wrong. Maybe they didn't know they read them wrong or something back in them days and I guess there was a lot of money changed hands for that reason but anymore they have these Century---?--- has a lot, two or three in fact, they use these. If you want to promote a property and somebody wanted to invest money, they'd surely want to see the logs on the holes and these would be logs from a certified logging outfit and so they--Maybe it's cut down the speculation or something.Yeah, there's no, no chance somebody pulling the woolover your eyes about what's in the hole and what isn't in the hole.Now, do you have some more time to spend with me?Yeah.I smell your dinner and I don't want to-- No, we just had dinner.DE: WH:DE:WH:DE:WH:DE: Oh, okay.WH: I'd like to take time out to get a drink of water, I'm-- DE: Okay, why don't we stop and turn it over right now. The interview continues on the other side. Ah, I thought49
 W. E . HAGGARD J R .perhaps we could go back to the individual place that you have started to do some drilling. Ah, what about Casper, Wyoming?WH: Uh, I worked up there with---?--- Iron Company at the time I was there we were what they call validating uranium claims. This is a federal law, something that they don't do in this country. I don't know why but up there you have to have a mineral discovery on every claim or it's not a valid claim. So they would stake thousands of acres, I think these guys had 190,000 acres or some tremendous amount like that. They was blacked out in claims of 600 foot by 1500 foot and each one of them had to have a fifty foot hole drilled on it, as a validation or a mineral discovery. So we went up there and we'd drill these, pull up on these locations that were premarked, drill a fifty foot hole, and take ten foot samples and pile them by the hole. Ah, these holes weren't ever probed or anything,we'd cover them up right after we drilled them. Who was to say that every one of these holes would have a trace of same type of mineral in it, there was no doubt about it, we'd make it a validmineral discovery and a valid claim. And so we went about all these claims. I just can't remember how many claims was up there; we worked up there for four months, doing nothing just this work, drilling a hole on each claim50
 W. E . HAGGARD J R .just strictly validation.DE: Well, do they have an inspector then come around, or-- WH: No, we never seen anybody it was just, you could prove that you had this hole on the property, a mineral discovery and the claim, the way these claims were made out this mineral discovery would be at one end in thecenter and at one end of the---?--- so we'd pull up, we'd drill a fifty foot hole here, move another ten foot and drill another fifty foot hole so that put a hole on each one of these claims then it would be fifteen hundred foot both ways and 300 foot the other way that these claims would run. And we'd just go for miles and miles and miles doing this then we'd come down 1,200 foot, no, it would be 600 foot and do another row. Just like that.DE: Now the, ah, you would have to sign these ah--WH: Ah, I'd verify that I drilled the fifty foot hole and that it had a trace of mineral in it. Ah, there'd be a trace of mineral in every one of the holes, there's no doubt about that---?--- there was no way anybody could dispute you on it unless they did get into some hassles up there over claims where the ore strata was deeper than that, was eight or nine hundred foot deep. And I think it was Union Pacific and Western Nuclear that got into--they had rigs side by side drilling these 800 foot holes trying to make a valid mineral discovery. This area that51
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.we were in we could drill a minimum of fifty foot and it would be safe so far as a mineral discovery or of some kind. Maybe it wasn't uranium but it would be a mineralof some kind. Like benite I think is considered a mineraland that was all over the place.DE: Now, did these people really want to drill for theuranium up there?WH: Uh huh, they were, after we got all these claimsvalidated then they put on a big drilled 700,000 a year for two years after that. I didn't stay there. I dislike the country tremendously and I'd moved my family up to Casper and none of the kids liked it and my family we just didn't like it at all.DE: Was it the climate?WH:Oh yeah, the climate and then I'm used to the mountains or what I call mountains and hills and canyons like we have around here and everything and then the climate didn't foul me up the--I was working out at Hulett(?) it was sixty miles south of Hulett(?) or ninety miles north of Casper and until the time I moved my family up there why I was working out at Hulett(?), went up there April the 13th. We started drilling and at first of May it snowed five foot and blew it into twenty foot piles up there in that country and it was two and a half weeks before I could even see my rig, let alone get to it and52
 W.E .HAGGARD J R .then after this the snow melted pretty well why it started raining and we had---?--- rainy weather. There was never a week go by that I didn't lost two or three days on account of rain and as far as I was concerned whyit was doing that every year; they told me it didn't but I was so mad I just--then that and other things I just didn't like it up there.What year were you there?In '67.So it's comparatively recent that you did go up to Casper?Uh huh.And is this particularly flat country up there?Yes. This Sunken Buttes area where I was at, ah, they had two knolls, I call them knolls they were maybe seven, eight hundred foot high, stuck up out of these plains and that's all it was, just plains. There was a lot of real bad washes where the rain had washed pretty deep holes into this formation but other than that why it was just flat country. We'd take off on these lines which was ten, fifteen miles long and we'd run a rig right up through there and very seldom, oh you might have to go out ofDE: WH: DE:WH: DE: WH:your way to cross a wash here and there, that's all.DE: What formation are they finding uranium in up there? WH: Oh, this, I couldn't answer that question, I don't know,53
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.I just never, ah, it's different, it's a basin type formation. I just don't know what they call that area, it comes to mind that they called it the Browns Park Formation.But it's not like it is on the Colorado Plateau?No, it's not a channel type thing it's more of a lakeDE: WH:DE:WH: DE: WH:DE:WH:sediment type formation.Did you do any drilling for uranium yourself other than these validation holes?In Wyoming?In Wyoming, yes.Yeah, I drilling I think three or four seven hundred foot holes before I left there.Is this about the only way they'll find, as far as you were able to determine, ah, you'd have to go at least seven hundred feet to get the uranium?Well, in that area the original uranium discovered in that area was right on the surface, they mined it with a cat. In the Shirley Basin area the original ore there was 120 feet deep and now they've found that below that they have more ore and better ore than what they had before. I think it's about 500 and something, we're talking strictly of these basin type formations like they have inWyoming they just barely--here in the Colorado Plateau you have your ores in what they call a basil sand which54
 W. E .HAGGARD J R .has always got something type of a formation which marks how deep you want to drill. Like the Moencope isn't any use in drilling past Moencope or drilling salt wash sands; no use in drilling past the Summerville formations and you know this. They'll have a sand sediment that's maybe that's five hundred foot thick and it'll be split by twenty or thirty foot of clay and then another sand. And these clays wherever this sand sits on the clay therecould be ore there and in that country, generally is, oh not generally I can't say that but I mean the possibilities are there, so up there they've, places they originally have ore at 120 foot they went back a few years later and found out that it was went on down.DE: Well, is this an expensive operation to get the ore up there?WH: Ah, oh, for an example at the Shirely Basin there you're talking about construction and metromics or something but anyway they have open pit operations there they just, instead of drilling and having tunnels and stuff like this they just go in and open up oh, maybe five or six city blocks, just mining with cats and turn---?--- stuff like this. And that formation isn't solid it's justnothing but soft sand. It has some mine streaks in it,but it's mostly just a soft sand.DE: Now what do they do with what's left over? Do they have55
 W. E . HAGGARD J R .any byproducts working out of that?WH: Nothing but sand. There's no, these outfit, Utah Construction has a mill right there and they mill this ore and then I don't know, they just have tailings point just like these mills around here and that's all there is.DE: WH: DE: WH:DE: WH:Then you only stayed there about a year?Less than a year.Where'd you go from there?I came back to Blanding and was working out here. Which, I was real busy down here for quite awhile after that. In this general area or--?Yea, in this general area. I went to work for, immediately returning from Wyoming went to work for Industrial Uranium at La Salle or around La Salle area I should say. We drilled at La Salle Creek out through Steppes Hill, mostly salt wash drilling. Then when we finished that we went up to Elk Ridge for Industrial, Shinarump drilling, we blocked out a small ore body atRound Mountain at that time.While I'm here I'd like to ask you, now you mentioned you had salt wash through the Morrison Formation as well as the Shinarump. Is there any, according to you, do you like one better than the other?DE:WH: Yes, I'd lots rather drill, as far as preference to 56
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.drilling, I'd lots rather drill with Shinarump and relative formations to it.Uh huh.Ah, it's a lot easier drilling in most cases. There ' sDE: WH:DE:WH:some cases where it gets pretty tough but generally speaking why at the standpoint of a driller why I'd lots rather drill the Shinarump formation.And then after you, ah, of course you're right back now at Elk Ridge, you left and where'd you go from there at that time?Oh, I done, I think I drilled at Montezuma Creek, ah, there's a different type of kind of an oddball formation down there. It was the---?--- Basin but the ore wasn't in the salt wash sand it actually in the basin of the Dakota sand. You don't find this very often but it happens, it happened there, there's-- and we done a lot of drilling trying to find another one of these type of things in that particular area. They had one producing mine down there produced quite a bit of ore in fact.Do you remember the name of that one?Ah, it's on the end of my tongue but I don't remember it, Even and Odds is what they called it, it was owned by Melvin Dalton and Menlove of Salt Lake City.DE: WH:DE: What was the other one besides Dalton? WH: Menlove, I don't remember his first name.57
 W. E . HAGGARD J R .DE: Well, Melvin Dalton is still around?WH: Yeah, he's in Monticello, but we weren't drilling forthem we were drilling for Montezuma Joint Adventure, they called this. It was ah, a fellow by the name of M.F. Bolton who used to be the vice president of ---?--- Corporation, ah, in Mexico. He was the one who had these ideas about at places down in the Grants area they found this type of a deal. The way the formations were and everything and he felt like it should happen again down here. He spent quite a bit of money in that area and we went from there to a similar type of thing that was down in Gallup, New Mexico. Where the ore had made in Dakota sandstone, sandstone and we drilled I think 5,000 feet or so in this area for the same guy. It was actually right, I could throw a rock from where I was working right into Gallup almost, it was just almost right in town there. It wasn't a very successful operation, we did drill a couple of good holes but it was so deep and the way the formation laid there and everything it wasn't feasible to me. We went from there over to Ambrosia Lake area; it wasa major part of the major producing area. DE: Is that where---?---WH: Pardon?DE: Where the---?--- areas were? Ambrosia Lake.WH: I don't recall those names but this is where---?--- and58
 W. E. HAGGARD JR.Phillips and---?--- all got a mill within just a little ways of each other down there. I think that area to my knowledge has produced more ore than any other area in the United States to my knowledge.Now is this, can you tell about this ore down there, where it's located?DE:WH:It's in the Brushy Basin or the salt wash sands. In the Morrison formation in the salt wash sands. The major part of it; they also, that's somewhere right in there was where this Bolton got the idea that apparently they had found a major sizeable deposit in this Dakota sand he was drilling for. It's actually maybe mistaken by calling it Dakota sand because we did drill through the Dakota. It was more of a---?--- in the Brushy Basin---?--- call it Dakota sand too. We drilled through the Dakota into the Brushy Basin but not into the Salt Wash, we never did ?--- Salt Wash.This was not the usual thing then?No it was, it's not common.Do they come up with any idea of how that happened in that area?Ah--To your knowledge.Ah, not to my knowledge, I just never did take any time to talk to anybody about it really.DE: WH: DE:WH: DE: WH:59
 W. E . HAGGARD J R .DE: And this is what in your terms you would call wildcatdrilling because you went out--WH: Yeah, right, ah, this would be strictly wildcat becauseI mean a target for a producing mine, generally speaking would be in the salt wash sands would be 800 feet deep and we were only drilling 200 feet so this is, ah, thisis a long shot.DE: Ah, were you working then for yourself and you wereworking directly for this Mr. Bolton?WH: Uh huh. And his associates which I only met a couple oftimes. Guys that invested money with him you know, for this venture. I worked directly under Mr. Bolton. He was always on the job---?---.DE: Well, what type of equipment did you use to drill there? WH: I used this same rotary rig that I have now. It's a---?- -- 1,000 and it's the same rig I've had all the time thatI've---?--- in every area. It's a rotary air drill.DE: And then Mr. Bolton told you where he wanted it drilled? WH: Right, he spotted all the holes.DE: Ah, how far from the reservation is this?WH: Actually we were on, down here we were on the, what's it called, the Montezuma Extension I think they call it. It's actually---?--- now, it didn't use to be but it is now.DE: Did you have to get special permission yourself? 60
 W. E . HAGGARD J R .WH: No, ah, these guys all had valid claims, somehow thisDE:extension, the Indians didn't get the mineral rights on these extensions. These were valid claims, ah, some of them he staked at this time also. I mean he just went out there and staked them and drilled them at the same time. From this I gather that the unions didn't get, ah, mineral royalty because we didn't have any problems.Did you ever have to hire any extra help or could you dothis all yourself?WH: Ah, I hire one guy at all times and as high as two.Generally speaking why myself and one guy. Last year I had three guys, I was working, we had a lot of work to do and I changed parts and whatnot. I had a driller working for me and he had a helper and I keep the rig---?--- you know parts, rig also looking for other jobs and whatnot.DE: Well, did you hire your help wherever you have to be or did you take them?WH:DE:WH:No, I'd take them from here. Ah, this year my boys worked for me since school was out. Prior to that I had a kid here in town help me.Did you ever hire any of the Indian boys?I've only worked one of them and he was here in town. Ben Keith, he's a painter, good painter too. He was a good helper. The only time I ever didn't like his work, and it wasn't even working time; I do a lot of camping and we'd61
 W.E .HAGGARD J R .go out for a week at a time and actually live together and this part there I couldn't get used to our two different ways of living. I couldn't get used to this but it didn't cause any real trouble, but he quit after a little while anyway.How old was this person?I think he was 23 or 24.And he continued his Indian way of living?Oh, to enough of an extent that I couldn't camp with him and feel comfortable.Could you explain a little bit more?Oh, well the way we've always done it before, why, one of us would cook and the other would do the dishes, stuff like this. Ah, if I cooked his supper I expected him to do the dishes. This is what happened that he got up and done his plate and his knives and fork and spoon, put them up and went and sit down. So this makes me mad. Which I talked to him about that but he explained to how he couldn't stand to do dishes and he'd never done dishes before in his life. And I explained to him about how I don't 1ike to cook either but somebody's got to. But just little things like that, that was just one instance. Andbeing totally different. There wasn't much to talk aboutDE: WH: DE: WH:DE: WH:really.DE: Uh huh. He did speak English though?62
 W. WH:DE:WH:E .HAGGARD J R .Oh yeah, he's educated. In fact he's teaching Head Start or some type of a program up here now under that community action or whatever it is.Is there more work to be done around in the Grants and Ambrosia Lake area?Uh, yeah, there's I imagine the activity has died down considerable now because of the market outlook and everything. There's just miles and miles and miles, forinstance from here to Ambrosia Lake you have this formation and--Where does it actually begin?Well, it actually begins on the Colorado Plateau.East of Blanding?Well, it starts you could call it from here, yes,---?--- comes in again over on the---?--- Plateau I believe I'm just not that familiar, I've read the geology on it but I do know that this, it runs almost continuously from here to Grants and for miles around it that the salt wash is there and it hasn't been, ah, just barely scratched really as far as the potential and to me the geologists may not look at it like that, I don't know. To me if the formations there all you've got to have is the conditionsto be right to have ore so you'd be wildcating but you could actually drill formations from here, Cortez,---?-- - Springs and clear south.DE: WH: DE: WH:63
 W. DE:WH:E .HAGGARD J R .If you were going to stipulate what conditions forore were necessary, what would you say?Well, you've got to have a low in your basin sandsthat are sitting on these clay type formations, ah,are channels. For some reason these channels don'trun everyplace; there's no doubt, I mean in the amount of drilling I've done, I can't believe that there isn't numerous ore somewhere in that much distance, it hasn't ever been discovered.Well, were they using scintillators or geiger counters anyway down there?Oh yeah, they use, they've done aerial anomaly. Anomaly---?--- on all of this country. But this, ah, really to me doesn't prove hardly anything, I mean you get favorable areas no doubt. As far as walking on top of the ground with a scintillometer why, ah, you can walk over a lot of treasures.[END OF TAPE]DE:WH: DE:64
 THE FOLLOWING IS A CONTINUATION OF THE INTERVIEW WITH W .E. HAGGARD, JR., CONDUCTED BY DOROTHY ERICK ON AUGUST 2, 1971 AT BLANDING, UTAH. [TAPE #2]DE: Then after you went from down there is that when you went up Colorado?WH: Let me think. Yeah we went, no I was in Kremmling, Colorado before I went to Grants and this was kind of a wildcat proposition. We worked in about 12 miles out of Kremmling in what they called the Troublesome Creek formation. This was a local name that they just tacked on and it was a sediment type sand and it just should have had some uranium on it, turned out it didn't. And Cleveland-Cliff Mining Company also drilled there. We drilled 16,000 feet in that area.DE: Did you say 1,600 or 16,000?WH: 16,000DE: 16,000. Is that one of your--?WH: Oh that's, that was a fair job. It was the biggest. DE: And they didn't strike anything?WH: Uh huh. No we cored. Oh we did pull some cores and there was some mineralized holes, but there was never anything that was commercial come out of it.DE: At the rate that uranium is paying today has this been justified as far as the cost?WH: No. Most all these outfits that are dealing in uranium today, I think they're dealing ten years from now. They'd like to have 40,000 or 400,000 pounds drilled out up here so that when something does happen and everybody believes
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2that it will, including myself, someday that this is going to come back to where it's a profitable deal. Right now it isn't. Wyoming area could possibly be profitable because they're developing these solution mining things. In other words, they don't have to take the ore out of the mine to mine it, they just a pump a solution into the mine and pump it back out and it's got the uranium in it.DE: But is this ore checking out at inflationary prices so that they are really putting out a lot of money at the present time for the future is that right?WH: Yeah, and the way I've always looked at it, to them it's a dollar that they're going to, if they don't do this way it's going to be a tax dollar or it's going to be something of this nature to them. So I can't actually, for instance, Cleveland-Cliff Mining Company, I can't actually see them going into a venture like they went into in Wyoming and northern Colorado to make money with the market having like it is now. I can't understand it.DE: In other words this would be a tax write-off?WH: Yeah. This is what I think. I don't know.DE: I know.WH: But they spent millions of dollars. Cleveland-CliffMining Company is a tremendously big outfit. I mean they just, they've got iron projects and tactite projects all over the East Coast.66
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2DE: But this is a thought for the future and they're basingtheir activities today for the future.WH: Uh huh. I think this is what they're--like there's fiveDE:WH:or six small ore bodies drilled out in this area right now. Fifteen years ago they'd be digging them out just as fast as they can. Now it's not feasible to dig them out. There's not enough money in it.Well, after this year isn't it true that most of this will be turned over to private enterprise?I think this is the way it's supposed to be but I've never known the government to ever get out of anything they've ever got into. So I'11 believe it when it happens. I don't think it will happen. I can't imagine what they'll do with all them guys over in Grand Junction if they quit, you know if they quit controlling this. As far as the usage of uranium products itself I think it will go to private enterprise but I think it will always be controlled by the government.Now, you're saying now that you're working out here at Elk Ridge, now are there any special problems you're having out there?On this particular area, I suppose the toughest area thatthere is in the Shinarump. I might mention that this isn't exactly what they call Shinarump either--it's a similar type thing but I've heard geologists call it ---DE:WH:67
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2?--- and I've also heard call it the bottom of the Moss Back sandstone, so I really don't know. It's not the same as the Shinarump channels that we drill up on North Elk and other places. I mean this is--this particular Mormon Pasture and from there north into the Indian Creek area something has happened to this formation. There's no, when you get into a favorable area there is no bottom Chinle. By this I mean in most areas you've got a Chinle and then a Moss Back and then a bottom lower Chinle and then a Shinarump. The Moss Back don't always have to be there but 90 percent of the time it is, and in this particular area you have an upper Chinle and go into the Moss Back and if it's a favorable area the sand doesn't change. You'll drill clear to the Moenkopi and be in a fine sandstone all the way. If it isn't a favorable area then you'll go back into more Chinle--a small bit of it see--50 feet or so. But if that's the case why you just as well move off because you're not close to anything.Where you do get close to something, why this area from the bottom of the Moss Back clear to the Moenkopi make up into sandstone instead of a clay. And in this particular area it's awful wet. We get an awful lot of water. And that deals us a lot trouble.DE: What is this from--underground springs or is there an underground river?68
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2WH: Generally speaking this Moss Back sandstone is a carrierof water. If you're, this particular area is faulted due to this coal fold when all the rain has affected that country as well, it's not as visible as it is at Coal Wash, but it affected it. The regional dip in this country goes west and up there the regional dip to what I'm drilling goes the other way when it should be going west too. It's going towards the mountains, so the coal dipped it somehow and it has just collected water for millions of years, I guess. It's awful wet place. It'd surprise you. You wouldn't think there would be that much water up there.DE: Maybe they can find a use for it besides giving you trouble.WH: Yeah. This always happens though. Somebody ranching could give you a lot of money for that water. It's always in the wrong place.DE: Is there anything else that's particularly noticeable or worth mentioning on this new venture?WH: You referring to this drilling up there?DE: Right now, uh huh.WH: This is drilling that they've picked up also, this placehas been drilled, the first time they hit ore there--1952 or no, I take that back, 1956. Texas Zinc did some drilling in there, and it's been standing all this long69
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2time and now this last little spur of interest in uranium. Some people out at Coves bought it and undoubtedly formed a stock corporation and gathered up some money and are trying to make a bigger ore body out of it and it was open for a few years.DE: WH:DE:WH:DE: WH:Is this where Robert Hancock is dealing right now?No this is, he's out on Deer Flat. I drilled air ventilation holes for Robert a month ago. He's mining at the Cedar.Well, then you are not only drilling for the ore and core samples, but you are drilling their ventilation holes? Yea, I drilled about 12 inch air ventilation holes in a mine.Do you do anything special about that or--?Oh, drilling holes this big, why we'll survey the mine and we'll drill the, hit the mine, we'll drill from the top and hit the mine. Wherever it is we have to hit it with a small hole. We'll drill a four and a half inch hole until we drop into the mine and then we'll start reaming it. We'll go from four and a half to six and three quarters to a nine and 15 and 12 inch holes like that.DE: Who does your surveying?WH: Well, Robert and I between the two of us have surveyedthe last two vent holes. He surveyed the last one by 70
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2himself because we had such bad luck on the first one or the other one I guess when we both done it. Neither one of us come out with the same place. We had a hard timeDE:finding it. This drift went back in there 1,500 foot before he started his mining and then he just followed the ore. He went all over the creation back in there and it was three hundred and something feet from our known point to where he was mining. We had to survey around all them corners which isn't too difficult underground where we got a pretty good idea. But then we got on top and began to survey a straight line through all them trees why we had a hard time. We missed it anyway. Since then he's hit two test holes and from this other vent hole to them two test holes why he got right on it this time.I was going to ask you just where you are now and do youplan to stay there for sometime?WH: No, I'm not, he's all through with that.DE: No, I meant for where you're working now. Excuse me.WH: Oh, Mormon Pasture. No, I've got a possibility of acouple more days there and then I'll be in north Cottonwood which is real close, only about six miles to there. For this present outfit and then I've got 3,000 foot in north Cottonwood and then I've got 2,000 foot out in Minerals Canyon north of Moab, and then I got 8,000foot out on Deer Flats for an outfit out of Kingman, 71
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2 Arizona.DE: Now when you say three thousand or eight thousand foot, do you mean of drill holes?WH: Right.DE: That is the depth that you'll be going down?WH: No.DE: I meant by that total, right.WH: Yes. 220 foot per hole. This is, I could say that for anaverage, 220 foot.DE: Did you ever have any fear of radiation?WH: Nope. I was, well, this last bit of stuff come out aboutcausing cancer I never even give it any thought with the exception I knew it was radioactive. I was hauling out at a mine with Rally one time and some tourist stopped me and he had cameras strung all over and you know and he walked up there to the truck and asked me what I was hauling, what I was hauling out of that country down there, you know. I told him uranium. He grabbed all his cameras and ran like the devil and he says that'll expose all my film. I never did understand what he was talking about. But I never had any fear. I still don't think I should have. Maybe a miner, maybe they might have facts and figures to back up their statements of damages, I guess. I'm not exposed to it really--probably more sowhen I was hauling ore than I am now.72
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2DE: There's been a lot of dangers come out where there's acombination of smoking and radiation. WH: Yeah, it's--DE: What it's all about they're trying to work on that.WH:It's definitely. There's probably something to that. I was talking to the land inspector the next day here awhile back and it's going to be a mandatory for all of these underground miners, absolutely no smoking underground is going to be a state law pretty quick.But it might not just be from smoking underground that is the culprit.No, this is not true. They can't stop them I guess when they get off shift but they can stop them underground. So this is going to minimize a certain amount of that I suppose is their thinking.Well, I certainly appreciate you taking all this time. If you're going to be around in this area now, are you going to be away for an extended time? You said you'd be finishing up in couple days and then you're going to Cottonwood.We'll probably be there in a couple weeks.But you'll be back at least on the weekends? There's one other girl in our group that is extremely interested inwhat went on at Fire Canyon and I know we've talked over questions and you've answered some. Now when I listen toDE:WH:DE:WH:DE:73
 W.E. HAGGARD JR. #2the tape and if there are anymore questions perhaps you'd give her a little time.Well, I'll try.She was interested in the town as it was at that time. Now I did get into a little of that so she could get some information but there just might be other questions.You could find a lot better authorities than myself on that.Well, perhaps you could give her some pointers on where to look and to whom she should turn.I was in and out, in and out of there in trucking. I stayed mostly in Mexican Hat. When I was trucking out there. But I knew a lot of guys that lived right there at the store.I think that would be great if you could give her some information then. Okay, I certainly, again I would like to thank you. It's been delightful.Y ou're welcome.(END OF INTERVIEW]WH: DE:WH:DE:WH:DE:WH:74
 