 HARRIS SHUMWAY Blanding, UtahAn Interview By Suzanne SimonUranium Oral History Project Tape No. 134July 20, 1070Marriot Library University of UtahSalt Lake City, Utah
 TABLE OF CONTENTSFirst Mining in 1920s in Yellow Cat ............ 1 Pilot Mill in Big Indian Country ............. 2. .... 3 . 6 8 13 14 16 16 23Prospecting.Sold Mines to Avoid Taxes Lawsuits ..What to Look For in Prospecting Traveling By JeepDenny V ilesPushing the SmallMinerSometimes Walked 50 Miles A Day Prospecting.Out. . . .. .
 THE FOLLOWING IS AN INTERVIEW WITH HARRIS SHUMWAY CONDUCTED BY SUZANNE SIMON IN BLANDING, UTAH, ON JULY 20, 1970. [THIS IS PART OF THE URANIUM ORAL HISTORY PROJECT]SS: Well, back in the '40s when you first began looking out in the hills, what was the first mineral that you were interested in?HS: Well, it was uranium and vanadium. We, in the '40s why was when we picked up lots of mines here in Montezuma country and that's when they done some of their first mining. Of course previous to those days, years ago I remember it was in the 1920s I done some mining at Yellow Cat country and when we came home why we worked around this country prospecting.SS: What were you mining in Yellow Cat?HS: We was mining uranium and vanadium, carnotite ore. SS: And this was in the '20s?HS: Huh?ss: In the '20s?HS: Well, I think it was in the '20s that limestone outthere at Yellow Cat.MS: It was about 1925 you were mining out there.HS: In the good old days when we used powder boxes tohaul it out with. We didn't have a legal loader inthose days and used a single jack.ss: And were you the claim owner of the Yellow Cat?H: No, we was working for the New York Mining CompanyI believe it was, if I remember right.
 HARRIS SHUMWAYSS: And they, you were contracting for them.HS: No, just any work.SS: I see.HS: Where'd they sell their ore? Do you happen toHS:remember that?W ell, they had a m ill up here in Big Indian country I believe at that time. Had a pilot mill they called it, I believe. And they was milling the vanadium, the uranium, they was using it for paint and different things like that in them days. They didn't use it for atomic power or anything that way. In fact they didn't save only a very little of it. They put it out in the dumps and years afterwards before they ever got a sale for it and used it. Then when we started prospecting andmining out here in Montezuma, and also Cottonwood here, why we didn't save uranium then. It was vanadium they were after and after so many years why we had a big lawsuit with the different mining people. What was the name?Union Carbide was mixed up with--Denny Viles. VCA.XX:XX:HS: Yes and US Vanadium and they fought that for yearsand finally the miners went out and he filed a three million dollar lawsuit. The miners went out2
 H A R R I S SHUMW A Yand of course after they all got settled up why income tax took it all away.Well, when you went out t o , when you decided to go out to Montezuma what made you look in that direction?Well, the strata went all up and down Montezuma nearly all the way and we prospects in the country. And then after that why we went to the White CanyonSS:HS:SS: HS: ss: HS:country down in Mid Canyon and prospected until we found out that it was ore in another formation. And then we prospected all that country down there. We didn't take burros or horses or anything because we couldn't work, leading then around.How did you get way back in there?What?How did you get way back in there?Oh, we got down there in--50 years ago or such matter there was an old wagon road down that and hauled some silver out of the Captain Mines there at the Green River--Silver and Copper and so we went from there prospecting all that country and that formation. It wasn't carnotite ore. It was the regular uranium copper in the formation. Weprospected all of that and there's been millions of dollars taken out of that country, of course, since3
 HARRIS SHUMWAYwe prospected it.SS: Did you do any of the ore producing yourself?HS: Yes. My brother and I hauled it down there. Wehauled high grade, a good many truck loads of it, and when we settled up in the fall, the mill didn't assay it very good and we got enough money out of it to, I remember it was a two dollar check or such a matter we got out of that. Some of the work, why when and they paid the payments on the truck.SS: Now was this in White Canyon?HS: Yes.SS: What mill, what mill did you take it to?HS:This was pilot mill that Denny Viles, VCA had down there on the river. See originally why they had it so it's sand the ore, but they give it a tryout so that's the reason they didn't get more out of it. They wasted the, the ore they hauled down there they piled up there and finally ina few years they hauled it over to Shiprock, the tailings they called it and run it through there. And of course they learned how to extract it from that type of rock. But we never did get anything out of it at all.trucks and our expenses there. I think we got a two dollar check if I remember right. So that discouraged usThey didn't pay you then?SS:HS: No. Only just what I told you about. They paid on our4
 HARRIS SHUMWAYa whole lot in that and final sales were mines and we sold them out and got rid of them. Of course later on the government got in here and drilled the country andSS: HS: SS: HS: SS:HS:found lots of ore and there were millions of dollars made. The mine that my brother and I were working on, they took three million dollars out of j ust a whil e after we sold it.Which claim was that?Oh, seemed like to me it was around in '58. I'm not sure. Do you remember the name of the mine?Yes, White Canyon #1.Oh, White Canyon #1. How about the claims in Cottonwood, did they pay for you?The claims in Cottonwood, I think, we filed on all that country in '30 and '31 I believe and a little later on his dad and I, and I think we sold some of them and I think he got a pair of shoes out of them and few other things. We got a little money out of it and later on why they started working him and he made a little money offof that country, but they, they stilled worked them. They took millions of dollars out of there. One fellow from California, some great geologist come up here and he said he wouldn't give anything for the whole mining, the wholegroup there. And the other fellow said that he wouldn ' t give a dime for all the ore that was out there. But5
 HARRIS SHUMWAYanyhow they didn't know what they was talking about and they took millions of dollars out of that country, found lots of big bodies of ore. In '55 and '6 and '7 my nephew mined the Spring Water claims, ones I had taken up and they took out about 200,000 dollars worth of ore I think it was. And the state and county got a hold of it and they said that we had to pay three years in advance for ours, in case we take out some more ore, which amounts to six thousand dollars so it was such a hard job taking out so much water in there and everything, so they abandoned the mine and I wrote in, sent in a letter and told them I was bent in my mind, I wouldn't send that much money so there it reads out there. They're going to try and makeme pay too much money for the next two or three years and too hard a job so my liability I wouldn't follow it either. So I guess the county owns the mine now.SS: What was that six thousand for?HS: Well, you see they estimate the previous year, theyestimate the amount of ore you take out of there and they add it on to the next two or three years and that much money be taken out of there, which they didn't know the mining game at all. They don't know that in two feet you might run out of ore and so it, I abandoned the mine andtold them to keep it.SS: Tax money then, which they wanted you to pay them.6
 H A R R I S SHUMW A YHS: They passed a law since then, if you don't pay that moneywhy they take your home and everything. That's the reason I wanted to get rid of it because I might work there a year. I might have drilling done, spend a hundred and fifty thousand dollars on this same mine and a few years before that of drilling and so on and they didn't find anything. But the nephews when they went in there they was a little low on experience finding ore and they found this big body in there and took out that much money. And when they took that out why the mining wasn't worth anything. They just cleaned it all out practically. And so the only thing for me to do is to abandon the mining because they'd just go on and make me pay big money everyyear that I should get.SS: You had the Big Hole claim back in there didn't you? HS: Yes.SS: Was that a good mine?HS:Yes, it was. The Blanding Mines one year, one month they took out 20,000 dollars there. There was lots more ore there. We had I know 15 feet of high grade ore there. We dipped down in the gravel, in the wash, bottom there, where the wash water runs. We found a big vein there. 15 feet of ore there. It was worth a fortune, but beforethis time, a fellow down there, in Los Angeles he started a lawsuit against us and claimed that we took up those7
 HARRIS SHUMWAYmines so that the kids could go on the other mines that we'd sold to them and so he made a big lawsuit out of it. And we sold the Big Hole, I think it was 500 dollars or such a matter.SS: But would that have been Frank Garwood?HS: Yes.SS: He bought a lot of those other Cottonwood Canyon claims. HS: Yes he bought a lot of that. But that was just an alibibecause they could of went across there in a hundred places. Thousand maybe, but they wanted to make a lawsuit out of it and run us out of it, so we hired a good lawyer and they hired their lawyer and went on they couldn't prove much but anyhow we didn't want anymore lawsuits which we had so many of them all the time. Where there were many involved that way in mining, why there are always some big lawsuits in them days. I don't know how i t would be now.SS: Did you ever have other kinds of trouble with claim jumpers?HS:Yes. We had a good claim down in Red Canyon and there was a fellow name of Redd, when he sold out we sold out to Sitton and Delaney's. We sold out for two hundred thousand dollars to them guys and they give us a hundred thousand on it and the other hundred thousand they tried to bear us out of and they fooled around. Some of the8
 HARRIS SHUMWAYguys jumped some of the claims and they used that for an alibi. After a few years they claimed there wasn't any pegs up on them, which there were, and anyhow they fooled around. I think we only got eight thousand dollars out of the hundred thousand. Had lawsuits about four years. They hired, these, let's see four lawyers I believe it was. Against our one and we had a good lawyer. He said--eventually--we did get all the money for it but eventually the lawyer gets so much of it and we decided to compromise and let them have it. So that's what they done. I think they got eight thousand dollars or such matter out of it.SS: Did you ever get much help from the AEC doing drilling? HS: No, they had it before their time I believe. I think VCA done quite a bit of drilling on their own. They wasworking though, VCA was working to get the whole thing for nothing. And when they looked into it awhile to see what they was going to try to do, trying to get us to sign papers and so on why we decided we'd better sell outso we sold out.ss: That was over in White Canyon?HS: Yes. And Garwood, he in his way of life he tried to getus down here in Cottonwood and so we got rid of those claims about as quick as we could and if we had hung on to them we would have made a fortune at it. And then from9
 HARRIS SHUMWAYthere why we went down, down the reservation, found some good mining claims and after awhile why I took an Indian with me to, thought I'd have a better chance to get those claims and some of the big men, had plenty of money and like VCA they got a big lot of them and then a fellow by the name of Falstaff I believe it was, come in and took the mine this Indian and I had filed on. They took up several million in there, but they didn't turn awaySS: HS:SS: HS:from us. They worked for the reservation a whole lot and they had the money to drill it and so on and we lost that. A lot of others down there.Did you try to hold it?Yes, yes we tried to hold it. In fact we tried to get the mines but couldn't do it. We had to have a million dollars and a wagon box full of spending money to hold anything down there.It got to be awfully big business didn't it?Yeah. So we just pulled up and left it and let them have it.SS: Do you, what was the name of that one, that one down there that, on the reservation do you recall?HS: Oh, let's see what did we call it? Seems like it was Monument #1. I'm not sure. It was down in the monuments. Then we, my brother and I, we found a good mine up on one of the monuments there--it was about 1,400 feet up to it10
 HARRIS SHUMWAYand we put tramway up there. We had to walk two or three miles around to where we wanted to put the tramway so we walked around there some rope and fixed a pulley up there where the mine was, rich ore, fixed a pulley and pulleda cable up there and we had, the cable would, whenever we had a full box of stuff, or ore, the car, we called it cars, when we had that full of ore, why we'd send it down and pull the empty up and that's the way we worked it. And so we hauled lots of ore off from that monument that way.SS: Was that carnotite?HS: Yes, it had some rich vanadium in and uranium was in theShinarump formation. See, it run real high. It had somenative copper in it. A real good mine. SS: And where did you sell that ore?HS:Oh. Let's see. I believe it was the outfit there in Grand Junction. I don't remember it now. There was many different companies. I believe it was the Carbide outfit that we sold it to. I'm not sure. So I don't know. Not much I can say anything else about this mining except that we had a bad deal all the way through. We was the beginners in the country and they couldn't save this orewhen we started out--this the carnotite ore in the Morrison formation or in the Shinarump formation. They didn't save the uranium at all in the beginning and that11
 HARRIS SHUMWAYmade it bad for us. We sold some uranium to Mr. Balsley there in Moab and he used to use one of these electric scopes to assay it and that's the way they had to assaying it then. He had to run one percent in uranium or better. It had to go five percent vanadium before he'd take it. So that made it hard for us. But in later years when the town community and every company learned how toSS:save it, I think that was in about '50 something I believe. It started to boom and, of course, the big companies and different ones, had lots of money, got in and they made a lot of money out of it and made it all when Steen you got in and those same mines that he had there, we had long filed on years before that, but all it showed was just a little vanadium on the outside. In Big Indian country where he had his mines and so we didn't have a drilling outfit in them days and some things went on. We had so many mines taken up around the country and not any of them producing anything worthwhile and only little, high gradings all the way down. So that was when everything went dead. When the mi11s opened up and everything became prosperous, why we was left without anymines.Did, did you do any prospecting after the AEC was giving bonuses out for finding new ore?Well, we done some prospecting, not very much. EverythingHS:12
 HARRIS SHUMWAYin the country had been found practically and all staked and you know by the law we couldn't hold claims that way without a showing on them and people came in here, their drilling outfits and drilled down and found big bodies of ore and of course they could file on it then and hold it. If we had filed on that they would have taken it away from us because we didn't have no showing, just like we had some taken away from us out here. After they drilled why they found it and that made it bad for us again.SS: There was a case about that wasn't there? Hall and Nielsen and didn't they try to hold a claim up in Red Canyon that they had staked with no outcropping?HS: Well, I believe there was some cases on it. I think it was something that may have been fought in court. I don't know. I wasn't mixed up with any of it. I just had so many lawsuits and everything that I was tired of lawing anyhow.SS: Yeah. Well, tell me, if you wouldn't mind, something about what it was like to go back, go out in those early days. What kind of equipment did you use?HS: Well, do you mean to prospect or--?SS: Well, why don't you start with how you, how you reallydid prospect and right at first?HS: Well, we could tell the ore by the looks of it and thenwe had a geiger counter with us as a rule. It could tell 13
 HARRIS SHUMWAYus if it was very good or not. Of course, wherever there was a show at all of any uranium why we looked that there might be big bodies. You see in these formations where these big bodies of ore, it more or less hardens the surface so it didn't erode away the formation and we didn't have any drilling outfits but of course, we could have got one and we had it to go again that's what we'd do. But it hardens the formation and back a ways. You know it was the people's ideas back in those days, engineers say well, this vein runs along the ledge and runs back that far. Well, that was a poor way of trying to explain how much ore was in there because they didn't know what they were talking about at all. The channels run through a certain direction. We could always tellthat, why those channels were more or less continuous and these showings on the outside is where the channels run through. The channels run east and west in this country and a little more to the east. And we learned that, we learn to see these channels miles away, down in White Canyon that kind of we could tell where they were, ledges were a little white and showed a solid rock run down quite deep. We learned a lot about these things in our prospecting which they didn't use to know, you know, inthe beginning.SS: When you go out on prospecting trips say out to White14
 H A R R I S SHUMW A YCanyon, you say you could follow a wagon road part of the way in.HS: Well, I had jeep once and once or twice or three times, and we'd go most anywhere with that jeep. Five or six of us sometimes would go, of our nephews and so on and it had to be a real bad place, we couldn't get over it. But in the beginning there was an old wagon road we could get by down in White Canyon. I used to go down there in the pickup quite often and then we'd scarce get along and get in places we'd probably walk ten or fifteen miles a day you know prospecting on the ledges and on the strata and that's we, we done all our prospecting walking all the time. That's the only way we could get through the rocks and hills.SS:HS:You never did do any of that prospecting by airplane did you?No, but there was quite a bit of it done in this country. They found ore out here in Montezuma country by an airplane, registered. Wasn't many days before that we went out there with a geiger counter through that country and found a little pocket that registered there in the same country but it was in a Brushy Basin formation mostof it and where you find dinosaur bones and tree stumps in lots of cases you'd have a little uranium in it. It would register radium. But that's all they knew about and15
 HARRIS SHUMWAYthey went over this same country with an airplane in one place there and took out lots of ore there.SS: Let's see, the Brushy Basin is usually right over where you find a marsh isn't it?HS: Yes, right over the marsh.SS: And that's one of the best proofs of strata for theuranium isn't it?HS: Yes. Well, you get down deeper into the igneousformation, you find that pitchblende I think they call it and this formation has, has awful high grade stuff. I know once we, we leased a place out here in King Valley from Denny Viles and we had a vein of uranium both in that rock four or five feet there that run almost three percent I believe uranium. He, in them days, uranium he said wasn't any good. But he kicked us off of that claim in a hurry. He said that vanadium wasn't running high enough, but we had some good vanadium there too, but he knew the future of uranium, later on, which they did you know try to get away with all the uranium. They had thatlawsuit.SS: Denny Viles had a lot of power in this country didn't he? HS: Yes he did. They figured, estimated in the differentclaims they had so many billion dollars of ore and they, of course, done everything to get a hold of it and get the little man out.16
 HARRIS SHUMWAYSS: Was that, do you feel like that was what they wereworking on doing there in White Canyon?HS: Yes, we feel like that's cause there was lots of uraniumdown there. We took out some around 17 percent, no 16 percent was the, we took it over to AEC and in all their rooms there they had some geiger counters and as soon as they walked in those geiger counters went crazy and they asked us where we got it and we said down in White Canyon and they said if you got uranium like that you can go to Florida and live the rest of your life. You don't need to be out there prospecting. I noticed that we didn't get anywhere with it.SS: You didn't get to Florida huh?HS: We couldn't save it in them days. And Denny Viles putthat pilot mill down there they claimed that they didn't say it. We hauled some down there that run five percent uranium.SS: What, that mill down there operated for around seven years didn't it? Who did they buy their ore from then? HS: Well, they bought it from different ones around. They got five hundred tons of ore from my brother and I--we hauleddown there.SS: Now which brother was this?HS: And they got it from other people. Lots of people aftera few years you know got to mining in that country. 17
 HARRIS SHUMWAYDelaney outfit, Sitton's outfit, they found millions of dollars worth of ore and they, and I guess probably they bought some from them--I don't know.ss: The Happy Jack was a big producer out there wasn't it? HS: Happy Jack--I can tell you a little story about that that's not known. We went down there and they had lots of copper there. They always went to the copper and silver but at the same time it was also hiding uranium. I sent the first sample out of there of uranium. Of course theyclaim there was an old prospector in there a good many years ago who claimed that there's some uranium in the country, but I sent the first sample out of there. It run six percent, and offered me the mines for two hundred and fifty dollars before that time, some fellows did. And then they sold it to some people called Saddler who lived in Moab and they wanted a thousand dollars or two for it. Anyhow we didn't get it and some people, Alden I believe they called him. No, it wasn't Alden. Somebody out there from Cortez said if you can find some good mines out here let us know and we'll stand behind you on it. Well, we got, give them two hundred dollars to hold the mines fora month or two and they went down there and sampled it. They sampled about ten, twelve, fourteen feet I guess. Went around, oh what was it, very little anyhow and they said it wasn't worth bothering with, so we lost our two18
 HARRIS SHUMWAYhundred dollars and a little while after that I, the Happy Jack one of the main owners of it, he offered me his part for five thousand dollars because they was working it then for copper and--SS: Who was that?HS: That was Bronson, Arch Bronson, or not Arch, but anywayhis brother. SS: Fletcher?HS: Fletch Bronson. And so about that time was when we took up everything around it and everywhere's else around there. And he got mad because we got around close to their mine, but still they wasn't doing anything with them to amount to anything, only dig a little copper. And when they went in there, of course they sold out for a good many million I guess. It was a great mine, but we just lost out on that about the same way. They couldn't save the ore then and that was the whole thing in a nutshell. In the beginning it hadn't learnt to save the ore or anything and we went for two weeks doing such things. Naturally we'd go out for it, pay out any money.We just prospected. We didn't have too much money to pay out. So that's the way things went on. We had a chance for those mines; we had the one mine there 50 years ago where they hauled this high grade copper out of there at Green River--50 or 60 years ago--and that's all they19
 HARRIS SHUMWAYthought it was. I sent that sample off and knew that uranium had a little bit late we had everything taken up around it and if we could have kept the stuff we had and everything else of course we wouldn't have needed to pay any attention after they found out they couldn't sell the ore very well why we wasn't too interested--we got rid of everything. Which we should have known that sooner or later we'd save the ore.SS: Well, hindsight is wonderful stuff.HS: Yeah, yeah. We sure lost a lot. We had a chance for theKing Valley one time and an Indian wanted to take Lee and I, my brother, out there and show it to us. He said it was gold, yellow gold and we thought he was just like all the rest of the Indians on the reservation, thought they were, had a horse out there they wanted to go get. So we didn't go out with him. We was out part way there, we didn't go--later years why Denny Viles got in there and took it all up and there was trees there you could stand up in just straight the other way. This old guy that worked for VCA, he cashed out a few sacks that was worth five hundred dollars a sack.SS: My goodness.HS: And then, what wasn't yellow, straight yellow, why it wasred oxide. It just made the sand hills around there go through those big trees all covered with red oxide and20
 HARRIS SHUMWAY yellow uranium.SS: For heaven's sake.HS: And we, we got in there just a little bit too late. Westarted to take up some of the country there, continuation of it and they claimed they owned it, but they didn't. We should have went on and took the claims up and we found out there was forty feet of ore that cover_ed a quarter of a mile I guess. He come up the top, you see it along the top there and boy that was a bonanza. I don't know how many millions they say, some of those truckloads during the time they made the atomic bomb came out of there worth 30,000 dollars of uranium. That's what they made some of the bombs I guess. So they tell me. And there's, another time we had a door knocked down and it never done us any good. That poor old Indian. Of course in them days we could have got on the reservation but later on when these other fellows got in there why we didn't have no chance. So a person should keep still when he had so many fortunes knocked at his door and didn't accomplish anything much about it. Took up all the claims in the country and got away with them.SS: Which did you like? You did some of both. You did both mining and ore producing and you did prospecting? Which kind of work did you like best?HS: Well, prospecting's a little easier I guess. Mining's 21
 HARRIS SHUMWAYinteresting when you've got a good outfit and about 7 feet of ore. Like up in Cottonwood, we went up in there, when we got our jack hammer, when I got my lungs in bad shape. We started out on a two or three foot vein, went in there and had nine foot of ore, hauled two loads a day, but we just got paid for the vanadium in them days. And never got anything from the uranium, and not too much for the vanadium. So we hauled it clear out to Uravan and there we make a load a day anyhow, and we got a closer place to haul it out here in Monticello, why we could haul two loads a day. No trouble at all to mark down two truckloads of ore with an eight or nine foot vein or six foot vein.SS: Well, now I'm not too well versed on this. When you say six foot vein do you mean it's like a circle, six feet in diameter or six feet wide or--?HS: Well, a blanket vein. You've seen coal veins I guess. This is more or less a blanket vein. Some places it would go up you know a little higher than other places and while there were trees in there why it was richer ore.SS: When you were headed the claims out in White Canyon and the mill got started there, did you ever go out to the little town that sprung up out there?HS: Oh, you mean the few houses there in, in oh, that little canyon there what do you call it? We named all those22
 HARRIS SHUMWAYplaces. I forgot the names of them. No, they didn't have any towns down there when we was prospecting there. It was wild country. Even the mountain sheep would run from us there then.SS: I guess it was after the VCA got that pilot mill going there, just kind of a settlement out there so I hear.SS: Well, yes there was a few houses in that little mill down there. We hauled ore there for one summer, They, they worked on that little mill quite a bit of the time. I don't know just what happened. I had other places I mined and worked and you got out of there. After we sold the claims you know to Sitton.SS: As far as you know, did Sitton manage to hold on to them and make them pay or did somebody bigger come along--?HS: Well, I don't know. I don't know that there's some outfits, I think probably might have been Bronson and Cooper that mine they had there. I think they might have sold some more in different ones, I think he sold some different private owned outfits. I don't know if thecompany sold anyhow or not. Some of the private owned outfits, they sold a little ore along and probably made some money. Maybe they learned how to save it pretty well. I don't know just what happened.SS: You had already sold out your interest there so you didn't follow it too much.23
 HARRIS SHUMWAYHS:SS:HS: SS:HS: SS:HS:Yes, yes we sold out our interest down there and was glad to get out of it.Well, I can't think of any more questions right now that I'd like to ask you. You don't have any old choice tale or two you'd like to throw in about prospecting or mining?Like what you say?A choice, something that happened that stands out in your memory or anything like that that you'd like to add.No, I guess not.On how you feel now about having worked all these years in the mining business?I feel like an old wore out horse. You know how they feel. We used to travel, I bet we walked 50 miles one day sometimes. I used to get clear out. I had two brothers I walked with a whole lot. They could walk a horse to death. They could walk further than I could in a day. That is I, they didn't get as tired as I did I don't think.SS: Could you go out, can you go out just about all year here? How much snow do you have in the winter time up here?HS: Yes, we went out in the winter down there some. It's low country a lot of it. We had an old 4 wheel drive we used to go out what you call the Old Mormon Road that, where24
 HARRIS SHUMWAYthe immigrants came into this country. We went out over it some of the time down a long ways towards the Bridges and through there.SS: That goes on down towards Hole Crossing doesn't it?HS: Yes. Hole in the Rock they called it. Hole Crossing. No, my prospecting days are over. I do little now. My wifeeven cuts the lawn. I'm not able to do that. But I hopeI'll feel better, some more strength.SS: Okay, I just can't thank you enough for your time thismorning and for all the information.HS: Well, you're sure welcome. I don't know of any more. Lotsof little things happened along but not worth mentioning. SS: Well, now sometimes it's hard for us to judge right now, what's going to be important to the historians in oh, 10,20, 50 years from now.HS: Well, if anything you want to bring out why you can letme know.ss: Well, maybe we could, maybe after I get into this alittle bit, I could call you and talk to you again. If you wouldn't mind. If I suggest some questions to you and you can judge yourself about anything.HS: It's just kind of a highlight of everything I've told you today. I'm quite a bit like the guy that come here and want to sell me some hearing things so I could hear. He asked me how I could hear and I told him I hear too much25
  HARRIS SHUMWAYnow for what I want to.SS: Okay. Thank you.[END OF INTER VIEW]26