       University of Utah Marriott Library Manuscnpts DIVISionAccn 2070Saving the Legacy Oral History ProJectRay E. Brhn
  RAY E. BRIM Salt Lake City, UtabAn Interview By Winston P. Erickson June 25, 2001SAVING THE LEGACY: An Oral History of Utah's World War II VeteransTape No. 109American West CenterFort Douglas Military Museum and Marriott Library, Special Collections Department University of UtahSalt Lake City, Utab
  THIS IS AN INTERVIEW WITH RA Y E. BRIM ON SEPTEMBER 22, 2000. THE INTERVIEWER IS WINSTON P. ERICKSON. THIS IS FOR THE SA VING THE LEGACY PROJECT: AN ORAL HISTORY OF UTAH'S WORLD WAR II VETERANS.WIN: This is an interview with Ray E. Bnm. Today is the 22nd of September, year 2000 This is part of the Saving the Legacy project. We are in Ray Bnm's home in Salt Lake City, and I am Winston Enckson. Ray, when and where were you born?RAY: I was born In Salt Lake City on the 281h of October 1922 on a little street called Kelsey Avenue. I was there until I was two years old.WIN: Who were your parents?RAY: My father was Ray Brim, and he was a schoolteacher at one time and a rancher My mother was Flora Rlddata. They were married In 1919 having met here in Salt Lake City My mother was an RN and was a nurse here even dunng the flu epidemic of 1918WIN: Was your father Involved in World War I?RAY: No, he was not.WIN: And he was a schoolteacher and a rancher?RAY: A rancher Then he ended his career as a bookkeeper for the mining company Tintic Standard Mine. That Is where I grew up for 15 years was a httle town called Dividend.WIN: Down In Dividend, huh? So you grew up basically in Dividend after being born in Salt Lake City?RAY: Right.WIN: So you went to school in Dividend?RAY: I went to grade school in Dividend. Then we were bused to Goshen, Utah for junior high1
  RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001school, and then onto Payson for highschool where I graduated in 1940WIN: In 1940 you graduated from Payson High School. I guess Dividend was too small.RAY: We had about 200 people hving in Dividend. That included the children and adults. TheyJUStcouldn'tsupportaschool. Thereasonwehadtobetransportedtotheseotherschools was JUSt because the county hne was drawn where it was and the mining companies were paying such high taxes that It supported the school distnct. We could have gone to Eureka which is just three miles awayWIN: RAY: WIN: RAY: WIN: RAY:I was going to ask why you didn't go to Eureka.But it is In Juab County and we were in Utah County Oh, I see.So It's the whole deal of finances.The county hne.The county hne and the revenue for the school.So you ended up being bused to Payson for highschool.WIN:RAY: It IS about 20 miles from Dividend. I have always been amazed with people complaining about bussing because that's all we knewWIN: Payson Highschool was quite a bit larger, wasn't it?RAY: Oh, yes. I think our graduating class In 1940-we had about 70 people. That was just about standard.WIN: In 1940 there was about 70 people. While you were growing up in Dividend did you have other-did you have siblings?2
  June 25, 2001 RAY: I have a sister who was two years older She now lives in Salt Lake City She graduatedfrom the University of Utah, went back and got a masters degree at Columbia in nursing education, then worked with the National League ofNursing in New York City for 30 some odd years.WIN: She followed your mother In the nursing profession.RAY: Yes.WIN: Did your mot her stay active in nursing while she was in Dividend?RAY: She stayed active in nursing until 1940 when we moved to Salt lake CityWIN: Just after you graduated?RAY: Right after At that time she contributed her time to the Red Cross and did that kind of work. But as far as an active nurse, noWIN: Okay While you were growing up in Dividend were there a lot of children your age that you associated with?RAY: We had seven boys in my class and two girls.WIN: That would have been nine people In the class. Did you have multiple grades In the class?RAY: Yes. We would have sometimes two grades In the classroom. As I recall, our school building had four rooms. It was built by the company The teachers came from Spanish Fork and other places. And they actually lived there in a boardinghouse.WIN: Oh, I see.RAY: In those days women were not permitted to be married and teach. So the pnncipal wasRAY E. BRIM3
 RA Y E. BRIM June 25,2001 Mr Davis, and he was In charge ofthe whole operation.WIN: Soyouhadtwogradesinaclass. Youhadanumberofboys,andIguessyoualllived fmrly close togetherRAY: All Within walking distance. We would go home for lunch, for example, and things like that. We had a place where we could play softball. We had two tennis courts in this httle town, and we had a baseball team that was operated by the company, or sponsored by the company I think It was 1934 they were the Utah State amateur champions. So that was a Sunday afternoon exercise to always go to see the baseball team.WIN: As you were growing up, did you associate with these other children?RA Y : We ' d play vanous sports and enjoyed doing all kinds o f things. Hiking and kicking the ball, and playing vanous games like kick the can and hide and seek; things like that.So you'd JUSt get together In the evenings?And the afternoons.How were the winters there up in the hills?Some o f them were fauly severe. Y ou have to remember that the homes were all build byWIN:RAY:WIN:RA Y :the company They were wooden frame homes, and they were not the best in keeping the winter out.WIN: Not a great deal of Insulation?RAY: No insulation at all, JUSt 2 x 4 studs, wallboard on one side, and that was it. We used tohaveaheaterthatweputupinthewinterinourhvingroomthatburnedcoal. Thenmotherhad an electric range, and we had what we called a potbellied stove for heating the water that went4
  RAY E. BRIMJune 25, 20011nto a btg tank. We had winter sports and winter actlvttles-skiing, and sleigh ndtng was a big event because of the hills. They tamped down the snow and we had just-we lived a nice life in a lot of respects.WIN: You skted there?RAY: We skied there. They'd have little sknng contests.WIN: What kind of equipment did you have?RAY: Pretty elementary The first sk1s I had were barrel staves w1th a nailed p1ece of leather over the toe on the barrel stave. Then you just slip your foot 1n. Later on, my folks bought me some sk1s as a Christmas present. They were, oh, so tall, and I could hardly reach the top of them. And they were quite w1de as I recall. We used to have to wax them and work on them. We used bees wax and used various other ktnds of wax to get the skis so that they would slide a little faster on the snow We had a small jump that was made of the snow, and we attempted to Jump that on occasion. The sleigh nding was the main thing.WIN: That was the main thing. When you were sk1ing how would you get back up the hill? Would you just walk?RAY: Put the skis on your shoulder and walk back up the hill.WIN: Walk back up.RAY: There was no such thing as a hft back 1n those days.WIN: You didn't have horses or anything?RAY: We didn't have horses.WIN: But the sleigh riding was more popular?5
 June 25, 2001 RAy: It was more popular And even maybe the adults one or two times in the winter wouldhave a sleight nding party And they would get out and participate. So It was kind of a tight community In that respect.WIN: That's one thing you miss in these modern communities, isn't it?RAY: No question. There was a lot of support. I think that's typical of small mining towns. The nature of the business IS fairly hazardous, and, therefore, you develop a support system for each otherWIN: Was there a lot of turnover?RAY: Not too much. This was during the Depression and shortly before the Depression.WIN: The mining Industry was depressed anyway, wasn't it?RAY: The mining Industry, but if you had a Job and you were willing to stay and workWIN: Sure. So you were born 1n 1922?RAY: Yes.WIN: So you were about seven when the Depression hit?RAY: Yes.WIN: Did you notice a downturn in the economy at that time, your economic status as a family? RAY: I really can't say that I did. I was so young I couldn't make an evaluation of it. My mother and father were very fine money managers. We didn't go without. We had good food, not the vanety that you have today We had basically good food. My father had to take reductions In pay, and we got down to about $100 a month in his pay, but everybody did at that time. I remember the miners went on strike once for twenty-five cents a day raise in their salaryRAY E. BRIM6
  RAY E. BRIMI think that would have brought them up to $4 75 for an eight hour shift down In the mine. So I can't say that I suffered any We always had a car We always had two weeks vacation.WIN: Whatkindofacardidyouhave?RAY: We started out with- as I remember it was a 1928 Chevy tounng car with a fabnc top, ISinglass windows that fit under the front seat, and a railing on one of the running boardsthat would expand hke an accordion fastened on the running board And that was where you would store your luggage.WIN: 0h,really?RAY: We had a grub box because my mother would prepare food to take on tnps. We went to Yellowstone one time, and I remember-in fact, I have wntten that up-we had seven flat tires. And in those days changing a tire was a challenge-taking the nm off and patching the tire, and things of that type. We had the top of this fabric roof rip in a thunderstorm.WIN: When you had to patch the tire you had to vulcanize the tue?RAY: No. You had to scrape the inner tube with a rough surface and then put the glue on. They had a special glue. Then you put the patch on top of that. Then you had to wait for awhile. Vulcanization came on a httle later They were better patches. You always hoped that you were successful with your patch, and then the hand pump to pump It up. That's how we existed. On that particular tnp the gasohne tank fell offthe car We had to go back to West Yellowstone to have It welded back on. So those were wonderful expenences, and I look back on it as very fortunate.WIN, Did you maintain any contact with your childhood friends through the years?7June 25, 2001
 June 25, 2001 RAY: Yes. There are four of them now that are still around. Some of them have passed on. During World War II we lost some. One IS now a retired dentist, Roger Felt, who has a twinbrother Rodney They both live here In Utah. One IS out in Eureka, Utah. He married a local girl there. And one is in Provo. They all participated In World War II in some fashion. We were JUSt at the right age.WIN: Yes, you were. So, as you were going to school, did you have any particular interests In school, any favonte subjects?RAY: Well, I wanted to be a dentist. That was my goal at that time. I have to say that It didn't work out that way I have some regrets, and yet I have to also say that I was very fortunate in choosing to stay In the air force. Conditions and events took place that It was JUSt the time to do It.WIN, Did you have any favonte teachers, any teachers that took you under their wing?RAY: They were challenged, I am afraid.WIN: In any ofthe three schools?RAY: The principal ofthe high school, Lewis Bates, was a wonderful man. And he tolerated us, but he kept us pretty much In line. We didn't have any of the problems that they have today of drugs and things like that, although alcohol and smoking was behind the bam you might say Mr Bates was a wonderful man. Then we had an English teacher in high school by the name of Groesbeck. He was a bachelor, but just a fine person, and I had a lot of respect for him. The pnncipal of our grade school was Mr Davis, and he had a difficult time JUSt to keep the school going, but he did. So those are all fine people who contributed a lot.RAY E. BRIM8
   RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001 WIN: Did you engage in extracurncular activities In your schools-athletics, or music, ordrama?RAY: I attempted to play football. I finally gave that up at the Insistence of my family I was a catcher on the baseball team. I did not play basketball. We enJoyed tennis. Those were my athletic experiencesWIN: What about band, or drama, those things, singing?RAY: My wife tells me I can only hum. When we go to church, why she says, "Just hum." So that gives you an Indication of my musical ability I did play a baritone In the band In high school.WIN: Oh, you did?RAY: Yes. We went on a couple oftrips with the band.WIN: That's good. Schools don't give the same opportunities to those things as they used to.RAY: Well, I didn't take advantage, in retrospect, In what was offered to the degree that I should have.WIN: We can all look back and say that.RAY: I would be a much better student today then I was when I was seventeen.WIN: Of course. That goes with age which produces a little bit of wisdom most of the time. So you got through high school and graduated In 1940, and then your family moved to Salt Lake. RAY: We came to Salt Lake andWIN: Did your father get a new job?RAY: No. He stayed there. We bought a home on 15th East; then he would commute on9
    RAY E. BRIMJune 25, 2001weekends.WIN: Oh, so he remained with the company until ?RAY: Until he retired, until he reached 65WIN: Why did you move up there? Was It easier to go to school?RAY: It was JUSt time. My sister was at the university, and it was just time to make a move from Dividend. It was a wonderful place to grow up In many respects. It also lacked some other thingsthatwecouldn'texpenence. CulturaleventsJUStdidn'ttakeplace.WIN: Sure.RAY: And you would have to expect that. So the folks felt that it was time to make a move, and they bought a httle house on 15th East.WIN: What south?RAY: It was between Pnnceton and Harvard, 1145 was the number They hved there the rest of their lives.WIN: So you were there in the East High School distnct, but you were finished with high school?RAY: I finished the basics and came here to the universityWIN: Your plans were to go to the university, and you were still thinking about denistry?RAY: At that time, yes.WIN: Okay You must have enrolled the fall of 1940 at the URAY: In the fall of 1940 at the U I was 17 years old.WIN: So you had one year and a quarter What did you do In the summer between ?10
 June 25, 2001 RAY: One year I worked at the mine for three months at five dollars a day So that provided memoney so I could go to school.WIN: Was that between high school and your first year?RAY: Actually, between my freshman year and my sophomore year You had to be 18 years of age .WIN: To work In a mine?RAY: To work down in mining. At least, that was the company policy So I worked down there that year I came back to the university, and the first quarter came along, and World War II started In December of 1941WIN: Did you have ROTC?RAY: I did not have ROTC. I thought those uniforms those boys were weanng for ROTC at that time were rather ndiculous. They were with red stripes going down the side, as I recall, and they had to wear them, I think, one day a week when they had the ROTC class. It was only the army, as I recall, only the cavalry or the artilleryWIN: It was the artillery; horse drawn artilleryRAY: Yes.WIN: So a lot fo them played polo up there?RAY: Oh, yes.WIN: Because they liked the horses, and they used the horses to haul around the old French 75 millimeter guns.RAY: French 75s, World War II.RAY E. BRIM11
  RAY E. BRIMWIN: What were you doing then on December 7 of 1941?June 25,2001RAY: I was in the basement of our home on 15th East; had the radio on. Exactly what I was doing I don't recall.WIN: You were home With the radio?RAY: The radio was on, and they Interrupted the radio broadcast and announced that the Japanese had attacked Pearl Harbor I remember running upstaus and telling my folks that the Japanese had attacked Pearl Harbor, which was almost beyond belief as far as we knew We had been living in a dream world to a great extent.WIN: Dunng the latter part of your high school years Hitler had been making his moves on Austna, Sudetenland, moving across Rhone. Had you been aware of what he was doing?RAY: Oh, yes. My father, having been a teacher, he read penodicals and we had the newspaper every day Frequently, In the evening we would discuss it around the table; what was going on. So I was definitely aware. However, we always kind of felt that It was "over there"WIN: Even when the lend-lease program began?RAY: That came later You know, from the initial time. When the lend-lease program came on, as I recall, my father was definitely for It. I think he had an influence on our judgement at that time. My mother didn't take a position on that, and I think she was very concerned that her little boy might be involved, become involved.She was concerned, but that was about the extent of it. Then, at that time, I met my now Wife when I was a freshman at the U And her folks were very interested In international affmrs. He was on the staff of the Tribune, my father-In-law Wade Condon was his name. So I would12
 RAY E. BRIMJune 25, 2001go frequently to his home and that would be a discussion. I was pretty much aware of what was going on. I was definitely aware of the isolationists at the time- Lindbergh, Senator Nye, and Borah from Idaho I guess a 17 or 18 year old youth looks at things from a httle different perspective. It was really quite a shock when Pearl Harbor took place.You being 19, you were a pnme age for being drafted.WI :RAY: I didn't have a draft numberWIN, You never did?RAY: I never had a draft number I would have had to get one the following yearPearl Harbor they lowered the age hmit for pilots in the army air corps down to 18I volunteered Immediately I had to pass the physical, and they had a test also.WI : Immediately Does that mean you didn't go to the winter quarter?RAY: I enrolled, but I withdrew and left 22 January to go to pilot training. My father was still out at the mine. I had to talk my mother into signing a waiver And I finally did. But It was a lot of heartache on her part to let me go I can't tell you what rationale I used other than I was going to go. This was an opportunity for me to not go into the army Her brother had died shortly after World War I because of gas. So she signed.I left In January to go to Wilhams Field In Chandler, Anzona by train. We arrived at Williams and they put us In the back of a truck.WIN: Did you go alone? Did you know anybody?RAY: I didn't know anyone except we soon became very good fnends on the train.WIN: Okay13But after As a result,
 June 25, 2001 RAY: We arrived at Chandler, and we were all in civilian clothes, and the 2nd lieutenant got usaboard a big truck with our luggage and we drove to Williams which was the training base for the Chinese at that time.WIN: Oh, really?RAY: This was for the Chinese nationalists. They had Chinese pilots there, cadets. So the first thing we had to do was set up tents so that we could have a place to live.WIN: Oh, they didn't have barracks for you?RAY: The barracks were not ready We didn't have uniforms. I had a navy blue serge suit on, and they had us marching and so forth. I finally sent that home when they issued us some clothes. But that suit could have stood by itself with all the dust and dirt.WIN: And all the Arizona sand.RAY: Yes. And marching, and going to class, and taking shots, things ofthat type.WIN: Where did your Interest In flying come from?RAY: I had never been In an mrplane before. I had heard the tales ofmy uncle In World War I and the difficulties that he went through, so I wasn't particularly interested In becoming an Infantry man, or someone like that. I don't swim very well, so I thought the navy was not for me. AnditwasanopportunitytobecomeanofficerInashortperiodoftime. IadmitthatIhadto struggle to learn how to fly It was a new experience. I had no Idea of the concepts of flight. So It was a decision, and a convenient decision, at the time.WIN: So you went down to Williams field, and how long did they keep you there?RAY: They kept us there for about a month. Then we went over to Santa Ana, California. InRAY E. BRIM14
 RAY E. BRIMthe process of moving from Williams over to Santa Ana, again by train, they lost our medicalrecords. So we had to go through all the shots again. And it didn't seem to bother them. So you've had them, there is no record, we will give them to you again.WIN: Make a new record.RAY: Yes, make a new record.WIN: Did they have you fly at all at Williams?RAY: No. No flying until later Santa Ana was a pre-flight program. So, again, ground schools marching and testing. I left there and went to Rankin Academy, which Is at Tulare, California for my pnmary training.WIN: What kind of planes? Were they Stearmans?RAY: Stearmans, PT-17s.WIN: Open cockpit?RAY: Open cockpit. You would communicate with a funnel, with rubber tubes going to your ears onto the helmet. Then you would talk Into a funnel to the man sitting behind, or in front,of you. I struggled. I had a difficult time learning to fly Landing the airplane seemed to be my nemesis.WIN: That's the hardest part of flying, Isn't it? You can get up, and you can fly around, but getting down is tough.RAY: Getting back down in one piece was. And I had a couple of check ndes to see IfI was going to make It. But, somehow, I got things together for a check nde and I passed. After I got through the onginal training-I would say the first fifteen or twenty hours of training- then it was a15June 25, 2001
 RAY E. BRIMJune 25, 2001lot easier Then we moved from Tulare to Lemoore, Cahfornia for our basic training. And there we flew BT-13s. I had a lot of fun with new people, and we used to go to Fresno, Cahfomia for weekends when we could get some liberty It was a good expenence. From there, I went to Luke Field to become a fighter pilot.WIN: Again, in Anzona outside of Phoenix?RAY: Outside of Phoenix. We were flying AT-6s at that time.WIN: So each time you got a bigger, more powerful airplane?RAY: A bigger and more powerful airplane. I graduated on the 29th of September of 1942. WIN: So you had eight months of training, basically?RAY: Yes, basically, eight months oftraining. Ofthat I would say six months, maybe closer to seven months, actual flying. We always had ground schools to go to at each of these places. For some reason they thought Morse code was extremely important to us, but we never used It after we got out of flight training.When we were all ready to leave I was assigned to Paine Field, which IS up near Seattle, Washington, to fly P-39s. We were In what, at that time, was called the Western Training Division. We were confined to the base. Just before we were to go on leave our orders had changed.Using a very scientific way of selecting people they went down the hst, and every other name was sent to training in B-24s or B-17s. And that's how I got into B-17s. I was very disappointed. But, in retrospect, I am here today because I think somebody used a scientific way of directing where you would go16
 RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001From Luke I came home to Salt lake City for about a week. And at that time, my now wife and I got back together We had some ups and downs, as all young people do. But I looked pretty good in that uniform with gold bars and silver wings, so our relationship was restored. I went on to Geiger Field In Spokane, Washington, and was assigned as a copilot on a crew The crew was assembled there.WIN: This was on a B-17?RAY: On a B-17 I walked out on-the first day I arrived at Geiger Field, and I looked at that B-17, it was so large. I crawled up and looked at all those Instruments, you know, With duplicates and everything. I was disappointed, but at the same time, It was a wonderful airplane. As I learned later on It could absorb a lot of damage and was a very forgiving airplane. And I think I am here today because o f that.We left there shortly after the crew had been assigned and went to Casper, Wyoming. Four airplanes flew down to Casper, Wyoming to open up Casper as a training base. There were still wood shavings on the floor of the barracks that they had for us with a potbellied stove in the center of the room, two bunk beds for four people.We continued our training at Casper We flew around quite a bit for night training, as well as, daytune training getting together as a crew Also, we learned a lot about each other WIN: This Is one of the Important things.RAY: Yes. I was never happy being a copilot. I think copilots always want to be over in the left seat wanting to be the pilot. So we had our training and went to Sahna, Kansas. And while atSahnapartofthecrewcamedownwiththemeasles. Becauseofcrewintegritytheywantedto17
 RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001keep us there. While the crew was partly confined I was able to get checked out as a pilot on a B-17 I still went overseas as a copilot. We went from there to Morrison Field In Palm Beach, Flonda. Then we left Morrison on March 25t\ 29543 to start our tnp through South America and Afnca.WIN: Went down to Belem and ?RAY: We went to Trinidad, Belem, Natal, Ascencione, and Roberts Field In Libya. Then up to-we started out to go to Marrakech and a bad storm had come up. In that process one of the navigation aids had been run over by a truck, so we weren't quite sure as we approached the Atlas Mountains in Afnca what to do for a position In the storm and everything. So a decision was made by the navigator and pilot that we would JUSt head out for the coast. We landed at a little French base called Agadar We were the first B-17 that had landed there. They had some fighter aircraft there.WIN: Were you traveling alone?RAY: Yes. Each crew with a B-17 went on their own. We later learned that some people had nothadthegoodfortunewedid. Recently,aboutayearandahalfago,foundsomeofthe remains of the B-1 7s that were lost on that leg of the tnp were found.We spent a couple of days at this French base, and It was the first time I ever saw them use chamois to filter the water out of gasoline. That's what the French did. They had tanks, and theywouldhandcrankthetank,ordrum. Theyranallofthegasthroughachamois.WIN: The fuel through a chamois?RAY: Yes, the fuel through the chamois. The water would stay on one side, and the fuel would18
 RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001go through. It gave us enough fuel so that we could go on to Marrakech. We went to Marrakech which was a replacement depot. Onginally, the crew was supposed to stay In Africa. Again, someone way up there made a decision and sent some ofthe crews on to England to become replacement crews. And that's what we were.WIN: Up Into the gth Air Force?RAY: Up into the gth Air Force. We arrived In England on Apnl the 11th of 1943 We weren't too eager to get Into combat, so we took, I guess, a httle time. We arrived there and we through we would keep that same airplane. Unfortunately, we landed and they said, "Pack your gear You're going down to Bovingdon for a training program, and we will distribute your airplane to where we think it's needed most; what units.We went to Bovingdon to a training program which we didn't think was necessary; but, In retrospect, it probably was. We had training about escape and invasion, things to watch out for, that type of training, which was very Important if you had need.I went with another officer-not a member of the crew-but another officer, and I went to London while I was there. And I had a wonderful expenence. I went to the Royal Albert Hall and heard Sir Malcolm Beecham, who was a famous conductor, conduct the Royal symphony WIN: Wow!RAY: That was an expenence. It was also the first air raid I was In that took place at that time. WIN: It gave you an initiation IntoRAY: Initiation Into the program. After a certain amount of training we were assigned to the 92nct Bomber Group, which was at Alcanbury at that time. The 92nct had been over there for19
 RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001some time, and they disbanded It and used that as a training cadre. That's at Bovingdon. So they were reorganizing the 92nd We were part of the onginal crew In the new 92nd I flew seven missions with the 92nd Bomb Group. I flew five with the onginal crew Then I got my owncrewWIN: Let's change sides of the tape.End of Side 1 of tapeWIN: On the other side ofthe tape we got you Into your own crew after you had flown as a copilot for a number of missions.RAY: My crew as an Interesting group. They were leftovers from other crews. One ofthe gunners had been a cook, and he wanted to fly combat. He didn't know what he was getting Into. But, you know, that was part of It. The ball turret gunner was always in trouble. I don't know how often he had to stop by the dispensary because of his activities.Once we got In the air we became a unit. We flew a couple more missions, and then I was selected as one ofthe crews to form the 482nct Bomb Group, which was the Pathfinders. The British had been using radar for their bomb1ngs because weather forecasting was so hmited. And time and time again I don't know how many raids were called back because of weather So the British really and truly developed the radar technique of bombing. We used to pride ourselves and say we would bomb the target. The Norden bombsight, they used to say, could put a bomb in a pickle barrel. Well, that was just a datnn he. We scattered bombs from one side of Germany to the other Sometimes they'd land on the target. But the technique alone, when you stop and think about it, when you bomb from a mass formation and the different location of the bombers20
 RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001 WIN: The lead plane gives the visual sign to drop your bombs down?RAY: Yes. So we went-! was taken off combat. Those B-17s that were modified was H2S, which was the symbol for the British radar system. That's a story In itself. I went down with the first crew to pick up a B-1 7 that had been modified. It looked almost like a bathtub underneath the nose o f the B-1 7 In the process they disturbed the airflow under the PItot tube which controls the air speed IndicatorSo we were on a test flight. We were going down the runway and, all of a sudden, our airspeed indicator indicated that we were going 150 miles per hour Yet I knew that airplane wasn't ready to fly At about 170, someplace In that area, I could hft the airplane off. So then we had to fly around and get a feel for the difference between what we were used to for stalling out an airplane at the indicated airspeed, or approach speeds.We finally came back in and they couldn't do anything about It. They couldn't replace the Pitot tube. They didn't want to at the time-remove it and replace it to another location-because of the Instrumentation Within the plane itself. So we then had to calibrate all of our a1rplanes, the five auplanes, because each one of them was different. It was interesting.So we would fly over a measured mile and record an airspeed, what we were getting on the pilot's airspeed indicator and the time, and worked it out. Then we had to convince other people that we were flying really and truly 150 miles an hour when our Indicator was going 180 We then started leading vanous bomb groups and formations on raids. Because of the weather we could bomb through the clouds.So I finished my tour in what they call the Pathfinder I have seen the sad kinds of things21
 RA Y E. BRIM June 25, 2001that take place at war, and It IS only a matter of Inches. This Is true on the ground in the Infantry It's true in the navy It's true in the air A friend of mine-I was flying off his wing-and all of a sudden there was a horrible explosion and the one thing we could imagine was an antiaircraft shell hit the bomb bay and exploded. The airplane JUSt disappeared In a big ball of fire and the wings folded up. His name was Collins. I hadn't thought about his name until nght now It was a long tnp home after that. Then I had expenences also ofWIN: When you were flying the Pathfinder did you also take bombs?RAY: Oh, yes. And they would bomb off us.WIN: Oh, they would visually watch you?RAY: When we opened our bomb bay doors that was a signal for them after we left the I.P That was the signal for them to open their bomb bay doors. Then, when the radar Indicated that we were In the area of the target, then the navigator operated the radar system. The bombardiers didn't. When we would give the signal to the bombardier he would just pull the switch. Ours would drop, and then the other planes were supposed to drop on our bomb. They also would use flares once in awhile to indicate the I.P You see, that's why I say we spread bombs all over because the wind would move the flare streamers. Yet, It was better than not bombing.WIN: Y es.RAY: You have to remember the purpose ofthe bombing, when we advertised It, was to destroy Hitler's industrial capability to fight a war Our attitude was a dead German was the kind of German we wanted. We had no respect at all as far as-if we bombed It was to kill. We were professional killers, and you have to accept that as a fact of life. It's hard to accept because we22
 RAY E. BRIMused to say we wouldn't bomb civilians, and so forth.June 25, 2001WIN: The Bntlsh would fly at night.RAY: The Bntlsh would fly at night.WIN: Then they had no qualms about JUSt bombing.RAY: Their whole philosophy was that If you disturb a man's sleep, if you destroy his family, he won't be as productive. Therefore, you are helping the war effort. The Germans had the same attitude.WIN: The Germans were bombing V-2s and V-2s.RAY: That was later Early In the war when they were raiding Coventry and London and places like that. It was JUSt area bombing, and that's when the east side of London was so badly destroyed. The Germans were closer to home. They could get rid of their bomb, and they could say they hit London and get out of that. So war IS JUSt brutal. That's the only way you can describe It.WIN: How many missions did you have?RAY: I had 25 missions. I missed the Schweinfurt raid. I'd been out on a rmd the day before, so my name didn't come up on the schedule. I had rmds to Munich and Berhn, Bremen, Ludwigshafen, Mannheim, Frankfurt. I have to say that the only time I saw the results of bombing was early in my war experiences. I was so busy I couldn't look over the side to see the results. My concern was to get the hell out of there. I had a lot of respect for the Germans in their flying abilityWIN: When you were flying, It was fmrly early in the flights over, so the Germans still had23But we did.
 RAY E. BRIMJune 25, 2001fighters that were effective?RAY: Oh, yes. In fact, the first fighters that were-we used to say this The Spitz will escort us to the center of the Channel, and the Germans would pick us up there and escort us for the rest of the mission. Later on, P-38s came on the scene. They didn't have drop tanks to begin with, and they would escort us a httle farther Then the P-47, the little JUg, came along. And that was an Improvement. They started putting drop tanks on. Then the P-51 s, and the P51 s-they would escort us all the way to Berhn and come back.WIN: With drop tanks they could go all the way in?RAY: We had great respect for those guys because they would come In and assist us-escort us home, fight off the fighters. They made it possible for us to do a lot more.WIN: You must have been about finished when they started coming byRAY: Oh, yes. We had P-51s on our tnp to Berlin and some of the long legs. So we madequite a lot of progress In building up a fighter force. The philosophy of the fighter force was to escort the bombers to be sure that they could complete theu missions. Then, later on, that changed to become more of a tactical force because the German air force fighters had pretty much been depleted.WIN: So, then, they would escort you so far; then they would say, "Okay we're going to go after targets."RAY: Yes.WIN: Go after airfields or trains?RAY: I considered myselfto be very lucky I had damage to my airplane on every mission. The24
 RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001closest I ever had was a piece of shrapnel that came In and knocked out the oxygen system. I was flymg With the-leading 1ooth Bomb Group. You have probably heard of them. They were a bad, tough luck, outfit. A piece of shrapnel came in, went through the oxygen system on one side, ncocheted off of a post that supported the top gunner; then went through the oxygen system on the other side of the cockpit. It was approximately four inches, very ragged metal. How that missed that top turret gunner I'll never know, but It did. Just fortunate. Ad it was about, oh, I would say, about a foot away from where I was sitting. So those are the things that youWIN, Was that your most memorable mission?RAY: The most memorable mission was one when I went out on a volunteer to do a nightmission on my own to test some equipment. It ended up-I was the only B-1 7 and only airplane over Europe.WIN: All by yourself?RAY: By ourselves. We had a system called OBO that the British had developed. Again, It was to be more accurate than the radar system. There were supposed to be two planes take off. Oneof them didn't. It had mechanical fmlure, and the RAF wasn't flying that night. So we took off and climbed to about 30,000 to 35,000 feet. We JUSt went over into the Ruhr Duren was the target.We had moved one of the generators from one of the engines to operate the equipment. We needed alternating current to operate the equipment rather than have direct current. It was cold. Heating suits were on. They had to put another generator In from a hanger queen. We lost all our electric power So we salvoed the bombs. We never received any signals that we were25
 RA Y E. BRIM June 25, 2001supposed to because we didn't have a radio or anything else. We salvoed the bombs in some poor farmer's field probably Our concern was to get out ofthere. We had searchlights lacing the airThe Germans lit up one field In Belgium thinking that we might land there. Myconcern was then that we might be shot down by our own, by the Bntlsh. The navigator-we passed notes from the navigator to me, the pilot. I was using a flashlight on the Instruments that would still work. In an airplane your needle ball and airspeed and compass would still work. Everything else was geared to other systems. Our gas tank gauges froze nght where they were. We knew we had plenty of gas, but those are all things that crossed your mind.We'd been told that we would have searchlights In England that would direct us towards a field. But every time we turned towards those searchlights they'd turn them off. Finally, we found what was called a homer It was a flashing homer, and the navigator picked that up and we got a good position fixed. It wasn't too far from our base. There was a plane taking off as I circled the base, and we used to have penmeter lights going around the base to foray, but you had to be at a certain altitude to see. I got down to that altitude and we picked up the perimeter lights of Alcanbury Then I had them crank down the gearWIN: Had to do It manually?RAY: They had to do It manually The crew chief, Sergeant Davis, cranked down the gears. I used the emergency brakes to stop it. The flight surgeon had volunteered to go on that flight since we were supposed to be something of a milk run. All of the crew got out of the airplane except the pilot and the copilot. And they were so glad to be on the ground.26
 RA Y E. BRIM June 25, 2001Then they sent a truck out. They wanted us to taxi the airplane-and this IS where I made a terrible error-taxi the airplane back to one of the revetments. I had forgotten that the accumulator for the emergency brakes, which I had used on landing, was recharged by electncity I got the airplane turned around and going down a taxiway with no brakes. The spotlight from the tower was guiding me along because I had no lights, no brakes. And I started to cut off the engines when I started to veer off the taxiway And I hit a cement mixer that they were using to put in some new revetments. Cement mixer went one way, airplane parts went another and I became absolutely-how can I describe It? I almost cned. My nerves had reached that point where any httle thing would have sent me off. We had a crew debnefing, and they wanted to give me some sleeping pills, which I didn't want to take, and which I didn't take. That perhaps was the most memorable mission because It was supposed to be easy, but It turned out to be a real challenge.WIN: That was quite an adventure. What would you do In your off time?RAY: Now?WIN: No. What would you do back then?RAY: Oh, back then. When I could-they would give us maybe a three-day weekend pass-and I went to London quite often. I went to different museums, went to different bars. I started going to Nottingham. That was such an enchanting little town in companson to others. We went to other cities, the navigator and I primanly On a day-to-day basis we did a lot oftraining, extra flights.WIN: Would you go out when you didn't have bombing runs?27
 RA Y E. BRIM June 25, 2001 RAY: Oh, yes. We would go up and train, especially since we were in this radar business. Wehad a lot to learn. The Bntish had done a good job of teaching us. But we had only the five to begin with. Then our boss, a wonderful man by the name of Lieutenant Colonel Coward, got permission from General Aker to take the results of what the British had done and take it back to the United States to show them the need for this type of equipment. He was sent from Washington to MIT MIT then developed our own version of radar I don't know If you have seen the historical channel with the presentation about radar, but in that presentation they discuss Coward and some of the people who were Involved. We then started training people In the United States. But we also trained people on AlcanburyWIN: So you would be the trainer for these new people?RAY: For the new people coming in. We had to sergeants who were almost geniuses, in myJUdgment, who maintained and kept that radar system going. If there were ever some unsung heros-sure the crews took the chance of being shot down, but the support element, they did wonders. Hours didn't mean a thing to them. They worked 24 hours a day; this was the ground crew But these two gentlemen-! don't know what happened to them. I wish I did. They were the kind of people who could tinker with things and fix them. They had an amazing electronic background. I don't know where they picked it up, because it was comparatively new In those times, but they did. And they kept us going. Same with the ground crews. There should be some books written about what the ground crew did. They saw us off. They worked hours to get that airplane In condition to get us off. And they were always there to greet us when we came back, and concerned. They would help the wounded out of the planes, and that's not easy28
 RA Y E. BRIM June 25, 2001 WIN: It's amazing they could keep those planes flying when they came back full of holes.RAY: They would JUSt cut out a bullet hole and put a patch over it, you know And they justdid a wonderful job. As I say, they could change an engine and get that airplane back for the next day I had a lot of respect for them. And whenever I was assigned to go out the next day on a raid, I would get on my bike and ride out to the airplane just to see what the ground crew was doingandcementrelationships. Theydidn'tknowwhattimemeant. Theydidn'twatchthe clock. The watched the job. Again, I think the airplane and the ground crews are why I'm here todayWIN: Did you have a name for your airplane?RAY: Piccadilly Princess.WIN: Nose art?RAY: Nose art. I don't know Ifyou want to know this one. We used to say that we named our airplane Piccadilly Princess because it was the only thing that could take ten men on at one time. But that's all part of the storyWIN: Oh, yeah.RAY: There was a gentleman in England who has done a wonderful job of collecting nose art,photographs, and backgrounds. I can't think of his name. I think I have it someplace.WIN: There are books on that now, and web-sites, and that sort of thing that you can get all kinds of Information. So you had, did you say, 24 missions?RAY: Twenty-five. I was over there about 14 months because I was off for that period of time training with the RAF I came home. I had been married three months when I left to go29
 RA Y E. BRIM June 25, 2001 overseas.WIN: Oh, you did get married before?RAY: We did get married, yes. So I came home, and we renewed our relationship as young married people. I was sent to Santa Monica, Cahfornia, and two weeks later I was back in Salt Lake City selling war bonds and recruiting.WIN: Oh, so they didn't reassign you to fly?RAY: No. Not at that time. I was here for three months. They rotated those people because they wanted fresh faces in. But It was a wonderful three months for us. Then I went to Flonda to become a B-17 Instructor I left there and went to Laredo, Texas flying B-17s.WIN: At gunnery school?RAY: Gunnery school. And that wasn't my favorite thing. So I volunteered to go to the engineering school at Chanute Field. And I was in Chanute Field when the war came to an end. WIN: Where is that field?RAY: That is in Rantoul, Illinois. And it's closed now It's an industnal center nght now WIN: So the war came to an end. What were your plans? Did you make up your mind then that you were going to stay In the au force?RAY: No. We came back and went to the U Then nature stepped In and we found out that we were going to have a baby, and $75 00 a month a month didn't go very farWIN: The GI Bill?RAY: On the GI Bill. And an opportunity came to me to go back into the au force as a captmn, so we decided that Is what we would do There was an Interval there that from the time I knew30
 RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001we would be going back our daughter arrived on the scene. So I ended up spending about 39 some odd years total In the air force.WIN: Where did they send you then?RAY: I was at Eglan Field In Flonda for awhile with the First Guided Missile group. We went out on atomic bomb expenments. And the Pacific, Operation Sandstone. This was the second test. The first ones were at Bikini. The second ones were at Eniwetok. I went from there to intelligence school at Lawry Field In Denver. In time I was assigned to Alaska only to find out that they had three people assigned to the same job.WIN: What were you doing during the Korean War?RAY: I was a CO at Shemya, Alaska.WIN: Oh, you were up In Alaska?RAY: As a captain. We were in the process of closing Shemya when the Korean War came along. All of a sudden we had to revert from closure to opening up. And we had a Puget Sound construction company under contract. We had to rebuild the fuel storage systems, so I was there dunng the Korean WarWIN: Did you have your family with you?RAY: No. This was an Isolated tour In the meantime, my wife and daughter were here InSalt Lake City, and she went back to school and worked on her master's degree. I came back, went to Purdue University on the ROTC staff, and from there to Washington, DC. in the Pentagon, Manpower and Development. And from there to Japan for three years.WIN: You took your family to Japan?31
  RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001 RAY: I took my family to Japan, and a piano. That presented a problem because we couldn't find accommodations on the Japanese market that would take it, even though It was a spinet. But we managed In time. I came back from Japan and went to Command Staff College in Montgomery, Alabama. I was fortunate enough to graduate with some recognition. I went from there back to the Pentagon and spent four years there. I went to the War College, back to Montgomery, Alabama. My family stayed In Washington.WIN: What college In Montgomery?RAY: In Montgomery, the War College. So then I was reassigned back to Washington with an organization called AFTAC, and I finished my career in that organization.WIN: Did you keep flying?RAY: I was flying until-I think it was 1969 when the atr force came out with a policy that Ifyou were a certain grade, and I happened to be a colonel at that time, and were not assigned to a flying position, then you did not have to meet the annual requirements. But they would continue to pay you flying payWIN: What kind ofplanes did you fly?RAY: I ended up flying T-33s which was a single engine training Jet. I got about, I think It was 1,200 hours In the T-33WIN: Did they ever have you fly the big bombers, the B-47s?RAY: No. I was in them because of our mission With AFTAC, but I didn't have any responsibility for flying. That was, In a lot of respects, just as well because there had been such an Interval between flying B-25s and C-124s, and planes like that, that I'd have had to go through32
 RAY E. BRIMJune 25,2001a very extensive training to maintain proficiency I was, frankly, relieved to get off of flying because flying four hours a month, or eight hours a month, you are not very proficient. And you're only endangenng yourself and other people. So I ended my career In a non-flying status. WIN: What about the B-36? Did you ever fly in that?RAY: No.WIN: I used to see them flying over They made a pecuhar sound.RAY: Oh, yes. With the props.WIN: In the back.RAY: I saw one land, one of the first B-36s at Eglan Field, which was a proving ground command. I couldn't get over the size of it. It was strange. It was so large It looked like it was just struggling to stay In the air, and going so slow And the nose it made. You're right, the engines were pushers and not pullers.WIN: ItJUSt made a distinctive sound. You could always tell when they were flying over RAY: Oh, yes. You could. Right to this day you can tell. The B-25-you know, they have these air shows-they have a distinct or reciprocal engine.So I look back on my career, and I was very fortunate, lucky; yet It was a rewarding career In a lot of respects as well. I met a lot of wonderful people. I met some difficult people to work for, but you would find that many In any endeavor And I have no regrets.WIN: The mihtary expenence obviously had a deep affect on you because, even though you didn't plan to before, you did stay In and make a career out of It, and a successful one. Did you end up as a colonel?33
 RAY E. BRIM June 25, 2001 RAY: I ended up and retired as a colonel.WIN: When did you retire?RAY: I retired In May of 1975 They have an up or out policy in the military If you are not promoted then you are retired. So I recognized that my chances of being promoted to a general were very, very limited. I didn't go to Vietnam. Ifyou were going to be promoted you should just have had that on your record.WIN: So what did you do after you got out?RAY: We came back. Well, we looked at various other places to retire, but both of our mothers were ahve here in Salt Lake City So we came back to Salt Lake City, and I went to work for the National Filter Media which IS a fabnc filter company I was their plant manager for about two years, and decided that I was putting in more time, and the rewards weren't quite what I thought they should be. So I left them. I served on the community nursing service board. I was on the artificial heart board with Drs. Kolff, and Jarvik, and Olsen who is at the U still. I did that type of work; some volunteer work. Then we moved out here, and I have been manager of the condo complex since 1984WIN: Oh, really?RAY: This is my last year I'm tired.WIN: It's time for someone else to take over Horace Sorenson's property?RAY: They could double my salary, and it would still be a zeroWIN: Did you JUSt have the one child?RAY: We had two children, both daughters. One lives In Washington, D C., and has two little34
 RAY E. BRIMJune 25, 2001girls. They are not httle; one IS going to college next year It's hard to beheve. The other one lives in Fmrfax, Virginia.WIN: Oh, so that's why you travel back there often?RAY: That's why we go back there. Both ofthem have masters degrees. One has an MBA, the one in Virginia. One has a master's degree in English and dramatics. Both of them are extremely hardworking young people. I don't know where they get the energy, but they're doing well. We're very proud of them. The one daughter In Fairfax has two httle boys. So we go back there to see them. Their lives are so involved that it is easier for us to go back there than for them to come out here.WIN: Sure. That's quite a story Is there anything else you would like to say?RAY: I appreciate very much you coming out, and also the interest that IS being generated about World War II. For so many years nothing was said. Tom Brokaw did a service to all of us by kind of reviving our stones and our experiences. I hope people will finally come to a decision on this World War II memorial. Congress has approved the location now, but there was a time hmit placed on it. It's now coming to an end, and they don't have all the money they need. Again, I feel very fortunate and very lucky And I have a wonderful wife who supported me through all of these adventures. Not every woman would put up with service hfe.WIN: Yes, it Is kind of difficult at times.RAY: Lots of moves. Considenng my training and moves I had to make, I counted it up andthere were about 32 that we made In our career There IS a lot of breaking up of homes and reestablishing friends. So it's not easy for a lot of families.35
 RAY E. BRIM June 25,2001 WIN: That's true.RAY: That's about It.WIN: Thank you very much.RAY: I have written some things, and If you are Interested I could make copies of them.WIN: I would love to have them.RAY: And I can send them to you. Like-this is nothing more than the time-I took this off my Form 5 for going overseas. I have written up a story about going overseas. The mission with the bloody 101th IS the one where my oxygen system was knocked out, and my first trip to London. WIN: Okay Let's turn this off.End of Interview36