 GEORGE WYNECOCK Spokane, W ashington Tape No. 66An interview by Nancy Hunsacker August 13, 1970American West Center University of Utah Uranium History Series
 Table of ContentsBackground.LeBret Brother's Mine Uranium Ore.LeBret Mine. Reservation During Boom LeBret Mine1 2 5 9. 10 . 15
 THE FOLLOWING I S AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. GEORGE WYNECOCK, CONDUCTED BY NANCY HUNSAKER AT THE MIDNIGHT MINE IN SPOKANE, WASHINGTON ON AUGUST 1 5 , 1 9 7 0 FOR THE URANIUM MINING ORAL HISTORY PROJECT.NH: Now first of all, could you tell me a little bit about yourself, your background, where you were born and raised.I was born and raised at---?--- in Washington on the Spokane Indian Reservation. I attended school up there for eleven years and then finished my senior year at ---?--- I attended Washington State University for one year prior to [going to] Korea and then had four years in the air force. I had two more years at Washington State and then came to the business university up here. At that time I had spent about a year running, operating the---?--- in parts of the ---?--- uranium and about eleven years in insurance and some helicopter flying work. And I've been with Midnite for about a year.accounting. In fact, many of my college courses were accounting and in taking the position here, I presumed more or less with the idea of using the geologists that we have. We actually now have two geologists on our board of directors, considered--- ?--- one of our better prospecting geologists, maybeGW:Did you take geology in college?NH:GW: No, I took the business courses--toward business and
 GEORGE WYNECOCK # 1I should call him. It was through them--we rely on their information about the geology.NH: Were you here in the area when the LeBret brothers made their discovery?GW: No, I was in the service at that time and was actually in Korea, I believe, when the discovery was made. At least I think that's where I was, right in that area. Either I was there or stationed in Albuquerque.NH: GW:And when did you become active in the mine?Well, as the mine started to progress and everything, we were all more or less in the area. I was back up on the ranch at that time and in August of '57 I went to work at the mill down there and worked just exactly one year, August first to August first. And then I was more or less confined to insurance and business, or business transactions until--although, of course, we were always more or less involved in it. It was always part of the family since the thing had been found, and so every time we discussed almost anything, we said look--we were always up there around the mill and so we've always been in miningmore less in that respect. We still a lot of time, even now. Last Sunday we were prospecting up there, goofing around the mountain. And then in April of2
 GEORGE WYNECOCK # 1last year, my father was President of the Midnite Mine and he passed away, and I went on the board of directors and became Secretary in September of last year, and General Manager in November, I believe, it was last year, and then this year I was elected President.When did the mine resume operation? It had closed down when, in '65?In 1965 it closed down on the Atomic Energy's contract, and we started redoing the mill, and in 1969 and put it in operation, actually started in December of '69, and then we began total production in January of '69, or '70.In shutting down the mine, what was involved?Well, as far as mining is concerned--I don't mean the mine, I mean the mill.In shutting down the mill, it was quite a process really, because you--of course the crushing unit stayed as is, and then most of the tanks that were in there were left as they were. Some of the wooden ones, as they dried out had to be replaced towards the end. In shutting down, though, we had to drain all of them, and clean them all out, and move all thepumps and motors and piping and everything that had carried radioactive materials; all of this wasNH:GW:NH: GW: NH: GW:3
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1disposed of and dumped. All the metal tanks, of course, were drained and then painted to preserve them. In general, that's about what it amounted to. It takes quite a period of time to close that thing down. I'd say that once they closed it out and moved the main crew, they probably were here for three months cleaning the equipment out; more or less askeleton crew.NH: And then one, how many people stayed there?GW: There was one watchman was all that we required thereuntil we began to head back into production again.NH: How did you happen to get back into production? TheA.E.C. is no longer buying uranium?GW: No. We went back into production to contractdeveloped--between our operating company, Dawn Mining Company and General Public U tilities D istrict in the East, and we sold to the New Jersey Power and Light mainly and we consolidated everything together finally.NH: Then you have contracted to supply them for how long a period of time?GW: Our original contract was two and a half to five (?) years, and then we expire in another year and a half with reserved permit. And we've already built up reserves on that angle.4
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1NH: Then are there other power companies that are in themarket for uranium or are they building--?GW: Well, we feel--we are building, of course, toward this all the time. We feel that with our reserve permit, to the extent that we have been projected geologically now and everything, then we should be in good--should be able to negotiate their same contract with General Public U tilities D istrict, and we' 11 probably just continue with the same situation we arenow. Our price situation, things like that will undoubtedly change, but we feel that we have a firm contract now and we have done everything to their satisfaction and to ours too.NH: How does the reserve of the ore affect the mine now? How does the estimated amount of ore compare to other mines? Is this one of the larger deposits?GW: It's one of the larger open-pit deposits and operations we do. Most mines now, uranium mines, are underground mining and as far as reserves goes; but it's awful hard to tell. We don't have our reserves blocked out. We just block those that we require to fulfill a contract or to present a contract. We don't drill out a total hillside and say this is what's inthere. You know, if it's necessary to go that way--we feel it's better to stay on a conservative private5
 GEORGE WYNECOCK # 1thing without trying to blow it up to proportions we're not sure of.NH: When you get into the other types of mining, don't the costs start rising?GW: Underground mining is quite a lot more than costs of an open pit in the uranium consideration. And we feel that it would be very difficult at our level of contract mining to go underground and recover it in that respect definitely. Getting back, too far back in the hillside there we have tremendous---?--- of way stations coming up, but we're going to have to take a long, hard look at what we're going after. But in an area not being drilled, you just don't knowwhat we're going up against yet. We're just going to find out. We're going on our present contract working that way. You notice up there the drill is still drilling and still working, and we have to yet to drill a hole that doesn't have ore in it. We feel confident that this continues up the hillside. We possibly this summer will get one or two holes drilled up on top of the ridge line, and maybe one far down more or less towards the middle of area. And this is just to get an idea of what's in there, butwe're not really that concerned about it yet.NH: But you have plenty of ore for your present6
 GEORGE WYNECOCK # 1 contracts?GW: Yes, uh huh. Yeah, we're in good shape as far as that goes.NH: You mentioned you were bringing ore in from Alaska, or are you thinking of bringing in ore from Alaska?GW: Well, we operated before we did bring some attentive bale(?), it runs about five times as much as our ore and we are negotiating at present to determine whether or not we'll do that again. Also we're doingNH: GW:some drilling work up there. I think probably we will, but we haven't confirmed it yet.How will you bring the ore down?We'll barge it down the Pacific Coast to Seattle, load it on a train over there, and bring it to about fourteen miles from our plant, and then truck it from there. This makes it quite expensive to move in that respect, and yet that ore is quite valuable. And on top of that, it allows us then to use our low-grade ore, instead of a lot of this ore we've piled up there that's eight hundredths or less which don't fit our program yet, will become available to us. Andthen we can recover that eight hundredths by using high-grade ore in order to cut it down, cut the high- grade ore to bring up the low grade, and it works quite well.7
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1NH:GW: NH:GW:NH: GW: NH: GW:When was the initial discovery? I thought it was in 1 54, but was it before then?It was in '53.Oh. And then was it four carloads that was sent to Salt Lake?This type of information, I think you'd be better off if you got that from John. I don't knoq anything about that. I could possibly go back through the records and find it.Were you here when Newmont came in?Yeah. His Midnite Mine.What other companies were bidding?Well, there were several: Belle Stock, Hecla, Anaconda was in on it. Actually, there wasn't any bidding done. More or less each one filled it up, and discussions were held, and nothing came of them. Most of them were ---?--- what we received for this contract with Newmont; we received offers of all the way from ten to a million dollars for the whole thing. And it ended up, they just wanted to take it over completely. They just wanted to buy it out, and in the end my father went back to New York and met with Newmont, and they formed Dawn Mining Company which--about what it amounted to is that we traded on half of our mine for one half of the mill. There was8
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1a total cost in that mill of upwards five million dollars.NH: This is the only uranium mill in this end of the country, in the Northwest. When was the mill put in?GW: It was started in 1956 and completed in '57, July of 1957. We began operation---?--- in 1957.NH: Has this been changed at all in the rejuvenation of it, when you started operations again, or did they use the same mill as it was?GW: Basically. There are some things made in--residues for recovery, ---?--- try to pull the volley out so we weren't bothered by that---?--- tendency gathered in the resin the same way the uranium had. You always had enough of ---?--- combinations. So we put that into--pull it out first, and other than that therewasn't.NH: When you had the contract with ---?--- did it gowrong---?--- for specified price and all, and then when did the option of getting an extended period or(?) going to full term in closing down the mine.GW: That happened in 1965. We had operated with them up to that date until they cut off. They had enough fuel and didn't need anymore, although they would accept it on a slowed-down basis, so that we would receive about five--a little better than five dollars in that9
 GEORGE WYNECOCK # 1area for ore that---?--- we had been receiving about eight dollars.Then by extending it you would have produced less ore, or no, less money--Less money.Yeah. Over a longer period of time.We probably would have produced about the same amount as we were at that time, but we would have---?--- Y ou're not using the utmost.What was it like around the mine? Were you here when the prospecting boom was going on? What was it like then on the reservation and around the reservation? Well, it seemed like we were just besieged by people from all over--Philadelphia, and camps were springing up in different places. The reservation in particular and north of the reservation, a lot of activity there and just about anything you could imagine happened. People coming in with their airplanes. We had a collision up there with airplanes, four-wheel drives, horses, and motorcycles. Just about anything you could imagine happened. Everybody, of course was on our leases. Although we were at the time negotiatingwith the boys to obtain their side of the mine and we did obtain it. There was quite a situation. One family was affected, hard drinkers; they drank hardNH:GW: NH: GW:NH:GW:10
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1and they lived hard, and they had quite a lot of outside people. I don't know who they were or anything, but many times you'd find a guy with, well actually---?--- always---?---. I know he died outNH: GW:NH:in front of the schoolhouse. He was out there one morning. He just over drank. But he was given everything he could possibly want. It just kept him just nearly drunk all the time. And we finally negotiated that end, and they came in with us on Midnite.Did they receive a certain amount of stock?No, they worked on a royalty basis. Just the same as the tribe. And so their portions of it as far as net number, the returns they received were 14 to 17 percent.In the area of the mine that has been worked most of all, is it on the board, and then you're working back toward--?T itle land.GW:NH:GW: Well, the most wonderful effect--of course, when youHow did the uranium protect the tribe as a whole?start dividing it up--a million dollars between 1,400 people there's not anything. You know it's ---?--- but then again it provides so many jobs for them. They're all good at handling equipment, and so it11
 GEORGE WYNECOCK # 1opened up jobs for the truck drivers and the cat engineers, and gave them a new education in the milling end of it, and---?--- a total employee force down there of Indian labor about 60 percent. So this is all a new field to them. It never was open to them before, and it created some jobs when they closed down the first time. Some of the boys moved out---?- -- worked the same job as he worked here. So that the Indian agency-- Then we brought in--there was actually quite an exposure to the tribe, I believe, in the fact that they were exposed to a lot of people from the outside which was necessary for them to build people ---?--- visit and ideas they exchanged and the school system and things 1ike this. So I think it helped it an awful lot of ways rather than just in the money situation. We try to go through the ---?--- contracts, La Sal mining company has requested that Midnite partner in this thing. We want them to train Indian boys and, of course, we want them to train them only if they are capable ofhandling the job and generally all are if they behave themselves they can handle just about any job you give them. And we actively employ a certain amount for each job, and we also ask each contractor, our mining contractor, our hauling contractors, whatever12
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1supports the mill in that situation, we ask them to check the Indian labor force before they got to the outside.NH: And what is the other, besides mining, what other types of endeavor is there on the reservation?GW: In general, farming and ranching and mostly cattle areas and involvement in what they ---?--- Boise Cascade's big plant, I understand, must hire 80 percent of them, You always find a distinction between the--no matter what the race, you always find a distinction between the logger and miner, and we find a lot of time that it's a value working in mining than all the responsibility you've got to have to run the mill. ---?--- very easy to do while we're operating, when we operate why ---?--- difference between logging and mining.NH: There's also your mining operation is not your--?GW: No our mining operation is run differently. They can actually out haul us--well, almost two to one. So they would be working essentially about the time it freezes, and they get a little cutback and mud gets too bad or something will happen, and by that timethey should have enough ore stockpiled so we can operate through the winter and pick up the mining in the spring. This generally is how most of these13
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1operations are run. Loading is more or less the same way. M ud---?------?------?---Then the mill pretty much has to go all year around then.Right.If you shut it down for a time, it would be quite an involved process.It really would. And besides that, of course, the contractors call for a specified amount each month. So it is necessary that we continue through and make sure we have enough to produce in January and February and things like that. Now this year we had a short month in the first half and same as last half; now we're into total operation. Actually, we have been all the way through because we've had to do that in order to supply the total amount for the whole year. So we were quite proud of this and we hit the first of the month, we were actually producing October's ore. So we're that far ahead. But at this rate--NH: What do you do? Do you keep the finished product there and then ship out certain amounts of it as required for each month's time?NH: GW: NH:GW: NH:GW:14
 GEORGE WYNECOCK # 1 GW: Well.NH: GW:So you're ahead.We, of course, supply with--more or less we know, forinstance, that [in winter] we can't produce that much, but we can [mill]. So there's ---?--- and I would estimate that we picked up in January---?---so that's the way we put it.So your uranium is trucked out, isn't it? To where? Yes. It's trucked actually just to a rail head.Where is the nearest rail head?Springdale. About twelve miles ---?--- I believe that's the way we figure it out now. I don't know remember any amounts that have been shipped by truck ---?--- That's the way it was last time.When it comes out as the finished product, what does it go into? In drums?Yeah, we contain it in fifty-gallon drums and---?--- and lock them. I know if it has been tampered with and then there shipped to Fort Hope, Ontario to the El Dorado Processing Plant, and they complete the process and build the fissionable fuel out of it.NH: GW: NH: GW:NH:GW:NH: When this comes out of the mill, is it radioactive? GW: No, a geiger counter placed on the finished product is neutral. You can put it on the floor and there's nothing there. When it gets back there, they redo the15
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1process and actually reverse the process and speed it up---?---.NH: What other mining interests does Midnite Mine have? GW: Well, our main interest right now is over in what weNH: GW:call Polaris Mine in north, actually it's west, northwest of Dylan, Montana which is silver mining. We haven't been pushing it too hard until the prices go up ---?--- and better ---?--- into it and ore blocked out. We feel we've got a good mine, but we're not in that much of a hurry to produce it. If Uncle Sam wants---?--- he can do it by himself. But it's a good mine and has good production. It's just like-- no different from ---?--- about seven or eight carloads which is average around twenty-four ounces and---?--- capacity---?---. Maybe next spring.What else is there besides the silver?We have interest in several small companies actually, located in ---?--- district. We don't know what's going to happen to those. Actually companies are formed in an area that is geologically favorable to- --?--- ores, silver, lead, and this type of thing.And we're just going to have to wait them out. We also, of course, actively explore into different areas. One of our geologists is down in the Yakima area right now finishing up on a mercury prospect. We16
 GEORGE WYNECOCK #1don't know if there's anything there. We do know that there's indications there might be and it should be looked at.NH:[Is there anything you'd like to add] or is it pretty well covered?I think so.GW:NH: Well, thank you very much. This concludes theinterview with Mr. George Wynecock. [END OF INTERVIEW]17