0 WOMAN'S i ; faithful Q 3 "cf, )ingt&&m:iPf oraan, sister, tnouier, joy is ihme afar! Vorking T6r thy neighbor .thy soul divine has grown. . God loved thy cheerful spirit and he has called thee home. i.S L EXPONENT. ..!lern.00n sessionCounselor Sophro- usual exercises. .Sister barah J. Cannon bore her testimony to the beauties of the Gospel. Said they.had come to take back of this stake Relief Society, temporally and spiritually. Read a few paragraphs from a sermon, of President Joseph F. Smith J the Relief concerning Society. Sister P. C. Matox felt to take an inter est in the work Sister Emma S. Woodruff said we should be thankful for everything the Lord blesses us with. We have in this Church fifty-five stakes and several a-rep- OBITUARY. Sister Sarah Thompson Patterson, president of Relief Society ofLBloomington depart-- d this life August 12th, 1906. She was born March Sth, 1S67. Appointed teacher in Relief Society Dec. 4, 1890, was chosen second counselor December 3rd, 1S91. Elected president February 6th, 1897, hich posil rion she held until ber death. ;She was a sweet pure? womanly woman; she leaves a loving husband and six daughters, the oldest one married and the youngest, one month old. She was ever willing to listen. to the instructions of those who presided over her, and was always ready to labor ' for the welfare of others. Her example was worthy of emulation. May she rest in peace and be permitted to receive her children as faithful followers of the truth when their labors on earth are done. She is held in reverence in the memory of air with whcm she was acquainted. Margaret Hahdock. -- , -- In behalf of committee. R. S. REPORTS. . ort . . missions. . , Brother Joseph Stuart spoke of the growth of the stakes in Zion. Counselor Frank T. Pomeroy said he was led to contemplate how much we owe to the mothers in Israel, "for the . hand that rocks the cradle rules the world." The responsibility was great in Relief Society work to comfort and help the needy." Counselor Sophronia Stuart made closing remarks and said an officers' meeting would be held at the close of this conference. MARICOPA. STAKE. Morning session of Relief Society stake conference held in the stake Tabernacle, September 12th; 1906. Counselor So-phro- nia Stuart presiding. Visiting sisters were Emma S. f and Sarah J. Cannon of the General Board, from Salt Lake City. The Stake Presidency, Prest. John T. Lasuerer and Counselors, Bishops and several of our local brethren were present. Opened by singing and prayer. The roll snowed 17 officers and 64 members with several visitWood-raf- ors in 31 attendance. Minutes were read for Reports of the four wards reference. Adjourned by singing, "Come, Come Ye Saints." Benediction by Sister Sarah M. Pomeroy. Anna E. Fuller, Stake Secretary R. S- - NEBO STAKE. Morning session Quartarly conference Nebo Stake held July 20th, 1906, at Pay-so- n second ward meeting house, President Eliza J- - Dixon presiding. Roll called showed an attendance of 144 officers and members present. President Dixon gave a brief report of the stake, reported all wards vfsited once since last conference; found all doing well, spoke of storing wheat; 1,021 members in stake. Sister Caroline L. Holt of Spanish Fork first ward gave report of her ward. Sister Mary L. Zabiska reported Eureka ward. Mary A. Bradford reported Spanish Fork second ward. Song by Sisters Nellie and Rose Patten, title "Sweet Vision of Childhood." Counselor Annie T. Hyde of the General Society said she was pleased with reports, our Father in heaven had a day for everything, spoke of the Nebo stake report, was pleasedsowith the work of the much good work, stake; sisters doing-carrying on the same work that the Savior did in relieving the sick and canng for the poor, spoke of the children as the children of God, we should not oppress them, they are precious treasures, spoke of mothers in early days gathering their children around them and reading the. Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants every day; spoke of so much amusements, thought, we should think of more than the things of God, spoke of young women working in Relief Society and Mothers' Class, said to think good and do good, be pleasant when visiting the sick, spoke of the Word of Wisdom as being really necessary, even the people of the world keeping it, spoke of our young missionaries and what the world think d of those represented was that enrolled attended- - Lectures and ques tions on Mothers' work were followed out. Lectures from books Doctrine and Cove nants, Book of Mormon and Bible, one or the other, were given in each testi mony meeting with good results. Teachers were active as a rule, and much chari ty work was done by each ward. Sister Emma S. Woodruff said our reports were much the same as other places she visited. Among our other duties was the saving of souls, teaching our children to be honest, truthful and prayerful; also to pay tithing; cleanliness and making the home pleasant and orderly that our children might be encouraged to stay at home. The saving of wheat was also alluded to. Stake President John T- - Lasuerer said be had enjoyed the conference. He knew the sisters could bless and help those who were weak in the faith, and felt to bless the sisters who had traveled so far to visit us. Sister Sarah J. Cannon said their work was among the sisters. . We must use judgment and wisdom in choosing. teachers in the society, there is so much gcod they can-- do. We should sustain the officers in the work, and the taking of the Woman's Exponent was referred to, as an essential thing in Relief Society work: Stake Counselor Isaac Dana felt an interest in the work of the sisters, said let us have faith to attend our meetings. 1 oLthem..thatJheythinkth"eyareafine Aaiourned untile rlass of men: be charitable to those that benediction by Counselor Frank T. Pomehad made mistakes, our Heavenly-Fathe- r one-thir- : .. A 1 m ..." . "V don't turn us off for our mistakes, "the kingdom of God or nothing' V should be our motto, the Lord "sends us trials to purify us, we should not return evil for good. Recitation by Srster Earlensen. Sister Farnsworthu a member of the . J I (t. An Ami J 'a vjcuciai uudiu, iaiu 11 was ner nrst time to visit Pavson, there had been exeat V progress in the Relief Society since first organized by Joseph 5mith.. SDoke rf the Relief work done in the San Francisco disaster, spoke of therights of the sisters, told that they had all the rights that our brethren can give them; we must let our lights, shine as true lights in Zion. ; President Page .of Nebo stake said he was pleased to meet with the large number of sisters, it showed the good work that was being done, glad to have the sisters of- the, General.. Boards with us, said it is very nfcessary that we be united, spoke of the Savior's prayer in the Garden of Gethsemane. We should be as pillars in the Church to hold it up. We should not force our children, but should use our influence to hold them to the right. Conference adjourned until. 2 p. m. Afternoon session President Dixon presiding. Sister Farnsworth spoke about the Nurses' Class; said it was a fine opportunity for our sisters to become trained nurses, wmted some of the girls from every stake to be trained nurses, said the time was gast for us to sit down and not exert ourselves to improve, spoke of Christ's sermon on the mount; our children should learn the lesson that it teaches. Sister Hvde SDoke. said Sister Smith wished to be remembered to the sisters and sent her love to all, was the only woman living that received her endowments in the day of Joseph, Smith, said that Sister Smith never was late at any appointment, she has set the sisters a Said the Lord would algood example. ways help lis in our trials through life. Spoke of the Word of Wisdom in taking care of our bodies, and not work too hard so that they would wear out be fore our spirits had done the work that they were sent here to do; keep the faith and cling to the iron rod. Recitation, Sister Annie Tanner, "The Girl Child." Sister Roberts of Goshen said a mother in Israel is a great and good name, are we doing a mother's part by our offspring, do we know the responsibility that rests upon us as fathers and mothers in Israel? Recitation by Sister Lavina Done. President Lemmons spoke of the good instructions we had received, that we should put them into practice and get the good out of them. One of the works of the Relief society is to take care of the sick and the poor uot only by food and clothing, but we should help them to take care of themselves by furnishing them work. i nai 11 we iouowea tne instructions of the authorities of the Church we will never go astray. We should ttach the Gospel to our families. Officers of the General and Stake Board were presented and sustained. t J 11 ( t:... .1 )i Closed oy singing xveueemer 01 israei. Pray ert B ishop Taylor. 1-- . ) - Eliza ! A. Hawkins, Cor. Sec. Nebo Stake. 