..... rrrT - T i and not ple have what would formerly, so very long ago either, been considered wealth, or at any rate what would make h:MMELLE If. WELLS. Editor hml I'uMhhsr for comfortable living. The bid story of 4 XX1E WELLS L'AXXOX. Atsistant Editor. the man who wanted riches, and declared to his wife that he was determined to be Published monthly, in Salt Like City, Utah rich.is a good comparison; she didn't want Terms: one copy one car. Ji.oo; one copy six month rieliv 50 ots. No redu:tion m,i!e (or dubs. City pareis riches, only to be comfortable, the man Woman s exponent rr by mail, extra for postage one yeai a 5 ct s. Alverlisine rates: Minute, in Iinool '"rvriOanr. . A liberal space one time $2.50; prr. month. $3.00. to regular ad vertiM-rs- m.s-ou- (" office Room 509 Umplfton. South I emp: Street: "Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every " iav, except Sund-- y Address all business communirations tr Mrs. E. B. WELLS, t L'lAH. SALI LAKRCII-YfcXPONKNT " , us Enured at the I'ost (fict in Salt .die Li'v, I matter. :Coni-clx- s . . Salt Lakk Citv. Utah. .. June. PROSPERITY AND PROGRESS. 190 4 got rich. No matter, how grasping people may be they can't get the moon; but they have in this day got the fulness of the earth, so to speak. - Man with his great endowments, of strength and activity of mind and body, with ingenuity, skill and achievements, has by the blessing of the Lord, brought such prosperity.and such remarkable progress has been attained along so many lines of improvement by land and by sea, that one is filled with admiration at what has already come to pass, and wonders what giant schemes are to be launched Whatever may be said in regard to the forth to" astonish the inhabitants of this times in which we are now living or com- little globe, and for the betterment of the conditions of life and advancement of the plaints made, the new century and the of the world of nations and peolarger half. of the nineteenth century, interests certainly all must acknowledge these days ples. Amazement and awe, are the only words ..as a period of prosperity almost, if not is impossible to quite unequaled in the history of nations. one canin use, for it fitting language what has been To be sure there are great disasters and calamities, and accidents innumerable, accomplished in the rapid strides made mankind durcausing much sorrow and anxiety, yet in all the material works of aside from all that, and notwithstanding ing the last half century, e ra little more. The great products of the world are the pessimistic views of a few would-b- e wiseacres, there was never anything, we brought to one's very doors; the gigantic can read, or hear of like the times of pro- achievements in the naval, commercial, gress and prosperity of the actual pres- agricultural and architectural movements on a scientific basis are of mammoth ent. Turning our attention backward tp the proportions, ard indeed are too appalling early part of the nineteenth century, it to sum up in one's own in speaking of these things sets one's head whirling almost, to conis met by the exclamation, "What template the enormous changes in every one the about pyramids?" Yes, the pyramids phase of living since that time. Were doubtless are one of the greatest achievehisthe young folks of today to have the tory of the past open to them, say even ments of mankind, but they took a whole fifty or sixty years ago, it would be diffi- - nation of people to build them, and cen- cult for them to imagine how their fore- turies of time; whereas the new invenfathers and mothers lived, even those in tions and vast modern enterprises of comparativel v comfortable circumstances. our own time have only covered a century The hardest working classes at the pres- or little more," that is, all the greater ones. ent time, with notably few exceptions, It has not been the work of a combined are really better provided with the com- nation, but the great brain and handwork forts and conveniences of housekeeping of a few stalwarts to conceive, and a host "and out-doworking machinery, and in of skilled artisans to carry out and exemany other respects, than those of what cute the plans, rudely thought out at would then be termed, "people in easy first perhaps, and developed as they matured in the mind, and in circumstances." It is scarcely possible to estimate in any Along intellectual, educational, artistic, sense, how superior in all ways now are the advantages of the Homes and sur- and .musical advancement the pace has roundings in the domestic life of Ameri- been kept up in proportion to the macans, and in fact one might say of all terial and industrial growth, and again English-speakin- g families, in. every tem- one may say, we have no book of recent times like the Bible, nor have we a poral particular- poet It is true also that even those who have like Shakespeare, or even Milton, nor a seen what is called "hard times," do not Raphael, or Rem brand t, Titian, or Michael fully appreciate the vast difference be- Angelo. But there are always conondrums tween then and now, and in many, per-- , to be soived.and the people who ask these haps the greater number of instances, puzzling questions are- - the -- ones who ZZiaiLto acknowledge: thehand of the Lord should answer them for the benefit of : ; : jllin causing these :things to come to pass, others. that have wrought such miracles, as it The human race is not going backward were in the new civilization. There are but forward at a tremendous rate, and who on go many murmuring.i though the one thing lacking in the present age they are surrounded with comforts, some- more than aught else is spiritual progress times : even luxuries,. It seems strange to equal the mental and material." that people can be so dissatisfied with There are however, some hopeful signs comparatively prosperous- conditions, and of tendencies and aspirations towards are continually reaching out and aspiring higher ideals, and permanent footholds after more and mnrp for greater faith in God and the spread of In worldly matters the majority of peo everlasting truth; the, words of the Savior ; tie-scri- mind-Sometime- s or form-afterwar- ds. . -- - ' be who taiignT great fundamental truths in simplicity, as lie walked and talked with His disciples in and around Galilee, are being promulgated, and if even in a small will degree the tiny seed is scattered,-iin due tinie yield precious fruit. The Lord has spoken from the heavens in this day of greater progress and enlightenment, even as He did in times of old'to His prophetsrand because of this" greater dispensation, the fulness of times, these great manifestations of genius and of resource have come to pass, in fulfill-meof the words of men who spoke by the gift and power cf the Holy Ghost through inspiration from on high. The movement of many in the interest of peace and arbitration,, is one of the best indications of the great changes to wards universal pcace and assuredly there are silent forces working for the betterment of the world. The Lord has set His hand to accomplish the. greatest miracle and wonder of the latter-da- ) s. Therefore those who have understanding and whose minds are open to receive and to discern the truth that is being proclaimed, and will eventually be carried to all nations, may expect to see greater .things than in any other age of the world, and although men marvel at what is now taking place in the material world, if they search the Scriptures they will find that much more must come to pass; and that a greater awakening to the truth as taught by the. Savior of the world is near at hand, and it behooves those who have knowledge of the fulfillment of prophecy to walk in the light, and to keep their lamps trimmed and burning; and in all humility teach the simple lessons of faith, repentance and baptism for remission of fins, and by examples of purity, devotion and integrity, emphasize their teachings, consecrating time and talents to the upbuilding of Zion. t nt VISITS OF MISSIONARIES Stakes visited this year by misionaries sent from the General Board, appointed by President Bathsheba W. Smith are: Utah, April 20, at Provo, Utah, Sisters Annie Wells Cannon and Rebecca E. Little, Counselor Ida SmootDus enbury was also one of the speakers at the con- ference. Emery, April 24, at Emery, Utah, Sis- itia iu,auciu J. OICVCUSUU. dUU iiaiuv B. Harker. Sister Stevenson was too ill to attend the conference but Sister Harker filled the appointment. Beaver, May 11, at Beaver, UtabY Counselor; Ida Smoot Dusenberry and Sister Margaret A. Caine. Benson, May 12, at Lewiston, Utah, Sisters Clarissa S. Williams, Julina andPriscilla Smith, the last named joined them at Logan, where she was attending college. at 0eseret7" Utah,. Mayi8, Sisters Sarah J. Cannon arid Emma L-Smi- . .' --M- illard, : T f Cache, May 18, at Logan, Utah Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde and Sister Susan Grant- - Taylor, May 18, . at Stirling, Canada, Sisters Annie Wells Cannon and Miriam Young Hardy. J Hirrntvi sHf .. ' . - it "TT .: Tlfoh. Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde and Sister Susan Grant. ' 