WOMAN'S 46 the receiving of keys to open doors closed for centuries, whereby those who sit in darkness may be admitted into light and be eventually redeemed and partake of the blessings promised through the ordinances of the Gospel? The recent visit of President Joseph F. Smith to the State of Vermont is an event of great significance more so than has yet appeared. Greater things will grow out of this journey than even the dedication of this beautiful monument, which is in itself a splendid tribute to the martyred Prophet, and although much has been accomplished amorg many peoples of many lands, since the Prophet Joseph Smith was born, yet greater works are yet to come, and those who live today will see more temples reared, to the name of the Lord, more vaste places made habitable, and though calamities may come, and wars not cease, and the very elements of the earth be in commotion as has been prophesied not only by ancient prophets but by the Prophet Joseph Smith in this our day, yet Zion will prosper and grow famous, and those who are faithful and true will have part in the blessings that will be poured out in rich abundance upon this glorious land, America- EDITORIAL NOTES. EXPONENT forgotten, her snow white hair and dignified carriage, her sweet face and gracious manner distinguished her in her own home and wherever she appeared in PASSING THOUGHTS. "The beauty ot the house is order; the blessing of the house is contentment; the glory of the house is hospitality; the crown of the house is godliness." Not one tf the above virtues is denied the home of anyone, rich and poor alike may be the proud possessors. It neither takes fine furnishings nor rich draperies to possess order. The humble, plain and simple articles, if kept in place and neatness, will render the home beautiful; while the costly and rare furnishings, if kept in confusion, will produce a jarring and unpleasant effect-Nmatter how much or what some people possess, there is always a desire for something else a covetousness and envy that renders life unpleasant, not only for the one so built; but for those who have to live near such a person. How very few there are in this world with that happy content of The Miller of the Dee, and yet how blessed are those who are content with doing right and making the most and the best of their surroundings o and circumstances. Contentment renders the home life smooth, tranquil, and brings the blessing of peace. How delightful to enter a home and feel in the very atmosphere a welcome. No elaborate preparations for the formal receiving of guests is necessary to make one rejoice in the glory of the house, but just the simple friendliness of a smile and extended hand, which silently says, "We are glad of your coming, enter, what we have is yours," ' Such a home, writh these possessions, surely has a claim to the crown of godliness. For the spirit of love, which is the greatest of all things, pervades the home where hospitality, contentment and order dwell. Nearly three quarters of a century has passed since the book of revelations known as the Doctrine and Covenants, was given to the world, And the world laughed at and scorned the work from that day to this. Only the few honest in heart received it in the spirit in which it was given; but as time goes on and thought advances, the scientists and philosophers of this age keep advancing and bringing forth works and regulations for mankind, all in keeping with this wondrous book the Word of Wisdom is All over the world only one example. now, those who have at heart the idea of preserving one's body and mind in clear and pure condition for long usefulness, teach them the Word of Wisdom, call it what they may "The New Thought." "The Ralston," "The Health Food," or any other name. They eat simply very little, if any, meat, abstinence from liquor, tobacco and hot drinks and utmost watch and care of the body. Yet the Latter-daSaints, with all their teaching and knowledge, have been slow to follow the word of the Lord in this close friend of Miss Susan B. Anthony respect. It was given as a command, and Mrs- Stanton who passed away some like other commands have been given us years ago. She was a magnificent woman and reason proves the wisdom and blessA- W. C in figure and appearance, one never to be ing of it. We acknowledge with grateful thanks the gift of the Primary Song Book prepared by the General Board of the Primary Association, for the children of Zion. Many of the songs are new, which will particularly recommend it to favor with the little people who are always delighted with something new. The Primary General Board are to be congratulated on the success they are making in all departments of their work. The Children's Friend is ably conducted, and contains in every issue the best material possible to assist those who have charge in the wards in making their work" interesting and instructive, and not tedious to the little ones. It is wonderful how the work has grown and what has been accomplished for the little people, and singing is one of the chief attractions, of the meetings. Welcome every new original song, the songs, of a people are repeated when sermons are forgotten. The Woman's Journal of Boston, the death of one quite well known to the writer and to some of our Utah people. Mrs. Jane Spafford whose husband kept the Riggs House in Washington, D. C., for .many years. It was quite a popular hotel and Mr. and Mrs. Spafford were always most genial, and both were the very soul of kindness and hospitality. They were both equal suffragists and their hotel was Woman Suffrage headquarters, for conventions, etc., for many years. Mrs. Spafford was treasurer for the National W. S. A. many years until she left Washington to reside in Maine, her native state. She died at her own home in Hampden, Maine, about the twentieth of December. The journal will publish the 'in Memoriam," from which we shall be glad to glean some items for our paper. Mrs. Spafford was a Mass-mentio- ns y - - IN MENORIAM. DORCAS KING. GEORGIANA Dorcas Georgiana King, wife of Bishop Thomas O.King, who died Aug. 20th. 1905, at Alma. Idaho, was born July 10, 1846, at Norfolk, England, was bapt zed when eight years of age, and emigrated to U ah in 1864. She was the mother of eight children, five of whom survive her. A loving husband, three sons and two daughters beside numerous relatives and friends, mourn her uutimely death. Sister King was a true Latter-daSaint, a faithful wife and loving mother; devoted to her duties y and to Relief Society work, of which she was treasurer at the time of ter death. Her influence was alwavs felt for good in this benevolent work Her funeral was an ovation of love mingled with sorrow and tears. Wreaths ot beautiful flowers lovingly covered the beautiful white casket in which she was laid to rest. RESOLUTI ")NS. Whereas, our Heavenly Father in His infinite wisdom has seen fit to remove our dear sister to a higher sphere, therefore be it, Resolved that we mourn her loss as a dear sister, a faithful worker in the csuse of truth, and as a faithful treasurer of the Relief Society and that we desire to emulate her worthy example Resolved, that we tender our sympitby to the bereaved husband and family, and pray our Heavenly Father to let the comforting influence of his Holy Spirit rest upon them, that they may realize that she U enjoying the rest of the faithful; that sbe will come forth to a glorious resurrection crowned with immortality and eternal life. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be placed on our record, one be sent to the bereaved family and one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Jane Durfee, Margaret E. Ward, Secretary. OBITUARY. n Tribute to the memory of Sister Jane M. Young, who departed this life, November Car-ingto- 10, 1905. The news of the sudden death of "Aunt Jane Young," as she was affectionately called, came as a painful shock to her family and many friends, for although she had not been in good health for some time, she was ever cheerful and hopeful, and a regular attendant at all Relief Socitty meetings, as also all ward meetings and the Sunday School, and had successfully performed each duty and labor devolving upon her, never resting from her toil till the Master called her home. Sister Young was an example of unselfish devotion to her husband, children, friends, and all with whcm she was associated. As a member of the 17th Ward Relief Socitty, she labored unceasingly, acting as treasurer of the association, she was also the chairman of the work committee. In this capacity she was unexcelled, no task being too hard for her to undertake, all were willingly, cheerfully performed. She visited the sick and afflicted, ministering to their temporal needs as far as her circumstances would permit, not only sharing her means but carrying them beautiful flowers, of which she was very fond and labored diligently to care for, but giving them her time, cheerful presence, spiritual help and encouragement. Sister Young passed from mortality without pain or suffering and although the call came suddenly, she was ready, and to all who know her life's labors comes that of her it can be said, "All is well." Com. n Tribute to the memory of Sister Ursula Rumel. When it became known that Sister Rumel had been called to the great beyond keen sorrow filled the hearts of her family, friends and associates, for although she had suffered severely for some time, yet because of her children, who are left without father or mother, from our human standpoint it seemed that she could hardly be spared, but even in our most severe afflictions we feel to look to our Heavenly Father whom we know, ' doeth all things well," trusting in His infinite mercy and loving care for all His children; and thus becoming reconciled to every dispensation of His providence. Sister Rn-nwas a woman whom to know was to love; An affectionate, devoted wife; a true mother in the fullest sense of the word, her unselfish devotion to her family knew no bounds. Being el 