f faithful tabors an example worthy of emulat'cm by an. Resolved, that we, her sisters, sincerelv.sv hipa-thj-- c is!.'- - - ..... Sarah M. Colton presiding. ' After the regular exercises nf sinm prayer, with her bereaved husband,. Hosea F. Stout readln of J: President minutes, ... . and her family. oaran M. Colton rnnnrtpH th ofoi-; Resolved, that these resolutions be pfaced on in the good condition. ictir records, and that Essay from Glines Relief Society read by Sister Woman's. ExrofiENr,' also that a copy be sent to Emily Ratty, the family of our dear sister and friend. written by Sister Annie Snider, entitled rogress of women." True and tender, Reports givenfrom thefollowirigsis-ters- : H)nrof tnitbsdiscipfes-bravLet her sleep, she needs to slumber Edna Cole reported Mountain Dell; In the quiet, peaceful grave. !str Phebe Histop reported "Maeser; Shall we mourn fcr one who's left us? Sister Mary O'Xeil reported Glines. Each Yes, our tears we needs must blend; reported the respective society in good Love's our offering, this we owe thee, condition. Faithful mother faithful friend. Lecture by Sister Almeda lerre, subject, Mother and Home President Naomi R. Theobald; Catherine Huence." Sister Emma Roberts renortpd AllreJ, Pheobe Meacham, Committee. Naples. Sister Hannah Odekifk reported Vernal. Each reported the respective society in fair condition. Sister Nancy R. S. REPORTS. A. Colton spoke a short time, referred to the 25th chapt er of Matthew, and then snowfla'ke. spoke upon the chapterSister Rhoda Our Relief Society Conference is just Goodrich spoke of the reward we will over, and we trust the work has received have for our labors, also of progression an impetus which will help it to roll and charity. After singing and benedicmore than ever before. smoothly along tion, conference adjourned until 2 p. m. Sisters Emma S. Woodruff and Sarah Afternoon session, after opening exerof the General Board J. Cannon, were cises, Sister Amelia Orser reported Jen-so- n the chief attractions of the day andspoke society in good condition. Instruon Relief mental music from Vernal Relief Society. refreshingly Society work, givin?- - timely and good advice to mothers Sister Esther Carroll spoke on faith and and explaining in detail the duties of tithing and urged each and every one to officers and members. The subject of live up to the same. Sister Nancy A. storing up grain was touched upon and Colton spoke on faith, also spoke of the our greatest mission, the saving of souls, company our children, should keep, said ' was made a specialty. mothers should try and make home the of of a the ward organizatReports happiest place on earth. She referred to part ions were given by their respective presi- Sunday School, what a blessing it was. dents and representatives. All spoke enSinging, "We thank Thee, O God, for a thirty:five thousand. Spoke of the order-- ' which everything is done by this sociGave instructions upon the. storing ety. of grain.-an- d also the nurses' class : conducted in Salt Lake. Desired more nurses to take this course. Counselor Kate E. Paxman made a few . in- - ; the'y-bs-publ-s- hrd P iemairP.mReliefSQcietywork. solo was self-denyin- g, e . - . . , couragingly of the attendance and the good spirit among the sisters. In connection with various other speakEmma esteemed Smith, helped" to make the occasion a success by her motherly and wise" couners, our ex-preside- nt, sel. President Smith D. Rogers was present at the afternoon session and spoke a short time on the good the auxiliary organizations had done. The stake report showed an addition of one new society to. our ranks, it was or- ganized at Woodland Sep. 10, 1906, by President Mary J. R. West. The following officers were sustained: Mary E. Bradshaw, president j Thressa F. Johnson, Julia E. West, counselors; Rettie Hansen -- secretary and treasurer. ; President West expressed her gratitude for the visit of the sisters and reported the success of our. missionary effort as very gratifying. The sisters have taken pleasure in visiting each other's Relief Society organizations, and thus far have been kindly received. An entertainment in honor of Sisters Woodruff and Cannon had been planned for the evening, but as they were very tired it wa's given up. We are rim n as usual m our ; . ' orwe- 1 work and pnHpavnrinoeThe sisters are liberal in their donations and a spirit of love' and union r-StilL 8 the society throughout. the stake. Trusting the Lord will bless you abund-antb- ', I remain sincerecly yours. Della F. Smith, Stake Secretary. es all : - UINTAH. prophet. Brother Reuben S. Collett spoke of our spreading sunshine or gloom where-evwe go, said when we have the spirit to teach we should teach, realized mothers had a great mission, referred to the morals of young people and of the influence mothers have over their children. Elder William Smart, president of Uintah Stake spoke of punctuality, would have been pleased to have met with the sisters this morning, but it was impossible to do so; he encouraged the sisters in their work; said "work is the only way of progression and if each one will work in her place it will make the load easy for all. If we neglect our duties we do not reap the fruits we should." Many good things were said by each speaker. Conference adjourned for three months to meet in Naples ward. Singing, "O Jesus, the'Giver." Benediction by Presi. mond. dent William Smart. - President Hannah M. Russell thanked Phebe Ann Merkley, Sec. all who had assisted in making the conTAYLOR STAKE. ference a success. Conference adjourned for three months, after singing and beneThe Relief Society of the Taylor Stake dictionconvened in conference at Raymond, May Gertrude W. Cannon, . 22, 1906, at 10 a. m. Stake Secretary. -- President Hannah M. Russell presided-- . ALPINE. After theusual opening exersises, Sister, ofcSalt-LakeitAnnie-Wel- ls Cannon The general quarterly conference of member of the General Board, addressed Afpinestake vas heldat Amencan Fork, those present; said there, are htty-nv- e of October 19; "1906, President Rebecca stakes to visit and it takes a number :' ' Bath-sheb- a Standring presiding. sisters to do that work. President After the opening exercises, President W. Smith and Secretary Emmelme made a few remarks of welB Wells sent their love to the. Relief Standring" they come. Said "it would be well to review Society workers in Canada, and said our work, since the- - prgaiiizatiQiLJDLthe would love to visit you, but it is too far adr staker and' Eeer vanced. Let us wake up and see what The Relief Society has grown from a to- more tnan progress we can make. God has promised .nf piVhtfignr ..... T ,ke,,r JUWUv.-"" er - - . . ; va " : , -- how-mucb-we"h- r Minutes of 40th Relief Society ' ence of Uintah Klines Ward, confer- Stake of Zion held at August 30, 1906, President - A- rendered by Sister Nellie Bennett of Stirling. Reports from all of the wards were given, showing that.they are accomplishing much good. Meeting adjourned until two p, m. by singing and prayer. At the close of the morning session an officers, (stake and ward) meeting was held, where special instructions were given by Sisters Annie W.Cannon. Hannah M. Russel; and Miriam Y. Hardy, also a missionary from Salt Lake. Afternoon session, President Hannah M. Russell presided. The usual opening exercises were conducted. Sister Russel reported the work arid conditions of the Taylor Stake. Expressed her pleasure in having President Anthon H: Lund and J. H. Smith and Apostle Stake President H. S. Allen present. A solo was rendered by a member of Raymond A lecture, "What the ward. Gospel has done for Woman," was given by. Sister Alice Magrath. Sister Mariam Y. Hardy one of the visitors from Salt Lake, was pleased to be among the people 'of this country. Said the chief work of the Relief Society is to look after the sick and those in need, and comfort those who are in need of spiritual as well as physical aid. Advised mothers to make Jiome pleasant, and not scold too much. Parents should set a good example before their children. A song was sung by Sister Augusta Erickson of Stirling. Apostle John Henry Smith adressed the congregation and among other things said that he had been a student of history and nowhere in the world do they give such t instructions in morality as are given in the Chun.h of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. Spoke of Relief Society work, and said we will be judged according to the way we look after those who need our help. Sister Annie W. Cannon advised those. present to listen to the counsel of Brother Lund and teach children by example. President H. S. Allen also made a few remarks upon the. rearing of children. A duet, "God be with us until we meet again," was sjng by sisters from Ray- - ave . 