1 ...... ""let something good 'v - woman's KxroNKNT be said. ; : -v.. w' gi-smany. thousand , words, hhe . 7Als-M- l m .TT7rvLf Ihe' fairf ame of friend, or of foe sUtfl a) .shadow of disgrace quality - r nArnrds f blame; or proof otjMis, .and , VTOxiiwekarriH of Inn" vWs Aftfr j.:V;jV-rsonations of be sa;d. Lady Pitlyal, Mrs. Mac- - increasing literary activity. Mrs. Olinhant Let 'orrethiug good Aiiiaier, J.rt; Catharine Howard. Mrs. had still to feel the sting of the critics Kam love his but he? so lift low, may d, Ma v fall whose honesty could not allow': them to 'fn'tkeihek of isbame with tears is wtt,. wyhe.. Mj3 Stirling-Grahame'plan! of, praisaaught save her. industry; . She herIf on:tthing goi be faid. action was to arrive in the middle of an self knew well' that lack of fallow times turn aside in o cencsi us heart may vainly the dress of an old had prevented the harvest from being evening gathering ' of In ways of sympathy; to soul so dead a lady time. She would .sus- - as rich as it should have been, but houseprevious str'-mjindgloiJjit d. Kct R(tiv aurakeji nurna hold- expenses, Fchoolr ,v" " tie;eracter-sne-pe- r If fomethinsr good be said. ox-V- e --- i. VK - It vunit,rma i . s r -- -- b' llfe s 1 r"arKe )ou ' nd c n which cross tlie And by And bv your own soul's hope Let unaied. am make the most absurd and eccentric statements about herself and her family. Later in life when her own presence was not so remarkable, the effect of a mystification was electrical. She actually became the old lady, and 'jest, quick retort, whimsical fancy, the wildest nor.sensc. flowed from her lips lno:n' crown the Savior bkd. of fair renown, be said. southing goctl J AMI'S AYiiiiwjmu RlLKV. FAREWELL. Ob sad H is uitl1 licse v e ,ove to I)art' fed tbe bursting tension of the heart; and breathe the last good-hvToprtss the hand, with a freedom and nature-whictruthtp to be impossible in her own appeared h To e, blinding tcais are .gushing from the' eves. cars Xobid farewell, e'm for a few brief week's what anxious fears or. lOrcvtn days emotions what soul swell' Beset tbe deep When pale and trembling lips gasp forth "fareWhile - Si well." For ah! low faint the glimpse of what the future hears, we know of its pleasures or its carts assurance have we that we again ' shall meet, That we in life, and health, and joy, our precious How little do What vague ones shall Ah greet. this death in iife! foul, When when absence rends the cruel fate makes time an J space beyond control. " onlv precious faith, and memories sublime, all we carry with us to any distant chmef When Are Ellis R. Shut. AUTUMN. The day is dark, and dank and cold. The eves are gathering. the mess ami mold. The vines and leaves have changed to gold, The dying year is nearly one ) ear old. And yet there's cheer within my heart, Though friends may come and friends depart, The future brings sweet thoughts apart Of what life holds within my heart. j per- sonality." He it remembered also that those Jvhoveracevedby these mystification s we r e n o st range r to such'devlces. Seventy years ago it was one of the favorite amusements, of young girls to dress up and maintain the character of an older woman throughout an evening. Miss Stirling Grahame's "Mystifications" is the only considerable record we have of such pranks. With the "Mystifications" are published some studies of "worthies," one a dog, which are full of -- spiritual delineation. The most beautiful is "Miss Mcnie Trotter," a prose poem, which the most superficial and callous could not scorn. t 's The charm of Miss. style lies in its naturalness, its. veracity, and its lack of Its wit and humor are principally found in the record of her own sayings. . The favorite example of her wit is her epigram on cold, wet soil, in which she says, "It Stirling-Grahame- small-mindedne- ss. and girns a summer." greets Truly Scottish humor is to be found in the episode which she professes to recall of one laird's refusing to. give his youngest Good bye, old year, no, I stay, hear daughter to a suitor, telling him to "tak The echo ci a voice so sweet, so dear, them as God had gi'en them to him, or You brought me only love and cheer, want." With the exception of a transam loth to lot ycu go. kind year. lation of a French treatise on bees, I kiss 's thy face, so sweet, so fair, Miss was "Mystifications" Most beautiful face, with care, though ag'd sole contribution t'o literature. And my heart goes out with thte in praytr. Though her influence on literature has May we meet again, some place, somewhere, been as: nothing, the memory of her perLouisk Coi'LSON, Salt LaVe City, Utah. sonality lives even yet with those who knew her breezy, benevolent,' straightforMYSTIFICATIONS. Duntrune, her much ward character. A loved home, was so situated as to comthoroughly typical .Scottish gentlewoman of Lowlands,arid literary tastes was Miss Stirling mand both Highlands-anGrahame. This collateral descendant of she herself joined the poetry and wit of the Claverhouse was "still, a young woman Highlander to the shrewdness and humor when she and puzzled .society of the Lowlander. Having outlived most, delighted in Scotland with of the brilliant friends of her youth and her wonderful impersonashe died in 1877, in the tions of an old lad Later in life she mindle-age- . wrote her recollecticns of these exploits ninety-eight- h year of her age. and made Of a very different type of Scotswoman them public property, under the name of The thought of "Mystifications." "This en- was Mrs. Oliphant. tertaining, curious and wonderful little bandying jests with Sir Walter and Lord quarto - then actually recorded -- scenes Jeffrey would have made Mrs. Oliphant that took shake with fear, and the meetings .with place when Sir Walter dominated Scotland, Sir David Brewster and John England and France,' and Southey, which delighted Mrs. Grant, Wilson, Edinburgh was full of cultured, Lord would have had no charm for Mrs. Olisociety; intellectualism. J "trey, Lord Cockburn, Lord Gillies, were phant, who. detested three jewels, fit to make any circle Early' widowed, she had to use :the pen, once been a pleasing playne far and wide," Of the women, Mrs. which had' as a tool to provide sordid ' bread yser might have were thing, said "They truly onH hntter for herself and her two boys. ie to match-th- e borto and men," ' yet of SternTecesSitjrtransf ormed ia . distinct W . XX, ' V VUU-J a-wi- 1 Stirling-Grahame- ; d . large-minde- d, ilesh-and-blo- bd the-auth- or - 1 Xnaractf r,nr.Vi-vex. 11 it , men T T. . : fV.oT- u wpre tiUlll tilC or as is a beech from' a birch, a - jUlUV-if-""- preu SlOIiai s yUUK-mar- w, nrrm.trannnal iuwiiubMv f and-collcgc-bill- would not wait whilst tho- - sr- bread-winne- r took time to produce an "Adam Bede," or an "Aurora Leigh." Mrs. Oh'phant's fatal gift of versatility, joined to the need, to keep things going, have been the causes whih have deprived her of a lasting reputation. Her pen was so facile that she is said to have offered to write' a whole number of lUticJcu'voifs 'Magazine herself. "Tq. write was as easy as to smile, and the pen which was at ease with the glories of the Paradiso and the intricacies of Irvingism, could also discourse of Alphonse Daudet and Boating on the Thames. When Mrs. Oliphant wrote "Katie Stewart," specialising even in literature was not a moral obligation; when she finished her "Annals of a Publishing House," the era had arrived when he or she who specialises not is lost. Had the problem not existed, it. is possible Mrs. Oliphant might have had a high place among novel writers of the second class. With her imaginative works we are not concerned' here, but much of Mrs. Oh'phant's best writing is to be found in works which are not fiction. The informal series of books of which "The Makers of Florence" and "Royal Edniburgh" are good examples, have much graceful literary writing in them. They are not deep, their readers must supplement their information by a study of more accurate authorities, but such parts as the opening chapters of the "Makers of Modern Rome" are gems that one would not give for a wilderness of facts. Mrs, Oh'phant's' own particular gift of sympathy had the happy result of making her a successful biographer, and she had the satisfaction of making popular the lives of such widely different men as Edward Irving, Laurence Oliphant and Principal TullochMrs. Oliphant's worth to the generation which comes after her lies probably, not in her charm as a novelist, not in her. facility as a biographer, not in her weight. as . an historian, not in her beauty of vision as an expornU er b f the wa y s of the Un seen, but in her example to women who, like herself, may be left with a moderate talent as the only means of carrying on the battle of life. The story of her own life has more interest in it than any novel Mrs. Oliphant wrote. The early life in London with the shadow- - of coming trouble; the. removal to Italy and the death there of the su ffering husband; the pathetic loss of every ''woman child;'-th- e return tcTEdinburgh. and the kindly help; ever-prese- nt bread-and-butt- er dry-as-du- st - . .. of permanent. settlement at Windsor. and the Herculean sons at Eton efforts to keep the and Oxford; the adoption of her nieces and the care of her helpless brother; the the-Blackw- ood familyi-t- he ill-fat- ed haven of happy holidays in her native land and across the channel;' all make up a history with more of sorrow happiness of one uhoTTcfic i u ( 6 ti:c 1 Wr &1f rr ? rtrvci:d. ' r RVfW 