WOMAN'S EXPONENT THOUGHTS BY THE WAY. down to be just a household oracle, GROWING YOUNG. To, grow young, may be a paradoxical expression, but it may be a possibility for all that not in years, of course, but in manner and feeling. I know, and you readers of the Exponent know, two beautiful examples of this paradox; perhaps we know more, but standing boldly before the women of Zion today, in this respect, are our two beloved leaders in Woman's work,"Aunt Bathsheba" and "Aunt Em." Their secret I don't know, unless it has always been their wonderful work, always thinking and planning for the advancement and care of others, uncomplainingly and unselfishly, giving their time and talent to the betterment and building up of womankind, and yet withal so sweet and womanly, so tender and so tiue. We had a party this lovely month of May, when all nature breathed loveliness and perfume, when all the hills were crowned with verdure and bright flowers, and the orchard trees put on their loveliest apparel of pink and white. What time more fitting for a party? What day more fair than dear Aunt Bathsheba's birthday? and she the fairest of all, Why not forget sometimes that we are growing old? In fact at such a time it would be hard to believe we were. At any rate, on this day time stood still, and those who looked and participated in this y party all were young again, and the youngest and gayest of us all was she in whose honor we met, though her years Dressed in might number eighty-fou- r. silk of soft rare with white, shimmering lace, we called her that day Queen, and we brought her flowers in wreaths and garlands beautiful lilies of the valley and fragrant apple blossoms, and we crowned her, as in the long ago as children we used to play and choose among our number, some fair," beautiful companion and make her "Queen of the May." We brought her gifts, sang her songs, told her our love, and read to her heart poems. And why? "Just because we loved her so." Oh, how blessed to come so near the "end of the way" in such serenity of soul assured of our heart of a perfect well spent life! Blessed, a thousand times blessed is she, our beloved leader our dear Aunt Bathsheba. Modern grandmothers. When I was a little gid I used to feel as though a great injustice had been done me, because I never had a grandma; and now, as the years have passed, I don't know but what I still think the same; for surely, the yery dearest, sweetest things in all this world are the grandmothers. Long years ago we used to picture the grandma like a set piece of furniture in the house, sitting ever in the chimney corner, in an rocking chair, dressed in a black frock and a large apron, a small, shawl on her shoulders and d a capon her head, her hands always busy with flashing knitting needles or darning the family stockings; at evening telling the children stories of her own childhood, or of how childien were taught to behave in her young days; of the dear, quaint manners of the long ago, with the stately minuet and the powdered wigs, and the buckled shoes. Doesn't it seem strange that dames of that day should ever settle May-Da- old-fashion- three-cornere- ed 67 understand but could not express, "A creature fresh from the hand of God-That freshness of heart, that vitality, ot the times? that purity of mind and purpose, illuBut the nineteenth century was the mined all the years of her life, and shone woman's century, and mothers of that from the coffined face whereon "joy of day kept pace with the times, and they the departing spirit had left its impress-became grandmas' with their advanced In her the friendless found a friend; deas and education. A wonderful transher heart had room and comfort for the formation took place, so that the twentitempted and distressed; and in the hour eth century baby finds its grandma of sorrow, sickness and death how many have turned to Mary Gray, sure of dressed hearts busy, woman, in the best and latest of apparel, with sympathy, of help and support, such as hands flashing with jewels instead of knitcomes only from hearts "wherein the She has her clubs and pure love of God aboundeth." ting needles. her philanthropic work. She sits on Mary Elizabeth Russell was the eldest school boards and civic leagues, and ardaughter of Isaac and Mary Walton Rusgues and works for the renovation of sell, and was born in the city of Toronto, cities and the hygienic and artistic conCanada, Feb, n, 1833. dition of our public schools; and someAfter the death of her father, in 1844, times she, too, at evening, tells us stories the family settled in the vicinity of Richof the long ago in most perfect and demond, Missouri, where they remained unlightful phraseology, and she always has til the year of 1861; in the spring of that something sweet and good in her pretty year commenced the long journey to Salt reticule, so she is jnst as sweet and dear, Lake City, arriving at that place on the and much more interesting, than the 13th of September. Mary E. Russell was married to Angrandma of long ago. What though her hair be white, it is dressed in the latest drew Scott Gray, March 15, 1862; she style, with combs and pins becoming, was the mother of eight children, four and the lines in the sweet face may but boys and four girls, of whom five survive mark the care she may have felt for us, her- They are Andrew, John, Mary W., and both give a halo and refinement beGeorge R. Gray, Jennie I. Tanner and well Lucy R. Davey. tokening spent yearsAll hail the new grandmother! She is Mary Gray was a faithful Latter-da- y Saint up to the time of her death, and a just one symbol of an advanced age. and A. W. C. true devoted wife and mother. Her duties were in connection with the public sit- ting quietly by, while the younger folks have all the variety and all the pleasure " " amar-yelous- up-to-da- ly te - - MARY GRAY. Thou art gone to the grave, we no longer behold thee, Nor tread the rough path of the woi Id by thy side. Gone from our mortal gaze indeed, but not to the grave; the bright, beautiful spirit, freed from the cares of earth and the fetters of age, has but followed its loved ones, and there is joy in the home, "Not builded by hands." today because of her. Tears and sobs, the heritage of mortality, fell upon her pillow, and broke upon the stillness of death, as she passed into her last long sleep; but smiles and songs of joy the rapture of delayed reunion, met her there.. How many who read the dear familiar name will remember with full hearts how the "rough paths" were almost pleasant places where she led the way. With feet that never faltered, and a heart whose deep springs of love and abiding faith never failed, she stood, even in the days of her youth, a strength and support to her widowed mother and family, and won for herself many lifelong friends among the strangers with whom their lot was cast. No difficulty could bar her way, no frown of fortune daunt her brave true heart; shadows and doubt and dismay fled from her bright presence as mist before the morning sun. The writer looks back from this far distant land, down through the dim shadows of years that have come and gone, to the old home, where "Mary" was to her childish eyes the embodiment of all that was beautiful and lovely in life; the picture is there still, will never fade, will never grow dim, and above it, Mem-or- y writes the words that the child might Relief Society, of which she was a member from the time it was first organized, and a counselor to President Sarah M. as first counKimball; she was selor to H. A. Badger, which position she held until the Fifteenth Ward was divided, in March, 1903, part of the ward being joined to the Fourteenth and the other to as it was then. the Twenty-fourt- h Sister Gray passed from this life Nov. 21st, 1905, after a short illness, while visiting relatives and friends in Idaho Falls, Idaho, her husband, Andrew Scott Gray having preceded her May 8th, 1899. ed Millicent. IN MEMORIAM. Inasmuch as our Heavenly Father in His infinite wisdom and mercy has seen fit to remove from our midst by the hand of death, on the 23rd of Febru- ary, 1906, SISTER EMILY ELSMORE LEV.TS, Be it resolved that we hereby extend our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved husband and children, and to all who shall miss her loving service and the refining influence of her noble character; and be it further Resolved by the officers and missionaries of the Salt Lake Slake Relief Society, in which corps Sister Lewis was a faihful and efficient member, that we cherish her memory as a sacred inheritance and emulate her good example; furthermore be it Resolved that we acknowledge the Father's will e in our loss and bow to the mandates of an Creator who doeth all things well; for All-wis- He who marks the sparrow's fall Is now as ever over all; And unto those who do His will He brings sweet comfort. "Peace be still." Be it further resolved that a copy of these resolutions be filed on the Stake records of the Salt Lake Stake Relief Society, and also be published in the Woman's Exponent, Hattie C. Jensen, Harriet B. IIarkf.r, Committee. 