wkf I IL I UJc IIU11UU1LI I 1 V cotlfl straw bonnet inmmeu wuu mhita ribbon, long strings tied in a bow under the chin, and a dainty muslin dress and lace scarf; always stately and somewhat majestic, a woman one would be sure to notice more that casually. One wonders in looking backward :in fhncA riav5? of earlv pioneer life, how the women of that period had the courage to face the situation, and adapt themselves to the conditions and surroundings withal, and to mingle in the social festivities and amusements that were part and parcel cf the primitive life in the settlement of these I have only given you a taint glimpse oi me woman, whusc via entitles her to the honor of "The Elect Lady" in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in which she stands ll. ix . among women, . . I ...'.tU. ; valleys-Unfortunatel- y j pre-emine- nt THE LAW RELIEF SOCIETY SOCIAL. The Relief Society of the Second Ward scored a complete success in its Progressive Lunch party at Richfield recentlv. The affair was held on the lawn of I. K. Wright, which had been placed at the disposal of the Society. The lawn was brilliantly lighted with electric lights. Tables were arranged on the lawn.' Each table was laid for ten persons. The progressive part of it consisted of the lunch being served in five courses, one at each table. At first table the course was served and the second course at the next table and so on until the fifth and last one was reached. ' The first ten at table were allowed ten minutes in which to dispose of the tempting viand? offered at this table when the dinner bell summoned them to move to the second, when ten more took their places at table number, one. This continued during the evening. -- The menu was all that could be desired. The most delicate viands were served and the ladies who prepared it are deserving of all praise for the daintiness that characterized it. The band paraded Main street to attract attention to the lawn social after which it discoursed music on the lawn while the lunch was being served. The mandolin and guitar club was present and rendered several pretty selections, Jonathan Lloyd of the local music firm had an Edison Phonograph stationed on the lawn and did excellent service in entertaining the people. In addition to the above musical talent a splendid program of vocal and instrumental music was rendered. Prof. Wilcox rendered a violin solo, 'The Mocking Bird'- - with variations. This was so well rendered that an encore was demanded, and Mr. Wilcox responded with Schuman's "Traumerie," which was- - aisu 3picuufuxjr uuucj - iuiss Lr?iva Stewart sang a beautiful solo entitled trA Dream," which showed the beautiful tone quality of her voice.to perfection. Reginald Brain gave as a piano solo a selection from "Faust, " which was well received. Mrs. Lulu Peterson sang 'Merrily I Roam" in splendid stvle, Mrs Elea nor HeDnter Thfv ()M (laUn f a? mi T...l.:iM ...i.L ij:ji . nrrnmnahist. I J ' very effectively with Miss - . . .. (' fev. tlimhfpatid ' offerings, by etfarnph . ISy spe- dered by Miss Sadie Seegmflle cial request John Hood sang The Cat 5. Courage for the Duties of Came Back," and to a" prolonged demand Exercise . Life. for an encore he responded with. Didn t Show the necessity of having a knowl- - ' Botr songs suited the He Ramble." edge that'our course in life is in accordaudience. , the ance with the will of. God, that our faith When this program was completed . This in Him may be, exercised unto life and mammoth pie was brought-forthsalvation. Show also that sacrifice is was made in a wash tub and each parcents-wanecessary to obtain certain blessings. ticipant for the small sum of ten all that Doc. and Cov. Sec. 6; Psalms, 27: 14, allowed one piece of the pie with was attached to the end of the string. 31: 24; James II: contained Some of the things the pie Exercise C. Parents should Live the Gos-pecaused much merriment. -- A' prize had been offered for the most How grand is the organization of the graceful eater and at the close of the Latter-daevening's enjoyment Mr. Hayes made the Church of Jesus Christ of announcement that Samuel Chidester had .Saints. Show that thevarious institu The booby tions are for the training of the young in been awarded the prize. prize went to two of Richfield's popular religious and moral culture, and that all should give these organizations their supyoung ladies. port and derive the benefits therefrom. The entertainment was designed to secure funds for putting a new roof on Mrs. Explain why example should be coupled Johnson's cottage, the lady is a widow with precept. Show what is expected of and in distressed circumstances, r The the parents that the children may get a receipts will fully cover the expense of religious training. Show that peace and this laudable object. The Relief Society contentment will abide in the home where certainly made a hit with their lawn families live the Gospel. R S. social. Exercise 7. He most lives, who thinks most, feels MOTHERS' WORK the noblest, acts the best. Seek to live above the vain and foolish thing of the ALBERTA STAKE. world. Doc. and Cov., Sec. 88: 121. Exercise i Parents, the Child's first Studv and learn. Doc. and Cov., Sec 88: Teacher. 118; Prov. 1: 5, John 6: 45. of be the to Children principles taught Doc. and the Gospel, Cov., page250,com-mencin- g Exercise 8. Show gratitude for blessings received, at the 25th verse. Watch and and acknowledge the hand of God in all pray always, lest ye euter into temptaTeach things. Doc. and Cov., Sec. 59: 21; Job tion. Ill Nephi, page 518, the child to pray, and how to pray, and 1: 21; 2: 10. Whatever principle we atshow the necessity of its being brought tain unto in this life,. will rise with us in the resurrection, and every blessing reup in the light and truth. Doc. and Cov. page 251, 33; page 331, 36. 40. Show how ceived from God, is through obedience to His laws. Doc. and Cov., 138: 18 21. and when obedience, faith and repentance, should be taught in the home to Exercise 9 Word of Wisdom. bring the best results. Given for a principle with promise. Doc. Exercise 2 Moral Development. and Cov., Sec. 89: Sec. 88: 114; I Cor., Certain conditions are indispensable for 13th chap. ; Doc. and Cov., Sec. 88: 125. the protection of children from immoral Prepare exercise and give views on these practices. Cleanliness of mind and body, subjects. fresh air, wholesome food and healthful exercise, constant parental watchfulness. Exercise 10.- - Women's Privileges. Good literature. Pure and elevating Revelation given to Emma Smith. Doc. home influence. Proper associates. Mention some of the best books for children. and Cov., Sec. 25. Promises to those who serve the Lord., Doc. and Cov., Sec. 76: (Juvenile Instructor, Yputh's Companion, v' Louisa M. Allcotts Works, St. Nicholas, Stories of Animal and Plant Life. Show the necessity of keeping the child's mind Exercise 11. Ethical Duties in the Home. on objects of an elevating nature. No pleasure can excel the joys of a Find some references, Dr. Maeser "School, and happy home. ' Parents should exercise Fireside." proper control over the child. Never, Exercise 3 Truthfulness a Protection punish in anger, teach the better way. Do not. always bring.the children's faults Against Other Sins. before them, but commend their' good Truth is the rock foundation of every deeds, that their minds may build upon good character. Truth is courageous, it goodness rather than evil. Show that is always power. Lying is the sacrifice of children's rights should be respected by honor. Show that a child that has been their seniors and by each other. Teach' trained to speak the truth will develop our children Loyalty to God, country, laws . moral courage. and home. - s, 14-2- 3. l. y 16-2- 1; 18-2- 2. . 5-- io. " ; V ' ," Exercise 4. Keep the Sabbath Day Holy. Keep the Sabbath day to sanctify it. Deut. 5, Isa. 58,. Doc; and Sec.Col-- : Page 224, 68: 20. Tithes and offerings. Malachl, chap. 3. Doc. and Cov., Sec. 1 19. Teach'our children the 12-15- .; 13-1- - "Adeline" solo, piano A 4. ' Exercise 12. Give exercise onTsbme woman, whose " life is recorded in the Bible. - - . Mary"LtWoolf, President, 