:tiOMAX!$ EXPONENT. -- VIome Amusements,"...... ...... Emily sVkiw Praver in trie Home.... ences theTnspired columns of our Exponent. 7 . ' Dear ister Smith, though only a few of us attend conference,' there 'are thousands whose hearts are loyal tothe.oflic-er- s of our great organization and-tthe Relief Society cause, and they are with you in spirit today. To all these thousands, were they present, vou would extend a welcome, and from these thousands, scattered throughout the stakes of Zion and missions of the world comes the response of a "God bless you and those who are called to labor with you;', . nrvuua n. uixon. tsig Horn Susan Grant of Davis Stake 'Flarmony,"......-- . on theIIorae Relations, , "Thoughts :r-r-- Prest' H.W.Smith Sweet Home.". "Home Song, .....'...Lizzie Thomas Edward .. Dismiss us." Hymn. "Lord Minnie II. James Prayer . . The Seer".. John Taylor Prof. Charles Ktut The subject, ''Relief Society," will be led by General Treasurer Clarissa S. Williams. "Best Methods of Disbursing Relief Society Funds," discussed by Armeda Snow Young of Granite Stake and Henrietta Wright of ..... Benediction, Hilda II. Larson, Jordan. Testimony meeting Monday, Oct. 8, place to be announced later. Opening testimony Jane S. Richards and Julia P. M. Farns- worth. Reception to representatives from Stakes Thurs-daevening. Place to be announced later. Addresses .'. fulina L. Smith. Emmeline B. Wells and a P. Jenninge. Officers' meeting, Assembly Hall, Oct. 5. 4:30 Pri-cill- p m. THE GENERAL CONFERFNCE OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. The conference of the Relief Society was held on Thursday, October 4, the day previous to the General Conference of the Church; the program, as published in this issue, was carried out; it was a new departure from the usual method of reports from stake officers. The exercises were well rendered, and the music, both instrumental and vocal, was very fine indeed, and was inspiring in its tendency and effect. The address of welcome by the General President, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, was dignified in tone and sentiment, and altogether worthy of the woman and the large and influential organization for which she spoke so nobly and in terms of endearment that touched all hearts. The response from Sister Ella L. S. Udall, president of St. John's stake, was read clearly and distinctly by Sister Clarissa S. Williams, by request of the writer, who could not be present in person. semi-annu- al response. -- semi-annu- al know. workings. ; , the fact that you, dear president.have been spared to us to testify of the divinity of the mission of our beloved Prophet and the inspiration that attended him in organizing and instructing our sisters of the fiist Relief Society, of which you were a member and the only one still with us. We are thankful for the inspiration and strength given our work by President Joseph F. Smith and his associates. We arethankful for the faithful labors during these many years of our Secretary, dear Aunt Emmeline Wells and all the members of the General Board. We are thankful for the visits of the sisters who travel throughout the various stakes, giving counsel and sympathy and encouraging the Saints to renewed efforts in their labors. , As a band of sisters who come to Salt Lake from time to "time to attend our conferences, we wish to express our appreciation to the presiding officers for their efforts to make our visits pleasant and profitable. We feel it a blessed privilege in the receptions tendered to mingle spiritually and socially with our work. We leaders in this greatLatter-dacherish the memories thus afforded us. Though coming from points far distant, with many of us to come to Salt Lake is to return to childhood's home,"that dearest spot on earth." How tender the recollections these visits call up -- the ties of home and parents, of friends, and of the noble men and women ordained to lay the foundations of our prosperous commonwealth. We miss them, yet we rejoice in meeting those who remain. With the ecstacy of youth we look upon the familiar and historic landmarks, the lofty mountains and the crystal streams. With subdued emotions we visit the "silent city," wherd are resting v loved ones gone before. From all of these we turn our eyes upon the Temple,whose majestic spires first greet us as we enter the City. Our hearts overflow with gratitude as we gaze upon this House of the Lord and ponder over the opportunities for which it is symbolic. What a splendid close to our stay in your midst is the spending of a few days within its sacred walls, attending to ordinances, for our dead, and receiving renewed faith and courage; for the work assigned us in our Father's vineyard- ; of Zion success the for Ever praying : and the Relief Society thereof, Yoursister infthe cause of Truth, v " Beloved President, Officers and Members of the Relief Society: How blessed are those today who are privileged to sit within this sanctuary and lis t e n to words o f welcom e, counsel and encouragement from our president and her able corps of helpers. Indeed, how blessed are all of Zion's Relief Society workers through . these representative gatherings of our organizations. No one will gainsay that to a degree all may be partakers of the spirit and light that characterizes our conferences. Many of those present . It fills our hearts with joy to contemplate the progress our organization has made since the. Prophet Joseph "turned the key. in. behalf of woman. "We marvel at the completeness and beauty of its We appreciate Celestia Young Pack of Summit Sarah Jenne Cannon "The Member".........: Hattie Bennion Harker "The Missionary".... Carrie S. Thomas "The Meeting"....-- . "The Lord is Mindful of His Ohh" ..Mrs. H. M. Dinwoodty , . . . thatthesocieties throughout the -- E7LT S. Church are given new life and strsngth the reports brought from the confer . St. John's, Ariiona. 1 Udall. tt ' Practical EducatioY by- - Counselor.. Smoot Dusenbery was admirably treated and illustrated with story-tellininner " Sister characteristically happy manner. A. Holbrook, who introduced the Emily "Home," made a brilliant, setting of the . n subject, followed by Sister Eniily S." Amusements, giving some pretty ot ideas making ome pretty and attractive by devising simple methods of enters tainment, celebrating birthdays of the lit-tfolks, and referred to celebrating one ninetieth anniversary in her own home. Prayer in the home was the subject giyen to v Sister Avilda H. Dixon, who could notcome to the conference, but Sister Belva Sessions took the subject and in her remarks, mentioned Apostle Woodruffs promise to her husband, which was this: T promise-yo- u in the name of the Lord that if you will read a chapter in the Bible, sing a ;hymn and have prayers in your home daily, your children will never disgrace Sisyou. and teach this to the people." ter Susan Grant spoke on "Harmony in the Home," referred to the Holy Spirit as essential in producing harmony, thought we should always keep the channel of communication open between us and our Heavenly Father by prayer President B. W. Smith said she ought to feel very proud and say a great deal, but felt she would like some one else.and called upon Sister Ruth M. Fox, the rep- . o Afternoon. 2 p. m Hymn. "Come, Come ye Saints." Dr. M. C. Roberts Praver to the Man." "Praise Hymn. "The Companionship of President John Talor and the Prophet," .............. Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde Sevirr. "The Teacher'".. 20: g, j Rich-ards'o- ie resentative of the Y. L. M. I. A., who was on the stand and who spoke of our boys and girls, referring to the Primary Associations and Religion Classes and alluded to one woman in a railroad town who gathered the little children round about in her home at 8 o'clock in the morning and gave them a religious lesson. Mrs. Lizzie- Thomas Edward sang "Homer" Sweet Home" very sweetly, which was a fitting refrain to close with. At the afternoon session, after the opening exercises, Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde spoke upon the "Companionship of President John Taylor and the Prophet," a subject fraught with the deepest interest. Sister Hyde could barely touch a few important points in.the time, but she spoke with great depth of feeling and earnestness and with great emotion, and certainly had the sympathy of the entire audience, who appreciated the effort it must be, to giveveven so, brief a sketch of such a vast and comprehensive subject. Prof. Charles Kent sang "The Seer," with so much power and enthusiasm as to bring all hearts into sympathetic harmony with the music. -- Sister Clarissa S. Williams introduced "The Relief Society," giving in its largest sense its magnitude and importance, and her own ideals and idealism concerning its present and future growth and progress. .Mentioned .how rnarvelous the past of the society had been, and made statements of earnest efforts that had: come under her own observation.. Sister Williams was followed by those whose names are on the program who each treated the subject assigned to her in a helpful and most kindly manner, giving personal knowledge and observation of practical methods and ideas of helpfulness that had been successfully carried., out ' resulting in timely ..v"' " aid and benefit." At' the cl ose;of these exercises Prof. McClellan rendered a magnificent solo on - ; - some-defini- ter -- -- , . : ; ; 