WOMAN'S EXPONENT 70 bye?" There is no regret when we think of Gladys and her beaut ful life. Gladys, who sleeps far away from her chid hood home. Gladys was the second child of Joseph snd Emilv Hill Wocdmansee, and was born in Salt Lake" City, March 13, 1865. and died February 26, 1006, in Juarez, Mexico Her loving shter Evelyn ministered by her bed side, and soothed her in her hours of pain, Her heart yearned over her little ones, and wis:fullv her eyes rested upon them, until they were closed by the chill of death. For them she desired and strove to live Often she spoke of the fragile, little mother far away and the precious ones whom she would see do more in life. Gladys was of a bright, cheerful disposition, a companion to and a lover of her mother. Kind and trr.eand even as a child, she was never known to shirk a duty. She was affable and loving to a d and happv. fault, always the same, These characteristics endeared her to family and friends. The ties of motherhood unfolded her beautiful nature, like the rose that expands beneath the sun's warm rays A loving, conscientious wife, a tender mother, a firm friend, this and more can be said of her To her faith her heart was loyal and true; to labor for it, her delight. She held several positions of trust, even in her girlhood days, in the organizations of the Twentieth Ward, her home ward, where she is lovingly remembered. She was of a literary turn of mind, and did some fine work while with us in the Utah Woman's Press Club. It is with regret that we part with such an active, brilliant member. Her funeral, which occurred February 27, was an occasion cf sadness. Though the leading brethren said .so many beautiful things of her, though all were loth to patt with one so estimable, faithful and diligent, and the home made desolate because of her absence was spoken of, yet all hearts turned to the mother, whose health would not permit that she should learn of her death until long after she was laid in the tcmb Amid silent tears of sorro the following poem, composed by that mother, to comfort some other heart in distress, was rea i from the stand, then sung by request: light-hearte- Directors. President M. Isabella Home chose her as one of her Counselors to fill a vacancy caused by the death of Sister PhebeW. Woodruff in the General Retrenchment Association, that always met in the i4th ward, while Sister Horne was living; Sister Stevenson often presided in the absence of the President. Sister Stevenson was a charter member of the Reapers' Club organized in October, 1892, and was its Treasurer for many years and at the time of her decease. In all the various places she filled she was trustworthy, and interested, she was punctual and strict in the performance of duty, never known to shirk any task She was however hard, or difficult. in minded a high degree and her spiritual in every place; a first was always religion woman of sterling integrity to the Gospel and willing to make any sacrifice, in obedience to divine law or principle. Sister Stevenson will be remembered for good works by the Saints here and elsewhere.she visited her native home in 88 and traveled through parts of England with her husband attending meetings and speaking to many audiences large and small on Gospel subjects, her faith was always her theme on all occasions public or private. She has left us now and surely her reward will be eternal life in the mansions of glory. She will be generally missed, perhaps most of all among the sick and afflicted. It may well be said of her "She stretcheth out her hand to the poor, yea, she reachelh forth her hands to the needy." semi-monthl- y grand. Died at Franklin, Oneida County, Idaho, Mon-daApril g, 1906, of general debility and heart failure, Sister Elizabeth Fox. Sister Fox was baptized at Leeds in 1851. and finally with a determination to remain true to the testimony which she had received, she sacrificed home and friends for the gospel's sake and came to this country, arriving in Salt Lake in Si ptemb r, 1861, Elder Milo Andrus being president of the company. Af er remaining at the home of Elder Phineas Young for two weeks she went to Lehi, where she marr.ed Charles E. Fox in February, 1862. In 1863 Brother and Sister Fox came to Franklin. Both were members of the Franklin Ward choir for a number of years. Sister Fox acted as a teacher in the Franklin Relief Society for several years, afterwards becoming its president, which position she filled for eight years. On April 19, t88i, she was appointed president of the Relief Society of the Oneida Stake, presiding with marked success for more than sixteen years Her genial disposition won for her the love of all with whom she was associated, which amounted almost to devotion. Besides a son and daughter. Mr. Joseph B. Scarborough, of Franklin, and Mrs Annie Hatch, wife of Bishop L. L. Hatch, of Franklin, Sister Fox is survived by twenty grandchildren and 13 v, ; Bid her now a fond adieu; Brief the parting, glad the meeting That shall nearest ties renew. True and tender, self denying, One of Truth s disciples brave-- Let her sleep, she needs to slumber, In the quiet, peaceful grave. Shall we mourn for one who's left us? Yes, our tears we needs must blend; Love's own off'ring this we owe thee, Faithful mother, faithful friend. RESOLUTIONS. Whereas the Eternal Father, in His infinite wisdom has called our beloved sister, Elizabeth Fox, from our midst; and Whereas Sister Fox has been closely connected with the Relief Society of the Oneida Stake for a number of years, and having been a teacher in the Franklin Ward for seven years, also president of that organization for about eight years, and later Stake president for more than sixteen yesrs. We, the stake officers, representing all the branches of the Relief Society of the Oneida Stake; detire to express our great appreciation of her integrity, and wish to extend our deepest sympathy to the members of her family in their sad bereave- While we look for consolation Unto Him, "the strong to save," Friend and sister, sweetly slumber In the quiet, peaceful grave. It was so appropriate, and seemed like her mother's voice blending with the words that had been uttered. Gladys is not dead, but liveth unto life eternal. Wi h one of old we can exclaim Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever." Lydia D. Alder. we call them lost, our onward road? God's unseen angel o'er our pathway crossed, Looktd on us all, and loving her the most, Straightway relieved her from.lile's weary load," Eeccause we miss them from ment. Therefore be it resolved that we tender our sympathy to her son and daughter and their families; be it further Resolved that these resolutions be recorded in the records of the Relief Society of this Stake.and that a copy be presented to the bereaved family and also to the Deseret News and Woman's Expo-ne- GDNE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN. "whom the gods love tie young." IN MEMORIA.M. The festive scene, the light, the gay, .The tales of old forgotten long; The glimm'ring light that fades away, The notes that wail some dead love song. It's the way that happiest moments flee awav, songs and laughter die upon the air, and desolation falls upon the fairest scenes. Music throbs out its life a d life itself vanishes away. Such thoughts as these fill the mind when one who is dear is suddenly called to another life. The Sarah E, Harrison. ELIZABETH BROOK FOX. Resting now from care and sorrow, Resting from fatigue and pain; Faithfully she fought life's battle, Death to such is endless gain. Gad hath gathered home her spirit, God hath taken what He gave-Friend and sister, sweetly slumber In the quiet, peaceful grave. All her warfare is accomp'ished, 1 ''The loved and lost, why do first counselor to Sister Wilhelmina Olsen and for a number f rears she filled that position until about 7 years ago when she was honorably released on account of her extreme age. She was a very energetic worker never tiring in her labors. Her nature was angelic and especially to the poor and afflicted and those that were cast down; htr religion was to her the dearest thing of her life; the retained her bright and noble min'l to her death, declaring a few moments before she died that she never had a doubt, but knew the Prophet Joseph Smith was sent of the Lord; her memory was remarkable, also her eyesight, never using spectacles; she was one of the most remarkable f f women; filled up her long life and. won to herself a crown that is prom sed to the faithful. In England she used to distribute tracts and made some converts that have gathered here that looked upon her with great reverence. She entertained many times'at her home President Joseph F. Smith and many prominent leaders of the Church, also many missionaries. They loved to be in her company acknowledging she was of sterShe died as she had lived a faithful ling worth. Latter-da- y Saint, and her light will shine before her children both ia time jnd eternity. God grant her children may live as she has lived. A large concourse of people attended her funeral which was held in the ward meetinghouse. Brother Joseph E. Taylor of Salt Lake Citv, preached her funeral sermon; also Bro. Walter Williams who was well acquainted with her from hoyhood giving glowing tributes to her life work. Miss Judith Anderson of Salt Lake City sang beautifully two numbers; the floral tributes were last time we met rise vividly before us. Did we part in kindness? Did we lovingly say "gocd welcome with her affable manner, and kindly spirit. In the Relief Society of the 14th ward she began her benevolent work as a teacher, and for fifteen years visited regularly, then she filled the position of Counselor to the President until her removal to the 1 8th ward. Early in the missionary work among the stakes of Zion, Sister Stevenson began to visit among the sisters with Sister Zina D. H. Young, the President, and others; she has traveled and attended sisters' conferences in almost every stake of Zion and many of the wards and missions, her labors have been untiring in this department of Relief Society work, and there is abundant proof that her work has been appreci- ated. When the Relief Society was incorporated in October, 1892, she was one of the incorporaters and was present at that important meeting and acted as secretary pro tem, was sometime afterwards made a member of the Board of HARRIET WILSON. xt My mother Sister Harriet Wilson, died March 23rd, 1906, aged 92 5 ears. She was born July 7th of life for p blication. at Fendon in Derbyshire, England, "Embraced the gospel in the year 1847. Emigrated to Utah in September 1871 residing in Salt Lake Louisa B Benson, Pjesident. Hannah B. Mickleson, Lucy B. Parkinson, to Sandy and lived here until her death. Soon after coming to Sandy she was chosen Phebr A. 1813, , City, keeping j a s' ore until 1878, when she came Counselors. I M. McNeil, Secrearty. 