28 " w oman s neciall V those,.. who lw fh unaccountable thatcitj-under-su- ch " j conneciea ana unci wwu willbe delighted to know individual life. . of the people has changed The Smith cottage m Vermont, the that the spirit so persecuted in those. birthplace of the Prophet Joseph and towards' and that they would be glad to where stands the marble monument the past, dwell there again. erected to his memory (his uncle and the have them come and President Smith must have had wonbosom friend of the Patriarch of the and in many instances, almost Church, his own father), and now through derful, emotions in visiting the his instrumentality all made beautiful in can its restoration, and a place where those scenes of his early childhoodwe scarcely say his boyhood days, for he who visit may recall the scenes and memories of the past of this most wonderful would only have been seven years old time of the man among men. Then the grove where when he left Nauvoo at the and soulful reministhe boy Joseph Smith, in his simplicity exodus. Tender awakened childish rechave seeking after truth, offered his first pray- cences mustas he viewed the places where er. One cannot attempt to enter into ollections, which 'the the feelings of the man now filling the such events had transpired of be told." Words fail to position his uncle first occupied, while he half can never of the story. Here and was standing as it were upon hallowed express a tithe collects and compiles ground, calling. up the scene enacted there the historian there so many years before. It must some of the most stirring episodes, but have been an experience in the soul they give only a faint.idea of the reality. In writing this article trying to depict such as no pen can portray. Only those who feel most intensely the sacredness of some of the emotions that must have immortal beings could have any idea of swayed the bosom of at least one of that the sublimity, and heavenly solemnity of party while visiting Nauvoo, on the shore ' of the Mississippi, one is reminded of such an occasion. Longfellow's song 'The Bridge": Farther on he stood upon the Hill sacred as the stronghold of the 'Ard like those waters rushing of Book the which from Among the wooden piers? golden plates A flood of thought came o'er roe, Mormon was translated. Another That filled my eyes with tears. place, full of wonderful memories, which the party also visited. was For my heart was hot and restless, Kirtland, Ohio.the first gathering place of first And mv Ife was full of care. Saints and where the the Latter-da- y And the burdec laid upon me temple erected in this dispensation was Seemed greater than I could bear. built by the Saints in the midst of trials and poverty.but wherein many great manYet whenever I cross the river ifestations were given that proved the On its biidge with wooden piers, Lord accepted the offering- Only a few Like the odor of brine from the ocean of the men and women are living today Comes the thought of other years. who were eyewitnesses in those gatherAnd I think how many thousands ing of the Saints in that then holy temOf men, ple, to testify of the power of God made Each bearing his burden of sorrow, manifest on many solemn occasions when Have crossed the bridge since then." the Saints were assembled for public worship, having come together fasting and President Smith could not possibly the with Jossometimes Prophet praying; have refrained from thinking of the his often and more in their midst, eph Saints crossing the river from Nauvoo to father, Joseph Smith, Sen. .the first Patri- the Iowa side in their exit'from their bearch in the Church;" and his revered loved homes, no doubt he remembers his mother, Lucy Smith, of blessed memory. own peculiar sensations as a child and the From Kirtland to Illinois the party attendant circumstances. wended their Way, visiting the jail at Again Longfellow: Carthage, which must have awakened a 'This is the place Stand still, my steed, variety of feelings and emotions inexpressLet me review the cene, ibly sad and replete with such memories And summon from the shadowy past of the terrible tragedy that took place The forms that once have been." there, as to be scarcely endurable by those whose loved ones had been so cruelly in cold blood. We draw the RELIEF SOCIETY PROGRAM. curtain upon this scene, the writer her self knows what a pall of blackness hung For the conference Octoover the city of Nauvoo, when the news ber 4, at the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, of the martyrdom came crushing like a presented by President Bathsheba W. thunderbolt in the midst of their sorrow, Smith, Thursday, October 4,lu m.,, Presat the imprisonment of the man so be- ident Bathsheba W, Smith presiding. loved and honored. Hymn, "Come Let Us Anew." The visit of the party to Nauvoo was, . Opening ;prarer....... .............. ... General Sec'y- - Em meline f B . Wells jet us nope and believe,' not only that it was enjoyable, but profitable, and a fore- Hymn, '.'Guide Us, O Thou Great Jehovah." ...... ; . ...................... .tsrunner of something favorable for the Greeting General President Bathsheba W. Smiith Church in that once famous "City Beau.....t... tiful." it is assuredly an omen for good Response ................. Ellen L. S. Udall of St. Johns Stake could not" possibly be otherwise to Report ..Gen. Treas. Clarissa S. Williams hold a conference there once" again; that Presentation of general officers.... ...... Gen. Sec'y E B. Wells fact of itself is significant. ....... President mith must have been grati-wit- h PracticalJEducation Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry this incident, among" 'many SoDrano Solo. " M v Western Hnme. Evan stepney others, in the visits" he "made here and there to people and places of historic celThe Subject, "The Home," will be led by" Emu 7 ebrity. The Saints everywhere, and es- A. Holbropk of Utah Stake....;,.,........"-- -' vt-vs.jje- hxponiznt es.' EMMELJNE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANS IE WELLS CAS X0X Assistant Editor. who-were- . Published . monthly, in Salt Lake 'City, Uuh Terms: one copv one year. Ji.oo; one copy six month deliv 50 cts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers cts. as red by mail, extra for postage one year, of nonpanel Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines A liberal month. I3.00. ace one time $2.50; per to regular advertisers. South I emple Exponent office Room 509 1 a.empleton. m. to 5 p. m., every Street: Business hours from 10 Sunday. day, except Address all business communications tr Mrs. E. B. .WELLS. Lake Ci v. Utah. d;S-t,u- salt were; so closely y. heart-rendin- g nt 1 -- Rnttre.l at the fostAJfict tn Salt Lake City, I t.ih, ut matter. t '.cold-clas- s g Octoher, Salt Lake City. Utah. " "1906-- r PRESIDENT SMITH'S VISIT ABROAD. One of (he noteworthy, events of the year, which we take pleasure in recording in these columns, is the visit of President Joseph F. Smith to the Saints in foreign lands. It is a new departure in the history of the Church, no other President while occupying that high position has ever visited the foreign missions. The Saints in the countries visited must have been overjoyed to. be able to see, and hear, and shake hands with one so universally beloved, and one whom they reverence, as called of God to lead His people Israel in this important period of time in the last dispensation. It is true that the President needed rest from his arduous labors, and it is verily true that a change is often a great benefit to both mind and body; nevertheless, he was undoubtedly urged by his friend, Brother, Nibley, to accompany him, as he was anticipating going abroad with some members of his family. Blessings on Brother Nibley for making it pleasant and possible for President Smith to have this lovely sea voyage, and meet his sons in the mission field, and the thousands of Saints whose hearts have been gladdened by his presence among them. President Heber J. Grant, now in charge of the European mission, would naturally be greatly delighted and benefited by the visit, and by traveling in the Presidents' company to the conferences visited, and the intimate association this labor implies. It will certainly be an attractive part in the President's that he will recall with genuine satisfaction in future years, even if he should never, visit these , countries again. Presumably the journey is fraught with incidents .that will result, in greater im- nrnvpmpnts nnrL lactinrr Kpnpfitc tr tVi Church, which has now become not onlv more numerous than formerly, but of vastly greater significanceJ in many re- i nnit'r w-- ti -a s if iis in ns nrpm pn r f temporally as well as spiritually, notwithstanding the opposition arrayed against its followers and discipljes. That influthe work is spreading in power-anence must be apparent to all who have ; eyes to see or hearts to perceive- During the journey homeward the places visited musThave beehxceliirjgTv interesting to all the party whd" traveled together, but especially so to President . , life-histo- ry ; . ? - 11 1 ' 1 1 d . . Cu-mora- h, . soul-inspiri- ng -- - care-encumber- ed . ' as-assina- ted semi-annu- 1 1 al .... '' 