WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 42 sister, to cheer her, but we may lend her a book to read at pleasure, and peradven-tur- e to the strengthening of her purpose, the cheering of her life and the edification of her mind. Likewise after reading a good book, pass it to a sister saying I It has incommend this book to you. me and structed may edify 3rou, and when you have read, return, that I may lend again. Another thought: Having done your part well be satisfied to relinquish the load to some stronger woman when you become weary. And now my sisters, God's choicest blessings be upon you, and peace be with you. Bathsheba W. Smith. President of the Church Relief Society in all the World. LECTURE GIVEN ON MOTHER'S WORK. HYRUM STAKE CONFERENCE. The' law cf chastity should be observed and we as parents are commanded to keep our bodies underiled and pure. Every wise and loving parent should desire to bestow on their offspring wholeNo ness and soundness in every part. one would think of conducting a common primary school without an order of exercises, and such a program of studies as shall by progressive steps cover the whole ground desired within the allotted time. If the class or school was left to chance or to the impulse of the moment it is pretty certain much would be overlooked and neglected, and much done out of place to little purpose. It is important, then, that our habits and traits and impulses should be such as will bless and not curse our offspring, important to have alLthese sources of influences wholly on the side of nobleness virtue and beauty of character in all reTo this end does it not behoove spects. every one who aspires to the God-lik- e honor of begetting a being in his or her own likeness to first enter in thorough and earnest upon the work of self-discipli- and moral ne Can any and spiritual purification? of be motive stronger conscientious to a than person presented this consideration affords? We cannot start too early in life to begin this work. Every child has rights which are as sacred as those of any o.her being, and among these is the right to be This hardly need be said, except for the thoughtlessness that often exists on the subject, of the forming and nurturing a young immortal being that is to enjoy or suffer throughout its existence, and that is to bless or curse its fellows on earth, through unknown generations, according to the .characteristics stamped on it by its parents. Parents should realize the responsibility involving upon them, and should act with intelligent forethought and should make the best preparation in themselves and their surroundings. In the past so little regard has been paid to the finer laws of adaptation, temporal and spiritual, and so seldom has the sacred right of the mother been delicately respected. nt well-bor- n. A child's birthright includes a full lov- ing welcome to the world; without this, what a pitiable object is a child! There is aid at hand to help us it we successfully seek and apply the agencies within our reach- - We must cease to use our stomachs and digestive powers for hot bread, pastry, greasy food and highly We must abstain from spiced dishes. narcotic and alcholic beverages, which under the guise of stimulating only weaken and lower the tone of the nervous system, creating a demand for more and more of the same deceptive stimulus until the unfortunate victim comes to imagine them necessaries of life. We must have our homes and apartments well ventilated, and we should content ourselves with the simple, nutritious, healthy food, chiefly from the vegetable kingdom, including cereals, fruits and nuts which experience shows most conducive to bodily soundness, mental vigor and moral purity. of a dirty face, then there will be no trouble to have them keep clean. Let the sunshine stream in our houses, health is more consequence than carpets; should set the example in all these matters, and the children will grow up in an atmosphere of purity and cleanliness and they will learn to shun everything unclean and impure, and will take pleasure in observing the laws of health with the greatest care. In fact, to be pure in the sight of the Lord great self denial is required through life. The body and its appetites and desires must be brought in 'subjection to the If we could impress on our chilspirit. dren's minds the wrong and injurious effects of tea, coffee, tobacco and intoxicating drinks and keep them from touching them, so they would not know the taste of these articles while they are growing, when they are grown they would not crave them, and children brought up free from the taste would not need to in this direction, but practice would practice instead, so as not to taste themMothers too frequently let their little children sip the tea and sometimes a little beer that they themselves have been drinking, and think it is very innocent, they do not think that by doing this they are creating in their children the taste for these beverages which may prove a plague to them through the rest of their lives. Teach them the importance of abstaining entirely from these things, and have them understand the counsel which the Lord Himself has given respecting them. Duty is always preferable to indulgence. par-ren- ts self-deni- al 5$! l St 3(C 3fC self-contr- ol - Thought and feeling should also be pure and elevating, there are reasons for believing that many physical and moral diseases have their origin in impure thoughts and evil passions. It is well known and generous affections that good-wil- l, tend to promote health of body and mind, It may take several generations of careful training and study on our part to rid ourselves of the incorrect ideas and practices that we have inherited, but there should be a steady upward march. Each generation should be an improvement on its predecessor; we have been called of God to gather out from Babylon, and one of the main objects being that we may be a purer and more perfect people. There are things we should teach our children from the heart, and which should be accompanied by the spirit and power of God, they are purity of thought and life, correct habits and everything that furnishes the child with a good, solid, moral endowment. The work of perfecting ourselves may be delayed through our not using the agencies at hand, but it must be pushed forward if we would be the people the Lord designed us to be. The work is before us, and we may as well apply ourselves with intelligence and zeal. It is our highest duty as parents to give our children our best thought and attention, for the Lord has given them as a precious trust, and if we allow them to go astray through our neglect the consequence will be serious. The personal companionship of parents is of exceeding value to our boys and girls, they should have in their mother a friend, a playmate and a companion, and should be on the most intimate terms, so there will be no concealment on the part of the child in thought or action. Young people lack experience, they are exposed to' many evils and fall frequently into many snares which if their parents understood they would be able to guard them against. Cleanliness is a part of our religion, we are told that the Spirit of God will not dwell in an unclean tabernacle; this applies to the outside as well as the inside. Many little children do not regard it' as any great pleasure, washing or being washed, but their pride should "be appealed to, they should be made ashamed Ella Woolf Baxter. R. S. REPORT. ST. JOSEPH STAKE. The Relief Society conference of the Joseph Stake convened at Thatcher, Dec. i, 1905, president Elizabeth Layton There were nine members of presiding. the Relief Society Stake Board present, the three Stake Presidency, and other leading brethren of the Stake. We have fourteen branches of the Society in the Stake, but owing to the long distance recent storms and high water, the eight outlying small wards were not represented, yet our attendance was very good. At the close of the morning meeting, we retired to a building near by where the Thatcher Society had lunch prepared for all. The statistical and financial reports were received from all the branches in the Stake, and our yearly report was read which shows an increase in membership, also in the average attendance, The main subjects spoken on were, punctuality order in our Church assemblies, and the storing of wheat. The last named subject is one that has caused much discussion, and still we have not been able to find any plan of keeping our wheat more than two years without handling it, and often then we have sustained great loss from the weavil. Our conference was the best ever held in the Stake. Both meetings were enlivened by choice vocal and instrumental selections. Fannie W. Kimball, Stake Sec. St- - 