Woman's Exponent. 6 The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, Vol. 34 CONTENTS. Lydia D. Alder Gladys (Poem) 65 Hattie Critchlow Jensen 66 True Patriotism Louisa Gray 66 Sketch of a Heroine Lou Lewis 66 Mothers' Work A. W. C. 67 Thoughts by the Way Millicent 67 Mary Gray Gone, But Not Forgotten Lydia D. Alder 70 In Memoriam 70 Tribute of Love Executive Session, Etc 71 A E. B. W. Relief Society Reports Editorial: A Pretty May Day Party 71 67 68 Earthquake and Fire Elizabeth J. Stevenson 68 68 GLADYS. O Gladys, fair with sunny hair, And merry eyes of changing blue, Tust as emotions soft are there, Or smiling mischief dances through. How oft I see thee as of yore, In happy girlhood's fleeting hour, Ere yet love's myst'ry wond'rous love Had stirred thy heart by magic power. So radiant thou before Love's shrine The world is all ablaze with love-J- oy, tremulous with love is thine, As witching as the worlds above. Ah! then togo is law divine A bride just at the threshold waits; Thrilled is her heart by thoughts sublime, Ere yet she leaves parental gates. A moment she communes 'tis past Then hand in hand the world they brave; No thought that shadows long must cast Their length upon one open grave. And wifehood brings thee mother love There thou didst tread with willing feet And from the realms of joy above, An infant makes thy bliss complete-Years pass away and round thy heart Cling buds of promise precious ties-T- hen from them all thou sad must part And wend thy way back to the skies. And Gladys fair with sunny hair In bridal robes is laid away. With sobs of pain, a tender prayer, Until the Resurrection day. Sigh ev'ning winds O breathe of love! Peace whispers where the idol sleeps; For glonous in the worlds above, She dwells for whom the mourner weeps. A Tribute of Love to Gladys, Who was laid to rest February 27, 1906. Lydia D. Alder, TRUE PATRIOTISM. "Lives there the man with soul so dead, Who never to himself hath said This is my own my native land!" Patriotism is one of the distinctive characteristics of the truly great man or No. 10 MAY, 1906 Ever since Adam was placed in the Garden of Eden, and was commanded to "till and take care of it to be happy and enioy himself" a love of home and country has burned more or less brightly in the hearts of all God's children, and will continue to do so until we all "come into our own. History gives us many noble examples of patriotic men and women, whose deeds of valor and heroic sacrifice we point to with pride. 'Tis a man's prerogative to fight the battles of his country. 'Tis a woman's to remain at home; perchance to weep but nevertheless valiantly taking upon herself the double responsibility of father and mother; but because her labor is performed, perforce, far from the scene of the bloody conflict, is she less patriotic than he who meets the foe face to face? No! a thousand times no! While her husband, father or brother is engaged in the struggle for supremacy, actively pushing by his own endeavors the outcome to a successful finish, be it in the halls of Congress where laws are made, whereby hang the destiny of nations, or on the field of battle his heart can but feebly realize the agonizing suspense of hope deferred, and the uncertainty of meagre detail in time of action, which is the common lot of the waiting ones at home. Woman's patriotism is best shown by her faith, and the outcome of the results she helped to obtain when she sends her loved ones from her saying: Fight for your country! Die if it need be; Stand true to your colors And God will defend thee! If she is gifted with her pen she will incite to fresh deeds of courage, and build up the flagging hopes of her countrymen. It is a much discussed question, "which is mighter the pen or the sword, " and the preponderance of opinion, I think, is in favor of the former. Every nation boasts of its patriots, and emblazoned upon the pages of its history there stand the sentiments and expressions of patriotic fervor which make for its people an ensign from which future generations may obtain inspiration for fresh deeds of glory. What woman has read the history of Madame Roland without a feeling of genuine admiration for her patriotism, and the courage she displayed when she mounted the scaffold for her execution, exclaiming: "Oh liberty, how many crimes are committed in thy name!" Our own country has produced examples of courage and perseverance, among women equal to and not exceled by any other. 'Tis true that since we became an independent nation and liberty and freedom of the press have been open to all, none have been required to sacrifice their lives to establish principles which are theirs by right of divine inheritance. But, should occasion require, we have many Madame Rolands among our countrywomen. Saints there is a Among the Latter-da- y strong feeling of patriotism a love of country which animates every breast, and while we are made up as a people from almost every nation under heaven, yet we all unite in singing: 'My country 'tis of thee Sweet land of Liberty Of thee I sing." The latter-da- y Saints when considering the limitations of their preconceived notions of country, native land, home of birth, etc., find, with the advent of the Gospel into their hearts, a more comprehensive knowledge of what patriotism really is, than is generally acceded among other peoples; namely, that our county is Zion "Zion the pure in heart," wherever its boundaries may extendIt will in time cover the whole earth and extend into the sanctuaries of heaven; then we can truly say: - God is my Father. "My country, the world. Do good, my religion" My banner's unfurled. Not all patriots, yet, comprehend this large view of country; but those understanding the Gospel of Jesus Christ which teaches the Fatherhood of God, and the Brotherhood of man, will be able to do so. The gifted writers and poets of our people have madd this principle a theme of many of their most inspired songs. among these stands the name of Sister Eliza R- - Snow. One cannot read her poem entitled "Nationality" without being inspired by strong patriotic fervor coupled with a highly developed spiritual sense which place her at once as one of the most loyal, faithful and obedient subjects of the City of Zion, in the Kingdom of Pre-emine- nt Heaven. I will close this article by quoting a few excerpts from the above mentioned poem: ' 'One might as well my thoughts exterminate My place in pedigree annihilate Or the warm pulse of life eradicate As to efface or to remove from me The sentiment of nationality. It ot my nature constitutes a part Unites with all the life blood of my heart; And if no trait or portion of my spirit 'Tis something I eternally inherit. Not all the charms surrounding scenes impart d Can chase the feelings from my heart, For oft full oft so tenderly they yearn A kindly impulse prompts a fond return Unto the land of my nativity My native home my native scenery. But where 0 where the land so choice, so dear? Which is the nation I so much revere? high-tone- I say with Brother Eddington, I am not Iialian, Hindoo, English, German, Scot. Neither American, Swiss, Welsh, or Dane, Nor yet an Islander from ocean's main. Nor Spanish, French, Norwegian, nor Swede. I claim no country, nation, kingdom, creed Excepting Zion; that I proudly name, Home of all homes, that home I fondly claim. Were I to boast of nationality I'd look beyond this frail mortality. The Holy Spi 'it every Saint receives 