Woman's Exponent P. WELLS, Editor ami Publisher iXXIE WELLS CANNON Assistant Editor. LVJLVELIXE - r'"7'- - - i t w i rubli.sr.ed monthly, in bait uane my, uian Trims: one copy one year, Ji.oo; one copy si raonth made or clubs. CitY r3Ders dtliv m Mc K'n rflii-tirt- n for postage one year. 25 cts. :red by mail, extra Each rates: smiare. ten lines of nonpanel Aivrtisinp "uu,u hiohui, Spgce one lime J.w, count to regular jaaverusers. South Temple Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, m. to a. from 5 10 hours Business p. m., every Street; Sunday. day, except . Address all business communications tc . Mrs. E. B. .WELLS, SaltLakb City, Utah. ,Thcrr follc)ys.the text from the Amen can ijuuk.ua uujcsis uiauiuiu s ISIjyQny dren and fovne exhilarates the mind; social intercourse to Dutch hospitality. His words bind our such as is usually promoted on. these oc- hearts and our consciences to this day. Then the inscription giving the name casions, when one sits down to a Thanksof the donors also paying honor to the giving dinner, and the conversation is enPilgrim-Father- s. It records a fact of livening, often produces a pleasurable,-lastin- g 6f the decisive effect, as well as that of the time history which meant one "' being. One remembers people met at events of the world." The Tulip Holland's typical flower entable longifterwards, and incidents that graved beloHnnecornerndinanlir . i 1.: not because of the feast of Trailing Arbutus the. May Flower, "which good things, nearly as much as the g in their new home greeted the Pilgrims or or story-tellin"and music indulged in as informal with life, beauty and perfume, after the frosts of winter. Its glossy leaves, waxen after-dinnpastimes. Thanksgiving in New England in the petals and sweet odor cheered their spirits nineteenth century was the one day and touched their imaginations, while it looked forward to, when all the family, seemed to waft welcome." Then follows "The inscription July 22, A- - D. 1620." with ccuisins, aunts, and other relatives andinvited friends gathered, and the The Pilgrim .Fathers Began Their most sumptuous dinner possible was Voyage To New England. hnnntifullv served. In those davs none ... Obliged by theirgood and courteous families observed of the entreaty Christmas, and the exchange of gifts was Which we have found in your for New Year's Dav the only regular gift country with gifts are so profuse peeple day;. now . . . and our children are bound to We ii that it is tne omer extreme. be thankful. Thanksgiving this year finds this people of so many, choice cifts in the eniovment Governor William Bradford to the Dutch . j in Manhattan March lo, 1827. and blessines that we can scarcely count tHem; but should with due reverence try In Token of enduring gratitude and in to appreciate the prosperity that has Christian Brotherhood, the Boston Con come, and so live as to be worthy, if gregational- Club rear this memorial. possible, of a continuation of years of July 1906. prosperity in which to build up Zion, and to use the means with which the Lord This finishes the engraving of the Tablet. "The Landing of the Pilgrim Fathers" blesses His people, that Zion may indeed be glorious- and accepted of the Lord; was the first hymn in the exercises and and that this chosen gathering place may the "Star Spangled Banner" the last. The be preserved when death ana destruction prayer was a very appropriate and sugencompass the land. gestive one and closes with the Lords prayer Amen" and then the words "Let all the people say Amen" UNVEILING OF BRONZE TABLET. Praise ye the Lord The Congregational Club of Boston, Blessed be the Lord God of Israel from Mass. have presented to the oldest Re- everlasting to everlasting. Psalms cvi. 18." This address with the picture of the formed Church in Holland a bronze tablet inscribed as a memorial in recording his- Tablet, the Delfshaven Reformed Church, as it is to day, also the picture of those tory in artistic symbol. x First is set forth the "seal of the Re- who left Holland at that time, and their formed Church of Delfshaven with the riames each one numbered, thirty four in correct topography as it was in the i6th all the picture of the first meeting for century with waterway, quays and haven' publicvorship in North America Sunday, Within the encircling motto we read first January 21, 1621, all these are included in Hebrew letters mystic consonant, and in the pamphlet issued in English and unseen words the covenant Dutch which we have recently received from Sister Emily Wells Grant. name, The address which is partly historical JEHOVAH. Then in Dutch speech- - the motto and was delivered byiWilliam Elliot .Griffis confession of faith, rendered into English. D. D. L. H. D. September 28, 1906 at the . "The Haven of salvation Above unveiling of the tablet.' ' The Pilgrim fathers and mothers who with God in Zion." Below this they explain "the true words sailed from Holland for England on that accepted by us all, and binding us every ever memorable day, were joined by those one in unity oMoyalty to a common Sa- irqmionaonanaooutnamptonnumDeriug vior, revealer of Jehovah and of bur altogether one. hundred and one persons x wiiu sdiicu uii me single snip md.yuvyi Father," on the Atlantic leaving England in July "ONE IN CHRIST." 1620, and arriving at Plymouth Rock De "Nt confronting each other- - across-- ; cember 20, 1620. are tne arms space of the State lueuuij We are very grateful to Sister urant of Massachusetts, with the figure of the for sending this interestingpamphlet,- and" Algonquin Indian, oldest inhabitant of the to know that Boston men recognize Western world and the town arms of glad Holland's magnanimity in receiving these Delfshaven,Nonce the port of Delft, and a Pilgrim fathers and mothers,, who were common community by itself, but now the means with others equally brave and partof Rotterdam, seventh shipping port heroic under Divine Providence in openof the world; with its green and gold ing the way to this goodly land of America, wheat, emblems of agriculture where millions of people from many lands and of the fisheries: These tell .the a wccn 11 ccuu iciKers how the men by the MaaTwon their eye food and liberty accorded oireugiuus to all under the Confrom the sea as well as from the land. stitution of these United States, :J.mf?nt ior.elderly; people, as well as chil MkrZ?&?.?&nd - ,- 1 1 good-fellowsh- ip, song-singin- g, er -- Enttrtd at tkt Fast matter. iuond-cla- a (Jflict in Salt Lait City, I tah, at . Salt Lake City. Utah. . rvt 4 November, i96 r'TrixT" n a v - " old-fashion- ' There never has been a time when there was greater cause for rejoicing among this people than now. The bounti ful harvests of fields and orchards should fill every soul with gratitude and praise to Him who rules on high, who watches over all, and pours out blessings in such rich abundance. Not only is this goodly land filled with earthly comforts and lux are blessings of a spirit- uries, but there 7 . 1. t. uai nature ucn as were never ueiuie cu joyed by any people of which we hae x 1 knowledge in ancient or modern history. The blessings of temples wherein Jhose who are prepared may go and minister for their ancestry. Four of these sacred edifices have been erected to the name ofthe Most High, since a few poor pilgrims came with scant provisions and belongings, to settle these valleys: to finppeace and security from their oppressors. This little handful of people havefnade a record in this region such as history has not recordSaints ed "hitherto. The Latter-da- y count the blessings tney have received in temples above allearthly riches, and yet, perhaps they arenot as mindful of them as they should be. Our Fatherin heaven is merciful and with His people, but it is the duty, and should be esteemed" a privilege ana pleasure, to acknowledge His goodness and favors in the most humble maniier every day and hour in the heart, andin prayer and intercession to . Him ' ; long-sufferi- ng great- blessings may not be that these - taken from us, but that this people, who have found favor with the Lord; may live in such a way that He will continue to ackriowledge and bless them, and multiply them, that they may accomplish the work He has set His hand to perform in these last days. Meantime happiness, as far as possible, should pervade the hearts and peace abide in the homes of the Saints, that the Hoi w Spirit may be the guide at all times who are partakers of such mani- of . those . , ' tola Dressings. . It . -- is right and proper to set apart days for special thanksgiving and to observe them as such. It is good for men and women to" cease toiling for a day, even if it is only a change. Activity is good in any legitimate direction, and pleasant diversion forJhe.mindand.bodv-i- mod eration is beneficial; and rational enjoy- n ed a . - . - - pre-ancie- nt - - - -- her-nngsa- nd - t 