WOMAN'S EXPONENT 64 ters were requested to bear their testimony. Sister Ellen Makaiau made a few remarks concerning the first organization of the Relief Society, and urged the sisters to be faithful. Sister Kalawaianui Kalau also spoke upon the same subject-Due- t by Emily Mahoe and Mary Mokui-lim- a, followed by Sister Cole, who spoke a short time on the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith and the eaily persecutions of the Saints; she also eulogized the life of our President Bathsheba W. Smith. Prest. Pakekepa Kailikea was pleased with what had been said and spoke encouragingly to the sisters. Ellen Makaiau was appointed to represent the Society at the General Conference in Salt Lake April 5th. The initiation fee was remitted by every member of the Society. Meeting was closed by singing from page 31 "Hoku Ao Nani," prayer by Ellen Makaiau. Ellen K. Makaiau, Sec. Mnlv Knirir rest down noon them, that thev may realize that she is enjoj ing the rest of the faithful, and that she will come forth in a glorious resurrection crowaed with immortality and eternal life. Resolved, tnat a copy 01 tnese resolutions oe placed on our record; one be sent to the bereaved family and one to the Woman's Exponent for publication . Com. OBITUARY. HARRIET STANIFORTH. Resolutions of respect 1o the nemoryof Sister Harriet Staniforth, who departed this life at her home in Farminglon, Utah, Feb. 24th. 1906, after a residence of forty 3 ears. She was m her 86th year, having acted as mid wife the greater part of her life; she was faithful and true to any and all cal's made of her; was gentle and un assuming in her manner, aud a spirit of peace and comfort attended her ministrations into every home; she never turned any one away, no matter what their conditions, giving ner services free to widows, missionaries' wives, and to the families of those who were imprisoned for "conscience sake;" she lived and died a faithful Latter-daSaint We esteem it a pleasant duty to test'fy of her faithfulness, as she has left a record that would be bard to surpass; she endeared herself to the hearis of the childien as well as the parents. Therefore be it resolved, that we emulate her example of love and unselfishness to her fellow IN MEMORIAM. man, and that a copy of these resolu ions be MARY WXLKER. placed upon the record of the Relief Society, and a copv be framed and hung up jn the walls of the Mary Walker, wife of George Walker, v ho died Relief Society hall, June 20th, 1905, at Mendon, Cache County, Utah, Wealthy Clark, was born in England, September, I813. in Davis Stake Relief Society. Missionary LatterSister Walker was a true and faithful Lovisa A. Sears, day Sarat, a faithful wife and loving mother; was R, S. Farmington Secretary some for and Relief in a counselor years, Society was always devoted to the cause of truth. JANB COUSINS BIRKBECK. y - RESOLUTIONS. Whereas, our Heavenly Father, in His infinite wisdom, has seen fit to remove our dear sister to a higher sphere; therefore be it Resolved, That we moumher loss as a clear sis ter, a faithful counselor in the Relief Society for some years, and that we desire to emulate her worthy example. Resolved, that we tender our sympathy to the bereaved daughters, and pray our Heavenly Father to let the comforting influence of His Holy them, that they may realize that Spirit rest up-she is enjoying the rest of the faithful, and that she will come forth in a glorious resurrection crowned with immortality and eternal life. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be placed on our record; one be sent to the bereaved family and one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. ELIZABETH A. WILLIE. Elizabeth A. Willie, wife of James G. Willie, died Jan 25th, 1906, at Mendon, Cache County, Utah, was born in Nev York, December 3rd, who 1818. Sister Willie was a true Latter-da- y Saint, a faithful wife and mother, devoted to her duties; was President of the Relief Society at its organization in the Mendon Ward, and remained in that position for upwards of 20 years; her influence was always felt for good in this benevolent work. RESOLUTIONS. Whereas, our Heavenly Father, in His infinite wisdom, has seen fit to remove our dear sister to a higher sphere; therefore be it Resolved, that we mourn her loss as a dear sister, a faithful worker in the cause of truth, and as a faithful President in the Relief Society for many years, and that we desiie to emulate her worthy example. Resolved, That we tender our sympathy to the bereaved sons and daughters, and pray our Heavenly Father to let the comforting influence cf His R. K. a xo e; THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, K One after another those whose names were enrolled in the first organization of the Relief Society in this place are called to the other side.where no doubt they are still engaged in the goodwoik. Among the earliest promoters, none took greater interest nor laboied more faithfully in whatever capacity the was called to than Sister Jane C. Birkbeck, who laid down life's burden at the ripe fifty-tw- o age of eighty-threyears of which time were passed in Utah, having emigrated from her native land with her husband in the year 1852, moving to Cedar in the course of a ear or two, where they re ided up to the t.me of their deaths, Brother Birkbeck having preceded her about two years. In Society work Sis'er Birkbeck filled the position of counselor for a number of years. Upon resigning that position she acted as teacher, which office she sustained faithfully as long as her health would permit. Always ready in times of sickness or distress to assist not alone by words but works as well, thereby fulfilling the will tf the Savior, "Bear ye one another's burdens." Sister Birkbeck was Stake Treasurer of the Relief S' ciety from 1894 until the officers were changed in 1902. Grandma Birkbeck, as we familiarly called her, will live long in the memory of many of the people of Cedar, not alone for her deeds of charity and kindness, but the interest she took in the promotion of amusements; being early associated with the Home Dramatic Company, which in former days afforded a great deal of pleasure to the community. Although having no family connections of her own, she was lovingly cared for by her adopted daughter, Mrs. Ella Mitchell, and many kind friends during her sickness, which resulted in her death on the 15th of November, 1905. Her funeral, which took place on the 18th, was held in the tabernacle, the interior of which was draped in white, and many of her old friends were present from other places to show their respect for the one who had gone before. J. P. M. 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, "ulu u pumhjic lui yuui money. and solicit your patronage. I I KJ C J ON WOMAN. Concluded.) and towards this In process men and this result, forward-lookin- g women both, all who seek the progress And this for of the race will the double reason: that equal with man's a woman's individuality being sacred, she is entitled to fullest opportunity for and in the free use of her powers; and, secondly, as the mother of the race, the more the calibre of womanhood is improved the better the outlook, through her for all the children of men. "It is idle, at this stage for sentimentalists to theorize about 'woman's sphere.' From the standpoint of democracy, I prophecy (and it is a prophecy which every day is fulfilling) that woman's sphere and career will be wherever the individual woman s capacity and soc interest, her individual need and her social use prompt her to find them. Woman's sphere is the home? What becomes of that generalization in the face of the millions of women who are not and who have proved their econ- -' Her omic worth outside of the home? is Her is man's. as sphere partly there, marital relationship need not absorb her individuality any more than it does a man's. Anyhow, it does not. And plainly it cannot in the case of the millions of unmarried women who have attained ecoBut the marriage nomic independence. relationship itself will be finer and socially more valuable, when that is based as, in time, it must be upon the democratic principle of equivalence or equality of husband and wife. "In the spirit of democracy, we may not herd women and dogamatize about them as a class apart. Democracy should talk no more about sex than it does about sect. In the light of democracy each hu man atom is a sacred individuality, which is to get from and give to social organization the utmost benefits of human association. Really, there is no such thing as 'man' or 'woman,' but only individual men and women, to be developed into fuller and finer humanness through cooperation in the various social groups known as home and shop and church and State and what not. Thus each of these human beings is to be fitted to contribute towards advancing the day of completer democracy, which in turn will mean always more of justice and opportunity to each human unit, whether male or female. Woman's co-opera- te. home-builde- rs Journal, Save Your Money! And when a get dollar, deposit it Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minor, to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ODe dollar to five thousand, and compute said you with Zion's interest We aim to give you TDV I I 1 I RABBI FLEISCHER Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. M. Cannon, Cashier. George No. 1 East Temple Street, 