WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. 7 T-T- -- T onierence or the. W.ivnV Stake was held, at Loa. July 14, .-. lliaiveuei society 1 ioj.o. t a rresiaent mtnsheba W. Grundy Besides the Stake officers of presiding. the Relief Society, there were present on attendance and expressed her gratitude the- from offered. A young ladies trio sarig "One hundred and .sisters. to DDserve oraer Maxwell and Poster and Sisters Hull and Odell, which was a pleasing feature of the morning session. After roll call and minutes, the, secretary read the, statistical and financial ports, for thesix months ending June 30. Pres. Romney commented on the large the stand The Stake Presidency and Sisters Ellis R. Shipp, MI), and Priscilla Smith General Society After, the usual opening exercises President Grundy welcomed those present and told some of the cpflditionsqf the branches in the stake. Felt they were a noble band of sisters in Wayne Stake and looked after the poor and needy and were trying t.o do their duty.' Most of the wards had a representative present- - and all reported favorably. Tile Conference was addressed by Sisters Shipp and Smith.. Presidents Bastian, Fckersley and Stewart and. Patriarch Hlackburn, besides others of the brethren ' 23 - 7 over building. un?2br Miry E! Hodgson spoke of the Relief Society excursion to Saltair, on July 19th, and urged all to attend. Sister Emily S. Richards of the general t board said that vve were organiz ation to the Priestho rJ, and a great responsibility rested' upon us. Mother is the the-nex- " Central figure ol the ho me ."an d sli 6 uld endeavor to preserve a spirit of love and peace there at all times, and cultivate . years ago." The seven presidents of the wards their condition. The representative of the General Merrill Home, reBoard, Sister-Ali- ce quested the secretary to read the report of the San Francisco relief fund the amount contributed by the Ensign stake: Cash, bedding, do thing, $45 1.85 ; one case of tomatoes; fourhundred loavtsof bread. Sister Home then talked about the San Francisco calamity and Relief Society Sister iTiscnla mith spoke on theduties topics. Relief Society workers. We were to The quartette sang. "Who are these arlook after the, needy that none might sufrayed in white?" fer. We should also store our minds with Counselor .Minnie H. James spoke on useful knowledge, and be able to teach, general Relief Society work; her remarks the principles of the Gospel. Encouraged were timely, practical and beautiful. the sisters to take up mothers work, and Sister Carrie S- Piatt next addressed told of at benefit be. the conference. from President Smith in regard to Quoted Solo, "Only rernembered by what we mothers keeping the word of wisdom, that have done," by Margaret C. Hull. their children' might follow their example. Sister Rachel D. Davis and Sifter HanSister Ellis K. Shipp made some very nah Lapish talked for a few minutes. interesting and timely remarks. Said that After singing antl praver, meeting adthe Latter-daSaints had always been in journed until 2 p.m. the lead. That when the Relief Society Luncheon was served :Uo all assembled was organized the Prophet Joseph said, during the noon hour. I the key was turned for, suffering women, Afternoon session opened with singing as the."Relief Society was the first organby quartette, "I know that my Redeemer ization of women on the earth. Thought liveth." we hardly appreciated our surroundings Counselor Rebecca Er Little presented and the gospel, that every thing good, the general and local authorities of Relief true and beautiful belonged to the Gospel, Society to be voted upon there was no and we should not forget the Giver of our dissenting vote. Sister Alice M. Home spoke on singing, blessings. Spoke on the Word of Wisdom and the necessity of mothers teachiug it entertainments, protection of the young to their children and said that in keeping people. it the Angel of death might pass them by. Bishop Thomas A. Williams spoke on Advised mothers to keep a smiling face, "Economy of work." A beautiful solo, and their homes would be happy always, "Babylon," Sister Lima Young. and love the ruling power; alluded to the Pres. Joseph Wells addressed the conpower of prayer, and of placing our trust ference. Bishop Frank Piatt made a few in our heavenly Father, and lie would remards. sustain us in all of our trials. Brother Wm. H. Foster sang, "Provir idence is over all." During the noon hour dinner was prep'. ared and tables set, by the sisters of the Bishop Geo. Romney eulogized Relief Loa Society, in one rooniolJhebuilding, Society work and expressed , the gratitude for every one present at the Conference. he felt towards the organization. Brother The tables were loaded with the good Livingston, of the Eleventh ward, also things of life, and all seemed to do ample spoke. Benediction by justice to the same. Good Cheer and hand Singing, Doxology, V shaking, was, one of the principal features, Annie Kay Hardy. and a splendid good time was the result-IAnnie Kay Hardy, secretary. fact all voted it one of the best and LIBERTY STAKE. most successful Relief Society Conferences ever held in Wayne Stake; and all left Conference of Liberty The vith a desire in their hearts to continue Stake Relief Society convened in the 2nd n we d oin g, serve t he Lord and keep Ward m e et ing house,. Sal t. Lake City; His commandments, that they might have J une i, 1906, President Annie... S. M usser his spirit to" be With them always, : "presiding. Commenced by prayer and the usual Orilla Sheffield. 1 Secretary. opening exercises, 7arid reading of annual faith; related many incidents, of healing by faith. Part of the branches of the stake were reported in a prosperous condition by the following sisters: Counselor Sarah Hilton, 1st ward; Secretary Hazel White, 2nd ward; President Emily Weiler, 3rd ward; and President S irah Jane Chamberlain, Sch ward. Si $ter li S 1i p p o f t h e g e n e rat"" Conference reconvened at 2 o'clock, President Annie S. Musser presiding. Continued hv sinpdm "Rdfmpr nf Israel," etc., with customary. exercises, Counselor-Hodgso- n the presented names of the General Bciard, also the names of the Stake Board; all were unanimously sustained. Sister Lottie P. Baxter said that she considered the Relief Society the organization of the Church; read passages from the scriptures, and quoted poetry, to encourage the teachers in their libors, and referred to the unselfish work of the Savior. Sister Ellis R. Shipp felt that the gospel was beyond price, and we should seek to set an example to the world, and bring a knowledge of the gospel, to them Let us have the spirit of love, humility and patience in our homes; draw nearer to pur children, gain their confidence in all things, and at all times and live to do good to others, Tor kind words are. never lost, and we will have joy ourselves. Sister Clara E. James spoke encouragingly to the teachers; do not lose sight of the little things, for we may gain bless-- , ings by performing them. oisici iiuii)' o. ivitimius uijcu ub iu uc united, and harmonious in all our under- - ' takings and continue to progress. President Musser made a few closing - it-wo- EUi board felt that we have much to be thankful for, and great opportunity to do good. Adjourned until 2 p. m.; singing and benediction. of the-gre- '" C accurate reports that had been - . irrnat" ntny uld crown-ing.auxilii- y " . remarks.' : '- ;- Adjourned for six months by singing ;npnt." ptr.. "Thp timf i? Benediction Sister Lizzie Woolley. Lizzie Roijbins, Secretary. fr n PIONEER STAKE. ' . , semi-annu- al 1 11 -- ENSIGN STAKE. 7 The Relief Society conference of En- report of 1905.- - : : - i President Musser made a few opening remarks. T A solo was rendered by Sister Eva stake was held in the Eleventh ward meeting house July ij, .1906, commencing James. a 10 a.m. AJ Romnev-Prftcforcra ' few remarks on the Peace meeting, and presiding. Sister Ethel Conelly organist. After the exercises of singing and prayer, urged thesislrrs not to neglect the Tem- sign . rt Counselor-Zerviati.Lrbardiey-ma(ie-- Minutes of the Pioneer Stake Relief Society Conference, held July 13, 1906, in the Stake Hall. After the opening exercises, . reports from the various wards were eri ve n Pr esid e n t A n n i e AVCan nbn expressed her pleasure in meeting with the sisters and was gratified in hearing reports from all the wards. Sisters Elizabeth S. Wilcox and Julia P. M. Farnsworth of the General Board business had been attended to, Sister Wilcox addressed us; words of love "and. instruction were -- were-present-andafte- rall nveyed-andall-enjoyed-thepi- a- rit-f the Lord that accompanied the words of the speaker. I :.' v ry 