WOMAN'S EXPONENT. vw-- yw "arid .1it T - counselors; . and Sister Margaret T. Smpot, (Ma Smoot) and was a very dear friend and 'sort of comrade of Sister Elizabeth: Howard. There was at Favorsham, Kent, Engand encouraged by these She was a woman of strengthened dignified appearland a branch of the Relief Society orance and had a influence with her good ganized at an early.date, we have not the other ways. associates and coworkers; she was positive date unfortunately, or we would - The Relief Society of Linach was orin the scriptures, full of faith give it here but we have a notice of its ganised on February 3. 1884, by Elder to the Gospel, and of adecided holding a semi Annual Conference on avis i,auer. There . y spiritual temperarneiTt7"When near- aretenmembcrs;-which it is stated much" Barbara ".NaefrPFesident; MarchJr-JSSm Maria Fretz mgthe close of her earthly life she beand Bnbette Fischer, of the time wajf occupied with reports, a and held Counselors; a glorious vjsion, that seemed to Kosina Baahardt, Secretary. The annual her synopsis of which was sent to the London who was then so near i he ..boundary ! The President's name is Conference of the Swiss and German MisConference. where onlythe'veil" separates us from This Relief sion was held in Berne on the-- 23rd and the given, Sister Ann Cornford. other shore, intensely real. There Society Conference was held in the after-- 24th of December. 18S3. The last eveis, no doubt in the minds of those who noon and at the close of the, meeting a Dec. ihe Conference, 24th, the were by her bedside- at the time that nly. 7 social tea provided by the President and held a Society meeting." Eleven her mother Kejief and called her, for her Counselors was enjoyed, and in the Elders and one sister fronv Utah .were she answeredappeared the vision of evening the Relief Society held a joint present (Sister Annie Wells Cannon) and a a. large attendance of Samtsbesides rnanv bledear,.departed Slaughter was also visisession with the priesthood of the Favors-hato her, and theatmosphere of the This Society numbered strangers. Sister Rosina Steiner presided branch. i;ion in the room testified to the family with ease and coolness. Good and intersurrounding her bed that her escort was the Saints. This report is from a letter of esting testimonies were borhe, and enthere ready to accompany her to the Elder Edward King's who .was at that couragement offered to the sisters in the "land of pure delight." work in their different languages, English, time laboring there, as was also Elder As one by one these veteran sisters I'rencn and German, to say nothing of away it recalls the fact that but fewpass Joseph A. Jennings. reAuckland, New Zealand, Relief Society- - tht different dialects, that might be called main, who wrought with Sister Eliza and was organized by, Elder George Batt, Demany more languages. Aunt Zina in the commencement of were cember 22, 1 88o, Sister Isabel Lucy apwith They the things woman's organizations; very recently Sisdelighted told Sisters them Sister Cannon and about the ter Rebecca Atwood Wareham of Mahti. by pointed President; Fox, Day work of the Relief Society in Zion and has joined the innumerable Counselors; Sister Williams, Secretary; oompany of Sister Miles, Treasurer. June 9, iS8i, the especially pleased when told a Hospital those who have been among the early President and her Counselors left New had been founded under the auspices of workers, there are .but few left now the Society here in Utah. Zealand for Zion and'Sister Hannah Cox of those who helped establish woman's Sister Cannon wrote, those engaged in work in the Church, here and there one. was elected President by unanimous vote of the members. This Society was in a the Society work have discovered the afar off in some stake of Zion. and here flourishing condition in 188 1, at the date great benefit of the organization in times we have our beloved General President of of sickness and need, that they are of the Relief Society, Bathsheba W. Smith of the letter received, and much means much help to each other and to the brethhad been donated and" earned by sewing. and in Ogden we have Sister Jane S. ren and that the Society is a great sup Meetings were held Richards, President of the Relief Society of Weber Stake. The first Relief Society in the Swiss and port to the branch of the Church to which We should not forget, it to do honor to thoie who have served so belongs. .German Mission was in Berne SwitzerlSister While in Cannon was and by Elder P. F. Goss, June 30, 1882. Europe on long and fath fully while they are still the she At the time of the visit of Sister Annie Continent, prepared a' sort of with us and. laboring diligently, actively Vells Cannon in 1883, she wrote concerniEpistle, "To the Relief Society of the planning for the betterment of the Socing this Society of Berne, and others, she Swiss and German Mission" which was ety at large, that has now become so says: Notwithstanding that it has lost published in the "Stern." This Epistle great and numerous. many members through the emigration it set forth the work of women in the still has a membershin of to. Churchy the organization of the Relief Regular r tJ y FEDERAL SUFFRAGE HILL II. R. 5360. in one Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith in t, meetings are held every Nauvoo. Illinois, March 17, 1842, and in meeting the sisters speak and bear testiA bill to protect the rights of women fact gave a sketch of the Society up to mony, and in the other report the districts to which mentioning the General Officers citizens of the United States to register they have been assigned. In .that time and certain departments of the work, and vote for members of the House of addition to these meetings, work meetings are held The last report storing' grain, the Woman's Exponent, Representatives: occasionally. ' Wh ereas, the dated January 15, 1884, stated that the sericulture, the Deseret Hospital the enrightjto choose members House of Representatives is vested cash on to Frs. 26.32, and couraging of young women in the study of the of medicine as a profession, and many by the Constitution in the people of the inat they had an outlay during the precedes six. months nfFrc 12.60. The officers other things incidentally. The epistle states without distinct ion of .sex, but for were Rosina ""Sterner; approved by Sister 'Eliza R. want of proper legislation has hitherto President; Magda-en- e was highly been restricted to one-haof the Deoole. Snow then General President of the SoMeyer and Maria Schneider Counselit wished Forthe purpose, therefore, of correcting ors; Sophia Kindlisbacher, Secretary. ciety, who commended it and error and of giving effect to the Conthis The Relief Society of Schaffhausen was published, in, the Woman's Exponent done stitution, organized by Elder Alvis Boner, the 5th here in Utah, which was accordingly w Bejt enacted by the Senate and House February, 1883, though a very sma11 by her request. It is only just to add that at the time of Representatives of the United States Society it has been a very industrious and visited these organizations of America in Congress assembled, that active one. In the one' year it has held Sister Cannon, she was only a very young woman women who are citizens of the United 3? meetings, most of them work meetings. abroad, three y States, who possess such qualifications of bister Ror years of age. 4.uv- twenty D,v tj age, residence, property or "education as fleQt has been in her endeavors, untiring niaybe required j)f men to make them a.na much this done has been CROSS DOUGLAS. AGNES good by voters in the several states shall be ltt a x , !. t numuenug vjuciciy inougn oniy eligible to register and vote in all states seven A word in remembrance of Sister Dougmembers. They started with a of the Union at all elections for members forking capital of Vrs. A.fa. which thev las from one of the many sisters who of the House of Representatives. naveincreased nine fold. They have knew her intimately and 'had often parWANTED 20,000 NAMES. some , of their emigrating sisters; taken of her boundless hospitality in her We want the signatures of 20,000 adult Purchased many useful Xmas gifts (f or own homeSister Douglas, who has so recently left citizens which we can. use in support ofJ thTQ,rch in that place. us to enter upon another sphere of action the Federal Suffrage Bill giving women ..,.. the ""right" to vote, for members of the - was inthe early days of "the sisters travelwisorSociety of Scherll WjReIle House of Representatives. Every reader ' dIllzed Sen P rn e tc, very W a tQQ- - Kxr T7M r Trth n ing and organizing i n wards, There are now eleven members, nr.tive and helpful. She was closely asso ' can get some names. The form given Pi; t! to be used for Michel. President; Eliza Kohler ciated with Sister Eliza R." Snow, and below enables .' III." - ' ' Michel, Secretary. The mem- -' bers e, press themselves much improved : . ! well-ycrs- ed and-lntegrit- -- - . . - her-audibl- y, m semi-monthl- y. fort-nigh- hand-amount- ed lf 1 le-g- al C: " 1 1 as-;lst- ed - - . -- feth the-name- s y 