fj 4- - .Z; ",- - i N" WOMAN'S EXPONENT. fie-J5- ( - these, especially the it once happened downs when Miss Adams her- self felt especially down, in Salt Lake,, a fine presentation of the two Orphans was given for her benefit by some amateur talent. It was then that Keetie Heywood Orson Whitney, John Spencer, H. M. i Wells, Lottie Claridge and other young people came to the front in her support, " r anddutofthis. .presentationproia,bly.as grew that delightful company known the "Home Dramatic Club." .Well these are just two or three out of the hundreds of reminiscences we might have heard of early theatricals. Memory takes me' back and I well remember as a little girl, sitting entranced with Miss Adams' sweet voice and graceful acting. The old theatre is the same, in and even now--it is the the West, and we wish she had not forbest-plavhou- se gotten. Annie Wells Cannon. WOMAN'S VOICE have just been reading the May number of the Woman's Exponent and enjoyed it, it is full of good things; the piece written by Louisa Grav on the "Life of the deceased Jane M. Baxter" interested me very much ; we traveled together by sea and land, we cooked our scones over the same fire, and we slept in the same tent, and part of the time pulled the same hand cart; and when I read it, it brought back incidents of that memorable journey that. I almost had forgotten. I remember well the incident of "the candle" I have heard my mother and Sister Baxter talk it over with thankfulness that it, lasted while he lived, her dying husband. My mother sat with her and the silent dead until the grey dawn of the Morning. Wellt "blessed are the dead that die in the Lord for they shall find rest." We had a very enjoyable time at our last Relief Society Conference in Beaver. Sisters' Caine and Dusenberry gave us many good instructions, I enclose a piece of poetry that I composed on the Fiftieth Anniversary of our leaving Scotland.- I wrote it thinking it might be interesting to my children or grand children when I have passed away and others may like to read it. B. S. Goodwin. Beaver, Utah. I and that we would have a time of ejoice .ingtQgetller Lvdia E. Watkins, President of Beaver Ward Ass'n. reported they had no poor, but were able to do some good. Urania C. Nelson, President of Thatcher Ass'n. reported they had not been able to hold meetings regular, on account of sickness, their teachers visit regularly. Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth said this was the first time she had visited Jkteha.mC.ity jn Jhe .capacity of a society worker, but knew from reports we were a prosperous and energetic people; said there were more ways than one, to aid and assist one another, thought there were not another set of women any where who had the freedom and privileges of the women of Utah, made many other good iemarks. The congregation sang, Glorious things are sung of Zion, Counselor Annie T. Hyde said she felt blessed this morning in being one with the sisters, said it was woman's sphere on earth, to raise a posterity, and if we love the Lord and put our trust in Him he will help us, felt we were entitled to the blessings of the Lord to direct us and we have to make ourselves as one with our children, and teach them the principles of the gospel, spoke on patience and prayer in the home, alluded to. the giving of Sunday egs, and the amount which had been made through saving them. Urged the holding of Board and Officers Meetings, spoke on the Mothers' work, we want every young mother's name enrolled, gave good advice in regard to getting an attendance, and making our meetings a success, we should have love and charity one to another, dwelt up on marriage and our children marryipg outside, our Church, said we should teach our childrerr to marry in the temple, also talk to them to hold all things sacred, felt we should encourage our children in marriage, and to put all theare and protection around them that we could, and we should put our trust in God, and get all the help we could from Him in helping us guide our children. President Booth made a few closing remarks. Meeting adjurned until 2 p.m. Singing and Benediction. 2 P.m. Meeting opened with usual exercises. President Booth reported a letter from Stone Ass n- they were increasing in numbers, and doing nicely in their mothers work, she was pleased also to see so many present this afternoon, felt the Relief Society work was a grand work, and she had a great desire to do all she t wuia iu asaiai in uie advancement ot tnes same, spoke on the resignation of Sister Peters, who had been released on account of poor health, said she had labored over 40 years with the sisters in different and had always had love and unin her labors. ity Sister Louisa E. Peters was as much . interested as ever in the Relief Society work, but felt on account of her health it, was better for her to give up her position' she often wondered if it was for a she was so afflicted, but. was purpose willing to stand it. if it would keep her in the faith, said Sister Harding was all rightun the place she. was in, asked the Lord to bless us, that we may be faithful and Dress on in the good work. Counselor Mary Harding felt she was not worthy to fill this position, but knew thlC WOC tha nrnrlr t 1,11 e T "".v-1ui anai was : juora, wiinng to do all the good that-sh- e could- -- -- - -- RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. BOX ELDER STAKE. The Relief Society Conference of Box Elder Stake, convened in the Tabernacle Brigham City, June 12th, 1906. On the stand besides the Stake Relief Society Officers were Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth of the General Board, and Elder W. C. Horsley of Stake PresidencyrPresident Susannah P. Booth presiding. After the usual opening exercises President Booth made an address of Welcome in which she said it was our duty to go to our' meetings and receive spiritual, food, if we put our trust in the Lord, he will help us, and bless us in our labors, spoke ori punctuality, hoped the spirit of the Lord would be with us in our conference, cap-acatie- s, 1 - "felt to bear: rieYtimonrfltriemth bf this work. . Julia Bingham President of Garland' Ass'n. reported they had some sickness and some poor. Sophie Larsen' of East Garland Ass'n. felt considering the short time they had been organized, the were doing very nicely. Counselor Emilia I). Madson hoped she would be able to remember some little topoints Jhatyere .goblLthatshe'--hc$day; spoke on surprise parties, felt we ought not to encourage so many of them, let us show one another that we love to go about doing good, let us be faithful and not confidence breakers, but do one another all the good that we can. Sister Emeline Watkins rendered a solo, "I love to hear my Sarior's voice." Counselor A; T. Hj!e knew the Relief Society was always looking after the or dying, but felt we also needed suggested our visiting with the Young Ladies and Primaries and giving them our encouragement, spoke on the gathering of wheat, read a piece from pamphlet, and the letter from President Joseph F. Smith, .spoke on the mothers work, and urged the sisters to take interest in it, also wished the sisters to take interest in the Nurses Classes, as they were anxious to have Nurses who understand the uses of herbs and all other things regarding health, spoke on the Word of Wisdom, and made many other interesting remarks. Sister Juilia P. M.Fdrns worth, said you must have a very good President and" Bishops to have such a good Relief Society, gave the message sent by Sisters B. W. Smith and E. B. Wells, spoke on the Hymn that we sang which had been composed for the women of Zion, and on the question of our marriage duties and of the spirit which was getting in amongst the people of not wanting to raise families, spoke also of Nurses, urged the sending of some of our sisters to these classes. Stake President Oleen N. Stohl spoke . d sick.-dea- spiritual-developmen- t, her of the fidelity of Sister Booth-an- d great interest in the work, felt to regret Sister Peters having to give up her position but realized it was all for the best, and that Sister Harding would be as able as Sister Peters, spoke on the Mothers going out more with the Young Ladies felt it was very important for them to be interested in the amusements of their sons and daughters, he was proud of the Relief Society of this stake and pleased with the, work of the Mothers. President Booth felt to thank all for their presence here to day and also to thank the visiting sisters for their good instruction, Conference then adjourned sine die after Singing and Benediction. Annie H. Littlewood, v . Asst. Secretary. Mrs. Caroline M. Severance, of Los Angeles, is publishiag a book, entitled, "The Mjther of Clubs." It is described as a remarkable record of achievement in that direction. Her friend Mrs. Ruddy, says: Tn her eighty-sevent- h year, with" mind still active, eager and alert, Madame Severance is a center of light for those who are in sympathy with humanitarian impulses, who love the-broa- dest the lohiesjtJiteratureand-whoJ)elieY- e ine nignest ate." Jru T-- ". ' 1 