30 Edwin D. Woolley of Kanab Stake was invited tospeak and responded' minds upon the subject uppermost in the instruof those present. There was more mental music and Sister Margaret C.: Hull sang a solo in her usual happy style Sister: Priscilla Jennings whose name had been, published for an address at at the reception spoke a few moments - referred upon the present situation-an- d to the San Francisco disaster, and her' own impressions when in the midst of -- President the organ which was greatly appreciated. At the close of the afternoon session of the conference the president gave some special words of blessing,, which were read by Sister Rebecca E. Little. Sung, Doxology. Benediction. RECEPTIONS ; Thursday evening a reception was given at the Bee Hive House to the Relief Society Stake and Mission, Presidents or theirrepresentatives by the General Officers' Board, and Missionaries of the It was intended to be vei y inSociety. formal, but a spirit of, good fellowship and freedom pervaded the gathering, and might a closer bond of unity it. is hoped . i thus be lormea ana an oeconic ucuci acquainted with each other. The spacious and. elegant rooms were beautifully decorated, with lovely flowers and autumn leaves and presented an artistic appearance. Sister Julina L. Smith as hostess of the historic mansion gave the guests a most cordial welcome, in the kindliest manner after which we were honored by the presi. dent in pprson- . President Joseph F. Smith came into the parlors and after shaking hands and greeting the sisters he was asked to make a few remarks, he said, "that he was pleased to welcome them to this histo ic house, the thought of "which called up many memories of great occasions and great people. He felt great honor for the Relief Society workers, and recognized the importance of the work. The Relief Society being the first auxiliary organization cf the Church, and organized by theProphet Joseph himself," in connection with Brothers Willard Richards and John Taylor, both of whom he felt happy to say were represented here tonight and he trusted President Young's descendants were also represented in this work In the day when the Relief Society was organized, a few who are here tonight were in the bloom of girlhood, now their heads are frosted over, and he felt for them the greatest veneration and respect and he claimed they were entitled to the love and respect of all their associates and hoped they would have it henceforth and forever." The president further said, "We are all engaged in a great w;brk and the Lord has blessed and strengthened it, and the more it has been besieged and beset, the broader and stronger it has become and will become, and he said that he believed no set of women realized this more than the Relief Sooiety. He trustedMhat we would have a time of profit and inspiration in our coming together. Aunt Bathsheba was with us, and Sister Emmeline Wells, and Sister Jennings and their as- 11 the calamity- J An instrumental piece thrillingly played by Master Clifford Clive, accompanied bv his father on the violin was rendered and then "Count your many blessings" was C Hull leading. sung. Sifter Margaret " Sister E. B. Wells, was called and while she was speaking Brother Stephens and members of the Tabernacle choir serenaded President Smith singing three pieces accompanied by three cheers for President Jos. F- - Smith, who was however absent at the Richard's reunion. Sister Wells resumed speaking and at the close of her remarks Prof- - Clive gave a violin solo that was exquisitely fine. Sister Clarissa S- - Williams was the next speaker and was followed by Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry, after which Brother Mortenson, who was present from. San-forColorado, pronounced the benediction. The exercises were informal and under the supervision of President Bathsheba W. Smith, Sister Annie Wells Cannon by her direction, calling the numbers. The reception though informal was very enjoyable and the music was excellent. A. vote of thanks was tendered the musicians, and one must acknowledge it is possible to have a feast of good tilings without refreshments, An officers' meeting was held on Friday October 5, at 4:30, in the Assembly Hall, where there were nearly all the Stakes represented. Besides the exercises of singing and prayer, the secretary's yearly report of the work of the General Society was read, and the General Officers Board of Directors and missionaries sustained by vote. Conference meetings closed with a testimony meeting in Barratt Hall on Monday, October 8, commencing at 10130, President Bathsheba V. Smith Presiding. E. B. Wells, Secretary. 1 - -- d, v U. W. P. C. . Sept. 24, the Utah Woman's Press Club met at the house of Mrs- - Maria Francis. The subject which occupied the evening was the Life and Poems of Mrs. Emily H Woodmansee. Several of her poems 'were read among which were "Offences, Versus, Truth," "Faith and Works," "The-PioneMothers," etc.. of the members were personally Many with her and spoke of the acquainted beautiful character of the poetess in the days of pioneer sufferings, of her cheerfulness and sweet influence, of her tact and ability in the business of real estate; and of her wonderful success and perserver-- . ance, and all expressed their great love and admiration for her. It- - was a most enjoyable evening and the. only regret, expressed was. that - she was not present owing to illness which was deeply lamented. er you all. hf wp. Peace be with you, and may all vvitn von. Amen Sister Bathsheba W. Smith made a brief address and the sisters, assisted by the musicians present accompanying them sang by suggestion of the President. "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Sister Julina L. Smith made a brief opening address and the musicians, Prof. Clive onthe violin and .his gifted son, : - t iL.i was very reiresning ana music xnai -- pieas- - Resolutions of respect to the me'mory of Sister, Annie Lonie Mahoney, who departed this life - - . ' ; Sept. J 4. 1906. Sister Mahoney was born in Coalville, Summit Co., Utah April . 8. 1869. She wax the eldest of the eight children of George V. and Ada I. Fhin-pe- n Brim, and the first to be claimed by death which was caused bv a severe attack of typhoid -- fever She '' of was-bor- Laiter-da- y Saint parents and her mother has been "president of the Albion Ward Relief Society ever since years ago. Sister its organization twenty-fou- r the held had position of aspreviously Mahoney been treasurer had of this and sistant secretary life. of her five ears SLciety the last She was married at the ajze of eighteen to Wil-.- .. Ham Mahoney, was the mother of eight children, the joungest a babe of seven months, ail remain to mourn her loss. The funeral took place Sunday, Sept. 16, 1906, conducted by Bishop Thomas E. Harper, The choir sang appropriate hymns and the speakers were as follows. Elder William 17 Harper, of the Casia stake Presidency; Patriarch Franklin T. t'rim, uncle of the deceased and- Bishop Thomas , Harper; Each paid beautiful tributes to her life and cheerful disposition. ICe lOVtly wuiic vis&ct wuilu uivt an uuai was mortal of our beloved sister, was covered with rare flowers, gifts of some of her many friends. The ward meeting house was filled to overflowing and many carriages followed the remains to their ' last resting place. j RESOLUTIONS. Whereas our Heavenly Father has in His infinite wisdom seen fit to remove our beloved sister from our midst, onejwho has been to all an example of patience and cheerfulness, also a devoted wife and loving mother, Therefore, be it resolved by the sisters of the Albion Relief Society, that we tender our sympathy unto the bereaved family, parents and relatives, and while we feel deeply the loss, we know that she died as she had lived, in the hope of a glorious re surrection Resolved that this Memoriam be pat on the record of the society and sent to the Exponent for publication. Resolutions passed before the meeting of the Relief Society, October 9, 1906. Ida I. Brim, Pres., Emma L. Phippen, Sec. To the memory of Amelia J, Hansen who departed this life August 29th, 1906. "Whereas our Heavenly Father has in His infinite wisdom, called from our midst our beloved sister snd colaborer, Amelia J Hansen, and Whereas the long and intimate relaton with her, and the iaithful discharge of her duties in this society makes it eminently befitting that we record our appreciation of her and feel comforted in the assurance that if worthy we will meet and enjoy her society again. Resolved, that we extend to the bereaved our sincere smpathy, and pray God that His comforting influence may be with them, and lead their hearts to acknowledge His goodness even in their sore bereavement. Ward Resolved by the sisters of the Twenty-firs- t Relief Society, that we mourn our loss and that we appreciate the purity of ber life and the worthy Be it further-Resol- ved example she has set us to follow. that a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family of the deceased, be placed on the records of our society and a copy be sent to the Exponent and our local paper for publicatien. Gone to a peaceful, happy rtst, : Free from life's grief and painj Worker, beloved, has joined the blest, "Our loss is her infinite gain." - ;- - Eliza Barton, JFrances S. Castleton, Mary Ward Wooliey. In behalf of the Twenty-firs- t Relief Society, Salt Lake City. God loved thy. cheerful spirit, and he sent thee : ' ... here , To lighten, the cares of our earthly sphere; Faithful thou hast been; where'er thon hast trod The sunshine lingered; and the blessing of God. No storm could break thy trust sincere In thexlf ar Father's "love that quiets fear Of endless sleep and the Unknown, -- Into a calm of hope and welcome borne. V . 