WOMAN'S EXPONENT THE BIRTH OF A CENTURY. The clanging bells tolling the midnight hour. The hands on the dial, in the old church tower, Moving with measured time. In silent prajers with hearts bowed down, The dying year receives the crown; Well done, thou faithful child. 59 convinced that if I reach Miss Anthony's age I shall witness the complete fulfillment of her hopes in this regard, and thus behold the human race, in America at least, take another long stride forward." a memorial meeting was held in the Unitarian church of Ithaca, N. Y. The pas- tor, Rev. Cyrus W. Heizer, gave an address on "Miss Anthony and Her Work." Mr. Duncan Campbell L.ee, editor of the Daily News, spoke on "What Women Can Do," and there were papers by several members of the P. E. Club. The Maine and Portland Woman Suffrage Associations, State and local, united But hark! the chimes all trembling tell in a memorial service in the Chestnut St. A new born year, and all is well. With hope and faith we welcome thf e, Church. Miss Bertha King sang "CrossThe Civic Club of Lyons, N. Y., was Oh, bring us love, content and peace; "Batthe and audience the the ing Bar," preparing to hold a celebration on March In thee all bloo ly wars shall cease, of tle Dr. the Rev. 13 in honor of Miss Anthony's birthday. Hymn Republic." The humau race exalted be. It was changed to a memorial service. A offered Dr. Rev. and Magruder prayer, Louise Coulson. fine Blanchard the He Henry portrait of Miss Anthony, draped not eulogy. gave Salt Lake City, Utah. in black but in white, stood on the table, said of Miss Anthony, in part: and another, draped in purple, hung on "Her courage was conspicuous-physic- al the wall. The president, Mrs. Lisette C. and moral. She was not frightened "by Parshall, introduced Mrs. Isabel C. BarTWO MOTHERS. so slight a thing as a cyclone." Her conrows, who gave probably the first of the i;y maud baggarley. stancy was never shaken. Beaten in her vast number of memorial addresses that efforts before Congress, she planned a have been delivered all oyer the country. (Mother of Jesu?J new campaign as she came down the steps She urged the women present to make of the Capitol at midnight. "Were you work for Oregon their memorial to Miss Oh, Mary, thy name is exalted! Great wis thy mission on earth. never discouraged?" said one. "Never. Anthony, and they voted a contribution Thou didit not mother the rice of kings, I knew that mv cause was just, and I was to the But gavest the Savior birth. Oregon campaign. Rev. W. N. always in good compan'." a eulogy, and there Webb ' That tiny baby in the manger low, Her consecration was apparent. Some was finepronounced music. The man who was wi.se and good, she did not believe enough in thought Was he but to thee thy first born son. Hon. Samuef J. Barrow. National PrisGod. She was more ethical than pious. 'Til 'neath the cruel cro s thou stood? on Commissioner, writes: "When I go to A woman complained to a friend because Miss Willard praised Miss Anthony. She Albany I shall go and look at her bust chisAh, then didst think on that holy birth? thought it wrong, because Miss Anthony elled in stone at the Capitol. That is Thy mother's heart with anguish rent Didst think a.h darkness covered earth, did not sufficiently recognize God. "I do one tribute which the Legislature of New was heaven sent? That the boy tho' thine not know about that." said the friend, York paid to her; but how far it falls "but I do know that God has recognized, short of what thev might have done by her and her work for the last 30 years-admitting her to their councils! But some of day women will be sitting at the (Mother Judas.) ' The Shakers of Mount Lebanon. N.Y., desks in the house, just as now by courAnd thou, tor gotten and nameless one! held a memorial service in memory of tesy they are allowed to sit inside the To thee also, the mother's crown was given, "Saint Susan," as Elder Daniel Offord rail." Thou loved into life a wayward son, calls her. There was a large attendance Woman's Journal-Now outcast from earth and from heaven. from the Shaker Village, and the neighWhen thou didst return from the "Valley of boring villages 01 New Lebanon and LebMISS ANTHONY AT HOME. Death," anon Springs. Sister Amanda Deyo made filled with With a heart exquisite joy, the principal address. The account in Mrs. Ida H.Harper writes in a syndicate Didst thou in thankfulness glorify God the Springfield Republican was road by article: As thou clasped in rapture the boy? one of the brothers. Eldress Anna White "Miss Anthony spent so large a part of of Antoinette recollections And when the wee one to manhood had grown her life in public that the world seldom gave personal With heart harden'd 'gainst counsel and love, Brown Blackwell, whose visit many years thought of her in the retirement of home, Did the heart of a mother cling to him still ago to the Mount Lebanon Community is and yet this was the place she loved above And plead for grace from above? still recalled with great interest, and gave all others, and to whieh her heart conThe Rochester home, Thou didst mother a traitor and coward, I ween, the impression made on her own mind stantly turned. witnessed she of the at unto thee. shame which has belonged to the family for over when, age thirteen, Bringing sorrow and But thou couldst not forget that he slept on thy the silencing of Lucretia Mott in a Quaker forty years, is situated in a pleasant, breast, because of her too advanced shaded street, a story Thou couldst not forget that he played at thy meeting, thought. An extract from the tribute to brick house of thirteen rooms, with all knee. Susan B. Anthony by the President of the modern conveniences. It is very Woman's from the comfortably furnished, and its exquisite Oh, thou, and not Mary, was "Mother of Bryn Mawr College, sorrows." was much appreciated. A numneatness and cleanliness diffuse that atJournal, Didst feel in thy heart thou wert crucified too? brothmade by ber of short speeches were mosphere which one always associates Oh, Great God of Heaven, Thy children do of the Order, and Elder with the Friends or Quakers. The pieces sisters and ers thank Thee, For the gift of the "mother heart," steadfast Ernest Pick said that in such a life and of old mahogany were a part of the and true. outfit ninety years ago, and character as that of Susan B- Anthony, he recognized one of the saviors of the world. the guest would sip her tea from the Sister Amanda Deyo and Sister Catherine mother's delicate china cups with the thin Allen emphasized the Shaker belief that silver spoons which were a part of the MEMORIAL MEETINGS. the wider recognition of the law of equity grandmother's dowry in the century bewhich women are coming to their fore the last. If the guest were worthy Rabbi Charles Fleischer spoke on Miss by birthright is due to the growing sense of of the highest honor, she would sleep Anthony during the services of Temple the true Father-Mothunder a bedspread of the mother's weavSpirit, the CreAdath Israel in Boston on March 24. He ative Being. Sister Amanda ascribed to ing for her marriage chest, and, oh, the said in part: Ann Lee the honorable place of leader in exquisite touch with which Miss Anthony smoothed out every tiny wrinkle! The "In the last analysis, as in the first, wo- the movement for woman's freedom. sheets were taken from a drawer where man's rights are human rights. Indeed, P. E. Club of Manlius, N. Y., held she had laid them with sprigs of lavenThe ths interests of each are the concern of a memorial meeting at the home of the der, and every detail was looked after all. No one of us is really free while slavMrs. Christina M. Sinnamon, e president, of ery exists anywhere. No one of us has at the hour of Miss Anthony's funeral. with the careful attention of thehas often this housekeeper. The writer justice while injustice claims its victims. Mrs. Sinnamon writes that, despite prosaid that Miss Anthony never suggested No one is safe while tyranny holds sway found sadness, were "grateful for they for repairing the damages of society over another. what the long and active life of Susan B, ways employed in teachFor Miss Anthony equal suffrage, though Anthony has accomplished to make wo- with half the skill shewonderful method of ing her nieces her a necessary achievement, was only a symman's life more useful and enjoyable." darning rents in garments and household bol of the status of women in society on linen." I funeral, am At the hour of Miss Anthony's a plane and upon a par with men. " two-and-a-h- alf motb-er's'weddi- - er old-tim- ng 