m :' WOMAN'S EXPONENT 3 ' S . t - ' ' ST. fOSEPH'. . - ' :i ' nt " ' " n- " eir to-th- The Relief Society officers of the St. meetJoseph Stake met in the Thatcher 2 ing house September 7. 1906, at p. Elisabeth Layton presiding. The General Board was represented by Sisters Emma S. Woodruff and Sarah J. After singing by the congregaCannon. tion prayer was. offered by Patriarch John Taylor. There was an excellent representation from the several wards. President Elizabeth Laylon welcomed the visiting sisters also the congregation in a few words of encouragement and of the greeting, - arid signified the wish visitors that, presidents of wards report, as they should like to hear how the different branches of the society are getting along, as also how the officers themselves are feeling, and called upon the presidents of the Pima. Central, Glifton, Graham and Thatcher wards, who each reported her organizati m as doing the best they could under the circumstances in Some are too which they were placed. busy or indifferent to attend meetings much, but on the whole there are enough faithful workers to keep the Relief Society work rolling on in the several wards. The Pima society was reported as having a good house of their own, carpeted and comfortably fixed up to meet in. The president of the Thatcher society. Sister Olive Kimball, said they had just turned over to the Bishop one hundred cents to and one dollars and ninety-fiv- e apply on the ward meeting house, and that they have 400 bushels of wheat on hand. Sister S.J. Cannon said she had not come to tell us anything new. President Bath-sheb- a W. Smith sent her regards and best wishes to the sisters. Approved of having many officers and not placing two or more responsible positions upon one per-soIt was a good thing to get all interested, and the more that are called into office the greater interest will be taken. Keep your children at home; don't let them go away to work or for amusements. Make, home so pleasant that they and their, associates will love to be there. Sister Emma Woodruff said, 'Unity and respect go hand in hand. If officers are united they will respect each other. The duty of the teacher is not always to. furnish financial help, but words of comfort and encouragement are often needed." Spoke of order in the house, cleanliness and economy. Patriarch John Taylor encouraged the Relief Society workers to press on in the noble work which they had begun. . Prayer ElizaAdjourned by singing. ' beth Moody. , he Relief Society conference met Saturday, Sept. 8th, conjointly with the quarterly conference, by the courtesy of the Stake Presidency; the forenoon was devoted to Relief Society work. President" Elizabeth, Layton conducting t4he Roll call showed ten stake exercises. and twentvthree local officers present. -- T.ivton "reported th6" members duties and of her boanTalive working in unison. Each of the branches in the stake had been visited' once since last conference, some of them several . times. . v continued local of presidents Reports from yesterday. Sister Emma Woodruff: Judging from reports the sisters here are Adoing about ward withas thev are in the north. out a Relief Society is like a man without a wife. The Relief Society is the oldest t is auxiliary organizition in the Church,-itherefore the mother of the others. The young people should be taught to respect the aged. Boys ought to have as much care and consideration as the girls. Strew ilowers along each other's paths by deeds and words of love and kindness, and do not wait t"o strew them on their graves." Bore testimony to the divinity of the iwM ah t - - . . work.6 Sister Sarah J. Cannon thought it necessary for anyone to work for a cause before they could become really interested in it, and the more they work the greater interest they will manifest. "It is as important to care for the grain you have on hand as it is to collect more." Spoke of the great good teachers can do, if ' they have As we are the spirit of their work. judged from the books it is very necessary that our records should be full and complete, not to have our names enrolled and then seldom or never attend our meetings." Read an extract from the sermon of President Joseph F. Smith upon the Relief Society delivered at the last general conference, commenting on the and tc our progenitors; importance the te'aching of children in regard to the Word of Wiifeo? for the amusements of children, also of gaining and retaining their confidence; spoke on the magnitude of the Relief So- ciety work (3500 enrolled) loving our to-u- enemies, despising evil speaking, keeping the Sabtath day and all the command-me- n 1 ts. ... Sister Julia Farnsworth spoke of individual! ty, of our work, blessings of good husbands and children, benefits of nursing classes and knowing how to care for our bodies; spoke of the Woman's building and what Relief Society work included- Pres. Parkinson addressed the conference on'Tnlluence of Relief Society work," its progress.and spoke of prophecy being fulfilled that was uttered at its organiza- tion, how beautiful and ennobling its mission was, advised kindness, and gave words of encouragement. Sister Hyde related her bearing of testimony to two noted women in regard to woman's equality . being recognized since self-sacrific- e, the Prophet uttered those words and turned the key, which will place woman -- side by side with man. Pres. Benson thanked the sisters for their visit; advised the local officers to pray for wisdom. Choir sang an anthem. Benediction by Bishop H. Geddes. - EDITORIAL NOTES. "Twelve thousand little ones.ranging in same. age from nine to fourteen years are workof the anthracite Sister Woodruff wanted each Relief ing in the Society to consider the sending of sisters field. Would this be allowed if the woto Dr. Roberts' class to be instructed in men of the United States had-- vote." ' coal-breake- rs a obstetrics. "Baroness Alexandra Gripenburg has Counselor Salina Phillips hoped all been nominated for the Finnish Parliawould do their duty that the Relief SoUnder the new constitution of ciety might become what it was designed ment. it should be. Encouraged Mothers' Work. Finland, women not only have the " full Counselor Olive Kimball was thankful ballot, but are eligible for all offices. for the presence of the visiting sisters-Hope"Mile. Brustlein.the daughter of a Swiss all would practice upon what they deputy, took her seat on the magistrate's had heard. President Layton was gratified' with all bench at Zurich, on Octobers, and in that had been said and done in confer- company with her men colleagues trieda time ence. Hoped what we had heard would several cases, This is the first enthuse us with a renewed determination woman has sat on the bench in Switzerland." to more fully perform our duty Conference adjourned for six months. Dr, Elizabeth Blackwell, the earliest Sarah Webb, Cor. Sec. woman physician, sailed from Boston for ONEIDA STAKE. Liverpool on the Saxonia on October 10. She is now nearly 86, and is still in good ( Concluded?) d health. Afternoon session. Whitney choir furnished the music. After singing and prayer, choir sang an anthem. Instrumental music was given by Annie and Vera Parkinson, and much enjoyed. ' ' ' . v Sister Annie T. IJyde addressed', the conference-i- n a spirited mannertouch-in- g the following subjects: Mothers attending Y. L. M. I. A.;- temple work, its Ex. DR. ELLIS R. SHIPP LADIES' SPECIALIST - TEACHER OF R. K. -- THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. Obstetrics and 6,-b9,lrMainSt, SaltLake CityUtah. WE. ARE IN OUR, NEW STORE, and solicit you? patroaage. . I We aim to give you II I WW Nursing RO0M417"TEMPLETON BUILDING Phone 4372 y Salt Lake City ' 