Woman's Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, JANUARY, 1906 Vol. 34 CONTENTS. Relief Society Annual Greeting RELIEF SOCIETY ANNUAL GREETING. Bathsbeba W. Smith Lecture Given 4i on Mothers' Work Ella Woolf Baxter R. S. Reports The Sea of Galilee Passing Thoughts In Memoriam 42 43 46 46 Relief Society Reports Editorial: Correction Nctire to Stake The Holiday Season retaries 47 Sec- A Hundred Years of Progress Editorial Notes Poetry: To Our Remaining Veterans ' Mine A 44 4& L. 41 Frost 43 D, Alder 43 G. I. Lydia Lelia Marler 43 Maud Bagerly 43 TO OUR REMAINING VETERANS. Ye aged, honored Saints who knew The Prophet Joseph Smith in life; Who with the Church are proving true, 'Mid all the hardships, toils and strife It has passed and is passing through, Dear faithful ones, I reverence you! You listened to his voice, its tone. When he proclaimed the things of God; Your feet have touched the turf, the stone, Whereon the' Prophet's feet have trod; The warm clasp of his hand you've known, Your eyes have looked into his own, What writer now can catcb the glow That inspiration's fire must lend, And cause with eloquence to flow Such living words as have been penned, By those who did the Prophet knowSnow? Phelps, Tay lor, Pratt land E. R, I deem it yet a privilege grand. A blessing which I value much, That I mav sometimes clasp a hand, That knew the Pi. phet's kind true touch; And more that I can understand The truth he taught by God's command, Ye veterans speak, where'er ye may, And testify of Joseph still; The clouds of unbelief, today, t Which shroud the earth, 'tis Satan s win Should blind, and lead our youth astray God save them roll the mists away! Gvl make the youth of Zion strong! Ye veterans, help us pray this prayer; That they may triumph over wrong, And bv their lives the truth declare; The clouds are dense, the way seems long, Where Satan and his servants throng. Yet God is powerful today, As when His youthful Prophet rose, And dared His mandates to obey, And by His death o'ercame his foes. O Lord, Thy power and love display, And turn the flood of doubt away! God bless the man and woman too, With silvered hair and furr wed cheek, Who lived at Kirtland or Nauvoo And all who hearken while they speak, And testify they saw and knew. That Joseph was a Prophet true! L. L. Greene Richards. Dec. 1905. SMITH ADDRESS- us. Soothe the sad, succor the oppressed, Visit the widow and the fatherless. THE WORLD. List to the sound that rolling chime, Hark! 'tis the busy knell of Time; The year has gone, And borne along the hopes and fears, The smiles a nd tears of multitudes unknown to song. It is good to reflect on the past, but beyond and above its shades of sorrow, and errors, our duty ever rises before IN ALL 42 L. D. Alder A.W. C. 4& Oregon W- - ES ASSOCIATE WORKERS Obituary L. Green Richaids Christmas Bells No Farewell Some Day PRESIDENT BATHSHEBA No. 7 E. R. Snow. The closing year of 1905, which is the hundredth birthday of the Prophet stirs my mind with a multitude of thoughts. In fancy I go back to my childhood and youth in Virginia Elders come crying, "Repent and be baptized for the kingdom of heaven is at hand," and, as of yore, I am stirred with the glad tidings of the restoration of the Gospel of Christ; once again I gather with the Saints in Missouri, and hear the horrid yells of the mobbers as Joseph and Hyrum are captured by them. I see the wounded and dying; I am driven from Missouri, but meet with joy at Quincy, in a conference of the Church, Joseph and Hyrum, and the Apostles, who are there called to to labor in Europe. The Prophet I recall and his wondrous spiritual power,, intelligence loving kindHis ness, and great goodness of heart! sermons, sayings, the organization of our His revelaown Relief Society in 1842. tions, persecutions, martyrdom and the There is grief of the Saints thereat. little left save our homes and families in this world, but the Gospel becomes even more to me: now follows the burning of our homes and the forced exodus from Nauvoo in the dead ol winter. The elements rage upon and about us, but we are able to endure, to rest at last, though in the shadow of death, as it were, for here we part with a multitude of our loved ones. But, rising from our weakness, in obedience to the servants of the Most High, we proceed, crossing trackless plains, fording swollen streams, scaling rugged mountain heights, and descending into "The Valley," to find rest from persecution and comfort in the desert. All the events of those trying years unite today, revealing to me in the evening of life, the overshadowing importance of the plan cf salvation. A comforting message from the Giver of all good seems to give me this sweet assurance that nought that was suffered and nought that was accomplished, no matter how dear the price, was without avail; yea, our wounds were seared over with wisdom, pain gave birth to patience, and our martyred Saints rose, peradventure, our best petitioners in the courts above. And I am convinced that it were better to be faithful and enduring to the end showing worthiness in overmastering self arid upholding the standard of truth, than to rest, in apathy and ease, forgetful of God and unmindful of the weak, the weary and desolate. To go from house to house, seeking out the poor, the cast down, minister to the sick, lay out the dead, gathering and distributing, as you haye done, my sisters, for so many years, gifts and donations for relief. And yet we have a larger mission to teach the mother to rear her young in simplicity and in truth and virtue, that happy home circles may abound in our midst. And yet we have still a greater mission. We faint not in our efforts to teach others but display a great lack of true religion, when our own faults remain When will we learn that the beam is in our own eye and the mote only disturbs the vision of our neighbor. We are called upon by the still small voice, a whispering from our Father, to work out our own salvation. Briefly the constructive parts of the plan of salvation are these: What man is, God once was, what God is now, man may be; the glory of God is intelligence-Nothincan be annihilated and no act lost. It is impossible to be saved in ignoranceThe Spirit of God, which is the Holy Ghost and the comforter, surrounds us and pervades tte universe, and is the medium by which we may receive the inspiration of God toward intelligence and through which it is our right to receive comfort; and finally that Faith Hope and Charity are necessary for Divine Grace but that the greatest of these is charity! un-mend- g Therefore it is plainly necessary that women as well as men, cease not while life lasts to study diligently, for the knowledge which is of greatest worth. To me the best step towards this is for us to throw off the cu se of drudgery by learn- ing to do our work so well, that we will love to do it and have cause for rejoicing over the achievements of our hands. Let us learn of the handiwork of God. by the study of nature, search out her Let us flowers, her moods, her laws. our to improve study thoughts, reaching up toward our Heavenly Father, praying for the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Let us improve our language in our homes and among our children that our words be not idle complaining nor vain, but as nothing can be lost, cheerful.hope-fu- l, intelligent, 'reflecting a charitable spirit. Let us open the books of life and salvation, and study also the great authors poets and painters, that our minds may be clothed with intelligence and our hearts abound with human feeling. And here I am inclined to offer a thought for the year's work before us. With our multifarious duties we may not be able to call upon some aged or invalid 