A 5o in the Nauvoo Temple, December, 1845. These two sisters, wffose lives were so closely interwoven, were just the opposite in looks and temperament. Ann A., was very tall, of dark complexion, black silken hair, and very dark eyes, was in- rather delicate. tensely spiritual and Amanda was of medium height, fair complexion, blue eyes and light hair, was rather temporal, or seemed more wrapped up in the affairs of this life than her sister, and never knew until she wis advanced in years what sickness meant, Ann A. was gentle, kind, and had great sympathy for the delicate and weak. She was rather Quakerish in her. dress, and seemed to avoid society, or shrank from the association of Grangers, and she ap- OMAN'S EXPONENT At this time Amanda was but thirty-eigyears of age. She was the mother ht of four sons, and she was ever a true mother to her children, and true to the end to this great and noble man of God. She had been his wife for time and she knew she would be his throughout the endless eternities. She loved him and he loved her. The following is an extract from a letter from Heber C. Kimball to his wife Amanda: "I have no fault to find with you. I can say God bless my wite Amanda with all things that she shall wish for that will make her course safe to the haven of rest." At the time of his death, his wife, Ann was very low with bronchitis and it was feared her mortal end was near. But her love for her children and the peared happier at home than abroad unless she could administer help and comgreat desire of her heart was to see them fort to her friends and to the sick and grow to manhood aud womanhood, and this buoyed her up. And with the faith those who were in need. Amanda was quick to speak, of high and prayers of her friends and loved ones temperament, given to plain speech; with and the blessing of God, she lived, but her a "spade was a spade." She loved she never recovered her health, and and craved company, the association of after eleven years of patient suffering, on the young and the old, and was never the 2th day of October, 1879, sne passed e She was known to refuse an invitation to a social to the great beyond. of and or old. She ten months was enjoyment. any place years gathering These two sisters were baptized the same the mother of five children, three sons and two daughters. Her sister Amanda day they received their patriarchal blessThey were both had not been blessed with daughters, ings the same day. sealed for time and all eternity to the consequently her heart and sympathy same husband. They lived together, went out to these two motherless girls, reared their children together, and loved and they turned to her, and Aunt each other's children. Together they Amanda became their second mother. participated in the trials, persecutions, Henceforth she was as devoted to them mobbings and drivings of the Saints from and their children as to her own. The next great sorrow that came to their beautiful city, Nauvoo, and from their sacred Temple, from their homes her was the death of her third son, And they remained Jeremiah. He had been called to go and possessions. with the "Camp of Israel" upon the Mis- on a mission to Germany to preach the souri river, in 1846-7- , while their husband Gospel. From the moment he recame west as one of the pioneers with ceived his call until his death, he had President Brigham Young. In 1848, the a foreboding of death to himself or one brethren having returned to Winter of his loved ones- He had a wife and Quarters to lead the main body of the three children (one had died previous to Church westward, these two sisters came his call.) with the rest of their husband's family, In a letter to his mother, who was Their then visiting her oldest son in Paris, though in different companies. journey across the plains, which to many Bear Lake, he wrote: seemed laborious, was to Amanda one "Mother, if ever there was any one long pleasure trip- She took her share who needed the help of the Lord it of the work and the hardship uncomis me, at the present timeI feel that plainingly, and it has always been a I am going to my death. But I feel pleasure to listen to her stories of the that I am in the hands of the Lord. good times they had on that journey, and And what man has done, man can do likewise when they first came to these again. I hope by our faith and prayers of midst in the I will be privation valleys, though protected, and find all well and want. She always took a great deal when I return. May God bless you of pleasure and satisfaction in dyeing and all of us, and all of His people wool or yarn, in spinning, carding or from day to day, Good-byFrom mill or for the hands," anything your downcast but ever loving son and "cooking that came her way. She was well and to all men, Jeremiah." strong and was never known to shirk any The foreboding anxiety and gloom that duty. Her first great sorrow was the Deseret he seemed unable to throw off reduced of husbandThe death her News in flesh twenty pounds in the three him of Evening Mcndiy, June 22, 1868, in an extended editorial thus announced weeks before his departureOn the his death: "A prince and a great man has night of May 25, 1887, while on his this day passed from among us. Presi- way to Germany to fulfill his mission, dent Heber C. Kimball, who was born he was accidentally killed by falling from June 14, I801, fell asleep at twenty min- the train between Fort Scott and Camas, utes to eleven o'clock this morning, June Kansas, This was a heavy blow to his 22nd, after a pilgrimage on the earth of wife and children, and mother and the n entire family, for we all loved Jerry. years and eight days." His last words uttered distinctly the His body was brought back to Salt Lake evening before his death were: "Truth, City and buried there June 1. The eternal Truth," and it was the testimony funeral services were held in the Sevenof this "Truth, eternal Truth" that teenth ward, of which he was a member. burned in the souls of his wives, the Bishop O. F. Whitney preached the funmothers of his children, that braced them eral sermon. Aunt Amanda was an active worker in up in this the hour of their bereavement. A-- . 1 fifty-on- ; - - - e. well-wish- er - - sixty-seve- the Relief Society and was always devoted to her religion, always remembered her donations and tithing, though at times it was but the "widow's mite." She took a great deal of comfort working in the Temple. She did considerable work for the dead, but her chief delight seemed to She be in entertaining her friendsseemed supremely happy when she could get up a nice dinner and invite her It was her cusfriends to eat with her. tom to have her own children and her sister Ann A'f. children together at her home at least once a year. It can be truly said that at her home "the latch string hung on the outside." At Conference time she always had a house full, and there seemed always room for one And when circumstances were more. such that she could not be at home to wait upon her friends, she would leave the key with instructions to help themselves, and be at home, for they were welcome. Many of her country friends, who had been in the habit of partaking of her hospitality when they come to Conference, will miss her: but her children and her sister's children are now the - chief mourners-Ther- e is a vacant place in their home, an aching void in their hearts that only time can heal. For at the old Kimball homestead in the Eighteenth Ward, at six minutes before nine o'clock on the evening of November 4, 1904, death relieved the suffering of Aunt Amanda, and her freed spirit passed into eternal rest. She had been ailing for about a week with an acute attack of pneumonia, and in spite of all that could be done for her in the way of medical help and in administrations of the healing ordinance, she gradually grew weaker, though at times rallying, but finally succumbing to the disease that had fastened its fatal grip upon her. Among those who administered to her in her last hours were President Joseph F. Smith, Elder J. Golden Kimball and Bishop O. F. At times she revived, and Whitney. it seemed that she might recover, but inability to sleep, or to take proper nourishment, intensified the malady from which she was suffering until death came. She was in her seventy-fift- h year. She had led an active life, and was energetic and industrious to the end. She wanted to live. She found joy in living. No matter how dark the clouds seemed, Aunt Amanda could always see a silver lining, could always see something to live for. Considering the circumstances that surrounded her, and the many odds that were against her, she found more real pleasure in life than any woman I have ever known. She recognized her loved ones and was conscious until the last moment. She fought against death and prayed incessantly for life. But she was suffered to go by Him who doeth all things well. She was the mother of four children, twenty-eiggrandchildren and ten great grandchildren. The funeral services were held in the Eighteenth ward chapel, Monday, November 7, at 2 o'clock, Bishop Walter J,Beatie of the Seventeenth ward presiding. The speakers were Biship Beatie, Bishop George Romney, Bishop 0. F. Whitney and President Joseph F. Smith. All of the remarks were eulogistic of the deceased, and many feeling references ht 