WOMAN'S EXPONENT. cutions in Missouri and Nauvoo; he had in the Mothers' Work; usually make 5 or alway been a pioneer, and was a member 6 quilts for winter for the poor, and exof the Mormon Battalion. Singing and pect to do so again. President Frieda benediction- - Conference adjourned until Edmunds of Wales said they helped the missionaries and the sick by means of 1:30 p.m. Afternoon session- After the usual ex- socials. Had gathered considerable ercises, the general and stake officers money in that way. There had been a were sustained. Sister Mary B. Henry great deal of sickness and for that reason was sustained as assistant secretary and they had been obliged to discontinue treasurer by vote. their meetings. Believed that trials and Sister Mary J. Hards reported Glines sickness draw us closer to our Heavenly wards society as being in fair condition- - Father, and bore her testimony to the An essay by Sister Mary B. Henry of goodness of the Lord, although she had Vernal ward .society, was read "Neglect been sorely afflicted, having lost a beauof duty." tiful babe, and another child had his leg from Mt. Dell. President Lovina Allred of broken, Song was Sister Rhoda Goodrich spoke of the Chester said their meeting-hous- e different organizations of the Church; being repaired and they had met in priurged the mothers to see that their boys vate houses for work meetings. Had and attend Deacon's meeting; she also re- donated $2 for their meeting-hous- e in for had also made ferred to the Church schools; advised all it, so that the carpet future they will have a comfortable place to uphold those placed over them. Brother John N. Davis spoke of the in which to meet. t duties of a mother toward her children; Song by Sina felt like assisting the Relief Society as Mary E. Simmonsen of Freedom said they held work meetings much as he could. Sister Olive Bingham said it was like which were better attended than their being back home to meet with the sisters regular testimony meetings- Have money of Mt. Dell;' she had lived among them with which to buy wheat when they get so long, been some time since she moved a place to put it; had passed through away; she always felt well in laboring many trials, having lost three children in with the sisters of the Relief Society and one week. Sister Clarissa Williams (Treasurer of doing all the good she could. General Society) was more than the Song Lorn Vernal. Sister A. K, Bartlett made a few re- pleased to meet with the Relief Society Had begun in this work early. marks in regard to the duties of the sis- sisters. Was ters. appointed a teacher at 18, next bePresident Colton thanked the sisters came secretary, and afterward, president of Mt. Dell for their hospitality; thought of the ward, then treasurer of the Generthat by taking the conferences to the al Society, and now president of the Salt different wards it would be a benefit to Lake work meetings in private those that are not able to attend when it houses. Said mothers' meeting should was held at one place. Conference adjourned for be combined with testimony meeting; had Singing. three months, to be held in Vernal. Ben- listened with pleasure to the reports. It is commendable the way the sisters assist ediction by A. K. Bartlett. the brethren in building, carpeting, and Phebe A. Merkley, Secy. furnishing the ward houses-SisteHattie B. Harker was very much NORTH SANPETE. pleased to be present in conference. Relief Society Conference of the North Said throughout Salt Lake Stake, Ward Sanpete Stake, held in Mt. Pleasant Relief Society conferences are held annuSept. 5, 1905, Pres. Williamina H. Erick-se- n ally to bring the work before the people presiding. After the usual exercises, of the respective wards. Felt to conopening remarks were made by President gratulate the people here on their pleasWilliamina Ericksen. ant surroundings. President Levee Stewart of Milburn was Singing and benediction. Said they the first to report her ward- had not been able to hold their meetings Conference reconvened at 2 p. m. regularly. Some of their number having moved away and others being unable to General and Stake officers were unaniattend their numbers were low. Hoped mously sustained. Statistical and finanto be able to do better.but they had made cial report of the past year was read. a quilt. In the absence of the president President Ellen Tullgren of Spring City of the Fairview society, Sistei Terry re- thought they had a good organization in ported it- Said they had a good attend- her ward. The ward is building a new and the sisters have conance, especially in their testimony meet- meeting-hous- e ings. Have 4 quilts and 2300 bushels of tributed one thousand dollars since the wheat on hand, besides other things in building was commenced. the treasury. Sister Simpson of Mt. Pleasant South President Anna M. Hardy of Moroni Ward reported their society in the abWas sorry the said they had interesting meetings. Had sence of the president. Morrison was too feeble Sister were their and very president, building completed Lord would the but it. of raised be a and Held bazar to hoped proud present, some money. Have sheep, and shares in bless and strengthen her- - Had sold the store from which they derive a divi- their wheat; had plenty in the treasury dend. Teachers report the sick and for the poor and tried to look after their wants. Counselor Nielson of the Mount Mary Guymon, Fountain Pleasant North Ward said their meetings Green, said in her ward, the president, were quite well attended and their treasofficers and teachers work unitedly in the ury well filled. Their wheat in connec-io- n interest of the Relief Society. The with that of the South Ward had young mothers are becoming interested been sold and had not been replaced on - Clark-Presiden- - account of not having any place to put Jane Seely, one of the pioneers, testified to seeing the prophet and had passed through many of the persecutions and mobbings of early days. Sister Mary Wilcox, another pioneer, related her exHad perience in crossing the plains. ox driven an team all the way. Had been in the mobbings but had been preserved. Had raised a large family and had never buried a child. A paper "Motherhood a Profession," from Spring City. Song by Beatrice Ericksen "Face to Face." Sister Harker hoped the Lord would direct her remarks in the proper channel. Explained what the sisters were trying to do for girls who go to Salt Lake to obtain employment, but hoped mothers would not put all the responsibility upon them. Sister Clarissa Williams had been very much interested Hoped the young women would become more interested in this work than they have been in the past. Motherhood is the greatest gift that can be bestowed upon woman. Keep your girls home under your own influence-Presiden- t C. N. Lund had been much interested. Said he thought women had the gift of reaching the heart of man more than men had. The most impressive speeches he had ever heard were from women of the Relief Society. Closing remarks by Pres. Williamina Ericksen. Song by the Glee Club. Benediction. Stake Secretary R.S. Stake-Encourage- r - RELIEF SOCIETY ANNIVERSARY. On account of the Stake Conference occurring on the 17th, our Local Presidency deemed it best to have the annual celebration of the Relief Society of Cedar City, Utah, on the 15th of March, 1906. A meeting was held in the afternoon and a very interesting program was carried out and enjoyed bv an appreciative audience. In the evening a dance interspersed with songs, readings, etc., was enjoyed by the brethren and sisters present. Light refreshments were served and a general handshake and good wishes were A good, sociable feeling exchanged. prevailed and the Relief Society party was voted a good success. Jane P. Mackelprang. ANNIVERSARY. IOSEPA, SKULL VALLEY. The annual meeting of the Relief Society was held at the residence of Sister Ellen C. Cole, March 17, 1906, in memory of the first organization of the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith. President Pakekepa Kailikea with her Counselors, Ellen Makaiau and Kalawai-ann- a Kalua, presided. ' Meeting commenced by singing from page 29 of the "Hoku Ao Nani." Prayer was offered by Sister Mary Mokuilima. Continued by singing from page 33 "Hoku Ao Nani," Roll was called, minutes of the meeting held March 17, 105, were read by the secretary and approved. No program had been prepared, so the sis- - 