' . .r- , 3. , -f , . . ' : i. " - I.' ' WOMAN'S PXPeX&M-- st and His uower'shall preserve fcpln this work. It is too late for our enemies to enact such scenes as the people passed ' days." Prayed for a through blessing on all that may be said or done this day. The presidents of wards pave their remanner, ports Jn their usual spirited good,-healt"showing thTnKewafdrwere in tr condition and the sisters alive in their duties. Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry, of the General Society, addressed "the meeting. "We enjoy a good spirit when we meet in a beautiful room like this. We are teaching more every day by what we are than by what we say. Many are starving for kind words and sympathy. The Lord sends the sunshine and the good things of the earth to all, then let us appreciate our blessings, even the grandeur of the mountains and of the beautiful sunset. Let us see the goodness of God in our abundant blessings of field and meadow, of garden and orchard. The Lord has promised to take care of His people. When trouble comes we want to push forward and ask ourselves, Will I stand will I support the authorities?! The author-ities.an- d speaker had associated with the had seen the purity of heart and the beauties of their character. Spoke of the training of children. It should begin with their earliest years, when they "Often mothers think are quite small they can break the stubborn will, but you might as well think cf breaking their backs. Keep your child from evil sights 011 and soundsand do not your walls that will lead to evil in the minds of your children to bring forth fruit ' 11c in-ea- rly hy . . put-picture- s in after years." ? Singing, "'Mid scenes of confusion and NOTES AND NEWS;' AIiftrQpn session. ' After the opening exercises, more reof ports were given by. the presidents wards showing unity and a desire to do '." '. their duty.- missionstake An address was given by ary Sina Chipman on "The use of theol ogy to Relief Society workers." Thee evebi hour by. Son'Ilieed StorrsSister Prudence Extracts from Pres. James IT, Clark s address: This Church in its simplicity is wonderful. It "reaches to the inmost soul of man and woman- - Youjiave received inspiration and instruction today that is priceless. Teach your children to be sincere in their prayers, and make it a habit to go to the Lord for His protection and. guidance. Spoke of Religion Classes being neglected, the children indulge in too much pleasure: The Primary Associatidn is neglected, and we have no more diligent teachers than our Primary workers. The Lord is fully guiding the destiny of this people. His care and protection are over His Prophet and our leaders, and this work will go on triumphant to the end. Counselor Annie C Hindley bore testimony to the Holy Spirit. Let us take time to serve the Lord, and not separate in the morning until we have called our family together and committed them to the care of the Lord. The mother can attend to this duty when the father is Let us called away to his daily labor! uphold and sustain our Pr6phet and those in authority over us, for it is by. prophecy and revelation that we were organized. Sister Bennett, of Provo, bore testimony that the Spirit of the Lord was here today, and could, fancy that the angels were among us. . Urged the young mothers to come forward and join the Relief Society, and make their flame and influence felt for good, President Standring made closing remarks. Had taken pleasure and satisfaction in the influence of the spirit that had prevailed in the conference. Felt to bless the sisters and their families, and urged them to let it be "the kingdom of God or nothing." May God bless you " ' V ' ' - -- . . creature complaint." Sister Clay ton.jof Provo, said the training of children should commence at their birth. "If they are neglected in those early days they are almost sure to go astray when they grow olden The little spirits are hard to control, but we cannot treat them ,with harshness. Life is too short for mothers toget cross. The control of the child is left often entirely to the mother, thet fathers shirk the respon. sibility, and God will "judge them for this After singing and prayer, conference neglect. We should thank God for trials, was adjourned for three months. for it keeps us in the line of our duty. Emma Eeat'herstone, Sec'y- The path may be thorny, but it is all-Ame- Miss Nora Stanton Blatch, granddaughter, of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, has been appointed a member of the New York City staff of civil engineers in charge of the $161,000,000 Catskill water supply system. ;MissElorence-Nightingal- entered on. her who lately year, re- e, eighty-sevent- h ceived scores of congratulations on her She is feeble physically, but birthday. bright in mind, arid she still interests herself in the Nightingale Nurses' Training It is not generally known that Home. Miss Nightingale in her youth had a great wish to study medicine, a profession then closed to women. When Elizabeth Black-we- ll was pursuing her medical studies in London; Miss Nightingale used often to come and sit with her in her stuffy little bedroom, and talk over their common aspirations for woman's welfare- - Miss g advocate Nightingale has been a of suffrage for women. When asked her reasons, she answered, I have no reat, sons, It seems to me almost an axiom, that every householder and taxpayer should have a voice in the expenditure of the money we pay, including, as this does, interests the most vital to a human being." life-lon- self-eviden- The ministers of at least thirty churches in Philadelphia on the Sunday before election implored their flocks to vote for the reform candidates. But, as two thirds of the members of their flocks were womcandien without votes, the dates were elected. anti-refor- m "Birthday Calendar of Suffrage Women" has been prepared by Jane A. Stewart. It is "perpetual," i. e., by an ingenious arrangement, the dates can be made to fit any year, simply by shifting a little slip. It is enriched with portraits of Lucre-ti- a Mott, Lucy Stone, Mrs. Stanton, Miss Anthony, Julia Ward Howe, Mrs, Liver-morFrances Willard, and Mrs. Lillian M. N. Stevens, and gives the dates of the,,, birthdays of a great number of famous wofnen. In this particular it would be a A e, special help to suffrage, clubs that would like to commemorate some distinguished woman at each meeting. There are many quotations in favor of equal suffrage. Those on the first page are from Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt and Mrs. William Grey, the founder of the President M. Cary Thomas of Bryn Mawr. . Maria Grey Training College for Women, The calendar would make an excellent at Brondesbury, England, has latelv Christmas be ordered died, aged ninety. Woman and Progress from the present. It may Woman's Journal office, Boston,-Mass(London says: "Mrs. Grey .was one of Price, 30 cents. the earliest advocates of the higher education of. worn n, and took a prominent part m founding the National Union for Improving the Education of Worn en. an organization out of which the Girl's Pub- a" ho Company developed. x? Mrs. Grey was also a well known supLADIES' SPECIALIST porter of the women's suffrage -- straight - -- President Stephen L, Chipman had . and the been pleased with remarks made. The. teaching was excellent, and should be of lasting benefit to all. We should appreciate our conditions and acknowledge the hand of the Lord in all our circumstances in life and be satisfied. President, A. J. Evans made a few remarks. His heart was in the cause, and he felt the sisters were doing their duty, and prayed God to bless them in their la bors. After singing and benediction, confer ence adjourned until 2 o'clock. the-report- s " well-chos- en -- DR, ELLIS R.SHIPP -- THOMAS DRY GOODS CO Obstetrics and Nursing JiUVjamW-Salt-Lak- e CityrUtahr : WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and sollcit ' your patronage. v x. as uuch as possible for your money. n h . TEACHER OF R. K. 4. We aim to nve von TRY US . ROOM 417 TEMPLETON BUILDING Phone 4372 y - ' - ' Salt Lake City I i I 