WOMAN'S EXPONENT. liar people, whom the Lord has called to bring about his divine purposes. The prophecies of ancient and modern prophets are being fulfilled, and in this the Latter-day Saints are having their personal discipline and experiences, and may look for greater events than have yet transpired in the history of the world- A HUNDRED YEARS OF PROGRESS. THE BOY PROPHET. One hundred years ago, in an obscure town in the Green Mountain State, Vermont, a baby boy first saw the light of day; this babe, as we know now, was destined to bring about great changes in the religious world and in the lives and fortunes of many peoples; changes for the betterment of physical conditions as well as to teach great truths with the wisdom not of books, or the learning gained from great teachers familiar with sciences, or from men of higher education, but with the understanding quickened by the Holy Spirit that flows from the fountain of light, and is like a well-spriof living water that never fails. Unless one accepts this theory it is not possible to account for the marvelous works which have been brought to pass through the power of the Priesthood, this boy received from those who came and ministed unto him from the regions of glory, the world of heavenly light. Think what a wonderful manifestation was given this lad when but fourteen years of age, he went into the woods to pray, to inquire of the Lord, which of all the different churches was the right one. The boy was so wrought upon in the midst of a great religious revival that prevailed in the vicinity, that he knew not what to do- He searched the Scriptures for light and found the passage in the Epistle of James which reads, "If any of you lack wisdom let him ask of God who giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not and it shall be given him," and this young Joseph, with implicit faith, sought the Lord in humility and prayer, he was alone, it was his first prayer vocally, and he felt the powerful influence of nature. The poet says "the groves were God's first temples," and no doubt like Jacob of old he wrestled mightily in solemn prayer, and a voice from on high spoke to him, and directed him what course he must take. The world would not believe him. Many times afterwards heavenly messengers were sent to minister unto him, and he suffered almost continuous persecution because of unbelief. Subsequently he received knowledge of the hidden record and translated it by the gift and power of the Holy Ghost, the work was beginning to grow, the restoration of the Everlasting Gospel in the Latterng - dispensation. When one reflects upon what the he Prophet Joseph did in the few years lookwas permitted to teach and preach, ing at the matter as a serious problem, taking the bare facts of the case into consideration, an unlettered boy, one cannot but feel it to be a marvel and a and organizing a church and enunciating doctrines, that cannot be controverted by the most celebrated divines a church that has held people together as a body of religious worshipers for three -day wonder-Foundin- g quarters of a century, people too of many nations, looking at it naturally it seems incredible, and yet it has been demonstrated in the eyes of the whole world. Nothing could produce the effect of uniting together people of such a great variety of nations, languages, customs, habits and sentiments to live in peace and harmony and establish themselves in communities, fulfilling temporal duties and obligations except the Spirit of the Lord; all testify alike of the divinity of the Gospel as revealed though the Prophet Joseph Smith, and carried forward by his successors in office down to the present time. The truths proclaimed by the Prophet Joseph have permeated the world, not only has the Everlasting Gospel as taught by the Savior and His Apostles been preached in many lands and in thousands of cities bringing converts by tens of thousands, but the influence accompanying these divine principles has spread like the mustard seed, blown hither and thither, and has developed a vast change of sentiment among the children of men, light has come into the world, the glorious, radiating light that will eventually revolutionize the world of mankind, and men yet unborn will come to acknowledge the boy Prophet a great benefactor, as well as Seer and Revelator. The saying of the celebrated Josiah Quincy of Massachusetts, who visited the Prophet Joseph SmiLh at Nauvoo, 111., in company with Hon- Charles Francis Adams, Sr., on the 15th of May, 1844, forty-thredays before the martyrdom, has at present every likelihood of coming to pass. In describing his impressions of this man whom he saw, among other remarks in his published report, he made use of the following language: "It is not at all improbable that some text book for the generations yet unborn might contain this question: What historical American of the nineteenth century has exerted the most powerful influence upon the desti- e And it is by no nies of his countrymen. means impossible that the answer might be Joseph Smith the Mormon Prophet." The erection of the handsome and durable marble monument on the spot where this baby boy was born marks an event that will mean much to the children of Zion, more potent in creating sentiment than volumes of written history; it is an object lesson that will be of lasting duration, and will attract the attention of strangers, as well as our own people. This hundredth anniversary has had a telling effect in many ways; it has revived old memories of those who knew the Prophet personally, and brought out many incidents of his life and recollections of the man himself, his majestic appearance, his commanding figure, his dignified bearing, his gracious manner, his innate refinement, his spiritual eloquence, his great gift of healing the sick and afflicted, and in short everything pertaining to his religious, social and domestic life, that could be told by those most familiar with him under all the peculiar circumstances that he had to meet and combat with, in introducing and carrying forward the work to which he had been called by divine authority. as Joseph Smith was as tender-hearte- d of all is this the testimony a little child, and yet he had the courage of a lion, it is 45 a true saying that "the gentlest are the bravest," Joseph Smith the Prophet was assuredly a philanthropist in the broadest acceptation of the term. In all his labors he proved the philanthropic nature of his character. The Church he founded, hav- ing been called of God, gave to man and woman equal privileges of voting on all subjects, and at that time, in 1830, such a thing was unheard of, as far as our knowledge of churches extends; and he vas the first man to organize the women of the Church into a philanthropic society, taking the initiative himself, retiring from the meeting while they elected their own officers; advising them to observe parliamentary usage in their meetings. This was March 17, 1842, long before woman's organizations had become a part and parcel of the world's activities. This benevolent society named by the few women who met together in that first meeting "The Relief Society" has grown and flourished ever since, and of the small number assembled on that occasion, there is now just one representative woman to testify of the commencement of that event which marks an epoch in the progress of women in this "dispensation of the fulness of times." This woman, Bathsheba W. Smith, is the General President of the Society, that at the present time reaches around the world, and is not only national but international in its scope, having branches in many foreign lands and on the islands of the sea, and it is a favorite saying of its President and others, that the sun never sets upon the Relief Society, which is verily true. The women of the world who deride the name and who defame. the character of Joseph Smith, should take a little time to look up on his advanced ideas of woHis gentle, chivalrous and manhood. reverential manner towards all women was a distinguishing trait in the character of this most remarkable and wonderful man. One could not meet him even casually without feeling the potent influence of the atmosphere that enveloped him, as entirely different from other men of the same period. Though he was indeed the greatest man of his time (that the writer has ever seen) yet one of his chief attributes was humility, and also forbearance with the weaknesses and frailties of those with whom he was brought in contact. The Prophet Joseph Smith revealed to this generation many mighty truths hitherto unknown in the world of mankind, and the work founded by him has brought salvation to many thousands, and they have been shown how to live, and what to do, that future happiness in the family relation might be secured. There is no other church that teaches these fundamental truths- One of the - greatest testimonies of the divinity of work established by the the Latter-daProphet Joseph through revelation and authority from on high is the knowledge obtained concerning sacred temples, wherein holy ordinances are performed for the living and the dead. To those who have entered into this sublime work with pure hearts, it has given them higher views of this life, and has opened up vistas of light and understanding that no gold or riches could purchase from them. Can one imagine greater progress than this, the unfolding of hidden mysteries, y 