WOMAN'S RESOLUTIONS OK RESPECT. At a meeting of the Relief Society of the Lynne Ward, held March 29, 1906, the following resolutions were unanimously adop ed: Whereas our Heavenly and All wise Father has in his wisdom seen fit to renove from our midst within the last year our beloved sisters, Mary E. Hutchins, first counselor, Ellen Salisbury, teacher, and Sarah Y. Thomas, secretary, who were noble, righteous women and ever willing to assist in every good cause; and Whereas their deeds of and good works will be greatly missed by all, therefore be it Resolved that in their death the Relief Society of the Lynne Ward lose some of their most valiant workers and dearest friends; and be it further Resolved, that we tender our heartfelt sympathy to their loved ones in this hour of bereavement and affliction, and that their memories be revered as everything that is ennobling and uplifting, and be a bright star for their loved ones to follow; and also be it Resolved that the above resolutions be spread on the minutes of the Relief Society and be published in the Woman's Exponent and also a copy to be sent to the family of the deceased. self-sacrific- e Hannah Ohlsen, Anna R. Shaw, Anme E. Bolander, Committee. A TRIBUTE OF LOVE. Dear Editor: As officers of the Relief Society of Utah Stake, we desire to express our appreciation of the great work accomplished by our departed president, Sister Mary John. For 21 years she presided over the Relief Society of Utah Stake, which before the division was one of the largest in Zion, numbering 37 branches; she was also for many years previous to being president, secretary of the Relief Society of the Third Ward of this city. The amount of work and prayerful thought required to successfully superintend so many branches is comprehended only by those who understand fully the Relief Society work. Those who sought counsel from Sister John were enlightened and satisfied; for she was humble and pure before God such a one as He uses for His Spirit to flow through continually. Those called to mourn, the needy and the cast down, were warmed, comforted and cheered, for in her presence melancholy must flee as darkness disappears in the presence of the sun. Having truth as her guide, and the Spirit of God as her companion, all the petty trials, sorrows and sufferings of life faded away like temporary visions seen in a dream. Father has released Since the from her mission among us, Sister John may we remember always her sweet smile (an index to her soul) which never failed to greet those with whom she came in contact. And as the flowers and the grain continue to grow through the night from the warmth of the sun through the day, so may the radiance of Sister John's faithful life continue to warm and promote the work she leaves behind. . All-wi- se EXPONENT. EXECUTIVE SESSION, NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN, TOLEDO, OHIO. secretary's report of the national woman's relief society, presented by rebecca e. little, delegate. Madame President, Officers and Members of the National Council of Women of the United States. Dear Friends: A report from the National Woman's Relief Society was in February of 1905 to the Triennial at Washington, D. C. and the time seems so short since then that there appears little to tell of things accomplished. We can assure you, however, of the deep interest we feel in the Council work, and of our sympathy with individual workers who are striving for the good of all, and for the advancement of truth and rightfur-ward- eousness. We know there is a vast army of women who are engaged in various departments of earnest endeavor to make better the lives of those whose lines have not been cast in pleasant places; and to these grand women, we would extend the hand of fellowship and wish them God speed in every noble enterprise undertaken for humanity. In looking back over the past year, although we have kept up regular duties, perhaps we ought not to regret that great things we had desired have not been brought about; for it is the little beautiful acts of kindness, mercy and benevolence that are after all, most helpful and uplifting to the human soul, and in these small things that do not count much upon paper, our women do an infinite amount of good. They minister in loving tenderness to the sick and aged, who have not near and dear ones by them, and when death comes to the relief of suffering humanity, it is the privilege of many to close the eyes that can no longer see and clothe the body in raiment suitable for burial; these are the blessed opportunities of members of No one can perform these our Society. sacred duties without realizing the spirit of that true charity spoken of by Paul the Apostle, the "charity that never faileth," that blesses the giver ten fold in return. Such labors refine and discipline the character and life of those who perform these ministrations in the spirit of true benevolence. The ladies of the Council are many of them somewhat acquainted with our methods of work. We aim for the highest and best in our undertakings, though we often fall short of the standard we have in mind. From our headquarters we send out to the various organizations under the supervision of our General Board, not only letters of instruction from our President, but missionary sisters in pairs, to visit Con- ferences in the several localities as carefully arranged beforehand. These sisters not only speak publicly upon matters to our work, but give advice to those at a distance and assist in organizing new branches or in filling vacancies. Oftn these trips are made where there are no railroads and through mountainous countries. This is really an important part of our work, and very helpful to those For in these far off in remote places. districts away from busy towns, the work par-taini- Provo, March 21, 1906. Martha F. Keeler, President. Emily A. Holbrook, Inez Knight Allen, Counselors. Mary E. Ashworth, Cor- - Secretary. ed ng of caring for the sick and needy, the aged and infirm is quite as necessary as in larger places, and in many instances the needs are greater because the .facilities are not at hand, or the skilled help to be obtainedWe can truthfully say great good to many thousands has been done by our women through this organization, and we are fully prepared to verify this assertion. The classes of nurses that graduate each year, is one of the most efficient ways of helpfulness; and we are gratified with the results of our Relief Society nurse classes as a whole. Imagine what relief these nurses carry into the homes where their services are required, the very expression and appearance of a trained nurse, who loves her work, brings into a household an atmosphere of repose and is a healing I think it has albalm to the sufferer. ready been explained in a former report, that the nurses trained under the auspices of the Relief Society give a certain portion of time to charity nursing; and this gives to them an experience such as no trained nurse who only attends where families are able to pay can ever get, and is more valuable as a life lesson, than dollars and cents. These eharity nurses going as they do into the homes of the meek and lowly are, as it were, angels of mercy in many instances, diffusing sunshine and radiance where darkness and Nursing is indeed gloom had prevailed. an elevating profession. Some years ago we introduced as a part of our educational course what we term mothers' work into our Society; in a certain sense the training of young women for motherhood had always been encouraged and much timely advice and instruction given in a general way, but we have adopted of late years a more regular method by having outlines prepared and lectures in each ward Society on such subjects as relate direct to the preparations for motherhood and the rearing of children. The good results have been apparent in awakening dormant ideas and faculties, and inducing women who had latent talent to use it for their own development and to be helpful to others, their associates, their neighbors and friends, and for the public good. The Relief Society has also much practical work to do, and calls into exercise the executive ability of its members in accumulating means, and in handling, and husbanding it resources. During this past year many more buildings have been erected in various wards and settlements for Society purposes, and considerable grain has been stored, and more granaries have been built. This enterprise of storing grain is peculiar to the women of this Society. Nowhere else in the world have we ever heard of the women of any people, or any Society, laying up grain against a time of need, except in our organizations. It has been an interesting thing and a labor that required some skill to manage. There have been some losses, but in the main the work has been successful. The Jubilee year of the Church, of which the Relief Society sisters are members, donof the grain that had been ated two-thirstored for the three years since the work had been inaugurated for seed to the farmers, this was their offering to the poor, and in some rare instances since in consequence of losses in the wheat crop it has been loaned out to good advantage, - ds 