t. -- ' SSrrf ROMAN'S EXPONENT. .tw...Z! e for musical and otfrer talent for the of getting up a concert on the night of the 6th, which proved quite a success, realizing quite a sum, which went to the fund for assisting .sailors' widows aud pur-pos- -- orphan chileren. On the morniner of the ninth day very eairybeforerxiayH?:htra-t,'rea- l bustling aDOUt; some were -- f fled berg : Shd: Isabels Jacobson! Anderson with, Lura Lorbeer secretary and1 driven to trie station and had only a few moments to wait for the train going to boat Weymouth, where we again took which for my native island of Guernsey, I had left in 1S40, for Newark, New JerI was sey, where I lived two years before married, and I might add here, that at thaLtlrne the jestored and complete gosw--a f s un k n c w n t o ell h e o f "us. rr -- icuhuukiuk pel Now on the little Guernsey island again their luggage, as they were to land at All were early on deck to and this is the 15th of June. After taking Oueenstovvn. buss as formerly) we arlook at the land scenery, which was the train (not a rived at the seaport and parish" of St. extra all were Next up again day grand. We found Mr Stranger's early. This was the tenth day, and we Simpson's. Ten o'clock sister, who took us through the house were near our destination. and the house a. m. we landed at Liverpool, and Then owned by my dear father is the Wes-leya- n we realized how far we were from where I was born. Opposite Methodist chapel and Sunday While at the depot, we were met home. school building, also, where I had taught by two Klders, Elders Thomas and Fairleft the church of banks, who kindly helped us with our after my father had conversed with us -luggage. -- These two brothers were filling England. This lady They guided us for some time, then a mission in Liverpool. we to a hotel called Thomas hotel, man- friends, the Doreyrs, and others; then old took a run down to see t the dear aged by a Mrs. Hiles, a very lady-lik- e woman with whom I conversed a number church where I had been christened while of times on the principles that brought us in infancy. This church was built in iii'u-thinside has been renovated, but the so far from home. anWell, we are in Liverpool now, and outside is the same as built at that this is Sunday, so away we go to hunt up cient date. The few that knew my dear No. 10, Holly Road, to meet with a little father were pleased to see us, and when band of Saints who are the salt of the asked if they remembered him, exclaimed earth, differing from the masses all around them; and very likely most much misunderstood. After the afternoon meeting an Elder took us to a lovely park close by, where the green grass, the flowers and the variety of ferns reminded me of the place of my childhood, the little Guernsey Island. At the next meeting we were introduced to Sister Price and Brother and Sister Hughes and others. Leaving Liverpool next morning we took the train to Cardiff, Wales, and then to Llantrissant, ten miles from Cardiff, and stopping there one. 'day and night we received the. inspiration that we were close to the Miskin manor and Miskin village ; this we were anxious to see, as the Miskin family are naturally proud of this ancient place, which is very picturesque, situated so that it commands a lovely view of the surrounding country.- - Just as we entered the gate we met a son of the present owner and occupant. Judge Gwil-yWilliams, this son of his honor the judge, politely showed us through the house and grounds and exhibited many curiosities, rare shrubs and trees, someof which had been transplanted from India, also some of the heads and horns of animals he had killed while hunting in India;-he then allowed us to valk around a bathing the gardens, and pointed-ou- t place where the Romans used to bathe. After partaking of lunch with part of the family, the lady, who was the mother of this young man, and evidently a church worker, interested us in her work and told us how much had been realized by a church fair. I vish I remembered the a mo u n t, but it was hundreds of po unds they had receiyed from a church fair that hadoeen held on .these grounds. The funds were to be used for erecting a church in the near future, to be built near by on land donated by her or the family. This lady's son expressed the wish and , anticipation of going to the Rocky MounAve tain region, and hope,,when he does. . tyrtindfaithfulnessfister-WTjoHacott and how they had regarded her as the ''Mother of the Los Angeles Branch" for her importunities with the Presidency of the Church were largely responsible for bringing the "Elders to this city, and her home was where the first L. L), S. meetings were held and afterwards the "Woollacott Hall" was tendered to the where we met for several years. Severai of the sisters followed in a similar vein sisters expressing their Jove for-th- e o and -for B nffirprc VVIJ well. Sister Woojlacott gave us her testimony and blessing as also did Sister Jacobson, her most worthy, successor. In the evening we met at the residence of Prest. Jacobson where a banquet was tendered Sister Woollacott and her Counselors by the Relief Society, and some forty sat down to the sumptuous repast prepared by clever and loving hands. The decorations were red and green carnations and smilax. Songs, sentiments and recitations made a pleasant program, and after the dinner was served, Prest. Joseph E. Robinson, in behalf of the society, presented Sister Woollacott witha beautiful silver basin fittingly engraved and of .... r j near mucn Deauiy. uur Msier was so overcome with the eulogy paid her and the beautiful present that she could not express her feelings for grateful tears. We will remember it long and treasure it in our hearts as one of the occasions when our Heavenly Father poured Qut I His Spirit in such abundance and sweet ness that our faith is renewed and our courage built up, and we are determined to keep pace with our more favored sis ters in the Wards and Stakes of Zion and be prepared with them for the coming of -- took-us-to-so- Jennie Riggs assistant and treasurer, and treasurer; secretary .Appropriate and. feeling remarks u. made by Prest. Joseph E. Robinson and Prest. H. C Jacobson, each of whom bore testimony to the integrity, generosU re-lpn- rT the-incomi- me ng O.0 . "I seem to see his dear, cheerful face now while I am speaking," proving to us that he was not forgotten. His remains now lie in the cemetery of St. John, Kansas, the place where we embraced the Gospel. When my father visited my only sister in New Jersey, she reluctantly allowed him to come and see us, then old and feeble, but as it was his great desire to see me and spend his last days with him, but it was only us, she paried-wit- h for a short time he stayed with us, as a few weeks afterwards he had a paralytic stroke, from which he never recovered, living but a short time, closing his eyes, 1 he again took another, journey to the great beyond, in the year 1888. He had filled his mission, having been as a father and mother most of the time to his motherless children.- - Well. I must not dwell too long on these sacred spots, so we will to little Guernsey. wish good-by- e 1 the Bridecrroom. M. A. Nov. 22. iqo6. K. I m . -- tm eetrwi tirt frendliness that he h cfwi t not-doub- t miei heame-cotrrte-s vramfc showed, us, and I do for a moment but that he will. wis ueuguiiui ume we were ( To be Continued.) NOTES. Mrs. Marearet Bottom e. President of tbp Tnfprnatinnal nrHr of Kind's DaU?h ters, died last week at her home in New York City, in her 79th year, lhe nrsi circle of King's Daughters was organized ai ner nouse in 1000: ine souicij 0 niimhcro itc momhprc- - hv hundreds thousands, and carries on a great yanety of benevolent work,- - Mrs. Bottomes R. S. LOS ANGELES. CAL. Yesterday was a "Red Letter Day" for us in the Los Angeles branch, for in reorganizing the Relief Society an opportune ty was afforded us of showing our appre ciatiSn for the labors and regard for the sterling qualities and character of Sister Eliza Woollacott who has been our President for nine and f years, ever since tjhe Relief Society was organized here. She is in her seventy-sixt- h year and of late has not been feeling adequate to the task ot T presiding and attending to maiden name was McDonald. She was eHliratpd Prnfpccnr (Tirfpnleaf S SCDOO An tri XT 7 ntkora lief PSflV was passed and where she .married the one-hal- theariousutiesrof therRelief : Rev;-D- r. - Preda Hedberg, and the following named sisters sustained as the Presidency of the Los Angeles Relief Society, i.e., Margaret J the Frank-Bottome- -of Ghurchr Society;-od- ist and so requested the Branch and Mission ' Presidency to release her and let some- of younger ears assume the duties of the office she has so long and faithfully filled. The presiding brethren were loth to part with her services, but rrieLwiih the socieiyyesterday Lwheh3Irs.i Woollacott was honorably released with . Pi-rt-w1- rl She-w- as - at bneitirnejasso- fclttlC CUUU1 Ul UIC LfdUlCS J'- - ., Besides copious contributipns to ious press, she was the author 01 shine Trio- - to the Orient " "Death anj Life,"' "Seven Questions after Easter and "Crumbs: from the King's Table-Shwas in demand as a lecturer, ana bD the-re- UM, e 1 or- - A ALA T3iUl a ll'd. branch ofthe international Medical-sioShe leaves, three sons, twoof ministers and one a lawyer. 1 n; 