WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the watchword of the hour is activity; but at the party in the Lion House on the 17th of March people were requested to be reminiscent; those who spoke gave many interesting incidents, and the rest of us dreamed and saw visions. The house was erected half a century ago, and the young woman in vvhose honor the party was given was born in it half a century ago, and both are still in their prime and likely to last another half century or more! There were a number of people there who had helped to erect the unique structure, and among them Bishop Romney, Joshua Midgeley, William Foster, and Hamilton G. Park. We had the pleasure too of hearing the hostess, Susa Young Gates, who told us about some of the stirring events that had transpired there in her quaintly humorous style- - and Zina Young Card was booked to tell of ''Courtships in the Lion House," so sorry we could not have heard those pretty love passages; however, Bishop Whitney related his boyish pranks, which were almost as good as love stories, delightfully interesting for past history. William Foster sang "Hard Times Come Again No More," and all joined in he chorus, and there were a number cf songs and some hymns. President Joseph F. Smith gave recollections of his youthful days in the valley and of his Echo Canon experience under Porter Rockwell, whose very name is always a reminder of funny things, and daring deeds, and the President also related their triumphal return home when Johnston's army passed through on their way to Camp Floyd, which was very entertaining. Beisdes speeches, songs, conversation and music, there was a surprise for the honored lady of the Lion House a box presented by Miss Babcock from the Geueral Board of the Y. L. M. I. A. with a strict injunction not to to open it until midnight, possibly as the 18th, and not the 17th of March, was the day on which Mrs- Gates came into the Lion House I Would we could write something worthy of the unique occasion, but as that is impossible, let us quote from young. Longfellow: "Vanish the dream! Vanish the idle fears! Vanish the rolling mists of fifty years! Whatever time cr space may intervene, I will not be a stranger in this scene Here every doubt, all indecision ends: Hail my companions, comrades, class mates, friends! "Ah me! the fifty years since last we met Seem to me fifty folios bound and s et By Time, the great transcriber, on his shelves, Wherein are written the histories of ourselves. What tragedies, what comedies are there; What joy and grief, what rapture and despair! What chronicles of triumph and defeat, Of struggle and temptation and retreat! What records of regrets and doubts and fears; What pages blotted, blistered by our tears! Wtoat sweet, angelic faces; what divine And lovely images of love and trust, Undimmed by age, unsoiled by damp and dust! "Whose hand shall dare to open and explore These volumes closed and clasped forevermore? Not mine, with reverential feet t pass; I haar a yo:ce that cries 'Alas! Alas! Whatever has been written shall remain. Nor be erased nor written o'er again The unwritten only still belongs to thee Take heed and ponder well what that shall be.' " A HAPPY SOCIAL EVENT. The President, General Board, and missionaries of the Relief Society gave a party on Wednesday, February 28, in honor of the Secretary, Mrs. E. B. Wells at the home of her daughter Annie Wells Cannon at Cannon Farm. The day was very stormy but nevertheless a large number of the guests braved the stormy wind and weather, and celebrated the occasion in a highly intellectual and spiritual feast of good things, not forgetting the dainty refreshments, flowers, music.songs and poems. The presence of President Francis M. Lyman, Apostle Charles W. Penrose, Dr. Seymour B. Young, and Bishop Lewis M. Cannon was very much apprefirstIt would be impossible to give you ciated, and it was very gratifying to the any idea of Miss Babcock's speech on ladies who had charge of the affair to be paper, no pen could do it justice, but it thus honored and to hear their words of was sufficient for the occasion, and the commendation and encouragement to the sisters who are engaged in the noble work applause was great. Besides all this, the guests were treated of benevolence and blessing, and devoting to delicious refreshments and invited into time and talents to the uplifting of humanthe Hall of Relics, where there were many ity and the spread of truthThere were many precious gifts of varIn another curiosities. kinds from friends beloved, and it is ious and room there was a fish pond, everyuseful or funny. surely fitting to acknowledge with deepbody caught something, overflowing Altogether the party was an immense est gratitude from a heart to become desire intense the with love, success, to see so many old friends bestowed honor of by the more worthy of other days together is very gratiand relatives from dear ovation of such an fying, and so many of the family the great, good and wise man, who friends, who came with glad hearts and had dwelt there and raised his chil- cheering words on that day of days now dren in loving tenderness, surrounded by never to be forgotten by the recipient of his numerous family and friends, by all this loving kindness. The magnificent bouquet of white carwhom he was honored, admired and bein number, with a loved; and his memory is hallowed and nations, seventy-eigpresacredly enshrined in the hearts of the beautiful white rose in the centre, in came First the sented Presidency and whom strove by for he planned people withand wrought, and with his fellow laborers the midst of the severe storm raging founded this Territory and made it habit- out, calling to mind the tender thought-fulnes- s of these busy men (who could not able and beautiful. Honor is due Brig-haYoung and his famous band of pion- attend,) and bringing as it were not only eers and associates, from all who settle the delicate fragrance of these dainty in these mountain vales. They are the blossoms, but the magic charm that no men who madej it 'possible to dwell here words can express, that touches the in peace and security. Congratulations to depths of the human soul. It is sometimes good to pause in the Sister Susa Young Gates on her fifty years 61 hurry and bustle of life and consider one's attitude towards those with whom one The social mingles from day to day. phase of human life is worthy of some attention more than mere handshaking and formal expressions of "How do you do?" and "Good-byeand no doubt it is beneficial to cultivate social qualities and amenities, and would make our workaday ," world more optimistic. The goodly company assembled on the day heretofore mentioned did themselves proud by their careful management of the program of music, songs, hymns and speeches, as well as the delicious menu served by sweet girls in the daintiest fashion. Original poems by Lula Greene Richards, Lydia D. Alder and Ruth M. Fox, written for the occasion, were interspersed and appreciated and, a sort of humorous mock trial scene, improvised by one of the ladies to create a little merriment was given with judge, jury and defendant, and the calling of the court to order with much noisy blowing of horns, etc. Also for diversion a little Miss disguised as a gipsy sat demurely in a corner to tell fortunes, that each one drew out of a basket filled with slips of paper on which one's fortune was supposed to be written. There were kind words and short speeches by some of the ladies, among them our honored Elect Lady, Sister Bath-sheb- a W. Smith, whose life-loexperience is replete with telling incidents, and when given in her inimitable style fall on her listeners as gently as the summer rain on the drooping flowers, gladdening the heart, and revivifying and invigorating the soul, awakening desires to follow in her footsteps, and go and do likewise. Though the storm still raged when the guests departed, yet they sang hymns while waiting outside for the car, a pretty good proof of the joyous day. ng RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. - - old-fashion- ht m MORGAN STAKE. The Morgan Stake Relief Society held its quarterly conference February 17, Her 1906, Pres. Lydia Rich presiding. counselors and the President of the stake with quite a number of others of the Priesthood were on the stand, and a fairly good attendance of the sisters were present. The reports from the different branches showed some improvement, and a good We were not spirit was manifest. favored with speakers from the General Board, but we had some good testimonies and timely remarks were made by a number of the sisters, also some of the brethren. Sister Martha Tonks, first counselor to President Rich, handed in her resignation, on account of her ill health, feeling that she was incapable of attending to the duties of the office, also Sister Ann Fry as Stake Treasurer handed her resignation for the same reason. They were accepted and given an honorable release and a vote of thanks for their faithful labors, giving assurance that they would still remain faithful to The vacan- the cause of Society work. 