J . 'V v The; 2? I EXPGNENT. vvyi vii i the Hands of the Women of Utah should CONTENTS. ForgeUing-n- ot .............. Trip to England........;. r. S. Los Angeles, California A 33 34 34 Notes 5 Mystifications..,., Federal Suffrage Hill, H. R. Si( la Memoriam. Obituary. Society Jvcports 37 Snowflake 3$ 3$ ine Taylor-Alp- 39 40 , Notes and News. Thankfgiving Day Unveiling of '. . Tablet A Chronicle of The Relief Society. .J. Agnes Cross Douglass the Nineteenth poetry Joseph Smith, Century Nellie Hecroft Prophet...................... Let Something GockI be Said.. James Whitcomb Riley Editorial. Bronze Ellis R. Sbipp Louise Coul son Farewell.... :. Autumn JOSEPH SMITH, THE NINETEENTH 36 37 37 33 35 35 35 CEN-TUR- PROPHET. tie earth was formed for man's abode, our Prophet Joseph,' honored Seer, Stood 'mong the great and noble ones, of heaven's mighty hosts, a peer; God, seeing all their excellence, their-.truttheir h, Said, be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, NOVEMBER, Vol. 35 Relief '7 valor and their worth. ''these will I my rulers make," as they shall sojourn on the earth. epochs, dispensations passed, the5e noble ones, by heaven decreed y Each came, allotted part fulfilled, at time and his mother's sex, for womanhood " - the other was J3rotherMoench, from Ogden, - and the other was Brother Ken- intson. We were introduced to a Sister Neilson, from Ammon, Idaho, not far from our home, but up to this time unacquainted she was going in the same steamer, on her way to Denmark to join her husband, who was there filling a mission. Xellia Becroft. A TRIP TO ENGLAND. Desirous of obtaining genealogy, and needing a vacation, as we were somewhat run down in health, my husband and I came to the conclusion thatr we would take a trip to the old country, rconse-quentwe left Bingham Coj, Idaho, in May, for Salt Lake City, visiting also Taylorsville and Provo, on the way, to have a look at old friends. Afterwards we boarded a Pullman car from Salt Lake on the 27th of the month. It was very pleas-saAt nineteenth traveling, as- - we could lie down at century's dawn he came, this Prophet babe, from ht a veu sent forth, night at our ease, and scarcely knew that His destiny bow great and grand! his nrssion to Next day was Sunwe were traveling. illnmine earth Long had the world in error day, and at ten a. m. we were seven hunlain, no voice from God. no gospel dred miles from Ogden. No wonder they plan kross darkness brooded over all, the heavens call, this train a flyer the way it sped were brass to fallen man. no obstacle. wthl a faint light hovered, gleamed, o'er the along, the pouring rain being, At 5:15 p. m. we were in Iowa, and at boy prophet as he grew, . And yet a daylight next morning in the State of Son, in glory burst through azure blue, Illinois. Just as we got through breakAnd Father said, 'Thisis my Son, hear Him' in fast we learned that we were in Chicago. everything He says, We checked our luggage for Boston. and for man has strayed and mighty work must needs doce in latter days. very soon were in A n&els as tutors now were sent, his great work then in Ohio, and soon we were passing : .fitting him to do; lots of oil wells and timberland. ne Pnebihood they again restored, with gifts and' May 30, we changed pars at Buffalo enWessings old and new. r aQdIy before the equipped, heaven, he rose with pow- - joyed some beautiful scenery; er confronted by all the world, day passed, we became acquainted with enounced their creeds .and theories, the while two ladies who were going to Europe. ruth's standard he unfurled.. Hoi Mohawk river, we were-no- t name was4iad - After passing b? ne '"for good and ill," far from Boston. B 'umst who calmed that storm now at sea, said Arriving at Boston on the same day, J AmrlJose.ph'"Peace. be still," near dark, we found that one of these mid all the scoffs and jeers a cold and to Liverpool, and inwas ladies going could wrld H.tfCrel give. stood majestic, tended getting in the same boat with us and taught men right,facing how to righteons live. This fact seemed to please both parties. This lady, I believe, said she was a pro- Olamunication was restored, just as of old, 'twist fessional nurse, had worked in some of , . V and heaven, Man mt trie nil- the best families in Salt Lake City,-- ' was place as God had need. reserved till latter days, a great- and mighty work was given, Gathering, restoring keys and powers, ere Christ shall reign on earth as heaven. As pushing-rivuleand stream, in swift and ever onward sweep, At length are merged in ocean wave acd swell the waters of th? deep, So . dispensations merge a nd blend, in one sublime, harmonious whole,' , And Joseph stands aye more than ptasf as aees, cycles o'er him roll. - t ly nt " youth-rFathera- nd iiana, .. . , : " " - ; - - Yet vilUin,w&ence 'twas given, he wrought, he soared. he man! inou Thpr "r craPidr giant stridesPuy to but were you've made the gospel plan. ;fle achieved, - j lxquairited'with-Tiuite-a-riumber--of-our-peop- le, said she could not have" been bethadbeen by .the ter treated than she ' Saints. Latter-da- y X , We got on board the vessel, "The Republic," just before meal time. -- We were As Joseph, 5 While at the hoterirTBosfonT' we became acquainted with three Elders. One was Brother Smith, from Cottonwood, he turned the key; Unfettered she arose and grasped the scope of her grand destiny; O daughters all of .mother Eve! 0 womankind :." wjherc er vou be! ivuow mis: the 1'rophet Joseph Smith this era brought to )ou and me. him wa3 every key restored, not one small ihing was left undone, He livid in deeds far more than years for soon ' to him came setting sun; Hut life and labors were complete, finished was his great work on earth, The dead awaited his approach,. so death was but; another birth. Then sing all ye angelic hosts! rejoice ye. saints throughout the earth! And celebrate as fit each year the of his ausr day picious birth. Then sing ye saints of latter days and take ye up the sweet refrain; Our martyred Prophet lives again and Will with (iod forever reign. Ye nations, peoples, far and near, who gaze' with awe on what ye see, Our nineteenth century. Prophet turned the twentieth century's wondrous key. And yet, 'mid light and knowledge rife, destruction spreads her sable pall Because of greed, of lust, of wrong, God's hand is writing on the wall. . No. 1906 ; told to select our seat, all of them being numbered, and to keep the same seats while on the voyage. So we "Mormons," as the term, goes, sat together enjoying ourselves with others who asked to be in our pafty on board. Different countenances bespoke of a variety of thought and feelings, some looked sorrowful, having just parted with their loved ones, while others, their countenances beamed with delight at the thoughts of the vacation and rest they were about to realize; others appeared feariul of getting seasick; as I was always under the impression that there are more passengers sick on the first, day than any other time, or later on .1 asked the stewardess if it were so.. She answered in the negative; said when the ship was right out in the ocean we feel the motion of JheyesseJ more, consequently there were more sick about the fourth day. Then some have their appetites sharpened by the sea breeze and do not restrain, therefore they get a little , bilious about, that time. r On the morning of the second day we felt a , little unsteady on first getting up, but decided to eat nothing but a lemon, and hurry on deck to get all the' fresh air obtainable, which was plenty. We even forgot that there was anything like seasickness. However, most of the passengers were enjoying themselves, and soon passing the time reading, conversing and writing, also promenading the vessel and some singing as they walked the deck. Some of our Elders commenced lend- i wo ladies were very ing literature. much interested in the Articles of Faith, said there was some grand- - reading in ' . those books. After a few days, when it became gep erally known that there were "Morrnjonls" on board, one man who was getting quite popular called out, "Who wants to go to Vhen Utah to join the Mormons?'" he found, however, thatthis attempt at " ridicule was not appreclatedr: he : did not seem to care to try it again- - One of the Scotch ladiesxbefore mentioned said to this man. Well, if these young men are 'Mormons their behavior, is excellent. I have been watching; they do not sit up in thelong hours bf the night singing hideous cnrnrc nnrlr thf inflnpnrp nf linnnn; some are doing. It my berth were near the dining rooms I should certainly com- -. : . :. plain-of-som- e of-the- m, The fifth day out all having recovered and appearing well, some of the most energetic on board, began to look around 