WOMAN'S 54 was pretty and attractive in a toilette of white silk. There were ices and other dainties served amidst an atmosphere Mr. and of hospitality and homeness. Mrs. Cannon have two interesting young hopefuls to add greater vitality to the bright family circle of Mr. and Mrs, Howell. Mrs. Howell will receive again early in February." At a recent levee at the White House, among the guests were Representative and Mrs. Howell, Senator and Mrs- Heyburn, Mr. and Mrs. Cannon, also Senator Warren of Wyoming. - EFFORT MAY OVERCOME MENT. ENVIRON- In dealing with a text so sweeping in its assertiveness, one is met on the threshold of its consideration by a question of its truth, to those who have stood face to face with the problems of life, and have battled with its difficulties, winning after the utmost effort but a partial success; who have witnessed the struggles of friends and neighbors as they, too, have sought to shape circumstances to their needs; and have seen them go down to defeat, such an assertion may seem but a mockery of their distress, and yet there is much to sustain the assumption. No good, great or small, has ever been accomplished but by effort. But for effort, man would yet be housed in the caves of the earth, disputing with the beasts of the forests his right to supremacy. Every advance in the fields of intelligence and civilization has been won only by long conThe tinued effort and perseverance. darkness into struggle upward, from ight, has been long and tedious, the way beset with difficulties; but little by little the advance has been made, the mind has been developed and the earth subdued; education has widened the field of opportunity, science has lain bare the secrets of the heavens, art and industry have filled the world with beauty and comfort, and we of today are enjoying the fruits of the efforts, and successes, of the toilers of the past. Every victory gained brings to view others to be won. The world is still progressing, and will continue to do so; it is for us to say, whether we shall go on with it to its ultimate destiny, as a fit dwelling place for the Master, or, allowing ourselves to fall behind, be pushed aside, forgotten or despised. Work is one of the first great laws of the universe, we cannot escape its mandates; then if we must labor, let us look well to the manner of its performance. "What is worth doing at all is worth well doing." Let us train our hands to skilled and practical industry, cultivate our minds and train them to do their best. Brains grow strong by use. If we would have strong minds, we must put them to right thinking. If we would succeed we must be sure our efforts are well directed. If our desires are great, let us see that they are such as God and conscience can approve; then bend our energies to their attainment, stand firm and persevere, learn to labor and to wait. It required the labor of thousands of men through many years to complete the Pyramids of Egypt, but they stand today, after the lapse of centuries, a wonder of the world, and a monument to the industry and per EXPONENT one. Gladstone, England's greatest modern statesman, began the study of a foreign language when nearly eighty years of age, and mastered it so well that he was enabled to win a great diplomatic victory for his country over a hostile rival. Never give up to the advancing years; we are just as old as we think ourselves to be. There will always be something for us to do; let us keep up the fight as long as we can. Better die with a new task unfinished than sit idle, too timid to begin. If we would accomplish anything worth while, we must bring faith and He who only half courage to our task. tries will but half succeed ; if after we have done our best failure comes, let us not be discouraged, resistance will but strengthen the sinews for greater effort. Do not fear to stand alone. The tree forced to meet the wind, but sinks its roots deeper into the soil, and stands firm for repeated blasts. If we go to the highest peak in our lofty mountains, there, on its bleak brow, we shall find the Pinion Pine, far below, are his more timid kindred of the forest, clinging to favored places, sheltered on sunny slopes from the chilling winds, and drawing nourishment from the yielding soil, while he, aspiring to loftier place, strikes for the summit, and wrapping the forbidding rocks with his roots, struggles upward to his goal. The winds roar fiercely about him, shriek through his scanty branches, and toss his defiant plumes, they but increase the tension of his gnarled roots, and, bending his trunk to meet the rocks, he mounts steadily upward till his pinion sweeps the arching skyline, and he stands supreme, king of sistent effort of the toilers whose weary hands have long since crumbled to dust. Little by little by little the ant builds his home, gathering his material by slow degrees, here a tiny pebble, there a twig or glittering fragment; toiling early and late, never counting fatigue, pushing aside difficulties and overcoming teaching by his silent industry a lesson of persevering effort. Shall we who boast superior intelligence be content with less obstacles, success? Character is either the stepping-ston- e over to success or the stumbling-bloc- k which we trip and go down to defeat. Every man and every woman is the builder of his or her character. As we build so shall the structure stand. If our characters be strong, we shall not falter mid the trials and battles of life; but be our station high or low, will struggle on to perfection in our sphere. Life at best is but a continual warfare of the good and bad within our breasts; let us be valiant in upholding the right. It requires as much courage to meet the little trials of daily life as would be necessary to lead an army up to the firing line; and not all of the, heroes are to be found on the field of battle. Every morning brings a renewal of opportunity. Every day is a little life, and repeated days make up the cycle of theyears; as our days are spent, so shall the years be counted, and their record stand through time and eternity. Let us seek for contentment with our surroundings; it matters not so much where we are as what we are; not so much what our life's duties may be as how we discharge the obligations. God created all things, great and small, let us honor His work by respecting ourselves. Better be a little mountain daisy, lending grace and sweetness to some barren hillside, than a gorgeous rose lost mid a maze of beauty in a garden of flowers. There is no environment so undesirable that we cannot profit by its lessons and better its conditions. If we wish for higher places, let us fit ourselves to fill and adorn them. The great men of our country, those who have outlined its policies and shaped its destinies Webster, Clay, Jackson, Lincoln and many others were almost, without exception, of poor and obscure parentage; yet by personal effort and force of character, they rose to greatness and power, and while the nation stands their names and deeds will shine as a beacon light to struggling ambition. The conditions surrounding the early settlers of these valleys and the whole west, emphasize the fact that effort not only may but has overcome environment. Who that considers the struggles of those first great pioneers, in their efforts to redeem the desert wastes, can doubt its truth? But for their courage and perseverance this fertile valley would still be unreclaimed, a rendezvous for roaming the mountains. As in nature so in human affairs, it is ever the brave and enduring who win in the race. Should the winds of adversity assail you, Or storms beat in fury where you tread, Should friends grow cold or desert you, Be not dismayed, there is light overhead. 'Tis easy to drift with the shore tide, It takes courage to breast the wave, Better fall where the battle is fiercest Than sink in a coward's grave. Eleanor MOTHER'S WORK MARICOPA Lesson i. STAKE. Sacredness of Home. (a) What does it mean? (b) How to get the children's confidence. We should never lose it, and thus let it become necessary to regain it. (c) Uproot evil by planting good. Lesson 2. Social Purity. (a) How shall we create a higher social (b) Provide reading matter standing? for the children that will entertain while it instructs; stories of noble men and (c) women, and brave and noble deeds. Provide plenty of innocent amusements, healthful exercises and agreeable employment for our young people, and mingle with them in their amusements-Lesso- bands of Indians. All about us is nature in her sublimest aspect; everyday she is giving forth inspiration in sunshine and shade, in cloud and shadow. The mountains are calling to us to "come up higher," shall we be content to grovel at their feet, mere plodders in the ruts of ignorance and sloth? There is no age limit set for the acquirement of knowledge. "Never too old to learn" is a well worn saying but a true P. Groesbeck. n 3. School Life of Children- (a) Teach them to respect their ' - prin-p- al and teachers. Avoid criticisms in their hearing, (b) Train them early to 