WOMAN'S EXPONENT. forward the work for the little people, and had given her encouragement to persevere in the mammoth undertaking. A quartette by the young ladies was given, "'Though deep'ning trials," etc., and very much enjoyed by all. Greetings were then exchanged and lively conversation kept up, piano solos intervening, Miss Mattie Reed recently recently returned from studying in Ger- 53 responded, relating the conditions under which Sister Eliza was inspired to write the beautiful hymn that has thrilled the souls of so many thousands. President Joseph F. Smith made an eloquent and inspirational address to the women of Zion, encouraging them to excel in all that would make for the uplifting of humanity and the spread of truth and righteousness. some selecchoice musical The exercises closed with all joinng in giving many, also were remarks made several tions; by singing the hymn, "'Mid scenes of conof the sisters in appreciation of Sisters fusion and creature complaints," chorus Eliza R. and Zina D., the benefits de- Home, Sweet Home. Benediction was rived from their personal acquaintance, pronounced by Elder W. B. Dougall. and their remarkable life work. Those who responded were Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, HEART OF MY HEART. Sister Ida S. Dusenberry, Emily Edna L. Smith, Sarah Jenne Ellis Meredith, a noted woCannon, Margaret P. Young, President man and journalist, also anewspaper fine speaker, Bathsheba W. Smith, who referred lov- who has traveled considerably to speak ingly to Sisters Eliza and Zina, and Dr. on the suffrage question, has recently Margaret C. Roberts who spoke in rather published a book on motherhood relating a humorous vein and Ruth M.Fox to children, in which she embodies some The most appetizing refreshments were original ideas of her own, the story is served to the guests by the young ladies told. of the Board in their very charming and exquisitely In her very first chapter she says, after delightful manner, and meantime Presi- having opened with the creation, "We dents Joseph F. Smith and John R. Win- prate wisely of Nature and her processes, der arrived, having been unavoidably de- but after all, what do we know of the tained with business engagements. Broth- mystery of life! We may speak glibly of er W. B. Dougall was also present. blood and brain.bone and sinew, but how Later the program was taken up, Sis- or why certain elements build tissue and ter Minnie J. Snow, chairman, making others nerves, none of us can tell. We an impromptu speech giving some inci- only know that it is as it was in the begindents connected with her illustrious kins- ning. She was wiser who said, 'My soul woman, and introducing as the first on doth magnify the Lord.' " the program, her little daughter Lucile, She touches deeply and beautifully upwho was the nearest relative present to on the joys of maternity, the relations of the celebrated poet whose hymns are now father and mother towards their offspring sung in many languages. Little Lucile, in before and after birth; true and false a very sweet and graceful style, sang the conditions, and brings in many wise and entire hymn, "O, my Father Thou that helpful sayings that stir the soul to. dweliest," her mother play;ng the ac- thoughts of high and lofty companiment. though they are simple, homely things Sister E. B. Wells had been given the that all women can understand if they subject, "Sister Eliza as a Mother in will. It is unlike any book we have ever Israel." The speaker dwelt at some seen and must meet a want in the paof this distin- rents' classics that no other book we have k on the length woman guished organizer, philanthrop- seen ever has. We may certainly call it ist, poet, writer and author, and as a rare among books. She speaks of liking mother in deed to many thousands of the old Greek idea that made men bow men and women, strictly speaking. before a woman approaching maternity. Sister May Anderson spoke of a num- Here is one paragraph with which I will ber of incidents in the life of Sister Eliza close this brief notice: that were fraught with intense tnterest to "Child of my heart, lying under my the children of Zion and Primary work- heart, with my relationship to you has ers. Sister May B Talmage read with grown a new relationship to your father: fine expression and depth of feeling, Sis- he is more than lover, husband and king; ter Eliza's poem entitled "Evening high priest of the Most High; love has Thoughts, or What It Is To Be A Saint." become sacred and holy beyond words, I have been Sister Maria Y. Dougall spoke more almost beyond thought. qualsolo of Eliza's beautiful Sister motherly especially singing low to myself that motha been never had she from 'The Messiah': ities, though 'He shall feed his flocks like a shepherd, er, and paid a charming tribute to her of her also labors among the children, and gently, gently leadeth those that are foster-mothe- r, Sister Zina, her delightful with young.' " story telling to all the children in her rooms in the Lion House, and her reguEDITORIAL NOTES lar daily prayers with those under her care. Sister Susa Y. Gates also gave The anniversary of the birthday of Miss reminiscences of the Lion House days, Anthony, Honorary President mentioning along with Sister Eliza R. Susan B. N. of the W, S. A-- , and one of the most and Zina D, some incidents connected of our time, perhaps the women with her own mother's sojourn in the famous Lion House. President John R. Winder most renowned, was celebrated in Washfavored the audience with brief remarks ington, D. C , on Thursday, February 15, and gave them good advice, alluded to and on the same day a committee from Sister Eliza's peculiar and trying exper- the N. W. S. A., of whom she had charge iences and asked that Sister Bathsheba had a hearing before the Woman Suffrage Mrs. F. S Smith relate the incident of Sister Eliza's Committee of Congress. Mrs. Joseph Howell, of composing the hymn that had just been Richards, and number. ung, O, my Father." Sister Bathsheba Utah were among the An excellent illustrated article of Mrs. Mary Wood Swift appeared in the February number of "The Ladies Review." Mrs. Swift is the president of the National Council of Women of the United States; she is a very handsome won;an of high cultivation, has refined taste and an excellent heart, she is just and upright in character, and is a humanitarian in principle. Her history as told is extremely interesting, but that which is untold must be even more delightful. She is fearless for the right, a staunch suffragist, and withal a woman in whom to repose confidence without doubts of her untrustworthiness. At last a woman has argued a case before the supreme court of the United States, and the roof of the old senate chamber, where the court meets in Washington, has not fallen in. Women began to be admitted as practitioners in the supreme court many years ago, but no woman has ever stood up and conducted one of these animated conversations with the big gentlemen in black govns which is called arguing a case in the supreme court room. It fell to the lot of Mrs. Belva Lockwood, the pioneer woman lawyer in Washington, to perform this feat, and she is said to have acquitted herself well. Hartford Times. The' Executive session of the National Council of Women will be held in Toledo, Ohio, the first week in April. Sunday evening, April 1st, there will be religious exercises, President Mary Wood Swift presiding; distinguished speakers will address the meetingMonday, Tuesday and Wednesday morning will be executive sessions for the transaction of business. Afternoon sessions will be given to reports or papers from affiliated societies. The evening programs will be arranged by the Local Council of Toledo under the supervision of Mrs. Pauline Steinem. Prominent speakers will address these meetings and the public is invited to be present. Mrs. Steinem is one of the most charming women we have ever met, brilliant, logical, affable and altogether lovable. - life-purpos- es, life-wor- The National Woman Suffrage Association held its 38th Annual Convention in Baltimore, Md., this year, from Wednesday, Feb. 7th to 13th inclusive. Susan B. Anthony, Pioneer suffragist and Hon-oraPresident, was present and participated as usual, though the Associated Press has not sent much news of the proceedings westward. Mrs. Emily S. Richards, President of the Utah Suffrage organization, is in Baltimore, and will ably represent Utah in all movements for advancement of the cause of women. She has been for many years engaged in the work and is thoroughly qualified. We hear she has been joined in Baltimore by Mrs. Joseph Howell and Mrs. John Henry ry Smith. Mrs. Mary E. Howell, wife of our Utah j representative in Congress, Hon. Joseph Howell, gave an elegant reception at their residence in Washington, D. C, 1828 Calvert street, on the Heights. Mrs. Howell was assisted by her sweet daughter, Mrs. Lewis T. Cannon. "Mrs. Howell wore a handsome costume of black lace over white silk, and Mrs." Cannon -- 