WOMAN'S EXPONENT were made to the career of her departed husband. The prayers were pronounced by Elder Robert Patrick and Elder John T. Caine, while the music was furnished Quartette," who rendered "Night of Rest," "When the Swallow's Homeward Fly," Thomas Ashworth singing "O, my Father," at the close. How we miss her! But what is our loss will be her gain. And we feel sure that when the book is opened out of which we are to be judged, the name of Amanda T. Gheen Kimball will be there and on her life's history not a blot nor a blemish will be found. by the "Imperial CHRISTMAS IN SCANDINAVIA. Christmas is the most important of all feasts or "holy days" in the northern countries. It was originally the feast of the sun, a feast of rejoicing because the shortest day of the season had passed, and the sun had commenced its return to the north. After the introduction of Christianity into Scandinavia, its significance was changed, and instead of being the feast of the sun, it became a feast in honor of the advent of the Son of Man, and it was for many centuries the beginning of the year. In olden times the people commenced making preparations for Christmas several weeks before the time, and among the most important of these preparations was the making of Christmas beer, which was done with great care. Even among the poorer classes, where the family beer was ordinarily very weak, a much better quality was made for Christmas, and sufficient of it must be had to supply the family liberally, and to treat every visitor during the thirteen successive Christmas days. During Christmas quarreling and righting was strictly forbidden; all must be peace and good will, and all court Should proceedings were suspended. man fellow his to do harm during anyone Christmas, great punishment would be meted out to him later. Nor were the people permitted to do any kind of hard manual labor, only the most necessary work, such as feeding the stock, etc., was permissible. Christmas peace was also The extended to the brute creation- As long as Christmas lasted man should keep peace even with their natural enemies, such as wolves, bears, rats and mice. To avoid giving offence, these animals were not even to be called by their right names; but the wolf was during Christmas called "grey leg" the bear "the old one in furs," mice the "little greys," and rats "long tails." As the 24th of December drew nearer the confusion and disorder, incident to the preparations, became greater, and on the 23rd of December it was at its height. It was baking, cooking and a thorough gen-rehouse cleaning that had to be done, Everthing had to be ready by sundown on the 24th of December. Among the preparations for Christmas was also the rubbing of the teeth of all domestic animals, and that being done, horses, cattle, sheep, etc: were treated to a double portion of the best of their usual allowance. An old legend says that at midnight after Christmas eve, at the exact hour that Christ was supposed to have been born, all animals received the power of speech, so-call- ed - al 5i and could for a few moments converse with each other like human beings, Everything else being ready, the people turned their attention to their personal appearance; a bath and a complete change of clothing on Christmas eve was universal; and when attired in their best the members of the household greeted each other appropriately with "Merry Christmas, health and strength and all that is dear." Then followed exchanges of Christmas gifts, and then all sat down to a bounteous Christmas supper in the decorated room. The meal consisted usually of dried fish and sweet porridge, or ham with green cabbage and mush, usually rice with well-to-d- o people. After the table was once set Christmas eve, it was never cleared until Christmas was through, as every visitor in the house during the time must, without exception, partake of the hospitality of the were forgotten on Christmas eve; all poor people were remembered; a large dish was set out for the Christmas Saint (Santa Claus), and the birds were providsame-Non- ed for liberally. The Christmas cake was a most impor- tant feature in every household; some- times it was made in the shape of a man, a ram, or a fat hog, otherwise perfectly round. Sometimes a gold or silver coin was placed in the center of the cake. Christmas gifts commenced with exchanges of these cakes, but later they were accompanied with gifts. The custom pertaining to Christmas cake was introduced into England by the Vikings from Scandinavia a thousand years ago, and then "Yule cake" (yule or jul is the Danish for Christmas) is well known to this day-Whil- Christmas etiquette for any visits to be made on that day. But on the 26th were commenced the general Christmas festivities, aside from the solemn assemblies, and they continued until the 5th of January. An impsrtant feature of the second Christmas day was the horse feast, which originated in the ancient Scandinavian mythology, when the god Frey rode around among his people on a holy animal; but when Christianity was introduced in Scandinavia, they substituted Stephen, the first Christian martyr, for the god Frey, and the custom finally dwindled down to general Christmas races. Numerous and varied were the sports and festivities of Christmas in the Scandinavian countries in the olden times, but these have considerably reduced of late Yet Christmas, even today, is years. looked forward to with much joy and anticipation, and considerable good will is manifested by the people, one toward another, during the Christmas holidays, and the exchange of presents and friendly greetings is in order, as much now as it ever was. The Christmas tree festivities were almost unknown in Scandinavia until seventy-fiv- e years ago, but were universal in France as early as the thirteenth . century. AS Howell Jenson, THE DAYS ARE SLIPPING BY. LOUISE COULSON. Are we doing all we can, Never asking reasons why? Filling up life's little span, As the days are slipping by? Are we seeking good to do Where there s evils we descry? Blessing every dav anew As the days are slipping by? God will surely life proloog, If we ask and if we try, Filling every heart with song As the days go slipping by. e eating the Christmas supper, the head of the family would always present a toast for Christ and the New Year, and all would drink in honor thereof from the oldest and most costly vessel Beer which the household possessed. of made and "mjod,' (mead honey) were used at Christmas, and this the beverages was freely used by both men and women. Whiskey and strong beverages were seldom used on Christmas eve. After the more solid meal, "Ebleskiver" was served and the meal was prolonged as much as possible, as there existed an old superstitious legend to the effect that the one who got through eating first would die before the year was through. At length, when the meal was over, the head of the family offered a benediction, and then gave the hand to the housewife, saying, "Tak for Mad" (thanks for the food), and after that shook hands with all in the house ; then follows a general handshaking with "Tak for Mad," coupled with many good wishes; the children and the servants come in last; they commence with the oldest person of the household and end with the youngest. Many superstitious customs were associated with Christmas eve proceedings: Thus, in the glare of the Christmas candles, which were to burn all night, young people could see their future mate, and everybody, to a greater or less extent, see their future, at least what would happen to them the next year. Christmas day (December 25th) was observed as a solemn holiday. Then everybody went to church, but spent the rest of the day quietly at home, and it was considered a very offensive breach of Emma THE LONE PINE. BY MAUD BAfiGARLEY. "Mine eyes are weary " the hermit sighed, "From gazing on mountains; and desert wide." "Mv only solace is yon towering pine, Whose life is as useless and lonely as mine." "Yet from storms it shelters the birds of the air, And hath stood for ages a sentinel there; A guide to those on ihe desert astray, A shield to all from the sun's fierce ray" "Father, the pine hath tauvht to me All things are useful created by Thee. I shall not repine when Thou dost give The sorrows that teach me how to live." hearing on the Federal Suffrage bill introduced in the House by Hon, Burton French of Idaho, and in the Senate by Senator Warren, of Wyoming, was given to the Federal Woman's Equality Association on January 31. The annual meeting was held in Washington, Feb A Rev. Olympia Brown is spending the winter season in Washington, looking 2nd. after the interests of measure. this important 