v. v-- -t v WOMAN'S EXPONENT EDNA'S SONG. MAUD ELLEN PAGGARLHY. ,' N'igbt shadows have hidden the. town, And the lights of heaven shine; While adown the river of dreams Thou art drifting, child of mine; ' J That beautiful river of dreams Flowethn through peaceful. vales,' 'Neath cloudless skies, where (lowets bloom And fairies tell' wond'rous tales. ' j find the country of thy dreams More suitcd'to baby feet?- -- I)o-- t i 'Wilt thon return to mother soon. O child, with thine e)es of blue? Or is she a part of a dream, And this world a dream-lanitoo? Salt Lake City, June 12, 1906. . !, PILGRIMS, 1847. CRACK INGLES FRO T. In the shadows of trie Wasatch. Those mountains rugged and grand, Standing like mighty sentineis Guarding the arid land, A little band of pilgrims, With feet so weary and torn, Stood gazing upn a salt sea waste At the dawn of a summer morn. Thev had traveled many toilsome miles. This weary pilgrim band, In search of an unsettled country, So-rpeaceful, befer land. They left on the cheerless prairies Their footprints of blood on the sod, That they might have a haven of rest, With freedom to worship God. e r 1 Gave thank when lheir prophet and seer Said, as be looked on the valley "We will make our new home here;' In these vales where only the redmen dwell, We will build up Zion, and all will be well!" Have his words proved true? Look at this valley's fertile lands! W hat has become of the saline sands? The wilderness smiling most fruitful has grown, And the desert .like unto the rose has become. All praise give to God and that pilgrim band Which left Illinois in search Of a land r Where maamay worship as God has decreed! Tv7as those faithful people who sowed the first seed, The seed of religion as well as of grain, And the ground for their sake so fruitful became, That we are now reaping in after years The fruits of those seeds sown in faith, love, and tears. , I under national control, placed boxes at the disposition of the council committee, and delegates were entertained on Satur- day evening with opera and drama which " lasted well into Sunday morning. SOCIAL AFFAIRS. At thelast .intermational executive, which was held in London, a resolution was adopted that henceforth there should be less in the way of social entertainment, as this consumed time which ought to be given to work. French hospitality, however, has been superior to official resolves, and every day the delegates have been entertained at beautifully appointed luncheons of seven or eight courses. Among the hostesses have been Madame Jules Siegfried, wife of the cabinet minr, ister and Senator and Madame founder of one of the large city A pleasant feature of these hospitals. luncheons has been that in every instance the men of the family, husband and sons, AMERICANS LET DOWN'. have been present to welcome the guests. In the beginning, American women honThe university women joined with the believed that estly they were the ablest Society for Political Equality rather a in the world in every respect; that Ameriunique combination to give an afternoon can men were the most just and liberal tea for the delegates, at which many . in the world; that the United States, clever speeches were made. All seemed granted more freedom to women than any to be united in the demand for the higher To the present education and the right of suffrage. The country in the world. meeting came the women of Finland," former is offered to women on the same radiant with the victory of having gained terms as men in the Sorbonn'e. the full suffrage on exactly equal terms AMERICAN DELEGATES. with the men and the right to sit in Parliament, although their first Woman Suffrage Delegates to these meetings are limited Association was formed less than two years ago. The women of Australia and to the International Council officers, presiNew Zealand have had the full vote for dents of National Councils and chairmen many years, and the foimer the right to of standing committees. Those from the sit in Parliament. The women of Great United States should have been Mrs. Britain. Sweden and Norway have every Mary Wood Swift, president of the Naform of the franchise except that for tional Council; Rev. Anna H. Shaw, chairman of the committee on suffrage members of Parliament, and the prospects are encouraging for obtaining that and the rights of citizenship, and Wright SewalJ, honorary president in the near future. Woman suffrage is a of the committee on peace government measure in Holland. It looks and chairman and arbitration. All were unable to come, as if the women of all the more progresand their proxies are Mrs. Carrie Chap- sive countries would be enfranchised be and fore those of the United States,and we Ex. . can no longer exploit the freedom and the present writer. liberality of our country at' these interna. tional meetings. ed vice-preside- nt t Are they kind, the dream-folk- s there, To little ones small and sweet? And those unfaltering hearts courageous Portugal with the object of assisting the women there to form National Councils. The wife of the Chinese ambassador to' Great Britain has presented the matter to the Empress of China.and Lady Aberdeen, international president, has asked the Empress, through Sir Ernest Satow,: British ambassador to China, if some Chinese ladrresiding be.ap--pointas for China. The has authorized the Chinese amEmpress bassador to call upon Lady Aberdeen and inform her that this would be done. So out of all this tangle of official red tape there may emerge an affiliation of Chinese women with the International Council. Through the kindness of His Excellency Viscount Hayashi and Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Stead, sojourning in Japan, the question has been presented to many prominent ladies in that country, and a Japanese Council of Women is likely soon to be added to the long list. ' INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL NOTES. MRS. IDA II. HARPER. There is no agency so effective for taking the bumptiousness out of the American woman as the International Council of Women. This might apply to those of other countries also, but their egotism is not of so colossal proportions. It is a good thing from every point of view for the women of Australia, fdrTintancerto counsel for a week with those of Austria, the women of Canada with those of Sweden. These four countries are ably represented here, as are New Zealand, Hungary, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Norway, Belgium, Holland and Great Britam-- Of the twenty countries belonging to the Council, the only bnes which are not rep resented are Denmark and Argentina. During the past year officers of the Council have visited Greece, Turkey and Alphen-Salvado- Mrs-Ma- HONORS FROM THE CITY- - '.. y IN MEMORIAM. During the Berlin congress, two years ago, much prominence was given to the recognition it received from the; municipality, the city appropriating 10.000 marks ($2,500) for a reception and banquet to the delegates, and the entire body of aldermen receiving them in state. This action has been in a measure outdone by the Municipal Council of Paris, which appropriated 5.000 francs ($1,000) to be expended by the local committee of the French National Council of Women on this international meeting,. JThe munici- pal government did not stop with this, but delegave an afternoon reception for the Ville-Aftgates in the magnificent Hotel de they were assembled in the hand- some salon, the entire board of citv fathers came in and stood at attention before them, while several cf their number delivered addresses of welcome and sympathetic encouragement. : Then all were to partake .of the collation spread on a long table in one end of the room waiters. and served by immaculately-cla- d All the large theaters here, which are. er in--vit- ed To the memory of Mary Jane Wheelan who departed this life, September 23rd, 1905. in His inWhereas our Heavenly Father has finite wisdom, called from our midst ouf beloved sister and Mary Jane Wheelan, and VV bereas the long1 and intimate relation with her ard the faithful discharge of her duties in this society make it eminently befitting that we record our appreciation of her, and feel comforted in the assura. ce that, if w 01 thy, we will 'meet and enjoy her society again, to the bireaved our extend Rt solved, that we sincere s mp..tby ai.d pra God thatJ.J is comforting mfluen e may. be with them, and lead their hearts to acknowledge His goodne s even in their sore ; bereavement. r R'tWtl w r bv the sisters of the Third ward Relief conptv that we 'mourn our loss and that we appre- iiate the purityjif her life and the worthy example she has set us to follow. Be it further PAcnivfl that a Ci!tv of these resolutions be pre sented to the family of the deceased: be placed on the records of our society and a copy be sent to toe liXPONENT ana ouruxai papci iui puuuviuu. -- L ' - Gone to a peaceful, happy rest; r v': Free fromJif e's gnejadpain,Worker, beloved, has joine7Ttheblest, : Our loss is her infinite gain. Man' E. Abel, 'Ann E. Clayson, Carrie Dartiels. In behalf Of the Third Ward Relief Society, - - 