Woman's Exponent. $1 The BalloCm the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, MARCH, 1906 Vol. 34 CONTENTS. Emma J. Bennett. Mary R. Gray Mothers' Work Errata 5 59 59 61 Uintah North Sanpete Relief Society Anniversary Ancivetsary: Iosepa, Skull Valley Ellen K. Makaiau, Sec. 62 63 63 63 64 In Memoriam 64 Obituary 64 Rabbi Fliesher on Woman B. Miss Susan Editorial; Anthony do The Lien House Party 61 A Happy Soc:al Event D. AHer 57 Life as a River Lydia Poetry The Birth of a Century Louise Coulson Maude Baggarly Two Mothers LIFE AS - A r v. B rev-elat- or 5g WELLS. river winding on and on, Ne'er still nor resting by the way, By verdant hills 'neath forest shades, Through silent night or burning day. Anon in valleys gently flows. Sings there in lazy undeitone; Its current slow, no ripple's cret Is foaming in the pathway's lone. A Defined its course by foliage More dense or sparse as lich the land; Or like unto a co ling thing, It shimmers o'er the golden sand. Through mountain pass it rushes wild, Then thund'ring dashes down below; O, awe inspiring its descent Amid a phosphorescent glow! The river wheresoe'er it wends, Inevitable end the sea; If gained at once by a single bound, Disastrous it could onlv be, Twould devastate, in rapid whirl, Uproot the trees long growing near; Ne'er graceful be. nor picturesque, The boiling waters never clear. A little brock or murm'ring stream. Would babble on unto the end; But crystal springs send rivulets. Mingling they in volume blend. No life can be lived in a day, No time for love or tenderness; No flowers growing by the way, To thrill beneath the wind's caress. But like the harp so famed of old, A thousand strings of melody That quiv'ring 'neath a gentle touch Are tragic fierce struck ruthlessly. To peace are stilled its throbbings wild, Its chords vibrating tune regain; Divinely sweet the songs it sings- -It trembles with the loved one's name. All devious is the way of life, And other lives are in it wound; So beautiful of it a part, By ties eternal firmly bound. All wise the destined course of life, To gather gems of priceless worth; From one to multitudes unknown, For an inheritance of earth. Lydia D. Alder. souri. She passed through the trials of those early days of the Church in Ohio and Missouri, with a strong and lasting conviction that Joseph Smith was a seer, and prophet of GodWith her mother, two brothers and three sisters she reached Salt Lake City in 1861, which has been her home continually ever since. In 1862 she married Andrew Scott Gray. They had born to them seven children. Her sincere devotion to the great Latter-day work soon brought her in close touch with the leading sisters of the Church. In October, 1877, when the Relief reorganized in the 15th Ward, she was set apart as a teacher. January, 1889, she was chosen first counselor to President Sarah M. Kimball until the latter's demise. December, 1898, she was again chosen first counselor to President Harriet A, Badger, daughter of Prest- John Taylor; and held this office until the ward was divided in 1903. She was frequently honored on her birthday by those sisters that loved and knew her best. On one of these occasions about 30 sisters were present when Sister Zina D. H. Young spoke in tongues and the interpretation thereof given by Sister Catherine Evans, which brought joy and consolation to their hearts. Her sympathetic heart and deeds of charity to the sick and afflicted were the crowning features of her well spent life. She was a bosom friend of Sister Pres-end- ia Smith Kimball. The latch strings of the doors of her domicile were always out for Conference visitors and innumerable friends. Hers was the first home to receive, with joy, the babe born in that sacred edifice, the Temple, at the time of its dedication, - A RIVER. INSCRIBHD TO MRS. K. With Love. February 28, 1906. When the final summons came her oldest daughter Minnie and many friends were at her bedside, and witnessed the passing away of one of God's noblest daughters. Aunt Mary was born in Toronto, Canada, in the year 1833, and was thus in the 72nd year of her life. With her parents and two brothers they migrated to Kirtland in 1837, to cast their lot with the body of the Church, and later to Richmond, Ray County, Mis- 57 58 Memorial Meetings Miss Anthony at Heme R. S. Reports: Morgan Stake Nebo Stake Alpine Stake Stake No. 9 MARY R. GRAY. Sister Mary R. Gray departed this life Nov. 21, 1905, in Idaho Falls, Idaho. On the 6th of November, 1905, in company with Sister Emma Jane Bennett, she left Salt Lake City for the north, pleasure and business bent, and to meet with and renew old time friendships and acquaintances foimed long years ago. On reaching Ogden a few hours were very pleasantly spent with Bro. BJ. Bennett and family. In the evening we resumed our journey northward, reaching Idaho Fall's, our objective point, Tuesday, Nov. 7th, at 7 p.m. We were met at the depot by Brother Tister, Gilbert J. Wright and Oscar A. Johannesen and driven to the latter's home. After a visit of two days we took train for Shelley, a small but thriving little town, situated eight miles south of Idaho Falls, and partook of the hospitality of Thos. J. Bennett and family. We returned Sunday evening for the express purpose of attending a R. S. Conference, whictrwas held on Monday evening, Nov. 13, in the Falls. Aunt Mary, by which name she was so well and favorably known, retired quite early in the evening, and from every appearance in her usual good health. It proved, however, to be her last resting place until her noble spirit took its flight. Apparently she fell into a sweet slumber, without any sign of ache or pain, but grew weaker and weaker until the end ' came. Her passing away was as if falling into a peaceful sleep. All was done that loving and tender hands could do for her comfort and restoration, but the Allwise Ruler of mortal beings decreed otherwise. So-cietw- as - in 1893.. From her sweet and motherly lips could often be heard, "Always room for one more," until every room under the peaceful roof could be seen strewn with beds, Her remains were brought to Salt Lake City for interment, accompanied by Emma J. Bennett, A. J. Gray and Mary W. Gray, and laid peacefully away in the city cemetery. Her funeral was largely attended by sympathizing friends, The speakers, who all paid a glowing tribute to her memory, were President Joseph F. Smith, Apostles John Henry 