.enjoy t hear prbprerl.but t h er e is. also Hanger If we aHdNYT.aiQxcsS Keren's v hrm1d the vouricr folks guard against anything that would lead to their injury; for jnstance, excess in dancing, very late trains and going off without proper "chaperonage. Loud laughter and rudeness are too often evident among.our young people during their pleasure trips, and while a pure, enjoyment of life and ail good things is to be sought after, a proper regard for the proprieties isjto be admired in every one. Annie Wklls Cannon. 11 GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. . . (CONCLUDED.) Sister Haftie Blair of New Yorl City reported the Relief Seciety as not very flourishing; some members have emigrated to Utah,' and the members lived so (far apart it was difficult and expensive to get together often. In Brooklyn the Relief Society were studying Gospel books; they have a number of young women in that society, but as they are employed in work they cannot always attend the meetings; the sisters there would like to have visitors from Utah sent to them. Sister Cannon, secretary pro tern., read two communications from the First Presi dency, one treating on the storing of grain and the other the "Word of- - Wisdom.1' The Temple Quartette sang"Vill there be any stars in my crown?" Sister Julina L. Smith- - addressed the conference. First thanked the singers for their lovely music; said her heart was filled with joy to see such a large audience; she only wanted to say a few words, as she preferred to give the time to those who had come a long distance; she had been pleased with Brother Kimball's remarks about the soldier boys; she never saw the soldiers but what her heart ached, and she knew it would always be a work of credit to the Relief Society thai they had made this free donation to the sol' diers in need. Trie speaker urged7 the parents to take care of their daughters and keep them safe from evil company, and not allow them to associate with those not of our faith, as marrying' with them would only bring unhappiness to their homes,' and the same with the boys; we want our children to do right; prayed the Lord to bless ana nelp us to serve Him, and bless our conference. resident Martha Keeler ot Utah btake appreciated the privilege of reporting the stake; they had many good faithful sisters; at the close of the past year, they had the misfortune of losiner their presi dent, Sister Mary John; spoke of the pioneers, new buildings, new wards organized; said since the new officers had been installed they had visited the entire stake. In Provo Ci ty the Relief Society had four halls and four granaries. They had over 4,000 bushels ot wheat stored and nearly four hundred dollars to buy. wheat; she felt the spirit of gathering wheat was beautiful. They had taken up the Mothers' work systematically and were also studying, the Doctrine and Covenants, jindinthat vopwauy fuicicaicu iu me nurse. woric. m 1 j st er r ivu.; -inns-- . lh)l n the Dure in Jripnrt 1VV: ,?nr rtf rmrcfcnnke.rverY interestinglya :tare ... .iu ...L 7.M1 nuw with alluded pure. and &j gain pure thoughts work.' of the nurse great degree of pride to the class graduLecture 4. Sacredness of. covenants. ated last June under Dr. Roberts; TT i -- . ........ " thought they were all doing gooa .worK. Sister, Empey explained that while she was willing to do all she could for the nurses here, as superintendent, yet she felt that those who came from other localities had better go back , and, give the benefit of their training to those who sent them; she hoped the. presidents would encourage the girls to come to the class this fall; she felt her own work was confined to Salt Lake City; she knew of no branch of Relief Society better than nursing. Dr. Margaret C. ; Roberts thought it seemed strange that we could forget as the years went by whythings happened, ''It has seemed to be forgotten how the nurse work originated. The scheme was devised that the poor were to be taken as good care of as the rich." The Doctor then explained the conditions, and said the new class would begin next September; the sisters would! learn about it through the ExpoNENT;urged the sisters to send intelligent women; felt the best that could be done for them was to get them good homes here while they were pursuing their studies; she was interested in that, and Sister Beatie had rendered good assistance in this matter; she knew it was a' beautiful thing Jo know how to care for our bodies, but she wanted to live long enough to get out of the training of nurses, for she realized that spiritual training and Gospel study was higher; we should not be content with what our parents know, but study more, be better managers and have more time to study our religion. President Rebecca Standring of Alpine Stake was thankful to meet in Relief Society conference; her mind reverted to 1842, when there were only eighteen members, and look at our great numbers now; she had labored nearly forty-fiv- e years in the Society; was pleased to report the Alpine Stake in good condition; officersjipld meetings once amonth, and three or four wards hold conjoint meetings once in three months, thus creating a spirit of union; she felt satisfied they were doing well in Mothers' work; was proud of the sisters in Alpine Stake. Notice was given of the evening meetthe Temple Quartette ing at 7:30,-an"Send us the sang, sunlight." dismissed with prayer by Sister Sarah Jenne Cannon. Annie Wells Cannon. Secretary pro tern. (a) Value of a promise, '(b) Wheri a be legitimately broken, (c) promise may as sacred as a vow. be What should Lecture rightly controlled is one of the grandest attributes of the human mind, (b) True pride to be cultivated, (c) False pride to.be shunned. (d) True pride the keynote of all noble (a) Pride Lectured Lecture Lecture Slander. (a) Persons who willfully vilify their neighbors are guilty of serious crime, nslnir thf Hnwnff41 nf th innnrpnt nftpn and unsuspecting, (b) Define slander, (c) How to avoid the habit of slander. Lecture 10. Idleness. (a) The root of all evil, (b) Cause and effect, (c) How to prevent idleness. Lecture u. respect for others' rights. (a) Application of the Golden Rule, (b) Courtesy due from one to the other. -Proper CM Tn VipI your own standing. 1 Lecture 12. Evils to be avoided. (a) To sustain by uplifted hand the authorities of the Church, stake, ward or association, then use your influence against them- - (b) Unkind criticism." (c) Imputing evil to actions not understood. Elizabeth C. Piggott, Louisa A.: Cole Margaret Morgan, Committee. Elizabeth Hunt of Brooklyn New Borough,; York, who will be 106 years old next month, is making her annual tour of Connecticut. The trip is being made in an automobile, which travels by easy LAKE STAKE. 1. staeres fro V UllVill wl ... to the annual tour which Mrs. Hunt sists on making each year has been complished mostly by train. Ex. . in- ac- Veneration for sacred things. (a) Proper conduct in houses of wor-( b) True nobility. Lecture 9. 1 ship. 8. Kind- (a) How to be truly noble, (b) The Savior the grandest type of true nobility. .(c) Illustrate by sketch of noble life. Honor to the aged. (a) Duties.of children to (b) Social obligation to the old.parents, (c) Grey v hairs a sermon. " (b) All crea- tures susceptible to kindness, (c) ness misapplied. Mrs. Lecture h Kindness. 7. (a) Power of kindness, MOTHERS' WORK. Lecture Cheerfulness. (a) Cheerfulness smooths the way of life's weary travels, (b) Brings sunshine however dark the day. (c) How to make home cheerful. d BEAR Pride. 5 Respect for" the Sabbath; (cl V eneration for sacred ordinances. ' Lecture 3. Purity of thought. Relief Society reports already set but left OVr. for Want wnf cnoro oro.T uv 1 ; t at u iKprtv w -A- lpine-and-Bear tuv IakeStakesaIsoi vvuHians yoice irom rarowan, these will be used irfthe August number, which will soon be issued . 