WOMAN'S do every thing possible for themselves in getting ready for school- (c) Teach them the necessity of regularity in attendance, punctuality and obedience. Lesson 4. Self Culture. - (a) Cultivate a love for the beauties of nature. Beautiful flowers, beautiful scenery and beautiful pictures create beautiful thoughts, and beautiful thoughts make good deeds and beautiful faces, (b) Use good language and avoid slang. (c) It we cannot control Study ourselves we cannot control our chilself-contro- l. dren. Lesson 5. Our Children. (a) The rights of childhood. We are apt to think that children have no rights which we are bound to respect, (b) We should respect their rights and feelings, and thus teach them to respect ours, (c) Cultivate truth and honesty in them by (d) being truthful and honest ourselves, Never tell an untruth to a child for any purpose. Lesson 6. Our Sons. (a) Teach our boys to be pure in their lives(b) Teach them to protect the (c) opposite sex from harm at all times, Teach them how to be good husbands and fathers. - Lesson 7. Our Daughters. (a) Be frank and truthful with them in all things and thus win and retain their confidence, (b) How to conduct themselves in the presence of young men. (c) Teach them how to take care of children and sick people, (d) Teach them to be good wives and mothers. Lesson 8. Motherhood: its Duties and Responsibilities- - (a) The highest calling and the choicest blessing is the gift of motherhood, (b) The right of every child to be (c) A child's education should begin at least a year before it is born, (d) How mothers can influence and endow their unborn children. well-bor- n, Lesson 9. Woman's Influence. (a) The power of a charming woman to lead men up to all that is noble, or down to the depths of degredation. (b) Woman's duty to keep herself neat and attractive after marriage as well as be- fore. Lesson 10. Virtue- - (b) (a) The crown of womanhood, A virtuous woman her price is far above rubies, (c) We should be diligent in teaching our children to guard their virtue as they would their lives. Lesson 7. Respect for the Aged. (a) "Honor thy father and thy mother." (b) Teach children to show respect and kindness, (c) How can children best lighten their parents' burdens and show them the greatest honor? (d) Teach children to be respectful to old age everywhere. True Object of Relief Society Work. (a) Visiting the sick, (b) Looking after the poor and needy, (c) Words of cheer Lesson 12. KXPONBNl. and comfort to the down-hearteKind words and a pleasant smile are sometimes of more value than temporal aid. (d) Improvement in home life- - Make home d. attractive. Celia A. Smith, Cor. Sec- of Maricopa Stake R. S. - - IN MEMORIAM. Tribute to the memory of Sister Catherine A. Conover, who died Jan, 5. 1906. Our dear Sister was lovingly called "Aunt Kate." The news of her death will indeed bring sorrow to many hearts Especially will she be missed by the Mutual Improvement girls and Temple workers in Sanpete Stake, as well as her own loved ones. She came to Sanpete in 1889, and was called as a Temple worker, and for the past ten years was Matron of the Manti Temple. After she joined the Manti Ward, she was chosen as second Counselor to the Stake President of the Y. L. M. I. A., which position she held for about ten years. Her counsel was of a sweet and encouraging nature. How her heart would swell with love for the youth of Israel. She was much interested in their welfare. Her wise counsel, given alwaj s in the spirit of kindness and humility will be greatly missed. She was always kind and gentle in her manner, full of charity and sympathy so that all who knew her loved her She was indeed an example of unselfish devotion to her loved ones, as well as her friends and in fact all with whom she was associuted. She possessed the true spirit of hospitality. She is not dead, who toiled for Zion's cause, Truth's advocate endowed with noble zeal, Truly her fixed determination was To do on earth our Heavenly Father's will. Just now her friendly face we cannot see, But none the less fond memory holds her dear, She lives! she lives and sings rejoicingly, With many loved ones in a lottier ephere. C. & M. Willardson. Sister Nancy Margaret Osborn Nielson was born in Greene Co., Indiana, March 8, 1840. Came to Utah in 1852 with htr father's family;her mother died on the plains. Thev settled in East Weber Weber Co. Utah; On Feb. 11, 1857, she was married to Elder Hans Enoch Nielson. They were among the first settlers of Hyrum, coming here in the year i860. She was the mother of eleven children, six of whom will meet her on the other side, while five, three sons and two daugh ers are left here to revere the memory of a kind and loving mother. Oh the 9th of May, 1878, she was choser as Secretary of the Hyru n Ward Relief Society of which she had been a member since its organizamade a tion, ten years before, May 9, 1868. most efficiant Secretary and performed her duty faithfully until Nov. 1, 1891 when she was honorably released. Seven months later she was again chosen one of the officers of the Relief Society in the Hyrum Ward, this time as first Counselor. In May, 1893, she was chosen President of the Relief Society, which office she held until Feb. 1899, when on account of failing health she was honorably released, but on the 25th of October, 1901, when the Hyrum Ward had been divided into three wards, Sister N M. Nielson was again chosen as first counselor in the Ward in which she reHer health did not sided (Hyrum 3rd Ward). on and 18, 1904, she was however, July improve, again released. She was an energetic and able president, a wise counselor, a true friend, and a faithful Latter-daSaint. She died Feb. 2, 1906, at Hyrum, Utah. y Her trials are o'er, the victory won, The reward of faithful Saints is sure. May we cherish her memory, May it lead us on. Till the end of our days, and our race is run. Georgene Ralph, In Loving Remembrance of Emily Eliza Maddi-sowho died very suddenly of heart failure. n; At Providence, Utah, November 28, 1905, Emily Eliza Hemming, the beloved wife of John F. Maddison; she was born in Coventry, Eng land, on the 3rd day of January, 1837, Embraced the Gospel in her youth and was banished several times from her father's house for the gos- pel's sake; crossed the sea in the ship William Tapscott; she waited on the sick during the voyage; arrived in Utah in 1859; lived the first winter in Wellsville, Cache County, and then went to Providence to her permanent home. She married John F, Maddison in i860, and had five children, who died in their infancy, but she reared two motherless children. In her younger days she took an active part in the Primary and Sunday School work and identified herself with the Relief Society from the beginning, and was the first secretary, and at her death was first counselor to the President. Through all her affliction of sorrow and trouble and all the hardships of a new country she was never known to complain. She was a faithful wife and mother; she was always willing to wait upon the sick and render assistance to the poor in their distress; was a true, faithful Latter-da- y Saint, and was beloved by all the Saints. Christinia Theurer, President. Jemima Campbell, Secretary Providence Relief Society. SKETCH OF SISTER MARY JOHN. Sister Mary John was born in Wales Dec. 23, became converted to the doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in the year 1857. Was married to David John, now President of the Utah Stake of Zion, in Cardiff, South Wales , Feb. 8, i860, They left Liverpool, April 16, 1 861, in. the ship Manchester; and reached Provo five months later, where they located and remained until her death. Sis'.er John held the position of secretary of the Third Ward Relief Society for ten years. For eleven years she was counselor to Margaret T. Smoot in the presidency of the Utah Stake Relief Society, and at the death of Sister Smoot succeeded her as president, which position she has filled for twenty-on- e years. She was a faithful worker and was loved and respected by all who knew her. She was the mother of one son and eight daughters, one s?n and three daughters now living. Sister John was one of those noble spirits reserved to come forth in the latter days, and has lived the life of a true Saint, Her death occurred Dec. 14, 1905, the immediate cause being pneumonia, and she is sincerely mourned by her many C. B. P, friends. 1 831; DEATH OF ONE OF OUR BELOVED SISTERS, Sister Mary A. Morton Smith was the daughter of Albert and Josephine Norton, and the wife of Albert S. Smith. She was born Sept. 29, 1874; died Sept. 26, 1905, At an early at her parents' home in Panguitch. age she was associated with the Primary Association and the Mutual Improvement Association. For a number of years she was secretary, treasurer and librarian of the Y. L. M. I Association of Panguitch. In 1901 she was married to Albert S. Smith of Parowan. They made their home in Circleville," where she became an active member of the Relief Society and of the Y. L, M. I. A. at Circleville; these positions she filled wite honor. She was the mother of three childten, all f She leaves a husband, a whom died in infancy. father and mother, two brothers and a sister, as well as many rolatives and a large circle of friends to mourn her loss. The funeral services were held in the meetinghouse, at 3 o'clock on the 8th. The speakers all, spoke of the good qualities of the departed. The, choir rendered beautiful singing, May her loved ones be comforted, in the assurance that she is not dead but gone to continue her labors in a higher M. L. H. and better world. ELIZABETH P. NEWTON. (Died Dec. RESOLUTIONS 3, 1905.; OF RESPECT, ( Whereas, It has pleased our Heavenly Father in his infinite wisdom, to remove from our midst by the hand of death, one of our most esteemed teachers, Elizabeth Parker Newton; and, Whereas. In her departura w have sustained the loss of a true friend and devoted worker, whose presence it was a pleasure to enjoy, and whose life and example is well worthy the emulation of all. Therefore, Be it resolved, That we tender our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family, in this their sad hour of affliction and distress, and that her memory be cherished as a sacred inheritance, to remain with us as long as life shall last, with the hope of meeting in a brighter world. And be it further resolved, That a copy of 