WOMAN'S 6o Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one ear, $1.00; one copy six month 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. Citypareis deliv ;red by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpanel Advertising rates: space one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post matter. Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, Salt Lake City, - I tah, as March, 1906 EXPONENT "The Battle Hymn of the Republic,"and prayer was offered by Hon. John T. Caine, a personal friend of Miss Anthony. The hymn, "Lead Kindly Light," sung by Miss Judith Anderson, Miss Mattie Read accompanying on the organ, was one of Miss Anthony's favorite selections. President Bathsheba W. Smith made in her most gracious way a brief but fervent so enrich our own souls that wherever her spirit may be hidden in the bosom of eternity, she shall be filled with some measure of divine joy that we do remember, and that we do progress because of her life and its let her pure labors. Our hearts are lifted, therefore, in one united hymn of praise and joy, and we offer our pleading petition to that God who doth judge the quick and dead, that in the heavenly home to which some day we shall all go, we may be permitted to mingle and labor in the eternal verities over there, side by side with Susan B. Anthony. Susa Young Gates, Ann M. Cannon, Committee. who The speakers, paid glowing tribMiss utes to Anthony at this meeting, were Mesdames Emily S. Richards, Susa Young Gates and Alice Merrill Home, Miss Judith Anderson rendered a solo, "O Dry Those Tears." it was very sweetly sung. Hon. John T. Caine was the next speaker, followed by George D. Pyper, who sang in his best style, "O My Father," a favorite hymn. Ida Smoot Dusenberry, Mesdames Sarah Jennie Cannon, Minnie J. Snow and Emmeline B. Wells each poke feelingly and effectively of their love, veneration and appreciation of this remarkable woman. y The services closed with singing and prayer by President Martha Home Tingey of the Y. L. N. M. I. A. opening speech. Resolutions from the Utah Woman's Council were read by Mrs. Lydia D. Alder and afterwards unanimously adopted. At a meeting of the State Council of Women, held at Salt Lake City, on Saturday, March 17, 1906, the following preamble and resolutions were unanimously adopted: Whereas, we have learned with deep regret of the death of Susan B. Anthony, woman, and that noble and able and devoted advocate of equal rights self-sacrifici- MISS SUSAN B. ANTHONY. for all. A FRIEND TO HUMANITY. And, Whereas, her whole life has been spent in espousing the cause of humanity, and, Too much cannot be said or done to in endeavoring to place woman on the emphasize the great work and worth of same plane with man; therefore, be it Miss Anthony, whose passing away has Resolved, that in her death the women of left a void no other woman can quite Utah, the United States and the world, of lose their dearest and best friend, and fill; her magnificent ideas equal privileges touched every heart that beats with most consistent exponent of woman sufgenuine love for mankind. It is impossi- frage, and be it further ble for us to write satisfactorily upon such Resolved, that we tender our heartAnfelt sympathy to her loved ones in this a theme as her life presents. Miss thony's personality pervaded the atmos- hour of thei- sadness and affliction, and phere of every room she entered; her that her memory be revered as a sacred queenly manner and the majesty of her inheritance, and an incentive to everypresence would adorn any station in life, thing that is ennobling and uplifting, and even had she been elected President of that it may live in the world s archives the United States. But though she only with those who have left the world sought for equal privileges with the oppo- better for having lived in it. And also site sex in the State and at the ballot be it Resolved, that the above preamble and box, that small bcon was withheld. be spread on the minutes of exertions resolutions her own active Through of Women of Utah, Council with love her great for humanity the State coupled in the Salt Lake jourand personal influence, she created for and be published thereof be transmitted a and herself without wealth or titles a national nals, copy of the Woman's National and international reputation for wisdom to the president and knowledge of affairs that gave her the Suffrage Association, entre into the best society throughout the Emily S. Richards, President. United States and the countries she visElizabeth M. Cohen, Secretary. ited. Her own great soul dominated Resolutions of Y. L. N. M. I. A. read without any assumption of power, and Miss Ann M. Cannon: those around her realized she was a born by leader, and became her loyal adherents Whereas, the members of this associto follow her lead. ation do feel a personal loss in the death At the present time we cannot really of humanity's uncrowned queen, Miss estimate her loss.nor can we do justice to Susan B. Anthony, and, her many admirable qualities; nor relate Whereas, the beauty and glory of her her remarkable adventures and stories of life have become a part of the heritage travel, we can only write a few words as of the ages; and through that life every a loving tribute to her memory and leave woman's intelligence and freedom have the matter to come up later, when there been augmented in an incalculable dehas been time to tell the narrative of her gree; and therefore, every man born of life-womere fittingly than a brief no- woman has had his own horizon enlarged, tice hastily written. his possibilities increased, and his characWe mourn for her with her many ter ennobled; and, unselfish defriends, and we also rejoice in the great Whereas, her Christ-likwork she accomplished. One writer said votion to life's highest ideals, and her acof her most truly, "She has lived a thoucurate appreciation of justice, which sand years, if achievement can measure never steeled her heart to the pleadings the length of life." of mercy, have set a goodly pattern for Memorial services were held as a tribus to follow; and, ute to Miss Susan B. Anthony in the Salt Whereas, her passing is as fruitful and Lake Assembly Hall, on the Temple beautiful as was her living; block in this city, on Saturday morning, Now, therefore, be it resolved, that we, March 18, 1906, President Bathsheba W. the members of this association, do conSmith presiding. The hall was appropri- secrate one hallowed niche in each indiately decorated with Stars and Stripes, vidual memory wherein to place the of Susan B. Anthony, the supreme palms and flowers. The services were the congregation sang leader of womankind in modern historicdeeply impressive; Mrs. Julia Ward Howe's glorious words, al times; and that we will endeavor to Dox-olog- - THE LION HOUSE PARTY. rk e, life-wo- rk life-passi- j . Col. Willard Young, Master of Ceremonies, introduced the speakers, making suggestive explanatory remarks. We of the early days in the valley, have many tender recollections of the Lion House. The name is significant in the history of Salt Lake City, and it means much of sentiment and veneration to some of us who were familiar with the house and its former occupants. What memories it awakens to go inside its walls or even to gaze upon the outside. Built firm, strong and substantial, may it ever be preserved. Great men and women have been sheltered there, and children who have achieved greatness have been born there. The greatest and grandest men of their time have prayed and sung and feasted within its sacred precincts, and great truths have been given to the world from the owner of that stately mansion and from his associates-Sittinin the Lion House parlor one can recall varied scenes of the past, and one becomes visionary, for the faces and forms of long ago come back as it were, and stand in their accustomed places; and though the room may be crowded, we see not those that are there so well as we do the ones who once filled these now vacant halls. It reminds one of Moore: "I feel like one who treads alone Some banquet hall deserted, Whose lights are fled, whose garlands dead. And all but me departed," Or like Longfellow: "This is the place Let me review the scene, And summon from the shadowy past The forms that once have been." There is no time nowadays to dream; 