WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' 7 .:ri,rrrx "MOTHERS' WORK SNOWFLAKE I tne laborer. STAKE. Doc.i& Coy. sec. 42: 42.- -- (b) No place in the Church for the idler. Doc. & Cov. 75: 28, 29. (c) Teach young children how to work. Doc. k Cov. sec. 68: 30, 3I. j Prayer. "Prayer is the simplest form of speech That infant lips can try; Prayer the sublimest strains that reach The majesty on high.'" (a) Teach children to pray as soon as thev are old enough to talk. Mat- 7: 7 Co v. sec, 103: 36. 8.; Doc-iS- : (d) The idler shall suffer hunger. Prov ' 19:, I5- Committee Adeline H. Savage, Mary ' ' . A. Gardner, Sarah Eagar. TOOELE - ple. v (c) I I peo- Nephi 3: 6, 7; 4: 24. Sorrows that attend the disobedient. Samuel 15: 22; Improvement Era vol. 5, What would be the effect upon the boy or girl, morally, physically and mentally by being allowed to go into society too young? (f) How to retain the confidence of the boy or girl as they grow up to manhood and womanhood. (g) Parents should look well to the company their boys and girls keep, for therein lies the key to their success or failure. Lecture 2. -- Character. "Dare to have a character of thine own. and let it be an honor to thy name." Choose good companions and read books. (b) Guard our words and actions. thoughts as well as Purity of Thought. aims. .. (a) From the abundance of the heart (d) "There is no excellence without the mouth speaketh. labor." (b) Are not our minds and characters (e) "The basis of intellectual knowledge made in a great measure by our thoughts. is to know, the basis of moral cul(c) Encourage pure conversation in the ture is the desire to do light." home. "How long we live, not years but ac(d) What is the result of impure' contions tell." versation among our boys and girls. 4 (e) To have pure thoughts, keep mind employed in pure studies. Mothers Talk. (f) Can the Spirit of God dwell with (a) Mothers should have the confidence with those who encourage impure of their children. thoughts and conversations? b) Children should be taught the Lecture 3. of life's mission. Rights of Children. .vie) Self sacrifice. (a) We'must not only be ready rto talk (d) Importance of cleanliness. to and advise children, but also be readv (e) Plenty of sleep and pure air necesto listen while they talk. sary. (b) The talk we have now with our (0 Good seeds bring forth good fruits, children truly "heart toheart" talk will (g) Anything worth doing is worth do, ing well. help them as the years go by to decide for right and truth- "So close is glory to our dust, (c) Children's rights should not interSo near is God to man,-Whefere with the' rights of others, andthe duty whispers low, 'Thou must," sooner they learn that most important The youth replies, "I can." lesson, the better parents and citizens will they in turn become. (d) One fault of parents is, that they too often exact blind obedience from Associates. children. "An author is known by his writings, a their A boy or girl in knowing the law .. mother by' her daughter, 'a fool by his and(e) obeying it, becomes a free moral words, and all men by their companions. " agent whom even God would not restrict. (f) Should we not respect the rights of (a( We are creatures of imitation. our children in public gatherings, that ( b) B etter be alone than in bad comwh en th ey - arrive earl y and get a - good pany." seat, .should they be crowded outto make (cX More of our education is received by, example than I Cor. 5: room for some, one who arrives there late? 131.... o (This might be modified.) ' (c) Have pure desires as well as noble sa-credn- ess . . n -- . r -- f J by.-precept- - 9-- ,-- k 6 . Idleness: 1 . Defer not till tomorr6wto be wie.- Tomorrow's surrmay never rise." - Lecture 4. Partiality in the Home. v v " Ja) ess . and fall by the wayside because their parents are manifestly partial in the bestowal of their love and encouragement. (f) God help our parents to all live aright, And may our homes all love and truth unfold, j (g) Since life for us no loftier aim can hold v . Than leading little children to the right. .. Lecture . ' Moral Training. I (e) Willing obedience the most acceptable to our Heavenly Father. (d) 1,'ood . self-consciousn- " work? page 410. (a) 1. age," thereby increasing the ; ol that period. ' . of (d) Necessity parents being impartial in the iimily circle. . (e) Many children become discouraged Our Boys and Our Girls. (a) What shall they be taught and who shall teach it. (b) Ignorance is not innocence. (c) The results of foolish modesty. (d) At what age should a boy or girl be ready to share father's and mother's (a) Necessity of obedience. that attend obedient STAKE. Lecture Obedience. (b) Blessings la w b u t en ui t vv"-mother should ever speak in . . (c) No her children's presence of the "awkward tfiri nstfc ek no wsri 0 A simple-hou- r : of, justice is worth several years of prayer. (a) The object of moral and religious training is to enable the child to recognize the divine laws and learn to obey them. (b) Intellectual and moral training re- quire personal and individual effort on the part of each mother, which she often fails to meet. (c) Be your children's companion yourself. (d) A truly religious person will be a truly moral person. (e) The mother is the child's first teacher, and must teach her children daily lessons in morality, patience, indus-- : try and truthfulness, (f) Fortunate are the children whose training and environments are such as to establish habits of I all the virtues. We are trained in habjts of morality, reverence, honesty and courtesy, (h) The children of today are the society, the church, landthe nation of tomorrow. Lecture ' 6. Loyalty. . What is more beautiful than loyalty in the home, where parents and chil(a) dren enjov each other's! society. (b) Parents must work, together and in perfect harmony if true loyalty is to be established in the homo, (c) How can we create an atmosphere of love and kindness in our home. that will be felt by all. (d) the necessity of children being loyal to their parents and each other. (el 'Honoring the priesthood of God n d t h os e i rt a u t hor i ty ay er t h e nw (f) The lives of our prophets and other great men are examples of loyalty in every sense of the word. (g) This above all tohine self be true, thou canst not then be false to any one. Alice K. Woolley, President; Rose Hammond and Maggie Anderson, Counselors; Mary E. Halladay, Secretary. . x -- Madame Curie, the discoverer with her husband of radium, has been appointed to the chair of the new professorship in the Soibonne, Paris, founded for her The minister of public in husband. struction has ratified the choice of the faculty, and "congratulates himself on being the first Democratic minister of education to appoint a woman to what is,.. in some ways', the most distinguished -- . -- chair iathe, Sorbonne," 1 