WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 58 Smith and Charles W. Penrose, Elders Nephi L. Morris and Homer Duncan, the latter her old captain in crossing the plains, and Bishop George H. Taylor. Peace be to her ashes: Emma J. Bennett. (a) How much may Church or society expect of mothers of young children? Let motherhood. (b) of children care take mothers occasionally of their friends; giving opportunity for etc- R. S. UINTAH STAKE. Lecture Subjects. (a) Plan and girls as fathers and of the next generation, mothers Leclure I. Parental culture and force Reference: Doctrine and of example. Covenants, Testimony, Book of Mormon and questions. Current events of the Lecture Church. Reference: Era, Our Times. Our boys - Lecture 3. Etiquette in the home. Reference: Any good authority in Church works, magazines or journals. Lecture 4. Life of Joseph Smith. (Govern yourselves on the time of lecture.) Lecture 5. The objective point of view Reference: Testimony. Lecture 6- Book of Mormon and questions. Lecture 7. Current events. Lecture 8. Etiquette in the homeLecture 9. Life of Joseph Smith. Lecture 10. Through the law of heredity. Testimony. Lecture 11. Book of Mormon and - - questions. Lecture 12. Current events. Lecture 13. Etiquette in the home. Lecture 14. Intemperance. Reference: Testimony. Lecture 15. Book of Mormon and quesLecture 16. Current events. Lecture 17. Etiquette in the home. Lecture 18. Life of Joseph Smith. Lecture 19. Physiological Psychology down to wild oats. Testimony. Lecture 20. Book of Mormon and questions. Leclure 21. Current events. Lecture 22. Etiquette in the home. Lecture 23. Life of Joseph Smith. Lecture 24. Wild oats down to part second. Testimony. (Signed) Phebe A. Merkley, Sec. ENSIGN STAKE. Mothers' Work. Lecture 1. (a) The ideal mother. mother; the mother. (c) What about the father? (d) What is most desirable in a self-indulge- over-indulge- nt nt mother? (e) Are our girls being prepared for ideal motherhood? Lecture 2. The Ideal Mother (continued.) Pharaoh's daughter (c) Barbarous destruction of children at the birth of Christ and of Moses. (d) Compare with prenatal destruction of children at present time. Lecture carefully each 3. Moses (continued.) 3. day's week's work, (b) Stated times for sleeping and and (a) Egyptian civilization and the splendid education of Moses(b) His discipline in the wilderness as a preparation for his future work. (e) His call to be leader of Israel. (d) The laws of today the outgrowth of the laws of Moses. - eat- ing. (c) People should not be needlessly disturbed during sleep. Lecture 4. Lecture 4. Moses (continued.) Economy in the Home. (a) The Ten Commandments. (a) Economy of time. (b) Treat each one separately, making (b) Use of baskets and trays in carrying and application to our daily life. things from basements, store-rootables. Lecture 5. ms (c) Economy in buying. Moses (continued") ''He who buys what he does not want, Will sometimes want what he cannot buy." (d) Advantages and disadvantages of wholesale buying. (c) As much judgment required in spending as in earning money. Lecture 5. (a) er food and good cooking. (c) Read Leviticus, Chap. XIV, and note the care taken to prevent the spread of leprosy. (d) Talk on sanitation and the prevention of contagious diseases. Lecture 6. The sinfulness of waste. Moses (continued.) "Wilful waste makes woeful want." (b) The example of the Savior in the Feast of the Loaves and Fishes. (c) Small savings in the fuel, lights, food, clothing, etc., aggregate much. Lecture 6. Neatness in the Home. (a) Personal appearance. (b) Taste in dress. Do not wear visit- ing or street dresses for house work. Percales or wash goods are suitable for home work. (c) The advantages of aprons and work sleeves. (d) Table manners. (e) Selfishness table. Sanitation, Hygiene and Foods of Mosaic Laws. (a) Read Leviticus chap. XI. (b) Talk on Hygiene, selection of prop- , Economy in the Home (continued.) tions. (b) The sewing, - (c) Each mother responsible for conduct of all children in her home. MOTHERS' WORK. 2- work, meeting going, special (b) God's preservation cf Moses through the agency of his mother, sister and and unselfishness at (a) Read the song of Moses Ex. Chap-XV- . (b) Read Ex. Chap.. XVI, the Lord provides quails and manna for the chil- dren of Israel. (c) Compare with the miraculous preservation of the Saints on their journey across the plains and in the early days of Utah. (d) Incidents of the quails, gulls and crickets. (e) Relate other incidents of a miracu- lous nature. Program Committee. S. E. Stewart, M. C. Roberts, E. S. Wilcox. M. A. Romney, Pres't. A. K. Hardy, Sec'y, (f) Handle no food but your own. Program Committee. Lecture t. Children God's Best Heritage. (a) Illustrate from the lives of Sarah, Rebecca and Rachel. (b) Their great desire for children. (c) Posterity Abraham's reward for his faithfulness. (d) Marriage should be between people of the same faith. (c) Give Bible references. Isaac and ERRATA. In the January number of the paper an error occurs in the poem "No Farewell," by Lydia D. Alder, in the fourth verse, the last word of the last line should read, "interwove," instead of interwoven; and in the second line of the first, the little word "to" alters the meaning; the line should read: "To go means but return, some other day. And in the poem "Today," in the February number of the Jacob. paper, in the second line of the second Lecture 2. verse the word "tug" instead of "try." Moses. "None ever reach it; try as they may." (a) His birth. Pharaoh's cruelty in It is very trying for the poet and we are destroying Israelitish children: very sorry errors should occur. 