WOMAN'S 68 Apostle-poe- Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six month 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv sred by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, old-fashion- Salt Lake City, Utah. iicond-clas- Salt Lake City, I tah, Salt Lake City. Utah. A - May, and it is only men who have the greatest courage to rise above the most adverse conditions, that will attempt to retrieve their fortunes so swiftly swept away. These great disturbances of nature are appalling to the human mind, and as yet the wisdom of men, with the knowledge of science of the earth, has failed to account altogether, or at any rate foretell when such events may come. Surely this one came as "a thief in the night." One lesson surely it will teach to "love our neighbor" to the extent of imparting of our substance to him in his need' The hearts of the people have been touched deeply, sympathetically, and the giving has been most generous, bountiful even and in the spirit of and wfth good-wil- l, love, such love as will eventually preyail to bring all mankind up to a higher standard. For a time it seemed other daily occupations stood still and waited until the sufferers could be cared for, and sending off substantial relief was the order of the day and hour. It was expected the report of the Relief Society here would have been ready by this time, but it is in the hands of a competent committee who will prepare it in good time. Several Stakes of Zion have united in this, and it is really desirable to ascertain from all, whether in Utah or adjoining states and territories. Even if we do not wish to make it known now, it is right that it should be made a matter of record in the history of the charitable work of this great organiza- ed voice. as It really seemed a perfect day throughout without a shadow to mar the pleasure of the guests. In after years those younger sisters who participated on that occasion will recall this party as a momentous affair and remember this matter. s t homage to womanhood and especially to the women of Zion. Apostle C. W. Penrose also eulogized the lady in his own original happy manner, and the affair was really a most enjoyable event to all present. The menu was of the choicest variety and daintily served by the same committee of ladies. Music and songs helped to enliven the Sister Maggie Hull happy company. some favorite with favored the ladtes Scotch songs, in her peculiarly expressive style with her rare rich EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. the Post Office in of struggling gone in an hour, lost irrevocably, it is an object lesson to the world, Orson F. Whitney.addressed in the most eloquent manner, the lady and in the choicest language, paying Woman's Exponent Entered at BXPONEXT 1906 PRETTY MAY DAY PARTY. magnificent gathering of beautiful women. It was indeed a red letter day in woman's blue and the balmy air was filled with the history. sweet fragrance of lilies, lilacs, and All nature seemed trying EARTHQUAKE AND FIRE. to make the day glorious.. It was the eighty-fourt- h People all over the United States have anniversary of the birthday bebeen terribly exercised and their tender-e- st of the woman who stands fore all other women in Zion, President feelings drawn out in heartfelt symW. call "The we her Bathsheba Smith, pathy and compassion over the panic and of Elect Lady." The committee arrangedistress, caused by the destructive earthments who had been selected to take quake and devastating fire that followed charge of the affair, had made every pre- it in San Francisco and thereabouts paration carefully, Sister Rebecca E. along the Pacific Coast, on April 18th Little had opened her elegant home for ult., leaving such desolation in its track, the happy occasion, and the rooms were and causing such great loss of human life tastefully decorated with sweet flowers. and of valuable property, and most of all The guests were in gala spirits, waiting to terrible pain and suffering almost, and do honor to the fair lady whose natal really in many, instances worse than death itself. How the people who particday they had assembled to celebrate. She was elegantly attired in a beautiful ipated in this horrible catastrophe enwhite silk gown, every thread Utah silk, dured it and lived is wonderful; surely and the entire fabric manufactured in the Lord has been merciful to help them Salt Lake City and presented to her by bear it; to us at a distance from the the ladies of the Board; the elegant lace scenes of horror it has been almost unentrimmings were of the finest quality, ,and durable to contemplate. What must it the scarf the lady wore upon her snow have been to those who were eye witwhite hair was the finest of Spanish lace. nesses or were in the immediate vicinity, Mrs. Smith is a typical Virginian lady, even though they escaped uninjured. To hear some of these people recount stately, tall and dignified, graceful in movement and gracious in manner. The even a little of the horrors that took ladies gathered round her with congratu- place near them is heartrending, and aclations and gifts and a few gentlemen tion seems the only alternative; to render who honored the occasion with their pres- some sort of assistance is a little allevia ence paid her marked attention. President tion. Imagine seeing a great city laid John R. Winder brought greetings from waste in a day; it is to be hoped the horthe First Presidency to the lady, with ror of these terrible sights may fade out eigthy-fou- r pure white carnations, pre- of the memory of those who were there in his genial way with the and could not escape seeing the pathetic, them senting usual compliments and congratulations. tragic and often revolting scenes while Sister Carrie S. Thomas took charge the fire was raging. of the prograrh, and called upon the To read of these catastrophes in ancient after the and times was always harrowing to one's feelopening speakers; singers from a and and to be in the midst of it in the Apostle George ings, speech hymn A, Smith about the Smith family. Sister present day is beyond what one can sense, Emmeline B. Wells made an impromptu who is remote from the actual occurrence. address in behalf of the guests, and read And yet it has transpired almost at our a Poem written expressly for the birthday own doors as it were, for San Francisco entitled "The Elect Lady," in which the the gate of the Pacific ocean seems so guest of honor was crowned with a tiara near to us here that we feel it is at least of lilies of the valley, a fitting symbol of our neighbor. her singularly beautiful life, by Mrs. It has given the people an opportunity Annie Wells Cannon. Following this, to prove their benevolence, their pity, the committee, Sisters J. P. M. Farns-wort- their generosity and their genuine love Carrie S. Thomas, Isabel M. Sears for humanity. Perhaps they needed this and Rebecca E. Little came forward, and terrible lesson, for this world has grown with a very pretty verse or two, crowned cold and hard, we are told, and money-gettin- g her again with a wreath of magnificent has become a sort of mania, now white and The when men see a fortune amassed by years pink A very beautiful day was Wednesday, the third of May, 1906; the skies were apple-- blossoms. pre-emine- nt h, apple-blossom- s. tion. The sisters who have been dilatory or indifferent in regard to saving grain may realize more the Importance attached to the storing of grain by the women of Zion by this object lesson. ELIZABETH J. STEVENSON. "Of all the thoughts of God that are Borne inward into souls afar, Along the Psalmist's music deep Now tell me if that any is. For gift or grace surpassing this, 'He giveth His beloved sleep.' " ! However long we may live we never seem ready to part with our friends or relatives when the time comes for them to go hence. It is strange that having passed through so many of the trying ordeals we are nevertheless just as ill prepared for ihe shock when it comes, as those younger people who know less of these changes. We part for a few days feeling sure we shall meet again, and the "dread monster" steps in unawares, as it were, and takes the near and dear, and we are powerless to avert the seeming calamity. Then we must summon all our courage to go on with our acccustomed duties. It is the only alternative, nothThere is so ing else ever does so well. much more to be done now the loved one has gone, who labored so diligently, so valiantly; her unfinished work must be taken up by another, and we must not wear a sad countenance, for it is pleasing to the Lord that we should be cheerful, and so we go about our accustomed duties and try to become resigned to the lonely . feeling that inevitably follows the loss of 