WOMAN'S EXPONENT. a dear friend or neighbor, a companion or associate. In the passing away of Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson, the sisters in the Salt Lake Temple, where she was called among the first to labor, and in the General Relief Society, realize they have lost one of their best workers, and a true friend. She was always willing to do double duty when it was at all possible; no task too hard, no burden too heavy, a friend in need to those in want of assistance, either temporal or spiritual. A comforter to those who were cast down or oppressed, such a one must be greatly missed by those who had received from her kindly and loving ministrations. "And friends, dear friends, when it shall be, That this low breath is gone from me, And roun1 ray bier 3e come to weep, Let one, most loving of you all, Say, 'Not a tear must o'er her fall! He giveth His beloved sleep,' " . It is the opinion of the writer that could our beloved sister and friend, who has left us, speak to us now, she would say, "Do not weep for me but take up the task I have laid down and be valiant for the truth of the Gospel of our Lord and Savior." In some respects the demise of Sister Stevenson was sadder than when one dies at home. Going from her home on Monday, April 18, to attend a conference at Emery, Emery Co., for the Relief Society (a work she greatly loved) she was taken sick upon the journey; her illness was so serious from the first that her traveling companion, Sister Hattie B. Harker, telephoned to the family on Saturday night, and her daughter, Sister Wilcox, started on the Sunday morning train to go to her mother's assistance; hearing by telephone message on reaching Price (the end of the railroad) that her mother was worse, she sent to Salt Lake for her husband, Dr. C F. Wilcox, to come as soon as possibleThe doctor complied with his wife's request, and everything was done for the sick woman that skill and remedies could effect. Sister Stevenson had great faith herself, and she was administered to by the brethren of the priesthood many times, but from the first it seemed that pneumonia had fastened upon her vital parts, and prayers and faith although comforting and soothing, could not avail, and she breathed her last in mortality on the morning of Wednesday, April 25, 1906, her daughter, Sister Wilwere by the bedside cox, and and Sister Harker, who had been her associate in visiting Emery Stake, with others of the sisters, were present to render any assistance possible. Her last words were, "I know that my Redeemer liveth." As soon as possible after the sad event Elder Ezra Stevenson (Sister Stevenson's son in this city) was apprised of the sad occurrence, and arrangements were made to bring the body home- From Emery to Price, sixty miles by team, required time, and the journey under the circumstances was mournful indeed. Sister Wilcox was overwhelmed with grief, also Sister Harker, who felt for her companion the most intense sympathy in her great sor- son-in-la- w - row. The mourners reached Salt Lake at midnight, Thursday, April 26, and were met at the depot by members of the fam 69 Sister Stevenson was taken to her own home in tne 18th ward of this city. The tender sympathy of the many friends was expressed for the bereaved ones, by loving words and messages, and all that it was possible to do was done for those who had suffered the irreparable ments on her life. President Martha H Tingey of the Y. L M. I. A. spoke eloquently for a few minutes; she also had always known Sister Stevenson. Elder Orson F, Whitney then addressed the congregation, speaking with great force and power, paying a glowing tribute to women, and especially mentioning the Relief Society as the first great organization of women founded anywhere in the world, and by the Prophet Joseph himself; he then referred to the spread of woman's work and influence in the world since that time. Sister Emmeline B. Wells followed this eloquent discourse and President John R. Winder spoke a few minutes of the many noble qualities and virtues of Sister Stevenson and emphasized her diligent service in the Temple. The choir sang "Shall we meet beyond the river." Bishop George Romney pronounced the benediction. The services were very impressive and the Holy Spirit seemed to pervade the house and fill the hearts of all present, singers, speakers and hearers. One could not help feeling the divine influence, and could Sister Stevenson have looked in and heard and taken note of all, she must have been gratified with the respect and love manifest in all that was said and done throughout the entire ceremonies. ily. loss. The funeral services were held in the 8th ward Chapel, Sunday, April 29, at 12 m. Friends were permitted to call at the home during the forenoon, and the house was filled with brethren and sisters coming and going for hours. Sister Stevenson looked lovely in her pure white Temple clothes, like a beautiful bride ready to meet her bridegroom. The floral offerings were exquisite and tastefully arranged by loving friends, the sisters of the Temple, the General Board of the Relief Society and adjacent stake associations, the Reapers' Social and very many who loved her, sent sweet and fragrant floral tributes in recognition of their friendship and sisterly devotion to the deceased, with whom they had labored in works of love. On the stand at the Chapel were Presi1 dent John R. Winder of the First Presidency of the Church, Elders Rudger Clawson, C. W. Penrose and O. F. Whitney of the Apostles, Dr. Seymour B. Young and J. Golden Kimball of the Council of Seventy, President Richard W- Young, Jos. S. Wells and John M. Knight of the Ensign Stake, High Councilors and prominent brethren and sisters; one side of the stand the seats were occupied by the Temple workers, and the other side the General Board of the Relief Society; the hall was draped in white and the white casket in front of the stand was covered with the beautiful floral emblems of innocence and purity. The Chapel was filled with relatives, friends and acquaintances. The Bishop of the ward, T. A. Clawson, conducted the serviees, Professor C. J. Thomas, with the Temple choir, took charge of the music, which was very inspiring, The Temple choir rendered the hymn, "Do what is right." Prayer was offered Kimball; choir then sang by Elder "Who are these arrayed in white." The first speaker was President Bathsheba W. Smith, who presides over the sisters in the Salt Lake Temple and is also the General President of the Relief Society of the Church in all the world. She paid an affectionate tribute to the memory of Sister Stevenson with whom she had been so closely associated for many years. President S. B. Young, the next speaker, alluded particularly to Elder Edward Stevenson, who had been a member of the Council of Seventy and spoke of the joyous meeting of this good woman with her husband "beyond the veil." Sister Hattie B. Harker spoke of the severe illness and demise of Sister Stevenson, giving some of the details of the sad event. Sister Ruth M. Fox followed, she had known Sister Stevenson from her childhood, and alluded particularly to her motherly qualities in a very sweet and touching way. Brother Charles Pike rendered divinely the grand old hymn, "I know that my Redeemer lives." Bishop George H. Taylor of the 14th ward, where Sister Stevenson had lived for many years, addressed the congregation briefly, making many eulogistic com The journey is o'er, the fight is fought She has reached the home of her love, And the smile on her beautiful face is caught, From the land of smiles above. - "After the burden and heat of the day, The starry calm of night, After the rough and toilsome way, A sleep in the robe of white." BIOGRAPHICAL. Sister Elizabeth Jane Stevenson was born February 8, 1838, in Parish, St. Aubens, Jersey, Channel Isles. Her par- ents were Phillip and Mary Remon Du At the early age of twelve years she was baptized into the Church of Latter-da- y Saints by the late President John Taylor; the home of her parents was headquarters for "Mormon" missionaries until the family came to Utah in 1854. They crossed the Atlantic in a and were six weeks upon vessel sailing the ocean, landed in New Orleans and the same crossed the plains with the many hardships year, experiencing and privations of those early pilgrimages. The journey to the valley was sadly memorable on account of cholera, from which fatal disease two of the sisters of Sister Stevenson died and were buried by the wayside. The year following, on November 28, 1805, Elizabeth Jane Du Fresne was united in marriage to Elder Ezra Stevenson, a man who spent most of his life in the mission field Seven children were born to them, of whom only two are now Hying, Elizabeth S. Wilcox and Ezra T. Stevenson. There are quite a number of grandchildren to mourn her loss, for she was particularly dear to them. Sister Stevenson was affectionately cherished in the bosom of her own family; she was very loving and generous in her nature, and not only to her own, but to her large circle of friends whom she delighted to entertain in the most hospitable fashion. Her home was always a resting place for those who needed a temporary haven, and she made the Saints gladly Fresne, J-- ox-tea- ms I 