WOMAN'S KXPONKNT . JOURNEY ACROSS THE SEA AND PLAINS. Jnll-the:WArtl- is just fifty yearn ago today. Since'. we left home and native km To gather to Ziou .d to obey Latter-daU 1. ' command. y my Sa'nted mother, hiee sisters and a litde brother, weeks in a sailing vessel we came, I ,s;x o"' i lit, vi vvyi4 " name I " , nir s she retained her bright and noble 'miiM to her death; her memory was rdma'rkahle, also'her eye- ope of the siktt, never using spectacles; of mojst remarkable women; she died us she had Latter-da"faithful lived, a Saint, and her light will shine before' her chlipren both in time" and eternity. Her genial disposition won for her the love of all with whom she was "associated; God grant that all may strive to emulate her. ly well, in the larger towns particularly so. In the Parowan ward the Relief S ciety is making a mighty effort to build themselves a commodious and respectable a-- jhc'tiue ami Jn c 'mpany with - 9 it was a rough voyage; we had a terrible storm. l,ut we felt that God was at. the helm and we were m His care. Wi,t:i we arrived at ths New Vork shore. A c were taankful to see land vna more. Tiicnee we traveled b train to Iowa; Ami six weeks there we ha to stay, 1 I'l tii they fixed the hand-car- t train; So we could start to cioss the plain. Ah me! how " nuuh to us that word cont- ain-, The great and dp ary desert plai; s It was the fifteenth day of July before we could 6trt upou our overland journe. ; and for five weeks we traveled on without cassation. Never even sfopp'd for rest on Sundav, We were in the buffalo country. Must of our catt'e stampeded one uie;ht, Lav.ng us in a dreadful plight. . she-wa- y building; we have purchised a building spot, and last evening closed the contract for One hundred thnmanrl hrtrtr wKJrVi are to be ready by the last of July. Next Sunday at 2 p. m. we hold our conference at Cedar City, we do not expect a representative of .the General Bjard this time, but at the best convenience of all .will call special meetings for our' visitors. Our Mothers work lias given the happiest results, beside attracting, the organization seems to be toned up, and is regarded as an institution of greater importanceOn Thursday a sister will lecture on Self Improvement, and I am to treat upon the subject of "The higher ideals of LrTITIA M. Sl'KNCER. ' - K EMffcf f. ,L R KSOIUT IONS-O- H Whereas, the Almighty in His unbounded and infinite wisdom has s en fit to take from our midst our beloved Amanda Stow ell Huth r, who was Pres dent of the Trenton Relief Society,, for twelve years, froui Julv, iS(4. until February, 19 5 when she was honorably released on account of the sickness which en Jed in her death; and Whereas, she has ever been a faithful worker In the Lord's vineyard, a minister to the poor, the needy and the suiTering. now, therefore, be it Resolved, that we. the officers of the Trenton Relief Society of the Benson Stake of Zion do extend to thi family our sincere sympathy, and prav that they will follow and emulate the example of their noble and beloved one; and be it r, the home." We held our Peace meetings May 27th, were satisfied with" the results; at Cedar City I hear the meeting was one ever to be remembered. Prof. Maybe of the B N. S. was the chief speaker and His hearers were enrapt with his soul stirring eloquence, and thoroughly endorsed his ' plea fi.r peace. Tomorrow our ward president, sist e r 5 A. Adams with three of her daughters leive for a three weeks trip to Los Angeles, sister Mary A. Smith Wimmer (the first counselor,) is very poorly and is goSalt Lake City, that she may ing go to the temple and be baptized for her health, I do hope she can go, she U a noble character and has been called upon to suffer much. Bishop just stepped in, I delivered your kind message, he wishes to be kindly remembered and prays that you may have good health; Sister Adams S3i"d s he wo u d wri t e you: a t ou r m eeting on Thursday and Sunday I will give your I aploving sentiments to the sisters. preciate your sisterly wishes for me and mine, I feel we need to support each other in this way, it gives us greater strength - . further Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be recorded in the Trenton Relief Society Record, an l that aeopy-akbe sent to each member of the. family. Mary H. Binglnm Margaret Benson, Mary Ann Ra vlins, Presidency of the Trenton Relief Society - or five days the men were out sea:ching for tf.e:u. bu it was of no use. they were lost indeed, and it was beyond our ixnver to recover them. l Mrs. Louise Eddins Hales, wife of oi'.r esteemed and veteran t it zen George Hales, departed this lite onl nesaayrApnr 17.. or "general debility and old age She was born at Ciadley, Herefordshire, England, June is 1834, arriving at Nauvoo the sam- - war. Here the ramilv remained until the exodus from that city in 1846. They remained in Florence, Win er Ouarters until the spring of 1S4S. when they proceeded on their journey, reaching Salt Lake the same year. Mrs. Hales was married toGeorge Hales about 1S52, since which timeshe has been a resident of Heaver. S ster Hales has endured many tiials since the early settlement of Utah, and and has ever remained true to the faith she espoused; she was a kind and loving wife, a devoted mother and a good citizen- She was the mother of eleven children, five of whom survive her, she has twenty-fougrandchildren and six great grandchildren living. Funeral services were held in the L. 'I)- - S. chapel, Thursday 19th inst; at which consoling remarks eulogistic of the life and character of the deceased were made by Elders John Lang, George Pace and R Maeser. Heaver Weekly Press. ' It was of no use. men searched in vain. And then the camp marched on again, rTutinter wards got d CaptaTnAVilley thoiiglit We'd keep the Sabbath as we ou 'lit. tir fw catile tlut The remained were oked up and every hai.dcart canied an extra hundred 'pounds ol flour, but our rati ns wi:h the cows, ft.il sh: rt. To these Pilgim.s cold and hunger came, But we travel'd on just ti.e same, Strong men failed, for it was very hard To walk all ('av. and at nisht J o stand o'uard: Many died martyrs, but th-- y are all right, Bravely and well they fought the good fight, dol will lemember thim; I mio what I say, They'll come forth in the Resurrection day'. i reni.iauer one uay, ..iecimg so sau Mother was sick, and look d very bad, Others were dying. nd she might die loo. And I wondere I, if so, what we would do; ' I wept at the thought, she saw me and said greet, but pray to him overhead, Who tempers the wind, to the shorn lamb; I've prayed and I've promued to nevei com- "i-iiun- a - ptamr me ing. Mother could lie down and rest btrself, say ing, "I'm thankful as if in the kingdom of Lovingly, E. heav'n." yVe arrived safe the last of November.: A day of rejoicing that we all remember. Four now have passed over to the other side. Faithful and true they lived and they died. Boys, this is the path jour mother has trod I pray you hold fast to 'The iron jod," And .follow the path that will lead you to God. No earthly'riches can ever compare To the reward reserved for the faithful What j.jy and rejoic ng when we get wh. re r Our loved ones and all the righteous dwell, And as the song sa s, in my heart I say, "The trials of the road will be as nought, t When we get to the en,d of the way," And partake of the blessings they've brought. Beaver, Utah, May Betsy smith Goodwin. 2, 1906. ... TOMAN'S VOICE. Afv ! C . ... 5 v.." In respunse to your 'kind note of May time 'to tell 2Sth,I you of our latest movements as Relief Society workers in this'" stake: I believe felt-that-I-must-t- ake priv-tion- Crane Watson. July 9, 1906. s - r ' encouragement."" am very busy in many ways, but I have enjoyed this indulgence of a pen chat with you. May the best gifts of our Fathers be yours, She kept her wod and my eldest brother, Robert A. Ba n, met us at Green river, With teams and supplies, and no starv- c t 1 I true." -- s a rid Whatever the trials we have to pass through, If our lives are spared we'll be faithful and . to-visi- Resolutions of respect to the memory of Annie M. Rouche by the. Relief Society of the Melville Ward Whereas our Heavenly Father in His infinite Wisdom has seen fit to call home our beloved sister, and Whereas, the members of this association do feel a personal-losin the death of our beloved M. Rouche, and regret that she secretary, Anuie should be called home so scon. Whereas, her pissing is as fruitful and as beautiful as was her living, as she honored God, honored His holy priesth joJTand so iionored herself fli lull, f rlitirrpo th cnirit nf an,on i m oft ca ling; so frail, and et so powerful in defence ofsngiit, therefore be it Resolved that we strive to emulate her unwavering faiths her fidelity to purity and truth and her devoli n cTher home and religious duties and her tiumi itv and respect and obedience to proper xau hority. Resolved, ibat we extend our heartfelt sympathy and love lo the bereft husband, and children and all other der ones and sincerely pray our Heavenly Father that He will fill their rounded s nils wim tiie comforting lntiuence; ot uis iioiy Spirit that they may .realize tbat she has only gone before to enjoy the rst and reward of a " well sp nt life Hut a copy of these" resolutions be given to the esteemed husband 'one to be sent to the son "Les',' who is fulfilling a mission in , New Zealand,! one to the Woman s Exponent and one to be placfed on our record. One less at home The cbarmed circle broken. A dear face missed day by day from it's accus tomed place. But purified and perfected by grace, , one more in heaven.-- - s -- IN ME MORIAM. "He giveth His beloved sleep.!' Mrs. Emily B- Spencer departtd this life July 3r.f, 1906, aged 72 years, at Cannonville, Utah. She was the wife of George Spencerv who life 1872. She was the mother of nine children, four only survive her. Among them' is - : her oldi st daughter, Emily, who married. Prof. Mdes. now pf Idaho, and Julia, who mirnedWVil-for- d Woodruff, Jun , oldest son of the late President Woodruff, she died some years ago. The last years of her I fe v ere sp.'nt at Cannonville, where she was an earnest worker in the for the JRelief Sunday:' School, also secre-arthe sisters of the beloved bvall Society. She was society, and is greatly, niissed. She possessed ihe gift of po try, and' wrote manV veises, most of which have been published She was very strict in keeping the Word of wisdom, using neither nork. nor drinking hot diink; she .was widely iiatnre-wa- s aiigel.ie- in'own iirSmrthern-TJ-tahHe- r were those cast that dovh; her son ,aad M. and especially to ofnber Olive Scott. life; religion was to her the dearest thing y s hr t " - -- -- ; A. Anderson. - Assistant Secretary 