WOMAN'S EXPONENT 56 these resolutions be recorded upon the minutes of the Nineetenth Ward Relief Society. ELIZA. K. WILLIS. (Died December 29, 1905.) RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas, It has pleased our fleavenly Father, in His infinite wisdom, to remove from our midst, by the hand of death, one of our most esteemed teachers, Eliza K. Willis; and, Whereas, in her departure we have sustained the loss of a true friend and devoted worker, whose presence it was a pleasure to enjoy, and whose life and example is well worthy the emulation of all Therefore, Be it resolved, That we tender our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family in this their hour of affliction and distress, and that her memory be cherished as a sacred inheritance, to remain with us as long as life shall last, with the hope of meeting in a brighter world. And be it further resolved. That a copy of these resolutions be recorded upon the minutes of the Nineteenth Ward Relief Society Committee: Sarah A. Hancock, Chairman; Agnes G. Branch, Victoria Thurman, Officers and Members Nineteenth Ward Relief Society. PARTY AT PLEASANT VIEW. The sisters of Pleasant View, Weber Co., met at the home of Mrs. M. A. Cra-gu- n, HONORING SISTER LINDSAY. Brief report of an exceedingly pleasant party given Feb. 2nd 1906, at 2, p. m, in honor of the 82nd anniversary of the birthday of our beloved President, Julia P. Lindsay in Paris, Idaho. The social was given by her counselor, Sister Amelia Hoge of Paris, at whose home we were cordially welcomed and pleasantly entertained. Among those present were the Stake Presidency. Wm. Budge, Jai. H. Hart, and Wm. L. Rich. Stake officers of the Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. A., and Primary Association. One pleasing feature of the program was ah address by Pres. Wm. Budge, who paid a glowing tribute to Sister Lindsay, for her unceasing energy, and untiring devotion in the Relief Society work for twenty-seve- n years- - A beau iful song was rendered by Misses Lizzie Hoge and Sarah Grimmett. Pres. Lindsay gratefully acknowledged the kindness of her friends. The guests, about thirty in number, partook of a sumptuous meal and then dispersed, rejoicing in the privilege of participating in such an enjoyable reunion. Nancy H. Allred, R. S. Stake Sec. side of life; also sang "Count your blessings." Sister Zina Y. Card again addressed the congregation. We need to attend all of our meetings; we live but one day at a time, so do not worry, but live each day as near right as possible. We are here to be tried, but many of our trials are of our own making. The Spirit of God is with us when we strive to do our duty. Look well after our children, love them, pray with them, make them worthy men and women, and you will be blessed. President Nellie E. Parkinson said: It has been a privilege to be here today. May we take to our hearts the advice and instructions we have heard, and may our Father help us to do our duty. Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire. Benediction by Counselor Lovisa N. E. P. Allen. In the House of Representatives, Dec 7th, 1905, Mr. French introduced the following bill, which was referred to the Committee on Election of President, and Representatives in Congress, and ordered to be printed: A bill to protect the rights of women citizens of the United States to register and vote for members of the House of Representatives. Whereas, The right to choose members of the House of Representatives is vested by the Constitution in the people of the several States without distinction of sex, but for want of proper legislation, has hitherto been restricted to one-haof the people. For the purpose, therefore, of correcting this error and of giving effect to the Constitution, Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, that women who are citizens of the United States, and possess such qualifications of age, residence, property, or education, as may be required of men to make them legal voters in the several States, shall be eligible to register and vote in all States of the Union at all elections for members of the House of Representatives. Vice-Presiden- t, to celebrate the January thirtieth anniversary of their organization and surprise our president, Mary J. who has served in this capacity since our organization. After partaking of a sumptuous repast, R. S. REPORT. we held a splendid meeting, where Bishop of HYRUM STAKE. the A. Charles Hickenlooper spoke The conference of Hyrum stake Relief good work the sisters had performed, and a number of others made timely re- society was held in the Stake House at marks. Hyrum, November 18, 1905, President Pres. Maycock and her first counselor, Nellie E. Parkinson presiding, Counselor Sister Eliza P. Rhees, who has served in Lovisa H. Allen taking charge of the this capacity the greater part of thirty forenoon meeting. After the usual openyears, were each presented with a beau- ing exercises, Hyrum first and second tiful vase as a token of our love and es- wards also College ward were reported teem for their long labor in this society, in good condition by the respective presiThe following song, composed by Sis- dents, ter Eliza P. Rhees and sung at our Sister Zina Y. Card spoke at length last annual day program, was rendered upon the duties of the Relief Society in during the meeting: regard to the training of the young people and the beauties of the organization, (Tune: Home, Sweet Home.) Bishop L. P. Christiansen of Mt. SterIn the year of our history eighteen ward spoke encouragingly to the sisling In the beauti.ul city of the Saints called Na uvoo, and asked the Lord to bless them in ters, There Joseph the Prophet, inspired from above, their noble work. Ordained our dear sisters their labor of love. Spice Cake. One cup of sugar, one-haO thou great Jeho"Guide us, Singing, one-hacup of Chorus: cup of molasvah." Benediction was pronounced by ses, and onebutter, scant teaspoonful each of" Come, sisters, come; Elder Elias Davis of Mendon. We'll all be united, and ever be one. cinnamon, cloves, and,, a little The afternoon session convened at 2 nutmeg; beatallspice, well together, then add one He said, "You're appointed and now set apart President Nellie Parkinson again cup of sour milk, with p.m. one tespoonful of To labor in Zion to comfort the hearts with Counselor Elizabeth presided, soda stirred in until it is quite foamy. Of the poor and the needy,the sick and depressed, Critchlow taking charge of the exercises. Flour The widow and orphan in lonely distress. to make it quite stiff, and After singing and prayer, roll call showed one cupenough of raisins, floured. Bake slowly Chorus, Minutes of the and ice when cool. 213 members present. Look well to the orphans.and teach them the way afternoon session of the conference held From paths of true virtue never to stray; read and 1?, 1905, August be And counsel the wayward, where'er they may approved. Save Your Money! A lecture from the "Outlines" on CourtTo overcome evil and from sin to be free. And when you get a dollar, deposit it Chorus. ship was given by Sister Vilate Davis of with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust 18, 1906, May-coc- k, lf forty-tw- o, lf lf By feeding the hungry and clothing the poor, Never turning the needy away from our door, With benevolence true and charity mild, We'll endeavor to bless every woman and child. Chorus. M. A. Cragun, Assistant Secretary. R. K. Avon. A song was rendered by a member of College ward Relief Society, after which Sister Rose Needham of Logan spoke of the many blessings she had received; encouraged the sisters to do their duties cheerfully and to look upon the bright THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and solicit We aim to give you your patronage. as nucD as possiDie lor your money. TDV I IC -- the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the back we have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minor to open savings accounts in their ownf name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to five thousand, and compute said interest WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. M. Cannon, Cashier. George No. 1 East Temple Street, Company, Semi-annuall- y. 