20 WOMAN'S -E- XPONENT; " nrr t TT w oman s EiXponeiiu EM ME LINE II. WELLS, Editor and Vilblhher ANNIE WELLS CANNON; Assistant Editor. monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one car, $l.oo; one copy six month deliv 50 cts. No reduction made, (or clnls. City papers cts. 25 one for red by mail, extra year. postage of nonpanel Advertising rates: I'U.ch square, ten lines A liberal dismonth, 3.00. one time $2.50; per space count to regular advertisers. South Temple Exponent office Room 509 'lempleton, to m. a. 5 p. m., every Street; Business hours from 10 day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS. Salt Lakh Ci i v. Utah. Pubii.-t.e- Entire J at th$ 'as Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, at matter. tcoJ-tx- s . Salt Lake City. Utah. September. 1906 THE SPIRIT OF THE AGE. These are days of travel; journeying to and fro, and seeking new places, new faces new amusements, and in fact almost arfything in the way of diversity. There seems to be no longer any real tranquility or restfulness. Activity at the present time is the attitude of the world The "world moves, and its inhabitants we arc quite sure of that, and even the earth itself is not quiet, as we have abundant testimony of late, "earthquakes irt divers places, "and volcanoes are a part of the incesant activity that is apparent in this war of elements that is being waged here below, and that is increasing a feeling of insecurity and uncertainty prevailing in the world, and especially with those of little or no positive faith. homes exist no lonThe ger; one would imagine houses "were not built for people to live in permanently; at any rate, not from generation to generation, an abiding place for the children to inheritTraveling here and there, shutting up the .house and going is one of the fashions, and one abroad, . . t rhuyhf cav. in mnn V inCtanrC nnP nt TnP old-fashion- ed - follies of the age. This year particularly, people have gone away on summer vacations, more than ever before in this part of the world; and judging by the number of tourists and strangers that come within the gates of this city, it is so elsewhere. Universal commotion prevails, and this state of things is not conducive to health or co rh fort; at any rate not to "all the comiorts 01 a nouie. ; iq wuut unes uns tend, and how has it been brought about? These are problems that present them selves to the thoughtful individual. Possibly111 it Atis due to the great increase of weaitn inrougn mines ana commercial I values- - Deceive ourselves as we may, these conditions are not good for the rising generation. It is not a healthy atmos phere to raise children in; and if our children - are not physically and moral y avail the strong, what then?- - What-wilaccumulation of wealth. There are many causes for all these changes in the way of living, and doubtless many forces working unseen that one is not aware of, as these are days of "new thought" and higher living. Simplicity has gone out of g is fashiqpi and real, homely, - 1 l home-makin- almost a Tost arfin thei5resentdayr-Ev- :r ery body tray els we hear flippantly stated, o,. n,7Vi iTuns the most Above allj our sisiers should encourage common-plac- e tnTriFTrnalnn monpv to travel with, if one goes here and there, and somebody: sacrifices unlavdoubtedly to procure this money so ishly expended. Every man has not made a fortune in mines, or even in business, and although things cost Less than formerly, they are not as substantially made, neither do they last as long or wear, as well. We will agree, most of us at any rate, that this is an extravagant age, and the tendency in that direction U startling, to say the least, Too much of this sort of thing tends to ruin." The mad race for pleasure in the way of amusements, such as theatres, operas, and worst of all the various "sports" that were frowned down wholly by our progenitors; not so many hundred years ago, are held to', be respectable by the general public. If this were even so (which the writer does not countenance or think it in the interest of morality),the company that young people are thrown among in such places has an evil effect, the contagion is in the very atmosphere and surroundings of the places where these "fast people" congregate who indulge in what may well be termed "games of chance ;MalthoughmanTTespectabler moral and educated people do countenance them, and at any rate speak lightly of the matter, if they do not participate in them. The season's pleasure grounds and re- - J sorts have been overvvhelminglv crowded this year, and tjje effect upon the young people especially, cannot be uplifting, so much hilarity and in many instances is injurious to both body and ' -- up-roarious- soul. ' Saints will use their Surely Latter-iautmost influence to keep their children from such extremes of gaiety and fashion. Saints have As a people, the Latter-daalways been moderate. Moderation in dress and in living has been one of the virtues with which they are accredited, ' even by their enemies. Home-makin- g and colonizing, subduing the waste places is a part of the mission assigned them, and one which the fathers and mothers of the present generation have been faithful in accomplishing. It is to be hoped that owning" one's own home will still be the ambition of our children. The scriptures deal much with inheritances.and the pioneers in coming to these mountain vales established homes on a permanent basis. It has been the laudable pride of this people to own their homes and make them neat with Mowers and trees and furnishings, such as tend to comfort and true happiness. But the custom now of, building hotels, flats and rooming houses, such as are the fashion in very large cities where land is expensive, seems to be growing here. There is room enough in this great western land for all the chitdren ofZion, to have : homes of their own and to make them really abiding places. Children reared even in very lowly homes invariably turn to the home of childhood in after years as the dearest spot on earth. IJorae; life is the haven of rest to the weary toiler; and however far one may wander in search of wealth or pleasure, or on business bent, or on missions for the Gosy y - pel inrtitfetiyeiffie hoTne, be it cottage harrlFiriF riUaerrr'' br mflu from all ence to keep the home sacred influences that Would tend to marits sanctity. It should be a house of prayer, of peace, of unity, and all that is holy and uplifting in spirit arid in reality. AN INTERESTING ENTRRTAINNENT On Saturday evening, August 2;th, Mrs- - Lydia D Alder gave a few of her friends the pleasure of listening to a ren dition of her travels through the Holy Land; it" was a rare occasion; but few women could have given verbally in such a delightful way so good a description of the historic land over which she journeyed on the together with the Mediterranean as this speaker did. without references or notes. The handsome parlors were softly lighted seemingly in keeping with the dreamy oriental style, which was quite effective. After the guests had assembled, the dining room doors were thrown open and the hostess led the way to the table. President Anthon H. Lund, distinguished gentleman present, was sea-voya- ge the-most. asked to pronounce the blessing. The table presented an elegant appearance in its snow white linen, delicate The china, cut glass and silverware. repast was delicious and beautifully served the hostess being assisted by her daughter After partaking of the Miss May Alder. sumptuous banquet, the guests repaired to the parlors and the opening prelude to the evening talk was that most appropriate hymn for such an occasion, "Babylon, etc.," rendered with piano accompaniment by Mr. Charles Pike, whose voice is specially adapted to sacred music and the hymn was charmingly sung. Sister Aider's opening remarks were in reference to events that led up to her taking the second voyage across the sea, and the prophecies that had been made with regard to her visiting Jerusalem. She wore a soft white gown and remained standing while giving the entire description, which occupied over an hour, 6nly resting when Mr." Pike sang. , After the speaker had gone over the country to Holy Jerusalem, Mr. Pike sang were City," and one felt almost as if one and transported to that land of mystery . . "J--lost delight. ; Again af teV the speaker - had taken us to the Mount of Olives, the city of Nazvivid and.so areth, the Sea. of Galilee, . . i it was me aescnption tnat we ten aimust. as if we were ourselves wandering round the very places where our Savior had travelled in his sojourn on earth, Mr. Pike rendered sublimely, in sympathetic voice, the one hymn above all others most m Galilee, U keeping with the subject, uame e. : 1 o one with spirit at t u nea iu in oca It Was uplifting in an unusual degree. Was certdy an intellectual and inspiring .leit as it brougnt m contact ieasi;r th tfw wi 'very scenes and associations so graphically portrayed. Sister Alderinvited President Lund to usas he had alsosome years speajto visited the land of Palestine. and since, he gave abrief summary of a few of" hij own impressions of the places he visited 1 1 ' . 1 1 . 