.v. ' j ? V '' WOMAN'S.J?XP.0NKNT 33 r . rr.1 . ..MR five n es?' a n& on the orghwKtaW ol measure in congress, counselor o woman suffrage Relief Society the was chosen any .with associated thatxan -- and it isa continuous, petition, bister Jane Simons its president; and Moore her were Suters Mary Moore, Clarissa be used as long as needed. Ann Hardy, allot whom performed active Ue this form. Cut this out or copy Mary work in ministering to the sick, bringing aid to, on sheet of paper, lined down the.nuddle,; the nredy. and perionning the last sad rites to the with names on one side and addresses, silent dead. Sister Douglass was a, wise counselor, lier exwith street and number, on the other. underfor - . .. ..-- - i-- -- v a . . .. We-presiden- Impressive "services were held iff Clark's Hall on the 7th inst., vhere a large congregation of ,x. rowing relatives and friends assembled. 'J In-he floral tributes were beautiful and appropriate. marks were made bv the structive C. I. ThorneTT7D "WadIey7 fpeakers, Brother Sisters Sine Chipman, and Annie C. Hindley. of the Relief Society Stake Presidency, irothr J. L. Brown, of Provo, President James Clarke, and Bishop S. L..Swenson.l The ' following resolu'ions of respfct were adopted by the Pleasant Grove Relief Society,' uf which she was the assistant ecretarv for many years, and for thrtc years the secietary. nt great-grandchildr- one of oid. - WardrSaltLalceCity .V selor to Sister Lydia Knight, president of the (Female) Relief Society of that ward. Het record in Payson has been, on the same ac- ,.-.- 1 r , Resolved, that we deeply mourn the absence of an active and faithful member of the society; one who was ever ready and willing to do her part en with especial promptness and regularity. She was a devoted wife and mother and a fervent Latter-daSaint, loved and respected by all her the good fight. I have finished y associates. Resolved that we' extend our heartfelt sympathy to the parents, the bereaved husband and motherless children and ask God to bless them and cau.-them to feel that he is their friend and that their sorrow is not greater than they can bear. Resolved that these resolutions be entered in our minutes, a copy presented to the bereaved family and one forwarded to the Woman's Exponent for publication. e n Louisa Halliday, President. Rose B. Hayes, Sec. pro. tern. the memory of our beloved sister. Olive Wcolley Kimball, who departed this life October i8,!lc;o6, at the L. D S. Hospital, Salt Lake City, TJo ISABEL SMITH KNIGHT. ' Utah. The sad news was received at Thatcher, A rizofia, (her home) October 19. and cast a gloom over the President Andrew Kimball entire community. arrived home with his wife's remains on Wednesday. October 24, and the funeral services were held the following Sunday. RESOLUTIONS OF RESI'ECT. Whereas an Alwise and Eternal FntherinHis infinite wisaom has called our beloved Sister, Isabel Smith Knight, from our midst; and Whereas. Sister Knight has been closely with the Relief Society of the Taylor Stake d since its organization, as counselor in the assisas for three and the ward, years past con-nect- RESOLUTIONS. . Pay-son- Whereas our Heavenly Father has called front-oumidst our beloved sister; Ellen B. Adam-son- , OBITUARY. ne '' I RESOLUTIONS. my course. I have kept the faith; henceforth there is lai I up for me a crown of righteousness which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall g;ve me at ttat day, and not to me only, but unto all them also that love His appearing." The funeral services were held Friday afternoon, Sept. 7th. in the Second Ward meetinghouse, and the body interred in the beautiful family burial spot in City cemetery, Com. v, . i 'J . "I have fought IN MEMORIAM. . 1 gjie are left dren and thirty-fiv- e deceased. of the moftrn the to departure ' Sister Douglas could truly say as was said by the-Payso- w 1. . e Margar-et.McCu- Tl aud-coniolin- . t. Agnes Cross Douglass.the subject of this sketch, was boin on April 6, 1818, in the parish of Carro-waCounty Antrim, Ireland. She was the daughter of John Crossand Cross. She resided with her parents until she was sixteen years of age when her mother died leaving to her entire charge the care of 'seven children, the youngest at that time being onlj ' eleven months old.' Her father becoming dissatisfied, left Ireland and went to Scotland, the family soon following after, and they made their home at Campsie, near Glasgow. It was here that shebeard'and embraced Saints. the Gospel as taught by the Litter-da- y She was baptised by Elder David Wilkieon March 30, 1842. and wai married Oct. 14 in the same year to William Douglass. Soon after they moved to Belfast, Ireland, where they made their home until the year 1844. Theemirated to America, crossing the sea in the good ship Norfolk, from Liverpool by way of New Orleans, coming up the Mississippi river by steamboat toSt. Louis, where they arrived in December, 1844. The following spring they left St. Louts and went to Nauvoo, and there built a house and passed through the stirring scenes of that trying time, their house being riddled by bullets from the guns of the mob. By the counsel of Elder Orson Hyde, on the 6th of April, 1846, the family retmned to St. Louis, and remained in that city until March iori84S. On that datethey left" St. Louis by ox team bound for the west and traveled from there to Winter Quarters near to where the city of Omaha now stands. . On May 17, 1848, the family started from Winter Quarters for Salt Lake Valley in Brigham being captain Young's company, Lorenzo-Snoof the one hundred wagons and Thomas McClelland ,being captain of the ten in which Brother and Sister Douglass traveled. The journey across the plains was a tedious one as they had to make roads and build bridges along the route. . The company arrived in Salt Lake Valley Sept. 23, 184SV In 1849 the family built a house in the LFirst Ward, in Salt I ake City, Sister Douglass a- ' sisting in its erection. The. house in question still stands, a monument of the untiring energies of its builders. In the spring of 1 85 3 the family in'company ,, with others left Salt Lake City and located in and' the family from that date have been closely identified with the business enterprises of Payson. Sister Douglass has always been an energetic church worker, and while a resident in the First I u weeks ollt that position, perience quattfying her all its forms. Her judg-"rnein nature human standing was formed on - safe linesacd ..never doubt-in- g the divinity of the work she had embraced In her early you1 h she was true and faithful to the 7 end of her mortal life. Surrounded by loving children, and hero let it be added, by the spirit of one of her departed children, who was waiting to pilot her to her heavenly home, she tuccumbed' to the pains of mortality, departing this life Sept. 5, JQj6, aged SS ears and 5 months. She was the mother of eight children, four of whom, inclrding her husband, preceded her to the are spirit world. Ihe four remaining children Samuel as follows: in reside married and Pason, Lem-- n Douglass. Joseph S. Douglass, Mrs Hwam e Thirty-fivgrandchilon, Mrs. M. D. Dixon. the vI3elva-Ar-Lockwbodf-- ,v;,r.y d : We, the undersigned adult citizens of the United Slates, hereby authorize ihq Federal AVomen's Equality Association -to afiix our signatures to any memorial or Conpetition that maybe presented to gress on behalf of woman suffrage. Persons who wish to aid this work may become members of the Federal Woman's Equality Association by paying $1. A ticket will be sent with the autographs of Isabella Beecher Hooker, the honorary president; of president.and of Rev. Olympia Brown.the Of all the splendid galaxy remain of pioneer workers these-alonwho were active in early days and have kept up active and official relation to the work ever since'. Their autographs will be a priceless possession in any family. Life memberships are $25.00, and contributions of any size will be welcomed and duly acknowledged. Woman's Tribune. : at her home Sister Ellen Bulluck Adamson-die1906-. Nov: .She was, the 4th. in Pleasant" Grove, C. Bullock; and Alexander of Emily daughter born In Salt Lake City.' October 8th, 1862; leaves a husband and nine ch.ldreu, the youngest tbrte - JiETITIONERS FOR WOMAN SUFFRAGE. r " Whereas our Heavenly Father in His infinite wisdom has called from cur midst our belovd sister; and Whereas our intimate association with her in the performance of her duties as first counselor in the St. Toseph Stske Relief Society, thus it is eminently befitting that we record our appreciation of her labors, as she had through her kind and gen- Ray-mor- tant stake secretary. We, the stake offirers, representing all the branches of the Relief Society of the Tay- lor Stake, desire to express our appreciation of her integrity and worth as a faithful daughter of Israel, and wish to extend our sincere sympathy to the members of her family in their tle disposition endeared herself to all the sisters of sad bereavement. Therefore be it resolved that we tender our sympathy to her mother, her husband and children; be it further Resol red, that thesa resolutions be recorded iiv the records of the Relief Society of this stake, and that a copy be presented to the bereaved families, and also to the Woman's Exponent for publica- Resolved, by "the sisters of the St. Joseph Stake, that we mourn the loss ot our dear sister, that we appreciate the purity of her life and the worthy example she has tet for us to follow, but We are comforted with the thought, that if worthy we will this stake. . .meet and enjoy her society again. Resolved, that we extend to the bereaved family our sincere sympathy and pray God that His g influence may be with them in their great bereavement. Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family of the deceased, and be placed on our records, and one sent to the . Woman's Exponent for publication. Why do we mourn that she has left us? We should only say well done! . She yas true to her probation, And a nlarp in ViAoirn Vnc Tis true her par ting bas bereft us, But her virtues we recall ! 'She was can did , firm and valiant, a loving friend to all. tion. com-forlin- . She has gathered with her kindred, But her work will never cease. She will love the truth in heaven, And impart her works of peace- While she mingles with the Yet her choicest blessings angels. fall, Upon the heads of all her dear ones. Yes, she blesses one and all. ..Elizabeth W. ' . OBITUARY. At Hinckley, Millard County. August nth, 1906' there passed from eirth one of our Father's choice spirits, Clarinda J. Stout, wife of Hosea F. Stout. She has been a great sufferer for some time, from what finally proved to be cancer of the stomach. Sister Clarinda was first counselor in our Relief Society for five years, and has faithfully "done her dutyiinilbis office, responding cheerfully to every . ' rs, . " ' TJayton. Selena Phillips. Fannie W.Kimball, Hannah M. Russell, Presidentr Elizabeth S. Hardy, Kate L.' Paxman, Counselors; Gertrnde Y. Cannon, Secretary. call miss her cheerful voice and We, her smile, yet we feel it is well with her; and . Committee. ed Whereas, it has pleased our Heavenly Father in His great wisdom' to call unto Himself our dear -: J. sister. Be it therefore resolved,' that While we, as officers and members of this Relief Society , deplore her loss, we yet bow in humble submission to" the. will of pur Father; and we "recognize m her ae- parture the loss of a lalthilBThlOnergeric-in our society, a devoted wife and mother, and a true Latter-da- y Saint. We also recognize in her .y.-- w ... $1 i f II I V. ; ' 