WOMAN'S cies will be filled at our coming quarterly stake conference on the 25th tf March, or solPresident Lydia Rich announced in our stake and local officers meeting last These officers meetings are Saturday. held regularly once a month, and we are trying to keep the Relief Society work alive and thriving in our stakeThe ; health of the people is pretty good. We have had a long and quite cold winter, but the snow is nearly all gone and we shall perhaps soon have spring. EXPONENT the good feeling that prevailed. Thanked alized the great responsibility that would the people of Santaquin for what they rest on the sistersin the work of this sohad done to make the conference a suc- ciety. We should feel that God recogBenediction by nizes us, and that He accepts our labors. Choir sang. cess. We should be ever ready to say, "Father, Brother Butler. Alta M. Townsend, thy will be done." We must encourage our sons and daughters to take missions, for we know not the importance of the missionary work in the world. The Lord will bless and comfort His daugters while their husbands and sons are away on missions. We all make mistakes but the Lord is merciful to our weaknesses. Prayed the Lord to bless Sister Stand-rin- g and preserve her long on the earth. Stake Missionary Emily H. Bullock felt fhere is room for all to improve. Urged the sisters to take care of their children and keep them off the street at night. We have had a good day today and have been blest and paid for coming together. Prayed for a blessing on Sister Standring and on all the sisters. President Standring was pleased with the reports given and also with the spirit of the meeting. Urged the sisters to buy with the wheat money collected for that purpose as soon as possible and not keep cash on hand. Felt to thank God that she had been called to preside over this stake of Zion, for she knew that it was the will of the LordMay the spirit of this conference go with us and abide with us each and all. Singing and benediction. Conference adjourned for three months. Sec- - ALPINE STAKE. - The Relief Society Conference of the Alpine Stake was held in Science Hall, American Fork, January 12, 1906. President Rebecca Standring presiding. After the usual exercises President Annie W- Clark, Secretary. Standring wished all a happy and prosNEBO STAKE. perous New Year. Hoped our love and confidence would increase and that our Quarterly Conference of the Nebo Stake work would be onward. Reported that Relief Society, held in the Santaquin all the wards had been visited during the Stake President Eliza past quarter. We can learn everything meetinghouseJ. Dixon, presiding. in the Society that will tend to elevate After the usual opening exercises Sister us; we should be good wives and mothDixon said she was pleased to meet with ers, good citizens and good members of the people of Santaquin, and very thank-fu- ll societv. The Savior said that the time for every blessing we are enjoying. would come when the children of the But we could not do too much as mothers kingdom would be cast out while strangin Israel in carrying on the work of the ers would take their places- Prayed for Lord, that we should encourage one an- the eyes of the parents to be opened to other in the different organizations of the teach the children the way of eternal - - - Church in good works. Mothers should encourage the youth of Zion in attending lite. All the wards in the stake were represented except one; the presidents reported a good condition, the sisters hold ence. regular meetings, and love and unity preSister Wall, President of Santaquin Re- vails; they are caring for the poor and lief Society, bid the sisters all welcome. sick and have gathered a good amount of Bore'her testimony to the truth of the grain, and nearly all own their own Also have Mother's lessons Gospel; prayed that all the young people granaries. and for obtain seek their themand might testimony, enjoy and reported Santaquin ward all well. Stake President Stephen S. Chipman A beautiful musical selection was given was pleased to hear that the wards have means to bless the poor and needy during by Ethel TietjenSister Melissa Boyer reported Silver this cold weather. The tithes and offerward in good condition, although a small ings have been more the past year than ward and constantly changing. Sister the year previous. Urged the mothers to Emma Jenkins reported Goshen organuse their best efforts to keep their boys ization complete and in good condition. in purity and cleanliness of spirit. Sister Josephine Bennett reported Spring President James H. Clark said: The Lake ward. Sisters were united and a mothers all desire the welfare of their Our children should be good spirit prevailed. boys and girls. that Song "Maid of Athens," was beautithey are partly responsible taught for their actions and habits, and instead fully given by Christina Mace. Sister Clara Evans felt joy in meeting of spending all their means in frivolity with the sisters. Spoke of our temporal they should pay a little tithing and begin and spiritual work; that it should move to realize that something is depending on along together. Read and explained the them and they must do their part, Our sisters offer their prayers to God and it is meaning of theology. Sister Hannah Holliday recited a poem necessary that the children do their part entitled "Our Mission." and also pray in the family, children will The choir sang, and benediction was be governed in a measure by the spirit of offered. prayer. If we make a mistake we must Afternoon session. Conference'met at repent of it and our children must do the 2 p. m., and the usual exercises were same. Adjourned after singing and given. Sister Pearce of Salem spoke of prayer. the powers of the Priesthood and of woAfternoon session. Meeting reconmen's work in the Relief Society. vened at 2 o'clock, and opened with the Sisters Mace and Olsen favored us with usual exercises. Stake Counselor Harriet a duet, "Life's Merry Morning." Jacobs spoke to the mothers on the care Sister Martha Kappel spoke on the and training of their children, urged them Word of Wisdom. Exhorted sisters to to call the family together in the abkeep the Word of Wisdom and set a sence of the husband and have them take proper example to their children and we part in family prayer. Said there was could then claim the blessings and hidnothing that would do our children more den knowledge would be given unto us. good than to have them go on a mission. Brother John Holliday said he had been Was thankful the Lord had blest our greatly interested in the remarks of the President, that she had been given wissisters, and gave some good advice. dom, streugth and ability to successfully Recitation by Elizabeth Openshawtake the management and responsibility Brother German Elsworth spoke for a of this society. few minutes. Sister Bertha Nelson reStake Counselor Annie C. Hindley felt cited, "A Mortgage on the Farm-that our labor could not be performed by Sister Eliza Dixon felt well pleased anyone else, it is our labor and our work. wjth the remarks that had been made and Believed the Prophet Joseph Smith re their meetings, and asked for the spirit of God to be with us during the confer- - Emma Featherstone. Sec. UINTAH STAKE. - Minutes of the 36thRelief Society con ference of Uintah stake of Zion, held at Mt. Dell, November 23, 1905. President Sarah A. Col ton presiding. God attend while Zion sings." - Sing-ing,"'Gre- at Opening prayer, Sister Nancy A. Colton. Singing "How firm a foundation." Roll called. Minutes read and accepted. Sister Nancy A. Colton reported the stake in fair condition; also gave the sisters a great deal of encouragement, and spoke of forgiveness President Colton felt well in meeting with the sisters of Mt. Dell; thought we should live so that we could be sisters in very deed. Related some of the counsel given at the lateGeneral Conference held in Salt Lake City. Sister Mary J. Searle of Mt. Dell society, reported the sisters doing as well as they could under the circumstances. Sister Annie Casper of Naples ward society reported that society as getting along quite well felt like giving her teachers a word of praise. Sister Hannah Odekirk reported the Vernal society as getting along quite well; felt well in meeting with the sisters of Mt- - Dell; had lived in the county for 20 years, and had never visited Mt. Dell before. Ari essay from Jensen ward society was read by the secretary, Phebe A. Merkley, also a report, it being too far for those - " ' sisters to travel to conference. Sister A. K. Bartlett spoke of the Savior and the records that we have to guide our footsteps; referred to the 14th chapter of Revelations and bore her testimony. Brother Mathias Caldwell, who was quite feeble, said he did not haye the privilege of going to meeting very often; felt to bless the sisters for holding conference in that ward; he was quite an old timer; he related some of the perse- - 