66 W Is one sense added to what nature gives. And forms a powerful telescope whereby We look beyond the stretch of mortal eje Its keen perception takes a view . Of origin and destination too. Through this superior spirit sense we learn What our inferior sense can ne'er discern, That we're not natives of this fallen earth. We lived before we had an earlier birth. A clime and habitation highly pure Beyond what these gross senses can endure. Our hearts beat upwards and our feeliDgs move In homeward currents up to those we love, Where uncorrupted nature's beauties glow Where life's pure streams from endless fountains flow; And. there She sixth the spirit sense will lead If to its dictates we give earnest heed; And its refining process will prepare Us for a full and free reception there. And there we'll talk of nationality With the celestials of eternity. Hattie Critchlow Jensen. SKETCH OF A HEROINE. Away in the quaint little village of Kil-berr- y Argyleshire, among the flowery glens and nooks of bonnie Scotland, on March 12, 1824, Jane McKinnon Baxter first beheld the light of day. Her life was spent in a quiet and uneventful way as most Scottish lassie's are. The religious training she received was the stern, iron clad doctrines of the parish church and the old family Bible at home. When about twenty years of age she found her way to the City of Greenock, a manufacturing center, here she heard for the Somefirst time a true Gospel sermon. thing that she had been groping for, a something that sounded in her eager, listening ears like the tinkling bells and roused her slumbering thoughts to action. She knew the voice of the true shepherd and soon became a member of the fold. Here she met the man of her choice, Archibald McPhail, and to him she was united in marriage in the year 1840. In 1856 they took a fond farewell of friends, home and country and accompanied by their little daughter Jane, four years old. they boarded one of those slow sailing vessels which took them safely across the briny deep after a long and tedious sail of nine weeks. But the arduous and faith trying journein sullen grandeur before this uny-lay suspecting band of Saints, who had left the comforts of a civilized country to undertake the unparalleled task, with the first handcart company across the trackless desert, frequented only by the savage redskins, the home of the wild deer and the roaming buffalo. While struggling through the many hardshipsprivations, want,hun-ge- r and sickness that visited this heroic band of pilgrims, her husband took seriously ill, becoming exhausted and unfit for the unequal task before him. With that wifely devotion which only our pioneer mothers knew, she meekly took her place by the couch of her dying husband, comforting him by day, and her vigilant watch was kept up at night by the faint glimmer of a tallow candleAs she waited in calm sadness enveloped in the silence of the night, she implored the God whom she conscientously served, to help her endure the trying ordeal, also that the candle would continue to burn, as it was all she had, until she witnessed her bosom friend and loved one close his eyes in death. In that awful hour of supreme agony her confiding faith - OMAN'S EXPONENT. in Him to lend a listening ear, doubted not, and the humble petition as it floated on the wings of the somber night from the lips of one of the daughters of the lonely wilderness met the approval of Him who seeth in secret. And as the king of terrors struggled with his victim for victory while the fast ebbing life flickered in the balance, the scanty light also battled to fill its mission until the heartbroken scene was closed, Though thrown into the depth of affliction her integrity in the work she had espoused never grew less, never faltered, and her confidence in God remained unshaken as the mystic mountains that surrounded her. No costly shroud or marble casket encased that noble body as it lay in state waiting for the dawn of morn to consign it to mother earth. The many lives that were laid on the altar of sacrifice for the sake of truth, during that bitter exodus with the countless perils and foreboding is nobler by far than the hero on the field of battle, fighting and falling tor the glory of his country. You nor I witnessed the falling tears of our heroine, as she whispered "All is well," and took a last look as she turned away from the lonely mound, resuming the tedious journey with her little daugh- ter gazing wistfully in childish wonderface of her ment at the tear-bedimm- ed mother. In December of the same year they reached their long looked for destination, the haven of the refugeeThe emigrant of today, whirling along reclining on cushions of velvet, idly dreaming in luxurious ease, cannot sense the emotions of our pioneer fathers and mothers when their weary, bleeding feet rested on the spot where the modern Moses was inspired to say, "Enough; this is the place." Although tattered and torn, with faces - vine inspiration that human lips could utter, to her this blessing was priceless; in it lay joy and unlimited satisfaction. From the counsels of the Apostle she never departed, but cherished them far beyond all the contributions that science could produce. Hers was no blind obedience, but a humble acknowledgement of the living priesthood that was reflected in all her actions. In this blessing was couched the promise that if she remained firm and faithful to this calling she would never lose a case. Those words of inspiration never lost their effect, her efforts were crowned with marvelous success. During the long period of some thirty odd years' practice she never lost a case. life it In the evening of her was pleasant to spend an hour with Grandma, as she took you back through the hallway of Father Time and related some of her wonderful experiences. When that humble and Apostle, Owen Woodruff, paid his last visit to our settlement she desired a blessing at his hand, as she felt the ravages of time fast creeping in upon her, the thought of lingering and suffering or becoming a charge seemed to mar the noble independent spirit that characterized her whole life seemed to manifest itself. Her request was granted and his words verily came to pass, as did the prophecy of his venerable father so many years before, she passed peacefully away in the presence of her devoted son and daughter. She, like many others, has left footprints on the sands of time for you and me to emulate, for she has gone before to receive a well earned reward. Louisa Gray. well-spe- nt well-belov- ed MOTHERS' WORK. SAN LUIS STAKE. begrimed from long exposure, with thankful hearts they knelt on the grey sageObedienceLeclure 1. Reference: brush to return thanks to Him who per- Gen. 6, 7 and 8 ch.. Gen. 22 ch.; Ex. 16 mitted them to reach the gathering place ch., 27 to 31 v; Eph. 5 ch., 22. 23 and 33 of the Saints. v., 6 ch., 1, 2 and 3 v.; 1 Nephi, 16 ch., As the old adage goes, "A friend in 9 to 16 ; 1 Nephi, 17 ch., 7 to 19 v., 18 need is a friend indeed," so this was the ch., 1 to 4 v- case with our worthy subject. Here she Lecture 2 Patience. Matt. 27 ch-- ; formed the acquaintance of Robert Bax- Doc. and Cov., sec. 98, 23 to 26 v., sec. ter, whom she subsequently married and Romans 5 5 ch., 2 and 3 v. Read v,; ioi, by whom she had two children, a boy and or recite "Send the children to a girl, the girl dying when quite young. bed with poem, kiss." a Her son, John M. Baxter, is now presiLecture 3. Self Denial. Reference: dent of the Woodruff Stake of Zion. A little over 33 years ago, when the Matt. 10 ch., 16 to 39 V.; Matt. 26 ch., 53 Bear Lake Stake was settled, our heroine v. ; Doc. and Cov. sec. 103. 27 and 28 v., 119 ch. on Tithing sec. 72, 15 v- was among the number who came to subLecture 4 Domestic Economy. Ordue the elements and battle with frontier der and system in the home. life. Economy When the Randolph Relief Society was of time and means. Cleanliness and care of personal appearance. organized she was chosen as first counselor to Sarah M. Tyson, which position Lecture 5. Evil Effects of Patent Medshe held for twenty-nin- e icine. Reference: Era (Editor's Table), years. At or about this time the crowning June, 1902. Appetites for drugs and liepoch of her life dawned upon her, and a quor formed by their use, also injury to new field of labor presented itself. health. Apostle Wilford Woodruff, being moved Lecture 6- Our HomeUnity, love upon by inspiration,, called and set her and reverence e home. Provide our apart to fill the responsible position of children .with amusements. Enjoy the midwife for the community. society of your children as time passes. As the science of obstetrics was entireExtend sympathy in childish troubles. ly unknown to her, she was loth to accept Reverence for the Sabbath day and the the mission, but her objections faded like Priesthood. the snowflakes in the river, when the Committee: hands of the beloved Apostle were placed Emma Smith, upon her head, and he pronounced one of Lauretta Pehrson, the most wonderful blessings through di Mary F. Crowther. - v-- - - in-th- 