woian:s exponent WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN. ' Asdon the vista of departed years" ' amidlbTratstgljratrrrTRrtrarir, The mauy opportunities now flown. In self reproach vr'cjigh and vainly mpan. j . think of tmdef words we might havefaid. Of loving.'noble deeds e might have done, Of wayward lives to righ we mijht have led Of sins we mfght have checked when just begun. know foundations strong we might have laid, For grander structures here we "might have Wc reared, friendships too we might have made, bonds of sacred fellowship endeared. Time-lastin- g By Now to our yearning souls may God reveal. This nobler "life sublime and grand ideal; To seek for aye, eternal righteousness. Not all for self but other lives to bless. Ellis f., Maria Francis. R. Shitt. have been very much interested in reading in the Woman's Exponent. Vol. X. Mrs. Hannah T. King's account of the "Sleeping Girl, Sarah Carter." Tf irtil-Arvi ilmncf ''inroilla , vitava 11 vvuuiu obwtii aiiiiuai iih,h.uiuk vycic l that her character was VISITS OF MISSIONARIES. so well Granite Stake, Conference at the Stake Tabernacle, September 11, Tuesday, Sisters Julia P- - M. Farnsworth. and Annie Wells Cannon. Maricopa Stake, September 12, Wednesday, Conference at Mesa City, Arizona, Sisters Emma S. Woodruff and Sarah Jenne Cannon. Weber Stake, September Thursday, Conference at the Relief Society Stake Hall. Ogden, Sisters Phebe Y. Beatie and Priscilra P. Jennings. Juab Stake, September 14, Friday, Conference at Nephi in Tabernacle, Sisters Ellis R. Shipp and Carrie S. Thomas. St. George Stake, September 17, Monday, at St'. George Conference in Tabernacle, Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Sis - Ellis R. Shipp and Phebe Young Beatie. Kanab Stake, September 25, Conference at Kanab, in meeting house, Sister Margaret A. Caine. Panguitch also visited, Conference postponed indefinitely on account of President's illness. Salt Lake Stake, September 29, Saturday, Conference in Fourteenth Ward little understood at present. Assembly Hall, Sisters Annie Wells CanJust how one mind can send a detailed non and Elizabeth S. Wilcox. South Sanpete Stake visited on Sepaccount of incidents to another mind at a distance we do not know, but it will- tember 7, Friday, by invitation. Conference held at Ephraim; in Ephraim meetdoubtless be revealed to future generatAnnie Wells Cannon. ing house,-Sisteions. This Stake had been visited by appointSo with trance or what doctors prefer to call catalepsy. It is a suspension of ment in May- Tooele stake Relief Society conference sensation and volition. Octo-hThe subjects are generallywpmen of a was held in Grantsville, Thursday, iSth. in the meeting: house. Sisters nighly nervous temperament, catalepsy is but little understood owing to the manner from General Board were Sisters Sarah, Tenne Cannon and Margaret A. Caine. in which morbid physical and psychical Iosepa colony was visited Friday, Octoconditions are mixed up. In all such Cannon and Caine accases,1 there is a remarkable weakness of ber 19th by Sisters of mind and will. companied by Sister Alice R. VVoolley, Mlnr ( U a1 mrS.rAaA r1 COC O tA II ft A president of Relief Society of Tooele V Stake; The meeting of the Relief Society worthy, of credit. " When"ofIong duration it has been was There was a full attendance of the Ha- doubted if it can exist : without some jde-2rwaiian sisters. of Certain it is that many have been buried alive in this state which can be easily mistaken for death. Albert Ulston says: 10 many it is a display of weakness to acknowledge that there is anything beyond the ken of man's intellectual possibilities." For instance telepathy is a power but k - r pr ' I ; held-inBTptherWadd- ee deception ! R. Shipp, representing the General Board of the Relief society. An officers' meet- ing followed this session, and an evening meeting which was fairly well attended; judging by the reports and spirit of the conference, harmony and the spirit of Relief Society work prevail throughout the stake. The talks of the visiting sisters were much enjoyed, though no special instructions were givenThe Relief Society work is progressing and being better understood and appreci ated in the local organizations. I am in the eternal cause of truth, Sister E. Crane Watson. - her veracity undoubtable. It is strange that her account is so incomplete. She makes no mention of the manner in which nutriment was administered, or how the natural functions of the body acted, without which life for seven years would be a sheer impossibility. ter Julia P. M. Farnsworth. I have. searched numerous books on the St. John's Stake, Arizona, September subject in the library and there is ho record of a case of so long duration. 17, at St- John's, Conference in TaberThere is a disease called by the French nacle, Sisters Sarah Jenne Cannon and "Malade du Sommal." It may be called Emma S. Woodruff. Snowflake Stake, September 20, Thursin English ''Insensible sleep," lasting for I should day, at Snowflake, Conference, in Taberdays, weeks or even months. nacle, Sisters Emma S. Woodruff and think the case of Sarah Carter was something of this description, though it usually Sarah Jenne Cannon. Parowan Stake September 21, Conferterminates in a convulsive seizure or ence at Parowan in meeting house, Sisters death. known, and . Relief Society conference of the Paro wan stake Was held in the L. D: S. Tabernacle in Parowan, September 2 ist, "at 2 p. m. President M. E. Ollerton presiding. Sisters Phebe Y. Beatie and Ellis WASATCH. Woodruff.- - THE SLEEPING GIRL. not ; Stakes visited by missionaries from the General Board of the Relief Society, during the month of September, 1906. St. Joseph Stake, September 7, Friday, Conference at Thatcher, Ari zona, Sisters Sarah Jenne Cannon and Emma S. might have soothed the wearv, troubled soul. Implanted seeds of holy faith and trust, Uplifted hearts to pure divinrr g alio reach the shrine of One forever just. it ' d We I - ..V RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS cases under the head of pure impostures. As in many instances it has been acknowledged that food has been administered by the stomach pump and the patient has recovered, but only to a life of hysteria and extreme nervous debility. But, as ' Shakespeare says: "There are more things" under heaven and earth than are drearned of in our philosophy," and one day all will be made plain to us all. might have planted too, fair rosy bowers, Wherein to rest in age the veary form, flowers, A&d scattered on the way And plucked from wounded hearts the pieicing thorn sweet-scente- De Mt-wottrchbeoTnrt We - piuvcu ia ojen to very great .suspicion.:. - We see We amap -- 27 rup s-na- use- The annual conference of the Relief Society of the Wasatch Stake was held in the Stake .Tabernacle, Heber City, June 15, 1906. Prest. Anna R. Duke presiding. The attendance was good. Sister Elizabeth Murdock gave the address sisters and brethren with us, etc. Minutes reaa ana reports were given showing the sisters to be doing all they can along the Relief Society work. Sister Elizabeth Wintoch delivered a lecture on "The Sabbath Day Fasting and Prayer." Counselor , Ida Smoot Dusenberry, one of the General Presidency, spoke a short time. She gave words of praise to the sister who gave the lecture, it was so carefully prepared and to the point. She urged the officers to give the sisters something to do and they will become interested. "They will love to come to meeting- Love comes through service. Teacb cuiiureii iu uu iui yuu aiiu iucy win iuvc you and respect you, and you will have their confidence at all times. We should do right, that through our actions we will teach others to do better." Song, Gladys,' McMullin. Sister Julina L; Smith hoped the sisters would not forget the aged and sick people; advised them to take a little lunch along and make sunshine in their lives. Mothers should teach their sons to portion in waiting upon themselves, looking also spoke after their clothes, etc., and . t upon ine principle ui uiaiiiagc. Recitation, Ella Morton. Sister Zina W- - Card felf that if we put into practice all that had been said we would be much better. Parents and patience and then teach the children the same. President Joseph R. Murdock endorsed all that had been said and hoped the sisward and home ters would take it to their ' 1 and profit therefrom. Singing, "Come let us anew." - Bene diction by Patriarch Nymphas C. Mur- dock. P. S. The sisters visiting conference had to return home'on the 2:15 tram, therefore only one session was held. The Stake officers,-- ' visitors and ward officers were entertained at the home of Counselor jldvisa AlexanderThere a delicious Juncri .was served by the Relief Society officers of Heber. do-th- . 1 eir . should-cultivat- self-contr- ol, ,- . Sarah -' K. Duke," Sec. e 