SnlFplBstands RELIEF SOGETY. REPORTS voo, she ALPINE STAKE; WithandGnera&ecret B. Wells,' also nearly all our Stake board and presidents of wards. Meeting opened at 10 aim. After the opening exercises highly honored in the attendance of our leading sisters to dav. Reported Alpine Stake in good, condition, advancing and Felt we were much blest to improving. day and congratulated the sisters of Pleasant Grove on their beautiful new meeting house. Lehi 1st ward reported by. President Mary A. Anderson; Lehi 2nd ward, President Kate. Allred; Cedar F6rt President President B- W. Margaret Bennett. Smith said she loved Relief Society work better than anything except the Temple-Fel- t it was goodto meet together, it strengthens and helps us. Wanted life young mothers worked into the Relief Society. Thinks we will meet and rejoice j' : keep a strong guard over our children. Called attention to Sister Smith as the ' i . -- 'the-instructio- -- n b!es-s'n- g "We thank Thee Singing. O God for a Prophet." Closing prayer Counselor Annie C. Hindley. Conference adj aimed for three months. Emma Featherstone, Secretary. BEAR LAKE STAKE. 4 Wb held our Conference of the Be3r Lake Stake Relief Society, June 24th, Of1906, which consisted of 2 meetings ficers meeting held in Tabernacle Vestry 10 o'clock Sunday morning, and through the chilly weather we hold our general meeting in the Paris 1st, Ward Meeting House at 2 p. m. . President J. P. Lindsay presided at both meetings. We had with us Sisters Margaret Caine, and Hattie B.Harkerof Salt Lake City and had a very pleasant time together. After the opening exercises, wards were reported by Presidents or Counselors, and the Solo by Miss Driggs. . General President B. W. Smith was conditions of the wards were better under-- , well acquainted with the Prophet Joseph stood, and corrections and advice Lriven where needed. Smith and was the only remainingrnember Our beloved President L P. Lindsay of the first organization of the Relief The last words she had heard the1 considering having past her 82nd birthProphet say were, that he wanted to preach day, is very bright and continually, with a sermon on baptism lor the dead for he the help of her counselor exhorts the had received a revelation on that subject, sisters to be up and doing; but there is but lie never had the opportunity to preach always room for improvement, a good again. "The endowments were given in the spirit prevailecLduring Conference and a Nauvoo Temple when it was in an unfinishdesire to progress. ed condition and were just the same as they President William. Rich met with us in are now, and every one who was with in both meetings and gave us much instrucreach received them, but the work had to tion that will be of great benefi t if put .. r s r n r be rushed beciuse the mob were upon us Sister Caine spoke considerable on andjy.eaveredriven out in the frosLand Tsfer Smith buried her mother Temple work snow." during Officers meeting and her baby on the road after leaving and the mothers to teach their exhopd her home in Nauvoo. Desired the boys childreffhe sacredress of their religion and girls should get a testimony of the and Sister Harker said .the President gospel for it is worth' more than .riches of the. SnnVtv rf parK wi rrt ic thp mother and some day the Prophet Joseph will of the sisters, and we should all try to do meet vvith-us and bl.ess us inTourlaborsr our best in every to help the. Song. Miss Halliday. work along. Benediction by Nancy Sister E. B. Wells hoped the sisters Tueller, Cor, Secretary. - So-c:et- y. are proud to see her and hear her testi- - the to-mak- ed earth. Had received her endowments in the days of the Prophet Joseph and had associated in temple work ever since, when that work was being done; before we had Temples here officiated in the Endowment House. Felt very happy to be here and to see the sisters so united; prayed the Lord to bless us with means to carry on the work. Singing by the Choir. "The time is far spent" etc. Brother Jas. H. Clarke of the Stake Presidency felLalways to appreciate these Ve have a good part of the meetings. strength of the Church among these sisters, and there is a very nice representation here to day; many of you have had long experience and if you could impart these experiences to the younger portion of the sisters how much good you could do, though in some cases perhaps your advances vyould be repulsed. Our children shoulcl be trained while they are little tots, for when they get into their "teens it is almost impossible to manage them and they are liable to get away from us if they have not had proper training in childhqod. We are aL progressive people and we are raising a generation who do not fear anything, but if we can teach, them to fear God, they will not go far astray. The sisters are an important part of this Church and there is a great responsibility resting upon them. How this worK is increasing ana now our neans enlarge and how much cause. we have to reThe Lord has blest Sister Smith, joice. she is a representative of the first organi- - "on e - - with Brother Clarke's remarks them of the noiy order and we should impress these things upon our children for they are greater than anything the world can give,our ordinances are very sacred and should be held so by our sisters, and they should keep their garments saced and not cut them off here and there, but keep them as they were receiyed in the Temple. must have been a good Thought-therspirit here today to draw out the remarks of Sister Smith for these are things she seldom speaks about. Many of our little boys hold a portion of the Priesthood; and we should bear that in mind. We want their homes attracour mothers tive and not allow the children to be neglected. Bishop Gardner of Lehi felt to appreto day and to hear the ciate being, r here .i t ... ,l teacnings oi mese sibitrs who nave bten members c f the Church so long, the world ought to be converted to the truth in the testimonies of these noble women. President Standring had enjoyed the is remarks of the sisters, something we should all remember; and mothers should impress upon their children the importance and the sacredness of our Holy Temples. Hoped the remarks of to day would be indelibly- - impressed upon us all, .and may the peace and of God rest and abide with us continually. : e are; like children and we will grow and with develop until we are ht to associate our Father in heaven." Sister EmmelineB. Wells declared she was very happy to be with us to day. Loved the mountains and liked to seem so near to them. Had been delighted as the first nt We. are. doing woman in the Church. it greater things now than in early days; we we were'tof be put back fifty years should find a great difference; we have been looking forward to something great. President Woodruff used to say that when of the Joseph F, Smith became President and Church we should see great things, since Sister Smith has been President Relief great things have been done in the Smith Society work. Pesident Joseph F. ReinTis rcmirks at 'Conference said the lief Society stood next to the Priesthood in representation among the auxiliaries Snttr Wells loved the of the Church. sisters of the Relief Society. There is no such wbmen in the world, the. y are trained to speak from the heart,' they have a testimony of the gospel and are able1, to bear it before the worldBenediction. Adjourned 2 o'clock. Afternoon Session: Conference 2 o'clock. President Standring preAfter the opening exercises some sidingPresident of the wards were reported Louisa Halliday reported Pleasant Grove; Linden. President Cordelia Thorne; Ame ricanFork 4th ward President Alice TJ Steele. The reports were given in a spirited manner, all seem to be enjoying their labors and are in good, flourishing condition. Sister Sina Chipman expressed her satisfaction in being privileged to be home again among her friends after her travels in Europe. Appreciated her mountain home, and to love the gospel more than Had been inquired of in Scandi ever. navia concerning friends who are here. The saints in the old countries are longing to hear from their friends in Utah. They would give much to just meet and shake hands with the President and Apostles. .This work is a great work and it is growing and advancing. We have much before, us and it will require our best efforts to keep pace with the times. We know nothing of poverty in this land, there is plenty of it in the old countries, had seen more in London than in other Had found over one hundred places. people of her kindred and felt thankful to meet and get acquainted with them- The regular quarterly Conference of the was held Relief Society of Alpine-Stakat Pleasant Grove July 20th, 1906, President Rebecca Standring presiding. We were again honored with the presence of our beloved General President Bathsheba 4 pre-emine- Tv j -- - . 1 ' - way-possib- . . le Aiirea-Loujs- e 