WOMAN'S 52 Woman s Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one ear, $1.00; one copy six month No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv 50 cts ;red by mail, extra for postage one year, 2 cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpanel Advertising rates: space one time $2.50; per month, J3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah. S Hntertd at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as cond-clas- 3alt Lake City, Utah, A FEW STRAY - Ffbbuary, 1906 THOUGHTS. Perhaps it does not often occur to women, or to our people, what a great institution the Relief Society, founded away back in Nauvoo, Illinois, on March 17, But it has a history 1842, has become. which if told in brief would astonish many of those who have been actively associated with its labors for years. The Relief Society has from the first taken up various lines of work, and its members have sought to stimulate the energies of those in need of assistance to trying to open up avenues of employment for women and well as homes tor the needy, and places to meet in and to keep their small or large possessions; for this purpose land had to be purchased, therefore dealing in real estate became necessary, not for speculation but for permanency; and the having right Society became self-helpfulne- ss, chil-dren.- as land-owner- s, of domain. The first real estate owned by this Society was given by the Prophet Joseph Smith, the promoter and organizer of this remarkable institution; the first woman's society of any magnitude we are aware of, and we may say with all propriety, the best and most thoroughly organized throughout the world. The actual value of its temporal strength would be difficult to estimate, as it does not consist wholly in tangible things, for it has withal so strong a hold upon its supporters, that it is as a part of their own lives- This is what gives to the Society its most important values. This can scarcely be comprehended by those outside of the main working forces of the organization, but where women have given the best part of their lives to its establishment and maintenance, they can understand what it means. Speaking of such laborers in the work, who have been specially strong pillars in the Society, and upon whom grave responsibilities have rested, there are many still living (besides those beloved ones who are gone behind the vail) who deserve to have their names upon a Roll of Honor, too many to mention in a brief notice, but to those who stand foremost EXPONENT ciety that stands for relief with charity and mercy for watchwords-Iis certainly desired by those who have at heart the best interests of this Society, that this anniversary of the 17th of March, 1906, shall be the banner year, that the sisters shall rouse themselves to extra exertions in each respective locality and try to make every member happy and glad in the spirit of love and blessing in whatever form the demonstration may be made, that all who will may partake of the enjoyment. may be allowed the term) of the Society owes much to its veteran women. Sister Eliza R. Snow, whose sayings we frequently quote, often remarked, "Make ' asanything popular and its success is SoRelief make the to want sured." We ciety popular, it is already a success, and our young people, both boys and girls, should become familiar with the worth and importance of this Society. An institution that holds in trust real estate, houses and lands, wheat and merchandise and various other property, including libraries, cannot be considered as occupying an inferior place in a community. There have been many enterprises and home industries started and managed by women under the auspices of this Society, not all successful, but in the majority of cases they have flourished. In caring for the sick and dying, it is extremely doubtful if any other organization in the world has done anything like as much; in the silk industry, when Sister Zina D. H. Young was President of it and traveled this Western country over to start the enterprise, it was the sisters of the Relief Society that raised mulberry trees, fed the worms, reeled the cocoons and from the silk mannfactured articles of apparel, also elegant and dainty silk Without laces, ties, fichus and ribbons. all we the might, to things enumerating and made we have the assertions prove are prepared to verify, we will just mention that we started a Hospital without funds, rented a house, and depending almost entirely on monthly donations from the Relief Society, and some paying patients, carried it on for twelve years under the auspices of a Board of Directors appointed by the General Society, of and it was estimated that the cases treated were purely charity two-thir- t UNIQUE PARTY. The General Officers and Board of the Y. L. N. M. I. A. entertained in a most ds work. Within the last few years Nurses' Classes have been taught under the auspices of the Society, and we are safe in saying" that so far these classes have been eminently successful and we may add popularOn the seventeenth of March next month it will be sixty-fou- r years since the Relief Society was organized, and it is hoped that each separate branch will observe that day in some way significant, not only of the past but of its present prosperity and future growth and permaIt must grow and increase not nency. only in intelligence and attainments, morally and spiritually, that will benefit the community generally as well as individuals, but in force and power by means of thrift, wisdom and economy in the management of its enterprises and affairs generally. The substantial things count for a great deal, such as buildings for uses of meetings, or homes for the homeless, and granaries or bins for the storing of wheat of breadstuff against a day of want or famine. This is an enterprise entirely new to women until our sisters commenced it, and the signs of the times are even more significant now than ever before in this regard. The recent news of now, a fitting word of praise should be ac- the famine in Japan must certainly corded, and it would be almost impossi- awaken the tenderest pity and compasble not to record here the names of our sion, and a desire to reach out a General President, Sister Bathsheba W. hand to them in such sore need. helping In conSmith and Sister Jane S. Richards, Presi- sideration of these things and the prophdent of the Relief Society of the Weber ecies of modern as well as past times, it Stake. The strength and popularity (if I behooves us to be always on duty, as a So pleasing and hospitable manner the General Officers and Board of the Relief Society and Primary Association at the residence of Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall on West Temple St., where very many notable gatherings have been held, from time to time for years past. The party was given as a tribute of respect and honor in memory of two of the most illustrious women in Church history and who have each of them occupied the position of "Elect Lady" in the Relief Society, Sisters Eliza R. Snow and Zina D. H. Young, whose names are coupled together as household words throughout all modern Israel. The desire of those now living who knew these veteran sisters intimately, is to keep their memories fresh and green in the hearts of the younger generation, that they may not only honor their names, but follow in their footsteps, remembering that these heroines "blazed the way" for the grand opportunities open to them and those who follow after. There are many others whose names we mention with reverence, but these two lives were closely blended and anniversaries of their birth come in the same month. Sister Eliza R. Snow was born Jan. 21, 1804, and Sister Zina D- H. Young Jan- 31, 182 1. Therefore, it seemed a very fitting thing to meet in memory of both between the two dates. Ceneral President Martha H. Tingey of the Young Ladies' Associations, appointed an able committee to take charge of the program, Sister3 Minnie J. Snow, Julia A. Brixon and Joan Campbell. About fifty or more guests were gathered at 2 p. m., the appointed hour, and as aprelude to the opening the hymn by E. R. Snow, "O, awake my slumbering minstrel, was sung, young Mrs. Tuddenham leading. General President, (really the hostess of the occasion) made an informal address of welcome that drew all hearts towards her in sympathy and love for the great loss she had so recently sustained in the death of her beloved mother, Sister M- Isabella Home, who had always on like occasions been prese:;., and taken an active part, a woman of affairs, both spiritual and temporal. General President Sister Bathsheba W, Smith, responded in behalf of the Relief Society, and spoke in endearing terms of Sister Eliza R. and Zina D. with whom she had been associated and labored for so many years, and rejoiced in meeting with those she met here. General President Louie B. Felt responded feelingly in behalf of the Primary Association and paid a glowing tribute to the women who had helped - - - - l - 