' X. WOMAN'S EXPONENT Crv.A-n- ' " -rr- THE-AVAKENINGr- years having to resign, on account of failin? health For seventeen years she was afflicted with gall stones, and many times when an attack came on she was confined to her bed for weeks. She endured her pain .and suffering w.thout even fe;t hrpeful ard cheerlul. About rive months ago ther s set in, and all that loving hands andcomplictiot skdliul nuisingcou'd do was of no avail, Ler noble spirit taking its flight to j iu her loved ones on the other side. She w,s th mother of Uvhe children, eight CKACK INjGl.ES FRO T. Ail nature hath awakened Fft m the long winter's sleep .The leaden clouds have vanisned, The skies no longer wiep; -- The long, gray days are over, And trtes that then weie bare, Are laden now with blossoms Whose fragrance fills tlie air. Gay silver-throa'e- T Are with us once again. They sins from m rn 'til evening Their thankful, joyous strain. The bullfrogs in the mart.li s Croak, croak thctr son;s bv night, Where ignis fatuusdaucts Fantastica ly and bright;' And stars in azure setting Are twinkling up aboe While Lu nit. beams are, bathing The land with light of love. The earth is full of beauty-Beh- old HOMELESS Ho:::eltss Ki and Orella,. unmarried daughters, the youngest seventeen jears of age; also she had 37 grandchildren. Sister Merrill was of a highly intellectual nature a:id took great interesu in educational mat-terShe was cultured and refined, a great reader, and was alwa s posted on all the current events of the day. She possessed a wonderful influen e for good over hi r children, and always taught theui the' prihcipU s of the Gospel of which she was a firm believer. Her son Lton, who lecently went on a mission, lid so at her special request as her illness bade fair to be a lingering one, and there was a hope for her lecoverv. She loved ber children tenderlv and they iu return were very devoted to her. She was a faithf 1 and loving wife7a friend to !he pojr nerdy. Her funeral was held edr:esd-ivApril 11, and wan very largely attended, friends coming from all over Utah and Idaho to pay their last respects to their loved friend an siUr It was beautiful to h a' the sons of the other wives of Apostle Merrill testify to her go dness of heart, her loving kindness, and the wise counsel of ,,AuntMyra," as she was lovit gly called by the familv. fhey all bore testimony that she was one of the noblest women cf the s. it and rejoice; From man and mankind only Is heart! the sorro ing vo ce. . MAUD ELLEN HAiH'.ARLEY. and lonely, through earth's darkness oping. a-i- V1. The cares of existence e'er hiding the way; Si.ir.e moments forgetting the love of our Father, And oftentimes even too tired to pray. 'I he blessings of home to us is a pbantmi, Ambition's Laurel is to I e cur hit's prize: Aih; though many who seek vill onl hud sorrbw, We shall still hope on, for hope never dies. We may walk, with sad nd sorts and f ourriairjntcrsller dittdrerrflrg-rCtiasL a d Mrs. Libbie A. Hendricks, of Richmond; Dr. Heber K . of. Logan; Prof Albert M. of Ashley. Idaho, prmc pal of Cassia Stake Academy Prof Lewid A , of Salt I ake, editor of the 'T)es-ere- t Farmer; Lorin A., of L gan,vrecorder in the Logan Temp'e; Prof. Fred. W.. Drinciual of the Nepni Hign School; Mn. Jos P Shrp, who depart., i' th s life about sixteen months before her. mother; I)r Preston R., ot Salt Lake; Leon K , now on a mission to the Xortbern State, Alv'aret-t- a birdli;ii;s d com-plaint.-t.- hearts, through bright uous battle of Tile, coming otTTcTorious uFevefy" contest, but has now succumbed te the grim reaper, and has gone to the land where she shall be forever free from sorrow, pain and.adhe- - which -racked her body here. We accept the opinion of all who knew her, that she. was rndeetl one of earth's noble women. She was the embodiment of goodness itself, and will forever, remain our ideal of true and beautiful womanhood. When very young she entered that order of mirriage which Is so despised by the xrartdrtraTTovhTch saicceTelTrdevoted--l- y converted, and which did for her what nothing else cou'd do: crushed every selfish, sensuous, worldly tendency, and which developed to, highest excellence every virtue that belongs to wife and n otberhood. She bore and. reared practically twelve robust children, the youngest at her demise leing seven teen years of age; She loved her children tenderly, and her love has ecn to some extent requited, for $be has ever enjoed the supreme confidence and almost reverential devotion of her sons and daughters. She cared little for ther things of this earth, save as thev contributed to things eternal She was highlv intellectual, nd a1was tok a lively interest in things that tend to soul development. a faithtul and loving wife, unselfishly devoted to her interest and welfare. For her husband, her children, ber friends and acquaintances, inde d, for all of God's in the Lord she i as died. children she livtd, To Him we reluctantly, sorrowfully commend her spirit, and may He grant that she shall si ill have her loving, protecting puard.aiiship over us -- -- he-w- as 1 She-wa- s hu-band- 's MEMORIAL SERVICE. d , 1 earth. Meetings were held in honor of Sister Elizabeth Stevenson, a member of the General Board of Relief Society, by the Relief Society branches of Emery Stake, May 7, 1906. The memorial meet- - ing neia at castle uaie, May 7, 1900. J he casket was literal Singing, 'Who are these arrayed in faces, y buried in Mowers, many desisrn coining from a lone distance She has white." Prayer by Carrie O. Larsen. Through highways of "Vanity Fair," r" And mirth thru is holLw will answer heart's Em or her noble husband, gone to join her daughter "Sister, thou wast mild and ingin ma, her mother, and a host of others in that beau pleading, Reading items of the life, death lovely Soul rest, you will never find there' tiful home of rest and peace. and funeral of Sister Elizabeth Steven The world wilL laugh at your suffering, MAcciET Merrill, Or fiuwn when you do LrzziK Doty. son, by Stake Secretary Annie Maria Albett; jour For behind its gay mask the world's ees era len. Singing, '.'Do what is right." RESOLUTIONS. cruel, Stake President Mary A. Sorensen And 'tis most in earnest when it seems most in At the first Relief Society meelit g held after spoke feelingly of the noble character of jest. her death the following resolrtionswere read and our dear sister, of her strong faith; and adopted: For home, some can never be lhankful fidelity to the Gospel, of her great desire Resoluti ns of re?pect in memory of Sister AlTill they tire of ihe world s useless din; mira J. Merrill, who departed this life April 8, to talk to the sisters, and referred to inAh. home is not a mere place of sbe'ter, ' 1506. structions given to the sisters of this Nor the Laurel the bet crown to win! the officers aiul'members of the Richmond We, stake by this dear sister on former visits, On, you Who have homes filled with bright, pleasRelief feeFin the loss ot our dear friend . l - -- -' Society, ' ant faces, For the sake of life's happiness ne'er leave them to roam. For Fortune's.pathwav's thorniest places . Look bright from the clear,. sunny windows .of home. - - a good and faithful member a where she will been to called his happier home, -w we k she as 10 was be wekomed always wel comed iu our circles here. she was a friend to the For we can truly-sa-y a cheerful word to give and had and needy, poor them by way of encouragement' as well as assht-ancarjd e. ' ' . IN MEMORIAM. ALMIRA J. MERRILL, Mrs. Almira J. Merrill, wife of the late Apostle M. W. Merrill, died at Richmond, Cache Countv, Ftah, Sunday, April 8, 1906, a ter an illness ex-- ; tending over some ears. SisterMerrill was the daughter of Frederick and Elizabeth Pond and was born in Salt Lake City, August 29, 1349. The summer prece ding her birth her father went to California iu search of gold and never Bain-bridg- e, marr.el BeaionLewis-lni86- o they moved to Cache Valley, locating in Richmond, here thev have since res.ded. While in her girlhood Almira became the wife of Marrin-e- r Wood Merrill. As she was only in her 57 h iear it is thought that the death of her husband, which occurred February 6, 1906, hastened her death She passed through all the trying scenes incident to pioneer life in Cache Valley She was one of the pioneer school teachers of the county and with her mother taught the first school in Richmond. "' V,: :'"X '7"rxX She was always an acHydChurch workef in the vari6usTwar6Tlofgani president of the Richmond. Relief Society June 15, ; iS 79, and ably presided over it for twenty-tw- o Much could be said in praise of her good, works and 4ier wise counsel. We feel, that her mis ion on eanh was fulfilled and she was wanted on the other side; that she was prepared to j in her loved mansion preones who had gone to that glori-.uthe for just. pared Whereas, we, the members of the Relief Society sympathize with the bereaved family. May her sons and Slaughters be comforted in the asrance lhat their mother s not dead, but Voue. to ccn- tinue her labors in a far better world. May we cherish her memory and strive to emulate her ho'.... L bble example. Be it resolved that we read a skett h of her life : and these resolutions in Relief Soc:ety meeting;1 that a copy be enteied on Relief Society record, a copy be" sent to the Woman Exponent for publication and a copy be sent to family: s : " the-bereave- d as being instructions from a woman of God, the same would never be forgotten. - Solo, we gather at the river, Lucy Seely. Sister Clarissa Jane Seely, of Mount Pleasant, said she had been acquainted with Sister Stevenson since the year 185S, and knevvher to be a faithful woman who always tried to do right, to live uprightly before the Lord; hoped that when she ptssed from this stage of action she die in the harness as Sister Steven- might t t son naa aone. Prest. Mary J. Seely thanked the sisters for their hearty response ?ahd for the beautiful po ted plants and cut flowers which they hadfurnished on this acca- sion for decoration- binding, 1 hou dost not weep to weep alone."- Benediction by Annie J. King. 1 - - Annie MariA Allen, Stake R- - S. Sec The following was written in' the VOakley . M. Merrill, one of Aunt Eagle.V edited by Albert " " " sons: ra's M " - . OUR MOTHER. :- - . los of dearest1 We were called to mourn, last week, the iri-- be swee'est, best woman that ever graced the earth. For fifty-si- x years and' more she fought the stren Mrs. Frances C. MonkerC of ast St. old, Louis, 111., who is and:writes is well and stronpShe-readwithout, glasses and plays 6n the piano. ninety-threeyea- rs 5 S 