Woman's Exponent EMMELIXE B. WELLS. Editor and Publisher AXXIE WELLS CAXXOX, Assistant Editor. Published month y, in Salt Lane City, Utah Terms: one copv one ear, $1.00; one copy six month No reduction made for clubs. City papers dehv 50 cts tred by mail, extra for postage one yeai . 2 cts. Alvenising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month. $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Tempieton. South Temple Street; Basinets hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E B. WELLS. Salt Lakk City. Utah. S EXPONENT WOMAN'S 44 Entered at the Post cond-clamatter. Office in Sat Lake Ctty, I tak, as ss Salt Lake City. Utah, JANUARY, I906 CORRECTION. In the Woman's Exponent, November number, 1905. in the article republished from the Jubilee report given March 17. 1892, we find an error which we feel should be corrected. The paragraph alluded to reads thus: "President Smith stated that the meeting was called for the purpose of making more complete the organization of the Church by organizing the women in the order of the Priesthood." We find by comparing it with the original record no such statement was made. Bathsheba W. Smith, President, Emmeline B. Wells, Secretary. NOTICE TO STAKE SECRET ARIESr The Stake secretaries of the Relief Society are reminded that the yearly reports are to be made for the year 1905, from January 1, to December 31, and it will be a good thing to give notice to all the branches in the respective stakes so that there may be a full and complete record, noting all the changes in officers, new branches organized, condition of grain stored as well as the amount on hand; number of buildings in the stake, Address owned by the Society, etc. General Secretary, Mrs. E. B. Wells, Tempieton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. THE HOLIDAY SEASON. The holiday weeks are to most people of mature years, a time of thoughtfulness, if the festivities of the season give them time to think, although some people have have had to accustom themselves to thinking in a crowd. But seriously speaking, reminiscences of other days, and other associations, will come up, staring at one as it were and shutting out the present view, filling it with pictures long since hidden away. One might well exclaim with Byron, when one is in the midst of "What business have a festive scene they there at such a time?" We see not the things around us, but the old friends, the old scenes in which we were wont to mingle, and we recall vividly the familiar faces and the voices of dear ones. "I call to mind, but cannot find, The frieti'ls I loved so well. Where have ye fled, ye vanished? I ask, ye do not tell." Heber C. Kimball used to say holidays were "hollow days," and it is in many instances too true. We think of the departed, who were once with us; our beloved associates, whose faces we see no more except in dreams, and yet they have left their impress upon us, and the work in which we who are here are still engaged. How many familiar names come to our remembrance. Sometimes we wonder what they would think if they were with us now, times have so changed; the things we formerly were in the habit of doing are not done in this day of invention and ingenuity, machinery and electricity. In view of this we ought to have more leisure, but it is not so; the busy housewife of today is even more hurried than of 5rore, when she made her own soap and candles and sewed by hand; and carded, spun and wove, and cooked over the fire without a range, or even a stove- Now iu even ordinary homes there is a range, a sewing machine, much of the clothing there are washing is bought ready-madmachines, bread mixers, electric flat irons, electric lights, etc., etc., and yet we are not satisfied, and complain there is no time to be polite, to be sociable. We live in a whirl, as it were, many of us in a constant excitement, that is neither good for the soul or the body, nor for the children, born or unborn. And yet we would not like to go back to primitive methods. We call these days progressive, and it is true in the sense of science, invention and new methods; and perhaps if people could adjust themselves to all these wonderful improvements, and take a little time to reflect and bring themselves into d customs, harmony with the and appurtenances, it might tend to a higher state of civilization, and even actual enjoyment of the good gifts vouchsafed to us from a divine Father. Children especially are simply crammed not only with sweetmeats and toys, etc., but the schools are cramming them with book learning; and ambitious parents and teachers and the world at large look on and applaud, and prizes are offered for competition, to stimulate the already overworked brain of the growing child. Perhaps it is a blessing that a respite comes at Christmas time, if it was in reality a rest, but in most cases, although it is a change from regular duties, it is even more strenuous than the daily occupations: parties, theatres, operas, games outdoors and in, late hours- less sleep and such, an abundance of feasting and festivity in which children are sometimes made the chief participants. These are some of the things that would appal our forefathers and mothers of a century ago. The question. "Whither are we drifting?" might be asked at the present timeIt is true we have more advantages than heretofore; we can travel hither and yon, and life under such favorable conditions ought to be a splendid success to mankind in general; but there are more as some of the ancients imagined, they But joking aside, would break through. the stupendous works of men in recent years demand the admiration of the world, the great naval ships, propelled by steam, and ships of commerce and travel, the tremendous bridges, archways, canals and highways, that require talent of no ordinary kind to construct; the great railways, through wildernesses and mountain passes are marvels in workmanship. . What would the primitive peoples who fed their flocks on the plains of Judea, think of these wonders. And yet we are - e; now-a-da- new-fangle- - - failures than formerly; the homes full of plenty do not suffice, and when the home is wrecked, all is lost comparatively speaking. One really can say this is an age of activity in many directions; men are building great monumental structures, so high and so heavy are many cf the buildings, etc., that if the earth were a thin crust, told the Great Pyramids of Egypt surpass any modern structure with all our boasting. And when we talk of higher civilization, of excellence in literature and arts and crafts, we are referred to Greece and Rome, and are told that eyen now the works of. Homer and Horace surpass anything of modern date; and that Demosthenes and Cicero were greater than any orators since that period; but of all the great structures only the Pyramids stand as silent witnesses, though doubtless many wonderful monuments of greatness lie buried in the bowels of the earth, that fires or wars conld not altogether destroy. So after all, notwithstanding the boast of the nineteenth century, men are not wholly prepared to compare the works of their hands with those of other periods. The magnificence of Solomon's Temple was perhaps greater and more sublime than St. Peter's or any of more modern date, but monetary craze would hardly admit of so much gold, silver and precious stones being used for building a House to the Name of the Lord, even in which to worship Him who created all things in heaven and in earth. The New Year has dawned and significantly prosperous for the people on this western hemisphere at least, and for the Latter-da- y Saints most auspiciously. In the m'dst of plenty, increasing in numbers and spreading abroad in the land, build' ing up waste places and improving in many ways, advancing towards that time when closer bonds of brotherhood shall unite all interests temporal as well as spiritual. With such bright prospects great advancement ought to be made this present year. All the good resolutions made in the early days of this present month should find fulfillment, and even more achieved than one dared to expect. Let us believe in the accomplishment of every righteous ambition. With faith in God and the utmost energy and activity, what can hinder the progress towards higher and better things. Will and determination on the part of individuals is in itself uplifting, "Never give up," is a good motto for us all. Adversity is good discipline; many of our people have found this to be true, but whether sorrows or joys come to the saints, they should not despond, knowing as they do that the religion they Lave embraced is true, and God is at the helm, though the world frown and look down upon this people, yet the knowledge of the truth should hold them firm to the ship Zion, that though tossed upon high wayes, or standing still in a calm sea, will ride triumphant over all and land its precious cargo in a safe harbor. At present everything points to a brilliant future for this pecu- - J ys 