WOMAN'S EXPONENT CHRISTMAS BY GRACE BELLS. 43 SOME DAY BY INGLES FROST. Christmas bells are chiming "Peace on earth, good will to man," Glory to God in the highest, And unto the great "I Am," Great, tho' so humble His advent. Not a place could he find for Hid head, Save a manger the meanest of cradles, Where oftimes the cattle.had fed. Great, tho' through life with the IoaIv He walked, Scorned, insulted, rejected by men, The least in the kingdom of heaven, Accounted more worthy by them. And great, ah, so great! were His teachings. That down thro' the ages thev roll, Bringing joy, peace, long suffering and meekness To those who His doctrine extol. Ring on Christmas bells! Sound your praises? and His Father above. Who gave us poor erring creat .res, The heavenly message of love. To Christ LELI V MARLER. The sun at last has dropped behind the tains. The noiy echoes of the town are stilled, The tired workers to their homes are going, Their weary tasks have been fulfilled. moun- When hushed the clamor of the busy citv, And wrapped in quietudo is every mill, Then venture forth the cricket, bat and night bird, With homely melodies the air to fill. And as the dreamer at the lattice window, Disheartened with the worries of the day, Arras in vivid pictures a bright future, A whisper's heard, "It will be thine some day." "Some day," ah, ye., the word is full of sweetness; It whispers hope to mortals sore and tried; We lisp ii, and we think of what 'twill bring us; ' Tis easy then our present griefs to hide. "Some day!" the word has in it tender pathos, Will it bring forth our broken vases filled With tokens from friends lost now returning? Will every broken promise be fulfilled? Will every tender gift and loving whisper Assume again its value, as at first? Will we some dav be given in full measure The love for which our hearts are now athirst? Will we be understood by those around us? Will our true motives be unveiled at las'? And will all falseness, doubt and misdirection Then to the wild and furious winds be cast? NO FAREWELL. BY LYDIA D. ALDRR. "Some day!" ah, may it not be too far distant, Edith, my love, I bid thee no farewell, To go means but to return, some other day. The while, through showers and sun, flowers bloom more gay, The green tints deepen in the leafy dell. Change now has come.our paths in life musWpart; But winding ever, they will meet again. Sometime, somewhere, in pleasure, not in pain Together they will flow, dear heart, dear heart. Ere time was measured we,'mong morning stars Sang peans as the world rolled out in space; All there were of the royal, princely race. Yet could we not see clear, through heaven's birs. Tb us unknown, the power, the depth of love, For contrast had no meaning for u yet We saw the shining world dost thou forget? And deathless stars, like jewels, interwoven. tread the outstretched grassy way, All else we thought as nothing glad to leave-H- ow could we feel the cross, see things that grieve, For glamor of the bright, eternal day? To go, to We, o'er heaven's ramparts peeped, it seemed not far, Nor hard for us the daz2ling crown to win, For in our hearts was never thought of sin No shadow there that could the landscape mar. I held thv hand for thou wast near to me- -? While gazing on the glcious sphere in sight; The way defined, the end a blaze of light And glory, that again, some day we'll see. We importuned, and at the last are here, Love, now we know has many thorns and tetfrs, And disappointments throng the pas-in- g years; And all we prize full oft lies on the bier. . we know, Now, like as Gods, the bitter-swe- et The corresponding care of every jov; Can segregate the gold from base alloy, And love this life, foreknowledge did bestow. Then count but gain all things we have to bear; If sorrow comes, then it is well to weep; If joy, then this remembrance ever keep, To learn, to know, we left the realms o'er there. Congenial hearts, are those we knew before; 'Tis but a veil drawn close before our eyes, That all the glory hides of Paradise A moment, and we'll dwell there evermore. A child no longer, as in days of old; Celestial home, we prize thee, know thy cost We wandered in the world and were not lost; Again, O joy! we walk in streets of gold. When vaguest h"pes shall finally be real. Our hearts then understood, the past forgiven, ' A tender sacred kiss to serve as seal. OREGON BY MAUD MINE. BAGGARLKY. Misty and blue, the firs of Mount Tabor The glory of sunset crimsoning the west, The warm ocean breeze, the sea's benediction, Stirs gently the forest, then lulls it to rest. Now, the streets of an alien city; Mountains bare and high; The far off gleam of an inland sea, Instead of the river rushing free; And the blue of an alien sky. Oh, for the sound of the wind in the fir trees; The down-sif- t nggold of the sun thro' the pine, And the dear Willamette dimpling in sunshine, Oh, Oregon, Oregon mine! To the land where Thy people dwell, Thy hand of mercy hath led, Thy will shall be done while life doth last But oh, when 1 am dead Wilt Thou let me sleep the long, long sleep With the friends I loved m youth, Where the golden hours of Childhood fled And the world seemed br ght with trutn? When I am dead! Capernaum, Bethsaida and Magdala, and passing the land of the Gergesesenes, where the swine, possessed of the evil spirits ran down into the sea, from the other boats the melody is wafted on the stilly air. O, Galilee, sweet Galilee. Where Jesus loved so much to be. And those days seem to be here, those scenes of the present. Once, long ago, the apostles were rowing across the sea the Savior asleep in the boat, when suddenly a storm arose and they, fearing a watery grave, called to him, "to save or we perish." Wearied he slept. heeding neither winds or waves, but at their call he arose, and rebuked the storm, saying to the angry sea, "Peace, be still." A feeling of restfulness and peace, is there, over Galilee. Though nearly two thousand years have elapsed since then, the spirit of peace, seems hovering over both sea and shore. Yes, Galilee was loved by Jesus, and many mighty works, he performed there, Peter and his companions thought him a spirit, when they in the boat saw him walking out to them on the water, and Peter, so venturesome, yet having little faith would have perished, had not Jesus saved him, Often Jesus was weary, with preaching and teaching.the spirit of man was so unresponsive to his own, that it weighed heavily upon him, or he grieved for their weakness, or yearned over them as thev followed him, that he sailed away from them, to find the rest, that he so much required. O, Galilee, blue Galilee, Come sing your songs again to me. The first sight one catches of Galilee, is so beautiful! The water is a peculiar shade of light blue, the bluest ever seen. On descending the hills to Tiberias, the paint on hotels and houses is of the same color. No wonder the song extols, "Blue Galilee," but sailing on its shining bosom lo, the water is green, green as can be! Come sing your songs again to me. Yes, sing your songs, they are melodious as no other songs can be, for no others, were ever like unto them The pebbly shore, the cloud flecked sky, the dreamy hills, all sing of Jesus, who loved to be here, so much-Herhe returned after his resurrection visiting once again beloved Galilee. Where are the hosts, who once lived round about? Where the fishermen with heavy nets of fish? Gone, all are gone. Not a voice is heard, not a form tb be seen. Scarcely a sound comes even from Tiberias, with its synagogues and mosques, whose noonday call to prayer.only sounds as a babble- - Deserted, a mist rising between the sea and shore, this is Galilee. The actors in its past, visit the sea no more, the heavens have received them, and in the earth are hidden, the glories But a restoration day of Christ's day. and a resurrection day, await this beloved spot of Christ's earthly ministry. e THE SEA OF GALILEE. swfet Galilee, Where Jesus loved so much to be; O, Galilee, blue Galiiee, Come sing your songs again to me. O, Galilee An inspiration comes with the sweet notes of this song, when sung by choir or congregation, but it is intensified, even thrilling when they float far away, and away, over the bosom of that beautiful sea. Think of Galilee, where Jesus taught the multitude on its shore; where he called, Peter, Andrew, James and John the fishermen, who gained a livelihood in its waters, saying, "follow me, and I will make you fishers of men." As we sail oyer this sacred sea, visiting - Lydia D. Alder. 