Woman's Exponent. . f The Ballot iv I e Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. No. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, FEBRUARY, 1906 Vol. 34 CONTENTS. if 56 Relief Society Report 52 A Few Editorial: Stray Thoughts 52 Unique Party : 53 Heart of My Heart 53 Editorial Notes Frost 49 Giace Ingles Poetry: Today Selected 49 The Pilgrim Mother...... As the Da) s are Slipping. By .....Louise Coulson Maud Baggerly 51 51 ,$vl '4 Ml IMJft '. AMANDA TRIMBLE GHEEN KIMBALL. BY ALICE K- - SMITH. Amanda Trimble Gheen Kimball was born into this life the same year that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y She first beheld Saints was organizedof 18th the light day the day of January, She was the fourth child and third 1830. daughter in a family of eight. The order of the children's births was as follows: Margarette P. Thomas, Ann Alice, Amanda T., Mary Ann, Stephen H-- , Levi A., and Sarah Ellen. They were all born in Whiteland, Chester county, Pennsylvania, excepting the last named, who was - TODAY. GRACE In the language of Ann , "They were prospered and blessed and had a pleasant journey, for they were a happy family." They arrived in the city of Nauvoo the 28th day of June, having been seven weeks on the way. Her father bought an acre of land just two blocks west of A-- Amanda Trimble Gheen Kimball Alice K. Smith 4Q in Scandinavia Christmas Emma Howell Jenson 51 Effort May Overcome Environment Eleanor P. Groesbeck 54 Ceila A. Smith 54 Mothers' Work 55 In Memoriam 56 A. M. View Cragun Pleasant at Party N. H. Allred 56 Honoring Sister Lindsay The Lone Pine 8 INGLES FROST. Live in today, not tomorrow; When it shall come 'twill be your today Afck not thyself, does it hold ioy or sorrow; Trust in the Master and live in today. Live in today, not tomorrow: None evep reach it; tug as they may. Save in the realms where fancy may lead them; For when attained 'tis always today. Live in today, there is no tomorrow; Live in the land in the season that's thine; Live in today, great strength you will borrow. By only living one day at a time. THE PILGRIM MOTHERS. A song for the Pilgrim Mothers, Who came from over the sea To worship God ' On the virgin sod Of a new world, greatand free.. for those brave foremothers, With dauntless hearts and true, Who sailed away From old Plymouth bay To found a Plymouth new, A song A song for those valiant mothers. for the right; d Who faced the wild, And serenely smiled 'Mid dangers, day and night. Self-exile- A song for those steadfast mothers, Waose patience was so strong, Through winter sleet And through summer heat They passed with joyous song. A song for those pure foremothers Whose blood like leaven runs, Where'er the crest Of the nation's best Is borne by her daughters and sons. A song for the silent mothers Whose souls are now on high; We bow the head, To honor the dead, Who knew how to live and to die. Selected. born in Nauvoo, Hancock county, Illinois. Her father's name was William A. Gheen, a son of Thomas and Alice Ann Atkin Gheen, natives of Goshen. Chester county, Pennsylvania, where he was born September 2, 1798. He was a prosperBoth his parents were ous farmer. led He a good, moral and inQuakers, dustrious life, though he never believed or joined any sect or society until he joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, "Her mother's maiden name was Esther Ann Pierce, a daughter of Thomas and Margerette Trimble Pierce, both born in Thornbury, Delaware They, like her county, Pennsylvania. father's parents, were Quakers. In the springof 1840 some of the first Elders belonging to the Church of Jesus Saints came to Christ of Latter-da- y Chester county, Pennsylvania, and Amanda's parents and their children who were old enough to comprehend, were soon convinced of the truth of the Gospel. In August of the same year her father, moth? er and oldest sister were baptized, and the following December Amanda and her At sister, Ann A., were also baptized. A. Ann twelve was and this time Amanda of was fourteen years age. In the year i84i her father, in company with Edward Hunter (who was a near neighbor), went to Nauvoo to visit the Prophet and Saints. He received his patriarchal blessing and was ordained an Elder under the hands of Hyrum Smith. He returned home in good health and spirits, On the 21st of January, 1842, her father sold his farm and prepared to gather with the Saints at Nauvoo, and on the Uth day of May, 1842, they bade farewell to the place of their nativity and started westward, for the Gospel sake. the Temple, and built brick a two-storHe also purchased of the Prophet Joseph Smith eighty acres of prairie land on the Carthage road, for which he He labored paid eight hundred dollars. to build and diligently improve, and to cultivate the earth- - He made his family comfortable and assisted in building the Temple by labor and liberal donations. He was always very kind to the poor. The Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum were frequent and welcome visitors at the Gheen home. On the 29th of July, 1843, Amanda and her sister, Ann A,, received their patriarchal blessings under the hands of Patriarch Hyrum Smith. Other prominent visitors came to their home, among them Brothers Brigham Young and Heber C. Kimball. And Heber became very much attached to Amanda's sister, Ann A., who was at that time yery ill with ague. He converted her and her parents to the principle of plural marriage, and he asked her to be his wife under the bonds of the new and everlasting covenant, which she consented to, and on the 10th day of September, 1844, they were married by Brig-haYoung, then President of the Twelve. We find the following in her journal in reference to her marriage: "This I do for the sake of salvation and exaltation in the celestial kingdom of God, with a man I think the best in the world, and one who has proved himself a man of God." Amanda's father was very much attached to the Prophet and his brethren, and often he was bowed down in grief and wept when he witnessed the life of jeopardy and persecution that they endured from day to day. The day before the Prophet Joseph and his brother Hyrum were murdered he visited them in the jail and was received with many blessings. He had a great desire to see the Temple completed, but he was disappointed. The following year he was taken suddenly ill, and died July 15, 1845, age forty-seve- n years and ten months. From the journal of Ann A. we read the following: "This is a heavy blow to our family, for he was a kind and faithful father and husband and a good man. Brother Brigham preached his funeral sermon, and he said he had known Brother William A. Gheen well, and if he was to live his life over he could not better it one particle." At the time of his death the four youngest children had the whooping cough, and the baby was apparently dying, but through the blessings of God she lived to be a great blessing and became a mother in Israel. Amanda in time was convinced also that Heber C. Kimball was ''the best man in the world, "and was married to him y house. m 