WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. i : the energy of the ,u'tr.i! .: mid be humble and willing ATI :.,.-- : v Do not lv o:;:.:;ul by the Holy Spirit. but be willing to fill! the ;:c Ic 'places, lor, they are all important. v!I the o:;icer: nctd our prayers. XwVwX Zina I). II. Young said: MIt is a great thing to he satisfied with the provii d.-.vs of the Lord, and do not always he wanting, or when you come to the end of r lives and are weighed in the balance, i I pray you huy .still be found wanting.' the Lord to bless all who are here, they are His jewels, and I 'also pray for those who me not here but who' desire so much to be lien, if it were possible." "I feel v President Sarah J. Cannon said: that there is a good spirit here, and am very I feel . much pleased to be able to be here. Sister-Homhad the importance of what siid that we need an awakening in the I have .thought of this a Relief Society. gieat deal, and wonder whatcau be done in this regard. He charitable and try to avoid giving offence to any one." Counselor Annie T. Hyde was extremely gratified to see the good representation conFelt sidering the division of the Stake. that this division would be productive of good. Spoke of the duties of mothers, there is none greater on earth, ahd the Relief Society is one of th greatest helps in this "We hope to have some special direction. meetings where these things may bY; con- Relief Society workers when they Mtlered. go around making their visits should invite all the sisters to come to meeting, try to get all to come who possibly can. Do not ' find fault with those who are in authority over us, for that is where Satan will gain possession of our minds." Hathsheba u. Smith was delighted to meet with the sisters always, Disregretted coming to a meeting. couraged card playing, never saw any gc'od come from it. chetrful and "Always have a contented mind and happy counteBelieved that we could make our nance." iiueetings more interesting if we would meet together often and eac one strive to do her upon v. x . t to-f:kv- V. , . 11 e ' j ; j j j ! i Pn-siden- t and-neve- b-.- r ' 1 - duty. President M. A. llvde, of Sanpete Stake, the pleasure of knowing the Prophet Joseph Smith, and said there'were .not many left vho had had the privilege of seeing him. Bore a strong testimony and prayeu the blessing of the Lord to bz with all, especially those who are placed over us to instruct us. President Knmia S. Woodruff, of the new .Granite Stike, said they felt in this new Stake that the Salt Lake Stake was their mother. "We feel satisfied w.ith the present arrangements, though it is, a great reI feel like my greatest desire sponsibility. is to srve the Lord" for the rest of my life When our children are young they need our care, and even when they are grown we should not slacken our vigilance, for they need our care" almost as much then." President Home explained that on account of .the unavoidable absence of Sister R'fcter, Sister Kmma A. Jimpey had kindly consented to fill her place. Gave instructions as to how the nurses 'report, etc. It' is quite a troifble'and care to look alter, the.sick, but this is a part of our labors atuHve should not shirk them. Sister Home introduced Sister. HmpeV, who spoke for a Yew minutes, expressing her desire to give satisfaction in this posf--. the. minds of the people ju the it a day long to b remember.-,very much interested in all would jnake the Relief Society most efficient ociet for the d women on the earth. The sist ' t . e(J . 1' . . I " - d . j f Counselor. Annie T. Hyde moved that a vote of thanks be given Sister Riter for her very efficient work, and hoped she woufd sot able to take it t?p again; carried lister Kmmeline B. Wells then spoVe of t he !7tlr or March, llieday on which the was Rehdisociiity organized, and hoped each ward would celebrate the in such a way that an impression would day be made on -' tx-.dm- , su:::-mer- . ihc-coul- " rselves. President Zina I). II. Youm: rvr:c-.'L... "1 .1 tl UCVe a cepv 0: SUOIUU mat every prtSKieill The Lord will evmtiullv (he hxi'ONi-NTopen the way for the. futthtrauev of His of the work.. Prayed for Iord Continuallyaccompany His daugif. . 1 . r !;- - the afternoon session of ' ne title -s , Heavenly-Fathe- ru:;. drv-Uta- the conference held December 23 were read and approved, . The annual financial and statistical report was read .and approved, .also the Stake treasurer's report read and approved. President Home was pleased to see a better attendance, and urged all the.sisters in the Stak'e to make an effort to attend. The influence of the example of the mother was very hard to eradicate from the minds of The Prophet, said that a the children. gocd and pure woman was a fit companion for angels and her influence over her associates was unbounded. Spoke of the .neces sity of being humble. A humble spirit has .. ..... t I,,. 1. U 1. .. xnuic luuuenec uic jeupie tman il... uie ovi orators. oi words Uur trials a;?d great as serve means of provtemptations only ing us. r We will get our reward for the Testigood we do and tht faith We have. fied of the following occurrence which happened in Canada, at the home of a Mrs. Walton, near Toronto. Those present were John Taylor and wife, John Snider and wife, Joseph. Fielding ar.d two sisters, Joseph Home and wife and sjm- - others. The Prophet related with great force and power the ctrculiistances connected with the Mormon. His 'bringing forth of the Hook-oface and whole body seemed full of light. Adv ised the sisters to learn as much as possible about- the Church, and also endeavor to keep in touch with what is roing on in the world. Prayed for 'the spirit of the Lord to bless and prompt us to do right." and to encourage and' cheer us continually. Mrs. Priscilla j. Riter, superintendent of the nurses, spoke of her inability to continue the work, because of sickness in her family. Commended those nurses who had fulfilled every duty required of them in caring for the poor-ansick. Said those who are most prompt to answer the calls' of charity are the best nurses and are competent to receive the best wages. Mrs. Riter spoke at some length in a very interesting.;, way of the work performed, and the spirit .manifested by the nurses. Hoped would receive encouragement from they fh'p Society officers, and desired al ways the sup- port of the sisters and the blessings ofher j . . v. -- a-- who ' rupt." until 2 p. in. Meeting-atljournSinging. We thank Thee. OGod, for a prophet." Uenediction by President Klizabeth.Paul. Afternoon session commenced by singing "Do what is right," led by the Temple choir. 0ening prayer byI Sister Julia C. Howe. hinging, "Jesus. my cross have Th.e minutes of h The silk commission will wishes to learn about the u Utah silk commission, of whi ,.; 'vS'ivr.t' Zina D. 11. Young was chair;:: elegant Mack brocaded silk silk, to MLs's Anthony present on 'her eightieth buthd Sister Wells" spoke versary. :;e Kx. as the organ of the lit!. j'oM-NSaid it always contained repou-- . 'd: lief Society of the varie.r.s Staki. :' Z: and news of interest educational ' v She had been requested to pre: a u.::i. file for the Paris plete Ixp;bdij to do with b suitable so, '.peeled r that t" ocecasiou. great' sisters to support the paper, woman s paper ior women. 'Sp'.ke of ly. ng represented the Relief. SiT:- ly in lb. International Congress in Loud.-."- ia.st Hoped the. sisters would do ail to forward' the work of the s ekly We have milch information to give to strangers and we should pre pare ou- y . v. i: regret the work they do in th-etv. Referred to the silk indi: Kverything is favorable to, th silk,, but there was not em ;' r.aiseti to warrant an txp'eri::. be-car- e-' taken." : ; f was delighted to be present and hear the good instructions given by the sisters. Had . tion, although s!re hardly knew what her duties would be. Sister Khzaheth Stevenson siidr "We Look-athe ;shouM live lives of example. lives of these our sisters, two of them eighty years old and over. Let the officers take the instructions home to their bntnvhcs of the society. Ltt us watch well over our children, they .are. our jewels. The sisters assist their husbands, should try ful in financial affairs. What assail thing it Saint become a bankis to see a Latter-da! ; . 1 . the-ble.iug- s - hters. President Home wished the wards to celebrate the 1.7th of March. " (..)': hcers of the Salt Lake Stake, will meet in the 14th ward hall four weeks from to day.' The Temple choir saiiu- ''(), l'a:adi:-e,- ' and the conference w.'.s. adjourned for three months, or the first. Saturday in Jure. Closing prayer bv Flder C. J. Thomas. - . AUGL'STA.W. Gk.NT, StC. " " LOS ANGKI.OS. ...'.. Our little branch at Los 'Angelos . is really not so large as it has been, owing to .many leaving for Utah, Idaho and oilier places. Still, some, have ben added to the Church through the labors of our faithful KUlersja this mission Our Relief Society, though not making so much head way ;as we coukl desire, is not asleep, by:any means. The president of our. branch, .lilder Jacobson, thought proper some since to have a social ..gathering of Saints and; friends, hiring a large hall for this purpose.;.' An admission lie was charged, which proved a success. We tnoc advantage of this opportunity to oflVr needle w;ork for sale, made by the sisters, which tell iV'l-- , we soon d is nosed nf rnh'inrr artlars. We havcone or two irieiiils-whneedy and must do what we can .do help them. We felt leased with our work, and all enjoyed themselves, friends as we as ' - ' H-- : two-week- - o 1 Saints. I wish, to say my attdress will again 53 r Court St!, which please note. ing the compliments of the main, ' & seas-jn- - oe Wish- , I re- '. Your sister in the Gospel, K. WOOLLACOTT. 