WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 44 even' national disptvlts,' thaii to array armed forces against ""Not. only does the furtherance of the measures to establish.' this International EStMEUSE It. WELLS, lUttor tn.l I'.uHuKer. Court of .Arbitration look hopeful, but.thc-theorieand 'philanthropic sentiments of LikcVy, Publohel women now being developed along practical t;i ,'str,s, o;.y Terms: one copv one yar' i,oo: or lines that will tend to helpfulness in, ft. c!us. Cty 0: .; er; 50 cts Nq redaction" directed wholly along charitable ered by nail, extra for postage. or; ye.it, 25 lines: instead investing money in enterf rrvi ir.'i Advertising rites! Each' o,uardi- A prises that will Mipply' work tor those space one...t;mf J 2.50; p:r month. $j.oo. count to regular advertisers. needing help and 'actually encouraging more or less habits of industry in tho-outh office Roorra3 TempVtotj. Exponent who through force of circumStreet: Husines hours from. 10 a. m. to 5 p. ").. every ( dependent, . stances are not iu a jxition to create work day. exce.jt Sunday. When women's that is remunerative. Address all tu:nes comnmni at oris tc clubs and societies cm launch oii tar.d d . Woman's Exporieni each-othe- the heart v congratulations of the ExVonen and a sincere wish from the editor for th future siftcess of lier educational ideals for the State 'of Utah."' r. ! . J . s ' in-Salt vmi-mop'tV- . e ways-heretofor- .d.-li- ru-vl- -- . -. !;f.--- n U--- . r e ' j - ' ; ' t- Mrs. n. 1:. Salt EnttriJ at the I'ost Ofut S'cond-clas- i . .V' ! such things as' are now wells. Lake Cn .v OOv ' AM. uj country air and taught healthfulness and familiarity with nature, will give new life and increased vitality to the boys and girls who have the material belief t of such matter. Salt Lake City. Uiah, r. 15, & Sep. i. in some d of 'the large cities of the East, young m'eii will not enlist in the army so frequently for the sake of a living, and brought up in the Ujah. v, propo-c- k training.; ; A HOPEFUL OUTLOOK. . One lady in dealing w ith this subject says charity deals with symptoms, philanthropy It is rather a hopeful, outlook for the with the disease; but she went on. to tell future that men of exceptional ability have the need of law which is a vital truth, for been appointed by the President of the when any effort the workers are conm United States to represent this country fronted by the law, city, state or national, the International Court of Arbitration.' and the question goes back to the honesty, The Hague agreement, stipulated that each fearlessness and disinterestedness of the of the signatory powers were to appoint law, makers and law enforcers. All giving men of recognized standing on great of material aid should be with a view, if national questions, to arbitrate differences to make the recipient between interested governments that were possible, - ! self-helpfu- l. at variance. Very much lias been said and written in regard to the Hague Conference being a failure, but the leaven generated there will work its way among all civilized ''people, and the little seed sown, though it .may have been small, will certainly become and powerful tree, under whose wide spread branches generations yet unborn may sit at ease o awl rejoice that war and all its attendant evils and terrible consequences are known no more. The sentiment in favor of peace created through the agitation of the meetingsjield simultaneously, just previous to the sitting of the Hague Conference, will never die out while women mourn their dead slain in battle, since that gathering of the repreSixteen sentatives of sixteen nations. powers signed the Articles of the Convention. The Pope sent a letter assuring the assembly of his cooperation, and stating that he had at times previous performed the functions of an arbitrator, and promised to continue his efforts in the advancement of civilization; and we know the highest ' civilization makes for peace. f The" fact- - of an International Court of Arbitration on neutral ground once fully established will have its influence upon national differences, and create a feeling of greater permanency in securing justice to all concerned in the causes' to be adjusted. Notwithstanding it may take a long time to bring about the much desired results, yet we should not lose heart in pursuing the work that is sure to triumph ultimately. Though men may agree that it is all in vain, because wars lrave been waged since, (and it is the way of the world) yet, nevertheless, we know ignorance 'is, hard to overcome, and it is the few who are sueing for peace against the many whose methods are crude, and. whom it is difficult to convince that there is a better way to settle EDITORIAL NOTES. The sisters of the General Board and other sisters have been busy of late visiting conferences. President M. Isabella Home and Sister Harriet Ellis, attended the Utah Stake Relief Society; President Jane S. Richards attended Morgan Stake; Sisters Elizabeth J. Stevenson and L. L. Greene Richards, Emery Stake; - President Susan Grant and Sister Mary E. Irvine, TJintah ' Stake. . The Annual Executive Meeting of the; National Louncii oi u omen win ne held at Minntaoblis. Minnesota, on November 11 By invitation of the 14, and 15. 1900. Women's Council of .Minneapolis the pub- lie meetings will be held in the First Unitarian Church at 8' th and Mary Streets. Other meetings in church parlor's or in Hotel Headquarters, as usual. The National organizations will be represented by the president or proxy and one delegate or alternate. Putrons and members .of com. niittees are enticed to be present and par. . - . j ' . ticipate in proceedings- - The At IIo;ne given by Mrs. "ft S., Mrs. F. Dewey i;;d Mrs. Joseph. T. Richards at Richards residence on A, Street, Saturday afternoon, October 26, was a brilliant affair. Three hundred guests weie invited and a large number attended during the hours from 2 .to 6 .o'clock. The decorations were "on a very magnificent scale, the front parlor in green and white chrysanthemums, with vines and ferns, and very artistic, the rear parlor in red and the dining room in yellow and wdiite. The ladies house were assihted in receiving by Mrs. J. T. Houk, of San Francisco, Mrs. C. S. Varian, Mrs. A. C. Ewing, Mrs. Ed. Ferry Mrs. 'Fiank Jennings and Mrs. W. W. Riter. The ladies who assisted in serving 'refreshments were Mrs. Fred . W. Scarff, Misses Mary Voting, Edyth Ellerbeck and Ida Noble. Tne gowns of the young, ladies corresponded with the colors used in decorating the dining hall. the of-th- e The General Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ. of Latter-daSaints convened .October 5, 6, and 7, inthe Tabernacle iu Salt y Lake City, and was .opened by President Lorenzo Snow, who delivered an eloquent and insj)iritional sermon, touching upon inany important matters of historical interest and also such as relate to the present day. and the lives of the Latter-daSaints. His remarks concerning "the building up of Jackson County were in line with the spirit of the times and his words altogether were pregnant with significance of the work of the Lord in the "last' days," or the fulness of times, and of the position he occupies as tne nead. ot the Church. President Snow, in his 87th year. 'speaks as forcibly although as ever and ean be heard distinctly in that large Jjuilding. The President is a very remarkable man and a grand representative of .his Puritan ancestry. " y Miss Susan B Anthony is reported to be slowly but surely recovering from the col-laps- e which prostrated her early in September last. She is now able to ride or walk out a little every day. Women everywhere will rejoice that she has been spared to direct and advise those who love her so intensely and who look up to her for wisdom to guide the women's movement for higher advancement. The women of the L. D. S. Church every where w ill, w;e are sure. - be delighted 1o know that they are to have a Woman's Temple or building in the not far distant future. The presidency of the Church have very generously given a very valuable ' piece Of land on the block east of the Temple in this city, facing west at the south corner of Temple avenue The structure when completed will, the sisters may rest "assured, be a handsome and commodious edifice. mag-nifiee- ... ' ' The women, of Utah . j for Superintendent of , . nt 'v "wiiuuu ill me appointment of. Mrs. Emma J. McVi-k- er Public Tntn,; fill the unexpired term left vacant bv the demise of Dr. John R. Park. Mrs ' is an honor to the women of the State, thoroughly Qualified for an all around woman of affairs. She has J Mc-Vick- f; ,-- er The Utah State Fair, held at the Exposition building and grounds, in this city was opened October 2, 1900, by Secretary James A. Hammond, in the absence of the Governor with an immense audience. The Fair lasted through the week and was thronged most of the time. The. weather for one or two days was rather unfavorable, yet the showing of attendance was good. The cattle, horses and poultrv surpassed other years, and the mineral exhibits were fine, and also in some" other departments the excellence of workmanship and of articles excelled previous exhibits; but in art, education and textile industries the exhibit was notwhat it should have been to show the material progress that has been made in these special lines. No pains was spared, however, on the part of 'the presi. . 