The church has 'been the State church -. Free .SUe. if they lelt they could 1S35. The.. Heroounde Dapper brar: FtmlUh toM tiif-In the church is a result of a disagree:".- officers, has just' commenced, and promises expect nothing iroin them nor help. 'over the singing of hymns dt:rl" ' One iS4 the Boers'had such a desperate kitile 1SS3 to be, a lively One. Engligiousservice.. The Dof)pers ltd. bv ij V," pleasing feature of the campaign in Utah ;with the Matabele that tliey implored will be thai a number of wuinen rwill 12 land for assistance, but in vain. The Bxts Paul peacefully withdrew, be were, then curnpelled to establish a govern- - congregation oftheir own,, and tbe.'uy candidate for important offices. It is today progressive facipu proceeded to sing hvn:7' hoped they will receive the support of every menthol" .their own, which which tlie Dopperso declared was extreir in 'that of the Oratige. Free State. voter in the State, "especially of the women, Since that memorable day when the worldly that ' our lady candidate.-;- ' may. come off The great festival in, the Boer's calvr. victorious in the coining political struggle. British 'flag was hauled dp.wi from the flag and is that of Nachtma&l or Communion, v.h?cb btaff.at Bi ;em:'ontein fort," the Biitish Salt Lake City entertained a large num'l ber of strangers during the month of Boers' have not bx-- very friendly, aud the is generally held in Pretoria the latter part August. The six biennial sessions of the British regret that their flag is. absent from of .the year. It, behooves every But t The Boers will yield their lives journey "to the capital once a, year to'artakf head camp Woodmen of the World, which i the fort. Pretoria then becomes tlie was held here, brought several hundred. before they will allossf it to be raised again. cf Communion. . re-isNoA-herthe 'American Mecca of all .Boers, the pretty litile villa' in The great, Eastern newspaper- league representatives also visited us, and many othei public admired so much outside of its is filled to overflowing with pilgrims tht:r Bofh the wagons and cattle. Those living in the tourists. The visitors were unanimous in own couritrwas in South Africa. part of the country are oblitd to start sounding the praises of oir beautiful city j Transvaal and Orange Free State constitu-- ; and its hospitality. turns are patterned after the United States. several weeks before the '"Xachtmaol" in The clubs of the city are resuming their South Africa is a modified counterpart of the order to be there at the appointed' time....... instances. me .sessions and are taking up their winter-work- , United States. It differs in some features in many journey to and fn.ni renuires six weeks. Thev. rnmnj , ;.', iu; the work being along the lines of the but has the same general fouulation. advancement of woman, and the improveThe president is elected for five years open square in the center of town' surroundment of mankind, wjiich is the motto of and oversees the .Executive Council which ing the old brick church, Svhieh to them is The Kx-- ! the most sacred edifice in the world. const'itutesthe real government. our own Press Club. . ecutive Council consists of three heads of Ella W. Hyde. Transvaal and South Africa without a of unofficial members six .and departments description of Stephanus Johannes faults the officials are These nine Raad. First the Krtiger, would be like the play of Hamlet SOUTH AFRICAN SITUATION. that and treaties of all authors laws, policies with IlamleLleft.out. Kruger is a man. of There are Volkraad. to V. the are P. C, ;v;.'. jud at the l proposed 3!,. Vf.: absolutely no education, although, he his first our iike the the two Volkraads, Senate, applied his inherent abilities so as to be able Madame Chairman ami Ladies: second like our House of Representatives, to acquit himself of his high office in a far less with power. In commencing my paper upon the .but manner to be envied by niany who hive of Raad consists Tiie First 27 members, situation in South Africa, I shall have to enjoyed a hundred times as many adlw and fur the must and people, they Since his youth he has a give you a long synopsis of the Transvaal elected vantages. A iii naturalized he born the country. and Orange Free State: Since two years leader among the countrymen. His personis Boer to the The House., when Upper Lord Kitchener ineligible crushed the ago, ality is most unique: he impresses one as Dervishes at Khartoum; the all absorbing popular opinion is that a naturalized citizen being a king in the garb of a farmer; a topic has been the war between the Boers takes less iuterM in the affairs of the coun- - genius in a dunce cap; an awkward country anil the British in South Africa. try. The. First Raad was established in man in store clothes, with a silk hat in The early history of the Boers of South 1S35, the Second Raad in 1S90.' This was tended for some one else; his coat is far too in order that the Uitlanders might have small to meet around his Africa has its parallel in that of the, Pilcorpulent body 'aud . in affairs the of the who govern-mentlanded When representation grims onPlymouthRock. his trousers seem to have a natural ' All members are obliged to wear for his shoes. He is' uncouth in hisantipathy the boat load of pilgrims left England to manner, black clothes and white ties. come to America aud found the freedom is suspicious of every stranger and e All are court conducted in a of Dutch and number .proceedings they sought, He is slow to make Iriends, but once the and none Dutch but Dutch from language France, refugees Huguenots, departod he trusts a person, volumes of proof are .from Holland about the same time for speaking lawyers are admitted to practice at neceesary before he alters his opinion. He similar reasons, and decided to seek their the bar. never forgets a good deed and never parfortune and religious freedom at the Cape ' The Boer of today is a man who loves dons a man who does a bad one, of Good Hope. solitude above all things. He and his the majority of his countrymen The experiences of the two colonies were ancestors have' euioyed the chief1 spirit ol areAlthough of Dutch or Hueguenots ancestor)ke is somewhat similar. Our Pilgrim Fathers .the early settlers of South Africa for so long a German. His paternal ancestors emigrated had the Indians, and the Dutch had the that it is his greatest delight to be' to South Africa in 1713. Paul was bora Hottentots and Bushmen to contend with. Boers the a are Physically October 10, 1S25. superior race His remarkable vitality ' Notwithstanding- - all their trials and the roving existence, the life in the open and capacity for hard mental labor are the tribulations everything was air and the freedom from cares, all combine results of rthe great care which he has bewith the Boers until France was obliged to to make the Boers almost physically perfect. stowed upon himself and the regular habits cede to England the South African .settlecan stand of amount They any pain and he has followed for twenty years.. He rises ment which had been acquired with the discomforture and can live for a remarkably at half past five every morning and'follows r C T i' oi iionanu. Jiven- men the long time on the smallest quantity of food. a amiexauon dedaily program from which he never settlers belie vd their" deliverance from A Boer can subsist on a five pound piece of viates unless he is awav from home. He is a had but their hopes were "Biltong" (beef that has been dried in the arrived, tyranny' soeechmaker of ordinarv abilitv: he speaks lived. short The British ruled the sun until it is as hard as a stone) for ten or only without preparation, indulges iu no flights colony as they had been taught in London, fifteen days without suffering any pangs ofl of that is oratory, uses.. plain language ana allowed no local impediment to swerve Hunger. In time of war . t. is the understood iuc in "Biltong" is His all. speecn by them from their course. principal diet in army rations. Taal which bears the same relation dialect, The Boer settlers had opinions of their The religion of the Boers is one of their to the Dutch language as the low German own and oitteriy opposed tue liritish rule. chief characteristics; it comes first and war has It England had been wise in her maneuvre uppermost in their thoughts. The Oldis does to the high German. This been a terrible strain' on his nervous and understood the country and people betTestament is the pattern he strives to folvitality "and he has been obliged to forego ter, and had been careful'to send "out only low. He reads from its pages every day, and the habits of a lifetime. Instead of retiring sensible and sympathetic menthere would when he wishesto cattle with his at seven o'clockit has often been one or two exchange probably never have been any "trouble neighbor or give his daughter in marriage in the So exhausted has, he been, She insisted on the use of the English he consults the OkL; Testament, and finds that it morning. is with difficulty that he has climbed language; she altered the system of the therein the advice thai is applicable to the to his bed. I say climbed, for he has an court and' local government, reducing the situation. The State controls the church from rights which the people enjoyed. and again the church controls the State. It ancient Dutch bed which came This bed with the first Jacob Kruger. In 1853 the Boers, (the Boer means is necessary for a man to become a factor in is (fiye feet from the floor and is reached by feriner, or peasant) sacrificed; their farms at religious affairs before he can become Of anr a stairway. whatever price they could secure and emi- political importance. The Dutch reformed (To be continued.) rattd" to u:e The campaign for' the. election of. aprrii;-den- t of the United States, and1 also. local and-interestin- Oran-- e v-'- ' g : and--staru- - is-t- cm-bodi- ed . . l-- r n . i . ; I e - the-wor- - ld I j ' ' re-mo- te - T - . t - : 1 f j j . j : U-e- . r . . ery-bod- y. . " ' let-alon- very-favorabl- T 1 1 1 - - ' e . . . - ; w Hol-laij- d " . . 