WOMAN'S EXPONENT. lunula Smith had come on this visit with her husband with very Ihtle preparation, and Sifter Emory w.as proud to divide with . hcr the new goods she had expected to make up for her trip to visit her parents. There was so The days passed swiflty. Sister much to tell and so much to "hear. Kmma for so they called her knew all about the visions and manifestations of lie?' huslhnd, and was never weary of repeat in ir these wonderful, incidents to Sisttr Emory, many came to her neighbors and friends-foChristisje'and to' hear of the new faith. nas came very soon, in less than a week and Emma, and after the arrival though'the day was not 'celebrated then ami j.u.t usance Uiai Will. all in-prevails nowadays; yet there were gifts and feasts and charities of a simple character, and kindly feeling among peoples of all "classes, and all religious faiths. Think if yon can .what it meant to these people to have a prophet with thtmi on Christmas day after so many hundreds of years that no direct revelation had been given, and they had. been told that there would be no mofe, "the canon of scripture . . . r of-Josep- h ' - was full. The Lord had indeed been' mindful of them' and 'they listened entranced day after day 'to Joseph and Emma as theyi recounted th'i thrilling events that had transpired since the promulgation of the truths received from on high, and the indignities heaped upon them and the persecutions they had been - made to endure To those who are living now and are acquainted with the leaders of the Church, who are men of years, grown gray in the, service of tlr,T,ord, it is scarcely posfibl them realize how- very young the Prophet Joseph was when he commenced the great work of this dispensation. . When . the Church was organized first he was not yet twenty-fiv- e years old; 'and just before - the Christmas following that event he had barely reached his quarter of a century. It really seems incredible that a youth, a mere boy, could have accomplished so much in so short a time. Assuredly it is marvelous; and the time will come when the world will acknowledge his wisdom, and the influence he has- exerted in this century, now so nearly cira wing to a close. To be associated in a slight degree with Joseph Smith was sufficient to inspire one ' with his (Superiority to other men, even his to make - . - be wondered at ttiat all those living now who remember him, should testify to the influence and power he carried wherever he wasseen,. no matter at what time nor in what place. Nothing could be more beautiful than the early, life-oJoseph Smith. 'In his manner he was gentle and kindly, arid hewas always affectionate to his- friends, and at times demonstrative. He was strong and. ardent in his nature and" valued highly the quality of sincerity in friendship. lie was manly to an unusual tender-hearteas degree, yet a woman on occasions. In his. tastes he was literary as well as spiritual, fond of the drama, of music and of poetry. , A very dear friend of mine Who knew the Prophet intimately when she. was a child, assured me she had repeated poetry to him by the hour, and that "she had known him to shed tears9 ..A tl f uuen neanng some ..speciaiiv nne vocai is not to " " - d ' . : 1 -- music, particularly songs and ballads. With such noble characteristics it is not. strange that he was . so intensely beloved. . :'r old-fashion- ed ' ( - Blessed is the home wlfere such men find welcome: thrice bless-- d those' "who are I commend your earnest attention to; the . paper, and bid you good day for privileged to entertain prophets and men of t 1. o r DUMKSTIC'SKRVICK . And therefore wV- repeat that to sit down to a Christmas feist unexpectedly with a man of destiny is far greater than anv material gift of tins world's goods. Such privileges are only vouchsafed to the few: yet Christmas is the time to rdis-- opportune . ... - l..ll.mt... f.1. ji.n- innMiue aim lo'saare witn oinersf our frier.ds and neighbors, the good kind Providence bestows, and to show our appiecia-tioin some genuine and substantial way for those' of. our own household, if we can do no more; bat if possible extend a helping hand to those less aide, to entertain, not as a" PROIJ'LKM; - . - - t W - t - . 1 gifa n charity, but graciously," that their Christmas-ay be one of good cheer and kindly fellow' ship. The Savior came with Peace and Good Will to a. I men. lie 'brought life and salvation, to all who obey His commandments.- It was tiie beginning a new-timfrom which we :da'te our years, now numbering Nineteen Hundred in a few He moie days, as time is nov calculated. gave us the (h)lden Rule, "To do unto others as we would have, them do unto us." In this century the Gospel he. taught has been restoied again to eartli by Joseph Smith, whose mission was greater "than any other man .or prophet since the days of the Savior and His Apostles. And the name " and jame cf the great Prophet of the Latter-dadispensation s!;ouId be kept before the children of the Latter-daSaints, the name be spoken with reverence among this people. v The children oluveuoogh to appreciate the fact, and thoughtful generally, will be sure to remember that this Christmas 'is more unusual than any they have celebrated heretofore, because it is the last in the century and commences the last one of the two thousand years since the birth of Christ. The Christmas seventy years ago, the first one after the Church of the Latter-da- y Saints was organized; though littie thought of then, ' was really an eventful, one. Sometimes we pass over, almost unconsciously the events that in alter years' prove to have been the. most important turning points in history, and it is only iu looking backward that we recognize e veil afterwards their significance. ' . Aunt Em. , - y y . pl-opl- e . m We no longer try to dodge' this question which is perplexing all housekeepers at the present time, for we would still have thefact starmc- us in the face to the consterna tion of . all who . 'desire to live in homes, that . . there is certainly a mouunent going on which some one has designated as The We have all passing of the servant girl." read columns of stuff on this subject, (some of it funny and more of it almost tragic), in our eager and determined desire to discover, a cure for this .disease which has gathered us all' in its clutches 'lijke an epidemic. Hack of all this seething unrest in the Jio d world may the cause not be found in three1 stupendous facts ? Is not one of them due to the recently opened door iu the business world which has not only allowed all women to enter, but has made the' path so easy that nnny have forced their waj' in, to the sacrifice of their own abilities? Let us dwell for a moment upon this peculiar phase of the present situation the voman in business and in consequence the recognized depletion in the ranks of housekeepers as well as household wage earners. First, however, let us be perfectly clear on this subject and not confound the women who 'have fore d themselves into the business world iieedbss'.y and unfittingly, with the busintss woman who has learned to make .herself so liuvaluable in whatever niche of affairs uhe has secured for herself by ability and perseverance for which she is now receiving all due recompense. There is always a good market for skill and brains and tact in every department of wage earning. Therefore, we have to do with the .women who have rushed into business purtheir claims with an suits and avidity worthy of our Oklahoma settlers, and not thevre!iable, capable, earnest business women which this progressive nineteenth century has brought - - i use-hol- pre-emple- d level-heade- d, 'forth. If we may believe the signs cf the times as depicted in recent magazine and newspaper articles, we need hardly trouble, ourselves a great deal about this large ariny of incompetents. One writer facetiously claims a speedy return of the prodigal daughter into lie safe but neglected harbor of home life, wliich showr that in the economic relations of the world of business there is no DOMESTIC SCIENCE DEPARTMENT. room for sentiment. Just as soon as the supply of efficiency equals the demand, the SUSA YOUNG GATES. incompetents in business pursuits will It is with great pleasure thai I greet the be crowded out, and they will then be forced readers of, the Kxpon.ent here in this parnaturally with regret, to learn the sad decree, ticular corner which shall be ours. to discuss some one has put so tersely, that "women some of the problems which interest women who are eager for a career must remember We may exchange that ignorance and inefficiency in the home in their homes. recipes and methods, and, too, we shall are not good recommendations for the busiconsider manyl of; those home topics which ness life for which they long." Nearly all just now are so popular and which engage-s- of the holes in commercial life are square and much attention from the scientific and we must admit that tte average woman is so' economic world. by education, heritage But, beat with me, dear sister, we'shall wel rounded that she has a natural fitness for not enter too deeply into the grave question the many-sidephases of' home life.SNTever-theles- s we mustcmphasize the statement, at of economics, at least,- not at present;' but we shall discuss some practical .phases of the risk- of repetition, that the average woman seeking for a place in the world of home life and home uplifting.. commerce must not.be confounded 'with the , as the TTa nF "by the business vvoman7f wTioerhaps Has a family to firstimperi brilliant President 'of the N. II. E..A., who support and at least a pardonable desire for a herself is deeply - interested' jn our Western home to have and to hold. When our problems,7 while she as yet has never been young women show that degree of self- - . reliance and capability which this business West ot the Mississippi. o and-environme- , nt 1 d - ' " - . ' ,. - . - 