WO MAX'S EX PON FNT. hot partake of the right spirit and have'the letter only, then we'o wrong. "If each sister here wtfrinakeaip her mind to 'bring some one ehe here with her for your I echo all next conference she can do it. of respect :and love for the 'the agul sisters and for all the sisters who are faithful. After all is sai and done it is the faithful mothers in Zion that make" the faith' s ful children." President Home felt very thankful fur the good words irom our brethren. ..."Re-- J member what has been said and profit by it." Also felt grateful to the si timers. Adjourned Conference "until December i. Singing, Benedic"O Go'.j, our help in ages past." we do GRANITE STAKE. blessings thai were in store for the faithful The first conference of the" Relief Society sisters, and said the will of the Lord, will of the Granite Slake of Zi.cn was held at; teach us patience. Spoke of Noah's day when he was building the Ark', his patience, the MiU Creek meeting hoiiKe,. 1, August Then came iyoo, Couus-'IMary V. YounprcsidiiiK; perseverance and obedience. Meeting-- opened at ten o'clock a. in. his' reward and the perishing of those Who Related a dream Slngipg, IIow firm a foundation." Prayer disobeyed and sinned. inIn- CNainseigr James R. Miller. "Singing, which a sister had who had been very different, in taking any part in the .Relief "The Spirit of God." On the .st.1nd were Counselors Mary P. Society; but would help with money and Voting, and Katharine II... Brock bank, Maria kind Words. The Lord .saw the good in and Arineda S. Young, of the" this woman and permitted he'r to 'have this She thought she was in heaven in Granite Stake Relief Socir-tyalso Counselor dream. James R. Miller and 'Stake Clerk Thomas a large, pleasant room and felt quite satisfied and happy with the comfortable and Alston a id Assistant Superintendent Richard Home, of the Sunday School. Throngs of people pleasant surroundings. tion vbyXounselor Clara C. Cannon. were to and fro. A very few passed All the presidents of wards were present her passing Augusta W. Grant, Sec. an(L.wcJit' through a doorway 'which excepting Mountain Dell. Tiic secretary called the roll, showing was opened slightly a short distance. ahead of her. She began to be anxious and deOBITUARY. tjiirty.one ward officers present and four sirous of seeing what was in the other room. Stake officers. The secretary read a brief MkV AI.MIW 'WAiKISS. outline of the conference at: Mill Creek,, As the door opened she caught a glimpse inside. It was so beautiful and glorious Si.sic-Mary Aknina Wntkius parsed this where the new Stake of Granite vas organ' "life Aprjl As she , f over six after an .ilhu-sized with the Relief Society and the other' she thought she would enter. She was the daMghicr .f John .and jnor.ths. organizations, January 2S, 1900, 'also noted arose and started thatway a hand was laid Louisa Parker Jlanmsond, 'ynd was !rnc at the visiting tour of the president, Frank V. upon her shoulder and a voice said, ''You Tranklin Co Xew York, December 4, She was l.apti;.ed when a ehihr, her parents having Taylor, to in the new Stake, as c:uuot . enter there. It recpiires a greater everyward embraced the Gos;cl in the carlv davs of the Relief Society president and officers were work than you have done before you can left their home and joined tLe honored with .the enter there. This left a great impression They privilege of accompanying with her and she took hold Kirtland company. Circu:nta:iees did nut permit i the Relief him with all the other, officers in ttie Stake; t!:ern to reach Xauvoo nntil i.;42. There she was ..married to William S. Watkins read the account of the . number of Stake Society aud all other goodwoiks with much December 4., i S44. interest and earnestness. thev enjoyed the officers' meetings since the Stake was organassociation of the Prophet Joseph "Smith and his Brother Holm: "I am happy, my brothfive in number; the visits President brother, Hyrum, and passed through' the sorrow ized, ers and sisters, to live upon the earth and and persecution endured bv tile Saints at the time Kmma Woodruff with her officers had made We have of their martyrdom'. 111 the different wards were at Taylorsville, belong. to the Relief Society.In many in this conference who have sacrificed May 8, 1900; South Cottonwood,--Maijh they left Nauvooand Ik-r-in 1S4S located-nea17; Kanesville. Council blurt's. and sat by the side of the sick. We they rethained Ih'g Cottonwood, May 23; Mill Creek, June pleasure iS52when crossed the they must realize that great responsibilities arc. ptil plains, arriving" Hast Mill Creek, June 13; Granger in Salt.Xake City, Utah, September 12, of that, 12; weighing upon usand we must do them if Just a few days prior to enterine; the Salt June 15: Mountain Dell, July 15.' The re-year. we get in that room Brother Home spoke Lake Sister Watkins gave birth to a rt wa s accept ed . of. I rejoice to visit, the sick and the poor. . The statistical and 'financial report of the Afterwards they located in JU Cottonwood in Ihe Lord blesses us because vc take cure oi six was read. months and last what is known now as the approved. Ih.Uiday settlement. Counselor Mary P. Young cailtd on the the poor. The poor are given us to look They moved from there to brigham Cit in r ;oi, at wnien place she resided until her 'death.. Shito report their respective' wards. after. To have the Spirit of the Lord in presidents was associated with the order of celestial our souls is better than all else. God loves marriage B. President Sarah Gibson reported aud proved a faithiul. loving helpmate to her bus the nure in heart, the meek and the lowlv." )and and family. Twelve children were born to Suj;ar Ward; President Stevenson, Forest Siister Mary B. Hamilton was pleased to her. nine of whom were President Sarah A. Turnbow, living at the time rf her Dale; (.taui, and an ot them are members of the Church Farmers Ward; President Elizabeth Hill, welcome alJ present in behalf of the Mill waikins served as a teacher in the Relief Mill Creek; President Ann Kliza B. Neff, Creek Ward and extend an invitation for Society ot lingham City from its lirst organization them to partake lunch prepaied in a taitil the city was divided into wards in i;0-- , she Kat Mill Creek; President Emily W. was then chosen President adjoining room. Big Cottonwood; This Stevenson, president of the 4th ward. Counselor Mary P. Young made a few position she held up to the time of her death, She Mary Rawlins," South Cottonwood; Presiwas always found faithful to her trust and was a dent MargareC Carruth, Murray Branch; elosinn remarks and referred to our pnr.d comfort and a help to those-isorrow or need. It J'resident Elizabeth meeting anu uie many goou instructions was always a Pixton, Taylorsville; To her to be ar her testimony delight mat naa oeen given, sue moveu mat a to the divinity of the mission of Joseph Smith and President Mary E. Porter, Granger; Presivote of thanks be extended to the singers to tell of her. life and Hunter. Charlotte dent Nielson, good works to the young ' aud the youtig brother who spent" his time people reexcellent of sisters these Iaeh gave Ihe following' resolutions were urianimouslv in leading the singing, which vvus carried ports. a at aiupted recentmeeting of the Relief Society of UK- 4th ward of Counselor Mary P. Young: "We visited unanimously. lirigham City: Meeting adjourned until 2 o'clock p. ill. Mountain Delf about two weeks ago. The Benediction by Elder Thomas Alston. .RESOLUTIONS OF RESl'KCT. people are in a very- scattered condition. in-- . Continued.") t'rtas. Our IT The president has sold her property and iiis infinite love and mercv to call home our beM . . . . i. t J lenujs 10 move away, loved president, .Mary Almina Watkins, therefore, Brother Hill, of Mill Creek, favored us U. W. P. C. That thc'Relief Society death .nas lost a staunch and "The the with beautiful Holy City," song, one who valiant worker, was ever Minutes of meeting of the Utah Woman'3 Counselor James R. Miller said: Vlt gives ready to give a helping hand and cheer-.mword to. those in need. me pleasure to meet with the sisters of the Press Club held at the Exponent office That we, her associ.-itr" losf fmhful C- x 011 President Aimee first in 1900,conference, Relief their, 31, August Soeiety loving Sistert and that we will miss her wise Schiller m the chair. Prayer by Phebe C. jouusel and advice, but we feel that our loss will will imorove from time to time. Next year w her gain. you will be better than this year, and so on. Young. Roll called. A letter was then fI hat we present a copy of these resolutions to I like the from the sisters think read pertaining to year . books, froni the reports ner bereaved husband and family to express out thev "have all been well reported. God secretary of the Federation, corresponding , e and of also.that her appreciation works, good d copy be forwarded bless the sisters of Granite Stake and all secretary instructed to answer if. . Memto the Woman's Exponent ur Publication bers present paid ten cents tax for Feder- -' and a cony- Tjc placed on iile in the other Stakes. ward record Elder Richard Home said:' "I a 121 pleased ation reception. A paper on the Transvaal Wilde". Sarah J. and glad I came. . You have given in gopd war, by Euella M. Rhodes, proved to be an ETirMA K. Ckawfoki), Current events were given reports. I have" taken note and have seen excellent one. Counselors. sismanner in an interesting by Ella W. Hyde. Lizzie Wright, many sick in my mind today and these was Mrs. discussed by Mrs. Rhodes' paper ters going among them, I feel to say God Secretary. C. Adeline Parker. Young and, others. bless these good sisters, for they have laid Phebe Asst. Sec. ; "comMiss Helen Margaret Ring, the guest of. their hands on many a fevered brow to Maria Hansen. fort and bless." He spoke of the great the evening, a newspaper woman of Denver, Treasurer. . ' -- I I or -- I - - . -- -- ; . . J . r fn-j- s Ma-lon- - e, th?-Churc- , - To-et- her y ( e p dan-lit- er. - of-th- e . ' . . . - - 1 , Ai-solvt't- in-he- r " g - h.-w- o .1 - . - , i.i. . . ; - ' , . 1 -- 0 1 