WOMAN'S KXPQNKNT. 'affair-waa, most agreeable recreunderstand. Assuredly itwoul4 ?etm the and the whose-timis ation to those Lord has come out oPl'lis hiding' constantly err in special service to benefit and b!c'ss been have who. on ployed thxsc. vengeance We acknowledge dfsobedient unto His 'commandments and the living and the dead. EMUIil.iSli ll. WELLS, Editor anl Vubluher. ' with sincere thanks an invitation to bone have held Him in dishonor ami scorn, These fire the signs of the times that are of thejiumerous guests ot the occasion' and' .in S.ilt Lak- - City, Uu?.. A'A" of as. ushering in the coming of .the regret that circumstances prevent-- d' our one cufjv 6rv f.v, $ ,00; uu cj;v itiuMb, spoNt-f ;r c!u!ii. lc'i'- No rrii'.ict on in Son of Man. 'Therefore, it b. hooves the making one of such a delightful party. ..... City 50 cts eml-bhuil, extra, fr f.U! on.c yr.ir, 25 cs, Latter day Saints who have been warned Mrs. "Mary Urquhart Lee, the teacher and forewarned of the-- e disturbances to"' Advertising rites; K..b i'i;ur tir !:ri;s ot noip'.iri! . .v ..rr.u draw ncurao the Lord in humility and "Parliamentary Law and the Cultivation 0j mu:;T.. sp ice one i,Hfi ,i.yj; Voice and other .Medim',l c the rrgul.ir a.ivtTtiS'-'is"'UtJ ' faith, thai they may claim the promise that J v f Speaking" n cc win " !c in t ll o t i o f L the destroying angel shall p'ass them by. cft'tve Koom ?o3 'I VmpNtn, South T'in;V The terrible' citastmphe- at Galveston and has c'rasses daily in 'both these depart Street: Jii:bin"s liut:rs from m ,i. m. tu 5 p. in., every ments of her work. Mrs. Lee is a delight. ' (iay, except Sunday. cannot fail to make men's hearts sicken to be associated with eveu'iura ful great city full of .life and of wealth time.personHer methods are A'Mre-:nmunit at ns tc .ill bu' lnoss entirely new swept away by the tempest in a few brief Her talks art' in. Mrs. K. 1$. WKI.I.S, hours, like a visitation of the wrath of the seemingly very, original. tensely interesting. ." She has awakened Cu v, UrAH. 'Almighty. Thcbravest 'men. and women Salt an interest among club women and naturally- shrink- from witnessing such quite and her tlrills in organized clasps fearful suffering, arid .yet truly noble are others, at the tnt Oue in Silt Lite City, I tah. as those, who, though tender and sympathetic, are quite wonderful. She spares no pains. t; S'ioiJ-i'Lvoider make the classes attractive aiul to demon, ordinarily unable to endure the siht of extreme distress, go to the rescue stiate clearly her ideas ot physical perfection a St r. Oct. Svlt 15, i, iqoo Utah, of their fellow beings in times of their in grace and.pnise. ICven a few lessons are helpful, and to those wdio take a full course direst need' WOMEN'S MEETINGS. The Red Cross Society, with .the great, must be decidedly beneficial. Mrs. Lee is a noted authority" on Parliamentary Law in The regular annual business meeting, ot magnanimous'' Clara Barton at their head, so the National Woman's Relief Society will lost no time in going to the scene of the America, andmuch so that several newsmen lawyers have at times joined be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Galveston calamity.. And though .Miss paper She gives the most essential her classes. Monday, October i',t at two o'clock p. in. Barton succumbed to physical weakness All officers and members of the society are andjiad to be taken to her home, yet the points that she has acquired by eais'of The study and experience in teaching cordially invited to attend and participate in work she hadjlanued will be executed ho- 'women of Salt Lake may' congratulate lier able' assistants; and though it may be the business of the meeting. tin's themselves fine opportim- upon having K. B.' Wi:ij.sf Secretary. utterly impossible to reach all ."cases of sickness and destitution, "yet it is good 'to ity of being taught by one so accomplished The General Conference of the Relief know the milk of human' kindness flows in .style and manner, so brilliant m converSociety will 'be held in the Salt Lake still in the breasts of many ''thousands of sation and so bright and sparkling in all her men and women,' who esteem it a sacred ways as to give one the impression that she' Assembly Hall, in this city, on Thursday; October 4, meetings commencing at 10 a. duty to minister and succor those whom is in love with life and brave enough to has- - overtaken 111. and 2 unawares, face all its vicissitudes. Mrs. Lee is vigorp. m. It is desired that there misfortune in Iter and so fulfill thelaw- (if Christ, "Bear ye ous and should be a large attendance of the mem' mankind--andviews of world the a of bers, and that each Stake organization one another's burdens." She is pleased should be represented by its- president, or It is quite impossible to go into the de- thorough cosmopolitan. ' Salt is with Lake and it to be regretled she some one authorized to act for her. A tails of the outrages, atrocities and crimes cannot stay longer in Utah. cordial invitation is extended to the Bishops perpetrated by fiends in human form durnnd all broth ren interest ed iti the welfare nf ing the last few months in foreign lands. On Friday, September 21, an At Home ilie society, also the Y. I. M. L A. and .Que cannot help echoing the words of Uve .was given by Sister Priscilla Jennings which Primary Association. poet, Cowper W.lS a most PrnovnhlH o orqtliprinrr nf- .rhairf Zina 1). H. Young, soul is sick' with every day's report " "My sisters Her elegant rooms rere brightened - President. Of .wrong and outrage with- which earth is filled.'' with autumn flowers and leaves, the Utah Jank S. Riciiakds,. sunflower being, perhaps, the most, con- liATHsniinA V. Smith, . w oman s s Exponent. e place-to-tak- e , u 'T-ii)- : ' ! i -- j..ij-r- . -- . t - . . r-- l K.XI-on'EN- - - '. for-fear- s 1: . - . Lakk-City- . . . ' self-possesse- broad-minde- d, d . - - t- Sarah B. . J en nk Cannon, Counselors. Weijs; Secretary. 'The " many remarkable, t vents transpir in world at the present time cannot "the ing fail to impress any one c f a thoughtful habit of mindv ith a deep feeling of awe .and solemnity,- to say the least, and to a religious nature' the tendency must be towards the cultivation of a higher spiritual Saint it is like life; and to the Latter-dathe opening of a series of prophecies the fulfilling 'of which we have been,told from year to year and from time to time. Only during the present yearthe close of the nineteenth century, pause and consider how niany telling eveiys have taken place, and in view of the dire consequences "of these occurrences thinkr what disaster, famgrief and fatal ravages' ine, desolation affildeath, carrying off millions of human beings, while the careless and indifferent: still pursue the pleasures and pastimes hour, heeding not the are that judgment sweeping the earth with, devastating floods and fires and plagues, and they ee' not neither ,do thev y -- -- of-the -- I It .was with sincere reoret that u - Inrm-of the illness of our beloved "friend and woman's benefactor, Miss Susan B. Anthony, and we hope and Trav and trust that ere this' she has entirely recovered. Miss Anthony's name is a household word in the United States ' and across the sea she is held in" reverence and honored everywhere, in the. mansions of the great and noble of, the lanis, and in the cottages of the- people.America has reason to be justly proud of a woman who alone and d .- A MOST EVENTFUL YEAR. lmve-'folTowe- EDITORIAL NOTES. . -- - single-hande- d ' - has-carri- out such a ed re- markable destiny and carved along with her thousands of other women, wJio.Tuit 'for' the paths she' has broken' over rough and untrodden ways,' might never haveVttained t0 the higher views of life's perspective where they can look out into the broader fields ofhuman .liberty and higher pro-gressio- n. ; d; . , Tuesday, Septeniber5, Pre;idei.t Lorenzo, Snow gave the brothers and' sisters in the Temple work, an excursion to ' J" by .invitation Presidents George Qrtannon and Smith and several of the AposUes and others joined the party; Kvcrythmg.passed off pleasantly en-gage- ;ich -- JosF. d -j -0 fessiofial musicians added to the pleasure s of the afternoon. Of the sixty-seveissued- to the sisters nearly all' were present to partake of the cprdial hospitality of the hostess, whose tact and geniality make her "Tete and Parties" interesting and thoroughly attractive. The; meeting of old friends under such favorable arrangements for enjoyment i$ a positive luxury to the sisters who. devote themselves, their ii iuvi-tation- - time and ability to Church work charitable and philanthropic, in addition to home duties and obligation's. Among the venerable Mothers in. Israel present were Sisters Zina D. H. 'Young,- M; Isabella Horne, Bathsheba W. Smith, Klizabetli Tebb, Mary Alice Lambert and many other women whose good works entitle them to a hitrh blaco in the history- of the rj 1 Latter-daSaints. It is needless to say that' the tables were elegant in appearauce 'd fid the refreshments delicious and appetizing. President Zina D. H. Young, hy. 'request of Mrs. Jennings, pronounced the .blessing. When the guests were all seated at .the '.numerous tables, large and small, in the handsome .dining, room, and library. Mis. Jennings is an ideal hostess, and this last party' was a delightful success, as al who participated in it will certainly aree - .. y : 