fo.MA.VS HYtfN. A th. f Who ihM 'i' aid v iu 4 n:i ! li 11 Hi ' d in. l ! i A ! eU'S ;:ie. - i' a e .' i' " . e V :i il.ii c it! ' tatee 1 iie..h oc:t Aii'i hie I U . iii th- '' deeds v. ; i . - a '.--he fa :!-.-. 1 -- ; -- a v. .1 tire uen :;t. J a ,; vi j:;, I K -- ! , 1 v, iP-e'n-- '.V..' 'Itw ike - v. t i - I- -- Z-.-- 'i - f , aiehuR-n- lave SahiN ill (ia: kened ill hill V lu : v ' , ihe - will Je si!-- Kr-- s.-t- - . e ye s - ..;!.',:.: 1'- 1i! 1 - ia-r:- : yur 11 h "lis Hi. eaihiie: and have pourul forth bless A ( H THE RISE AND PROGRESS OF THE . . RELIEF SOCIETY. j l the poor, and b - have received their Vin return. li" were tiie pinners ? I can count out of the laniilies of the first members of the ChTrfc;h, 'and st)me few are acting now. They .should erelievtil by younger sisters. And I repeat Joseph Smith's words': "(heat will be your reward in the celestial kingdom, and those who have passed be hind tlie veil yes, the angels -- will be your assistants to help you to follow up yur lineage to u eld the link of parantage aiul bio d kinship to piepa.e them for the m.lietmiuu: reign. Your work has ex-- I tend-and Usefulness to every Stake and branch ui the Church, which be-- ! peaks the approval of divine authority. Makv Ann M. Pratt. ' -- I - I am nut able by sickness to attend i :he Relief Society meetings with my sisters, ! t'nunt I would employ my pen to vi:'e a short essiy. Smith, the prophet uf tlie l.L was the first, to organize a Relief S .'detv in this lat dispensation of the ful- f times. I will here quote a lew imes iroui his teachings to the Relal j ; j u' ! -! , March 16, - 1 i t I this time henceforth. This is the beginning of better days to the poor and needy, who .shall to rejoice and pour forth blessings on your heads." Fiiid this September be-mad- e . iirthe-KxroNKNT- - , . . n, 1900, S'uhdiy exer- the opening After 10 a.m.i"- ClsCS lilsk vSiaue.. imin- "i School and. some of the General Board were Remarks, instructive and in introduced. teresting were made to officers, 'teachers and The - children marched Xu their children.. . different classes in excellent order, accoiii-The panied with very pleasing music. and were arranged in groups Ward,. February t in-a- i ' ' 1 Wood r nil. The Relief Society president of Sugar Ward, Sister Sarah R. Gibson, expressed her love for Sister Wondrulf, a"d spoke (T her steadlastness in the Gospel from her Sister Gibson's.) tarhest recollection. President Taylor sjxke. very eneourag--inglHe expressed a deep to the sisters. interest the rosjerity of the work in this the new Stake. Counselor Miller endorsed all the president had said, and made a fe .v'closing remarks. by Couns lor Julia A. Rockwood, of Sugar Waul We very much appreciated the kind and hospitable treatment t:ndertd us by the and people ot the Suar Ward. C. A. S. Yoi Ni;, Sec. fr Ri-hcp- vnj ric ANNIVERSARY c .'11 ri ei .ii'i THE i L. .v STAKE. i is it to natural natures, according your i President Fx. oik Y. Taylor is to make a r ieiinles to have feelings of charity and' You are now placed in a visiting tour aream panied by all the officers kaic.volence. lake of Zioii, v isiting sanation in wlrich vou can act according to of the Oraniie tiio.e sympathies which Gcd lias placed in every ward in th- uca Stake, leaving home If vou live up to those every' Minday moinrng m order to attend oiir bosoms. liiincioles how treat and erhrioiis v. ill be the Sundav Schools, afternoon services and rew.-irin the eplesti d kitx-doIf call a couioiut mectiu' of the Y. M. and Y. A. Ass .ciatioju hr the purpose of you live" to your privileges, the angels I. M cannot b restrained from being vour becoming better acquainted with thoneoolf the different wards. associates.' Females, if they are pure and of ' After the afternoon services a special call innocent, can come into the" presence of 'God: for what is more pleasing to God is to be made for the officers and .membetiiiu innocence?.. And I. now. turn the key bers of the Relief Society to meet and in your behalf in the name of the Lord, come acquainted with the new Stake president of the Relief Society and her officers. and' this Society shall rejoice and knowlTne first visit was made to the Sugar edge and intelligence shall tlow down from morn . .spiritual feast". Introductory speeches. vere made liv both brothers and sisters uf the Slake officers, interspersed- with sweet music-bthe choir. At the close ol the meeting, President the members of ihe. Taylor requested Relief Society to remain for a short meet-iue,- . and introduced Sister Hmma Wotd-u!i a ; nesident (d the GraiLtcSia.ke Relief She mule a few remarks, then Society introduced her counselors an secretary, each of w h un expressed a desire t be a stay and a help to their president, Sister y I th. !! I). A ie d.on.- !..: i: . i ii:;s upuo t,;e lieails .e : : ........ are . 1.5 1 There has been i mnrlrnl a it.i ...... ...... pro-leui a nil progression in our socictv Ule lavs vA NailVOO when we heard the I'j .ji'ietS jirojiiutic words. You, my h.sU-isti:e pioneers of the Relief Society . aft- tlie ,,i:es iliat the blessings fall upon; lu: at that time all- were poor and needy, a - n,il ! .; that Peter - - " ! 7,!0. : ! :its ).VL-::- 1m. tu:j-!- almV 'A a- - V'-- ! and S :cns made while" T he u:ta things th.it Dorcas :.:a :e v.,:. l'.I't. to clothe tlie otr, like' our r ..i . Muimii Keis vi a:io haye done. I know 'i great .m.ii.s. who havea lifetime boi'ing ! poor in. our Relief Society. huthtai :.'"r.i ' the Si : 1 orgamV ati'in umil ; Ce. :i'!iu rt ;ht to h!e. All' the WU'.OWS stO'Hl'hy h;iu wce'ping and showing tl:c- - coats a:u! a . , 1 MEETING AT PROVO. The members of. th". Relief dclv of the S lour wards of Provo C't approjin itely celebrated- the fiftv eiglnh anniversary of the organi. itiou of the Rebel Society, in XailVOo, I.SJ2-.- ' . nue 1114 was held in the Slake Tabernacle oil Siturday. Much 17, at 2 p, in., at After which Sister Mary John presided. A singing and uraver. a very interesting pro gram w is curat, d m as lollows: A:i address ,"ii' the organization "f the Relief S ctety. .by Sister Marilla Daniels. Items of interest in her life were given by Siter Martha Rullock. Brother James F paniels sang "Daughters of Zion." Sentiment, "The Relief Society," by' Sister M. A. Till. Address by Sister Bennett, subject "The Organ zation ot 'Women." Song, by Miss Jnlu Ramsey. Remini cences ..of the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith, taken from the diary of the late Dr Joim Riggs, by Sister Melissa Riggs Stewart: An address by Sister I)elorah Hillings. ' ' Let Song by Brother George Buries, Bygones be Bygones Forever." 'An. address by Sister Sarah Partridge. There was a goed attendance' at the meeting, and there were ten sisters present wdio had seen the Prophet Joseph Smith. After, singing the Doxologv, and prayer by Brother A J. Stewart, the meeting was adjourned for one year. -- . -- Now there are many references made to There the relief of the poor in the Ji!'u, woman is a beautiful illustration of the who uSeil the precious ointment to anoint ...i v IIIIIIIl II It t UP Haws . . io saiu tlie Savior's body. lie milCil imoieSSvU. with the exer- with uert fault found r burial." His disciples . , rrM Kindergarten class, which was Hps of tne Caroline B. Pratt. , me .woman, said it was waste , ,:U ancl interest. t, have for so "much and gi veil to After the Sunday school was dismissed intended been have tlie, poor. It might A fkw mouths ago it was. announced another room of tlie Yve were uslieyed into and it tor that purpose, but she had kept seated at tables beautifully-decorat- ed that both Houses of Parliament in West and of head building was inspired to pour it upon the Australia had passed a resolution in. favor flowers and heavily spread with a Jesus, ai,id He said "she had wrought dinner, which added to of full suffrage for women. This was an V with sumptuous this good work on Him," and wheresoever earnest '"that they would pass a "bill to that and pleasure of all present. in' the whole. the comfort 11 k. Virdorlipd was conducted by the ladns effect. as: 'soon- a the necessary red tape . dinner The , uu me.a couUr be untied. Novv the news conies f world, that should be told as a manner. Appropriate pleasing m the poor said "For ye have and that the bill has rhially- passed both her, . President were ,u notaltoasts have houses. So, one by one, the Australian always with you; but me ye wavs afternoon services were indeed a provinces join the procession. The of full women Dorcas was one of those Stave-officer- s . . T - bpr-ivn1- d . - .x 1 ' i,- 1 - . I - 3 . ' I vy V 4 - , , ..n-n- ; . T -- He-.als- o - ' 