WOMAN'S EXPONENT.: 12 befug withpiU body, parts or. passions, and I did not know what, to ?io. Kr t ha treason I. went from one sect to .another. I could not accept the' Calvinistic doctrine of electiI knew that my parents did; not on,-and At last' I Went to a 'Methodist believe it, AUTOBIOGRAPAY OF SARAH B. LAYTON. I thm thought their reSunday School. was of English'1 ligion' was more liberal than any other. William Bates, When I was thirteen, years old I dreamed descent. He" married one Elizabeth Jeffries Jn '1S16, andsettled in a small town called one. night that I was standing on a hill Sandy, in Bedfordshire, Eugland. looking toward the west, and I saw the The house in which I was born' was a world on fire, and as I .stood looking I saw snfail concrete building which stood 'near a personage coming toward me.. . I stood There still until it came to me and then it said: the St. Ives river, facing the west. was one door and a window in the front, a Xu ill shall en: r where you dwell,"On the door ,and a window in the back. co:no nfgh, Ar.-if the jL-ufirst floor were three rooms, one large room "Twill sweep the wicked tl"'.vn to hell. " and two small pantres while on the second A rvl bear the Saints on high. a one floor were, but two, large rorm and This seemed strange to me, tor at this The thatched roof, he picket large closeC tjme I had not heard anything of the Church fence painted blue and the little flower garSaints. den in which I used to spend a few spare of Jesus Christ of Latter-daI never had the privilege of going "to moments, hold a' cherished spot in' my memschool to learr. to. rea l or write but I did ory. A few years ago the rosemary trees I go to sewing school until I was fourteen planted in my youth were still growing. years old then I started to do fine needle work was outside the In the meadows, ience, - i r i .t i . She supfor a lady by the name of Pym. lovely piace, wuere l anu my Msier una my brothers whiled away our childhood hours ported, a school and gave me a chance tfgo, so for the running in the grass', and in the shade of but mother could net spare me. common s:liooling Thad practically none the old willows. I was born July 6, 1826, being the third in my childhood. I became ery much attached to the child of my parents, the others names were Ann, William Jeffries, and John Richard. Methodist belief, and wished to become a mother" My father and mother belonged to the member of their church, but my We, as children,, were objected. O.ie night" f thought" I would.go laboring class. I My and join a class, but that night took very brought up in a country village. mother was of a religious turn of mind, and sick and could not go. After that I did not n from my. earliest recollection she taught us go to their church. The lady for whom I had been sewing to read the Bible; and as I - advanced in years I took great pleasure in reading that asked me to come and join the choir in I book. I used to go miles to hear different what is called the Church- of England. for denominations preach what they called the still "continued there 'oln ' "I listen would to with time the utmost some my mother, please Gospel. to used to for but did not like she take great the Methodists, and did interest them, a sect in to to us to called in not want their church, but that listening go pleasure I for Calvinists. times me. seemed hard Many England walked over miles seven I to go to the Church of England continued have with my mother on Sunday to hear them preach, until the fall of 1S41. At. that time I One day I chanced to hear ' Apostle P. P. Piatt and before I was twelve years old. was listening tOjpne of their speakers. In Elder John Snider. They had come to his discourse he said "that little children England preaching in the interest of the who were not born of parents who were Nauvoo Temple. elected were crawling over hell1 like frogs On the thirteenth of October ol that year, and toads." Yonng a ST I was it struck ter? while on my way home from my work in ror to my soul; and I began to think if it the Hazel Hall, as that was the name of were possible that God was so unjust that the mansion where I. was working, I Was He would consign little children to such taken with a severe pain in my side, and it endless misery, I could not find was with., that "i reached my doctrine in the Bible, and from that time to home. I had a mile to walk through "a this I have never listened to any more of park covered with trees and shrubs. After I left the park gate it was a lonely road the that doctrine. , T i. 1! Al . iuui iime, 1 rememoer, mere were rest of the way home. The pain in" my" to be some races in a place' about three side was so severed felt that I could never miles from where we )ived. I had a. great reach home. From that day I did not set to desire go, but my. mother told me I could foot outside the door for about two months; she said she would take me to the hill for I "yas taken down with not go, thejtyphus fever see the people pass", there I conld and was very low for some time. conld so I I went .with One night, as I lay. very sick, I dreamed help her gather fir apples. n no took but pleasure-ihej, looking at the that my spirit left my body, I saw.mv body in nor passing people gathering the fir very plainly. Then I went and watched off I went some distance from my the sexton dig my. grave and then returned apples. ' .mother and sat down arid cried bitterly. I to the house where my body lay in the cofclosed my eyes to everything around me, fin, and watched the .men .take it on their but all at once spoke these words as plainly, shoulders. I triQiight I walked backward as ever words were spoken:.. "When" dan- all the way to the cemetery, for I was afraid thick around and are you stand, gers you they would not carry my body I beset on every hand, the Lord will be thought I walked above the straight ground," and knew everybody just as I had known them your friend, in Him put all your trust.'' From that moment T .Iriprl mv (phk nml in life. From that time I thought that my forgot all ny troubles; from that time I time had about dome to leave this earth- but tried to pray for myself. I had been I had no fear of death, as I realized tW oil taught aprayer, but that no longer satisfied must die sooner or later. I told mypoor me; for Khad been ,taught that God was a dtiu ue icu very Dad ior some time. After several weeks the doctor said the An , cri,r rilit lm A onI uiiu tl.:... juuii, uant, i"ings seemed jjjau, No one but a little brighter. my niotW was allowed to. see me for weeks The ' Miss Margaret Young, a daugljjtefcof r Major R. V. .Young;- and a great' of Brigham Young, drew the cord that released the veiling. ' - grand-'daughte- " my-fathe- r, - s . e in-la- - - see something new'; and I almost forgot rhy sicKness. .. ' V ' y . . y - l ! had sewed for used to send every about inquire my eveuingto condition, and onetime she seut me a .great treat,' tlat wai a quart of pure new milk. Iu Ktighnd pure new milk was hard to buy. In. September, 1S41, my, sitef, Ann MJX. jw.ucu . 'mon Church, and on Christmas.' day had decided to give a party to the Latter-daSaints and Elders together. ' , They Vere in good circumstances and things1 were On Christmas day my brother. arranged. came over to our. house 'with, a horse and cart, .and plenty of, wraps to take me to their home. Mother was afraid for me to go, for t was about five miles, but the weather was unusually 'fine,' and finally mother consented, or- I should not have gone. They wrapped me. up hi quilts and carried .me to the cart. I was very thankful to once more have the'privi-- ; lege of getting out in the fresh ail , and to lady (To he continued. ) . OBITUARY. - To. tli'e . par ted t his life. May 23, much-difficul- h ty . ' r-u-oui At- 4. 4. 1 1 ' . . " ( - -- - vie, u-l(- gob, ll'Aere.is, in the dispensation of Providence God has .seen fit to call home one of his daughters ho has labored long in the Relief Soeietv cause, not alone of Richfield, but having been' for fifteen, years" secretary and afterwards president of the Vermillioh ward, until her"" rem oval to Richfield, she having been a faithful member of our society and also leader of our singing. riere,ts, she )roved "herself a hard worker and... a faithful member, ever ready to do good, and she was one whose kindness and' generosity of spirit brought sunshine into many hearts," helped the needy in time of want and was in herself a iittin embodiment of her constant prayers' that she might be humble and united all that is good; there" fore be it Risoli'i-'.f- , That we her sisters of theRelief of Richfield do deeply feel her loss, neverSociety theless in this our loss we feel to bow to the mandates of an Alwise Creator who" doeth all things t well. " - any-suc- ;:euioryof Sister A'iolet - w-it- ANOTHF.R h riONEEK C.ONK. Sister Thirza Melvina Thurber departed from this life' May 9, 1900, after a severe illness of about one month's duration. Sister Thirza was born December 23, 1S36, at Dresden, . Wheaton Co.; Tennessee. She w as the daughter of Jesse' and Amelia Kerry. to Utah in 1S49 and married.. Albert K.t Thurber February 26, She-cam- if1-Afte- r their marriage they resided at, Cottonwood about, one year when they moved to Spanish Fork and lived there until the fall of 1S74. when they were ca.led U Richfield, wheic thev have since , resided. She wasthe mother of of whom survive her. All were present at eight' the funeral except A. L). Thurber who resides in Mexico. At the organization of the Stake presidency of the Relief Society of Sevier. May 25, 1S79. she vas chosen as first counselor to Sister E B. Bean, which position she rilled with untiring zeal, .ever .ready to do what was required of her in that position for nearlv twentv years. She was also a faithful worker in the Richfield ward society ; theref ore be it V , 'Resolved, That in her death we, the members of the Richfield Relief Society.' recognize the loss of a faithful coworker. Resolved, That we "extend our sympathy to the bereaved children who have been deprived of a devoted, faithful and tender mother. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be published in the. Woman's Exponent,' a copy be placed on the record of our Society and a copy be presented to the' family. ' eleven-children- . . : . " : v - . N Henrietta Wright, ' ,N ... ' . Hannaii M. Ogden. ' . 