WOMAN'S KXPONENT.. indef- aml tlii.' Board urK the people to bring Y riic:ti 'nvaril exhibits, and. .. the able and efficient . 11' cais, worsen during the tretary, ex w. nt, R- J I'i-Il0- hxi'ONHNT and read ' from it in their meetings. She felt they were improving' She rejoiced to be in Utah and in visiting this cii), it was her hrst visit here. She had only been twelve years in the Church, and she wanted, to learn concerning the work . . . . " ami io retain all she could. Mary N. James, the representative from San Juan Stake, said the sisters in JJUilT were going to build in the spring. They J had-share of material on hand, were good to of build stone, they appreciated the going USed it in their meetings. She JixrdNKx'r, - to." l CA , "v - indomitable will and per,sever- u;:ike the State Pair an unparalleled with an ;,a, to Utah. ... 1 Presfilent S.irah J. Cannon was delighted to see so many of the Mothers in Israel, Kelt we had a great deal to do and we needed' wisdom and the Spirit of the Lord to ?.id ns at all times. 'She had felt very much blest in' her labors in the Relief Society. Sim" had been much interested in the minutes of our last conference that were rend in the morning session. We must teach our children the. Go. pel, know where the'y are, do this duty aiul not leavethe others undone. Let us do all our duties, pay our lulling and be charitable. Sister Cannon remarked that she had been ...acquainted with all the" prophets since Uie days of Josejm" Smith and knew of their divine mission and teachings. President' li. V. Smitb felt happy in meeting with so many of our good sisters and hoped the time would come when we would have more, realized we were on the. increase. ."We want the young women A and young girls. I was young myself, not' ' ' twenty, when I joined the Relief Society, at We want to teach the first organization'. our children to be honest, truthful and nav our tithing, keep the Sab bath day holy and have our children attend meetings and pirtake of the sacrament. And, sisters, let us keep out of debt, not be We want to using rjther people's means. build a house for the Relief Society in this city, bring our mites together and see what we can do towards it. The Lord will bless us in our undcrtrtkings if we perform every ' I ! RELIEF SOCIETY fVERAL CONFERENCE j The General Conference of the Relief sx'ictv was held in the Assembly Hall, 'in !jj:s city, Thursday, October 47 commenc-;r,- r at ,10 a. m;, president Zina I). H. ivun Meeting opened by , 1 referred 0 the Navajo blanket she had with to her send brought by Sister Kmily S. '.Richards to the National Suffrage-IJaazanging "Now", let us rejoice," etc., led by .Mrs. Ida Daynes in New York Prof. C. J. Thomas, It was a very elegant City. Prayer by President one made- entirely by a Cannon i.ecompaniest. Navajo woman in I. iVahella Home. Singing, "Let us pray their settlement. Roll called, responses r'adlv prar," etc. President Ann C. Woodbury, St G eorge ra seVvUteen presidents, eleven counselors'! Stake, Utah, said she had visited all the other lepresentativcs viJ seven by branches m the Stake txcent the White . r r Minutes oi uie opni eonierence- read and River settlement'which we intend visiting as soon as I return home. :.pproeu. We have some Miss Lutie Orant sang a solo, very sweet- wheat on hand and are Helping in mnnv 7 ; " i "One sdemn ly, title; Sweetly directions to build up the country. Wc bought. .President Young made an "address of wel- - have been verv successful this year ii till , .. ... . . ' 4!...- - 4,. ..C 1... ' 1 111 me come anu 01 ner silk industry and we know that the words giving Mie mmcts to usual motneriy way. see of President Yon tn rejoiced trne in heir laces and appreciated their presence, sericulture. It is' an eninlovment for on r .... ..1 i. ana p;N(i upon uie sacrameui urgea those children as well as the older people and we i r Tir 'a Tiiii Til twrd a r. 'f v 01 industry ana economy mustt teacu nanus i'"j"",otthe sacrament, and to put aside King. if we exneetto he nrnsnered in nnr effnrK " . a.l unkmdnes ana they would receive the Sister Zina spoke a few words upon the Sister Zina spoke silk -industry, urtrincr the sisters to carrv out basing promised. . . r .t " " ' n teautiiUhy upon humility aim nun and the counsel that had bv Presi reverence lor those who bore the holy dent Brigham Yotiug, and the Lord would .1 . . . .... . . r..ii n ii ..'ai. iLiuaiK.i iiiai c nunc 01 add His blessing to their efforts. us know what the Lord h?s in store for us. Sister Caroline Stringam represented therefore we should be junited and humble, Uintah Stake. In her remarks she referred that we ma-- be preparedfor all the events to a revelation of Joseph Smith, the p'rophet, ef Providence, for we must "be tried in all in the Doctrine and Covenants in regard to things. those who have talents and hide them, and President Mary L: Woolf, Alberta Stake, realized that the Lord would call us to acCanada, v. as glad to see the. fces of the count for not making use of our opportunities f.ged sisteis, those whom she., had known to do good. She spoke earnestly to- - the ant bad heard of all her life. She realized young mothers upon the training of children 7ue' Were Prowm, old ind tfphlf ntul .'iwl'mrp cnnip inctnnpp-- nf linir lifr nu'ii needed the support and heln of vnnnwr methods had succeeded with voVinp- a bovs in i 41 j j voraeii. Sister Woolf felt we. as- sisters en- - her own neighborhood. souls the Felt that ' joyed tae greatest; blessings of any women of these young men were precious in the on the lhere were really no earth, m connection with Mother sight 01 the Lord. h iirjbcaring the souls .of men, though poor to be cared for in that localitybut the we.ee! very weak, sometimes. Spoke of sick were properly attended to by theRelief '.Her twelve ' children and thought tho' we Society sisters. Benedic- "light hive trials and afflictions,' we should Congregation sang Doxqlogy. .oear the heroically and ask for strength to. tion by Professor C. J.- Thomas. ovsrcoine, Referred to herself and counselAfternoon session. Singing by tin ors visiting the Stake, accompanied by Twentieth Ward Y. L. M. I. A. choir led, ster. Card, who was now an Aid in the by Mrs. Mary K. Kelly, Mrs. Fda Daynes society; They felt very happy in visiting Cannon, accomnaniest. "There Shall be from place, to Prayer by Presi place, and' encouraging; and Showers of Blessings." stimulating the sisters' to good works and dent Thomas Ricks. Singing, "Some One ? renewed efforts in the path of. duty. Will Meet at the Pearly Gates, Shall You Thought we should teach our children the Shall I?"benefit of President M. 1 Home was the first prayer and the use of the consecrated oil in administering to the sick; re: speaker. Her remarks were upon, umon ted some instances concerning this in her and faithfulness, the stiict observing of fthe own family. When the Savior was on the Sabbath day, the partaking of the sacrament earth He said to Peter 44 Kuovvest thcu me ?" in spirit,- - with clean hands and a And when '.peter replied, Jesus said to him,. pure. heart; and. "we are laying the lound-atio"Then feed my We for a great iutiire hereafter. The speaker felt sheep." should strive to. corry out this saying of must pursue a course that will elevate" While we" aie doing this chariby giving spiritual foodUo the humanity. People and jr0 the .children."'. table work we must seek to benefit all that-ar- e Counselor ;Sarah Jane Hosietter, of San. in .need, but be wisa and' careful in our luis Stake,' of all matters." Colorado, said their Stake was judgment ' "Sister Home then explained about the J10re prosperous than it had ever been heretofore The sisters were erecting two class in nursing, referred to what had been !fw buildings. In their. Stake Dr. Iillis R. done in the past by Dr. Roberts and the Sh5PP liadx .Prayed been 'teaching ,p1jstetrics and good work she had accomplished. had' done a the Lord to bless the sisters in their labors nursing in San ford and-shgood work "there. They enjoyed the and said many other good things. prc-sxtliii- r - 1 . 1 - . . 1 4 no-nr- . . 1 fir.-cfT- r "-- s f rd 1 ... f 1 n-m- a 1 1 1 1 , i- -- . 1 1 . . ,.- - 1 been-eive- 1 2 1 1 .1 f- . y . -- c - -i I - - ' 1 - - : ; . , f - the-rig- ht n le-Savio- r -- -- ; e . " in-dustri- " . duty." President Km ma S. Woodruff reported the' Granite Stake. They had fourteen or fifteen branches, one ney branch recently organized. They had visited all around. She was glad to have the opportunity to testify to the work in. which wc are cngagcd7 "Let us be consistent Latter day Saints, keep the word of wisdom and do our Temdoing ple work. Liked to see the Temple full the work for those behind the veil. """ Hoped to be faithful and true in all things. Counselor Mary Bagley, Bear Lake Stake: "As Sister Lindsiy, our president, W3S not well enough to.attUui this conference she Alwished' me to represent the Stake. years though our president is seventy-seveold she made the trip around the 'county this summer. The Lord has blest her' in n many ways. Siie has presided now twenty-on- e years and I feel blest that I am able to There is no' travel around with Tier. greater blessing than to be Mothers in -- Israel in Society." Sister Lindsay knew Joseph Smith and frequently bore'testimony to his divine "I pray the Lord to bless these aged sisters who have been so valiant for. the' the-Reli- ef mis-sio- il -- truth." ' " ; - . Richards showed the ladies the Navajo blanket which had been sent from San Juan County, to be on exSister Kmily. S. hibition at' the' Woman Suffrage Bazaar in New York City in December.' She invited the sisters to assist .in the effort being made by the' Utah Woman's Council, by giving five cent donations, which would be gratefully, received or any article suitable for such a purpose that might be on sale in the Bazaar to increase the fund. Also spoke of the circular letter published in the Descrct News October 3; and thought the young ladies should encourage this undertaking. Sister J ul ina L. Smith spoke of mir chil- dren and their home Iraming and habits. Felt it important they, should go to, Sunday, , boys for missionaries and our "girls tolnake good yives atid mothers, She had receiitly 