with the settling of these now beautiful and properoiH vales, Ileber C; Kimball, 'VYilfonf 'Woodruff, John Taylor and others who cooperate!, with him in making "tlrv desert 'blosx mi as the rose." Generations, may courtf and go but the name of 'Urighaur Young will never die. while these mountain fastnesses are inr habited Ify.the descendants of the people who Wed this "Happy 'Valley" with iiomes of peace and plentT The exercises of the day will' commence with a stlute of .forty-twguns by the Veteran Artillery, Association at 7 a. 111. The people wdl gather at the Bee I live connection Woman's Exponent, r WEI l.S Hlihtr'.xtt.i i'ublisltr, i:ttE! IS E, It. p. ,t;i Irtlil.: 50 1 t .'k-'- u!i- i.'Mii-i- I - t.n-- cojiv - uth v, ir Nn rnluct.cMi in m.iii. rxif.i for y sp ur i i 1 Si't City, .L'uH, or oin ,unv m months. rlu:. , City uj ts ,rc, a.s c:. iiti.s i.rx. t ' IJid.tt ;lvrltSv ts.' n.jnpirul l ii . mo-nth- !,p . I.ilv! ow yr.n, !i r.i''-i- ; A'Wrrt.sir.g . A i;J !:?x-r.U- o ' ofiuc koom ;o'i jHsins tiot;rs from i cxcrpt Sund.iy I KXI'ONKN! t- t! y - A Mr. . . mp ton 'Soirh m. to' 5 p. in . em V It. I"., v 11 house at - ("in, I music meantime. ClAlC Silt Liie City, Lfj't, there until band will discourse sweet y a.tn.-nniiiiu- Ik-Id'- s' 9.45, I.I.I SAM L A K hnt. te f it th '.nt Oji.t vt.illir. ,'!. Innj.;-str- . ommuni. at oris Imk-.iu-- . i .1. u a-- , , GENERAL SOCIETY DAUGHTERS REVOLUTION. NKW YORK CITY. The Annual Meetings of the Genial Society oflie Daughters of the Revolution, held .New 111 ork- - City,- SU L.ki. Cirv, I'm!-- May i. 1 . and Monday andth, 1900", were Tuesday, April 23rd of an interesting character and well attend; d by members from almost all- parts 01 the country, and the usual routine business of such gatherings was transacted, A preliminary meeting was held in a "romin aiin headquarters;,-'ancoinmittee elected, to prejare a ticket, etc! The public meetings convened in the s:;;ie building, situated on Fifth Avenue ami .corner if 20II1 Street, a Jarge and com;:io. dious hall, handsomely decorated for the occasion, with the stars and stripes tastefully ' draped and pictures of heroes and .heroines, etc. Kach state was designated by a banner with" the name,- and all. were supplied with badges. - the-Society- 's The monument of the grtat pioneer will-bthe next place, visited and will be decorated then with dowers brought for the The children of the city are purpose. 'especially invited to do. this, the Primary Associations who always make a ensotm of Tlie President General, Mrs. keeping in. some festive fashion' the. first She is ? Sauger Snow occupied the chair. day- of June, will, it is ardently hoped, come in full force having floral trophies, as .very charming woman and has completely won the hearts of all the Daughters who "the fields; gardens and hills at the present 'time abound with the beauties of nature. xiaeoeeu assue.mieu wuu ner uurillg Iler term of office. Ilcr'addrejs was very At 10 o'clock the program in the Taberand concise, dealinwifh facts in a' nacle will comminee and be rendered ns follows: Music, H eld's Military band. Very gentle and persuasive mannci, and specially significant of the work in Selection,- Tabernacle choir. Invocation, hand. lion Brigham Young. Selection, TaberThe society moves as smoothly as the nacle choir. Address, Governor Wells. Music, Held s Military l)and. Violin solo, sun and his s ttellites toward one common Loyalty and patriotic effort are alMorris S. Young. Address. Colonel4 David object ways the. general aim. Baritone solo, Horace S. McKenzie: Kverywhere in Reading, Dr. Seymour B. Young. local chapters and State societies the general work has gone on with unity, strength Benediction, Hon Angus M. Cannon'. Program at Saltair Beach which will be and enthusiasm of purpose. We have come together tp, transact the rrost important given in the afternoon: Music," Christen-sen'Invocation, Dr. business in our societies life to elect the Military bind. Solo, Miss Mary officers who are to carry on the work of the .George H. Brimhall. Address,' Professor Joshua H. organization for th? two coming years. In Young. the fulfillment' of 'this duty we are to perPaul. Soprano solo (orchestra accompaniment) Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Kdwards. mit nothing of local or personal prejudice Address, Hon. "Thomas Fitch. .Music, and jealousy to influence us, and we are to ' Christensen's band. accept with the fullest loyalty the expression of the general will, whatever our inIX CIIAKACTKK. dividual disappointment may be. The Recording Secretary General in a Fancy dance,- Miss "La Blanche Snow. very gracious and appropriate speech IkuedicPoir, President V. J. Kerr. There will be a rand ball in the eve- - maue me presentation oi a Loving Uup, the gift of the Society at large, which Mrs. ning. Snowr responded to in a very brief but affeProfessor J. A. Anderson will be the in the- musical features of the. ctionate and particularly happy manner .. ...-Reports from other General Officers foprogram. llowed this part of the exercises, most of them very brief, relating to ea.ch on's own EDITORIAL NOTES. We noted the Hisdepartment of work. torian General mentioned her report from Our recent visit to the Xew Ivngland the V Utah- Historian, who looked after her hills, old scenes, associations, relatives domestic' affairs managed her home, was a and friends, will appear in nummember of the Legislature and had a baby ber of the paper. four months old; this elicited considerable The Primary Associations are to have a applause. These reports extended into the afternoon Jubilee early in.flie .month of June, which is expected to be quite a unique affair: and after they were finished the election of, t officers .began . There was considerable disLouie Felt and members of her" Board are making elaborate cussion upon the floor, meantime tellers Several nominations pJHratione and planning- to have it repre- were appointed. sentative in every way of this'association of were made but finallv fhp nrpm'flent Gener-.- : the chitdreu of Zion. al was elected, Miss Adeline W. Sterling, First of the recentadminisA11 trains of the Oregon Short Line out tration.' of Salt Lake City, start directly from this Tuesday morning, the delegates were city, and are consequently ahvays on Ume early in their seats and the election began, You can depend upon minute" the There w ere several "" nominees for theinjo Thls is feature the most satisfviug one . but when it came to the Recordin railway travel, and, in 'accounts' part, ing Secretary General, eighteen candidates tor the well deserved of popularity the were nominated before it was possible to Short-Line'local passenger service. get one to accept the office, as it is well - . OF Tl it dele-gate- s. Ik-nr- VOLUME . TWENTY-EIGHT- . This number of the paper chocs Volume 28 and Our patrons and friends of the dear little home piper are reminded that it is a good time to renew sub:ripti mis, or to pav up wh itev'er is due on the old and help the new volume, now to- be commenced, to begin on a sue b isis liuanchl- more W. The women of Zi-I are greitly indebte to the K knt for aid in their uudeit ikings in rg mi.ations and industries and mane other ways too numerous t mention and of which we be- lieve they are well, aware, but do not remember th t a p per needs financial in-h-t , cannot support, arid whea lacking 1. . Instead of feeling be pr mptly issue oi for the ncdful the. sifters want tint it is of the man?getuent. is fault it the think, But the editi r most solemnly assures them Tliere is no good reason to the contrary. in these diys of prosperity why the sisters should not pitronize their own paper. One dolhr a yeir; they would never feel it, it does not amount, to ten cents a month, nor yet two Cents a week; and yet the dear sisters who "do appreciate the paper, often say there are single articles published that are worth more hi one uoiiar to tueiu. in view of the real and positive benefits to the women of "Zion; we hope and trust that the presidents of all branches of the Relief Society everywhere will feel it a duty and responsibility devolving upon them, to. see that the respective .ward where they. preside is well canvassed and subscriptions .solicited now at ttie. beginning of the new volume tweutv:nine. - vs ' . j Kn-sig- ! . s n. . s ' -- j j ist - j . - - BRIGHAM YOUNG'S BIRTHDAY. n ' j 1 ng w-a- - al-wi- y ac-cruei- bril-lia- . the-Jun- e - anniversarv of Brigham The ninetv-nintYoung's birthday is. to be made a dav of rejoicing and. elaborate ceremony, and it is eminently fitting that it should be. so, that all the people, of I'tSh" and. the .adjoining 'country ''may remember tlus'great good and wise man who builded not only for his own people and followers 'hut for. tlie world and generations yet to come; who opened up the desert and cultivated the land and colonized in the midst of this On intermountain, . uninhabited region. hand vest;eLthefriiit"sTofthe very of whom he was the chief leader,-hougthere were many whose names h ould have prominence and be recalled in h -- -- noble-pionee- rs h . General-Presiden- - Vice-Preside- nt , Vice-Presiden- t, ' s ; 