WOMAN'S" EXPONENT Alter the ereisesjW Quests "repaired to the dining room 'ami partook of- - the good things provided by o:;e' and all of the sisters Sister Lambert pronounced assembled.the blessing, upon, the food. A beautiful vase of roses in the centre of the table were the gift of Sister WVuiruiT to our beloved Aunt Ziu.a." the sisters mentioned as bavin" taken part jn' the meeting 'there were pres ent Sisters Eydia Ann Well's, Maria V. Dougall, Phebe V. Beatie, Julia A. Hrixen! Lizzie S. Wilcox .Amelia Maeser, Marjoric" McCarty and Elizabeth I.angtou, . 1 u OF PIONEER MONUMENT. 1 gold and silver without jeopardizing the 'lives of their families by Jack of something to sustain life. "I am not much of a .believer in monu-muits- , for I think that men and'their good deerls should live in memory; but this present monument is a verv. proper one. The story of the'pilgrimage of the Pioneers and their settlement here should be "told a.'id retold.-tour .children in order that thev mav. know, of the h'eroic deeds done bv Tin .mar 'Celemouies of unvfilisif t!,. Pioneer monument, as completed, with the three added figures, the Indian the traypcr and. pioneer.group, took place Jim 4f at Io:o a.. in. Seats had xen arranged in- side the iron ailing for speaker and dis tinguished gUcst-- , and the publicdied the street roundabout and occupied, all the available space in the windows and'porckes f buildings near by. The Brigham Voting their forefathers." Memorial Association had charge oi the Hon. James T Hammond said" that he exercises, (Hon. James Sharp president) uui not oeiieve in me ot a monu- worsnip which were a reminiscent mostly-oi.. luent; but thought the accomplishment At Held's band Military 9:30 which it was the thing robe DR. TALM AGE'S NET BOOK. rationed near the monument opened revered. represented" Ir. Hammond. reviewed the his-- , the exercises with some of the old familiar (heat Salt Lake . Prcst nt an J Past, e Vr oi the erection of the monument and title of a book recently issued by the .u.. commo the life of the sculptor, Mr. C. occasion, in .ijiujin.iKMu Deseret News ffiibl Lshinir House. memor:itin the founding of the State and. introduced that geutlen'ian, who said: The author is Dr. James K. Talmage,: I'resideiit o. Cannon .made' the "I;rie.nds, it is some twenty years since ' v scientific knowledge is good author' 'dVess of theiday. I turned my face4 eastward toward the un- niom-nHe on said beinc of the "that one many His book is special subjects. lty kuowji lanu oi my nopes ami aspirations, who came here in, 1847, many reminiscenand-acertainly. a very complete and compreheu-sivone who has visited strange lands ces crowded its his :md he could and mind not the kind, ami seen many ights, I return to the font wprrxf people of Utah have great reason to be proud of this help dr;.win4 contrasts, between conditions where I first drank the waters now those and of here the which 'existing description lake, oi jiiire .inspiration'. To those who are tljey have . . .. . ... '.. :i .. ti one, ears felt .some was or fine 'a such cannot and resort always born and reared amid these circling-hillpeopie I 1101 ackdou ledge tli.it added so much to this interniountain Brigham Voting; I have little need, to tell what a potent region was an because or its diilerentiation to nil tln inspired man'and a prophet of God, se!l they have, and as whatever little I an win couceile the fact that lie was a have done has been directlv tracable t other lakes in America. To the student of geology more especially this little work great man and a .'?troiiiA leader of men. their influence, you can well understand will apply with greater interest than to When the Pioneers first Rooked into this how thev are intimately coju.eeted with those who only consider it from a general valley all was desolation! the courses of the most "'sacred part of my being. To the the streams running into thv valley being mighty forms of sculptural beauty and the of view. point . ' T I r f marked bv willows, ih.e o:ilv green to be ever changing lights and shades of the ot natural beauty 10 uiic intensely ionu When Prigham Young saw the peaks. my mind was ever atuned ami' as the in scenery e and its surroundings seen. is a picture of marvelous attractions mornvalley he declared it to be th-- stoppkig .history of sculpture plainly shows,. sculp--- ' been reared amid theing, noon or night; in sunshine or in place of the pilgrims, and this in the face tors have ever 9t ' of assertions and of hunters that storm. Its continuous mountain range of trappers mountains. inese suem lormative mit a would be for to Hueuces islands add great pieturesqueuess to the community impossible deejer and more lasting; sent Jive to lie here, explorine" parties than we realize. autL to vou who have the view, and the variety 01 birds that live upon to" and south the the north to investigate privilege of this silent communion of the deserted .these' and seemingly uninall and the returned declaring that hills your spirits inut ever be awake. to country habited islands play a conspicuous part in these scenes of solitude: their graceful the decision of lirigham Voting was a wise the beauty and poetry that 'daily speak to ' flights, their brilliant plumage and the , one. The people suffered almost untold you from the mighty heights. "Ait of every kind is simply the realizasound varieties .whether of the whirring hardships '.during the first years of life in ol wings or screeching, 'screaming or this .alley when the elements were more tion that beauty lies around us on every inclement than now. he who pos- They suffered the hand, and the artist melancholy croaking or cooing all these disin of their most extreme siblv realizes more till v this truth, and he lumber signs of "sight or sound accentuate the wild pangs in week a Once my uncle's house, only becomes an artist in trying to reveal charm of this "Dead Sea of America" over tress. I livedsaid the speaker, we would wdiere this truth to his fellow man'. Art to the and beyond the Jordan. in oiir and the. family weigh out provisions many is considered luxury or a n accomAcumugc xius Lomerreu a iavor on then, eke-- them out for the week. Our plishment, whereas in trutTut is one of the the State by writing such a liookrandby have did we rations not, werf "very short, most necessary functions of a well ordered having it illustrated, giving as it does facts' we were bat; to hungry, very life, and to deprive man of this means of and figures that will be. invaluable to enough hungry hungry to the ends of our fingers; expression would plunge him into a barthe student of natural or geographical hungry to .the 'ends of our toes: always barism from which there. would be history,, as well as the geologist. meal would not suffice of ever rescuing hiin. Dr. Talmage tells the reader not only of hungry bne good to satisfy us, our hunger was so great. "The monument as it now stands is an - the lake, its beauty., "and health-givinI never attempt to depict the early history and We cut .thistle tops to eat and properties, but of the jrocess-omaking tasted such, "greens.' in my. life, I condition of Utah, and with the exception sab which we use daily with our food. The actually began to get fat on thistle tops. of Pngham A'oung, the statues are re pre " book mn faint: en jnnoli f ic frmA (ci tlif Even boiled hides 'were eaten by the peosentatiye. Thus the Indian represents the mind, that one need not hesitate .'to recombeen had and even after the grain early condition that prevailed in this valley mend it as well worth not only perusal, but ple, planted and began to grow, giving proniise before the. advent of the whites, and the study, and as a book of reference, and in of a bread supply,-thcrickets came ;aiul trapper- represents the first white man that, in aid be an would book the many respects ever penetrated the wilderness. ; The swept it all away and added more, hardresearch valnnhaV fn thp liktnrinnPioneer .group represents the hardvv-- in ships to those already endured by the setThe people of Utah are very proud, of tlers. '.'' domitable family thatjirst made their home Ale flront Onl. r 1. ...I ' t..- - CIAc "When rold was first discoverexl in in the wilderness, and from them sprang covery are open our young men and women California, Brigham Voting advised the. the first civilization of the great West." should ayair themselves of the knowledge, , people to remain here and cultivate the the unveiling. and not remain in ignorance of the vast resnotuci that them tney sources of this wonderful, and. as yet in land, promising It wis just 10:58 a. m, when a trumpet And while it if they did so; We be prospered many places unexplored country. call was sounded and the veil of bannerj been charged again t. Brigham Young has venture to say there are many things in the of the was" loosened and fell from around the the hediscourkged development' that book referred to that wilPbe a surprise to of Utah, the sequel "monument disclosing the new bronze V mineral industries the student of science and natural hiskrv. Droved 'that his advice was wise, for "by re- - figures, while the band played "America.'' crowd .and producing food the - Then there were cheers and the mainiug at home about the monument to view the -tbesfselves beyond the danThe Jewish Women of Cincinnati furnish people finished the monument to the free trolley rides for convalescents among ger of a shortage of food supplies and put figures that .; them-i- n a position to pursue the search for Pioneers and their brave deeds. their sick poor. , v v - 1. 4 1 : Ik-side- s -- -- char-acte- f r, ' i is-th- . - ' (k-org- e ad-whos- e ! - ; e ' life-givin- ! fifty-thre- a-'o- ' . . 1 . e ' . s j 1 ! ! : ! ' " . . ' . 1 Salt-Lak- - ; 1 j - j are-eve- 1 ' is-"onl- j , 1 - i- -i. ' - no-ho- g pe ' f -- 1 1 1 1 -- ' - 1 ; j . . . j ; . . ? - 