KXI'ONHN'T. WOMAN'S lirlv attentive and. desirous to.d Woman's Exponent Song, Miss ArviJle Clark. "Annie I.;ln;(. all in cverynuHiappv and pwtr It was .one of the must brilcomfortable. liant affair of its kind ever given in this city, tho' Salt Lake is famous for successful entertainments. . . , E it. WEl.Ls, Elit'jr- .?:' S ' s.'T.i-rn.inth'v- tf 'IVffi.s: 50 op om'yrxr, N' !.:c! on tut (,y rn.iil, extra p At tt' rri - r $i (. r SV. c jhJ V'bUthtr.. City, h-- i xr f lOpt m rrs c'u City jm; ie one ' Vui, nth?. icUv The Scandinavian Jubilee was held in June. Inquiring 'the, 14th, in cominemor-atio- of the, half century that had elapsed A tvv Iv.xh i;i.ir, tn iit.ft A r.oriin!- since the Gospel was first introduced into time i;vic- o' pr tiionrh, ;.oo. A U .'.' ilfr- the Scandinavian 'countries, and it was an c vjr.! t j re t! ir ,i lviTt.'ri. event of great importance in Church history. Their representatives came Jrom long.dis-fauceKxroNF.NT cftc Ro?fnj 3C3 Irnnpton. So'i'h Trm ;,!; rr isinf-hour frc.ru 'in ,i; r.i. t. 5 p m to take part in the proceedings, which Stfeet:. r pt Sunday. i'..iy, The Tabernacle were of great interest. decorations, were very fine and in good A'Mrf '.:! busings om'itun;. .tt or.i'tc ' taste,' and the flags displayed of the several .Mr,? i:. Ii. WKI.LS, I he entercountiies were quite a study. Salt I.aki. v,t"i am. tainments were all in keeping with the occasion and gave o)por'.,.inity for social a En'trei at the' Post Ofi it Si.': Lite it.', j t ih. intercourse and renewing of old acquain-tannctnalier. that was very pleasant and satisfac'r - Ja-S- i'-- ... s f . and-deed- s " s . , orgat-jzi-i'- l ! - " 1 , ,i ,t n 25 c: expli, Jh-p..'!.- ' EMM hi, she has a flue voice- and good . Afternoon exercises; Apostle in a most impressive r.iann'-1Young spoke Debt We Ukju the subject MThe Battalion 'Hoys" was given by s I White. Mayor W. Clark recited, in a griphfc manner, "The Settler's St(jry.;' Tlie con. pany sang "Babylon, O Babylon." Keed Smbot made some very well timed remarks, urging the duty of keeping mind the' privations and toibof the Piters and paying tribute to their menu;r; ' of valor. Tlie a Hair was a very happy tne"aul it seems appropriate that in every "county n Utah such a society' should b: All honor to the bravrand kept up. pioneers vhunade it 'possible for thousivdv; to have happy homes in these v:des of tfk - to" m ike .their 1 - mountains. " r e On tlie 13th of June the Primary .W,;. ciation held a General. Conference in the Tabernacle, the children assembled in great The General Boird were all numbers. in person, and also ' Presidents present George Q. Cannon and Joseph F. Smith, of ' . tory. - V was entirely given to the a omen, Sister Minnie J. Snow presiding, which was r sort of departure for them and JUNE NINETEEN HUNDRED. shows th?y are falling in line with the The month of June. Nineteen Iundred, spirit of progress. Sister "Stevens read a lias been unusually full of stirring" events, poem of her own composition at this meet-'inand happy occasions Main pretty wcl- which we publish on another' page in and brilliant dimgs. receptions, this issue. They have their poets. anil to quests from a distance, and others to orators, several of them vigorously gifted in emphasise some., occasion of, speci these respects, and are quite' famous for .One session tne rirst. rresiuency 01 tne Lnurch. A very pathetic feature of the conference was the-- prayer offered by the children for the venerable President of the Church, Lorenzo Snow, wno had been expecting" to address 1 g, them and was too ill to be present. The president, Sister Louie B. Kelt, presided at this great gathering- of the children of Zion. The vast work accomplished by this organization during the twenty-onyears since the movement was started is a spiritual uplift such as can only be appreciated by those connected with this magnificent work. .Its. leaders and originators. deserve the highest tribute of praise irom the parents in the c. " The first day of June Brigham Young's birthday was celebrated, both lii the city, with appropriate ceremonies, and at Saltair with eloquent and telling addresses from meil of leaniing and famed for. eloquence.' No tribute we as a .people can pay to this great .leader and pioneer can be too much of an ovation to his great genius, his ability "to plan and- execute with skill, energy and wisdom for the people whom beloved so devotedly, and to whom,, under 'God," le smvc his .time, his talents and his' best efforts, devotedly and untiringly. - The General; Conference of the Y. M. and Y. I,. Associations, which convened in this city on the" loth", nth and 12th of June, and which brought the officers of these institutions from Northwestern and Canada, for.Southern States, was a never in gotten occasion, and will be its results, not only on those whp .were favored to attend, hut upon the work they represent'.' The serious. illness of the GeuerarPresi lent and the President of the Church, Lorenzo Snow, was the one drawback .to the perfect enjoyment of the In consequence' of tliisthe conference. reception, that had been planneTI to, be given in the Bee Hive had to be changed to the Gardo House. This reception was on a magnificent ' iviv.itiu. 1 11V, il;u.--. I t V 11, which is elegantly furnished, was' artistic' afar--Mexi- co, the-Kaster- to-b- far-reachin- e g f g-ea- - - w beautiful singers and musicians, that have not only done honor to. their own people, but to Utah. Sister Snow was presented with an exquisite bouquet of flowers, an expression of affection 'hich she fully appreciated. . . - e June the Sons and Daughters of the Pioneers of Utah county - On-- , the 22nd -- of. .celebrated with a feast and meetings at Church. "At evening a banquet was given in Pleasant Grove. A program- - had been preWard meeting house. Tables pared and visitors expected from a distance. The exercises were in charge (Si the presiwere laid for three hundred guests. President, Apostle Reed Smoot, who in" the' dents George ). Cannon and Joseph F. A kindliest manner cared for all present. Smith were present also several Apostles and bowery u"der the trees was comfortably Joseph Jv. Taylor, of the Salt Lake Stake. seated and afforded ample room for a larger Klder Joseph II. Felt made a humorous Carriages had been sent to the opening speech when all were seated, and gathering. stition for the guests coming by train, and President Louie B. Felt expressed herself in at 10 a. m. there was an informal recepa few words of welcome to her tion. Then music by the. Pleasant guests. President Georue Or Cannon asked Grove baud and prayer by the chaplain, the blessing upon the oleast. A program President Kdward Partridge. ' Hymn, "O, had. been prepared and Sister Cornelia H. ye mountains high" and acid r ess of welcome Clayton took the part of Toastmistress, to by Professor J. L. Bro.vn, responded to by which she seemed admirably adapted. Sis-' Apostle Reed Smoot; The address assigned ter 'K. B. Wells responded to the toast, "Our to Governor Heber M. Weils was given by Grandfathers." President George Q. Can- -; A. song .by Miss non, "Our. Grandmothers." Apostle A. O. Woodruff. Maria Y. Arviile Clar.k, with organ accompaniment, Dougall, "Our Kathers." President Joseph by Professor Lund, was greatly appreciated. "F. "Smith, "Our Mothers." Aurelia S. A part of the program, the Pioneer Rogers, "The Primaries." was lathers,, given by Apostle Rudger i, ,.. The affair was most enjoyable especially Clawson. A, song by Miss Mary West was r meeting with workers from a distance in a ' very sweet and tender. social way. President Kelt and her co-At the banquet two hundred guests were laborers are to be congratulated in w ring seated and a fine "of, made the conference and entertainmeiifsuch partaken which the guests appreciated by a success. Songs were well chosen and partaking bountifully. Professor. J. L. Brown acted finely rendered by some of the sweetest as toastmaster and was quite humorous in : singers of Israel.' some of the'parls. Mrs. K. B. Wells, gave The Primary Association is an institution, "A Morning rn Camp' A buffalo hunt, that stands alone in the world. There is j. Mr. Hancock, a stampede, wittily given by no such training tor children in any other J. Golden Kimball, son of Heber C Kim church or locality," and certainly it has ball, who always reminds one of his father given excellent proof ofrits importance in- -! in his manner ot expressing himself. "The the training of the little people of Zion. Vr First Glimpse of th : the-Sixteent- well-chose- n - j . i J . : j . " 4. ally decorated by specialists, and outside banners flags bunting. Chinese lanterns, arclights and all the pretty effects of applied electricity gave the'beaiitiful grounds the appearance of fairyland.A dancing floor 011 the .west side of the lawn accomodated the dancers, antl bands of music Avere. p'aying b tb indoors and out. Young ladies in shimmering white, aucl a great variety of becoming colors, flitted here and there dancing or helping to entertain those who were not dancing and guests irom a distance, and the young men were particu- - excellent - . w-''wa- 's j j " j j ; j j Voiw a",-t?&Pi?'T'1 -xs' The f' and f . ' Sng i most Gray." ! June Us been a notable month .this year of accidents, fires and nations declaring war, one can .scarcely in t,le at war-o- r 