they ;ud key in behalf of women, and how : We .should advanced since that time. after ourselves' and not spend so much V. hen ve time bothering our neighbors. He' will not go beforcpur Father iirheaveu been doiu, ask us what everyone else has done. have ourselves . we but 'what Sister Susan Grant, said, one of the imKeliet Society was portant, missions of the to store up grain and then take cue that it We should always is not destroyed. our prayers, for if 'we forget', the will be Lord in the hour of prosperity.-Hslow to hear us in the hour of trouble. Counselor Mary Hall thought the :ers ought to turn out to meetings and 'hear the instructions the sisters had to give them after coming over such a road as they had. to travel. Sister AbigailOaks said we often perform duties because it is a duty, and not for the Children are love we have for the work. precious gifts from God, and we should strive, to train them so they will be able to enter into the. presence of our Father in heaven. Conference adjourned until two o'clock. Singing, "Praise to the' man who com- Benediction by muned with Jehovah." . ': re-.mem- Brother K. J". Longhurst. Afternoon session. Singing, "Prayer is the. soul's sincere desire." Piayei by "The Brother Tames H. Glines. Singing, ' The spirit of God like a fire is burning general and local officers of the Relief Society were sustained. Counselor A. K. Bartlett 3id we should not neglect our duty and leave it for someThere is a great misone else to perform. sionary work to be performed in the midst of Zion. therefore how necessary it is for mothers to understand the Gospel. Sister Susan Grant said we should" make-homthe loveliest place on earth, so the children would rather be there than anywhere else. It requires a great deal of patience to raise a family of children,-therfore we should pray for the help of the to the good conduct of our soldiers. ' Ivven Pis-del-Pila- long regarded as the ablest r, such armed resistance, as remains, although military leader in the Philippines. The work "of our army in Luzon is deit may- be troublesome diiriiiir the' 'present rainy .seasfn, will doubtless disappear on scribed by General. Schwan in a "letter the advent of the next dry season. recently made public by. the War DepartNow the presidential 'election is over the ment. The garrisons of the interior-ancommanded by Filipinos will no longer receive and dis- coast town's of Luzon arewno anti-adare leaving young, energetic majors, tribute auiomr the insurscuts the to undone with perform thorough-nesministration speeches which are received by set task the them. This task special the natives, who are strangers to thcelection the includes of suppression tactics in America. guerilla bands, The distribution of also 'schools and and establishing open such material ha leyl the natives to believe These that if Mr. Bryan should be elected the 'municipal government.' things are course of in accomplishment, the greatest American troops would be withdrawn, and is the lack of confidence between the obstacle they would Jx; left to govern themselves in soldiers and the inhabitants, which he beany way they mightVe fit. This, howIn lieves will pass away when each class ever, is a totally impossible condition. better acquainted with the customs, place, only a portion of Tagalos, who number not over a. million and a half, aims and standards of the other. The. Philippine commission has chosen have been fighting or working for independence, the remainder of them, as well as a Professor Fred. N. Atkinson as superin-tenden- t of instruction in the. islands; There majority of the other 'seven or eight millions of the population, are favorable to us, and are j.coo children in the city schools of Manila, under, the superintendency of the same is true of the foreign residents. Professor Georgf P. Anderson, a Vale The I'ilipiuoes as a whole are . certainly-noat present capable of establishing and graduate.- The teachers of these schools are natives, forty Panjards and maintaining an independent government. eighty-fiv- e Americans. We have assumed obligations that must be twenty-twOn June 21 General McArthur promulfulfilled. We have destroyed the governing power of Spain which offered protection to gated an amnesty proclamation at Manila , under which many Filipino leaders have foreign property-- , foreign capital and and in some measure, at least, accepted the authority of the United States. for example, is now had given the natives a semblance of civil General Pis with General and municipal We are Working harmoniously bound in honor to substitute for it a governMcArthur, and has been traveling and perment which will give to foreigners a larger suading armed insurgents to accept the measure of freedom and, protection, and to amnesty terms.the Filipinoes not only more liberty; .but a 'Crack Anderson. more comprehensive and generous scheme of ' qs well. OBITUARY. General Otis, was released from duty in' MARIA I.OVK. the Philippines at his own request. Ill It becomes our painful duty to record the death health was the cause of his leaving his post of our dear sister and colaborerof .the Second where he had served so long and so efficienSociety of Xephi, Utah, Sister Maria General McArthur succeeded him on Ward Relief tly.' who died October 7, 1900. Loe, May i. General Otis approved a scheme of Love was born in Toronto, Canada, April Saint, was left that" i(, 133. was a faithful Latter-da- y municipal "government a teacher in the .Relief Society of Xephi at gives to the Philippines for the first time 'chosen rirst its organization in lune, 1S6S, which office she the right of suffrage in the election of has idled true and faithfully up to the time of officers and the establishing of town govern- - her death. meiit. Bishop Henry C. Potter has just re- At a Meeting one week before her death she turned from Manila with "the most tin- - bore a strong testimony to the truth' of the work she was cnv;ae;ed in. qualified praise of General Otis. He believes that we should stay there now, that One whom we love, we could not get out honorably if we One who had nothing but blessings for all, One who responded to every call,- would. One who was ever so faithful and true, The new Philippine commission has been One who gave. blessings to me and to you, One whom the angels will watch in her rest, completed. Judge TMt, of Cincinnati", has been elected chairman. One who is safe in the realms of the blest. Mr. Dean C. Worchester, of the old ''commission, has RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. been retained and Judge Henry C. Ide, of Vermont, General Luke K. Wright, of IVtcrias, Death has come into our midst and from us our honored sister whom we. all taken Tennessee, and Professor Barnard Moses, of , an earnest worker and teacher of our Relief California, have been appointed. The Society, be it commission is well constituted for organizR't'solvsd, By the members of the society that we ing and establishing civil government in tender to the bereaved family our sincere sympathy a ikJ earnestly desire that God will comfort them in the Philippines. They arrived in Manila their affliction.. in June and announced that no a copy of these resolutions be sent to the That attempt would be made at present to supercede the family, a copy be placed on record and one be military executive. General McArtlrur'is forwarded to the Exponent for publication. E. R. .Udall, Pres. competent to perforin the duties of Governor MaggieMcCune. Sec. until the country is ready: to recrive a sysSecond Ward Relief Society of Nephi. tem of civil administration! That Luzon at least, is not yet prepared for such a SARAH G. J!. SNOW."" change, is made clear by daily reports of Again the gnm reaper, death, has been and armed resistance to summon one of the pioneer -- women of brigandage midst, to Utah to herreward, Sister; Sarah Gledhill Broad-beauthority in very many parts of the Snow, departed this life October 2, 1900. at island. Organized insurrection is no longer the residence of her Bishop John Dasa fact, the archives of Aguinaldo's governtrup. The cause of death was heart failure, superment were seized by General. Funstonriu induced by stomach trouble. Deceased was the daughter of Edward and Petty In May. June a far more important CapGleuhill and was born March 31, 1833, in Oldham, ture was made ih the, person of General Lancashire, England," She embraced the Gospel ...... d n-th- ing s , becomes tin-firs- t t - o . foreign-inhabitants- del-Pila- r, self-governmen- - self-governme- nt . e ". Si-f-- e r b.-fore'h-e IyOrd. Sister Mary E. Irvine said some .people would spend all their time in training fine animals and neglect their children. We should train our children in love and not anger. We should never find fault with the Priesthood, and especially before the children, it makes a bad impression upon them. President Sarah Pope felt to thank the sisters for their visit and hoped they would come again. Conference adjourned for six months. Singing, "Do what is righL" .Benediction by Brother Thomas Bingham. " i ' t ' . Addih Longhurst, Sec' lo.-ud- : . THE PHILIPPINE SITUATION. ; The Filipino revolutionary government and army no longer" exist. In fact, there is not a single regimental organization now to be found. It is true armed bauds of Guerillas, more or less numerous, are bar- assing our troops and, preventing the return of their own' people to peaceful-occupations- , . . Only a small proportion of the number of natives have been in' arms against u, the rest are friendly and anxious for peace? While they have suffered terribly it has not been at our hands. In fact, the head men of manjr of, the towns captured "by our iorces haVe voluntarily borne testimony ; ' , , . -- in-ou- f . nt son-in-la- w, -' 