WOMAN'S EXPONENT. JO sr-.an- ltv d are higher, and steeper" than at any cither place. The i.fst"naue of this hUtorur sixit was Mount Job, bin there wa I think, alley .creek, ana W a forge built on III Knuwna.s fiinuthnt the mace came to-Valley Forge, where the raw recruit $ from thirteen colonies were so1 ably drilled by Ruon'Vaii Steuben, that tjcy were able to We are defeat t)ie Ixrst English soldiers: alt familiar with the account of the surfer- in.;.-mgs oi our soioiers nunr. but Captain T Hid winter at Valley Forge, a: long the told me that' the soldiers from the south was .much grtater than among the northern soldiers, because in building their .huLV they would not dig deep enough into the earth, and nre, therefore,, not protected against the cold. Though the ground uas covered by graes at one time the only one that is now marked is that of Captain John Waterman. He is buried on a part ot Captain Txid's property, and the Captain otlered to give to the Daughters of the Revolution that spot of ground, on condition that they would erect a monument7 in honor of the brave dead. The offer was accepted and the monument will le erected. The only buildingsof Revolutionary fame remaining are General Washington's headquarters and the old camp schoolhouse. We had lunch at .modern hotel called "The Wash ington"! mi." The headquarters house is in charge of the Centennial and Memorial Association of Valley Porge. This society is composed of ladies .and The present Regent is a lady, gentlemen. Mrs. Anna M. Holstein, of Bridgeport. The following statement is inade of the Headquarters House: "From cellar to attic it is in good preservation, and appears today precisely as it did When Washington was domiciled within it. The doors, with bells and locks, are the very same his hands have moved; the floors,. except a portion of the one in the' office room., are those over which the Great Chieftain has walked in many a weary hour; the window glass and sash are unchanged since the days when anxious eye's looked through them at .the soldiers' huts upon the hills." In sneaking of Valley Forge Thackeray tdls. how easy it would have been for Howe .vith his great army in Philadelphia to have utterly defeated the American forces and put a period to the Revolution at this time, he says. "But it was ordained by heaven, and for the good, as we can now have no doubt, of both empires, that the great Western Republic should separate from us; and the gallant .soldiers who fought on her side, their indomitable chief above all, had the glory of facing and overcoming, not only veterans amply provided and inured to war,, but wretchedness, cold, hunger, dissensions and treason in their own camp, where all must have gone to rack but for the pure; unquenchable flame of patriotism that was forever burning in the bosom of theheroic leader. What a constancy What a magnanimity!. .What a 'surprising persistency against fortune Washington before' the enemy was no better nor braver than, hundreds who fought with him or against him; but Washington, the chief of a nation in arms, doingbattle with distracted parties;, calm in the midst of conspiracy: serene against the open foe before him and the darker enemies at his back; Washington inspiring order and- spirit into troons nun. ! . ! - y had made a, collection for the widows' orphans. J " anr - in "the congregation r.. u.r and related her exper.ier.tt j'r: t testimony Another missionary held in Holland. ter bore a testimony of the truth' r.nd t her interest in Temple work.' b-- -- The J : hirr.s ... Sister I "Red-:- -. congregation-'san- Israel." Vice-Regen- t, - ' - A sister 1 - . -- - Vv'-dneN- Uy k -- - - ' J -- among us,1 and that she would like to give fvprv unman in Snlt I.nL-f- s'til-f- . . ' to contribute to their relief. A. sister from jjie Eleventh Vard m of the terrible, calamity, said their vxi'-t- ' and in rags; stung by ingratitude yet ever ready to.fergive;, in ueieai invincible,and never s mignamincus Sri cnn;u Sublime as on the day when he laid down bis victorious sword, and sought His. nobleindeed is a character to retirement; admire and revere; a tame without a Haw. On evening the Pennsylvania; Society D. K. 'gave their delightful recepA number of Colonial pictures were tion. i ne s :o'.vn, ii ustrating i lecture, Reere, but ttdid us, a cart of Paul . ga2 not like his renditiuu ot it nearly as. well as-Mrs. Wil-- ; Idui that of- our the point that would have earth' work force len most accessible ; to an attacking earth-work- s .was Fort Washington sojhat the Ana I). if 01 oungsaidtl ' k we partake of here refreshes us in. bod v a::d' in mind, .begged all to lx humble ar.d mttk" - morning we went to German.... town, saw the house wli2re Gibbul-Stewartrue to weir obligations ana ever and Martha and of George painted the pictures especially of the priesthoo-:Washington, aNo- Rolert .Morris's house, speak.vil Sister. K. B. Wells spoke of the v.o :der- that Howe used as his headquarters while the building we are i:o J.j, in 'Philadelphia.. We also visited most of ful history of of God that people hvi Wen the scenes ..spoken of in Iluh Vmit but j and of the spirit T vsith who had spoken here. She the principal places' of "interest were the endowed .we ought to, keep. good recta's in Germ into wn Academy, a boys' school ; thought felt that the of fwundrd bv Fnnkbn, and frequently visited our Relief Society, be. written and should work our kept. bv u asnmgton and tne tnew nouse. i uis ot tne mmeuitv mai. me; i rung i -e. ;, house is still owned by the Chew family, was having in trying to collet the and most exclusive one of early history of their organization. Ke. nrrr is not mx-- to the nublic. PhiiufHlnV.f ferred to her recent trip to New York and but as a special courtesy to the I). K., Mrs Chew threw her house open for their in-- i t how she enjoyed meeting with the brothers Testified that the Lord was a great and sisters there. spection. .Chief Justice-Chew but-othe morning had always preserved her from accident ir. j' friend of Washington's, .Miss ".M. Snow and herself of October 4.1 1777, some Knglish soldiers her travels, entrenched themselves in the house and the were well received by thei womeTf of the battle rof .Germantown occurred right 011 Daughters of the Revolution. Told - she this spot. Mrs. Chew was so charming was' preparing a complete file of the K.v roNKNT for the Paris Hxpositr. that it and gave us a full history of the event. was the oldest woman's paper m the West. The I). R's. were officially represented in the services of the unveiling of the Grant She had often heard it said theKxrONENTwas monument .on. April 27. f.99, and our a good missionary, and a number of our missionaries had told her it was. 'Thanked President-Genera- l placed a laurel wreath the Lord for the organization of the Relief tied with the D. R..co!ors.on the monument. When the Prophet Joseph turned On Thursday afternoon, we visited the Society. University of Pennsylvania and were shown the key for women in 1842, he organized the first society of women in the world, not about by Mr. Pennimn, Dean of the Col:till that time were wimen organized 'and. lege department. All of Friday was. consumed in the drive the women of the world were adopting" plans of organization in their., through Fairmount park. 'This ended the many of our ' She believed our influence was week's excursions, and Miss Sterling said societies. she considered it the cream of the enjoyable-eventsbeing felt for good among the women of We visited the Perm House, the the world. Spoke of their good work, she first brick house built in Philadelphia. It felt the Relief Society was the' high school Said she felt was built by William Pennin 16S2; also the of the womens organizations. Belmont MansionThe liOme of. Judge it was proper, that the Salt Lake Stake Richard Pjters stands ,oji George's hill and Relief Society should give fifty dollars to the Scofield sufferers. overlooks the city of Philadelphia. Wash-- ' Sister Barnes snoke oi" the influence of ington used to ride out early in the mornOther guests were Jefferson, the Exponent and the good she 'believed it ing alone. Adams, Morris, General Steuben, Louis w;ould do in the world, and spoke of the judgments that .would begin in the house of the Mount Pleasant, Phillipi and Franklin. Lord. Benedict Arnold's home, later Baron SteuSister Langton said she desired to' live to ben's, was the last spot visited on the do, good and be filled with charity. drive., A sister in the congregation bore a testi- Julia A. FaknswoktIi. Lund. mony of the truth. - ThurI.iy j t . . it.- . ; : . - j j ' hi-.to- ! ry S-k- a- j the-wealthies- ini-Socie- t ty n ' I j ! u- ! ! V . - . LADIES' PresWiiHfnieaid-sli- e thought "the ' MEETING. price of ibe Exponent.- was xyithin' the .reach of all, and thought we ought to Meeting was support it. SEMI-MONTHL- Y The .La dies' held 611 Saturday, May 12, 1900, in the Singing, "The Meeting adjourned. Fourteenth' Ward Hall, President M. I. 'God we adore." Benediction by Sister Semi-Month- ly Home presiding. 'Opened by singing,' Julia C. Howe. "God moves in a mysterious way.". Prayer M; Y. Taylor,. Act. Sec by Sister Clara C. Cannon. Singing "Let us pray, gladly pray." Minutes read and' approved. Mrs. May Wright Sewall has edited President Home said it seems necessary and now publishes the report of the, third, that we assemble ourselves often triennial meeting of the National Council of together and be. stirred up in the. principles of the Women held last year in Washington, u.. . apoke ot the .calamity of the Scofield explosion that had recently hatf ouspei. YtA 1 oa,,c;rr '"fc -- en u iwuuu j...... ana sorrow ueaui T : Tt k. three hun-- dred pages, containing stenographic report of all the meetings. - . 