R. S. REPORTS. ' - MAKICOl'A STAKE' . Report of the Relief Society conference of the Maricopa Stake, held June 14,1900 opened with the usual exercises. Present unf. tlu Brethren i . Dr.I.J u,pm(stolii t,i..5iuv:iu nonius ' - learn to do the will of the Lord it will lead us to do g0.d and be. brave in the work. We should set a good example children and those around us We can not do. too much good to lead mankind aright .and teach them and teach them the aright Gospel. Sister King saul it is fur mothers U) lay good foundation in their childien, and ' stil into thejr minds that which is right." " President- Louisa Haight spoke regarding each society celebrating the 17th of March, and each member'giving "ten ceiits.and the same be forwarded to the Central Board, then' we may have some of the presiding sisters visit us. Spoke ' of having aids to the Stake presidency.. As aids Sister King, of Almo, and Sister Cynthia Ward, of Klba! were chosen and unanimously sustained.General and Stake authorities were presented and sustained by the conference. Conference adjourned for three r.ioi.ths-.Congregation sang "the Spirit of God."-' Benediction was 'pronounced by Bishop Thomas King. b.-foreo- , -- . . - ing blessings. Spoke at some length 011 the great blessings we enjoy in this goodly the promises made he sisters land,' and-o- f by the P ophet "Joeph, if they would bs faithful. It is no light matter to neglect our meetings alter having our names enrolled,-for we then covenant "to uphold that We should economize our organization. we that 'time may devote a portion of it to spiritual culture.. ' Counselor .Mary Bagley expressed her gratitude for being" .permitted to live in this imtrtant day. Testified of the goodness f God unto her, of rbeing healed by His power and of the maily blessings received, through being a member of the Relief Society. Jvlder Alfred Osmond esteemed.lt a great honor to address the sisters on this occasion. It requires constant effort for Us to perforin the duties required of us. . Much has been accomplished through the Gospel; had .itnot been for this, probably many of those intelligent men of olden times, such as Paul and others, 'would .never have been known,. Spoke at some length on the advancement woman is making, she has been and is to day by many looked upon as inferior to man. v Woman can accomplish a great amount of good in spheres where man can do but little, she has a mission here on earth which no one else can fill. President, James H. Hart said those who commenced this great work in which we are" engaged liad a 'hard road to travel. Spoke of ihe necessity of our striving to overcome our evil passions and subjecting ourselves to the will of God. President N. K. Pregmire, of the Y. L. M. I. A , spoke a .short time. Felt proud of the Gospel,, more so than of anything else. There is a great responsibility resting upon the mothers, greater than many nkes ami rniind1nr TT r o Ward Sunday. School Superintendent T. Wilson. ' Four Stake officers of the Relief. Society were present and six wanloflicers. : t1i L'Mir civ 1 um ritwni. rf .ii,us were reported favorably, though there had been' much sickness and some deaths' in the Lnnnnit,. ward since last conference. The sisters of the Relief Society of that ward h ave lihfl work to perform in taking care of the sick auu laying uui unu dressing me (lead, but by being humble they are blessed. President Mabel A.' Hakes had been to Salt Lake to General Conference to represent bur Stake since our last conference, and was glad she could do so favorably'. The '.subjects spoken upon were storing grain, or as we have to do, canning it, on account of so many insects in this country, Li'cyntiiia Roinnxs, Sec. after' world' the fashions of the following MCAK I.AKK STAKICr and unity, charity example, etc., all tend. ing to. strengthen and encourage the sisters .Minutes of the.Reliel Society conference in well doing, making. 4hisone of the best of Bear Lake Stake, held in St.. Charles, conferences we have ever had. July 1, jiobo. Anjta K. Fuli.kk, Sec. ' Our officers meeting was held in the school house, commencing at 10 a. m. CASSIA STAKK. President Julia P. Lindsay called the meetMinutes of the conference of the Relief ing to order. Of the Stake officers present Society of Cassia Stake, convened at Fllba there were' Counselor L. M. Hart, Mary June ' 22, 1900, President Louisa Haight Bagley, and Amelia Hoe, Stake aid. -Present Counselor Ann Wilson, presiding Hymn. Prayer by Bishop Kutch. Hymn. various ward presidents, also Stake presi- Roll called, eleven officers of the several dent William T. Jack and counselors. branches present. Minutes of the previous Conference opened by the choir singing conference lead and approved. "O Lord, our Father, let "Thy gr2ce." 1 he .following branches of ' Wells Brother Hess. Prayer by were reported: St. Charles, president First' , , President Louisa Haight felt pleased to ward; Fish Haven, president Second ward: realize. President Lindsay made a few closing remeet with the brethren and sisters of Klba, Garden City, Ovid, North Liberty, Blooin- had a love for the people and was glad to ingtoiiy Liberty, Bennington, Montpelier marks, Ihe choir sang' "Thy God Reigneth" and benediction was pronounced visit her.. and Wardboro. Klder John Bagley. Minutes "of previous conference read and President Lindsay congratulated the by Nancy ILAlxkkd, Stake Sec. the success each branch was accepted.. Reports were given by. Relief presidents-o- n making. Desired to imnress.upon the sisters uuiciy presidents 01 various warns. ,'s't. jqskph stakk. sisters were the necessity of .taking proper care of their the ports showing many-"oThe This mission is no less important conference ofthe Relief energetic and faithful, while others were also of to of sisters had that President the "us St. the now than when given dilatory; Society Oakley by Joseph Stake was held at a Relief Sociotv hou;e nonrlv rnm Dieted. Younu many years alro. Pima, Arizona, June 22, 1900, commencing She loved to labor 'with her sisters in this made President at 10 a. m., President lilizabeth Layton Remarks were James by work of love and grandeur: H. Hart, Counselor L..M. Hart and Sister presiding. After 'singing by the couereAnn'-WilsCounselor advised the Amelia Hoge. Subjects of importance-wergation - and prayer by Ihshop James Guff, . i ... , til Members mothers to teach their children the com- touched uuoil bv the speakers. uic uuiecii run was Cailea. an attendance of seventeen. mandments of God of the Relief Society were encouraged .to showing The teachers Minutes of the conference, held December President William" T. Tack snoke on the continue in the noble ' influence of mothers inthe home and with should be regular i'u their 'visits that the 17, 1899, read and approved. President Layton made opening remarks her family, and the necessity of her attend sisters may' be strengthened ana encouraged expressed her appreciation of ing to spiritual duties, so she will be iully to labor in the accomplishment of the noble in which she of brethren and sisters; urged the Relief Society was the attendance prepared .for duties and responsibilities of purpose for which ' to see to it that their secrethe 'presidents the home. bisters should use their in- organizedfluence for good, both at home and abroad. Several questions were asked which were taries; were alive to their duty, and portrayed the importance of each report being Conference adiourned until 2 d. m. The answered by Stake officers to the satisfac- j correct. .' choir sang "Prayer is the soul's sincere tion of the inquirers. Verbal reports were heard from the Lay-to- n After singing, benediction-- was offered by desire." Prayer by Bishop Thomas Taylor. and Thatcher branches, showing that Afternoon session. Meeting opened by Elder Quint m. Afternoon session of conference was held theinembers were alive to their duties, the choir singing "Softly beams the sacred house, commencing at 2 p. Avere storing grain and sending missionaries dawning' Prayer by Brother William F. in the meeting by President monthly to the Y. L and Primary AssociaBrim. Singing "Our God we raise, to m. , meeting, called to orderchoir. : Prayer tions. Thee." Lindsay. Singing by the Stake Aid .Elizabeth Moody felt that we Philemon Lindsay. Sing-ing- , President John' L. Smith. . spoke on the offered Sacram&ntXidrnin-istered- . were greatly, blessed- by having our grain "0," my Father." duty ot teachers, we should go with tne Spoke ,to the sisWhile the bread and water was and fruit farms matured Hpirii of God and teach the principles of the ters about drying and canning, fruit and being partaken of, the choir sang "Ye chilGospel. , making it secure from moth that it might Sister Rosabell- A. Brim exhorted all to dren of our God." President Lindsay said she had muclr be kept for a time of scarcity. The prophets-havimprove every opportunity : to learn the declared that famine would come and had pleasure in meeting in conference, principles of the Gospel. If we live pure, without receiv their words will not fail. President William Harper.said if we never yet performed a duty Ti 1 r.r,. 4 . it . , -- in--- - . ; - . ' . . . . . . . . the-societ- ' ' - 4 semi-annu- n. g.-ai- al - - on 'i L 1 .- 1 1 rraT; '. - 1 ' . - . ; , - -- ... . by-Bisho- ..i.i . - -- . -- - - e - T-,- . 