W THE WAYSIDE WELL lie popped at the wayside 'well. ' 'T'K. V 4J - - - to drop by the matron's; window.' I did not "I came into the church of my own acknow, neither did I care, but when I cord," I said, "after being fully convinced Wherv the water was tool and deep"; Started,. un stairs a 1.i1v m.-mo h, that it was true." This ended our talk for were feathery ferns 'twit the mossy stones. Th.-rlooked very aiigry and said, "What have that day; And ,sraV v,"afi 'lc yon been down for? Do. you 'not know I had let some of the take the !c left his t an aage ulone, tlie rules.'" She then a.,ked my name and books that I had with me. topatients and read, many Nor Vi'i!l! en.u hinan imr tootman-teltold hack-anrae to of reatfthe go the to that listen to me in rules, patients began ,Vhv the master stopped 4in the dusty road in w theyjvere drink at the ayside well. 'But Sunday iny room, and said. "Do not telling about the Gospel. Kt me see you down again until after ten." came again and this time when the minister I! ; s.vayed with his ungloved hands I did not 'for I did not came in. he had' with him all iriy books and say anvthing, The creaking and slow. kuow to wiiat sav; and as for the rulles, told me that it was not allowed for me to Vl::!e tmm seam ana scar in tne bucket s side I never hack lashed did below, water read. them. The do as I had done, and that if they wanted to At eleven o clock the bell rang lor church, hear from me they would have to come into, He lifted if to the curb. I but "In said to the sick woman the same my room Lut that I might have the privi- And bent t the bucket's brim; room that I would not go to their church, Nil fnrrows of time had marked lege cf talking to them if they wanted to looked back at him. The She said I must, but I still insisted that I ,come into my" room and listen. He then woudd not I a was bt:t I then fanner's saw told that would legan to ask questions about our religion, go. lie boy, have to take the blame. As he stooped o'er the brim-tdrink. I wanted 'to get which I answered very readily. He said And ruddy and tanned was the laugh m face out and did not care for the blame that In iiiwWotnnrl tlmt we hnd n iww lUh hut That met him over the brink. I told "him that was net true. After an wuki oe given me. After the service the minister was shown hour's conversation he left. The eyes were sunny and clear, And' the brow nndimmed by care, in by the nurse.. He looked at my name On his next visit, the Wednesday followWhile from under" the rim of the old straw hat on the card at the head of said the bed, and ing, I was very 'low. I had been taken Strayed Cnrls of chestnut hair. 111 T a Stern VOlCC Snmh Rirtlf"; Hi(I tint vrv .nr oiid t1iv 1m, tlit mi In o Me turned away with a. sigh; see you at church today." bath and it came "near ending my life. I Nor could footman or coachman tell men ne to Know my reason, and tainted beiore I had been in there two warned Whv the master stopped in his ride that dav In m i told it was To drink at the wayside well just because I did not minutes, and they took me out and rolled want to go. I was asked whether. I had me up in a blanket and carried me to my W.m.u k Li:.km i). read those rules, or if I could not read ? room aid laid me on the bed, they thought Hut I informed them that I could, but did I was dead.. Several of the inmates AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SARAH B. LAYTON? gathered not care to read their rules. The minister around me and felt my pulse, but.nosigus (Continued.) wanted to know if I did not believe in re- of life could tftey find. I could hear everyI declined to tell him at that thing that they said and feel every touch In my eighteenth year Lagain took sick. ligion, but never Iliad seen time, him before. He but I could not move nor breathe. The I lost the use of my right hand, and that left me then. He was a very pleasant ap- next thing I heard was that I must be was a great trial to me, not to be able to moved to the dead house. AVhat a feeling use mv hand, for with that I had earned pearing' man and gentlemanly in his man ner. His hair vas very white and he How I prayed to the Lord to give me much. I then "tried braiding straw, but seemed very nice. strength to make some sign. At that my hand'o.ntinued getting weaker, and at When he left the room the nurse asked moment a young woman by the name of last I could df nothing The doctor cune to church? "For," Mary Harris suggested that they try putting and examined it and said it was my spine me why I objected to that was affected and that I would have to said she, "you must go as long as you stay a looking glass to my lips and press it hard, and that if. there were any life it would be goto the. hospital at once. I' thought I uere. But I told her I would not, for the shown by the breath on the glass. This could never stand to .go there, as I had never been from home one night in my life, church I believed in taught me better. I was tried and to the astonishment of them "dead-house- " but now to leave my home and friends, it was then asked what that church was, and I they found the sign. The word struck terror to me. In a short seemed as if it were more than I could told her that it was the Church of Jesus I could open, my eyes, but I found that bear. Saints. She said she time Our presiding Klder advised me to Christ of Gatter-daI was very helpless, for I had not strength It was a Saturday when I went. It was very sorry for me. for she said they go. . to speak. was about ten miles from home. Mother were a very wicked people; tueir leader When the minister came in the next and the folks said that I could go an out was a false prophet. trom that time I began to tell about the Sunday he seemed troubled when he saw . patient, that of course would allow me to I told him thatX would be I had some books with me and I me so weak. live at home, but go to the doctorjor treatGospel. better when he came next time. As t ment. Wheir I arrived there the. doctor told them to read them. It was soon the room he called the nurse out and told said he would have to examine my back, known all hrough the building that I was so lie drew'' his thumb down my back so a Mormon, Some came in the room to see her that if there was anything that I wanted Some said to let him know what it was and he would hard that I shall never forget it.. He said me, to see what I looked like. see that it was made rig'ht He said that that I would have to come an in pitient. they were, afraid to pass the room, but I life was too precious to be neglected. That meant that I should stay in the hostold them there was no danger, and some my She came in and told me, but I said that I cried said that I ought not to be allowed, to be in pital for treatment all the timeI tried to show them that it there was nothing I needed. aud said that I would rather go home and the hospital. Before he came again I had been almost die than to stay there, but mother told me was- the true Gospel that was spoken df in used up. My. back was cupped; that is, that if I would stay there I might get the the Bible, that should be restored m. the last had laid me on my face and cut twelve use'uf my hand. That was a great trial to days by an angel who was to fly through they on each side of my backbone, and me. I was taken up to the fourth story the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gashes then rubbed me with something that saliand was shown "into what is called a two- - Gospel to preach to those who dwelt upon vated the whole of my back. The marks 1. k...1.J1 It ueuueu wara. l waiKea in ana mere iouuu the earth. There were none there who Had still are there and will be as long asT live. a. strange woman occupying the pnej I was ever heard an Elder preach, and they knew He, the minister came and seemed to feel to occupy the ether, Everything was as nothing of it but from rumors. so very sorry for me in my suffering, and clean and neat as it could be. Well, Wednesday came, the day for all to would spend considerable time with', me and My supper was some milk porridge, but go to church again; but again I was absent. ask if there wis anything that I could fancy. f i.o 1io!rl nnf pnillP TIlfMI PStllP At the close of their service the minister mi' The next week Lady Jane Pym drove up .r.t some uic nurse wiin meuicme auu sumc again come to me and spoke of my being to the hospital and inquired for me and opium to put me to sleep; but it did not put absent, and asked what church I belonged offered any assistance that I needed in the me to sleep that night. to, was it the Methodist, Calvinist or way of comforts. , The matron showed me It was springtime and everything was Presbyterian, or what was it ? all the Tespect that it wras possible for her to. beautiful outside, the shade 'trees and the "I do hope," said he, "that you do not She would come in aud sit and talk with me. gravel walks, but there was no pleasure, belong to that deluded sect called Mormons, for me, for I was a stranger to everybody. led by that imposter, Joe Smith." (To be continued.) - quickly said, "I do belong to that very I went to a large window and dropped a towel out so that I could go out for it. r. ,1 church that you speak of." If you, would have your songs endure, He felt sorry that so young, a girl asT went, glad to get put of my- prison, to the builci on the human heart. . should be led into such a delusion. it. It . ' t " , , l well-swee- p, ?are face-tha- ' o i 1 ' ? - , .. . , . ! . g-- y . he-lef- -- - " : 1 1 1 1 j . I ini-ics- i i ' . - , I 7 - place where I had dropped happened 