WOMAN'S HXPONKNT. Woman's Exponent EMMEt.tSE TiiKi-.!:-.- , T'-fi:"- :: 5o't ! E.LS. if '. Editor an I EuiUsher. - in Salt 'Lake. City,' Utah, .'Uirn--.r.thy- on pi on- - ear, Ji.oo; one.' copy six moriths, No reluct, cm liii - lor clubs, City papers' Jc!iv-errt rna:!, cxtr.i f r j ift one ye.ir, 25 cts. U v ! . of nonparkl A Mitral rates: p.nn ten lin t,mc $2.50; pir month, 3.00. to re ;!:ir advertisers. A'!vjtihg ne spat Iaiovknt o:h,:e Room 203 Templeton, South Tctnplc Street: hours from in a. in. to 5 pm., every flay, except Sunday. H.i-.im- A'J'lrc s Mrs i:. .B. Enter el .it the Lakf. CiiYt'iAH. lit Oe in Sit Lake City, matter. eionJ-titis- s Si.t Lki; Cnv, w WKI.I-S- , Salt Lt.ih, as . L'iaif, Nov. 15 Dfc.i, some menu cards'and a beautiful rose wcre provided for each guest,' and the table.i arranged in the form of the letter T were' set' Mrs. Morrison, chaplain for fifty persons. of the St Paul Lodge, pronounced the blessin and the most social geniality ..prevailed The president of tbe among the guests. Minnesota Post gave a 'tribute of welcome toher superior the Mrs. Carr, to which the lady replied in fitting words of goodfellowship and love .. i r. r lor tue cause or wnicn mey unitedly stood. One" or two others of the local Relief Corps officers of the and Council, including spoke, fhe. writer, complied briefly, with the polite request. Mrs. Higbee and the other Past presidents of the Local Council of Miune-apoli- s each added a few cjioice words of greeting and welcome, making the atTair "a feast of reason and a flow of soul." The same evening a reception was given by these ladies in the parlors of the Nicolet . if). THE NEW CENTURY. Whatever may be the fate of the woild a century later one cannot help feeling and realizing that the United States, the Republic of America is marching onward to a American women have high destiny. brought about great changes in the last fifty years the advance., towards a higher civilization, a purer and better government is largely due to) the women reformers and educators, not only here, but in 'other countries. The rapid strides that are being made in the arts and sciences are not altogether man's achievements, woman, too, lias striven courageously in these directions and against popular prejudice, making it so much the more difficult to attain a degree ol -- -- e, -- . - . far-fame- d - ; TIntfl 1 - nt : -' -- General-Presiden- 1 . t, . 1 finite nnmliMr nf. (rpiitldnum n being present, urana Army men. and other citizens mingling in the brilliant, affair. Many handsome costumes were worn and decorations of the order and flags and banners were quite conspicuous. Patriotic musical selections by the band; and fruit punch was served by young girls in soft, dainty silk and organdy dresses of the most approved styles, with ribbons and laces to match. It was a festive occasion and one full of pleasant memories of the grand women who ire interested in the. home and . the state of Minnesota, and the welfare of Such women are growing in the world. " numbers throughout this great and free Republic. Mrs.' McCune arrived in time for the evening reception, she having to travel from Omaha on another route from the writer. foretells. REPORT OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL, excellence equal with man. Development -- goes forward and ideas acThe National Council of Women of the cumulate as the world grows older, and United States held its annual business sesmen and women who seriously contemplate sion in Minneapolis, Minnesota, this year, life and action, and who engage in any purby invitation of the Local Council of that suit or calling of a lofty nature, enter upon city. These meetings were set for Novemit. heart and soul and seem to be lifted a ber 13, 14, and 15, 1900, but from the by sort of mental and spiritual enthusiasm into multiplicity of business to be transacted, it higher ranges of sublimity than were known was not possible to close the executive a hundred ye;trs ago. meetings until Friday, November 1 6, at Woman's future in business will be largeone p. ni., and even then some matters for ly, assuredly the movement were left over to be fiuished by the is gaining ground steadily; but men and General officers. women will unite generally, in these lines These were indeed most and women can be trusted in many matters. meetings of this great Council,interesting and the They consider business matters more Minneapolis ladies proved their generous With them a steady' occupation hospitality and welcome, as well as seriously. symis almost a religion, conscience enters with cause the of woman's work in pathy largely into their' dhily life. that Already many ways, gave the Council good women have covered a broad field in this and lasting impressions of their warmdirection, in figuies and mathematics many heartedness and nobility; also of the Mayor of the sex are experts. As clerks, stenoand citizens of that enterprising and rapidly graphers and accountants they are more growing city of the Minnehaha. We regret that the weather was so ingenerally reliable than men, for the simple reason mat tney are less given to habits of clement when the meetings closed that we .dissipation, smoking, drinking, and so forth, could not, venture out to see those beautiful and consequently less inclined to make falls mentioned by one of our errors. American poets. . in the favoritegreatest poem Thecoiscienlious delicacy and tact, "Hiawatha." naturai to thejeniiuine nature "fits them pal-On Monday, November 12, a luncheon for some;of the professions, especialticularly was given by the ladies of the Relief Corps the it and ly medical, cannot be gainsaid of that Post at half at the past one, Nicolet. that so far where opportunity has been given Hotel, in honor of their General-Presidewomen in the professions, they have shown Mrs. Mary L. Carr, of Denver, and the themselves, in almost everyustance, on! officers of the Council. Only a few ladies record, equal to the occasion, However perhad yet arrived, but we who had come in plexjng or difficult, or even embarassing early were welcomed. royally The ' the situation might be. parlori were gaily decora ted and the That we are now on the threshold of banquet prepared was on a magnificent scale. Hand- - officer, 1 co-operati- all lr.r,:ness eomnlunicat.ons tc 'l greater changes than nave ever taken place in the world's historx, one must believe., who watches the, trend of events, and assuredly these wonderful changes are for the uplifting and letterment- of mankind and all humanity. The spiritual vision is clearer, greater light and knowledge has. come through research and the development )f. higher intelligence, a nd we are appioaching a sublime crisis in the dawning of the new century. That Jhe future business of the world will be conducted by men and women in movements and institutions, and that thus greater progress will be made beindustrially, there can be little doubt, cause both are equally interested in the success of enterprises and the strong elements of man's nature can be modified by intuition and the painstaking and persistency of the' feminine in woman. There will be greater improvement along all lines of business and trades when women not only give advici and lend their influence,, but w,hen they actually manipulate side by side the modus operandi of the great schemes now almost entirely in the hands of men. Domestic service, hygiene and sanitation will Income so perfect in household matters that the drudgery of cooking will no longer be a terror to the young bride, her own knowledge of the science of life and of living will be her safeguard, and the young mother will never know (by experience) the bitter trials of the mothers of the psst centuries, for knowledge is power and the night of ignorance is fast passing, and the morning of science is dawning and the next generation will bak in its light, and it may be that man will so order his life that he may live to the age of ajtree, as the scripture On Tuesday fro.n forir to six, another reception was tendered by Mrs. Walker, of Minneapolis, and other local ladies, to the Council, at the handsome residence of Mis. Walker, who is famous for her philanthropic work and, for her personal help in the way" of culture to the public. Kvery day, we were informed, her gallery of choice paintings is thrown open so that the students and people desiring to avail themselves of this privilege of cultivating the eye and : i, ncuut. 1... uy gazing upon me worKiuauMiip wi great artists, have a wonderful advantage jn this private collection, many of them gems of great value. Here, too, the ladies wrere entertained uniquely by a band of girl musicians, who discoursed sweet strains of music during the entire time, and the music room and dining room were beautifully decorated with a variety of lovely flowers, daintily scattered'about here and there. Tea, coffee and cocoa, with wafers, Candies and, cake,, were served to all guests who could leave the picture gallery long enough to partake of the dainty refreshments. At the table we had the pleasure of meeting Mrs. Has- . .11 r .1 Ken, wnose iatner ana nusDana are newspaper people of the Boston Herald, and Mrs. Holmau,' Tribune; Minneapolis daughter of the. hostess, and widow of the Reverend Dr. Holmau, who took, a tour through Utah for his health a few years Mrs. Holman speaks with much ago. ' feeling of the kindness received from our people in the south, and we very much enjoyed a few minutes conversation with one who had sojourned for a time among our people and knew something of their cor She mentioned diality to strangers. . 1 1 1 ...-i.- :. ii 11 . t C . 