'WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. m jvauan, A,ail.w.uitj.. :nns and Brooks of .St. George. . . ine i.ocaiouncu , oi Minneapolis also s t-- VU-u- - n a gaw n iLCi-jniw- n and members of, ' . i un. wiueeis, ueiegaies National Council on ' Thursday altemoon at half past three, in s the parlors of .the West Hotel, the Mrs. Higbee, the headquarters. president of the Council, was liostess. Mr. uau, uie president wngm ...May jLhe dreSSUaSn mnternW,. nnrl n trrr-nrn( t President C. O. Card's birthday,. Novem to the Council, as wnthelmmo extended ber 5, of this year, the day was uiade a . by Mrs. Leach and Mrs, Tuttle, of Min social event at the Card home in Cardston, neapolis, and also that of- - Mayor James Canada, aiul the commodious new brck The Mayor dwelt resilience of the family was dedicated with bray oi that city. much nou women influencing public sentiMay health, prosappropriate ceremony. ment and their work in education, and on perity and all that' tends to make life the school boards, "etc. Certainly one of the valuable te and abide with President Card' ablest sjeecles made during any of the opejiJ and his entne family, and especially do we meetings, was on Tuesday evening, by rejoice that Sister oung Card has a home Professor Maria Sanford, of the University wheie she can dispense' the generous hosof Minnesota. She elaborated unon the pitality in a social, way which she has almen ways delighted in doing. larger life with 'broader purposes, and women would work .together upon Since tair last issue of the paper visits practical matters in the home, the citv, the have been made by members of the General Gave state, the country and the world. Board and others. Cache Stake conference practical illustrations of what cnildren had at Logan, President Jane S. Richards and been induced to do in cleaning and beautify Sister Eilen J. Stevens; Oneida Stake connig that city, etc, when sufhciently aroused ference, at Preston, President Susm Grant, by means of prizes offered and such like inalso' accompanied President L. B. Benwho ducements. At ihe gathering extended by the Local son, of the Relief Society of that Stake in her visits to each of the settlements where she Council, as at all the others, we met many has jurisdiction. . Sister L. Enla Greene beautiful women, one cannot even remetii Richards attended Tooele Stake conference, ber the names, but it was an exchange of at Gra.ntsville. We have a. letter from greetings between women of a great variety President Aim C. Woodbury, who has of faiths' and from all points f the compass. been visiting through the Southern Music of the choicest kind; and Hags and recently of St. George Stake visiting and holdflowers in available places gladdened the eye part and enlivened the scene. In a eatherina" of ing meetings with every Relief Society in the locality, ami from others who have this sort one notes the many highly, intel visited at a distance, which will be published lectual faces that make the ocoasion more . t , - 53 1 . - . - Coun-v-cil'- uie lniernauojiar Council, was preseni ai uns lecepuon, out was obliged to leave early for home. She, as well as Mrs. Fannie Humphreys GaiTney, always shine in brilliant assemblies of this kind, Both have great charms and dress .with ex- The w riter imagines that one, c.ellent Uste. won kl know at a glance that Mrs. Gafiney lived m tne e.ity ot Aew. ork, both by her Dr. Kate Waller dress and maimers. Barrett, although always in the black garb of her calling, is a woman of the South, one must know it by her Southern polish and one carries the unmistakable attraction, stamp both m manner and .speech. Bnl- liant, witty and emotional and a wonderful Kev. Annie Garlin Spencer is speaker. anUUer type with all tlie collegiate graces of manner and correctness of language. Her costume gray might make one suspect her a Quaker, and she comes from "Providence, Rhodelsland; but instead ot Puritianism she later. ' linllc iiuhi.i iM'ict lirrill unvi liKi.ril' wiuau otifl liuviill tMniii Jkv.' attractive than aught else. Unexpectedly On Tuesthy,v November 20, President religious questions and all others. Then one meets with kindred spirits, and here Wethers-fielM. Isabella Home reached the we have Mrs. Solomon, a pronounced Jewish we met one of the Wells family of great age of A p irty was given in her honor and Hartford, also one of the Whitneys 82 years type., but with the grand and lofty aspiralions of the tribe of Judah concerning her of New England. by her daughters at the residence of her people, inteiested in all that makes fort heir About Very little time can be given to social' daughter, "Mrs. Minnie II. James. ut especially in religion and gatherings when the Council meets for twenty of the istersliud intimate personal advancement, the hiclt , a woman .ot strong character. morning, afternoon and evening sessions. friends were present, among thei the Though, as our readers know, we are not There are meetings to Xi attendee1 and work venerable sisters, Presidents Zina SD. II given to describing costumes, yet while to be accomplished as well as speeches and Young and BathshebaSmith, Sister others Mrs. McCune, of our reports to be listened to, if one keeps in Julia C. Howe and other- dear friends and own city, might with all due propriety be touch with the snirit of the Council. News- - relatives. Many loving congratulations spoken of, because she woreau elegant Paris papsr women seemed to enter most heartily were extended to the veteran Mother in gown of black lace which suited her style into the real merits of the Council, and to Israel and tokens of.- remembrance given. were served Bnd after remarkably well, and was sufficiently con- - comprehend its highest ideals. The objects of the Council have been sweet interchange of greetings, and so forth'! spicuous for the writer to observe, even furthered at this meeting and among so many elegant dresses. may look Sister Home blessed the sisters present, in Mrs. Peck, the was not forward to hopeful suggestions from these a song or chant in the gift of tongues, able to, be present, but there were presidents able women. A, telegram received from which; was very gratifying and inspirational. and delegates from many ''of ..the National Miss Anthony said: "'I send greetings to Sister. Zina 'gave the interpretation in her ' organizations belonging to the Council, my daughters of the most comprehensive sweet, motherly way an 3 a general time of some of whom we knew well and others, we organization of women, and the one The Exrejoicing was enjoyed by all. ' its had not known heretofore. Mrs. Mary which I hae the greatest hope. ponent offers best congratulations to this aged mother and sister, and desires that she Newbury Adams, of Iowa; Mrs. I. C. or so long as may live many years-yetManchester, of Rhode Island; Mrs. Fiske, EDITORIAL NOTES. she can retain her faculties of mind and of Minneapolis; Mrs. Lillian K. Hollister, Prof. Evan Stephens has begun the com of Michigan; Mrs. Emma R'. Wallace, of activity of body, or while life is desirable. a of Hymn Book for the. Chicago, and Mrs. Flo Jameson Miller, of pilation Illinois. Miss Bovver", of Detroit, and. Mrs. Primary Associations suitable to the needs UINTAH STAKE' Terrell of Washington, D. C., were women and understanding of the little folks, and in vocal, lye had ktunvn previously'. some of them for that will stimulate them to excel Minutes, of the 24th conference of the and the understand We hymns Uintah Stake, held September 6, 1900 The new acquaintances .we exercises. many years. are and writers local are carefully President Sarah Pop? presiding. met more familiarly were Mrs. Olds, of songs by Singing' selected. "Redeemer Mrs. Woods 111.; Israel." Klyria, Ohio; of, Quincy, Prayer by Counselor Mrs. Glazier, of Ft. Madison, Iowa; Mrs. K. A. Bartlett. Sincincr. "We thnnt We acknowledge with sincere thanks the O for Burns, of Michigan; Miss Maunenng, of Thee, God, a'prophet." Roll called," of the little pamphlet of the late Congift four Mrs. a Stake of and. seven us who .ward officers present! Chicago; copy gave Parry, whichiis a, brief sum her poems, and Dr. Cora Smith Eaton, of ference and banquet, of Minutes the previous conference read and of Primary work,.though not given in I mary schoolfellow7 a and Minneapolis,approved. statistics, the papers and remarks President Sarah Pope was 'pleased to Miss Babcock's, who was dethe progress of , this beautiful work lighted to see us because we knew her at of Zion There cannot again have tlie privilege of meeting; with children the among the- sisters in conference, and said w"e had home in Salt Lake, and. sent loving mesbe too much said of this noble undertaking wrth' usitwo sisters from headquarters and r sages to her by us. of these good sisters who freely, for the. no doubt9 all would be phased There is not snaee to tell all the srood to hear from ' , things about the women of the Council, but th nr:marv ,Vork which lies at tJie found-- ' them. we mustmention one or two facts. The different branches of the society were First, ation of the Hyes of those wll0 are to be taat Mrs. Gaffney is a fine, presiding officer, the 0f the Church in days to reported as being in very good condition. yer Sister Mary E. Irvine said she was nor. here for pleasure, but because she was pauer.ee and always punctual and knows on how to economize time. Tier opening ad- called. President Joseph Smith turned the We are very much pleased to hear that ; pt if -.- -- : . - -- d - -- s - - Dainty-refreshment- Vice-Presiden- s 'e t, m , -- -- " y ' j j ! - fellow?-graduate;- .' of show-plainl- y . . - . I J b-ar- 