S: Thy Ballot vi the Hands of the. tyomen of Utah, slwulcfle a Power to. better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. . j SALT LAKl; CITY, cox'rrrrs. AT!:.nks.;ivin Irt fill - Incident R. S. Ui v uinK'i A Ma:iifcstarii;i I'rim.trv OHh'crs Reunion a look' was . Ai::it Km , . .', .) 50 ,'. 5., NGVKMBKR UTAH, eyes, so-pitiftt- lly 15, & DKCKMimR chough to bring tears to her young and tender-hearted was this bride of a few "months.. breakfast table' presented some ap51 C pearance of approaching .festivities, with St of S,!: .'l 51 evergreen vines and bowl's of winter N't'ws 51 savory ...... 53 flowers, and the indispensable Ui':t..h Stake.' the tho' IJut and meats pumpkin' pie. The Philippine Situation v('ra4c Anderson . (')!!: nary 5 J family urged 'the young couple to remain Woman A (lone ..John ("lark 55 with them, Mrs II could not consent, and ;.il 15. of Sarah Ai'.t''ioraphy 5; Layt'n. soon the merry sleigh bells were jingling of Wonu-A Stanton at the dor, and)ff they flew over the hills New Century and' down the accustomed road by the pond 52 !jiioi;ii. ofThe tho National Council52 Report where skating was already beginning, for. llilitorial Xotes 53 the weather was cold in those days and Ellis R. Shipp PoFiky: Sometimes:.'. ) snow and ice were plentiful. T e Mother 51 The sleigh ride was exhilarating and the gloom wore off as they gaily sped along, SOMETIMES. every house, every tree was familiar1, and we find a pearlujxm tlie shore. they talked of the village people as they Of perfect tint, and form of untold worth, sped over the country roads', but ever and And there beside the ocean's ceaseless roar. anon came to the young wife the forebodWe marvel such a ;eni could be for earth. of the old ings of the future leavc-takiuS'Ou times there floats on ether's ozone wave, home and friends, the forest, through A fragrant breath, as from an unseen tlower, ' which they .drove on their way reminded As if it were Immortal Hand that gave. her most of all of what it would beto leave Tiie luscious increase from Klysian bower. the dear old woods and giant trees under Sometimes we hear A strain, which she had so often sat and dreamed Rreaihed forth in twilight's holy, soothing hour, Vf h ch th rills the finest tendiils of "t h e b ra i n wide awake of the happy days to come. As by electric and enchanting power. "And now. were these day dreams to be realized?" was her .thought as she sped Sometimes there comes to us so fair a day, homeward. A sky so blue, so free from darkening cloud, , beautiful Looking nt the house ahd While all our senses sing and praise aloud. in the white' snow, out c:;jne the dear Sometimes we find a perfect summer land, ones to ,we!come her, and her thoughts AVhere balmy breezes bear the fragrant breath is a day for giving thanks." were, Of ever blooming flowers, where nature's hand "We are all here except one or two the earth with nature's Uoth ne'er whom we expect later because of .the disdeath. ... tance," said the dear mother. "We're Sometimes we meet in life a noble friend, glad io see you here, we were fearful you Who true and faithful proves e'en unto death, Now we would be detained at home. Our inmost natures seem in one to blend As roses with the summer zephyrs breath.' shall all be together once more before you take that long journey Westward." Sometimes in life the human heart may know Those were not the dayrf of fast trains A love devoted, fervent, true and pure; Affection that will betfn with ne'er unceasing and electric cars. People came from niilcs ' glow, coaches or one, away in Through all life's fitful changes we endure. horse chaise to celebrate festive occasions Sometimes there comes to us so great a joy and in the winter time sleighs were plentiA bliss so fraught with holy peace and light ful, everybody used them. A happiness with none of earth's alloy, Which sets all mortal cares and fears to flight. Through the great, wide rooms adorned with hemlock boughs and evergreen vines, Sometimes we have emotions which transcend with the. scarlet berries, the young wife, "AH other blissful feelings here on earth, led by the little ones!, wetted her way, 'Tis when we know that God is our enduring Friend, pausing before the. great fire of pine knots' And through His love we'll gain Celestial birth. off her wraps, fdf the staircase was totake R. Ei.i.is Shipp. cold after the long ride in the frosty mofii Already the younger children ' ing air. A THANKSGIVING INCIDENT. were plying her with questions and telling her how they missed her when gathering Horace, I'm going home to Thanksto decoiate with. giving tomorrow, it will be our last in then evergreens and ferns "We didn't know where to find the pret.'Xew England, if we go West in the spring, tiest vines, such as you always brought and I must spend it in the old home with a mother and the rolks," said a timia young home other years, aud we had such rocks, we'll, bride to her husband, who could not think tramp around by the gr never care to go again even in summer of refusing her, tho' he knew his mother time if you're not here to show us." would object, which she did very strongly. "Come and look at the table, Sarah, you But young Mrs. H. was determined, tho' saddened by the opposition, or .did she will see what a Thanksgiving dinner have premonitions of the future which she smoking Uiot is ready, only .waiting for William and Eliza, with little Isadore," could not. comprehend. Be that as it may, and before the party reached the. North we shall see what followed. when tables were Thanksgiving morning came after a room- never used except because too large to sleepless night, for so. sensitive was the set for many ..guests, warm with only a fireplace another sleigh young bride that an unkind word or even I.ncv M. Hilton '. .(IracL Anderson A. L. Johnson 1 rc Us-aili- ""'The 1 l . . . . t K.-C- c, - g S'.vtet,-'entrancin- g i ' ; o'er-sprea- . d old-fashion- ed . - 1,' J 1900, came jingling its bells up-th- e Nos. 1 2 & 1 lane, and out the occupants, and wild with delight came little Katie and all the crowd to grett with rcalthanksgiving the .new arrivals.Soon all were seated; the mother having arranged themall in order on each side with the eldest married son at the' head of the table to carve the steaming roast ' turkey while she served the vegetables, taking sp rial pains to have the baked beans piping hot from the largj brown earthen pan in which they had come lrom the gnat brick oven in the kitchen. The motuer herself pronounced the blessing 'and the feasting was graced with the usual New Kngland Table Tolk of bounteous harvests and Thanksgiving events, entertainments, Hew - sleigh rides and Mills. The dinner over the family gathered' into the long living room where the air was frag-grawith the perfume of spruce and hem.r lock.. Outside the snow was falling, but little heed was paid to the storm, for around the blazing tire the young people aud kept up a constant stream, of lively conversation, laughing, jest and song, nothing could bespeak the genuine enjoy-meand goodfellowship of the household more than this scene presented on that Thanksgiving in the old home. But we must hasten on to tell our story and not linger' over details, however agreeable that m ay "be to us There was a sort of feeling.a premonition among the guests that this was a farewell to shake olT the party, and each one tried darkened their foreboding that seemingly hearts and the house itself, even tho' lamps were lighted and the pine kn.ts Irhnd Around advanced. higher as the evening the hearth in a half semicircle the family of frolic and adgroup gathered, and stories the gloom, and venture were told to dispel old, old songs wereisung and childhood's memories, recalled, and as it grew late, the little ones were put to bed with prayers around the upon their lips', and the ring on a sudden, fireside broken in upon, when in the middle of .singing "Lochinvar," the burst upon the jovous music of a band flung open and evening air; the doors were in came the jolly crowd of musicians and distheir friends. It broke the spell and a few hours sweet pelled the gloom and for rooms and gladstrains of muoic' filled the a chorus of dened all hearts, and was indeed we owe to thanksgiving and praise. What to express. music is indeed beyond language come had The young people and the bandnot having in unbidden to salute the bride, the bridal had the opportunity to serenade as they party at the time of their wedding, to the adjacent had gone away immediately were at the old town, but hearing they and also being home for Thanksgiving, West in .the aware of their intention to go time, and Spring, this was an opportune kept up to a the music and revelry was was no further late hour, so that there or to bid chance to indulge in the "blues," had come 'a melancholy adieu to those whoas oneatter in haste, long distances, except after itwa another the sleighs drove away, ut chil-dre- n nt : , past the midnightJiour? : ; 