woman's Exponent. 4 - , Africa and saw the Transvaal and Orange Free State flag occupying the. position he had marked for the British emblem.' In order that he might strike at.. the head he determined t commence operation by first attacking and exterminating the Transvaal as the fall, of that would carry with it the This was the plot ,f Orange Free State. the Jameson raid formed, but' the dream so near realization one dav was dissolved the next, and he was obliged taasvign the. premiership of Cape Colony. The failure of this raid was especially galling to Rhodes, as it was the first time his great political schemes had failed. He then planned upon a commercial death by opening Rhodesia Several thousand persons for settlement. .WCIC 1UICU liUiii iueu uapujr num..t, ikh a and about then remained wire year, only the Transvaal and Oorn to back to go glad In the last ten or twelve years the Paul. Transvaal country has proved to le of such enormous value that it has attracted and will continue to attract investors from all The gold products parts of the world. alone yield over one hundred and twenty-fiv- e million dollars a year, more than a Coal in third of the world's production. good quantities has been found,, but the process of development is so slow that almost all the coal comes from Wales. Lately American coal has secured a firm foothold. Everything in the eatable line is grown in . . the Transvaal except sugar and coffee. They have vast timber lands, but almost all timber used in the mining district is' transported from Puget Sound, the native timber being unsuited for the underground supports. is so much' bitterness there would1 be no then' It would be better happiness. .each one could say 'I have fought thegood I have fight, I have finished my course, is laid up kept the faith. Henceforth there !'. for me a crown of righteousness.' to-die- v - Luella M. Rhodes. AN INTERESTING JOURNEY. Mrs. Enimdinz . Wells: . -- - , to 21. jy ' It is said that if the worst came the Boers have sufficient food sluff stored away- in the Z outpanberg mountains to last iS months. Mr." Kruger says, "We are a pecular. God if and wills that lose people our we independence, then it is better we should all pass away. A Boer would brood over bis thoughts, the women and children would hate the conqueror, and when there - . , where we stopped one week" strangers. Then to Brainard, Min we stopped a "week with a: sister then to Clearwater, Minn., visited a o.Vjr.' Next stop at Minneapolis .and- St. pai: where we visited all places of interest aV.d arrived in Chicago, September 14, ny-y- ! m,, more impressed than everthat there is not a yard of this earth but what is beautiful I and wonderful beyond in the bea'uty everywhere, sunshine, in the' in in woman. Where can man, shadows, feast your eyes on beauty. you look and not We had a glorious trip alid ho occurrence to mar our pleasure. For that reavj:i v.c hold to the truth that all is goo J, God made everything that was made and '.called it A; good, tlreretore we call everything is our coming consequently good way all the time. Should you see Judge and Mrs. Kirmty please gfve them my best regards, also accept the same. vy Dakota, in-la- v - t. Since returning home from my very delightful trip, among my papers I found the Woman's Exponent you gave me, rand thinking of you was of my promise to write to you. We had a very delightful trip from start to finish, and would Jiave been delighted, if the limitation of our travels liad permitted, to have remained a week longer in the beautiful'and impressive Salt .Lake City'; a city which is a marvel to me in many wiys. Its rise and rapid growth from a barren and an alkali plain; its. broad beautiful streets, bordered with immense trees of luxurious foliage, and the heautitul Temple and stately buildings, also commercial buildings and fine houses; those beautilul mountains with their different soft pinky shades, en-- , shrouded in the hazy atmosphere, is ever a delight which I never would tire of looking upon. The greatest marvel is the Mormon Church, which I in my ignorance had supposed was almost a relic of the past, to find such large audiences and following, and the greatest mystery of all to me is the belief. , Dear Friend: le-ruinde- - We m -- Sf-- d - .. three weeks in a Spokane, city Thus it is easy to see the reason the amongspent the pinesand mountains, and found British want this is so The yield country. enormous and the Transvaal being an inland state it promises a feeding ground for those states between it and the sea. Every ton of freight that enters the Transvaal from the sea, L subject to a high custom duty. Freight shipped-froEurope is taxed by the steamship line, the Cape Colony R. R., the Orange Free State tax it before allowing it to pass through the territory and then the Transvaal custom duties. Mr. Kruger says all the blame of this war is on Rhodes, with Miller and Chamberlain as assistants, and he says they, will not be content until the Brirish flig floats over the whole of Africa. All the land that England has in South Africa she. has taken at the muzzles of repeating rifles and machine guns. This seems to be the civilized method ofextending the bounds of the Mr. empire they talk about so much. Rhodes wants all of the country south of the Zambizi river- united, and must have possession of the Transvaal and Orange Free State before he can be president of the United States of South Africa. The Old Man says we will fight until not one Boer remains to defend our country. The Boers are bom sharpshootersx and from infancy are taught to put a bullet in a buzzard's skull at one hundred yardsaway, sothat the Boer army is filled with lads from may have seen it. We spent sixty yVs very pleasantly there,, then on to many things to interest us in its natural beauty of surroundings and industrial and From there we commercial activities. stopped off a day at Butte, and met a friend who was living there, who made "our stay very pleasant, taking. us all about the tree- less and verdureless city and the wonderful The sulphur from the mining town. smelters has destroyed every green tree, shrub and grass,' leaving the city destitute and naked, as it were, only bare .walls of stone and brush, the homes have the same naked appearance, save on Clark Street wasa small, wedk,wild cucumber vine, scarcely three feet in height. We rode up and up on the mountains, viewing the mines in various places on the ronrtds and also, the city and country at large, sneezing and wheezing from the sulphur fumes. . It was novel and interesting The ores the earth contains, and the e machinery invented to abstract them multi-millionaire- 's man-mad- from thrir hiding places. cWe resumed our journey through the mountainous and picturesque Montana, and made imaginary pictures of what 'that "country, so prolific in gold, copoer and other minerals, Would be in one hundred years from now, as its agricultural: and mineral resources become more fully deV r veloped. Well, the, wonders of the Yellowstone Park were finally reached, and wonderful beyond description were the boiling, bubbling, spouting springs, the colors' and activity are indeed wonderful and so many scattered along, sometimes clustered many together, others solitary in different ntaees Throughout the, Park the ' various mountain, river, lakeand canyon scenery is ever changing and beautiful. . I will not attempt a description, for you - y Yours truly, J. H. Allen. ' ' - LETTER FROM BROOKLYN. I) cat Sister: y '.'. A few months ago you wrote a letter to President Garrett, of the Brooklyn Conference, in reference to the new branch of the I ask your Relief Society just organized. pardon' for not acknowledging the same, The society was organized May 12. In July the president of the society was forced to resign, owing to her leaving Brooklyn. The .society was reorganized and at present we are in good and regular standinghavi::g a roll call of fifteen members. We meet twice a month; one meeting is devoted to business, taking in new members and"' devising plans for the good of the society; the other meeting is devoted to testimonies, readings and anything that will help the spiritual growth of the We feel we have a great work-tsociety. do here in Brooklyn to help, forward the cause of truth and to be an example to the world of what our Elders teach, and our worthy president, Miss Agnes Rose Laue. is anxious for any suggestions or methods we may not have that will help us in our work. We- have given an entertainment w'ftieli proved very successful, both as a social and financial affair, enabling us to raise the means to help those requiring assistance; several are in need of relief. I am sure you will be pleased to hear from us and we ask an interest in your prayers that we may be in love and unity with each other, serving our Master. as opportunities are given us. Hoping to hear from you at an early date, and with God bless you in your noble work,' I am your sister in the Gospel, o - yy Belle Shaffer, Secretary Brooklyn R. S. Madame Jules Simon, the widow of, the nokd French statesman ded on Sep- Mme. Simon was one of the first International Congress of Women's Work in Paris, the first body of women to meet under the ausoices of a national f At the second congress held ; government. in Paris, in June of this year, Mme. Simon was elected, an honorary memento of commemorative appreciation of the services of her illustrious husband. . tember 21. ; vice-presiden- t. 