returned from a visit to Canadi, and had met there an Knglish Lord and his wife and . party. Told us how punctual they were in keying an appointment they had .made with our people to meet some of our folks and dine with them, even though they had to ride arid drive through a heavy rain His storm, both going and returning.' Excellency, remarked, "We. made an ap-- . point ment vand .we would not break it." Sister Smith felt the people, were prospering there were serving the Lord. The . L A. anil .the Relief Society, the V. Sunday School were all visited, and were I doing a good work. The vegetables raised up there were very large ami excellent, it was easy to raise them. The people had also str.r.ted fruit treess The Saints were enjoying their religion and trying to make an honet living; and. meantime they are making . themselves comfortable homes as circumstances will permit. They are not without recreation, such as dancing parties and simple amusements. President Mary A. Call, of Bannock Stake, stated tint the Stake had only been organized a little over two years, and they felt the need of the visiting sifters to give counsel and encouragement. They had saved some gr.dn and had some: granaries They had found it a goo plan to line the granaries with tin. I)r Ellis H. Shipp had been there and taught a class in obstetrics and nursing. She felt these classes were needed in Zion. Spoke encouragingly upon the progress women were 'making everwhere. President Louisa B. Benson, Oneida Stake, said they had been called upon to donate a hundred dollars towards fixing. up the Academy and they had complied. . She was sure, they would do their share in any undertaking to benefit the society. Spoke very kindly of the retiring president, and said that they valued her services and would like to have the benefit of her counsel and experience. Star Valley. Stake was represented by AnnieK, Kennington, who said: "We have a new president, Sister Alice J. Call, our former president having moved away. We have not a large Stake, we visit every six months. We can't boast much of our We grain, ours is a stock raising country. have one house of our own belonging to the Relief Society. We have never yet had a visit from the leading sisters, but anticipate one sometime, we' shall be very glad to liaeThem come to see us." Pocatello: President Eliza M. Oram said: "During the two years I have presided we have visited the Stake throughout three times. We have ten wards and three hundred members. We are in a scattered condition, though we travel by team and we are united hi "the work. We had a visit from Sister Grant and Sister Stevenson" and we enjoyed their visit very much, they have" the spirit of progress. We- feel there are not enough young women who appreciate w the work of this society. Brother Nuttall came and went through the Stake with us. Our sisters are not rich and money is scarce with us, our sisters cannot give as these who are wofking for a salary. I feel to bless the sisters of the General Board. Sister Grant prophesied to us when she was there and her words came to pass .in less team. afraid and did not come into our. meetings, but now we have a great many of them who attend. .They really did not know the benefit of the Relief Society until they had one in their own locality. We have had Sibter Stevenson's counsel and instruction; we have had in our visits a wonderful portion of the Spirit of God in our meetings in the various places. Iam pleased that we are to have building of our own, every Stake will be interested in this, we are all w working for the same cause. The Young Ladies choir sang a very d L.-M- beautiful hymn, "Ltibor On." The secretary- - gave out notices of meetings and explained some important matters. President Thomas E- Ricks, of Fremont Stake, gave a good report of the sisters' He was thankful for labors in that place. the Relief Society, and that we were to have a place to meet in suitable to our needs. Referred 'to the faithful lalxrts older sisters, some of them who, iiad been faithful since the first days of the Church. President Zina D. II. Young: '.'If I liad the power to bless you, my sisters, more than you are. blest, I would do so; but the blessings of heaven. are with us. ,1 always feel like a babe in the hands of m Father in heaven. Sisters, never speak a word against the authorities of this Church. May we each of us haw wisdom to impart the true principles to our children and to our companions, and to the world, I rejoice in the spirit that has filled this house, the sweet peace, the loving forbearance of our Heavenly Father, that takes us. into sacred nearness to Him. I pray that we may all come together again in the. name of Jesus. Amen." President Jane S. Richards: "I have had several invitations to speak today, but wished to hear fnJm "Sister Zina" and others. I never get tired in a Relief Society meeting. "We have had a glorious- time today in this conference, and I wished to wait until every of-th- . -- 1 - - " - Bingham Stake, President Krama J. Bennett: "We have visited all the places this last spring except oqe. We have to tra vel over, seven hundred miles and jlo it all by -- Stevenson. Iv. B. - " than a month.' the-spir- brethren up there.. At first they seemed - a-n- it of it. ;' When I Temple, she has for went my. grandmother I left her i Brother Edlefson said,-- '.Vo. do for her I wis gratified to have the feel, yourself,' ing that my grandmother was by inland We have everything to en. followed me. courage lis. When Jesus Was upon the earth He worked among the poor, just as we do when3ve. are trying to do the work He did. Weakly people, when they go to a good meeting, come home feeling well and lifted up in" their hearts to go on in doin-- r good. May the Lord bless us and keep us safe, is my prayer. Conference adjourned until ApriL 'iroi. Singing. "God be with you till we meet again." Benediction by Sister Elizabeth J. we ' are "converting, our I believe ! one else had spoken. I have enjoyed the meeting very much, and have felt happy and.had enjoyment in hearing the reports and in listening to the mothers, and especially to Sister Zina. It is a great calling to.be a mother, and to train our children whether we are mothers or grandmothers I, feel as some of the sisters do who have spoken about partaking of the sacrament. Sister Home spoke of this. I think we can all improve in this matter. When we think of the love of our Father while we are partaking, a nia we want our children with us. I have admired very much all who have reported, especially the one who spoke of the rough boys. I must tell a little story: One day, there were four little boys quarreling, calling each other bad names as I was going I stopped a minute and along the street. talked to them. I told them I was sorry to hear such language and tried to persuade them to make up, 'but I said, 'I am going on no v and I'll be back in ten minutes. You little boys partake of the sacrament. I shall be obliged to report .yon to the Sunday School unless you make before I come up back.' When I returned they had made it all up. We ought to teach all these little things. What a favor and privilege it is to live when Temples; are built and the Lord will accept of them and we haverthe opportunity of doing a work for qur dead friends. Sister Smith said she liked to. see us iu the 1 Wells, Secretary. REAPERS CLUB. e The Reapers' Glub have been for some time studying Atrierican history and our members have given interesting papers on the subject, commencing with an account of the very early times as recorded in the took of Mention, and containing the history of our land up to the landing of the Pilgrims and early settlement of Massachusetts. We have had one paper and talks on the American Mound Builders .and others on noted American poets, writers; etc. Some account has also been given "of our eminent women, among them being Martha Washington, wife of the first president of -- the United Stages; KlizaR. Snow, the gifted of the .author .poetess, inspirational hymn, "O my Father," and Miss Clara Barton.the noted philanthropist, with a description of ' the Red Cross work.We have listened to some papers and lectures oh the lives and educational methods of Pebtalozzi and Froebel in regard to Kindergarten work, etc., and talks by our - - own club members. A few scientific subjects have been, briefly dwelt upon, namely, electricity, and a sketch, of T. A. 'Edison,, the inventor. One of our charter members, Dr. R. B. Pratt, gave a very instructive lecture on the construction of the eye. J. A. Druck, Cor. Sec. BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. Mary D. Israelsen was born in Kasfjor-den- , Xordland, Norway, August 9, 1S36. Her parents being poor, she early learned' to labor. She, was always noted for her obedience and industry. Her parents were religiously inclined" and were members of the Lutheran Church. She was, therefore, from early childhood a member of that church. -- On October 25, 1S55, she was married to Telleo J. Israelsen, of the sanie place. In 1 S6.1 she embraced the Gospel, her husband having joined the Church some time before She was the only member of her father's family that' ever accepted the Gospel and Remarkable enough, joined the Church. her husband was, also, the oYily member of his father's family that has ever joined the Church, In 1864, together with her husband and TTi-flli'lra.! "A.uillf sue cimgiuLeuJ i10 uiaii.auu scinu. in Hyrurh; Cache County, where she ever afterwards resided. In the early So's both her husband and oldest son were on foreign misstbns at the same time. This son" has since performed another "mission in his native country.1 Another son just returned - 1 J- - 1. 1 . 