AVOM A X S ,KX PON KNT. 37 'and s.iv long m:iy Sister Jcimiugsiive t he' t;:e scenes transpiring upon the . a light and an exa .bViaHt and Miss Ring. gave Herself for the time'phiibrm. being to ample t lur numerous p.tvrit5; and her her subject and that is what always wins an 'audience of many friends. intelligent people. Miss is A. nf the Fourteenth Ring original and that, too, is a strong I. fhe V. L. M. ' Ward "gave, a banquet ;i t!ie evening of point in one's career, in this day. of mechanical technique. We very muchre- .their regular meeting, Tuesday, September she' that could not remain longer in our ii, iii the ward ha!! Mrs. Uuih M. Fox, gret and hope we may hear her agaiir at the superintendent, assisted be her"1 com;, city some future time. The ladies of the W. C. sclers and members, making such prepar- T. " at ions as secured l excellent music for the eve-- ' to.assuie the co::i;r,rt and eiyy." . The distin-- ' .lining. The singing, too, was sweet and nient of all incited gue.l-whose upi'iting. flie entire affair was a rare treat (Jill sIlCO gUCSt 01 tile tCv;i:!';i, in honor ti e j. my uas ;;ivcn wv wo b.jjhly Fridayi .s.j.U-h.K- t 7. the 'Relief Society rcs,.k-nOonwul tin seemed , 0f ,he ,.;iRhth Ward gf this city, held its ! "'V '" '"!" ' -.f Z,'UOn ami,n! at which were present of the I"' tor than r.rtisly v.u General- meeting h. H nr.l ; n IT .far the benefit .f Young, Jane S. Richards and Bathsheba Ins ljbored Unremittingly women of and vh.s.e W. Smith, the. young jrlso the secretary, K. B. Weils, on'. the 12th of and President M, Isabella birthday occurred Home, of the Seoteiiib.-rAbout Uo hundred people Salt Lake Stake, and her counselors, Annie were present an I j aned in celebrating the T. ilyde-an- d Clara C'Caunon, and General birthday party, even though it was the I President Imina S. Tavlor. of the Y. L. evening previous to the eventful day.-- Miss X. M. I. A., and some other guests PresiCimpb.dl m ule the address of welcome after dent Chamberlain presiding, hercounselors, ail h:id been seated af the tables,"' which were Larlwrkdlt and Khplnmrdinp ivcrn iti it. prolusely decoratei .with a variety o. and the faithful secretary, Sister lul flowers;, the ivy twinul about the plates' ;rh.e hall was beautiful decorated at each place was a a uuty device and witti a varety of flowers, that were a perfect artistic in.ett et. Bishop George II Taylor delight and ad Jed greatlv to the enjoyment tne all rater were pronounced blessing 0f the afternoon. Counselor Cartwright sealed. was RuthM. was present and Bishop K. J. Sheets came Superintendent here and. there to all her busy in during the meeting. The remarks by attending and as autumn sunshine, the veteran" Mothers in Israel, Sisters Zina, guests th; genial been hid .Alter, eveiythmg arranged Sister Jane-S- . Richards, B. W. Smith and M. I. ' hox announced that the vomiir Pconle Home were deeply i appreciated, as they would 'give some humorous' ""anecdotes, were mostly reminiscent of the early days wiuici-ms and conundrunm. jokes of the Relief Societv and of the Church. including Their departure from the usual method of Sisters Iv. B. Wells, K. S. Taylor, Annie procedure Was a source of merriment and T. Hyde, Clara C. Cannon and Bishop prevented any tendency' to eulogize the Sheets aiso ea:h spoke a short time. After honored lady, who is deeply sensitive and" 4 the meeting had adjourned all were invited dislikes public demonstrations ou,.!er o wn to partake of a delicious supper ( really a in account, preferring appreciation simpler banquet) in the large and commodious in deeds rather than words. vestry, where everything was delightfully .va,y?"and After the you ig folks ha I given some notarranged for the enjoyment of the partici able exhibitions, of goo humor, Sister Fox pants. ' On suclr occasions the Relief Society . , . Tl ...11.1 emeu to and upon oisier 1. a. w ens 10 mate a 1. active ministerin 'is iully competent few remarks, in wh'ch she referred feelingly the best and inoX happifying manner. to the labors of Sister Taylor and the future Bishop Sheets'oecupied the seat of honor of the young people, of Ziou. Klder and pronounceoTtlie blessing. destiny The tables C. W. Penrose iollowed, beginning with were artistically decorated with roses, carso:ii2 quaint stories and merging into more nations, oleanders and other sweet and atserious matters. Tne party was; an admir- tractive blossoms, aud the good cheer was able success in the way of solid enjoy menl an added flavor to the sumptuous feast. and social equality, and cannot "fail to have Sister K. B. Wells was called upon by good results. v Patriarch John Smith pro- - President Chamberlain to give a toast, and mouueed the benediction previous to the responded with "The Mothers, in Israel,' those who had passed behind the veil, but who company dispersing': still live in memory and whose names and yMiss' Helen Margaret Ring, of .Denver, Colorado, recently visited our city and spent noble deeds should be held in humble rememfew days,, ddring which time we ,had brance throughout all time. Bishop Sheets several talks"with her and found her a most also gave a toast, "The Veteran Fathers of fascinating personality "and brilliant conver- the Church, Prophets and Apostles." This reunionof the Relief Society was both a sationalist.Miss Ring has traveled exand the social tensively and' very recently visited Mexico spiritual and .temporal feast, ; and Arizona also Mancos in New Mexico, enjoyment helps to unite in closer relations where she explored the ancient cl ill dwellers those who meet together for active work habitations and other places of special and service iir the society'. letter asking for a letter to the National Congres H is true.. as you say, that I am al of Mothers. verv a ways busy wmiian; nevertheless-- always have time to r ive rnv- word of svninathv ... to cverv. of world. the organization for the bttten'ucat I have watched the- progress of the Congress of .Mothers with a greattieal ot interest. AN oihen ean find no more important work than. a study of the best ways and means for performing their duties to theii children. I trust those who a rr assembled' in Des Moines will nut fail to recognize Tiat the (hay of the mother "does not lie entirely within the four walls of tlie home, but that' it extends also to the making blc-fni- , -- ; ' a i 1 - j j I ' : I -- - ! j these children when thev ero'HevoTid the home. For this jjurpose slie must have a voice in the government of the municipality of the State and Not only the ordinances of thcComm.on nation. but the laws made by the Legislature and Council, the by Congress itself, vitally ellect the conditions which influence the home. 1 1 Rit t m-re ii? I ! l.o,l..t -;- -, : . i I- - . lK-auti- - j u-ndan- pjol. f j ; x ; j j 1 . j A have a voice in political matters should, possess the power to make and .unmake both' laws and lawmakers is in order that the. children shall consider hex opinions of as much'value as those of the father. It seems to me. therefore, that the very first thing that should, be done by the National Congress of Mothers is to demand for ad women perfect equality of political rights. Kudosed is a .petition toCongrcss for a sixteenth amendment to the Federal Constitution w ich shall enfranchise-womenIn the name of motherhjHd I this that urge body, by its president and secretary shall sign this petition. To procure the powerful is in direct line with the obinfluence of the ballot jects (if this association, for whatever you hiayde-- , cide to be the paramount duties of the mothers,. its possession will the better enable her to' .discharge them. Hoping that you will liuve an interesting and instructive Congress, and with kind regards to all its members, I am very sincerely yours, Si san li Anthony. -- . ' , . R. " -- ' - T 1 I S. REPORTS. The Stake presidency of the- Keticf ooef ety of Bannock Stake, President Mary A Call, Counselors Sarah M; Call aud Rosa B. Knowles, and Secretary Hannah C. Hatch, have made their annual visit through the Stake, their starting point being the President Letitia Banks reLund ward. ported the society as being in a flourishing condition, the leachers making their regular monthly visits without fail and keeping an accurate account of the articles received, so that in any case their books could be re- ferred to as being reliable. The visitors each bore" a faithful testimony and gave some excellent advice, the main subjects being the storing of wheat, fasting and prayer aud also a few words to mothers on the rearing of their children. We were entertained at Sister Bevins. The two next wards visited, were The attendance Thatcher and Cleveland. in both w;ards was very slim owing to the of a contagious disease prevalence, among the people, although the disease is almost abated, there being no new cases. We held meeting in both wards and gave some good instructions to the' attending sisters. The next meeting was held at The spirit of God was Mound Valley. The visitors manifest in the meeting. were kindly treated and spent the night at Sister Barbara Williams. MISS ANTHONYS; ADVICE TO MOTHERS The next place visited was Trout Creek, Only the "opening paragraphs of Miss where we lunched with President Mary Anthony's greetings were read before the Jensen, then held meeting in the meeting Congress, and although local leaders pre - house, where the good instructions that " i. V .. sented some suffrage resolutions, they were were'kindly. received.'. was The Grade. We traveled in. next the Leadersplace Congress suppressed. late to deemed it unwise to take up the subject lest, get there, in wind and dust. We Miss - Anthony's letter were kindly en ter fained by the Relief iuharmony arise. We had a Society president; Sister Rich. :vas as, follows: better attendance there than in the previous TherK My Dear Fihend:- 1 receipt of you r" wards and a good spirit prevailed. r . ' ' interest to anthropologists. Miss Ring gave her lecture oil "Famous Women' of the French- Salon'' in the Congregational Church under the auspices of the W.1C. T. U. of this city, Friday evening, September She was -- introduced to the audience by Mrs. IC. K. Shepherd In a graceful manner, and her own appearance was most attractive. Her delineations oft character were toned to perfection surpassing, any lecfure it has heeii our-- privilege to hear. : In fact ' she brought the; persons before..' bnem-.pictureso vivid that1 imaginative, people might fancy - . 7- - r , (' were-giver- -- - . ; - am-'-ia- r - ; 