WOMAN'S KXPONLNT. 16 i t Woman'i Exponent, the Orient." .. has devolved upon-usjOne editor who has studied this'questiou carefully," and who lives in a city famous for its public advantages, comments thus:, "Lnfortunattjy, Mich a civil service we have not, .never h a.e had ami are not likely He jiiiisi be. indeed ait optimist, to have, ami experdevoid of ience, who uill hope .for good government by officials appointed by any pdilieal party The result will, in p nver'at be a cirpet bag go' eminent followed by a ' e can social and political collapse.' ailopt the second alternative and; make not of the "United these people citit-nsStates, but of II.iv.aii, Porto Rico of Luzon ami t!ie other islands organized as self-- ; '.fx a 3 i t - l't Si;- .. it). I V r ! V. e--- me 5 ; . 'AVa-hiugto- I (:: -- death, then there will be more fought, and the end is-- not yet for the armies of Great Pritain. Would that 'some' peaceable niet! settling hostilities 'might .be negotiate the. peace which Shakespeare-speak-HenrI ', might follow: tin ! a U l ! y -- . "Peat'e is in the ir.thuv "r practical-observatio- f ,Jv. . of the problem which sueeeful solution f a e:in;( then I'oth' part ic :icllv aiv sit: party lossi s. And Milton says in one of his souiuj "lV;iee hath her victim's. No renowned than war." nemR-- rh ' K-- r . s Tlie latest dispatches show that the are not conquered, and although British soldiers outnumber them by n ;:v thousands- undoubtully, and are ;dl governing' territories." has not lu lost Kruger In short, this writer would give these equipped, yet be relied can upon. lie is k reports people a similar form of government to New as saying to the New York W'a: Mexico, and of that which formerly was Governor ami judges porter: V.My burghers are fighting bra provided for Utah. and "they will continue to do so until t appointed by the President of the United Ihitain asks for peace or withdraws iH States; he ieasousih.it this system with free V i. commercial intercourse w ith the United '! soldiers, and adds: "liven as your forefathers fought against Stales inside the American custom house, the free interchange of temperate- and torrid great odds in the Revolutionary un,. so .we are struggling, and even as God was products would bind the new possessions to with We your people, m is he with lis. and to each other in a friendly and have fought with Kngland before and ue mutually 'profitable unity, material and defeated her soldiers, and we will be vicmoral.'This mav be good as far as it iroes. ' but tke.-- e peopL must hi vc something else j torious again. Put that will be as the Lord wills, besides commerce; they must have material the destiries of nations in is lianas, and practical civili.iiig influences and meth- and His purposes must be fulfilled. Put 6 Is; they must have teaching and training for women whoe dearest and best must go s along many lines to make them truly at all. In short, women as well as forth .to battle, surely they will with ne accord long and pray for peace and protect men must help. with this great tuidertaking. The 'women of thovj countries will help-- against the horrors of war that fill the earth with, mourning and lamentation. wonderfully by their influence when-thehave been reached by the wohlen of the t United States, who cau.be sent out EDITORIAL NOTES. by the President and Congress to. ajd in these atWe have given coiisiderable space to the tempts- to rescue from barbarism these George Washington Association because savage nations and tiibes. call made and the money raised by the The National' Council of Women of the school children of Utah for the- - Memoral United Slates appealed to President in February, i S99, tint there be' a Building to be erected iu Washington, I). commission ot women "to with"? C. It is well to let the people here and the the men who mignt probably be sent to children know how far the 'matter has advanced, and what is really being accomthese islands w hen the war was over. Women should study these great and plished. grave questions, even though they do' not Tuesday, March 20, was open day at the torm an o'piuion, it is well to know what Cleofan and the visitors were entertained .others think and become acquainted with delightfully at the home of Mrs. James II. what the leaders of this great free govern Mrs. Cora Hooper KIdridge gave Myle. ment are doing to helpm the" cause of en a lecture on Oriental Art, illustrated with ireedom. lightened rugs, pottery; pictures and dainty articles that made the subject exceedingly interAt present the war between Great esting, as was also the conversation at the Pntam at id S.r.nii A tViic omr.,.,;,,,, a.. time tea was' served after the lecture was atteuticin nmre than any otlu-- .subject. Ve over. The Cleofan seems to a pro- - ' be.quite a.e'tob Mr iron, the scene of action gresrve club of exceptional!' bright young to be sure of our opinion, but we nn women, arid many of it 3 members are givm Keeessirih- - d,P'.ore such a war, s,en.i,wly a marked attention to the fine arts. . , . , r Aar wr. greeu and, U. how terribl The Countess of Derby laid the isur shall of the Rectorv at St, Albans, answer tor the loss of s6 man nrnoeent ? liv The Larl, her tius-- : LiieatvVO0(L luigland. General JoubVrt'is reported dead ( ien. The St. Albans Mis- Conje has been taken prisoner which band was Present- eems even, worse than dying for the free cleared tue ground, rue lames dom ot one's country. : A brave" soldier,' a provided tea for the diggers each Saturday This y hero, whatever be said of himVit afternoon until the work", wits done. mustf indeed b- - hard for su.qh'a man tobe ceremony performed by a woman is new, iu shut up in prison. But with these two the world; we have had one instance only great Generals ab.;e:it, one iu death ambone of which the writer is aAvare here in Utah. rlit-naturally-seen- is "thT'Boers7 "President Sarah M." Kimball laid the corner must- soon surrender altogether, and vet ' stone of the Fifteenth Ward Relief Society ; perhaps, there are others as brave and as hajl in the year 1868. silhul, ana 'm war. may go' on, for if. as Sisters M. G. Clawson andP. J. Kimball Uuve bchrLener says, the people-othe gave a Kensington on Tuesday, March 20, iraiisvaal are determined to, 'fight., until . at Sister Clawson's residence. .About sixty er-s-th- , :n-- - i.i M:s. I'.. ! i . ?. VI 1.5, S r ; M s ! .!.!. I.AKK I r I I ! i - - . am. j i j : i,'cr. 1 . j s (a : 1 As pi 1, .. 1 j 'RKLIGF SOCIETY CONFER EN The General Conb reuce th l't Ik i' Society will be held in tlu- S di Lake Assembly ILill in. this' city, on Thm-HaApril 5, ineetk)g commencing at n a. m. and 2 v. m. that there '..uld he a large attendance of the and that eich Stake organization be r its one represented by preside ul, in- A dr. to act tor her. vitatiuii is extended to tilt.:.d all brethren interested in the welfare the !' I - y, 1 1 i tk-ir- ed u-- -- nit-,:- ; ! 1 1 1 1 - Ik-hold- s j ; Jii.-diu- citi-i.en- :" Society. ' ;Zina I) II. Ynu.w, j . j President, Jam: S. JSATiisii Richakis, I W. Smith, Sakaii Jknnk Can nun, Counselors K. B. Wku.s, Secretary. -- of-th- e . ' OUR NEW POSSESSIONS Mc-Kinle- It is. hard work to settle the question ot the right kind of government for the' new possessions, as they are called, that have recently been nude over to the United States, even in one's own mind. Various are made to as what ought to propositions be done., and women have had something to ay, although women's opinion on national questions is not what is expected, by men of .this nation. Nevertheless, women have opinions as well as intuitions, and emotions. It is rather confusing to one who would gladly take a correct view of the situation to hear so. many s.dcs to this nnporla.u - 1 as lion quesuou arff,d. Vl,ite!a..v eid la what ,s sa.d by Kood to ha e been a,, able and tmpress.vejnds address, ... Stated at tic r ikc nt luc cunn , oat.. i,.tM r rt,w. altogether for r. oiu.iuV1':,"' iu m dim sianu cw Uie.continental-unio- a hrm civil service for thedslands. " and for Presi- dent Schurman, the great speaker at the satue. meeting in .Boston, closetl his address by saying, "We must have a permanent cjvil service in the I'hillipines. It must be well paid, and th best men in the country must go there, and they mut be animated"; m.ot by the. love of money, although they iuust have good salaries, but.by dev...tion u the public service, bycoiisi(lerations-fo- r thp welfare of the Filipinos themselves. With ua7o ut men gonj.; auere, retained permanently, and promoted in virtue of merit, I have no doubt whatsoever of the .i. y -- , , j co-ojera- ' ; I - r rovcl ' j ' I i ; tra-rcdi- es . pnv-aU-..,- .,1 o w-:i- j siou-cjuh- else-ma- -- - f 