WOMAN'S KXPOXICXT. meet its' growing knowledge. !ur:iu! m i o'clock t ,r' I'r At the afterntKM sessinn '...William' M. Stewart, of the meet a annual, re-- , to n p. ... T. tali, sjk'e upon the subject " .'IM Ulh'.i wh'icTrtliF acce r.i f A' KWo: Children1 W..s i' l ie time was well occupied by Various speakers subject An ,,f School ana i'omesije Lire..' U S.' is, ..I' m ' ill the-on alternom condition existed, Prof. Stewart ""' .at T. ..1 topics of interest,, anions; the number "lUKC Mrs. R.J vtmgress. T. Hi'i; o,i relations. The father usually 0 being Hrother J. Rigdbu, a son of Sid, a!d.,m these Ugueu, reviewing side o! the of in Churcli history lame, who the morning and uey leave's' liis home early ira'lcif, UI;d ke. i:i a of, WV"aiul at night, sp very interesting- manner conusually devotes Irim--.j- fdy, ethical. the cerning iu his neuspaper xr goes out to pmici-lu't.i;- : testimony of his. father iu re Js oeconnne that :nied the lation child !.. the .'.o.wcv- and the t. separate public interests which occu-U-'of even more Smith.' Prophet Joseph his attention, the wife had her scpar-- ' Spoke of the in. a the prtauth K Lattei-da:chiUi uf the very Saints which had dustry a. interests aim me cuimren theirs; There in, .ii n ii ;s i;ie be to well lkru, b .caused to blossom as the rose." v snouiu oe. accorc a ice and union rc: Hl,4Ui ' ami u,c ,i;:u's iUi inc ,u-llavt: n SuluesS in the home. All should leHig ti ' V T CIR'(1 dnvc:i !(,rhomcsiu ,y the mountains as to accomplish the hiehes' 'i;?' r,i:I:;' , were faithtul in keeping the s. 'Prof. .Stewart also spoke on the be commandments of ihe Lord. may President the" salooii;-Trndeclared it to be a Uill'V ' 11 a l!u- -snd.connselo.s ami T: H. Giles each H.1 of the world. , js ' ' ;on '. iivil me aplIttUle tr re- - a U lesset the m. ffi aiv.. will come po:is;bili!y tor the ureal jo .d The: e. ma'se acctMufdishe.l .... . . The Mothers' Congress reconvened in !s " ... (T, hi iu " ,. oi ine ijucMmu i jh .Make ollicers inc. uy uits uiganiauon. , the ni'orning at io o'clock. The meeting and culture of children. This were nglu training all and presented utnnimouOy sits-opened witji prayer by "Mrs. Zina I). H. ;mre-- l h is evidenced in the ,tainedafter mothers' which conference nu&iy adjourned Young .after which Mrs. Lucretia Kimball organizations t'lirouehaiit 'the "Innl ' .! for siv ..mntlK r.:) e : no tioubt a better cond fp,kc upon the "Ivducational Piejnration Hannah H krorn, St a!! Mrs. Kimball said; "I develop lroui. this unrest. htion S Mil to Parenthood." not :r.e beiore you here as a mother who feels decide ourselves se ;is;i,v to our own chil- 1:va u short' she has -- fallen below her dren; we mils; befter the entire worh or K lie! ideals of motherhood and desirhtg to gain our e Hurts to ocietv conference' convened at in regenerate the race will be in a. fro :u the ideas and ass'ciation here aid in s in. at the meeting house, Presiden't van. Hilliard gave some clever I ktu-rmdesire to speak upon illustrations at the imnortance of tin- mn. Christina Sorensen presiding. thera. Siugijig,, ' "ICarth Parvr.th od rather tnan Motherhood.' I bewith her ten. thousand dowers." siuerauou ol tconomics- in the n M'inrr lieve that the spiritual should be considered social problems. Prayer by Hrother Robei t P. Goold." Sing and that upon the development of The Chamiaade" churns under Mrs. iug, ''Prayer is the soul's .sincere desire." Officers present on the stand were, Presi-- j spiriu:al-thphysical and moral will follow. Lewis directorship sang two beautiful dent Christina Sorensen. Counselors Maty What would it mean if men and women set selections from Kern the. Kin to study for the Mrs Stewart iu response to P resident j.K. M iglebv and P'llen Thueson, Treasurer ? of When a girl evinces a Little's call fcr discussion of Mrs. HUImtiPs Caroline Polimau. also Sister P'li'ibeth Stevenson, of Salt Lake City, ami S'ister ta'em for "'""music we decide that everything paper, said .that she the moa thought Marilla Daniels, of Provo, who had' come; vh edd be done in preparation for the develright of the child was to be desired to) attend the conference and visit some of Xo one hastthe nJaral right to bring 'attenopment' of her gift. Hut tion or care is devoted to" the development the world. They should the branches with the Stake Hoard. chiKjjo Roll call, fourteen wards represented out of the holy gift of.niotherh'axl ?" also liave a place. Usually they are made ot sixteen." Minutes of forenoon meeting Mrs. Lucy Hoving, of Logan, expressed to feel in the way, there is no place preof last conference read. a her sentiment and hepe that the time pared for Ihtir pUy in tho home un: jt js lkui.il if ihe pieshlenis lepoiiul their iiht eome .when no girl .would l:e per- not strange thit thev are lound .on the societies in pretty good working order, mitted to marry without, first having street and in undesirable spots. Mrs AllC" "P llnrfnrrl Cire tlie ormm a(' wheat in good condition, stored in tithing mastered the Kindergarten course. M'is u granaries; .1 hoy hold testimony and mlel- ivw,,,,,,! fr, on,, May said this question of Kiuder-te:- i rhihlren lectual meetings; ihe .sisters are united, ' training was important .enough for vious' day's program, illustrating the kind have gootl meetings, are willing tohe!p in ....... ( nv '1 ' diconci-'int- i mrl of songs desirable and appropriate for chilall good works, some do not attend meetaao dren. "The Wind," "The Tulips," "The work meetings Jicdd when wanted to gc on the stage. She did so. Owl and Hare," "You Seen my Kitty," ings regularly; necess try; teachers visit and bring. in good and seemed to crush out all desire for the were the titles of the songs sung and were reports: siters willing to donate; small ' together with all the frivolity and received with applause. wards 'are more diligent in their labors; President Little appointed a- nominating the same lightness that had hitherto ruled her life.. sisters belong to the Relief Soci Mrs. K. K. Shepherd followed' with an committee to prepare a list of officers to prethe Young Ladies and the Primary address upon the subject of ."Honor sent for election, after which Miss VVhalem, ety, Associations; all sisters expressed them! of Ogden, made an interesting address deal--inMen and Women." selves as being pleased to liave the sisters with 4iie ethical rights of children. from i aere nas oeen an niea tor o i nat rne headquarters visiting with us. single life is the only pure life, and we have Her talk was- enjoyed-- throughout ' and President Sorensen introduced Sistei elicited much applause. celibacy enforced in the priests in many Stevenson and Sister 10a fuels'. ' ' i , mt' Considered in its true and holy Sister M. Daniels was pleased to. hear light, lived In the way that God intends, R. S. REPORTS. reports, spoke of wheat being .represented The progress, morality carriage is holy. had their own this morning, only and purity of the race "STAKK. WASATCJI m the depend up granary, encouraged the building of gran"ight- understanding and practice of right National "Conference Relief The aries. President Woodruff's instructions to Society laws. of Wasatch Stake convened in the Stake the sisters, were to keep on gathering grain. The greater freedom of women and their house at Heber on Monday, May 2S, at Read from the Kxpqnknt of April 3., 'ider. mingling with the world has obliter-a'ed- , 10:30 a. m... Meeting opened..J)y singing 1S9S, how to build a granary out of nothto a great extent, the thought of sex. "Sweet is the. work." Prayer was offered ing, by sisters joy Stt George. Be prepared, How often we hsar parents say, "Oh my by Elder Joseph Moulton. 0 Singing, for great changes are taking place. Spoke of y is sowing his wild oats, he will come of Relief rirst and the heart the of all Society "With organization tongue." - would also of was 'Howroll to the officers': like Smith, called,; showing by The going Prophet Joseph right." you "Jack-sonto build to back seven County up Zio-npresent. "'c Who ;)our daughters sow wua oaisr a twenty note Ic ' nprcr tViP snirc There were present on the stand Stake Kvery mother should encourage her equal of the pureyoung girl joined with President. Annie R. Duke and her counseldaughters to join the Relief Society. Gave k: fc4n marriage; .. ors, also officers representing the different her experience in performing" duties and were all reported as being labors" in the Gospel. Tnat can we as Mothers' Congress. do to wardsv which" Sister K. L" Stevenson said ' 'I t is h small 'destroy 'this false standard ? We must set generally in a flourishiitg condition. Instructive remarks were made by sister matter to speak to sisters of the Latter-daourselves: to consider these' subjects and ' Saints'. We,vvill receive the Holy Spirit if krfp to solve these which affect Ann Murdock, Patriarch John Duke and questions we live for it." Spoke of building ranar-- i tae others. progress and morality of the world. nd educated to . 1 1 rc- - i .tc-n-; v-e- f . . un-;:tu:i;4- , e . . Ur-phvMC- Rig-don- the-sam- f rL-t::- , e i ' , i; im-I'-il- t. -than i y s- - i -j j- ii-htt- to-eth- "tin-dese- rt K-a- r - hi- T L't u!' .uTi' er" d iroui-thei- - , r 1 . on the-civilizati- u.-;v- - f with-vear- s. lu-iu- . . -i '- -. L i . , ' . - We-mus- A 1 t i s - V-- g - - r-- ' t, j thtr-iselve- holy-professio- s -- n ! im-porta- how-muc- nt h ' i '! . -- fV V. i I -' Ke-tee- :i g ap-e- s - . . re-jjgio- ' . one-wa- rd ... ....'''.. 1 ' . . . y . my-power- s jut-al- ' . , ' '. , . . . : y . -- -j 