4 I XI" rf r-r-- - lalot in The Uamh of the U'amrnof Uuh should the CONTKNTS. Aunt Km New Knghmd ' r,.;:ft rciHc Relief Society. r. A. YV. I. the Revolution. . fnlia A. . . t'.ir.:via Lurid W. Hates .jane . . . 'urrcia i . .Grace Anderm ' C i K. H. . . nTUoMK' S. K K. cr to.bcitet the-Hom- XPV- . Jl o JUL the State and the Natton e . HALT LAKH CITY, UTAH, JCNK i, 1900. Vol. !. .if be a Tou n. tv Luclla fchd- - No. bilt nonc.of thchruucnessml feverish excitement of 'the West. ' "'Kr ; ironi icv York, wiith its l'he gentleness of manner, the mildness noise and hustle, up tlirotiidi the Connecti of expression and the sweetness of tofie, all cut vabey and into the heart of New ling. harmonicwith the beauty of the hills and la"'l or.g the beautiful Villages nestled groves and brooks of which the poets have among the green hill-- , is churning in itself sung thro" the century. as a delightful ride; and all Hut one hastens on iroiTr- - place to place the way along one apj)ieriates the (juiet that seems so rest- - to take just a: look at familiar" scenes lul when coming from the and of the long ago, and as neither trains nor hurry worry! of the modem Ooth nn, to where time seems streetcars' run in out of. the way places one almost to $tand still..must Have a carriage, so with a surrey (not The. trees so dear-- , so Iresh in early leaf! an shay") five of us rode (tRes are almost 'companions to me) and through half a dozen sleeping villages, JlieJifooks so musical and all the blossomnestled down among those dear old hills. ing shrubbery on every hand awakens such What a wonderful Vide that" was, one never tenderness that one must needs be careful to be forgotten, and how We all plied Sister not to betray emotion. ' Feeling's are so Pallas with (piestions about this place and at such times' that one lives richly in that ranjd "how many times I said to her, the luxury of nature for the passing "dear, you ought to know, for you have and can scarcely believe how been here all these years and I have been" so' moments, ;4time passes: the-a- ir Js full of sweetness and-thThe''".pnVe""'raimIiar""ee!ies hum of insects on the wing and the brought old memories long since stored mingle with the murmur of the away in some remote corner of the brain, brooklets that glide so smoothly over but not lost, for they come back with such lazy the pebbly beds and seem to tell of the hills force that they almost awaken the old . r .. as noiu wuicn .1. in We went up and. come, uiey passing one echoes among, the hills. does exchange a word of greeting, perchance down and round about, gazing into the with even a stranger. ponds where the .water-liliegrew, and Tiie day was delightfully warm and the where we' went rowing and skating, long glowing life imparted by the' warm sunshine ago, and plunging into groves of the sweet-- , and the unalloyed joy of every note in the scented hemlockstopping at tin same old schoolhOuses where we wen taught when s melody of nature gave one a serene that was not unlike a pleasant dream. children, and the meeting lum'se with its Such hours absorb the soul and fill it with long rows of stalk fur the horses at the an infinite charm. One could not help feelback, standing just as they did of yore, but ing tiie truth of Wordsworth's lines on such inside the Church was remodelled, the high a day: pulpit and cushioned pews with doors, had been .taken bat and the gallery where, we .... alio enueiii.'.' luc sinoKeiess an, used to sing from the 'old Watt's hymn Never di sun more beautifully steep book, when the choir leader used a tuning In his tirst splendor. vallev, rock or hill, so fork. Now the whole appearance is modem; Ne'er sa'w.i, never felt a calm deep? The. river glideth at its own sweet will, but we wandered a oout and finally to the" Dear God the very houses seem aslee) home I left when starting for Nauvoo: the And all that mighty hcarCis lying still." place desolate, the well still the same,- tho' and the trees and Flowers long tangled the old sweep had gone within the last few the panoof years, but the' neighbors still think it the grass are all a part Trees appeal to me with a best and purest water jn the village: the ; rama. power and significance s;6 wonderful that I brook near the well and the old home, still can find no words'to give expression to the runs through the hemlock groves, where sentiment. The leaves have a meaning we on the first day of March when a hole had have never interpreted, there is a grandeur been cut in the solid ice, I went down into about even the gnarled and rugged Oaks,, the water and was baptized, the last and' the that have withstood the storms of centuries youngest of eight wrho received that orand remained unmoved, as it were, through dinance of the Gospel on that day. The apple trees were budding into bloom long periods of change.. and the magnificent juniper tree which has "The groves were God's first temples," been the home of the humming bird for one threescore years, still" stands in the front This is a theme SQ delightful that would fain linger leisurely over it, but in yard in its stately pride. The roses and lilac buslfes were all gone this practical, busy life one must. tell 'someor and only a few herbs it, the kitchen garden thing, or . the impatient, busy man We have lived like the trees without care." woman of the world, will pass it 'by. absorbed-thaDeserted and desolate are many of the forget when we are ourselves Saints . other people ate not so overcharged with homes from which the Latter-da' Forties.-Themigrated to Nauvoo early in the sentimentality. many that we knew were nearly all' Arriving at one of the most picturesque State,-th- e gone, the 'family Doctor who lived next country villages in the old Bay welcome (given me was of the same door with only a lane between our houses, and one has gone to his rest; the minister's house stately fashion of the olden time, could easily imagine time had gone back- just beyond, black with age like many ward. Yet there were railroads everywhere more; the old Academy with its grove of and electric cars, bicycles and all the pines, has been better kept, the boys still on to- modern electrical agencies in operation, play ball ori.dhe common. We dri ve the of "omh' i -- landsca-v- . , - I . 1 V. Colli; ess . 1 New s. '.' . i . - I'ioiieer Woman's Paper, Love-- . . . In: A r.i.i-.ru- l ' ' 1 4 .Votes.'......... ihatn Young-- Vr Hk Captive of Two "old-fashione- .' Wars. . A .1 ...Umh.M. l.K .Cora YVilburu . . . in-tens- BRIGHAM YOUNG. . day of lune, eighteen or. tuc hundred and and roses. J'hVjalr month of of the In i:: State of Vermont, C'nty Windham, v1;ere VYhitingham village reposes A prophet was born; how proudly the sun beamed down oh the nations that mornine. I! of love lingering Over the town, Re town that our prophet w as horn in. . e . 1. Ntt litis.-- 1 N-he- : J It- wot: Id A embla.on his way, gioiy liis nation at some future dav brim: to h: pageant to . e a.iu 10 leu 01 it. uie : 1 - 1 hero of song 'and of story. Not a him to A:i ensign . the world that a seer was vCnt, to raise to the people; era was dawning of peae- - and good will. Sefjuel; ... g.d f the ages,-th- That an The V. I :.A, 'ill .. - 4),.. 111 '.av, in tht e green For thu ." under achievements ue witness to vales of the mountains; God. didst eause deserts to bloon. "e. .e1 ;round to burst forth into fountain- A far as our vision extends either way, Vea, even from centre to border; niuu:,t, graved. A witiK-s- s valley and stream thy name to ev'ry beholder.- - Mayn::;ee:it piles have been A is 1 . ..u.iiH reared Rare gems round his name may you elus-ter- , your little ones gather around vou at eve, O tell them the story vYe Of his v:dor, his wisdom, his honor of. God, Ha. e'en till your locks have grown hoary. (!at:-;diters- duy a j:reat j)eople delight in: his namei oses, whom (iod did rely on I'' lea d forth His 'children from bondage and Tilth-- ' a Latter-da- y Zion C this IKj,n home of the free blest glorious land, Where torever Thy praises wili ring; church with a prophet and seer at its head, Whilst Thou:-arour God and our King. , Rt in M. ake City, June i; Kjtx). . ! t . " . bird-song- s ii . . s repose-fulnes- fc . . , . . . . . Wnen 1 ' - (own through the ages it triumphantly, rolls. sin. To establish Mar-away- ' lUSLie, L e " 0, sens of the, prophet, his memory revere. 1... . ' "i'lfrlit IHH K,i auu t.111 As e -- to "h is nameC united together. Called t'rm many a land by the jxtwer of God. Inspired by the faith of their leader. Sfl-L- - d : . ' . t DEAR OLD NEW ENGLAND. ; y . England hills .memor-- , escorat back to me that I never. recall any pthertime or in any other place. There is to some of us a sort of heredity, perhaps, fhat makes us cling: with loving and long-to the haunts, of nature in whicli child-- . hod has been The time of year passed. may make some difference in one's feelings ' and the springtime with its buds and early , Among the New,' H e " 