3VQM A2CS4yXTON from Xo'rway in July, where he laboring as a missionary. had been' Her lutsbind. died December ti, isg;. $w departed this life' September 2, J900. She was the mother of jtwclw children, five sons and seven daughters. , Of these, three, She sons and five daughters survive her, t thirty-eighhad grandchildren, twenty-tiiulive. still One of 'these, is whom of jira foreign mission at present. She also had one great grandchild at. the time of her e death ju.Mi.t; M ns uiNi i 1 r. ( ( - Saint. Latter-da- y esteem her exemplary life and her That labors among the needy, wrthv of the faitlyul of emulation every .member of our soeietv. That we mourn and sympathize witli the children, grandchildren, relatives and friends, and realize that our Father deth all things for the best and that wc must be submissive to His will. Lt V WlI.-ov'-- e ( N. President. Kl.IZ II Counselors. Ralph, Secretary. : turned their. Journey.- crossing the plains with Captain Wi'dey's handcart company, arriving in Salt Lake someiirhe in October of the same year. Altera short av thev tame to Box Elder Co.. locating at Tlnve Mile Creek, where thev have since Mter Harriet .accepted. the principal of plural marriage and became the wife of Thomas Young. December- -, She was the mother of four i ;s. children.'. all of. whom We deenlvsurvive her. . X. Miiipainize with them in their HTeaveinent, know ley have lost a faithlVil wife rind lovin r mother. Sister Harriet has been identified ..with the Relief Society Iron: and has' ever been' an earnest worker in the cause of truth.. At the reorganization of our society.' August 15, she was chosen a teacher, which, position she held at the time of her death. She magnified this calling with credit to herself and honor to her sisters. Her good counsel and instruction will long be- re- membercd by them. Naturally of a quiet, retiring disposition, vet she was always at ler post of duty and on hand at everytall. She was a true and faithful Latter-da- y Saint and as such we mourn, her departure,' feel to acknowledge the hand of our Father, yet knowing "He doeth all 'things well." and we feel to say "Sister. Rest in peace, all is well, your ' is fe-ide- d. , -- - - men lor good by persuading, them to shun all evil habits. Counselor Katharine II. Brockbank wished to learn and train her heart in the M truths of the Gpspch We miss Sister ruiT Wood very much." Spoke of her mother, Sister Howard, and the desire she had to emulate, her example. Counselor Mary P. Young said some of the remarks of Sister Armeda Young had brought reflections 'to her mind that she wished to mention. "We have great reA remark of sponsibilities as mothers. President Brigkam Youngs was brought forcibly to vy mind, 'Mothers, if your children go astray the Lord will hold you reThis has- weightd upon my sponsible.' mind for a long time. Sisters, are we doing our duty ?. Do we do , the little ' . - Get Encourage our children? things? them ready for their Sunday School and This is our duty." Primary meetings? She spoke of the good instructions given in reward sure." the General Conference of the Relief Society. Nellie Roberts, Secretary "One more item comes to my mind that of punctuality and obedience,' as Brother Home spoke of in the days of Noah." She S. REPORTS. then excused President Emma Woodruff to the conference GR.VNITK STAKK. Sister Maria IL Winder: "I feel it an Afternoon session commenced at 2 o'clock honor to belong to the Relief Society sisters. I think they are the best p. in., Counselor .Mary P. Young presiding. people in the Singing, MXov let us rejoice." Prayer by world." Spoke of the life of the Prophet Counselor Jenson, Mill Creek Bishopric. Joseph Smith and the great good he had "Guide Thou done. Oreat us, 0 Singing, Jehovah." A solo was rendered, with much sweetAt this meeting Sister Wheeler, president ness and skill, by Miss Crismon. of the Stake Primary, her counselors and Sister Wheeler, President of the Primary Counselor Jenson, of Mill Creek, were also of the Stake, spoke of the responsibility she on the stand: felt in her position along with the Relief Counselor Mary P. Young introduced S(2cietyand parents should take Sister Alma Ash as having just returned in their children. "It seems 'to" me that all from England and wished her to make a the .women's organizations come under the few remarks. Relief Society, they are helps to that organSister Ash: "I have been ou a visit to my ization." Felt as Sister Young had remarked I was the only one of my family that the responsibility friends. our children rested that had joined the Church. the mothers. Announced the Primary My parents upon a to it be conference a Mormon. to be held in this place tue foldisgrace thought Since then all my mother's family have lowing day. Wished the mothers to attend and see what their children were being She spoke of the injoined this Church." fluence so different out .in to that taught. we have at home among the Saints. Sister Ziua Cannon, president of the Y. She visited the Sunday School and many of the L. M. I. Association of the Stake, spoke of Met Sister Wood-ruff'- s the relation of the Relief Society M. I. and Saints while there. and had 'a" Primary-teach other. Had once been a daughter and in them. with teacher the Relief pleasant, visit, Society. Kelt that the President Yates, of Millard Stake said:-- young .ladies left too much of the hard work The few minutes I stand before you I to the oldef 'sisters. Thought that the W3tit your faith and prayers, as I wish to. mothers sjiould know where their daughters be guided in the right direction. I feel were at nights and ' not allow them to go very thankful' that "the Lord inspired the with bad, rough young men. but thev organize the Relief should be home at night; and the young Prophet. Joseph-- to Society." r Encouraged the. young mothers ladies should not countenance that which is to train their children in the" faith of. the wrong in young men. Spoke of the inno Gospel, it depended on the mothers to first cence of our young girl's, and the danger Rebegin with themselves and then with their they were in by going with bad boys. children. Apostle Lyman gave us a mis- ferred tocher young girlhood days. Hoped sion, for the presidentsof the Relief Society that we would all wqrk unitedly together The president of South Taylorsville reto send and get all the'oung women and : young mothers to become members, andf" ported her ward. Brother 1 nomas Alston said: "One thin or labor with the payersaud teach '6 the children tithing. She spoke of the care- about the meeting I have regretted all dav lessness of mothers in not trying to set a is that some of the secretaries have failed'in There is a maxim, proper example, and the great influence it sending in reports. that says, 'Whatever is worth- doing is had upon their children. If you have not made Singing by the choir conducted by Brother worth doing well.' Hill, "Kind words are sweet tones, of the out your reports you ha ve not done your work well. It is a fact that we are tco careless J heart." 5 Referred to Holy Writ.' Sister Armeda S. Young spoke of the in these matters necessity of our gaining the confidence of Spoke of our. being on hand, to do all our our child.ren while they are young and duties on time.- It is not those who say teaching our girls the iyalue of virt ue, and Lord, Xord, but those, who will do the the influence they can wield over the young works will gain the revard. - . ' Ci;lT( ill ow. Fin kit k Vii,Li.M. v (Ikok;im-- 47 91, h:r beloved sister, Mary I). Israelsen, has been worker in the Relief Society of Ilvrum faithful a f,,r nineteen years. ll'ureds, (iol. in His infinite wisdom has seen ur beloved lit to call from this sphere of aetion sister and colaborer in the Relief Society, Resolved, That we rnor.ni in her death a faithful worker, a wise and 'loving mother and a true ' . K N T. . OBITUARY. .SKETCH AND RESOI.J' . Hons. Resolutions adopted by the officers and members of the Emery Relief Society in honor of their beloved sisteri. Beata Burton Hansen, ' who de- parted this life after an illness of one month with Sister Hansen died July 2U, 1900, typhoid fever.at her residence in Finery Co.,' Utah." She was born in llelmstad, Sweden. December 14, 183s. She embraced the Gosjet of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints in her native home and emigrated to Utah in 1563. She was married at MantrCitv. She was Sanpete Co., in 1S63, to Peter Hansen. the mother of ten children, six sons and four daughters, tight of whom survive her. 'They were all present at her funeral except one son "who is She rilling a mission to the Northern States. along with her husband' was called to leave their home in Sanpete, which they did, and go and help to build up what is known as Castle Valley, in the i .hey helped to build up three settleyear uso. ments, known as Castle Dale, Perron and Emerv. Sister Beata v. as a good, faithful sister, .She was a mother to the orphan and a friend to all who knew her. She acted-acounselor in the Emerv Relief Society for a long 'time and afterwards as a teacher in the Reb f Society. She never tired in doing j ood. Sister Hansen wa. conscious to the la and called her children to Vr bedside and bade the all good bye, then passed peacefully a' av. Resolved That as our Heavenly Father has taken our beloved, sister and friend to her.heavenlv home, .that we desire to emulate her noble example-- 1 ana.tnat we herewith express our heartfelt sympathy for. lier husband, her children and grand- - v s . Cnilflren. TV if- - fnrtlur Resolved, That these resolutions be placed on trie recds of the society, a copv be sent to the and one to the Woman's" Exponent for family ' publication., Eliza O. Jokgensex, Pres. LVULLA CllRIST.EXSEX, Sec. '' 1 Jhe-iuter- est the-Worl- o son-in-la- " " ilATRIET CAMI KIX YOUXG. T : ., , hon-tithin- . , witn sincere regret we record the death ot laithtul sisters in .Three .Mile Lreeic, Box Elder Co., who departed this life on" August lL Js ""t.our 3 1900. Sister Harriet Campkin' Young was born at '..ASgleswade Bedfordshire, England, on the 23rd of May 1,852. She was the daughterof Isaac Campkin and Martha Webb. In the spring of the year 18.56 Brother Campkin .'nd-.familstarted for Zion and arrived at St. Eouis in safetv. While there Brother Campkin. taken down with typhoid tever and m a short , time succumbed to that disease. The widowed Mother with her family. of five small children con-- . g - - - 