WOMAN'S sident Annie P tker gave a favorable of the Leavitt society. Some of jiu , walk' three inin-.to 'attend thei: ug. '.Wr are blest' wfth'good weather, we would have a pr 'spjpms year a:u! add he grateful lor our Idem.-s- . st.imb 'bag, 't ivXi'UNKNT 'anil Rhoda Iuee"; W.ih Von till We meet Again;'' Cotnwlwi Kliabeth Hammer said the in nin.f- - ,"' n, oaeleu UP' ;il t henau Uui 'i mswe;ed and we had ,vvn dicngtheut-d.-hi reading the confer-;k.'"ion had felt'the same sprrit that iiev.,he to: Y.ntM the Apostles and with the priest ieut Maria . Penmt!, of M:,,T.r !, m mi land. ha ! been called with ht r husband Patriarch John A. Wooif addressed the U iej c;'.'. L i,:c in t !" country, and had b r;j h io "The la!)ors of the .sisters run '1 he sb.ie ; s are mm prised. in a diheient channel to ee'v thereof the bieth it Mul in and have a very :en... but all is. for the .building upfof the Desired the spirit of ':;!i-d- m vious society. of CivA." Spoke upon the law of eaiiing mat sue ruigMJ e able to pel . Mlluu- -, we would l.e judged from the r: her. dui y. we'w'ant our names Written 'in Sfake Counselor Jane i;i if bre"her the-- '.(.ok of tl;e Lord. Our children should i. giuiMny to the ;e tau;;!i to pay their through tithiu; that they may fa ting and prayer. .K.uev ilu s"A .) t neglect tins duty when grown, they, u e are p: ee Healed, ':''i abo he taught olt.dience to the lit is alive to her dutiO.s and h the pr.e-t- h od. Mothers have a great deal of it of he! trilling. oke on the priiicilullueiice with their children, al.-- witii their It we.pcriom our duties husbands. pie i" oK;diena as mothers our children will and Hioiiv r (h (). Card S)oke upon the law r'.-- y .:' We sdmiiM teach mu children us. iithhig, ten thousand" members' of this .!:; j::ce and Ciiurc'h l.ad cut themselves short of the "President M. L- Woolf endorsed :he re bhvin 's of God. Advised the Saints to in .cyan! to favdug aver ir.d ay their debts and endeavor to keep out. i::!ded hi r testimony. spoke noon the product of cheese, and but-- Minutes rend and approval. r tel Sing: making, advised the Saints to be sell- "We thank Thee, Q God, for a m tlnsean'd other things, as. far IleU'.dicliou .by -- Sister Sarah Gibbs. as cosV.ible, and not depend 'altogether oTT Afternoon ses-- h n convened at '2 p. m.. ifup(;rit'd got)ds'. Gave many good.' instructions upon temporal matters. If we Counselor. Jane Uiamin presiding. SingO Tk ing, "Guide us, great jihovah." aio united,.ou.r labors will be light; if we will Praer by Patriarch. 'Henry L. Hinman. keen the commandments of God,'-wverdant soon have a Temple in our midst. Sh.ging, ''.Down by the river benediction Mae. Minute. of nite noon ev'ou o". Singing, "0, my Father." Counselor Thomas Duce. . previous conference read. We Khoda br- Ilinm.t'i am: Jank W. Bat.i-s- Sec. vhju we i:vmg in a day of pro;:u-- r L " Mamie-Ihe- .j ! s . - 1 - , : ;'. ; ' mi-cr- -r ovnnd . 1 1 bh-jugs- : ree-.ive- 1 d : n- : - i "'' S i ' i o - ' . self-denial- ! . ; ; j r.-snc- j . j - ; : su-raium- I i ! , i ; . a-- -: to pr.'gress we1 ce ir We arc living ie propMeei' (j'A S d w-o- : hip -- ho. ihesideni C :ti:e? i:;e Pilh'f nave in::: 112:!!! to.; . bnve ali we' should be g.r '.'SJ vi ;:U-.- ' 11:-- . HI-'.'Hi- t d o-- ; . : we a ( rayers. .btna: i Lid for ;' 'lie V i MLt r u e Ui e :'r,..; i. ,.i v i W(, e rai -- c each : aru de.iires a rennv-.ea :'eUi d:v at IheCneral Uehe: e . 'tlie c::ee at Silt bako Ciiy.. Si. L.p:es n.:me of Sister Ziua V. Cr.: .! as an :dd to V. the Alberta 'Strke. Carr-ieuuani ''Mothers' shotdd always be able to govern inemseivca ana seek lor nower to nam iien c:uidren pr.pcriv tnat they may up tiscfuLin the kingdom of God." attended Sister Ziua Card said .the General Relief Society C6n!erence and The nth o gWe- instructions received-March' should be remembered as uieMay first organization of theKclief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith. It should be as" a ten cent frrnd day aii'd could be celebrated as desired; Mhe president of each i'ranch being responsible for .the. fund.- - The .Stake.. officers should visit each. society jmce W class .a .yenr, and twice, inconvenient'. should be. called to be trained as nurses in each Stake, we should study 'to care proper- The Stake- officers' iy for the sick. meeting-shou- ld be held quarterly; local he sisters snoum onicers' once a month, build .houses and granaries, as their nieajis v.'ill allow after 'the poor are properly. tajeil" care ofk ' Spoke- of our average attendance v"n being' as' large as it .shbuia..ne auiuuu.0 to the members enrolleal. ' ;. ! v . ' . r-- sbcl ' . . oi-th- -- ob-'.:rv- ed r "... a CURRENT EVENTS i.ttl. ill Ul arc be prayerful," vq ears and answeis e mi c.'ir O.TIO! tO at f '1 f t!k.- - C W. 1'.. Ci'iiiinnim ami C ji. May n.. , Tin; government is 'exerting itself to meet the emergency, but not more than five million can be relieved. roads are crowded with ghastly bands seeking. to es cape Troin stricken territorie. but for lack of fo;d .uid water succumb in the attempt, .mil the roads are dotted with heaps o'fdeud In ome jurts; of In'dia the ;md dying. bodies lie exposed to the suu..as the inhabt-- j tml.i are dying rnore nipjdly than' the sur vivors for the dead.. can-provid- aj)peai iroru. j,onuon says inai meI'nited Status ought to at least contribute a million of dollars toward a relief fund. Au- other from Calcutta says that owing to the fact that the Knglish are engaged in the . - .... ' . y. somewhat expensive task of reducing the south African Republic to the same Colon- ialVassalage, the government ha not been ablestodn as much for the- succor "of the peopled India as it might under ''Other circumstances. Kvery American sympathizes with these The. deplorable sutlerers in far off Asia. condition produced by crop failure has" been intensified by the financial system en fc reed on the people. oLt he unhappy land by the No doubt, the I'nited London bankers. .States would raise the one million, without much trouble, but while we are sending money into this britisti colony, the British are sending .money out to aid in the'sjwila-tioin o; her lands. The. Philatlelpliia 'J.art; has this to say about Knglaiid- g e ' g i tht-Vlabo-rs ' heart-rendin- ' . i;- - i" j ; II I V.' day--th- t : . .. ...... is-ar- f c i ed - 0 . ........ .out, and world isevery . m imaged in burying- its dead. After the the work has be to funeral, "picked up am! 'carried o.u, so it endless chain, and life it vl is but a .long funeral procession, until it is closed at the grave. Almost, reptuts come from India, bringing news of the pitiful coudi-- ! t ion ol tlfe country more than evir to the public view. Cholera is gathering' in its deadly hold ninety millions of people, who ue living in the 'midst of pestilence and art-snuff- i Ltuth-s- n In order to get ovei the. worst part first, I waib commence this paper with the awful calamity at Scofield,' by which a large num' were She h sending millions oat ;ii ;varr iug n:t an women and .children of ber niijnst war against Soiah All ic a, left homeless ami helpless. A calamity like 'a,e.'e.ressi-e'anhe nianih'st lut s towanls s::! wink: iiee,lcetinthis is unparalleled in the United States. ji.v'ts vl:o ln.ine, undo' paternal sv.iv,; slucaaj ny If On the morning of May ist over two hunjiaternal solicitude. eq'.ial'v tl;e s::h; Ssm'!n1 irin'fli a:To:d for in to ran the usual money as s. Ene,land dred men went to work of the- I'.oers, she sb fob t be of the tile retaking, their: mangled mine. In a few hours able t spen a tithe of thest::n to s;ive t'hedive A to" mains were being brought If ICnglahd' f her starving people in lii'iia. of were heads of these sists upwii spreading Heath and desvilaiionb) South large proportion the'-to Afriea and sfpaainlering her rn.illions pi this way, out went Mv sympathy families. what is left for liiananity to do, miu fee-f- an! wmo onuu spcih., nu women, rum p.xr her starving subjc.'ts and eolohists in ' sit and moan. eare ' v could and only Asia Itnglish, . could not Imagine ourselves where we The Paris Exposition ofT.906 was formala;ad cur loved ones, speak eartli'and timly opened on April 14 M. Mikrand, the buried in a debris Socialist Minister obCbmmerce, was chosen ber. address. Like all The disastrous results of this accident to deliver the inaugural out?- was .opened .nu-curretheiresent expositions oeen eAeeeuu iiave oniv some weeks , before the buildings were iii Wales some years ago, in which ready. The number of American exhibifive huudred were killed in a mine explotors is second only t tliose of Trance, anil sion. The largest oni in the United ocfar.ahed of all other competitors.. Where States, previous to the Scofield accident," thousand, Germany curred' in Pennsylvania, in which over one Kughind has only-onStates has seven United the tliree thousand, hundred men lost their lives. - I I - - s the-surface- . l b-- ' ' -- the-langua- ge. - of-fallen " - c! . e We should be proud of the citizens of wlio Utah; and also citizens ot other states, rrnouded so nobly to tlie call lor nuance. Ii U well - for we kuow uot the hourlhat Wr- nine need help ourselves. It is not war. alone that mak,es neavy. drafts uptm the courage and iKippiriess vf 11,1vk women, SlllCC 111 Jlian women and Men must Vocations ' The worx ot t Lie world cans - . ..vi-jcj- must weep. n- thousand exhibitors. - seewwu . iun.e and twenty-ninthousand,, and disfifty-twsquares feet, with There is every tinct exhibition spaces. reason to beheve that the exhibition will sue-- ' have good. effect beyond its commercial l" 1.IIC iviiiei lean hundred wv4.uMiv..- - e forty-seve- o n " .CCSS; . - - Xr: After three years'of almost incessant moil, it need hardly be said that the Kr- '". tur- 