WO MAN'S ' X V 0 N I N T. 55 and married Kdward Bruadheiu in "and 'words to say; for of myself' I knew sh.evd .!; 'Thev emigrated to Utah in r-;that I "could say nothing, fori was entirely with the Saints the hardshi; of the ';ra car! v. unlearned.. 'He came.-war' and other times of scarcity incident The nmse propped C;:n:n-M.In while life in the valley. me up as I had askul ami then Hold him living at Sanpete C.. her husband u'a.s drmviu-- in t!r that I wished to talk with him about my. Sevier river,, leaving her with lvi small He seemed pleased a:.d was as religion.. In y one. f whom soon t'nlhAwd the 'father. :vs wh.t.m S:io kind Bernard married he s"u;"h..d'Vv cv:Ui have been if he bad-beeshe by ib-of in them children, one dying infancy. my father. He had the windows 'raisedr career has been' a varied one. sin- living in !?u::y lor it was very warm, and then tokl me he w:-i'i!cnd.i fr .i i.vns of the State, where she. has would like to listen if I was strong enough. the .p:f herself by her integrity I spent nmre than ;u hour in v.vA ha-("ioseh She came to thi ward i:j telljng him. of the ward.. wlnt there was in' the Bible. A since been connected with the labors' great many she was president of the Primary he said' lie had never seen in his things S ;ilst held the olhce of treasurer of "the BtMe and thought it was from some'other aud he.ul teacher of the same. In 1 tuld J)a-'.A .M. bM)k. But to : President counselor him that if he would was chosen ..;, of the Relief Society, udiich position she hM at bri ng his Bible would mark it for him so the time of. her demise. , he could tend it.- I had a synopsis of the She leaves two children, seven grandekildrcn, one sister and three brothers. ico v. Bible with me and I knew that I could find , other .relatives and friends to rnnrn her .deaih. anything th it I , wanted. aNmfi. ' i;5. ! ;. else.-'.Man- I t- - !',, n, ehi-divM- , -- 1 r -- - : t. ' r.-s" Aw'.-;-::n.H- K-li- ef . . - ' 1 PI - I !; K-i'- 1 bs Wl Kt'!. aim. t c .a ?. .av, IM 1 M Sigurd, Sevier Co.. Utah, A GOOD. WOMAN GONE. Sw is not Pt'ittt f't.'t S!t-'-ft,fi- . Caroline Hopkins Clark, wife of Bivwp J,;iu :. at Clark, who departed this life '( ietolvr 3 the advanced age of 69 years, five months and davs. was born at Sutton, Warwickshire. England; on'the 6th day of May. imi. She h came a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of J.a:.--da- y and came to Utah Saints in the spring of ? in the fall of 1 $66, settling in Coalville. ' She. was 'the mother of seventeen children, nine f whom survive herseven sons and two daughters grandchildren and seven grandmother to fifty-on- e e;reat grandchildren. On the 22nd dav of Am;:-'- , i;$7, slie was chosen president of the t'pum Relief to her death. Society, which position she dield-,-uAnn Hopkins, She was the daughter to whom were born three sons and seven 'daughters. At an early age she left the home of h.-childhood for the Gosp.d's sake - die being the onlv one in the familv to join the Church -- and came to Utah. .Deceased was just and kind to a!!, a loving wife, kind and indulgent mother and be-- " She died in full Faith loved by alt who knew her, of the Gosx.d with the hope of a glorious resurrection. The funeral services over thcyemains uc-rheld from the meeting house on Saturday. Novem-be- i funeral ever 3, and it was the largest atten-IeThtTroom was beautifullv decorheld. in Upton. ated with flowers." President W. V. Clmf wavthe vehicles Twenty-thre- e speaker at the services. remain , the followed loaded with sorrowing friends to their last resting place. lust a few minutes before her death Mrs. (.'lark repeated the following verse: , 1 1 1 . When he came again he brought his Bible, but the fird thing to be mentioned was the Book of Mormon. He said tint the 'Bible did not siy anything about Mich a book. I asked him what Isaiah meant when he spoke of the Stick of Judah and the Stick of Kphra'rr that were to be made one Stick in the hands of the Lord? lie said he had never seen such a statement in the .Bible. We had a' long talk and he, when he left, left his beautiful morocco bound Bible with me. I had lost the use of my lower limbs, but not of my hands, so I procured a pencil and set to work marking passages and by the time he returned I had about fiftv marked for him. When he came I handed it to him. As many as thirty of the inmates at a time had cohje and listened to our talks. I used to "pray that my memory might be strengthened and that I might have wisdom that whatever I should dy wvA Id be correct. " On his next visit, after ' inquiring about my condition, he said: "My dear young girl,- I have lived, to seethe words of our blessed Lord fulfilled in you, for he said, 'These, things shall be hid from the wiseand prudent and be revealed even' into babes.' I wasuioiigiii ui) una irar.ieu m college to oe a minister of the Gospel, but I never in all my studies knew such words were in the Bible; but I must confess that what you ' - have said is true." One young lady mads a remark thinking to take me off what I was saying, but the Affliction sore, longtime I bo-minister turned to her and told her I was Physicians were in vain. Till ,death did ease and God did please abundantly able to answer all questions, To ease me from mv pain. and that i she could not be quiet to leave ' ' II OF .kS. CRI the room. She did not bothtr more. He was a constant visitor as long as I re- In behalf of mv family I wish,to heartily thank all those" who so kindly assisted in anv way during-th- ma hied there and his last words to me were I. also wish to illness and death of my wife "God bless and spare your life. The docthank J. W, Simister and the members of the choir tor has ones today." given for the excellent music rendered at the funeral. few A nights before, I left the hospital May all be rewarded for the good they did. two brjght light's appeared at my window, John Clahk. and I heard these words distinctly," "Arise and depart from here:- this place is polluted AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SARAH B- LAYTONand you will be destroyed,-- Joseph'-an(Continued.) Hyrum Smith." I told the night nurse and she said she By this time some of the inmates began ' to be jealous of me. and talk about me and guessed it was an angd, for I had often do all they could. ' They said that I was an told her that angels did come to the. earth How I prayed that the doctor impostor and that they dared not pass my, these days. But I would send me home, for I feared to stay door; that I was a witch, and so on. When the doctor made did not mind it for I had passed throughll there. that sort when I had first joined the Church. visit, hp" told me that I r would have to I knew that friends had beeai raised up to undergo an operation, ! told him that "I .would To that he said,- me in time of need by my Heavenly Father never5iHBiit to that. "you may then go home, we can do no and I learned to trust him. I asked the nurse if she would prop me more for you." He looked at me and said, do you 'want to five for ? The fear up when the minister came again, for" I felt "What I prayed of death, or the love of the world ?" as if I would like to talk to him. My &aswer was the love t?f tl wQrkl that I might be given strength to talk ' e, 1 ine-an- ,a me-some"- - !; - his-nex- t He said tint if I lived I would never be any good to myself or V) any one f my'friends came to see me and I finally wrote a letter to' my friends to come : and take me home. So after nine weary weeks- of torture and suffering I was given a paper by the doctor stating that I was I was taken home and was given a l uge supply of. medicine. My mother was told to report my condition occasionally. At the end of two weeks my mother went to v.-- the doctor, who asked if that ooY He gave her some girl were still alive. more medicine" for me. A .few days after that some of my old Methodist friends called to see me, and while they were there I had to take 'some of my medicineOne of them asked me if I kuew'wliat it was I was taking. I said that I did not, and then he told me it was opium. I looked astonished at him, fur I. had been tld that he took a great deal of that poison, and a more haggard and sickly looking man it would be hard to find. I thought that if I could not live without taking that drug it was better for me to die. I prayed earnestly that if my living depended upon, my taking that drug which I saw made such ghastly looking sights, that ' I might die. As soon as my strength permitted, I took all of the medicine that I had and went outside and buried it and. there covenanted with the Lord that if He would spare my life that I might be useful in the kingdom, I would never take doctor's medicine agajm I was restored to health, .and though-fifty-fiv- e years have passed, and I have had much sickness to go through, I have never taken any of their medicine to speak of. After was restored, my companion in the Church, Sister Sarah Martin, and .1 ussd to distribute .tracts for the missionaries through two different villages; we made a,iouud each Sunday-eveninWe had three nitles to the one place and two to the other, but we never missed going summer or winter for years. Sometimes the people would listen to what we had to say and sometimes they would not; some would tell us that they had burned those we left last and they did not want any more: others would shut the door in our faces, but wherever the people would listen, to. us we told them what the Lord wanted of them to the best of our ability, and we had jhe pleasure of seeing some of the fruits of our ' labors. One nfght as I was walking with the president of the Bedfordshire mission our conversation was turned to the young man with whom I had been keeping company.,, I told the president that I would never marry him" in this .world, for he was too narrow-minded, I could never be happy with him. The president told me that Brother Underwood loved me as much as a man could love a .woman . 'But, ' ' said het "the half of a man you could love is better than the wholsroi oue you could not love." This surprised me. and I asked him if he meant by that that men had more than one wife in these days..'- ! y - le. ' - ' g. . - . . His reply was,- '- "You must have caught r the spirit of it I" "Well,". I told .him, "the Bible speaks' of men having more than, one wife. " His only answer to this was that we have the same Gospel that th ancients had; Ifjonld plainly see that if plural marriage was a principle of the Gospel then, it must . : of necessity be so now. That was the first time I had heard it hinted at, ,that polygamy m?: being practisec! j ij fljg Qhimh: I frarasd . ' 