WOMAN'S KXI'O'NliNT. Woman Exponent ulls: ;.1mi:ijm-: ;' h JViS. ': ' N' mail, c t 50 ,'! tn'r eri ly in' .ni iii'v. p. utv id ! o-- i r til ' y.i r.ir. 1.1 ! 1 ! r I ,t.i If, t,,t the great advantages the Id its faithful members, ar.d inculcating correct and of those virtues iiUfr. S.i!t L one ... or v c'u : !.-- . p'. 1. ft- .! iv- ! s'picf nr i.nif? count la if,; il tr J-'.- j O; - t inon:!i :. 0, ' !:. ,, A J.5..T tt. i,,.ni,rn , . u .:n thf " , 1090, wiiimiw dav It is essential that means be collected in the various branches everywhere lor 1';' 1 ruv-rs- . Room 20 3 Tcmptrn. Sou:'! IVrtjpV hoars fntn) I" a. m. t 5 p tn. r ry otfi- - KxroNF.ST Street: B isints (Jav, except Siir'!.r. '4 Society has given and in promoting principles of life, current expenses, and the small sum of ten cents each was decided- upon unanimously. aM bij.inrss communiiat uns tr Vlilre-.No institution great ox small '.can be sustained without money, and it is true that WKI.l.S, hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash, , a k r. (.'i V, ''I Alt, SM merchandiM and produce has been donated at Iht tnt (tf.rm Si I..1U li.'v, ( and disbursed during the time since the itcond clin m iUr. Many industries Society' was organized. and enterprises have been fostered 'and lor the sole purpose, of aiding the Salt LvkiM'm, I'lut, Fi it. 15 a M m t. destitute, the needy, the sick and afllicted, and to give labor to the unemployed. THE SEVENTEENTH' OF MACH. Silk culture is one. of the branches of industry the Society has aided in various On Saturday, March 17, it will be fifty ' wa's and thousands of trees have been eiudit years since the Relief Society ( which' and cocoons been raised and reeled has now attained such. magnificent propor- - planted and woven, and in some instan;es spun, houses for meetings and the accomodaben or-- , etc., Illinois. .We speak of it have been built, granartion of the gani.ed by President Joseph Smith, but ies also, in allneedy of the Stakes of Zion. "Have among the prime movers in this direction uomeirbuiit them ?" some people ask. We we may look with a' degree of honorable answer "Yes, as Solomon built the Tern- pride to Sisters Sarah M. Kimball and Kliza We need more of these, more halls R. Snow. Sister Kimball and a maiden pie." to meet "in, more granaries' for wheat, more lf ..v.. tii')l I a At rui'illinr lv. 1, it'll num. .niiuv. cti ulinc vtuuli lirf j'.ii.i i do benevolent work,, and Sister Kimball mulberry trees, more cocoons, more young ladies to learn the art of reeling silk, and so having a high regard for Sister Suo.w's and then we need a house for general judgment and ability, talked it over with on, we can not only assemble her, and it was agreed to speak to the purposes, .where President of the Church of uhich they:were for meetings, receptions and lectures, but both zealous members. Accordingly Sister where we can transact the business pertainShow did 'so and he called together those ing to this great Society, and where we can receive in a suitable manner persons of renear at hand, brethren and sisters', and ornown who come from time to time to this ganized .the Society. lie foresaw and foretold many things wonderful city. We believe the great, the concerning it which have since come to, noble and the learned from various nations will yet come here, many have aeady come pass, What that small beginning 'has been and we should prepare for the greater to' the women of Zion, from that day until the present, in the development of activities things that the future is sure to bring. As in many, ways, and the awakening 0f Kpiekeus says, "How can we tell what com .thought and defining of purpose, it is quite ing people are atx)ard trie ships that may be What it may sailing to us now from the unknown seas." impossible to tell in words. At all events, the Society wants a'place do in the great future, to which we look with such earnest hopefulness, remains ior where records can be kept in safety, and us who still live and labor, and the younger where our sisters who come from .a distance t .the information they require for the women who will enlist in the work, to determine by diligence and enterprise along 'furtherance of the work m their own localthe lines of higher anil ' nobler- aspirations ity, where' they--- can meet the general and culture, than the world has yet attained. officers. and freely- talk over and explain That rapid progress is being made by matters of importance, or write letters when a large number of women in all cijiilizect sojourning here for a time. in many of the large cities have built such lands, those who are not blinded by prejudice can plainly see. What has; been places, and our Society is much larger and achieved in the last half century is sufficient of greater importance, for it is not only guarantee of what the next half century national but international. There is no must necessarily be in the ratio of. even reason why our light should be hid under a bushel. modest calculation. "Let your light-- so ".shine that others it seems fitting indeed to celeTherefore, i'mry see your good works." brate the day when such a movement was inaugurated,-- and to 'make it. a day memor-- ' EDITORIAL NOTES. able in tLe miiids of all who are within Tuesday, January. 6, Mrs. Emily s. ment "builded better than they knew" is of this citv, and Mrs. Lurv A for to see who live .its easy today and have Clark,- of Farmiugton, started for Washhad the great privilege of reaping where ington to attend the convention' they have sown. It is only proper that each A,ational..American Woman's Suffrage society, however small, commemorate the 'Associa'tTcn. and to be at the birthprtsent day, making it such an occasion as" seems day celebration of Miss. Susan B. Anthony them most suitable to their circumstances who will be old on February' eighty yeans intlie respective locality. One- suggestion 15- , Mrs. Richards represents the 'Utah . ' - s Mrv-i:.-ll- - I t -- Kn!,-re- , l, J ; ? visit to that, city. Tin: Stake .Secretaries of the ' en-courag- . ! ' ul V 1 V.D 1 1 I i - - Club-wome- . . . iviv-Aiai- u; - of-the ' - " , ; .) ' 7 , ),.. "llir V to make a correct report for the April Co:i. All branches of the RelieV S.eiuv ).. ference. I not. included in Stakes are also reouested send a Jull report for the year that a complete report of the entire socivty ::;av be made, including branches, whtthcr in the United Statesr-otheor of A islands the the sea. Mrs upon K. Ii. Wells, Secretary, Temp!ao:i, Salt Lake City, Utah. Mrs. Sophia Sharp and her duuhter, Mrs. James K. Jennings, gave a Kt ns::-at the latter's beautiful home on .South Temple, on Tuesday, February 6. The roou;s were very tastefully decorated, a::d the ladies, many of thenr old fiier.ds aad i ,- -to j ; r d-- j i !- --., ; 1 . Wi j I j ! acquaintances, enjoyed to the. utmost the Here. too. thenpleasant afternoon. sort in guessing. A small wax cantlie had been lighted, and each lady wa to guess how long it would burn; and a cup was filled with small candy balls aud i!:; ladies were asked to guess how many it contained. It was very amusing'-t- hear - u-r-- c ed j 1 can-ge- k. ' ning of the year January 1st cmocr 0ist, ami mat the report "1st : immedhtelv.' in nnlcr tint ,1,.. .v.. 1 1.1 Kei efy of the several Stakes of ion ah. reminded that a yearly report is ex them for the general report, from t that ever shine brightest in 'he humaircharacter. Tlie general instructions given at the . M u;'; une yt .ii. J5 ;- - State Council of Wo'meu as its ; and Mrs. Clark as delegate.' Mr. has, attended several afnvcntiuns i: ingtou previously, but it is Mrs. CH: 's liist made, however, that particular mm workers in respect In: .shown to the veteran tlie cause; ami tlr.it' mention be .made in s,m?' he of the "addresses or speeches, of the guesses made, most of them very wide of the mark. Oife lady, however, secured the prize and walked away when tlie party was over carrying the china cup contain!: tlie candy. Dainty refreshments were served by young ladies and the conver.-a-tioat the 'prettily arranged tea ubles was most interesting "over the tea cups." The party was a great success, happiness" was depicted on every countenance, and the pleasure was spontaneous .and uninten rrupted. j ' Thursday, February 1, Mrs. Priscilla 1',. Jennings and Mrs. Harold Jennings entertained at a Kensington at the former's handsome residence on South Temple. The two ladies received their guests in the spacious hall. About sixty ladies were pres- ent- Au amusing feature of the afternoon A card Willi was the ornessincrr . mtpt " ribbon attached .was handed to eacli lady on entering the room, with twenty' numbers. These figures represented the twenty p:cai'.d 1 - tllrPC tint n-or- i rr o lntifl(.fl 1 TAXI Ti 3 the one who could tell1 the largest number of either the name of the picture or. the artist was to receive a, prize. ' Mrs.,.Martha B. Jennings won the prize. The moras were prettily, decorated and flowers were disposed in quaint and elegant vases ami the effect was charming., Delicious were served in most hospitable 'iaslirelrtMi-ment- s is a very genua i.- jenmngs one who kn.Mve well how to brimr(7 the Vfr11 t people together. This is her first euiertain-"-ensince her return from Europe where iun. Aurs. . y she visited, meantime journeying here ana there tor two years. A good .part 01 time was spent in Paris. ' . The Woman Suffrage . Association nia.y now discuss the question, "Are the men Kentucky too emotional to take part : 'politics?" ' V : ; 111 