WOM " Tliroah 'itur'i : MMIiUSE iJ'A..A. !. I: XPOMiNT. llos M'... u ind . d. "erl way :. Through long night w!nc dreary durk::e Peaches o'er the days So He brings. tlieju home a't la ' en- IV:m, ttv 50 No - opv ( :..:.!, in : on m t l.y mail, extra v.:, j.,. 1 " i'i S.ilt t.oo; on toj.y t'.f c'.u!.. -- Cry, Uu'r, l.i-- ' MX er City one year, 25 cts. Ivu h ii'J ir, r i'.t-Ailvrti t.me , l""' m.mh. $2.S 5;iac' one to- regular .i !t tiv rv hr.'-- s t- months. dc'.v-rn-- " .l ' : of nonp.iri'-- l A Mu ral Through dead !vjhs 'uh..se joyo-- -, .!..v.:m' Un -- ,3-fJ.- dii-cou- - . ' ' luti,, -and tlie .with their gain ewli.r,., dressed ladi fmbroiderv aiid needlework, m.u., a ra liant picture,' tlfe lrisk flow. of avM tion, the greeting of ohl friend- - a hearty good feeling that pervaded ;hc is , nt . - . j f ... n . flower and choice Sister Whituvy's many attractive characteristics endeared her to those with whom she was associated; and she had a large I Kxros'KST oifax Koo-einp'cton, Soh Temple circle of intimate friends,, as well a Strert: Busings hours from 10. t, in. tj 5 p. in., eury relatives whose hearts w ere deeply touched day. rxcrjil Sunday. when they "realized that he'liad gone forA JliCi a'.J H:nt"i ,umiit;iiitat.ons . ever from their view. Put her children Mis.T.. H. WF.l.I.S, Jive, and whatever affection or underiies ... Sait I.akk Ciiv, Utah. 'may be bestowed 'upon- them the mother - nr arthtlcally decoratcVl .with roses, wasted So He brings His ch'cn J:ue Nevermore t vadly. roan' Have Wells, moth ,,f .i. Governor,' gave'a. Kensington at r deuce on Pirst Street, on p'rir;.. j Ab-.asix to from "iS, p. in. ,jxl';. t;o ladies. mostlv intimate friends niui The hatulsolue i'n. r;3s Ul, were pit sent, - . PuVu.li.'i-- ' Martha-Ci- . i . Safe from every st"iniy Ma-- t So through eares and tnaK Throu.;!) tcuiptatit.ns strong, Editor and I'ubltiKer. '. Mrs; t :, - j throni time "So Woman's Exponent. AN'S 1C - i Delicio: conipany was nrost ehpyable. were refreshments daintily 'erv M.?v., ta seemed afternoon only loo horl for ;, lKqq,'Uatheniig. 'fhe H. R. Society, gave Mondav May "2S, id Mrs W. J. 'Realic . a at- - inn-i-- ai the"p-idf-:u- :c for the bene!;: of lt if it were done to her, 'will appreciate-aThe Scofield sufferers. t 0;..e i Sit EnfirtJ at if large a:id c( ::: and even more, for now' her capacity for m1 were beautiful h uecoratv! ifCon l i'liss tnatter. She mt ions parlo;s love will' be greater than before with the stars and stripes and the I). R. "wore "thenulge of 'motherhood with blue and buff, and lovely f;nwT most becoming- grace;"" and now that he colors, Ciiv. I'iaikJim. 1, vr. .Salt maac ine piace iragrani with sweetest. cannot ..minister to the little ones she Melds band played clioice natu: so tenderly, will watch her little loved PIONEER' WOMAN'S PAPER. '." selectio;is oh the lawn which was brilliant flock with even greater sol iciHHlc.A'rid uho for the occasion with cltctrii This number of - the paper, June first, we who remain count not those Charles Burton- was Master of nineteen hundred is the commencement of died loving us. ' Zina Smoot Whitney; .beloved wife of Ceremonies, and the young and taleauj volume of the Woman's the Twenty-ninttook rhargc of the n:u, Arthur I x ton k NT; It is the oldest woman's Bishop O. P Whitney, was born February plavim Shepherd thr accompaniments for the sogpaper in the Wet,"and the first established 20. iS59, and was thedaughter of the Hon was a very great ers, w hich the ladies-:felH. Smoot. Sister and Abraham () in dW'Zi Wtsl P'mily uVcr "the Portland, except favor. Mrs. Willard Croxall rendered Oregon; that- - was discontinued several Whitney passed peacefully away at her song in French and also one in KiiglMi Wars since. At the time this paper- was home in this city, on Sunday afternoon, Miss Mabel whose-namis well iirst isstied "there- were few Women in any May 20, I900, aged forty-onyears and known in SaltCooper, also favored the comLake, if llit nrofrSNioiis. and even women teachers three mouths. of her finest pieces, and Mr. wit!; otie The funeral was held at the family pany received very small salaries and hardly The Walter Wallace, who has a fine hi voice, ventured to speak' up in' meeting; but residence-oWednesday, May 25. Refresh also sang one of his best solos. wonderful developments have been made rooms were beautifully decorated with I rill nnd t!:, n' nlctitv; (rtlcsfv Vll' Ol lltV.UL ' vrr- siTvrfl in woman's work and woman's sphere dur-- ' flowers, the loving gifts of her dear. .Friends, a va feel of 'the ladies affair. the society who with their own hands arranged them ing the last .thirty years .Those who Uinl financially. the progress of affairs must be and also .made the dainty garment in success .both sociilly' : t aware how marvclously woman herself .has which she was robed and laid away:" CANADA The funeral services were held at 2 p. spirit of the age, not kept pace with-thonly in the Ivast, where every facility for in. and were tender and impressive, the The Alberta Stake Relief Society met in music being particularly fine, and the conference at Cardstoh, May 12, 1900, advancement, is easy of access but in the far West, where all was very crude and speakers were sympathetic .as well and inStake President Mary L; Woolf presulfng. was new .but half a century ago. Her grave spirational. literally Meeting opened by singing "Come, come covered with exquisite floral tributes. Her ye Saints." Prayer by Counselor Jac? last resting 'place wasindicated by Klder Hinmati. Singing, "How-.- firm a foundA TRIBUTE OF LOVE. S. Rulou Wells, mid the quartette. of singation." Roll called, fourteen officers present. ers rendered the beautiful hvmn 14 Rest on Minutes of forenoon session of previous ZINA SMOOT WHITNEY. the Hillside, Rest." conference were read. Lake Ctiy, t tah, a" , . - L.-ki- . jvr-fum- . lt -- li!d-Genera- l. - h C t , : - . e c V, ft V K A ftlV--f- t V have-watche- d 1 . - - ' "There ts n death the tiling that we call death Is hut another sadder name for life, Whieh is itself an insufficient name, ... .Paint recognition of that unknown Life That Pow er whose shadowds the universe." EDITORIAL NOTES, . . When we think of the beautiful woman whose name is mentioned here, we cannot, feel that she is dead, and as we sat pen in hand' meditating, the, poet's words we have quoted came fresh to mind, although we had not thought of them for years. Zina from earth to another sphere, she has gone home to her Father and Mother in heaven, and her little babe, Ileber, and to her earthly 'father and mother, and - many more w hom she knew e who loved her and loved while 'here. husband and friends cannot call children, .her back, do what we may, but wx- can cherish .her 'memory; emulate her good' deeds, her many, virtues, her tender, swqet words and ways, her gentleness, her purity. We could not wish to have her live and she has gone where there is no pain nor sorrow, nor will there be any more sad partings for her to endure, anil by and by we shall go to hen if we are worth v. has-passe- - suffer'-longer;'- ' -- Mrs. Potter. Palmer will entertain' Imposition in the house of the Marquis- - de Montgomery, near' the Trocadero, which she has It is said that -- she- is paying for. it; s.4,000 a month rental. -- dur-ing-thoJEa- re-nted- ris ., of 'the birthdav of President Brigham Young $ being celebrated today, June 1. The children the city have brought beautiful flowers in. great abundance with which the statue-o- f the great pioneer and the monument are being festooned and garlanded; bauds are playing and cannons have been fired by the veteran artillery men earlv this ing. Services in the Tabernacle are a part ot the program, including an address by President horeno'Snow, and in the afternoon an excursion to Saltair, in .which the public are invited to ra'rtiVinat tu;" one o the Rotable days for' Utah when they delight to honor this great pioneer: and leader, certainly one of men of the nineteenth century. 1Q anniversary ; - the-forem-ost' ' President M. X. Woolf rejoiced to; see so many young mothers with their habes Felt that the minutes just read present': were' full of inspiration. We must cultivate the spirit of God continually, that our . influence may always" be felt. Knew the Lord would bless us and we wo'uld feel doubly paid for the little sacrifices made to attend our conference. President Sarah B. Dames, of Cardston,' iv.it til v Ul k. Ul LUC A.C1C1 uuvv noble mission for the daughters of Zion. Reported the Cardston society. The sisters are united and faithful in their duties, but the attendance at meeting was noPso large as she desired. President Elizabeth Webb, oh the Mountain View society reported their society as being in good condition, ;...Tlie sisters are united and trying to do their duty, She had enjoyed her visit in UtalT very much, had seen the hand of the Lord .made.raanifest to a great extent in the hea' ling. of the sick. Counselor Kva Hansen reported the , Aetna society as "in an improved condition, although scattered. The sisters are united and energetic in their duties. - 