WOMAN'S liXPOXENT. ACROSS THE YEARS. 35 Many kind and encouraging words were spoken to me, advising me l0 bold fast to me.' When she sent for me I went to the mansion and asked to see the lady. In a t reminder of their presence here, 'Hi,- f; the truth. few minutes the butler came and took me to tlw-Tthoughts as sweet as their perfume if is were several' there whom I had the lady 's room. When I Appeared before rA like the sunbeams full .f warmth and cheer. .met in the Methodist chapel, and w'e were her she looked at" me and said: . 'n'c n.ves smile rjgmc with eyes so blue, TrU vv li;)"i t them ami think of you. glad to see each other, and to know that : 'Sarah, I am pleased to see you. Are I.I had embraced the truth Some vou able to sew again ?" ) together. afjs we two have dwelt apart, c,, !(nbore tlivir in bestowed her meed of til and tears' tesUmonv,a:id one lady spoke I told her thyt I was. She then spoke of an miknov toujjue.- This was all new to shadowed days upon my eaer heart; at church any since I took my not isie- years, ai j)e.n.e, v;11- - teiurf4 jne and to my brother. ;: felt well paid sick. I being We told her no, I had not been there am for all 'the. ;.;h1 an'l truo Am! tbn nk for the effort we had made. Brother Chris:lic has been min'e anl nios'tot alitor vou nor I did not intend to go any moic, topher Laytou was one of those who had any, for had joined the Mormon Church. ate Ya rates, but distaneu cannot harm joined the Church and ltft the Methodist She looked at me and said, "What, as q'be sweet compamonssp wliicn'onee was ours, chapel. me the memory ot your charm. ' 't.r . 'When I reached home 'that night mv young as QU are? What do you know wakens yitn1.1tne iiaerance ot th ee i'. we lather, had jtist gone up stairs to go to bed. about religion ?" I said that I. did know that the Church of I .startea to Xo ve.irs of absence ever can undo in an unknown tongue. speak The 1'or.ds of tenderness which elin to you. Saints was rights My mother.cried put for father, saying that Jesus Christ of Latter-daShe askxd if mv mother allowed it, but I thosi Mormons had bewitched her child; .crus the years-- I hear your loving .voice, told her that the Lord had shown me that she seemed much distressed. I coud not Vrjjhi.vr me always to some lusher aim. I know that yo-- reH-eWhen have won stop for some time, but when I could talk I it was right and I joined for myself., I When I have failed vou grieve but do nlame told that it was common in the Church and was then asked whether I could tell her If in :::v ir.unble way some good I do, that we had heard it that night in meeting.' what I believed, and .then I 'explained to f.'.ve it to t!ioe other years and you. ' Ldid not know what I, had said, but my her that we believed in faith in God, reJ i:MK Ximinan Vhiku.-n- . mother was never so unkind to me after.' T pentance, baptism for the remission of sins often thought it was one way of soltening arid the laying on of bancs for the gift of AUGUST. TWILIGHT. the hearts of my parents, 'Holy Ghost; also that we believed in the . , Willi I worked hard with p.)inti:i. 'horns, the ghostly my brother all that Bible and the Book of Mormon. There noo..n, w ere no more questions this time, but told '"" Omen of week, and on the next Sunday he was bapdraught, hangs' mid wav of the' west, This was in February. ; After that me to go the wor room and tell the maid tized; The llden loaust thrills his ancient tune to get me what I wanted. I had some one to go with me to Of dying summer, and the cricket's din meetings. Sounds louder, as if frosts had touched Ins brea Our next task was to get his wifeog6 When I went again, she sent for me to And strain'd to sharps his little violin. with us. :There"were people being adita come to her room. On entering she began There is a purple dusk about the world,. lrom time to time. In April there were a questioning me about our Church. These Like asters all di fused m airs, and dee;) v I answered as well as I could. I then number and' was the number great among Within the west impearled. ' my brother's wife. After that we did not asked her if she would not like to read The evening star seems like a llow'r's white' Km:!, rest until we got our mother to go to the the Book of Mormon She expressed a deFlown there to bide above its kin and eep meetings. She soon began to think that sire to d it, so I brought it for her. I Whale winter's icy sickle works them dole. there was something in Morinonism ' more ' used to ask the Lord before I went to. give From tree to tree the katydid disputes, me w isdom to talk to her, for she was a than .she had thought. She was well acAnd the locusts rasp their wings, quainted with the Bible and knew that what bright, educated" lady, w hile I was an illiAnd t with their hesitant soft ihiies I had told her of thetGospel, and .what the terate person, and untrained. I .took her . Piping low queries, list and pipe again. Kld'vrs preached was Bible doctrine, and the book and she kept it about six weeks,, The r trembles in all creature thingsit and when she'gave it to me she said-thaAna every voice seems prophecy ot pain. was a wonderful book. IHcKH Her husband,.. J AM had much sectarian folly to overcome. She had been a strict Baptist from her Squire Pym, was greatly interested in it, so she said. ' I offered to lend them some childhood, and never did anything on SunAUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SARAH B. LAYTON-day but go to meeting and read the Bible. tracts to read, which' she accepted, ami I ' (Continued:) She-haknown me from My father was 'riot at all religious, and did took them to her. The next Sunday came and I tried hard to not care to go anywhere on Sunday, and my chrldhpod and had known mf father get my '"oldest brother to go with me to that made it hard for mother. But she and mother many years. They knew I meeting, but his wife and my moflier overtried to bring us up-ashe had been brought had never been taught these things by powered me and prevented him, so I went We labored, man, and Whenever I would take, my up, to honor the Sabbath. ' alone. hard with her, and finally the prejudice work to her she would not ..only sit and That day when I "arrived there one of the The Lord seemed to enlighten listen to me explain the Gospel in my weak gave way. Elders told me that a new meeting: house her mind, she overcame her feelings and way but would have her oldest daughter had been opened about two miles from about the middle of May she applied for come; 111 and listen. They were always where I lived. This was very good news baptism. That was a day for rejoicing, in very kitifl to me and I felt very, anxious tome. that everybody the GosI freely forgave all of her. our family. After theTorenoon meeting Lweut home, to me., for I was so thankful to my, pel, for I was as sure that it was the truth thinking to go to this new place. I asked Heavenly Father. From the day of her restored to earth as I was that the sunrose. my brother if he would go with me and he When I was in my seventeenth year I baptism she was true to her covenants. said that he would- like to go, Tor he had5 She never went into a sectarian ohurch had another sick spell, but was often adheard nothing of Mormonism but what I again. My father never troubled himself ministered to by the Elders. "There was a had told him. His wife was always unabout where we went and be would not go law in Kngland that compelled every one willing for him to go, but he went. to have a doctor in attendance wh'en sickWhen with us. we had When the weather wras warm enough the ness came, for that reason I was obliged to gone about half of the way, for the. first time have the doctor come. I have never iiad my strength failed me and I Elders were told to go and hold, services tainted dead streets. My brother and I used to be very good health. And I sometimes think away. My brother caught me and after some time I revived and we one with them, and stand by them while that it is for my good; had" I always been proceeded on our It was very dark and they preachtd. I have often been to two well I rnight have wrandered from the path way. cold and we knew of truth and right, for I had such a strong nothing about where the meetings and then walked .six miles to atFace of meeting was. My brother called at tend an open air meeting, then returned; I always had a desire to lead a house and asked if thev would tell him but I always thought it was the kingdom of out in some way that I thought would be where Mr. Coleman lived. They an'svwrarGod first I never feared what any one profitable to me. I used to work very hard iuai a Mormon and asked- if we thought about me. I tried to live above re-- - with my needle, and I was taught nevefto ' were, to which for before I was six brother answered proach. my noThen they told htm and after awhile The lady I had. done needlework for sent years old Hmd made enough of what was We UCCeeded in fitirlino1 word that ' sh desired me to do more if I called pillow lace. to buy me a new dress. Hip Krdare .. AT1. eaivana urea as 1 was wlien wre arrived were well enough, although my mother, That dress I shall 'always remember, for we were welcomed by all. They had heard had told me that Lady Jane Pym would yourig tus" I, was my mother let in e select it 110 W I had not employ me any more if she found that I for myself. It was a green and wliite, and Pposition and unkindness I had received. was a ..Mormon. But she did not trouble Li was never so proud of any other dress. , he breath of llowcrs in the roo:n - wakt-ne-- l ' e ! . . ! -. . "n-- - 4 - " 1 tak'-jfrt- m 0 ' . . . y , I ; n-.- t I . , grayish-golde- n w shrill-soundin- re-a- g ' ice-toad- s frost-fea- t ICS ANT-js- 1 . -- s . - - im-Tdudne- should-tinderstau- ss d - -- iir-th- e V will-powe- r. ' ne-wa- s - spend-my-time-idly- ; - - , ' . 