WOMAN'S KXPOXKNT. '4 God to rest. on all,, that we .might realize the responsibility1 ic'stirig upon us. """' re her testimony to the Rhoda Foster . goodness of God' to her,, said if we arejiv-inginthe line of cur duty we can jude holy lives we will be preserved when the of the Lord are poured Out upon judgments ' the wicked. The Central ward was reported as having some, meetings during the Cist and quarter' on account, of the president .several of" 'the members, attending Dr. ci,:,vc Mote in nlwtfltrirv hut aside from missed . ' betwcn right and wrong. that they were progressing nicely, although . but few in number. , The Graham society had had some little "misfortune .with their wheat, but had tried to maVe the best of it; had adopted the plan of lecturing in their testimony meetings, and find it very good. Pima, testified itahop John Taylor,-othat water was' scarcer, than it had ever leen before in this valley, that some of the grain had not been irrigated for three months before harvest, yet notwithstanding this fact we naa an average gooa crop, in many instances better than when water was plentiful; he felt to give. God the praise. Urged the sisters to be diligent in paying their tithing, and asked the. blessing of .the 'Lord upon them. The Bryce and. Pima branches were retorted by their respective presidents as being in a thriving condition. Stake Aid Mary Taylor realized that through the Relief Society a grest deal of We should prepare suffering was averted. ourselves for the events that await us. Said it is not our mission to tear each other down, but assist In building up. President William. Johnson thought the sisters have as great a labor to perform as do the brethren, therefore it is just as neces- sarv that the sisters be diligent and faithful in the performance of their duties as those Said the Relief who hold the priesthood. Society is the greater aid that a Bishop can It is no time to slacken our efforts. have. The signs of the times indicate the coming of the Savior, therefore let us listen to and obey the commandments of the Lord. Conference adjourned until. 2 p. m. Singing, Know "this, that every soul is free. "v. Prdyer by James McBride, senior! At 2 p. m. conference met according to adjournment. Singing "Our God' we raise to Thee." Prayer by Bishop John Taylor. Singing, "Now let us rejoice." President Olive Larson, of Mathewsville,-reportetheir society as flourishing. Stake Counselor Adelia Curtis advised the sisters to .. study the articles of organiz- Be generous and charitable towards ation, each other and perform our every duty The Kden society was reported as doing ..." well considering their scattered condition and few members. Statistical and financial reports were read by the secretary,Salina Phillips, who also reported her visit to the last annual conference in Salt Lake. Treasurer Maggie Allred read the treasurer's report for the six months past and bore testimony to the divinity oi the work. Bishop Guff said the Relief Society is : Asked" the spirit of doing a great work,-- j ; i -- d ; r . . ." - . PEOPLE'S j ' FAVORITE ; i. f.i'art' Suit l.tthv l';rk City The "(In rami l.iiultH"' . : ; I'aul, Si. . ',. ; IH'I1VT N. . .' Kx.ts" Sakau Wkhh, Sec. , 67, 69, 71 " ill:. a-- , H a.n: f 1 s 'hleu", l I'rtvrr ... i it Th'! 'Ta.'. Mall"' from Chlransi.. L'.uK ;ihl i'lir Otiiaha, K;ln-;- it City, iVrm-- ; r i (M V .. y TU- - 1 J "Ov'-rl;u- L!:uif.i-- !l Oma!ii. KatH I.'iui ' Tti .... l'a-'iV- I'u-iri- '' F.r j St. , I,''.ni-5- ' ,., .... r frm CUI St. .', (My atnj -" f.v.iu Cnlra'., st, Oinah i. Kan-a- s t'ity ar.f i cr. T T V TIv'K KT . . OITICK, '."1 Main St. - I. m. . ., p. ni TH. II: M. CLAY, t.u'r A;c fi'-ri'-r- V AND RESOLUTION. PREAMBLE The grand educational work which Alexis K. F.rye is doing in Cuba calls for the hearty endorsement of all patriotic Americans, and in view of the fact that Mr.Frye brings to thiscountry 1,450 Cuban teachers to receive instruction at Harvard University during the summer of 1900, and ' Save Your Money ill -- Aim wnen you ik-jo:- it t 1 Hi?! avir'j t - - - ojit-ne- The laws d of .Utah permit married women and also children wlio are minor? to open savings accounts in their own Have na:neT subject to thei" own Vw.i hiuh-:iaccount? If nut." oncri one NOW o-e.- -r. n . fore, Resolved,. That the General Society of in the xonven Revolution, Daughters - 1 1 T Since the establishment of'th- hank ha'M inore than I'.'.nuO accounts. ins " tion assembled, recognizing the great value of the work which-- ' Mr. Alexis S.'Frye has undertaken in such a patriotic spirit, desires to place on 'record its deep- appreciation of such service and the' true and noble aims'it represents; and it is further Resolved, that a copy of '.this resolution be engrossed and transmitted to Mr. Frye, after- being duly signed-bthe 'officers of the General Society; In presenting the resolution Miss- Hunt said: . ! :oi a uouar, with Zion's Savinr.s Hank Company, thv oldest and larf-.-hunk n Utah. is plairniirg to visit some of ourprincipal cities as an object lesson to demonstrate what has been accomplished in a free republic, and for the purpose of revealing to these teachers our own people in their homes and in thei- - daily life, it is there- ' -- . We pav FOUR PHI I CKXT on any amount from one llar, to thousands,- - and doaid compute interest four times a year. WHITE for air information LoitEXZO S.vow. I'rest. M de.-ire-d. (JKOIWi: M. CaNNuN, Cashier Main. Street. Nos."l-."J-- 5 - y The Most Conenient Local Train Scnice ; in the State is' given by the - - . This movement- of Mr. Frve's has a' deeper and broader .'significance than the educational so far as what Harvard can iud will do. It .means that our own peo- 1. ..t win nave a oeeper appreciation ot... .the pie of of Fathers the Republic; patriotism jthe that the sacreduess of liberty will receive renewed recognition; that the blessings 'of a free government "by ' the people" will become apparent in greater degree, and as the sacred pledge of our country is to be kept, let us endeavor, as descendants to inspire our, Cuban friends with uie same spirit which aninmtpd our ancestors OREGON SHOR T LINE -- . 1 ' RAILROAD. , FVF Fast Daily Trains Each Way between LLLL Salt Lake City and Ogden. . of-patriot- . GeNE"KAL Society See that your tickets read via the And Get the best ; WE ARE INIOUR NEW STORE and solicit your jntrftage:' We aim to give ybu .. TRY US V "SHORT LINE D. R. Main St., Salt Lake Gity. iimcn da pussiuie ior your money. I ........... for 'Arrive Stilt ImI.v : CITY A i'hhMij , , THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. - 3 I.on;-- ..i , Uuiaha, KatHii Ciiy I.o.ii-- j f."ir -- : it if St. Omaha, K.itir.K City" au i "Atlantic Th 1 . R. K. ( Th; 'T.i-- t Mtir'.f..r Cii.c.lj St. I ,t .a. M. I.Mil. Omaha, Kan- - is. I'ny, I;i; vvr an. N i. - f . THE ; i Stake President of theA'.vL. M; I. A. Laura Nuttall wished Jo be obedient to ever' 03 lu The duties of Relief Society members are manv and varied: the success of the society depeikh: on the members. President Lay ton was gratified with the, reports of :the different branches, also the remarks of the previous speakers..- '.Urged the .sisters to subscribe for tlie Kx vos knt, that they might keep pace with similar Spoke. of the annual dona- organizations. tion, requested the secretaries to record their reports and not trust alone to 'preserving the blanks. Congregation sang "Lord dismiss us' was ami benediction pronounced by William Johnsom . j tor tickets to all points, 100 Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Itah. TICKET S. W. OFFICE ECCLES, Gen'f Tfc. Mgr. D West " OURLEY, 0. P. i T. A 