AV ' one could .imagine as well, quite unlike the Ivngib-pretty custom' f serving tea ami Mw.' Simon Bamberger, I'jVV'.was graphically portrayed in a gra- Miss. Rose Goldberg (;i ciots manner. prospective i,Tidc; doke. t udcrly and be uitimlly ,to the toat "Did Old" Times". Her words were deaptlv chosen and' her, .mariner simply. Between 'the Lirk "The lightful .School and the World, '' resp: ruled to by Mrs. Hmina J. 'McVicker, was characteristic is convert;:: of this scholarly woman, with matters of h th social and ideational : nature in the c.mmu Parting Guest," by Mrs.- Minnie J. Snow, was fittingly appropriate; and both in spirit to the enjoyable, and effect a beautiful cl .and .friendly feeling that had ervaded the of- Miss intercourse of the few days vi-All good wishes attend her in American.' her 'summer vacation a:;irest in California, "the land of flowers. 'I'ric-nclliip-- - Hopvs,-'Old-Friends- O.MAN'S KXPONKN T cratuiat CarJn Mrs. wafers. ' u 1 C r the s were, .usually .0 , ' . . i i I UL V. L 1 7 iiCl Vi sowing, etc, the vecupie,-.- in using ! I) p..m.,- the Society residence of the writer to at-th- ; llie-Jadie- . ob-erv- e ' -t ' . one's-memor-y 1 "The, FUgr v (Tde 'After :: - , y s pt-a- . the exercises i e cream, cake and lemonade were partaken of, and as the guests were saying their good byes, they carried away hands: nil of roses. May .the fragrance of that, day be a fresh and sweet in their re-- , ruembraute as the roses were on that, bright, sunny. day in lautifnl June. Un Tues lav, T:::;e THE MOTHERS' CONGRESS. Mr. and Mr 2 C...:Kh:deU. Morns Vouug g.tve a d.hmer partyaiul evening entert linnte-'i- t at their.. hospitable'-hom. Fducato.rs for years have realized trie im portance of this strength of union, bat Xotwith-tamlin- g in Forc-- t .'..; le. its worth has never until the last few years a sunn.tuoiis dinue-the he it w&s seem rd to arouse the women to action. c serve1! it ;'.eK in v.ie iternotiii. 'Goethe tells us A talent may be perfected The dining r mi w,.s fragrant with the in solitude, a character only in the world." A eel flowers an; tile table decoration The JUes.ts. of i!jnt;f It is certainly characters we want and 'erv orettv. were .Mrs. Hannah Snow Lewis and Mr. character can only come to woman and and that way is through service for and Mrf. Oliver Snow, of Ohio, cousin of Presitleut Lorenzo Snow and ut the hostess, the children of God. God's greatest gift to mankind was love; Other gtie-t- s Young, his daughter. were: Mfs. Z: I). II. Young, Mrs.'M. I. man's greatest 'Trto his fellow is love; we know thoughts are things, and as we think Home, Mrs. Margaret P. Young, Woodruff, Mrs. Alice' and, .Mrs. of people we are helping them to grow into ideals, for our thoughts generally rule our Regina Pond and the writer. The conver- acts. sation- was very highly flavored with remPoor though we may be, without iniscences of early days" in. the valley, in without, ability, yet can we help which Sifter TCliza R.; Snow and the venerable President. .Lorenzo Snow had taken humanity to attain to the best, the truest, So I would say organize, if. part. Later on towards evening q'.uite a the highest. will party arrived .'and there was musk and the spirit of progression pervades you singing, and the porches and shade of the have "crowded meetings, for there are trees was filled with the younger people. A'amen and modiers who hunger for knowlPresident F. Y. Taylor and wife, of Granite edge, as they feel their inability more and Stake, B i sho pMil len C. A t woe d an d wjfe, more eacli day, to battle with the responsDrs. Leslie V.- and M.T). ibilities which surround thein. Snow;' P:ider"Le.Roi C. Snow and Miss The - evening session of the Mothers' Ford and many others of the Snow family," Ice cream, cake and lemonade were served Congress was the "fathers' evening," and was presided over by Professor Byron' to all the large number of guests." Rev. Clarence T. Brown Cummlngs. On Friday afternoon, June 15, a quite opened with prayer and Professor Cum-- , of ladies assembled byduvitation mings followed with remarks that expressed large party (if .Mrs. C. R. Howe, at her residence in this the recognition of the noble- and worthy city, in honor of the 77th birthday .anniver-saraims of the women's congress. of her mother-in-lawSister Julia C. Hon. George 'M. Cannon, in an address Howe, who is one of the best known .entitled "The Relation of the Parent to the women 111 the city, and is universally beof loved. She has' been connected .with chari- School," spoke- upon the importance our children and also that morals table and philanthropic work ever since educating should be inculcated as a part of his school our comiugmong people, and is a woman training. The world is orosressing con- of exceptional attainments in manv respects stantly and the young should be ' . intv.-n.s-..-- a- ' r - 1 "man-alik- e, yr. Mr.-j'hnm- ' . 4 " infiu--enc- . SugaTvVard; - - y ,' ' a V' nah aiidSuaii Wells, and Maria yjp cox,' whose birthday xxurs on the sanie day, though she is a few years yonder". There were many. other sisters' prer-e7"' 'all thirty or- more, and the afternoon via" very happily, spent in congratulation-general social J conversation and birthday greetings. The rooms were ver-- prettily decorated, .there were roses,. carnations a;ij in abuisiar.ee. Delicious rufrtsh-- . sweet merits 'were served in dainty fashiun, the hostess, young Mrs. Howe, knowmg tx. actly how to entertain her guests, which is a happy faculty? May Sister Howe have such mrre many delightful birthdays, tho' we are aware that every vear takes from rs one or more vho'have been accustomed to meet with us'at such reunions. : -- ' it"-- Smith, Margaret V. Taylor M.iVj 'v' Parratt, IClizabeth Webb, Kliz.heth Stevenson, Susan Smith, Lydia Ann, Ha ed "and-Mrs- ' ' nt " . . p:t-s?-r- e - 'i antjis remarkably well her years: Tire-r- were present at The Sisters .Nf. Isabella .Home; iiath-hJ- l . We had the pleasure of attending the tr 1 s ab-e- , . for her age, looking ' much younger . " Carlson gave a Kensington at her very pretty home, on Friday, June 29, or one might with all propriety call .it a ; garden party, for the heat was so. intense that most of the guests preferred to sit out on the lawn and in the shade of the beauti ful trees and the hedge, of pretty soft shrubbery. The view from Mrs. Carlson's home is particularly, fine, magnificent at sunset. It was an enjoyable afternoon notwithstanding the heat. Mrs. Carlson ht-- r li.m n' lumnv iVini It v of " entet- tninitv IV j j guests, and is a g race fu a nd ch a r m i ruf hostess. There were perhaps forty ladies in the party, many of them old friends who had not met each other for years, and renewing old acquaintances in this pleasant fashion makes one feel doubly indebted to the hostess. Surely gatherings of this sort without parade or ostentation are pleasant afterwards, a change places in from the humdrum of daily toil; and really one should occasionally take these breathing spells on life's highway, and value the opportunity 01 a lew nours uuercnange 111 There were delicious social 'converse. refreshments served in a rare hospitable Way, live o'clock tea with all the dainties A.V'-"rf- 1'H.Tsonality Vice-Recen- EDITORIAL NOTES. Mrs,-A..- - - k-adiu- . ': tions she has' been called to fill d:e h 's M" efheient- and untiring in her ehVi- - "vA has the adaptability necessary to suu'. .She' iLT air- managing young people: - elebrate two important davs, "'Old Glorv" nd the "Battle of Hunker Hill" The pari- :s w.re decorated in blue, and but! and the star? and sirijxrs were conspicuous here and there. The, portico was festooned with bunting, .while roses in great variety, sations. California poppies, pansies and larkspur gave the rooms a gala d.a'y appear, ance. t Maria V. Dougall ' presided. Meeting opened with prayer by Mrs. M. u .. u ucox. sang Miss America, .Mrs Willard Cannon "era Cannon accompanist. Roll call was responded to by patriotic 'sentiments. memSeveral letters were read from bers, au;i informally recollections of the were made original ccasion being the tkcuie.Gf the speakers, Mrs, Willard Cannon sang with spirit ami tliriiiing melody; "The Star Spangled-KanuerAnnie W. Cannon read most feelingly,' it nf-'"i!,- Sister Howe has, riot "only been with 'the- work of the Relief the V..; L.M.' I. Primary 'Association-- and in all the'r 16, at July , ' annual meeting of the Primary Association It in the Tenth ward,. Thursday.,., May 2. was twenty-onyears, since the organization ntid urw n KCitt iiiv for i l.iceuii iae euiiui en u'juse vtt; w flowers decorated ith of great prettily variety, and the president, Sister Howarth, looked as happy as the little Mies. She had prepared a short program in which the children did themselves and their teacher. great credjt, both .in sinking and reciting. Of the Salt Lake Stake Primary officers there were present" Superintendent Camilla Cobb and Assistant Mary L." ..Morris, also President Kirzabetlr Paul, of the Tenth' ward Relief BrietVemarks were. made by the Society. sisters and loYdJrothir Keddington, coiin- The little folks spent selor to the Bishop. the""afternoon at Liberty Park to celebrate tlieiranuiversary. This is oneoi the Primary Associations we had the privilege and honor of organizing, in Ma 1879. Sister Jennie McLean was its first president, and was most faithful and energetic in this and in ' all her duties. Sister Howarth seems admirably adapted to work with the little ones, and we certainly wish her earnest endeavors miy prove successful in training some of the children of Zion. r ? , . 4 !.." con-- . may" certainly and has had large opportunities, in 7 ? life, and is particularly welt acquaii. o ,? the Uihle. which of itself is a rare-;ri''u e, -- . 