K X lUVKNTr WOMAN'S Bessie, .stroked the si triid.tr hands about her neck.' and pressed them toherglowing flelv out liTtJie room on someJrivial excuse. But tire mother was o pleasantly engaged that she.' in discovering all her gilt-treasure- . s " .cheeks. children, dear, you know did not notice the exit of her daughter. "I have had-nAs she o'pcntd the pretty box, she saw1 ahat; but you will never know what that lact means to a woman's desolate heart; yet within a very simple, dainty daily calendar, the sweet love of Christ and- the 'dear reli- a sheet for each of th-- three hundred and days, fastened to a snail, wooden gion we both jvcso well lias filled the aeh: sixty-liviug void, ar.d God has answered my prayer frame, each one pasted at the top, as on a y seme measure and given ine the love and lab. On the top sheet was inscribed, ju 'tender- confidence .of my young friends. bold letters, Jan. ist. 1900, and beneath it Xow, dear, I am deeply touched' by your 'was written, in Bessie's own beautiful I can see how distress about youf mother. it has all come about; but for her sake, for your. own, and that you may not b yourself of : v. inr.ermo;: thoiv-htsuch a mother to your children, you must thec.ives which vou ui!I rear u find entrance mv hi: art break the wall of reserve-antlut they will ru:h to t'ae !qlhs by !.ty. A into your mother's heart of hearts", while d.Iy h the hope of your of var .:::. pi: re, loving of recesses to vours the in .;i.. $ou open deepest hei." T!ie mother ,drew away the box from the "You always undei stand, auntie, and know curious eyes of her little soil, who itocd by just what to say, don't you ?" o curiously, "What are The tender, aged lips trembled with her, 00 tying about, mama?" emotion, and hm lady sighed as she said: But she gave him a kiss for reply, and "If so, God teaches me, dear." , The two sat silent a longwhile, and the closed up her precious gift, as if it were too coals dropped down in the open grate, and .sacred for the eyes of any one save henself. She turned aside in a window recess and grew gray in their ashen covering. opening again her box, she lifted up the At last the hdy- said: "Bes:ie, what are you going to give second leaf, and tinder. the date she read: have" your love and vo'.s have your mother for a Christmas gitt ?" Mother dear, ,4I dtm't know, auntie; I had not thought mine! hut I ' want voi:r conrhlcaee, and I want to I dare s much about rt. ty I shall buy her trive vou mine. lh.ssiK.' something, for I am in school, you know, and can't do fancy work. Anyway, I hate On another baf she read: I would rather make a whole fancy work. How I have longed to s.'t at yoi:r feet and have dress than to work a Battenburg handkermv hair while I tell vou all , J the others sat down at her feet, and while the delicate agexLiands caressed the dark hair and the golden, Bessie said softly : "Isn't this a heavenly Christinas?; And the hostess .replied reverently: "Aye, for it is sanctified bv I r;V t , - Divine !" e 1 ' ; e Ameua. BAZAR NOTES. - : Mks. Julia Ward IIowk 'The Battle Ilvmn of the Republic" one evening at the- Suffrage Bazar,v and was aceived . with much enthusiasm. - Miss Jkanik Gordon, of New Orleans, had for sale at the National Suffrage Bazar which has just closed some of the old time s - nnd-wh- a-k- molasses, now choice and rare! as there are only asfew' places where it is still made. "open-kettle- ' ; j-i- - ' said: i All right, auntie, I think I can. get it done nicely by working in all my spare hours. Goodby, you. dear, sweet, precious shall never forget- you for this. " auntie,-And as the. girb closed, the door the lady arose and watched the graceful form flit down between the rows of lilacs .and rose trees, and out at the gate into the Snowy road beyond. "I cannot be selfish and keep her love all to myself; it belongs to her mother, for God so "ordained it. "Ah, thank Him, that love: is of Himself a part, in giving- we are not impoverished, and in taking away we are not deprived !" - - Tjie Christmas morning was early filled with merry shouts of laughter and gay exchanges of gift "and 'greeting in Bessie's , home. As Bessie's mother looked at the many and elaborate presents spread out on the table for her, she gazeJiXwdth pleased eyes at a. small box delicacy tied Asdth blue ribbon and marked, ; . you stroke but me don't I krJV.v how-t- o my secrets, begin x Won't you help .' She had read enough to know that her young daughter had given her the most precious gift ever gi ven by child to parent--t- he gift of her heart's cenfidence ! And she put the box. up to her .lips and kissed it again and" again. Oh, it "was. what she, too, had been longing for these many years. And she knew not how to gain it ! As Bessie came into the room, the mother, held out her arms and the girl ran into that loving embrace, 'while their .silent tears mingled as they kissed each other fondly. "Oj make mama tv Bessie," said the "Tome away." baby-bo- y. - . But the mother picked him up and kissed him fervently, while she whispered to Bessie,.. "You have made me so happy, Bessie. So happy!". And the little brother-aske- d v0nderin2dv dive she "Did 00 a Christmas dift, mama? was What it, mama ?" And the mother stroked the girl's sunny hair almost for the first time in her life, as she replied: "Why, baby dear, Bessie has 'given me her heart for my Christinas present." In tjie twilight of that evening twojadies came up the path bordered by lilacs and rosetrees, and as they were ushered into the dainty sitting room whefesat" the elderly lady, a soft, mellow voice, now full of happy tears, cried put, "Ohrauntied mamma and I have both come tonight to talk it all over with you, And mamma savi you dear, sweet auntie. you are not to loseme, auntie, but you are 10 rate us botn into your heart, and let us both be your dear confidents." There were no more words for ;f7l?H season as the ladv arose "and tue Jia:,ds ohered to her and ciaspca up her own treinbling lips for a kiss fromput each. Then she drew uo two fow ottomans and - . finally as, she reached for Jessie' the girV herself could not bear, it and she s-p- arcel grev-hajre- d i -; - Miss Susan B. Anthony, during the Suffrage Bazar in New York, was the truest of her cousin, Mrs. S. h. Lapham. The change ot air and scene did tier good and her health improved every day during her stay. She made several visits to the Bazar and" her entrance was always hailed with Is Miss Anthony here this applause. morning ?" one woman asked. "Oh, yes," answered another, "I know she is here, for 1 heard the people clapping a iitik whikt ago." . Mistress Margaret Brent was one of the handsomest of. the many beautiful dolls at the Suffrage Bazar, and was a source of especial pride to the Southern women present.- - She was the gift of Mrs. J. William Funk, president of the Baltimore Equal Suffrage Association, and was the chief ornament of the Maryland booth. She twas dressed as a stately colonial danie in purple satin and ermine, with a necklace of pearls, and had her dark eyes fixed on the spectator, and one hand stretched out as if in appeal. She represented" Mistress Margaret Brent of Maryland, Lord Baltimore's kiu'swoman and executrix, who was the first woman in America to ask for the ballot.She appealed to the Colonial Assembly for a vote in 1647, more than 200 .years before the first woman's rights conThe vention was held in the North. Maryland women at the, Suffrage Bazar told her story with great pride. . - ' Miss a great Eugenie Washington, grandniece of George Washington, whose death has been announced, was born m Jefferson County, now West Virginia, her .father being William Temple Washington, grandson of Colonel Samuel Washington, brother of President Washington. She was a descendentf also of Count de Flechie, a relative "of Lafayette, wdio was a captain m the Continental Army. Miss Washington was appointed to a clerkship in the Patent Office in 1876, and was subsequently transe . ' ferred to the Post Office Department- whe she held the place until her death. She Avas one of the founders of the Daughters of the American. Revolution, was for many. years registrar-genera- l of the society and was one. of its honorary - " - The mother opened all the rest first, and aid-'de- servants. 1 ' . chief." "Well, dear, there are 'so many goo; and tnat profiibki things to ,e j.:eed in time their distasteful spend einpioym ,y it. I have a little suggestion which might be made into a gift lor the dear mother, and at the .same time accomplish the dearesj,:Avish T .. of your heart.' r "What is it, auntie? I am all expectancy You always have such delightful suggestions." The two sat talking and discussing for an hour, a;:d then Bess sprang up with shining eyes and. a happy snide on her lips as she Miss Gail Lauoiilin, who is investigating the domestic service question for the U. S. government, acted as a sort of camp to Mrs.'Catt during the suffrage Bazar, and was flying about and doing as much work herself as a full score of domestic , . . - , ed - " I 