1 . WOMAN'S EXPONENT ! Woman '' ii7.7.. Ik. EIM1;.I.1E ponent r- - I ! j I't'Jn':' I Kcnjainhi has cvA- lor lulv i iic ' M, aJiiic ' hc latter part cl May oi this, year; .she or that city as on the Mis-Penlamiu tell- anarohv." -- s ; -- 'as-we. ' as nare'-Js'' ' v ll . that, classical 'V.ntteu.jn Peking 141 sm-ak- educators .... . the "in aftic-- . . obtained by yoiuig men anu.y-!::the Lau llJu special lines oi Os 1 education, c; which Uminess course, all these art, , o. eve - ? 1 ' . ' .n 1 fcTiTir... y-h- , ,Vu v -- .f,-,,,- . reieiUly heard 1mm, taught uuthouttlje nulividuai oaii :: broader .lelds and wider' Ian- -! i .. e r'.i on- realitv a Heciet society which existed i ;v .; Tenth-";' :ii .ct ,r h It lrej)ares one to I,econ,e a qo cti. ,N' r through the- whole Mai;e::ee dynasty. tbrniui bv the Mar.ch.ee j .commonwealth where every i::in a,1(i Aas uivl.ubu-dllontf It used to be-, .t n !. conqueror-;! K.M.h r ivs; f i..)u';Vn-There nvust be a p White Lotus 'Society and it has of .H)liti( the A Per u ao i;ijre''i, e. .pac onr t.irn ,? certain and habits f chaprv-- " hile a yeais been termed "The (ireat Knife or sndr as qualities emirage,., discipline aiM luitinSs Miss iienjamm slates in. vSword hocetv. Scr,;:!i Koomi jo3 KXIOMN'T v'.vj-lom; her article that" ''became of "the- boxers' jiurK'i'e; these an some of the things es I'A.ir.'s hour fro: it jo.i.'nt. 5 p. in.. err continuous minder of innocent Chinese, tial to maintain free i nsti tti i' ):is"and V,! day, rcf;t SmH.iy. Oie must have thc coun they may yet- feel tl;e vengeance of the. government. .'infiuui. a! o:;s fr of.his coilvictions; whether m ral, Chinese law before th'eV carry their (jr religious, 'in; order to Ins 'rlrU. exercise ri'ThttMHisness ireat- lengths. She l ,t.. ' . . i:. K UT1.LS 'm rl r i)l po.ssioie mtunai.iti'.n, other. " thinks that the Dowser Juni.ress could at 'SAl LKi- 'fi i'l AK. amount ol learning vinslVtth that time Iiave uippvl the whole thinin or woman from "degencratr" r ' man the bud vith a few vigorous measures. " i t ( .M4, ! irTur Silt jt thej'.t t'ed'y, lie fore this pnpr oes to press we shall faitir political or religious' fri ;a blC(,nr; mere' mockery. Responsibility is one t.f u:ulo:iliU'(I!v be iufonued of many soul iti bringing out quaiities' 'that thrilling facts 'in relation to the breaking factors ' 4 A a a U v ( 'K J r !,.. S LT L tmiMiisii cnaracier. i,w? ti .t, ,.f ,j, W e are aware that as regards r;0li:: uilhiu the city's nt Whose- immunetl educatioir tin re are various new ni!1 walls WAR, FAMINE, DESTRUCTION AND introduced in the schools ami univeritksu" DANGER. The terrible .state of anarchy which seems the present day. Of course we are not igii(;ra!it of t! The glad news that came by dbpatches to exist in the "civilied world at the pres-.en- t on the 18th of August concerning the legatiunKri indeed though at that Political Ucdnomy,- so called is t;a: h: tions at Peking in China must have seemed viies'-iionlv- directed aeainst .tho-e in hie'h in tlie schools and also sociology anc " 'j almost too goo to lie true after the prooiares, vet siicn a. s:r-r- tn. reoeinon .again si tics in the class ro'uiis, but there hum exactitude and ideals; and' yet one laa.--t ' longed strain "upon the people caused by the law and 'order, is not to be easily quelled.-oterrible 'news which came day after day of confined within given bounds. The old lose sight of the overwhelming importance the inhuman atrocities perpetrated. sayings "Uneasy lies 'the head that wears a' of character. Public opinion with- many regulates To those whose friends or relatives were crown," is assuredly applicable in this age thus hemmed hi, ns it were, from all conscience,, and tire. jiew.vpajVrs 1: of unrest and unholy ambition. Well may it must have been something we refer to the prophecies .of ancient and the day' have much to do with.edncaii:; aTdn to a message from the 'other woild," modern propnets, lor tiiere seems no safety, public sentiment, and as many oi thf:u arc avd the strain and cry out as we may and do for peace ,' sensational it is hardly safe to trust and the relief from , can never be "Peace stems to be' taken from the ear.h, per to regulate rhe puUiew upon one?s mind newsja .The whole and 'the .avenging "''sword has gone forth to form disinterested-publi- c described in- fitting words. opinion. The civilized world felt deeply this terrible outIn the footsteps of war comes famine grave responsibility then is .thrown ku slay." been, the feelings and the cry has reachtd the furthermost rage. What must-havupon institutions of learning and they r.:ut is to Tt and dear? near those and a high be such as teach .of impossible corners of the; Western world from moral influence,- independent of r.K:.t imagine. If these people some of them India o . the terrible suffering there. Aplive to tell the tale, vivid pen pictures of peals for help for the starving children are niakug power, a fixed standard andqu-h:their sufferings will be part of the historical almost continuous and would move to pity of permanence, A liberal education in" the data of the future. a liea.rLoi stone. .; x. best sense, aTpublic spirit, the development That the great gates of the Chinese emof loyalty, a breadth of character, a In all countries throughout Christendom pire were opened by the allied forces, prininterest in the profound thinzso: " cipally, .it would seem, Japanese and Russian, it would seem more strict measures are life. y u "is really true; and the wlrole enlightened as so, or man taken If and more nearly being every young precautions used to world must assuredly rejoice in such an safeguard rulers-anmen in high places. seenis nowadays- who goes into the seh.oi event. The Chinese wall has been thought Kven in the free of 'the. United or college' is to be a Dr. of Philosophy' or Republic impregnable .'for thousands of years, but at States this has been neccssan . Surely we Professor, or possible D. D.'or L. h. B., or last the inventions of men in instruments, of in this age have "fallen evil times," graduate with some high sounding title, upon and destruction have been, strong and. effective notwithstanding of the making the profession their sole aim snougli to open the gates of Peking to the nineteenth century and the efforts made to ambition,- where ar'e we to get the men who world outside. Surely the world does educate the masses and all the Various are tb'be the great leaders of men, to serve move, and progress is being made along all methods adopted, plans undertaken and the public in this great commonwealth. lines, material and scientific. money" expended to reaeh all classes of No' that the gates of China are opened citizens .and especially the younger generThe Executive" meeting of the .Intebe on will the the next move what p:art of ation. .It a i.) nears almost inrrpdih! in tl,o rnational Council ip , Pan's was held in.lM Chinese who those 'fancied they 'face of such Boxers, This council repreducational ad- American Pavilion. were holding the world at bay ? no' doubt vantages as now exist: that there should be esents eleven nationalities. Mrs. May right t h ose h e ro i c so d ie r s , with their mighty such cl the and such lack remisunderstandings;, Sewali, of president,' Generals and leaders who have done, such straint of evil ;..at large,passions. Yet one is obliged Aberdeen, extraordinary feats already, are prepared to to acknowledge these facts and partO accept "the present. Uady Aberdeen, for reasons bei do more those who live, .but how many situation as there is no other, alternative. political and partly personal resigned dead and wounded are to be accounted for, However, it is not well to look on the position as1 chairman, of the cornnii- ncannot as yet be: determined, and though dark This was g side or sutler discouragement or failure Peace and 'Arbitration. news travels quickly now across the sea and .uV pre vent one from regreted by the ladies of the Council to better conwives and families attempting land, yet the formal conferences are held every will sulTer ..unspeakable agonies of suspense ditions. Mrs. Sewali lea 4 to 6. o'clock. There are, no doubt, .before facts in relation to the dead and' mistakes thesei conference, French au greivbus in speaking m educational systemj as there are also in wounded can be made public ' in world-widEnglish alternately. made The Boxers have been government; some of 'these .are easily seen,. r.)2. In order that the ladies who attteucl coa notorious, and yet few, months' ago others, perhaps, are not so clearly underthe before ' " served is tea get acquainted of never stood. had heard, the . thousands ... people ference begins, and. small tames di. f . now are who . familiar there-name, The importance of citizen-slirtraining for around the room and the ladies areI"1 cital of their deeds of cruelty, MissHAma is one which demands, attention byduced to' each other by the hostess, ! " J ml i f ..-' :n?e'.'.-tn - r, - ' r,-- CCy, L't.i!.. I. is S '' i t t : t lexers, tlmtiMilv j j ! I -- - . i- ! v not-ver- y ! :r-- d(lr;. -- S'-,r5- ! . ! - j- I count-to-rrj-.l.i- ! viu-.- i v 1 f , J-- t f ' - -- , to-arj-- y - Mr--- , !' - - , . . . . i - I .1 Ent-re- j i K 1 : I i ! I . , : . I 5 '". ! p,.:-;,,,- , . r,A-r- f - -- - . . v t - 1 j n V.i th-publi-c . om-municatio- n, j j e j and-he'lrt- - - . e far-of- self-governme- f - per-anane- ' . . ; - d - 1 - -f- ar-reaching ! ' .'.vice-preside- nt 'L-- .sol-tiers- ' l.ue-fro- ' . &- - - e w-jt- -- h " ' p - 