WOM A NS KX POX LNT, 9 prosperous stage of activity, as compared-with nnny, indeed- m;i other countries. So far the oeonle ofthese'nited States have reason .to be thankful And to congratulated themselves, that conditions are so favorable for i'ut ure peace and prosperity; yet one Still it npver knows hat mav trannire. ; Woman's Exponent. HMMH.lSli i'.v Ii! 50 it. iv f' .VI vi rt. i; one t .fn to o, .! vir-'- ' c Ufi! .c; r- - m.iii, !, on , N' W1U.LS, HJittr and. Pulliihrr. II ! r.xf ;?;",., j;ir, - in t 1 1 l t 1!I ir l;'f .oo-- ; 0 on ciu.'o. .., pi; , Ui tr.e :esingsr wnieli are vouchsafed by an Alni.se 'Troviuence and rust our Heavenly lather Tor the future, if is .rs C! 'S t.f in. n 1 .r: right is. ! t to-enjo- we ourselves comply with i.'i'jiit'i, 5 !5 r r . ni'i::;.,-r-i'- t C.: tU.e Vf.tl', 2 r S-"- - be "thrown down,. earth never-tThere is so mi:,: ' in flnotherpeople. this' world of ours, that we have ::o to waste in repining. We inns ie and Watchful and try to help on :!. oa;s .,1 great work, as well as do qui k. own. Selfishness i.vnot the .srrir to ud r.n f.... uospei, ..out consecration 'w r." ' r 1 leiiowinen. lomi up numa::-be our aim and prayer.Harm will efFeci noble'cause nhieh any 1 - ; - I J is laws ami I! live by His precept.-;- . KxroSKNT-- t tiVv. koO'n 2o3 Tcmplvton. South The women ol our people (the Iaiter-ilaWhen one takes into consideration the Street: H ,:;f s ):'j;;rs frj:;i If .t. in. t j ' J. m iv v calamities that visit the inhabitants of the Saints) have much to do in rolling 0:1 1 . ur.Gay. Some have 'already earth from time to time, it does seem one world's great work. ,s (iinrininit at.or.s tc VI Ire ill to been set cannot be too careful in keeping "all the apart preach the G ,; .. 'n n. Mr,, j:. wells. commandment's God has given to. the chilforeign lands, and that many more will C11 v, Utah. Si.r" i ne .world mrj. dren of men, line upon line and precept mere is nine cioudi, r.nfete t at the lst Off in Sit I ale City, I fj'i, as The Savior's injunction, great jjrogress, ana women are upon precept. "be ye also ready." is one to be thought of moving forward into broader fields and bj. au tr. :tr. itCiH It is well that time is divided and coming more and more consecrated in th-- ir by all. ' en subdivided, else when oiie would stop amK lives to the higher spiritual work. Sm.i Lk. Cm, Uiaii, Jam kv r. consider anything might be a jUestion in one calls to mind the work, our iUrs are this day of hurry, worry, bustle and ex-- ; doing in the several woman's" Church POLYGAMY AND UNLAWFUL citement. the Sabbath School, the Holidays are good for the peoCOHABITAION. ple for many realms. The wishfr !'a hapministering in the Temples that have-keFrom the reading of the: various editorials py new year," that passes from one to built and dedicated to the worlc of the Lord for flie living and for the dead, besides the and articles of the public press it is evident another, althwiiuh it is done almost mechanIt sets one .home teaching, it is grand to contemplate. ically, is good custom. that there is much misconstruction and mistho-ngto thinking, the thoughts are often Certainly ihe days are filled up in useful-- ; understanding as to, the present attitude of in; e v ( : . 1 . . 1 : i-- e , n ; ness. our Church respecting the subjects of poly-- t reminiscent. The past year has been. one of great Whatever may transpire, let the women gamy and unlawful cohabitation; and beand much with of Zion at least be prepared by faith, hope fraught importance lieving- that many good and conscientious a..-to the to and our own world, country. and trust, and by living daily lives dtjii-- j people have been. misled and much adverse The Peace. at Conference, The Hague marks cated to the noblest, holiest and purest criticism occasioned thereby, I feel it but a in affairs of the world, algreat change motives and impulses, that they may draw just to both "Mormons" alid its effects direct are so not though. tangible from the fountains of inspiration, wisduia, mons" to state that, in accordance with the as to. looked for imsatisfy manifesto of the late President Wilford knowledge and understanding, and be able mediate it a aibitration: is in the yet to impart to those less highly favored, prin-- I step .Woodruff, dated September 25, 1890,1 of' of direction era better 'an acthings.' which was presented and unanimously ciples of truth that shall encourage the The terrible Transvaal between war. on the. weary, and comfort the disconsolate, a::d cepted by our General Conference Africa South and Great is Britain, certainly teach those ignorant of divine truths the 6th of 6ctoler, 1S90, the Church has! of one the in events the greatest history of way of eternal life, that the daughters of positively abandoned the practice modern times. The death rate among' the Zion may have their lamps always trimmed gamy, or the solemnization of plural marBritish officers is One 'and something appalling. and burning, not only to light their own riages, in this and every other State, would think there was need of has thereof peace leagues way, but to show others who walk in. dark-- j that no officer or member any and other kind of and ness the true every, a to organization whatever perform plural authority path, if they will but follow to in bear favor influence, of brought 'such into or enter relation, putafter righteousness. any. marriage "man's inhumanity- to man." Xor does the Church advise or encourage ting a stop-tThe past'year has been rich in blessings unlawful cohabitation on the part of any of Would that the time had come to for the women of Zion. They "have had its members. If, therefore, any member Let those who ;i!u'k..- i'he ji avivis e great opportunities vouchsafed to them of ' as or either the law, VAvt who ti'ilt, to.polygamy disobeys enlightenment in many ways, and avenues unlawful cohabitation, he must bear his have been opened that were scarcely own burden: or in other words, be answer- - as the old song says. One hardly--like- s thought possible and yet-- it has all been able to the tribunal of the land for his own . venture further than generalities in speak in the fulfillment of prophecy, which is a That the Lord will ing of these matters. action pertaining thereto. to the faithful that this is the With a sincere desire that the position of come out, of his hiding place and vex the testimony work of the Lord, and should cause1 the our Church as to polygamy and unlawful nations we read in the scriptures, and we Saints toxbecome mindful of Him and accohabitation may be better understood, and kiiow assuredly that the prophecies of both HisNhand in all things, in ad.with best wishes for the welfare and happi- - ancient and modern, prophets will come to knowledge versity as well as Jn prosperity, that He ness of ill, this statement is made, and is pass; therefore it behooves all in the openmay not forget them in the hour of trouble respectfully commended to the careful coiir ing cf a new year, as well as at all other or sorrow. Strive to live by the Golden times, to look well to our own conduct, and-no- Rule sideration of the public generally. and love our neighbor as ourselves, ; LokKnzo Snow. judge others, but leave them in the and try to lift up our fejiowmeh V One pay President of the Church of Jesus Christ of hands of the Lord, who will do unto all as seemeth good in His sight, and who knows reasily close one's exhortation with the Latter-daSaints. scriptural .quotation which covers in a, few all men's lives and conditions and the inSalt Lake City, January S, 1900. words the present and future: ward promptings of their hearts. The "past has been a wonderful year for" Wherefore be ve steadfast,- iir.n:n-able- , 111 THE NEW YEAR AND THE NEW progress many lines, and when one conabounding in the work of the Lord, for as nv;xh a ifp'hm1rrfC flio ceniurv as Va ...1.in,1 ye know that von- - labor is' not in vain in tae n ti,o CENTURY, ' iuc Lonl. van cement creator than LJl In entering upon a new year one always one of which we, who live today, have any tries to cast off the old sorrows or troubles, Kmnweuge. in art, m science, (many of EDITORIAL-NOTE- ST HU-uI-) .in liTerature.rinnvlMitions.' in dis- to the near future, 'hoping good will come,' eovenes, in mental and spiritual develop-menA Happy New Year to all the patrons t and awakening, what marvels have-be- en and friends prosperity, health and such "measure of of the 'Woman's Expoxent, . happiness as is reasonable to expect. wrought and may it'prove-- a prosperous one to them The Latter-da' America, or the United, States at leas-tSaints as a people have and the dear little the been has that paper seems in the .beginning of this year (said every reason, to rejoice in the achievements champion of the woman's cause and for the closing of the nineteenth century, of. this glorious centurv. The Lord has humanity ever m'npf it tras published. although there are differences of opinion spukeu irom tiie Heavens and throt 'liic '1,1 I "ifc ciiKf,'.' 'I to be in a rathe servants has established a work on among "the "" the the year Nineteen Hundred. sig--fican- ce o I non-"Mor- ; j th''who ; j j j of-pol- j . j ; j j j - ! " ; - thc-onl- ' j j j ' j 4 . y .. .. - . o ... . v t V 11 1 I : . - nnv,-n.;A,- -- I : . ' . ! , " ... ' ' y to-b- ! -- ' wise-men"- ) ; .1.- - ' j' "rirr : 