WOMAN'S KXPOKXT. two v - - strangers bowing to' the lady -- said, Aunt Polly was very ungracious about for ''We are looking 'e cloiu" as she .was askeil by her niece, and aVtiiht':s lodging. ..I are traveling without-pursIf a. . mic or scrip, like muttered. to Iner.en , .pieau uiuiwm, the disciples of old,, with no place to sleep i for. she 'was not religious and always for the night. We. seemed to be directed she had no patience with: men who we and hither, hope to have shelter," said !"got their living without work. who had one entered first.1the cr i!iTers were in the kitchen xti,:i. .."Certainly you shall have food and (which Aunt Polly 'liked best of all the clean) Mr. and lodging, for. a night at least. Hut be seated house, and kept spick-spaand lay off your outside wraps, the room Mrs. Kmorv talked oi me gueis w no n:iu of their hospitali-- ! will be' warm after being out in the cold. come unbidden Have you come far ?"' and wife felt there ty, and both husband and from Mendon but we have was something peculiar about them, Mrs. lunory w.as very zealous, and she soon gare up the idea of .her visit to Con necUcut, so auxhms was she to become qua in ted with the Gospel as tatiflo ii".V" IClders of the Church. Mr.. Juuory v.as a man of very strong characterand of sterlhw quality, of miud andprinciple. He s.u-h- 'J the Lord, diligently yi prayer, in regard to' what he heard from the preachers",, and especially iii reference to the foot cf Motiiion, its authenticity and' the maimer I lis one desire was of its coining forth, to see the Prophet Joseph for himself, and he today, "Only r(mld ,lut tL'11 wll' centred his mind upon this one subject. Debeen traveling some weeks," replied the even praved earnestly' for ft,' but he believed that , eldest of the strangers, though both iuen they were so impressed by their presence.litis-he must 'go to, visit him. and intended to the were in the prime of Hfe. "I shall ask them to pray," saidaffect as soon as he could leave home hv.v'r us." Mrs. Kniory looked at the stranger guests, band "we shall see how that will eiiouedi. The weather was 1'rmvin.r like one a mi zed. She thought they must During supper Aunt I'ouy was very cold and the .snow was thick enough on' the was be Methodist .Circuit Preachers, et they crabbed with them and they felt she were evidently traveling on foot.. As they nnTV they had come, she let tfiemseeit ground to be very good sleighing. was not aware of her hus-.. removed their'overcoats Mr. Kmory noticed plainly. mil's intense feelings about seeing' 'Mr. Kmory aked them to have prayers that they carried books, and observed, "I though she knew lie was see you must be preachers' May I inquire as so'u as they came into the' room again; interested in the Book of' Mormon of what denomination you are? Methodist, and thev knelt down. The prayer was like I presume ?" a benediction 'upo i them and the whole and wanted Scriptural proofsof thedoctrine! Just before Christmas, when. Mr. Knrsry "And are you Methodist ?" the younger household, and especially Mrs. Kmory, who man asked, now speaking fur the first time, was of a spiritual temperament, was melted was busy in his .store--, with holiday goods, a' tall, majestic looking stranger came jifi l ite . "No," replied the host, "we are Camp- - to tears. -- After they had retired. she said to one afternoon and stepped up to the counter, bellites only recently connected. Jut you her husband, "I never heard a piayer'like and reaching out his right hand said, "How have not told me of what persuasion you thn. never." . are. The husband wa:-- not so susceptible, tho' do you do, Brother Kmory ?" Evidently you are sincere to be his mind as to the Looking him full in the face and failing traveling through the country as you do in he was sore perplexed-ito recognize him, Mr. Kmory replied, "You this sort of weather." message th.ese preachers brought. Their With some hesitation the older man, earnestness and the way in which they were have the advantage of ire, sir. 1 do not (whom .we shall call Gray) replied, "We going about was ne.v to him, and he could Know who you are," or words to that effect. "I am Joseph the Prophet," he replied. are Klders of the true Church of Latter-danot amotion their sincerity. The following morning the UK'ers were "You have prayed me here, now what do Saints, and we preach the Kverlusting ? My "wife, and servant Gospel of life and salvation." u;t betimes, and were waiting when their you want of nie For a moment no one spoke. The words host and hostess came down stairs. The girl are outside in a sleigh, we have driven seemed to have come like a prophecy? but breakfast was ready and the family gathered. a long distance." a moment it all flashed upon the mind the woman vas the first to break the sp?ll. partly, to judge the merits of 0 In Mr. Kmory his prayers, his pleadings "You seem to come with power. What the men asked '.he imager one., (Mr. Dillon are the books you carry ? Will you tell us we'll call him) to (Iter prayer. Nythin. v.ita tiie Lord to Te permuted to see the if you preach from them ?" was said when they rose from their knees,' Prophet and talk with him face to face of to ply the heavenly visions and visits of angels; "We have the Bible arid we preach re- but Mr. Kmory began', Yankee-like- , pentance and baptism for the lemissiou of them with questions concerning the tenets yet here he stood, his prayers, were answered r sins." of their faith, and the ready '.responses' with and he felt almost condemned. He. was as one in a trance for. a brief "So does Alexander Campbell and Sidney quotations from Scripture quite astonished Him. Mrs. rmory paid tue closest auenuou moment, then he said, "Come with me to Ka'gdon, and it is our own faith," said Mrs. . to the conversation, and became fuliy conmy home," and he hastened with the glad Kmory, modestly. "We do not know of your church, I vinced of the truth of the doctrines they tidings of great joy to his wife who was moi;e overcome than even her husband with the. fear, and must inquire further of your doc set forth. lirea.kfast over MrT Kmory siid, "gentfe-nietrines," said Mr. limorv. startling news and the' unlooked for visit of "We are willing and glad to explain our I must repair to my place of business tue stranger guests. She knew not how doctrines aiid to prove them all from the ana will you.gooa pornurg, out it you to receive them royally enough,- - and Bible. But have you not heard of Joseph preach in this vicinity," as I judge you wish .modestly hesitated, but they were at the Smith and the Book of Mormon ?" to do, from what you 'have said, I shall door directly and needed a welcome, " for "What is the Booh of Mormon ? I have certainly go to hear you, and you shall not they were cold and tired with the journey in the inclement weather. heard that a man named Smith, digging for go away As much embarrassed as one would be in He then offered them some money, which' gold in a hill in New York State found some gold plates' and made them into a they gladlv accented, and thanked him a kingly presence," yet rejoicing at the book called The Golden Bible, but that is the heartily for his hosnitalitv and the generous privilege of such an honor, they welcomed extent of my knowledge aboutit. I paid them to their hearts and home; nil no attention nt in l!i Before the day was over Aunt Polly came Can our readers imagine the picture ? LIUIVJI JLilVl you are his followers, are you ?" said the into the room where her niece was and said, Perhaps many of the Saints, 'who are so achost. "Mary, tho-;- canting preachers who staid customed to entertaining the greatest men ' We beto-are proud here last night are "'Mormons.' of our Church 411 this day, may fanc they recognized as beThey've been to Isaac Hartmon, one of your good know how these lieving in the last dispensation 'of the. fulLatter-daSaints felt ness of times, and. to testify-- that angels Campbellite brethren, and about converted at that time; but early if you call to mind 'the visited Joseph' Smith and conferred upon him to 'Joe Smith,' and they are going to newness of the whole v.iHi3tirm the rerer-- . Iiim the Holy Priesthood, and" he has beence in which they held even the Klders , preach there at his house tqnight. " stowed it upon others,.' "Then. I shill go and jiear' who had taught them the first lessons in , Mrs. This is a very strange doctrine and hard Kmory answered, quickly, them," 'Aunt the Gospel, you will comprehend better the though io believe without further proof than you Polly remonstrated. " And she kept her feelings of those who were thus summarily rvlitk' T)..i- ...... fr hr nrp ir word. Both herself and her husband" were brought face to face with the Prophet, who entertainment for the night and in the at tire meeting; and listened haye attentively. had beeu the recipient of the woryderful we will morning Mrs. Kmory was baptizeel very soon speak of this new prophet spiritual manifestations of which they had This was in, November, i S30. Mr. only just been toldT will you have supper?; We. were preparing Kmory took a little more time to Xate into the night they sat round the to retire w hen you came, but you must not the matter and in" about a weekstudy over aftpr hi fare. and conversed. The ho'use " seerrred to ' go hungry,. Msry, ( turning: to Mrs. Kmorv-TooT" vrirs; baptism her the same have been transformed as if as-- i magic into a by Aunt roily to set some supper for principle, as; also did a obeyed number of Uieir heavenly abode, and as these gentlemen." though angels were ' neighbors arid friends, present rejoicing with them. . , I r ; . e 1 . 4 : 1 I de-dare- d T; i . n i ! to-parta- ! ' awe-impin- it g, f I do-s- : j I Mrs.-.Kmor- - b t, thL.-Prophe- pro-foundl- y j j ! i . ; y . . -- Mr.-Kmor- - j I -- n ' Va-- . empty-handed.- " I v- - A e 4 y . 15t.-p1- L - alter--ward- s. . ; 