WOM'AN,S KXPONKNT: 9s " A , - V ' t:i the Society Island. ; . , . ...... I'.ir-neiiau ucu xui his return-frot i another island, - 1 1 1 . 1 my head. i IJungtr, cold and jnu.. tlie Have stared me in lace. p;du ,', till he called on us. on 1,. the Chain Islands. , His wife is a complete and agony 0 mind, false friends h and secret me was have She fasfi.;. griefs opposite, coarse and uncomely. ''' on venom heart and to, my. ; thic,.kind and attentive, though unpleasant loosen the chords of life. Hut ti,, .? ' look upon. , was a Gospel came and the light ol truth f "HIS 'Island Sabbath that last oji 'pie upon, my sa ulentd heart ami can- - y'' .solemn one.' Five persons were baptized iVlJ and tire communion and sacrament of the sing for joy. Hied allijnv' sorro, . The forgotten. Lord's Supper commemorated. of instance Strong confidence in God has cn..V.- ,.,.. Tubauai friends were sad at the to triumph in a great measure ovlis Jeaiing their missionary behind. .t His" address to calamity, and thus day by day was impressive'. ( I have1 Him atketthat lived In to see a elou,-'them aroused their sympathies. work commenced on the eartli, a.it;:' :i jj ;J iug terms he committed Ins family care and protection'. . Fati, the king, ex- has introduced me into a thorn r 1, .t:, pressed his great joy that the missionary my feet have been goadeofto blood. t';. '..! walked therein 'before me, and the would remain with him. The following morning great ceremonies, Joseitfi drank deep ol the bitter were in operation. The kind people loaded life, and died by the hands of wkku! mia us with food for the ship's company on the in a state that boasts of religion n voyage home. They followed us in" crowds Oh, Illinois, of you. will it' be rcq;:hid! In the'midst of grief havejo s. A ';!! ;vd," to the leach, expecting to hear a "wailKnowledge ,V. ing" when "Paraita" and his family parted. but not in .despair. , We told them it. was not our practice to truth is now an anchor to'my soul. for in the future to equalize all I Uv joy weep aloud.' Sixteen of our "'number re These, suffered since the fulness of the mained behind on that Island. .with those who had been baptized, would Gospel has made me a 'pilgrim and' a The stranger, far away from my kinti: form quite a branch of the Church: and Governor' of- Taubuai was opposed to country. This morning I went to Mr. L:vp..;; leaving the missionary. "He. said he would who has a Tahitiau wife, and she "k be more appreciated in hs own Island. We had a fair wind home and made the nothing' about housekeeping. A lives with them who asdsts hours. the voyage in less than twenty-fou- r Found three schooners lying in the harbor. cooking department. I was very ;;::i. us Captain Johnson's was one, and we hid the to give her some instructions in the "pleasure of again seeing our dear little of cleaning house and keeping ii hi mCtr. Mary. Though we were, all happy to see I introduced the subject in a plausible marThe ..uag her, we could not help feeling sorrowful to iner, so as not to give offense. see ' her in charge of a mother incapable of girl readily acquiesced, seeming I kv.ve training her, propeily and a stepfather iv. v.uuiu ire a nice anair 10 Kno.v i:o'a- io addicted to intemperance. keep house .like ilmau tamahinc As we hovein sight of our Island we saw (foreign girls ) It was astonishing t'.:e' a crowd of people standing on the beach to amount of rubbish' we hoed, out c: ' ,e Our room. Then a fire in the door yard comp'.-.t-lwatch the approach of our vessel. revolutionized the premises. Mu r his. youngest daughter, Ann Louisa whom we had left at home with her Aunt Crosby, Frances, Aour stcond daughter. p;op ed stood with the rest to welcome us. occupying tiie room, teachiiii: tivo- little Captain Grouard immediately put in boys, and instructing the girl i;f K. Hiram The W. for Tahiti. r'uks boy, freight pertaining to everv day lite. from with us Salt who came Lake November 12th Mr. Clark, Laytou .had a City, went with the captain on this voyage, daughter bom. There was great iejwicmg to learn a little of a sailor's life. the among relatives, it being jhe fir-- t girl The natives made a great least on our. in the family. According to their c:: tom, return. Wejtried to .be cheerful to console they.wouid ha e it wrapped in a -- pure them for leaving their "teacher in Ravaivai. piece of cloth. I speedily made a suit. The schooners all sailed and" left us alone dressed.it in tnir fashion and gave the child with pur native friends, who showed us my name, Louisa. All seemed delighted, and called it a "tamaliinc papa." great kindness. The roth day of Xovember, 1S51.- This Hllen is an excellent interpreter,-anI is. my birthday. Forty have' I cf years am. also advancing fast in a knowledge lived. How few attain to that age in comthe language. I met with a fewT'grow.n. parison to .those who come short of it. What a scene to look back upon Had I scriptures. They had manyquystions in known I my youthful days what I had to in reference to some passages.' pass through, how faint and. feeble my in my own way to explain, and ' lieart would have" been when, the trials as- attempted really was surprised my self at my success. sailed me. ..They were wisely hidden from All present seemed highly gratified. My me. Often in my youth did a presentiwas oaptism lor the dead, lii.wmcu ment of a fearful future come before me and suoject they manifest a deep interest. seem to warn me to beware of taking Little do we know what ..we'- can do till steps to hasten on my destiny. But it was writ we make a Past the meriten in the book of fate, and therein 'twas dian of life Ithorough trial. learned a nek language: written that I had much to suffer for the (To be continued.) Gospel's sake. I have said with Job, "The things which I dreaded came upon' me." I have endeavored to bear them patiently, Mrs. 'Frances A. Morton has been and wherein I ha failed I look to heaven Superintendent of the Reformafor pardon. am not amenable to man appointed tory Prison for Women at. SherbornrMass. neither will I suffer man to judge me Mv Mrs." Morton has been in charge of .the insoul nas seen travail, and dark waters have stitution since the death of Mrs. Ellen C. murmured around me and floods of sorrow Johnson, and had previously served 2s have arisen mountains high and burst upon deputy superintendent. ita-- )' . . TOMAN MISSIONARY. A:"!:mih TV.,:t .15"- v I " ' ; , ; , - 1 coj!e fitted up The a room for- for our a lloor, ' reception; spread clean grass laid down "mats, on which they laid" our. '.food, and we ate heartily with thankful hearts. Mr. Pratt began reaching and bapfintizing. A council was held and it "was ally decided that he should Temain there, for a. time, and his family return to Ttibauai. went to two ; We walked over the Island, cach-other villages and found in respect - 1 i , - , 1 ' to-the- ir ' drilf i r cj-- " w 1 school-rooms- , - eve-lii;;.- . d -- ar .im-girl : wkh." : v.-:-e- :n went to see one old grave walled up with stones. The roof had fallen in and left the bones in sight. The skulls were .sound, they had died very large, the t:eth mm. ....... , ".. r..:.. I r..ii " I able house of worship, making three in The natives the distance of eight miles. hailed us a we passed and invited us in a most cordial manner to ..stop and eat with them. There was also a school house in each village. Such is their reverence for their prayer houses they would not' preof sume to have them used for The whatever device, or denomination. walls of their buildings are of the purest white, plastered on either side with 'lime burnt from coral rock. Neat one 'public building there, was a sepulcher built of hewn stone, where the'r former king was Tlieie were large squashes buried. I inquired if they were the spot. The man shook his head and good to eat; replied: "This is consecrated ground. Should any one eat what grows upon it, he .would die of the s.ime disease the old king died - , a grow-iug.iic- i - 1 - - .," my dwelling, and the natives have great superstition about going near a place of that kind, which accounts for its remaining un- covered. We also went to see a large cave in the mountains? Projecting rocks hung over the mouth, leaving, a small entrance just one person to enter. There lan;e enough-fowa.s a damp atmosphere inside, and total We found candlenuts (strong darkness.thorns on the end. of cocoanut leaves) made a light, by which we were enabled to surIt had the appearance of vey the inside. being a hundred feet long, and the interior was as high as a three story building, perpendicular on ode side, extending like the roof of a house. Some of our company, of human beings in the caves. found bones I retreated On our return to the village we stopped to see a new schooner nearly completed. It was under 'cover, built in old Kuglish style, with round ends. We climbed to examine her cabins. It appeared to be well done. For ornamental work they carve; pillars and posts in their dwellings are finished in that style, thus shoeing to the obsei ver that they have natural taste and ingenuity which ought to be cultivated. The room we occupied while on shore was at the end of a building seventy, feet in The remainder was occupied by a length. crowd of the people who bought food daily andante-wit- h their visitors from Tabauai. They set up high post bedsteads for us, of their own make, curtained round with their kind of cloth for mnsquito bar, made of the bark of the mner mnlhprrv tr( thin, fine and white. The head chief, or king, is a handsome man', quite fair with regular features. He was convened to the "Mormon faith on - . ? - fur-the- - awe-stricke- r . . - . ! . -- ' - to'-as- t i " ." f j . -e v- - - - 