WOMAN'S 'contemplate the hairpenings of the month a feeling akin to hoi rgr, and the witlA-u- p Ht 1 t FXPONKN'IV i the biid, ill this eit v nis i l)Ur IH'IIII I'il,i 1 . " . lit 1' :.. S, 1 1 111,. f . I. . ,. . . . , . . . I. . . 1 ., , . . and from the two gieat s KictiesX. W.K.S. sent . nit, though mam rY.L,M.I.A. in N : L W. of U. niiun weievtu 'irieu. at a disL mee m S., which welejuesented have every reason to believe UlJIercnt states If owevr, some hundreds. she Miss American was fully appreciated. t .'tinboth great parties argue' great political relatives Hid. friends' assembled to accompanied by her mother, Mrs., American, oiit-r contests at election time, and the enthusiasm congratulations and lsjK-who shared in Vhe.g;od wishes and hospion , good may turn ones attention from the sickening J :nhl i , occasion ; tality extended to the talented daughter. :lpicitus depression caused by du elling" upon calami-- . u.i aillleU in ;U1 cqU!Mte On Monday afternoon Irv Ida M. u lute gown of M,ft ties and causalities of recent occurrence. Mis. material; and gave. a reception in honor ot June has been beautiful in bloom this Ma belle Sni v in pink crepon, littlt Lucile iamK-rgeMissi American at her elegant home in f m.w in pale blue sill all vear, roses 'and other fragrant blossoms in ami charming city, which was a mo-- t 'enjoyable affair. dressed in good taste. great, abundance, and with the numerous The lioijse was simply a bowerW and I he parties, receptions and school entertain.decorations outside and the illumpalms, and the music ot a fine, band o'f ments arid 'weddings that havedecu given, inations were profile and in sti ing jmstrumeifts was enchanting, "A the flowers have added much in the way of that corresponded with the artistic decor- - numlier ot love v aouuc" fills, who had ' artistic.decorations. . ntiuus and festivities within the grand old jlist 'been' admitted to the Sacrament, w here so many Juilliant parties drtssed in the white in which residence, tiuv liad bave beeii given in the days'goiie by. A QUIET WEDDING IN JUNE. received their the initiation to Jewish s na It is utterly Useless in our little to gogue waited paper the Upon gllests, who On Wednesday, June 27, 1900, a very attempt. :m elaborate description of the hundreils tanning and going during quiet wedding, was solemnized in the Salt beauty and splendor of 'the 'scene without the .ifteruoon. The ivfivhments were bake Temple, Bishop John R. Winder and within. The colors of the deooratiirg dainty and refreshing, and servejl in most officiating. , The bride and bridegroom were fastidiously blended, ami the refreshMrs. ILimKigerVmother, elegant .style..1were Nfiss Mabel Tamson Mcljride, formerly uients carried out the same idea of color in Mrs. Maas, of Cincinnati, hadanived une rr t. of Fillmore, and Mr.' John Phillip Tate, euect. Kinds, or music W'eleMdaviug pecleilly jttst in timeto be ne more gUesi of Tooele.. The only friends present exthroughout the evening, and Professors: ot honor and. add to the enj uienftd" tile Lund and Anderson, also Miss Mary cept the official "witnesses, were Mrs. K. Ik Mrs. party.'Pamberger may congratulate . K. J. Stevenson. Wells Young rendered vocal selections adapted herself 011 giving so much genuine pleasure Miss McBride had been with the writer to the occasion.' Appropriate recitation to those who availed themselves of this for some months and' had rendered valuable were given by Messrs 15. S. :ind. Morris rare opportunity ot meeting Misaud M.fs. ' office work of tht Young. assistance in the' American and Mrs. Maas and taking part . .Mr. and Mrs. Snow received their friends" in the social conversation besides making herself quite familiar enjoying with its details. Previously she had taken in. the east drawing room, which was the music andr flowers :niil fin- frioiullv the trainhig for the kindergarten and had beautifully decorated and drapedrmaking atmosphere that prevade.d the beautiful it a bower of beaut v in which to receive. home of the hotcss.. successful in the work be been quite Here she the congratulations and good wishes or fore coming ' to Salt Lake. On Tuesday morning Miss American ' friends." taught f r the L. I). S: College in the their "dear spoke to the Salt Lake Jew ish Council in Social Ifiall, but the school being disconThcpreseuts were displayed on tables in'' their own meeting, called especially' for the library and. were for the most part in tinued on account of unavoidable circumof listening to one whn had the same style of elegance as the house, its had a stances, she sought other employment. large- experience iif matters of interest The-fact and became everysurroundings'.iu furnishings acquainted, young couple to them. Tuesday afternoon a luncheon while .attending school at the Brigliam thing seemed in keeping with the auspiciwas given at the I,agon in by When the ous union of two young lovers just enterYoung Academy, in Provo. the lewish'ladies to which a number of country's call was made for troops from mg upon the smootn and sinning sea ot other guests were invited, and it was .1 Utah, Mr. Tate was enrolled as a member 'matrimony without a ripple or a wavelet most enjoyable affair, notwithstanding the of Battery C. and remained w.ith it until to disturb the onward nassane of Ilvmen's heat. The banquet (for indeed it wa w as 1W the company was mustered out by orders bark. served in the most hospitable fashion and from headquarters; He is a young man of "There's a bliss bevond all "tiiat the minstrel ha of the party altogether ' excellent character and habits and good was admirable, indeed there was nothing told. tie. in one linked ex, are When business ability. Mr. and Mrs. Tate two, that heavenly lacking on the part of., Mr. and Mrs. void, never and bnw never hearts With' ehar.ging. pect to reside permanently in Tooele. Ikimberger that would add to the pleasure Love on through all ilUund love on till thevdie." conThe KxroNKNT offers its heartiest of the day. gratulations to these young people just Wednesday, June 20, a Lake party ol VISIT. AMERICAN'S MISS matrimonial the may voyage, entering upon about a hundred ladies Was given at Saltair ' the choicest of heaven's' blessings attend r Mrs Minnie Miss Sadie American, who recently paid in honor of Miss American. them on their way and their bark glide past ..a. visit to Utah, is atypical Jewess, well and J. Snow kindly tendered the car which conthe danger shoals and dark places in' safety Mrs. Snow was favorably known throughout' this country. veyed the guests thither. and be guided always' wisely in the directo attend the gatherings in honor c She is the- corresponding secretary of the not able tions to secure ' Deace and the riches of National Council Miss American, 011 account of the illness of of Jewish Women of the eternal life. U. "S., and is a woman of strong character President Snow at that time, but we were I do believe who love hath" known, and pronounced opinions. She is a con- favored to have her ioresent to oarticioate in "trienthe festivities' at the Lake. Miss American .Or sublime friendship's puYest, highest t me. figure in Washington at the spicuous I lath tasted of the , eujvof rix'st Wtss nials of the National Council and always thoroughly enjoyed the bath in the beautiAnd drank the choicest wine life .hath to give commands th? attention of theaud ier.ee - ful Salt Sea of America and we believe her Hath known the truest joy it is to live. will be one of tli'tr bright fi wherever she speaks beHnseh"eTl5rTrrrantWhat blessing rich or great compared to this? Refreshments one un spots in her visit- tcT'U tali. originality and vigorous speecn. cresses one as' feeling and believing in what were served m the most informal way, but A RARE JUNE WEDDING. endeavors to impart to others. She seasoned with happy converse. Mrs. Susa a good impression at the, Congress in Young Gates .acted as toastmistress, and is Undoubtedly the month of June is the made when she read a paper 111 tne i.arge certainly complete mistress of this difficult most delightful time of the year to have London , The first toast called fyr was role. on VacaWestminister Hall. V been there and .have pretty weddings,, Much of her work has been "Women from the West," and was reSchools, tion this ones elaborate of number large very has been very suc- sponded to by Mrs. K. Ii. Wells, in a sort June season, the most significant one, per-- ' along this line and she cessful. Miss American spoke a few words of w elcome to the distinguished guest of the, June .on-solemnized Friday, haps, being occasion. Miss American """"responded in a in the large Tabernacle in this city 011 Sun29, in the Salt Lake Temple, the cerealthough the Scandinavians delightful manner and with much feeling, mony being performed by President George day, June 17, their Jubilee and indeed it to the sentiment, "Women from the Far The bride and were holding Q. Cannon at 4 p. 121.-seemed" quite appropriate, considering she Fast," in which .she' spoke of her pleasant M-of Ford ; i Maud M ss were bridegroom a people whose origin was of acquaintance with the Utah Women whom C. represented Snow, Roi Cleveland, Ohio, and ' Mr. Le met and become attached to in the During her visit she was the she had the orient. -'' " of Salt Lake.. : National Council. . the from Jewish favors of many the recipient l)y A royal reception was given c-' '.'. v outlook is, jiuIiuK honi present conditions, indeed very threatening to peaceful safety X;U:onal 'Conventions held recently by Jtat!nsJ,ad 1 1 i KX.U , - s 1 -- 1 r 1 i 1 ' . n-- brit-h.t--4or- es s ' ! null)-bere- d I a - j ' . - . and-Mrs- . - j live-hundre- I " tile-purpos- e - her-h-o- r - ) . 1 - 1 . -- - -'- I Tow-n-Hall- ; ' . . , '- , . ' ' -r : x . 