WOMAN'S. KXFONKXT. IO ies, of the sayhigi of President the future; in all paying memberKncour aged- the sixers to take ship fee.t!ieKxioNKNTuit ;s ourj)aer. Makv Swin'du:, Sec. ' ' June SUj'j. i'uKv in Ingham their Young' that the hirers should build ,wu 'Relief ..Society halls and' granarir. of the Fourteenth Spoke' o: the building Ward Relief Society Hallln' ttK. help ot It :s. the brethren and their ovn energy. t Ii r duty of the young people to attend and Our mission take hold of lesporUiHlities? is to encourage all in good works,, attend to family prayers, be punctual in opening our meetings. President Sorenen was; pleaded with tin remarks made, urged the sifters to come on time. " Mr-- Jhou Great Jehovah." Prayer by Brother C. P. Chritensen. Singing, ye mountains high." Minutes of afternoon session or last conference read. f. Other presidents present reported their ward-- , gave .. favorable reports of their labors. 'In intellectual meetings they read from the history of Joseyh Smith, Doctrine" and Covenants and. other good their duty books. All the sisters feel and improve by instructions given. Sister Stevenson" encouraged the sisters Said teachers are to' go on in good works'. the society. We should be the backboneof ' careful in financial matters, be judicious and happy with what little is ours. .Spoke of the noble spirits being born in this generthe mind We should know ation. and will of God on marriage, and there not be so many divorces. Spoke of the work for the dead. Teach our children to pay tithing, cultivate and. improve, there is no stopping place. Stake President'Serginiller was pleased to hear reports; was considering' the great results ot the organization ot tne Relief Society in thesj days, and of the great work that will yet be done' in hy future. Asked God to coinfort all with His Holy that our (laughters may be deSpirit-ansirous of accomplishing what they- were sent here for. Sister Daniels encouraged the. .sisters to be charitable, our mission is to save souls put in practice all the good we can Minutes of meeting read, closing remarks by President Sorensen, thanks to President Seegmiller, Joseph S. Home and 'ail the brethren and sisters- who-h- ad attended the ULe lia .e had a feast of good meetings. ! to-d- o half-breedo not kr.ow. Her father is a Frenchm tn. . A sweeter tempered child I never knew, always submissive to the requirements of her teachers, and easily to leave fali her unpleasant habits. I shouiU consider it a great loss ot labor ana mental tjxertion to leave her behind when to fall we go--' from here, and allow-he- r bac toiler native Ute an J forget, all we t "f-- M itt" , f.;r.'Chl-a- St. KhU!'w Imiiit, tfai.t'it, I'.trk Cif 'H , I si !(, . r . . si. Thf " vT ari'! Uinltf 1" f r l'mil, St. Imji. (tsjiitha, K.vi.i dty ,(t ; 4!TiVr, X... I Th "A'Uutic Ktr-- " C'.k'C, v City a'i I :.. r7'. . Loti!, Osn ilri, K tnSalt I. tiki' f N i. 2 h!--.- t fr - 1 if. .irrlro N.. 'T.i! Th" 3 (ici!i'i, CUy NV. Ki 1 3 Mill" fr.ru K.iri-;- "OvKrhin.J Iul,I'inn' 'hlca, St.n Ctj, t- lH-!i- rr Urnt'i" l'aal, .St. ........... liui, 1... r;iri - nr ,... Irriv-r- ITV TICKKT 1 ; from I'M ,, City ;n from c?,j,,u..,t cf. Ojii iIih, Kdri'.ts C.ty OuiAh.i. KriH Th ' T. OITKT, 2' St. M1I.1 1 - 77 . 1, i'l.W. H. M. . O r .. r t. Kllen has wrought' a have taught her. visible change in the two .she has under her care. Oh, what.w mders might be wrought in f a dollar. And whtfi you Who tTie of children! these vvitli Ziun'r .Savings Bunk Tv'u- training ohlc.-from the ami savin-buried be t to ("Oinpany.-thbe content not would lurg. n l.'tah. hank : it effect world to of t'.e .Since the Occasionally I have a leisme day, and I in more we havethurr llvnv-in- r much not having variety opened uceouhts. read even my old letters, which my mother and sisters sent me years ago. The 'sad i:.arr:--The law.- of Utah d remembrance of days of sorrow came women and alnj ehildrt-- '.vht:v !::::'.;; rare occurence to open avin.Lr :i(coants in 'l.- ir o:; y before ine, anV I wept-.Hav naine.ubjeet to their own o with me. 'Sister C. said she did not iike to vou hue!i an account? If r.ft. ' read-olletters, it brought back memories, one ,VOW But - with myself it which gave her pain. We pav FOUR PHi; CKNT js an established habit to review the past, on an" amounf from or:.. co:and liv my life H'tr. It occms sublime i" li O I tO and sacred, though it should cause 'sighs interest four times a vear. ' V ' and tears. WHITE for anv information desired. Brother Crosby has at length succeeded Lorenzo Sntav. Pn t. in delivering a discourse in the Tahitian, much to the understding of his hearers; No?. 'J Main Street. In the evening service several native brethren came to me for comments on the vision' In my broken manner I talked of Daniel. of the "Ancient of Days," told them how The Most Convenient Local Train Senice. it was explained by KIders in the Church. in the State js gien by the satisunderstood and were words, They my Save Your Money! ' - - i ivid-woul- n a ; - oi-c- d - . - 1 V h. M vl I v (L 7 , U .. . -- . fied. " The ' 'House of Prayer," as the natives call it, is the most, comfortable olaceon the Island, "built as it is ovW water, six large windows on each side, with, slats instead of glass"avud sash, to be thrown open or closed to suit high or low breezes. things. Singing, "Ho.v firm a foundation." ConBeneference adjourned for three months. diction by President Joseph S. Home. The sisters also visited with us according to program arranged. Many valuable instructions wercgiven and many blessings : OREGON SHORT LINE RAILROAD. To be continued.! PIVF - , : j We find at the last mome'ut that a page of copy has been lost relating to Miss Ameri. can's visit, which spoke of her lecthYe in the Jewish, Synagogue, her adpearance when on the platlorm and the impression she made upon the audience; also the music, flowers and other items. The Editor. THOMAS DRY, GOODS CO., Main St., Salt Lake City. IN OUR NEW:STORE.unl solicit ySur patronage, as much as possible for your money. v f Ti my-readin- - J1 .V... i'it ' . 71 I.t'at r Suit l.itk e - 67, 69, ed PJCTO . , Wn AKn 5 iTt-- t ' R. K. Islands. - - enjoyed, and .all the sisters who had the privilege of listening have felt the great out- pouring of the Spirit of God in our meet- ings All are willing to come up more The fully to the duties required of them. sisters will observe the 17th' of March more i A per-snati- . N . d , O PEOPLE'S: FAVORITE , -- us-- ' ' children Our three eluVt daughters-hav- e under their tuition." They almost feel the It is a task responsibilities ot. mothers. Our third equal to taming wild animals. years diughter, Lois, ins a little girl eight of age. as near as we can judge,' her parents Minutes read by the .secretary. Singing, Benediction by 'Redeemer of Israel." iiishop Orson Magleby. Afternoon 'session convened at? p. m., Pre.vdent Soreuson presiding: Singing, 'Collide THE A TOMAN MISSIONARY. ' - 5mk) , ' , . - AVe aim to give you TRY US. See that Fast Daily Trains Each .Way between odii Lac uiy diiu uyucii. . . , . our tickets read via the ' "SHORT LINE" . CITV TICKET . OFFICE for Second South S. W. : " tickets to all points, Streetjalt ; ECCtiS, Oen'l Tfc Mgr. And Get the best Lake City, D 100 West t'tah-V.:- -. E. BLRLEY, G. PJT.A i 