WOMAN'S' JiXI'ONKNT. .rliAT RARE AS IS. SO A DAY IN JUNF X" M..: Uu ' tlii.L .i ' " This tiav of hn-h- . h-:i- - ' 'imtai.n. hill ;;;:! valley, M'.av. J:kvn June is h ):i m ' nature's forces rally. In vMrctus array, r.rand nrusicales are i;:v:i, , death. : 4 rcupifc-- t d .t .She ' v - "v. - v:ed - ! t - ; . 1 . 1 1 ... -- - 1 s jir.-viott- . : - j Jor-b- , ' t , :th va'amds. i Perennial bloom, fadeless flowers tron .inleus f lore's i terr.u! J une. ! . ' Time lead thee kindly ;i ,c.. event 'e Through tujli-ht- 's Ir.t ( f The - - - We Iositi'n slit ! In melody of vii.i;; That echoes are repeati:;;;. .nd joyously prolong. Hearts now are thrilled a ;:h m.;s;V, W a, e tied anew to praise. The 'magical hammer.;. f glorious J ir.K- i'..tv ves .cr.d Nov. ers. 'at from her .::a we !;,tviWith o:i : fairest, test swet lowers, - ui 'fo crown thee br'o-- one to be ic- who beh)ed to uh j - vn-:.the!fc- those u.ih1 niarrir.ge. ;uo: g . AU - w ' ! e,iad itadiam, 'Mtrra- Jar:. ;" A r raved iti pristine .beauty. Laden with swec.'pl'nu::u'' ( h (k-.- " J u-- ei.-ht- t. ij t'le't-erenuin- anniversary, That omrUs thee i time t)f het j ourneyed. from settlement T'ht-- principle sttleuient yst.'ouish visiting the several !ranch oi lii:s holy order of matrimony was taught stxMeties. ndvising, contwding and stiniulat-,- . the Prophet Joseph Shiitji hitnseli; Jug to l:erjy higher endeavor and nobler elTort'the ami he perlormetl iliiituniinl organizations, She had rare'' executive la : t A HlS.tl nison Hvdf in the cit of abditv and eas of n Picble sniritunl tiaf nn Naitv.K) Illinois, in the year 184 ; Sister with the two combined shf uns fmini-ntKthe 'pnncitde ana 'is her- uualiitd dot the important, labors of her Hyde scat an dmin to the family into which she tmsitibn. ' . .was received at the time ftf ln r .marnage Sister Hyde l . . ... enjoyed 'her labors, and mag, . io',. .oc ; .vaii.s 10 ine time i; ner Ue t he Saints m Sanpete inheU her calling eea.-- . She lived to a good old age, eight) - Stake will 'miss her presence among them font yc..;s the sth of J tine, 1000. ' She deand v i feci her loss deeply. She often, r parted in peace at (1:30 on the morning of spoke in. the gift; of tongues and always iiie Ibul vl jU!K. u kk she had SllJleled With gtKid effect; scores of young people' intensely iroin various causes top thedast have been strengthened in their faith thro . w eens tnree to that tuue ihotigh her tefivhings in the exercise of this precious ' her laith in the gift of healing aifd the adgift, which she held sacred. ministration of the laying on of hands never During her illness she was tenderly cared wavtred in the least, but sdie longed to gb y the Hyde family, she 'resided with and be attest, a.td meet vvith her husband one of flie daugliters generally when in. the j and those she. knew and loved while they city, to whom she was fondly attached, and ' tabernacled in tke flesh. , in that home her spirit took its fl'ght to the Deceased was born at Lea, Gloucester- - realms on high, .shire. ICnclmd.' June 5, iSif; and had a The funeral was held in the Second Ward a cliildhood in the bosom of very happy meeting hous, IJtshop Heber 0 Ivers")ir united and prosperous family. Her father conducting the services.- The. music was was' an honorable business man, and her excellent, hymns appropriate. The spe Vers mother educated, cultivated and refined, were Klder A. M.Musser. Atost!f Anthon Her maiden name was Price. Mis Price Lund, 'Sister Iv. 1. Wells, Dr. . U. was educated at Ilroad Oaks Academy, a Talmage and 'Klder A!ono 'Hyde, select school fur girls, not lar from her; Brother ifyde paid a leautiful .tribute to home in Gloucestershire." She was the first her life. and character in his remarks. Her of her family to receive the Gospel as taught form reposed in a lovely w hite casket, and by. the Klders'of the Latter day Saints, and her. robes were while, befitting the with a younger' sisttr, Kmma, a very purity '.of a life devoted to the work of beautiful girl, pieceded the'other members God tipon tlie arth. 'There wire many of tlie family 'to Xauvoo, arriving in 1S4 i. beMitiiul floral' offerings ami a sheaf of Twowof Sister Hyde's Her brother l:..d sent a "present to the rijK'netl grain. Prophet Joseph Smith, which gave Miss brothers attended tot funeral, one" from Price an opportunity Jo introduce herself Goshen and one from Nephi, also a nephew to the Smith family. She was. greatly im- - and family from Mexico, ami ollursof her pressed with the noble bearing and gentle" relatives. The folio nng day the remains were taken manners of this great and good man, whom she afterwards met and became weir ac . to Spring City, where she had lived and ' labored many yeirs, and after suitable ser- acquainted with: , laid to rest when Apostle vices Sister Hyde's liody The following year. Orson Hyde-wa- s returning from his mis- - Inside her husband, there to aait the morn sion to Palestine the Price family, mother. of the First Resurrection; though she is m t brothers aad sisters traveled- with him there.Tuit has gone to join that innumer- able company on the other shore, where across the sea arid to Xanvoo. .ere driven from Xatt- there is no more 'pain or .sorrow force ruiore.-When K. B. W. . voo, Sister .Mary Aku Hyde was one among " The tlie exiles with the hardships and privations were many and in OBITUARY. Council Bluffs she was permattireiy confined It beennies ur painful dute to record tin death Her babe, a little girl, October 15, 184b h ar sister and counselor to the president t of This was her only theour died on the 27th C'acho Co , Utah. Kchcf Sh K ty, of .'ei-nchild. , Christensen. u ho Sister Mary Christena at the remained in died April 30. 4oo. Sh.e was )e'nniark, Apostle Orson Hyde 4. and until 141 February 1S50, Bluffs called Kanesville emhraeed the iosjxd in Christensen Sister first paper published was the editor of the Mie lanI. and emigrate to l.'tah in 1S05. He crissed"the iilains with o.v teams and walked all in Iowa, called the Frontier iiiCardian. remained there until 1S50, w hen he crossed the wavand forded he rivers from Omaha t Salt She was married to Elder James Lake City. the plains to this valley witlrhis family. in Brigham City and later Christensen In iS.s.she .was called to settle Carson, moved to Newton, Cache Co.. where she died. She nn then in Utah butmTnvtn Nevada, 'uurrSttter-Mary'A- will meet Her juishanu and liuee. sous who She leaves four sons and three her. Hyde went i.nd "shared in his a host of friends to mourndjer loss. and labors in colonizing the 'new; country, wife and mother, and kind and a was She remained with him until he was cailed died in full faith of theloving (iosjK'l. Afterwards, in the early hardships home. KKsnl VI JONS oF Kl.SI'l f. of frontier life in Sanpete Co;, where called to presides When-iisDeath has come .into our midst and' Apostle Orson Hyde was our honored sister whom we all us from taken Ann Hde over the Stike, Sister. Mary earnest vedan supporter .and Counselor of the ' : wB his faithful amanuensis and companion soeietv he at ' in all his varied labors. Resolved, By the hwmlrsof this society, 'that when resided, where we tender to the; lercaved family o;:r sincere symthey In Spring City, Relief Society was first organized in pathy, and earnestly desire that .dod .will comfort and them in their affliction... 1S6S, Sister Hyde, was clioseu president con'v Ie :nlaced on record and opnted the position until- - lb, of t the Hxponkn r for publication. one when she was appointed president Mah H v Bi ok. which the Relief Society of Sanpete Stake, lucuiben vrnvtii:.s and oi:jra:m.:jm. Sister; beloved, i;jv uw i; A. - ' . j a pertect mormr.ir. Uvedim elori'icd. j j ' MUSINGS. - j ; in the Valley of Mini. N'eath' palm ana ciusteria;; v:;u-- , Then vra;'.e.i on the beauties ot raturv, Mv thought most, near the Uivinc; With orange proves breath ir.;; their I , - : 'rai a:a c Poses exhaling their sweets of birds in the distam c. Making earth's gladness c hrpletr., ' hc hirpin ! , ,.. r u- - ...1 ... i. j au j Mv soul enrapt with an awe. I i to' Karthiy toys To Heaven's superior lau , And. e'en while I lingered in musing. A glorious mantle was pread. O'er the World. a halo difli:s:ng. . ' lead. As promise to those longsuv-- : ' med j j i . . w-.'j- ( ! -- " . ts ! IN MEMORIAM. - . Myde-family- Sli!.! -- t - tb-Sain- , j . - ' ' I ngl-er- . . I MARY ANN PRICE IIYDK. 1 the: light is fought. 'Theiournev s t That glow thaf eornes after sunset, Pre shades of night shroud the earth'; Those pale purple mists, soft and.m'e'do Assure new day and new birth. '( ur hearts keep' time in perfection, In rhythin to nature's sweet We dwell n the great Resurrection Ask why' this struggle prolong? ' ' Pins p. . as-snow- j . She 'has reached the home of'her lovt-'And the smile on her beautiful face ;s caught. - .From the land of smiles above." - v . " - her-nativ- e 1 . ' Wfter the burden and heat of the day. Tne starry cairn of After the rough "and toilscmie way. A sleep, in the robe of whitp." ... "Th silent chamber faeeth the East, .. Faceth the dawn of day, I And the shining feet of our great Hign nes.. Shall break through the shadows grey. From time to time we are called upon to chronicle the demise of one after another of the veteran sisters and mothers- in Israel,, - whose lives have been shining examples Saints. Many ot among the tatter-day.those women who helped to build tothea foundations of the Church have gone ot this higher sphere and those who remain are fewer shirting; galaxy of the sisterhood than those who 'have departed. .. and-live- d pre-celle- d . grand-ehihlren.an- d ( , 1 ti-- p - 9,-eievt- nifiT n-4 th-ia- , 1 . 