I WOMAN'S EXPONENT 2 -- willrht-r- . died in childbed, having her husband ami one .von four, rears old, her babe being buried, with her. It really --.cemed as if our tumbles regrea'ter than we could endure, but .vith'ni'av-rfu- l hearts, cxercisimi pati. us enee and ' .eisevci.ince, helped . . . . and we we!eTeaabkd to brta up our home and makr a start for Xion: Thus in Septo father, tember, 1851, v. e mother, brothers and sisters and all we held most dear on earth, to travel to ion in obedience.-tthe commands of our Father in heaven, trusting in Him and looking ahead for a bri liter day to come. Oar 'p.issage fom Liverpool to New Orleans toolc eleven weeks,' and from there to St. I.uis two. weeks more, making our iouruey. by water thirteen weeks.- - ..When we t ot. to St. I.oni they would not allow us to laud, so we had tn be qU2iattined two weeks longer, and during that time we took I the cholera. "thirtv of our company died. had it very bad, but was 'intantl healed bv the power of Go'd; but ray two littl e girl and my sister's boy all died in one week. being left chi!d!cs our trials were almost more than we could endure, but the Lord was with r:s and strengthened us for the trying i:i!eds we had to pass through. When we arrived at St. Louis we found our to emigrate th me::: en ta had ail As we be!, to the independent poorcomnanv we had to reinaui there two. years .ind make a new outfit, v. hich we did, and were aeyuu able to start in April, 1856. During our stay in St. Louis I had a daughter bo;u who lived just ten months; so, you s aT left three of my own girls and my nephew' laid there to rc.-- to await the resurrection of the jtisE. Surely I had all I Coul er.iiuie, bait the Lord gave me sireneui eouai to m v dav, and I never once. 1 1 , UIUL . 16 ' I people were driven Irom they homes by Indians and 'lost- all. their t . s Hv this time mv nusoanu jamiues nau. were siting numerous, he having three oung After a .while President wives. which it called on these Saints to try again, tliey did,, and 'have remained there ever o! The settlement - L i i ll since. r . -- j -- band's'' team. Seven living children, ninh children and a host of friends i: McLelland's demi.se. Hyr cm, !;uVe. the order of their ages: Mrs. Starr, of Cassia Couutv, Idaho, 1'arriv in Salt Lake a few day.s before death; Mrs. Margaret Palm. McLelland, of Farmers W.n sherih. .ir.e; r McLelland, of San Matey, California, arid Mora'. . mv husband was called upon to t "thirty, to make a ioca-- . lead acompany tion in Sevier Co,, which he did iir . bade-farewe- 1 In the-Lo-rd . Utah. one year after (he arriv;i later we. moved into, our new "Home sweet hal embraced the Gospel; hts!")ainl ': ex-deput- y ; s'- Stayner, of Salt Lake. - ' called In 1868 Uihhop Win. S. Seeley Relief Society, which R. S. AND P. A. ujxm to organize the he did and nominated me as president. lie CKLUIIKATIOX. also nominated Sister Madsen first counselor, On March 17th last the Repvi v , When Sisjer Dehlim secoiul counselor. fill t important nosit'on ITelt Forest Dale Ward convened for the of celebrating the first orgaui.ni.,u ul o helpless as a child, and felt it utterly im- , uiusa piew enisr: pre. nns.ihh. for me to iu till the duties o! thai iwuciouuuv ..... r,.... .1 ,....1 I office with propriety. prayed earnestly to t,he Lord to help me and give me wisdom the 'first organization of the .Reli f s, :.. that I might be able to do my art in aman- - were read, after which the foil' p was rendered: gra-ner that would be pleasing and acceptable Sketch of the life 6f Sister P.u!isla:ha v unto Him, also to fill the office'with credit to myself and satisfaction to all concerned. 'j Smith, by Stake Counselor Mary P. You::;' f .. It will be thirty-twyears on the nth of Duet, bv Millie Kimlnll l .. f "1... C, miiorln t'fJi: May .since our Relief Society was organized, "Till? Recitation,. Chinee and I can truthfully say that our sisters Belle Hansen. e. Tfwv1..r 1V " Vfllif (V(KC .mitT. .,,l have been all that I could wish or desire..! Sisters Libbie Pratt 'and Maggie Sara:::.:. They have been always ready and on hand Koleetinn hv . flnitnr have; to, to give aid and a substance when called upon, j j , Geneva Love. Hannah (kr. Song-by io visit the sick or to minister to the wants and Rhoda Laird. . and' necessities of the poor and those' in There was a good spirit manifest and A'. distress I can also "say that no one has ever called for help and been refused. With rejoiced exceedingly in the work of tLw regard to the dead of Mt. Pleasant, we sis- - Lord. .. Agxks'R t; m r:i Sec. te: s have dressed and laid away between six and seven hundred, and you know that ORANGKVII.IJ:. means work. Put the Lord has greatly The annual meeting of the UrarigevKk ))lcssed our labors and given Us strength Relief Society was held in the Relief Socequal to tlie task before us. ' lo ked back. I am. proud to be able to say the si.sters iety, hall, March 17, 1900, at ten o'clock a. Ye arrived iu S ill Lake City September are most liberal in contributing to the want m., and was a testimony meeting, wit!: of the poor, alsa in responding to any call President Rhoda K. Robertson pre.vkii!:.;. 22, 1S56, just three weuks before the first We got us a home in made upon them, and do so .cheerfully,, Singing by the Relief Society choir, "How haialcart com: any'. I know Salt Lake City :i our arrival, and were without a murmur or complaint". firm a. foundation." Prayer bv Charles li. it is due to the prayers of tire sisters who. Oliphant. Singing, "Praise to t!:e iaaa Very eomioi table." We had a son born December 9, 1S5,, all well. are associated with me, that I have been communed with Jehovah. " We. remained in Salt Lake City .until the enabled to keep on as I have and feel as I P.resident R. K. Robertson welcoincd t!;c brethren were cdkd to Keho canyon to do. Our desire is to live humble and faith-- , visitors who were with us Reading In n; meet Johnsti n's auny, my husband being the Woman's Exponent, by Lucirah Cr ful, and strive to do 'unto others as we among- the fiit. During his absence: would wish to be done unto. Curtis. That we may be able to run the race and Hishoj). Woolley called from, the stand to Stake President Anna U. Larfoa find out who would "be ready to start south gain the prize w hich has been laid-ufor pressed 'her pleasure in meeting with tr.e 1 raised my hand, and the faithful, is my desire and prayer in the Orangeville Relief Society. Said she hsu.a next morning, " stark d at 9 a. m. with my infant son, name of Jesus, amen. to bear; she would never iiave testimony knowkd Willie, in my arms. My friends came M. Iw C. Morrison. leit her native land but around me and begged me not to go farther that this was the work of .God. than- Provo wind they would soon come. Maria Guymon bore 'her .testimony that PIONEER WOMAN. They were Sisters Kent, Richards, .Caine, this is the work of the Lord, and Racb.i Gates, Colbrook. : With seventy-fivyears of life behind her Killian felt proud to". say that "So'weavaid goodbye for a little while aucf and another well been a member of the Relief Socit.y nigh completed, and with traveled on till' we arrived at Provo, and many a bravely borne, Mrs, - Felt that mothers had oi-- ' of the greatest the brother who owned the .team said, Klizabeth hardship McLelland, a pioneer of missions to fill in rear'u'g-tn-- r 'Murphy "Now, Sister Morrison, this is Provo, how '4S and widow of Thomas McLelland, children properly. I said,' "How far will you go with us?" second Bishop ofjth Seventh Ward, of this bore her tes Sister Susanna Jewkes far do you 'go?' He said,' "One hundred city, passed' from mortality at her home in. mony to the goodness of the Lord. ; Bbnop miles farther."- "Then, " said I, "if you Farmers the Ward, Thursday, Anril 12. Jasper Robertson said the spirit ofwere will take me I will go as far as the team The deceased was born "in Manahan, was with us, and that thousands jc; will' cany me, for I feel' that is where the Ireland. , in R. V Ausust, 1824. President embrating this day. Lmd wants, me to lni.-So we drove right braced the "Mormon" faith Having she sailed from congratulated the sisters on the great epp" I did nnl tee my husband for to Kphiaim. her native land in 44; and went to Nau-vo- o tunities they enjoy. eleven weeks,, but it was a joyful greeting where she resided until the expulsion." Professor B. Cluff, Jrbore a strong when we did meet. of the Saints. Al During her residence there mony to the .xli vine mission ot We lived. in Lphraim from the spring of she became well acquainted with --the Joseph Smith. 1S5S till the spring of 1.859,--m'daughter, Prophet Joseph Smith and was a firm Sfncrintr "O sav what k tlutlu . Mina, being born on March 13. ? As soon in him and the docijines he Prnfpccnr hoAf'o-- PI fT 5nf)ke of tC I was "able we- moved to Mt: taught. .. Pleasant, r .4.. 1,lt- PXlSt Mrs.; '"McLelland was among the first orancnes oi tne : ociei Keiiet where we remainednivjng in the- Fort all "Mormons" kUlU'CN n,J who departed from Xauvoo.biir oay, ana an carrying peace the spring of iS05'. l'ebnury 15 rny remained in the various camps. iu . wif li tVtPt?i e Iowa daughter, Tina, was bbfn and oiie month fall of 1S48 when she came oh to Mncrinnr " hp cninr n uuu BV w-a- RPO;,-ANNIVKRSAR- s.r-.-t- . t,--- ' 1 1 j -- ,' j j i j o j I . . j ! j Tf-v.- i - i a , ! j j j j j u ! j 1 ! - - -- p r -- for-tir- - - s had-way- e -- on-eart- . G-- . - ' . tj -- 1 -- 1 be-diev- er ' 11 - 1 ' .1 .u- - , s un-tiHh- a,- lL -- . ' 