WOMAN'S we 'were kindly entertained for dinner at Sister Sullivans. Sods Springs was the next .place visited, where weenjo ed the delightful soda water. President Lai.i received us .and- we had a good meeting.. From there we went to the brap'ch ot the' Lund ward and organized a hranc!) of the Relief Society. We had a good attendance of both brethren and sisters, a good spirit was manifest and some good instructions given. Sister Cramer was sustained , and Sister Peck and Sister Hedda Anderson as' her counselors, and Sister Jergeson as secretary and treasurer. The. next place visited was Ten Mile, a branch of Hatch ward, where we had a Tlie many subjects good ''attendance. handled were unity, charity and the storing of grain. We by President Ksther Hanks in her usual genial style.. The nexj meeting waj held at Hatch ward, wtere there was the largest attendance, according to their number, all being present who had their u a mesen rolled except two. A good spirit prevailed and. many good instructions were given. . Thelastmeeting was held at Chesterfield. President Columbia Lovelahd, of Chesterfield, gave a good report of the society. Felt weak in iier jxxsition,- yet willing to. go ahead and do her best. The Stake presisome and eninstructions dency gave good couraged the sisters and said that they had enjoyed their visit through the Stake very much, and thought the sisters were doing a good work in this part of the Lord's vine yard. - ' v were'-entertaine- d '.... Hannah C. Hatch, Sec. SALT r.AKK STAKK. lie testimonies of the sisters lrom their rid nurses who are ready to answer any call for charity. "I am pleased to say that there have been only four cases of extreme destitution that we have had to" provide fcr. There is a they are good spirit among the nurses-anwilling to work wherever they are needed. Those who have 'done the most" charity work are those who are willing xto do more. I have enjoyed my work, though it has been quite hard at times, hut we understand the work, now, so that in future it will not be so X do not think there is any need difficult'. of any one who is suffering to lack attention. There are many who do not feel like accepting charity, and this is commendable. Such' cases should not suffer, but can pay a. small amount. There are two of the nurses who charity work, they will not accept pay, but give their time freely when required by the poor." Reports, were then given from the First The reports generWard. President S'.eel .associations different ally showed that the were iuv good condition. Seeortfr-a- u She President Hassett. saidtiey had adopted a plan of working in the eniple one dav a month for the poor. Third- Ward, President Smith; Fifth Ward, Sister Pettit; Sixth Ward, President West; Eighth Ward Sister Chamberlain; Ninth Waid,' reported by teacher; Tenth, Ward, President Paul; Eleventh Ward, reported by the counselor; Twelfth Ward by President Druce. President Home made closing remarks, approving what had been reported. Hoped the house would be filled this afternoon. Meeting adjourned'1' till two- p. in. SingBeneing; "Our God we raise to Thee." diction 'by Sister B. .. Smith. the nurses. There are twenty-fiv- e and we should treasure them up. I have been. urginghe young sisters to come to the front and relieve and assist the older sisters, take advice from them, and profit by their. experience. "President Brigham .Young said: 'God will hold you responsible for the faith of your children.' The mothers have 'too many household cares, they should be relieved in a measure, that, they may have more time ' to cultivate their children. There is an at work in the world that tends to limit the bearing of children and this influence is creeping in among us. I wish to urge upon you sisters that wherever you 'hear a whisper of this, use your influence against it. What was the greatest blessing and promise to Abraham? Offspring. There-arsome that through physical causes are deprived of this great blessing and who mourn over this condition. To such I be faithful and prayerful and the would say come time will that you shall have this' and you shall rejoice.'.' great blessing Counselor Annie T. Hyde would like to experiences, d " do-onl- -- , lllJl Ul might, meet together and receive instruction. Teachers should visit the sisters, not simply to gather donations, but to give spiritual, advice Mid aifl and to relieve the suffering. The work of the nurses is very rfnfise worthy. The two years for which this first class was engaged is nearly over and we wish to have another class started. Presidents should find out how many would like to join. If there are any among the young ladies, would be pleased to have them join. If there are any in adjoining Stakes who can come, they will be admitted. 'President Home spoke to presidents and Afternoon session." In addition to those secretaries: "lie sure to have your reports in on time." Was surprised to hear that in present in the morningthere were Apostles some ot the wardschildren were sent around Young- and Grant and "President Joseph K. to gather donations. This is not right, but Taylor and. President Hlmina S. Taylor. the sisters should go to give counsel and Meeting commenced by singing "Come, comfort to the Saints. come, ye Saints" by members of the TemApostle Briodiam 'Younro said all that he ple choir. Opening prayer by Sister Sarah had heard this afternoon was in harmony J. Cannon. Singing, "Lord we come bewith his thoughts. "The work of the Re-lifore Thee now." Minutes of afternoon session of previous conference held March 5. Society is. a labor of love without hope of reward in-- this life. . The duties are read and accepted. President Home was pleased to announce onerous, manv of them disagreeable. ,In that Apostles Young and Grant were with the pioneer clays my .mother's home was a us and. we will be "pleased to hear '"from hospital. Strangers, sometimes a half them during the afternoon. First we will dozen at a time, were cared for when they The Relief Society hear from our "mother," Sister Zina D. II. were sick uutojieath. is a power for good in Zion. fiver since l Young. Sister Young spoke in a most feeling can remember I have heard the' voices of and interesting way. Gave many "incidents these good women rais.d in defense of the of great interest connected with her eventright, for good, for purity of life in public ful life. "When I hear the sisters pray for and in private Their voices by and by me I think. 'O, am worthy ?! Ler.us try wiil be stilled. Their experience is like reto be cheerful, be upright, be honest. Let fined gold, and more precious than gold are us be an example to. out children. How their words. Those .who are not here to thankful we should- - be for good parents. listen to them will be the losers. In relation I pray that we may all be obedient' and to What the Prophet said concerning the strive to keep the Spirit of the Lord. duties of mothers, I do know that the Lord President B. W. 'Smith spoke of the sisne,ver requires anything of His son or His ters. Urged all to be faithful, honest, daughter that is impossible. truthful and virtuous, that we may merit Apostle Heber J. Grant followed. "Acthe blessings of God. cording to the number present the sisters Sister S. J. Cannon followed, expressing have done better today than we did at our her gratitude for the privilege of attending conference; There are mauy who have the these meetings. It is a greater work than letter of, the Gospel,, but not the spirit. we realize. There is truer than has been said, President Joseph H. Taylor said we should that the nothing right spirit is obtained by attendtry to create circumstances rather than to be ing our meetings. ; The adversary has no controlled by them. "We are crowded so power oer a.faithful man or woman. When much by the affairs of the world that it we follow theadvice and counsel of those would seem that we hardly have time to in authority all" will come out right. Gave serve .the Lord. I have enjoyed hearing several instances in proof of this. When Will v. nn-yin- ij vjl v.v ii iv.v.iv, - . . - V-- The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake was held in the Assembly Hall, Saturday, September 8, Meeting 1900, President Home presiding.a. at ten m. by singings "Once more opened wre come before our God." Prayer by Corresponding Secretary Maria W. Wilcox. Officers present on the stand. President M. Isabella Home: Counselors A.. T. Hyde and C. C. Cannon; General Presidents Z. D. H. Young and B. Wr Smith; Sisters M. W. Wilcox, J. C. Howe, K. J. Stevenson and Kmraa'A. Kmpey. - , vumeicuie euuiuiueu uy bulging, mj Jesus, the Giver." Minutes of morning session of previous conference, held March 5, 1900, read and accepted. President Home made opening remarks. Kegretteu mat no more were present today. The last conference had to be omitted and we had really not held a conference for six months. "Where there is a will, there is a a' party .or a way," and if the sisters-ha- d. parade to attend they could find time to go. The things of the world should not take the place of the things of the kingdom. I wish every one would read the 3rd chapter of Isaiah. The young people of this day in the kingdom do not have the trials and the hardships to endure that their parents and If we do n3t listen to grandparents had. the promptings of the Spirit we will regret, it greatly in the time to come. Ve do many ' things that it would be better to leave undone. Presidents talk of these things in your societies, urge the young women to come and assist in the Relief Society." The financial and statistical reports were read, by the secretary also "the treasurer's .report and all accepted. JuDeriutendent Emnev fave a rpnort nt . KXPONKNT. ' - ef N 1 1 . . -- e ' 