WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 48 " . a-- -- -- A KM K DA S. Y.OUNG, Sec. MA LA I) - STAKE. The Malad Stake Relief. Society hekl its quarterly conference at Fielding on Sunday, August 12, with Stake President Luanda On the stand, of the Hoskins presiding. General Board, were President Jane S. ', Richards, Stake President Lucinc Hoskins and counselors, Secretary Eliza A. Hall and a good representation of the pre idents of the different branches. Meeting opened by the choir singing "Come, thou glorious day of promise." ' Prayer was offered by President () C. Hoskins. Continued by singing "Come The minutes of; ye1 that love the Lord." the previous conference were read and ac-- Pn-sideh- - j 1 t . i i -- ; j Eliza A. j Hall, :;- Sec. THE MRS. A. L, JOHNSON i. ' PEOPLE'S I has removed her studio to the Templeton burlding, where.she will be pleased to meet her friends and pupils and all who feel an interest in a study of the SCIENCE OF ITSELF CULTURE, a knowledge of which will eradicate all disease from the human stem. ings thereby. Free conversations Bishop Henry Hess, of Fielding, esteemed Wednesday afternoon it a glorious privilege to meet in the Stake at 2:30, the same evening at 7:30. FAVORITE ; Leave S tit Lake THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, Main St. Salt Lake City. WE ARE IN'OUR NEW STORE aadsoiicit your patronage. as much as possible for your money. it u j No. 0 "Fat M ill" f r ChiW, St. Pan!, St. Louis, Omaha,' Karw is- CCy, Denver and Park City ..St. The Limit?.!" forand Ka isas St, City Pan!, Louis, Omaha, The - .. . We aim to Hve you TRY US 7 - No. 2 - for Chicit," v xpres'' 'anil Dohwrfth-m Loub, Omaha, Kans . No. 5 City No. 3 45 a.m. 6 p.iu- - Arrive Salt' Lake lity r City 1 a ra- il V , The "I'aSf 'Mail" from Chlrao, St. Ln!s and I'arS Oifcaba, Kan-- a Cfity;-Denve- No. 00 dii.'K ......'...... "Atlantic Denver... No.,4 The 71 . do.-drod- ! R. K. ugiu-- . j - Mil tiiKe my ana Lcl-c-en- "".;' President Lucinda Hoskins felt happy to Jsee so many of the sisters in conference; called for reports from the different branches. President Annie Sawyer reported Malad ' city; President Jane A. Harris, Purtage; President Eliza A. Ward, Washakie; President Hannah Samaria; Griffiths, All Counselor Sarah Rudd, Plymouth. were in excellent condition, a good spirit in each branch reported. prevailing ' President Jane S. Richards said, "We do not desire to speak only as we are dictated The' Relief; by the Spirit of Ihe Lord. Society was organized for the purpose of taking care of the sick and of those that WeHhink cannot take care of themselves. and worry too much over (air work and do not pay enough attention to pur spiritual affairs." She had never missed anything by attending her meetings. "We should divide our means "With those less fortunate It would be well for the than ourselves. holcl to meetings at the home of presidents some of the sisters that never attend meet, ings.' It has beeirdone andwith the very best results." She admonished the teachers to visit all tire sisters in each ward and try to get them to attend their meetings in Relief Society, and would gain rich bless- Ea? 0'V!' Trains fach Way FIVE t j v. RAILROAD. and-standin- g . V LIM' Save Your Money! ' cepted. OREGON SHORT SHORT LINE Singing, "Hail to the Prophet." Benediction by Counselor Mary J. Hamilton. - fnnw'nipnMnr.il Trim tlie Stale is jivcri by We lor Wm. H. Gibbs. Afternoon session opened by the choir singing "High on the mountain tops." See that your tickets read ia the Prayer was ottered by Elder E. u ucox. Continued by singing "Again we meet U around '.the board. " The sacrament was then administered by the brethren. Minutes 'And Get the best of the last afternoon conference read and approved. On motion of Christina McCrary, seconded CIIV TICKET OFFICE for tickets to ali points, 11 West by 'Lucinda Hoskins, Jannette Parkinson Second South Street, Sail J ake City, Uah. was sustained treasurer of the Malad Stake" .Relief Society. Alice A. Smith, reported the S. W. ECOES, 0 L Blk'lf Fielding Ward; President Lucy Mason, St. Gen'l He. Mgr. , 01'. i 'U John; President Julia' Richards, Riverside; all in good running order, the sisters alive to their duties. Stake Counselor Christina McCrary and Secretary Eliza A. Hall then spoke a short time. Sister West, of Ogden, felt thankful she And when "you get a uoI:m depo-i- t jt Lad a name in the Church and Tru.-- t with Zion's Saving.- - hank ohie-kingdom of God.. Spoke, of the healing t ho t and !ar(-- t, suir.V Company, ordinances and many other subjects. hank n Utah. Jane Z Riujds spoke at some preside. .Since t!ic etablir-l;!iirr,of the liank length on the benefit the young ladies we have opened more than I'.u would derive by joining th Relief Society accounts. We should be willing to make many sacriThe laws of Utah permit mavrkd fices in order to keep our children in the women and al.--o children who are minor Church. . Asked the presidents of associa. to open savings account- - in their- own tions to visit the different branches and beIlavname. ubj'ct .to their own onh-rcome acquainted with each other. vou such an account? If net. open Asked one XOW . God to bless and unite us all together, that , we may be saved in the kingdom of God. ev pay FOUR VIM (T.NT Stated that President Zina D. H. Young on any amour: t from e:;e sent her love to all the sisters in Malad lar to thousands, anil compete intere-- t four' times a year. Stake of Zion and would have loved to have WKITFI for any in formation been in our conference. President O. C. Hoskins made excellent LOtiKN'7,0 SN'oW. I're.--l. remarks, .bearing testimony to the instruc(iiAjvir; M. C'anxuN, ( ahier tions that had been given in our meetings. Nos. Main Street. l ne cnoir sang "Lord, Thou wilt hear us when we pray." Benediction was pronounced by Elder Frank Walker. Counselor Mary P. Voungr "It ha been moved and seconded that au return a vote of thanks to the good sisters who have prepared and furnished us with refreshments. . in President' Lucinda Hoskins adjourned the conference until 2 p. m. Meeting closed by singing "Should ypu feel incliued to censure." Benediction by Stake Couuse- - ligion." ' c.. ' The Most Conference. "There js a great glory in store for those sisters who will live humble and take the advice of those dear sisters that are over us" al-- ; Myron Ridiards,; Bishop of Riverside, ways enjoyed thu instruction given in the Relief Society conference by these dear sis-- j ters who &ic laboring so diligently for the upbuilding of the kingdom of our" Father in heaven. Bishop Hamilton, of Mill Creek: "I re". member a few yirs o on' my W:iy to Relief Society I" met a brother who had ju.t .'come out of the. penitentiary. I invited In his remarks he him to come, with me. said, 'My dear .sisters,. I love every one of you.' I might say the same. I see my dear mother and a reat 'many g od women here." I have made quite an' effort to get here, but I have been working in the' serHe:said we should take vice of the Lord. an interest in all the 'organizations.' My dear sisters, may Ood bless you and may we become more .acquainted with each other and with the principles of our re- The Li.niied" from CITijaso, St. Louis, Omaha. K ins is City aud Denver, The ' Pacific Express" from"Chicaarn, St. ,Loui,s,' Omaha, Kansas City and ; (i0 p. w "Ov.-rian,- ! 3 00. p. ,!' St.-Pau- l, Denver...... CITY TICKET OFFICE, 201 " 3 JO p. r Telephone Main St. H." M.. CLAY, General Agent. . -- 6 5 