WOMAN'S KXrOXKNT. ! t,c4le have put forth every effort to' make the French Kxrv-itio- exhibits . thousand . 11 more than .m witi The grounds competitors .put together. have b- en laid and the buildings erected in .accordance with the French taste which is ' . so universally admired, friendlishown particular Germany has was oiened section Russian ness, and the with .special ceremonies, the occasion being the presentation of a icrsonal'j;ift from the Czar to France. . Expositiothe visited of The (Jut-eSaxony an set n,-and .example that will pfobably followed by all the Royalty-oKirrope. One of. the most delightful places to live in is the little village of .Ktenburg, Knropc." It is ruled by no monarch, has no soldiers, It is where- four no Malice and. no taxes. countries meet, hat belongs to. none. The railway system in the I'hillipine Islands consists of a single line of" antiquated cars, running over a road of less than 125 miles. To give us an idea of the 'form of travel and transportation tinder the .long Spanish regime:. 1 his road connects Manilla with Dagupan, a town on the. east, coast The gauge of the of the Island of Luzon. road is three feet six inches, the ties of the finest .hardwood, the locomotives are insigThe speed averages less than fifnificant. When the American teen miles an hour. troops took possession of the Island, their railroading astonished the natives the speed Compartment being frequently doubled. coaches are used) each apartment seating The first class are provided eight pe ple. with cane chairs; the second class, rough" wooden benches; the third class, entirely bare and are usually crowded with natives carrying- baskets and bundles of all det scriptions, The recent visit of Oueen Victoria to the Kmerald Isles was an occasion of rejoicing ancf the heartiest welcome possible. All accounts agree that as a. mere matter of artistic display, the (Queen's reception-surpassethe Jubilee celebration of 1S97. And far more remarkable was the irrepressible delight of the Irjsh people at having the Oueen again among them, after an absence The visit was of nearly forty years. undertaken in recognition of the bravery of the Irish soldiers in South Africa, and no atterrpt was made 011 either side to give it a political coloring. On the 24th of this month was the Sist For sixty, birthday of this noble queen. five years she has dignified the Ktiglish throne with the noblest attributes' of enlightened w omanhood. As vife, mother and. monarch she has presented an example of honor, virtue, piety and patience which has served as a constant inspiration to her subjects. The world has seen few such queenly women, never a more "womanly queen. Alaska promises to be of more service in A curiother ways than" producing gold. ous and interesting part is. the effort to save our wild animals from extinction. Thirty-fiv- e bare Alaskan islands are occupied small, fox farmers who are by breeding wild foxes. the States United They pay $100 a year for .these islands- The blue "fox has been in line of extinction with the .buffalo, wild pigeon and the ruffed grouse. The fox farmers pay from $150.00 to $200.00 per pair fbr breeding; animalsj and mnst wait a dozen years for profit, then the, profits are The animals are fed on untnarket- large. .t'.velve t.-s- The number of reach thirty thousand, . r ' successful.-- n e-t- - Con-cent'- s - so-m- m - - g minors,--deserve- - t . , ss f 1 ed . n . c , . - able Tish, .blubbers "ami "corn meal". XaTTi louiHreirby jioTTce'wTio refuse to let a:; 0:1 c itl lT iillf Tb (ilnrnii!., ' island is in charge-- oj a keeper and two or The Island of eludes street cars, which are not all', to three .native assistants.' -district.the enteran bred through foxes by Kadiak has 1275 ,!as A session that we 'have been much :::ter. that believes who prising Long Islander, in this month is the Mother-to the domestication of many this will-lea- d The papers' and oral arg.; gress. other fur bearing animals. An inter. The Supreme Court decision just handed gave subjects for'consideralion. of and is conideas r us change thoughts down in the Kentucky gubernatorial go! the Alter reception of Profes or Cristest puts an end to a disgraceful controversy.. all. at the Mothers' Con-u-mon.s pajer av In Kentucky for over a century the quesI am inclined to think tion of disputed governorship has been one Iks Moines, Iowa, will not he It .that the gentleman for )he legislative assembly to decide. to 'offer valuable his information. there and Governor was who did decide ' The resolution that wa-s- passed al our the case should have rested. , , Congress to prevent young girls fiom C:.ttr-inThe present season hits witnessed 'an epi wine cooms and the sale of cigarettes to demic in strikes, unlike' anything the coun the thanks of every mother Chicago gets her try has seen for years. Utah." We have lav?s here share of strikes especially among the and father in A short time ago three thoumachinists. against these very things and every one sand machinists; were out in Chicago, and should 'pay the penalty-.fodisregarding If Columthe Council laws. and tlnse more.in Cleveland City thousand two pays r.o attention to the appeal of the mothers, then bus, Ohio '" The unrest in the trade threatened the it is time for them to take a hand hi the municipal affairs of our fair city. suspension of work among the Union machinists all over the country. In ChicagoLast, bu not least, in our current events the violence which the strikers have resorted of this month,- is Decoration Day. This to has not been beyond the power of the day is for a tribute of love and honor to In New York the the nation's dead. Xo other government officials to control. militia have been called upon to preserve-order- . has a da like this, others have achieved their independence, at the cost of blood, Another strike a few days ago, in St. but 'they" have never thought of setting rLouis anart a day for the 'decoration of, the graves A produced blood shed and death. of the dead soldiers. street car strike in Kansas City is also reIn Utah and in other states new 'graves corded.. The car strikes are disastrous to people living miles out. of town, and who have been made in the last two' years. .The brave lads who heard the call for soldiers are obliged to depend on car service, especially working people who are liable to lose sprang to arms in response. Some of these were boys who but a little. While ago were-ipositions if not in time. for work. our schools, and when they reJapanese emigration, continues toexcite turned public to us were hidden away in their final the laboring men in' this country, and no wonder. Hundreds of the Orientals are homes and were given back dust to dust. a mound which covered the cruniK coming in on every ship, some to take the Many dust of heroes was decorated yesterday phce of section hands on railroads and ling with flowers and wreaths, symbols of a sorIt .is reported others to work in factories. that the Japanese are leaving their country row with which we would not part; tributes lasts. by thousands because of the danger of a of a love that lives while memory Luella Rhodi:s. conflict between Japan and Russia. It is estimated that-tethousand Japs landed on the Pacific coast last month: They disOBITUARY. embarked in British Columbia and made their way across the border to get employ, KAII MSJ AW, ll.I ment when and where they might. It with feelings of sorrow, ttiat we record the The Bubonic plague'seems to be a serious death is. of" Sister Sarah DawY wife of Isaac Daw, matter. The Chinese are in mortal terror and daughter' of George and Mary Villianv who lv 'passed a way "at her, home in Cedar of innoculation. They gather in mobs and peaceful s the Federal authorities are obliged to take a Fort. Utah.Co., Utah, April 11, iyoo. of Bright' disease, aged sixty-siyears and twenty days, hand in the disturbances. The Chinese She embraced the' 'Gospel in England and emi- . have threatened to. assassinate, grated to L tali in the year ib?(. crossing tne puius highbinders m Captain Millen At wood's handcart company. Chinese who submit to musculation any Deceased was married, to Isaac Daw the same against the plague. There are twenty-threyear that she arrived in Utah, they lived at West thousand Chinese in the Chinesequarters Jordan for six, years, then settled at Cedar Fort, in San Francisco, and they are terrorized at Where she resided" till the" time of her' death. She the prospect of vacillation. With the was tlie mother of seven children,. two sons and Sisgrandchildren. "Haffkine Brophylactic" most of the live daughters and thirty-fiv- e ter Daw held the office of director and teacher in Chinese were at first willing to submit to the Cedar ValleV' ward Relief Society at the time 10 the innoculation, until the highbinders of her death.":.:"' We her eolaborers deem it a pleasant duty issued the ultimatum that the whites wanted to kill off the Chinese and took this method testify to her faithfulness'in the Relief Society. of doing so. The plague is a high fever, RESOLUTIONS OF indisposition one day, collapse the next and the following day death. There seems to U.Vierens, God has-- seen fit to take unto Ilinisclbe no medical treatment for it but the serum our beloved director and "teacher. Sister Sarah which is injected into the blood, and in that Daw, . 'Resolved That we mourn in her death the loss Way destroys the food of the bacilli and the of a faithful worker. '.a comforter in the honrot re fever is abated and recovery assured. Rats-a- trouble devoted wife and mother arid "a., true a ready victim to the disease and die Latter-daSaint.. Resolve'dThat we esteem her faithful labors ;. in numbers, they are the most our dangerous ''worthy the emulation. o every member-omeans of carrying the infection. In the" ; last dispatches from San Francisco the society. JVs(7u-J, That we sympathize and mourn wita ehtluren, board of health had quarantined Tcliina. tlie a;ed and bereaved "husband, and-th' and" friends. town, ana alf that section .of the city is sur. grandchildren reso-Resolved, That we. send-t-copy of- these, I s - - -- n - n V. I I ; j i ; .... i x . . . : e , -- ' - -- v - . - t. -- 