WOMAN'S KNPUNLNT L24 as far as we have seen, oJ its kind; luit.it has the bet subject to deal with and. the writer knows how to reach. the e hearjs of his readers, aud partly l'ecaii-- in this instance bis own has been thrilled with ' the stoiy he relates. ' The book is fnrsak: at George n. Cuiuo:! Main St., cc Sons Co. Publishing Ibm-e,- women, the Woman's Exponent, i i N (! ft a:.-- Like Gtv, Utah, ' . I . 1 - i. v I , ', i . fK .!' , o I'.ij fU'Uv- - ! bet, Pi ice Salt Lake City, UuPl 5'- - .f Inn; viiii jo .. t ' ! i.s; rj .:.- .; ;ii:r.i-- j'.n w. ;', .tt ,.' ' t: i , W. .o:?l ' " I.AK1 1 1 V.'l'TAII. . 1 i ( Ui 'iy a M:.iv 1. I'V 'V . y Ju-ep. ' the-powu- fit-eoe.- the Prophet through being acquainted with his lite and character, '.'as well as to reverence him because of his greatness as a servant of God, prophet, seer and revelator. The 'book should be in every home where there are' chihhin, and it should be studied There a:e still a few people eaiefully. living who knew Joseph Smith personally, and who testify of his tenderness to every living creatine and, Ids love for flowers and 'music, 'poetry "and' the drama, also of his .'fondness 'for athletic games He was un- remarkable man of mostdoubtedly thy this,, and will the time come when his century, lie will widely acknowledged. ' superiority' .President Cannon has given the story ot tiie golden plates m the'most happy style, minutely" describing their appearance, also the golden breastplate and .the Urim and Thummim, the hill in which the stone box was hidden and the various times the angel Moroni trppeaied to him and conversed with him 'about them. The terrible persecutions the endured because of the power of evil, and his great courage and fortitude : '.' are, forcibly portrayed, It is a hue book for the little men an ' d :.--. -- .. - u, liu!-- - - d -, ! children'; this is appaient in his history, and has been handed down to u as one of his characteristics by those who The children 'knew him well personally. of the Saints should learn to love Joseph fr r;' - . , ' Milleraud's .Iddress was received with .roun ds of applause which attained a veri-- ; ' M. ' have-muc- ' . . -- . ally loved ' ' 4 o! - state. - 'Cud, and His dealings with Hi's obedient chiidieu. Tiie subjects are arranged in short chapters,, which will make it the more helpful lo.oie'yuug K,.der and. more adaptable .to Sunday School woik. As a people we really need of cla.sr. is it of book's, and this gratifying to know that a man of such splendid attainments' as Piesideut George Q. Cannon has m ule a 'study of the Prophet's life4br the jjhildien of the Saints. Joseph Smith naturi es of-an- A veiy attractive littler book has recently .is.-i-i' il ftmn the uvan'te Instructor Latter-daoui e, entitled Ptepmt, a h "Smith, written, for the history if The book is a suitable size ung p..oph-tor children, the simplicity of language it to the little folks. used will Ku'-r.ai'- i!Tim lotiivst suby. cts aie so simplified as to b; tin krtoid by the children; at tin': same time they i.et. ia the.thnlliug testimony that always aecompanies flic truth. It is really a 'narrative full f wonderful manifestations . "il-cov- .. ' A BEAUTIFUL LITTLE BOOK. b.-e'- - u vvi.u.s, Aw.'.' , " oNi. Xiw Pan, tab'e' roar at its conclusion. Paris, April l.p mo A Tinwas opened at noon April President Loubet then arose and dekvuul favorable weather enditii m po. v.dhd. ami i'an adciess which was also cheered. innumerable bright colored dir.o M. Waldeck-R(jsseawas up to the with in the sunshine. Tan u..s eaily .iti.r .momerit expected to speak, but he churned the th.'ir. way hi- - mind, and when President Loubet con. people wending of the exposiKlysee and in' the direction eluded he re:nai:ied seated! The orchestra.-tion. then rendered Saint Saenhs hymn to Victor All the public buildings and uumberk.vs' Hugo, and President Loubet descended decr.ttul were houes w:tji truphis from the tribune. 'private of flags, chiefly the tricolor. The neighborAmericans will ..especially be proud of hood of the exposition was especially gay. their country's display at this world's fair, with bunting, while most of. the for the United States stands second only to themselves were surmounled with dotting France, herself in number of" exhibitors. banners. foreign country. President Loubct, a- - he stood, in the .which treble those' presidential tribunal surrounded by the ''. he highest testimonial of Amcrieauhood" cabiuet and household, opened t!:e t xposi- - comes from Commissioner General Picard himself. In comparing the state of protion with the words: "I. ike ti:e expo sition of :cjco open." gress of the installation of various nations, Thus was the Paris deigned lie said to Commissioner Peck, 4tIt is an to celebrate the world's entry i:.t ' the new object lesson to us all to see the American I thank you for your people's work. century i inaugurated, and houts .f " 7 V:v hi R pu1!1;mi" ros. Loubct" and promptitude and the advanced condition-ofrom his 40,ouo hearers, and -- ilk h its were work in the-- United States section." The crowds oulide the waved in the air. hall took up the cheering and the exposition was open. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The spectable inide the Salle de Fete was brilliant with color ami illumination. The General. Conference of the Relief The immense circus shaped 'bail is decorSociety was held in the Salt Lake Assembly ated with magnificent representing Hall, in this City, .Thursday, April 5, h'leneli allegorical subjects by 1900, President "Zina D. II. Young presidbf artists and its stained g ars Her counselors," Jane cupola 'Richards, ing. Hermann Go dwin. a:;d by superb designs Ikuhsheba Y. Smith' and Sarah Jane Can-- ' It formed a beautiful setting for todays .110:1, the secretary, K. B. Wells, and Presceremony. ident M. Isabella Horne, ol the Salt Lake Contrary to expectations, the prtirivr, M. Stake of Zion, and 'many presidents from Waldeck-Rousseamade no a.id.ics at. the other Stakes. were on the stand. opening of the exposition. Mm. Miilerand Meeting opened at 10 a. ni. by singing and Loubet being tl:e only speaker.. "Zion stands with hills surrounded." President Loubet saluted the committees, and entered the hall through the throng cf Prayer by Brother Redding Allred. Singing and her more- than 40,000 people that formed a sea. duet by Sister Christine Anderson of human faces all turned' toward the dco:. daughter, Miss Judith Anderson, "Whispering Hope," very b&iutfully rendered, xMiss As a salvo of artillery announced'. the president's arrival, there was a "moment of ex- "Lizzie Thomas accompanying them upon the organ. pectant silencer then the luavy red pkish cushions covering the door were t hi own. Secretary called the roll, response frorn aside and the president in evening dress' and thirty-eigStakes, eighteen presidents, fen wearing the broad red insignia of the Legion'' secretaries, ten by other representatives. Minutes of previous conference read and' acof" Honor across his breast stepped into the . tribune which had been temporarily erected cepted.for today's ceremony, the presidential galPresident Young gave an interesting rd- lery which; is to serve' tor all later cere- - dress of welcome and greeting to the sinters '.monies not yet being ready. At the same assembled, and asked the Lord to bless us instant an orchestra composed of musicians-o- f all and renew our spirit and strength' and., the' famed Republican .Guard struck up comfort us with His Holy Spirit. the Marsellaise. The .whole assembly ' President Jane S.. Richards would much and remained curing rather have heard from "Aunt Zina," and the remainder of the proceedings. felt some others would,; but wished to be Before' the strains of France's stirring obedient at ".all times, and as she had been national hymn had died awav "a mighty-crcalled hoped she might be able to gay a lew arose of " I 7V, Loubet Zn-- d jc;ihhm, ' words of encouragement. "The Lord said vivc la Fiance V He would have a tried people and we want y President Loubet stood in the fron"t of to be His. Sometimes we would rather the tribune with M; .Waldeck-Rousseachoose our trials, but it is not given us to' M. eschauet, president of the- chamber of ' .do. If all had come to .this meeting who deputies, and M. JJ)eIcasse, minister ought to have, there w ould not be .a vacant affairs and all of the ministers ex-seat, that is how it should be. The society cept the. Marquis de Gallifet, minister of was organized for the care of the sick and. I J t Ail :' tr - ' 1 ; - gii-teriv- A'l - : i'.xp-.MMo- i ' Grouped behind hiin were a uumbrr of The accinrf. richly iiuiformed officials." tions were- still echoing through the and. galleries when President Loubet ' ami the ministers resumed their seats and began, his speech furr.nlfy yI. Miilerand exposition,' to the clrif of handing' over the ' pahis e;:pom iion. ton Sou:) I.mple ! p. in", every ho was' absent because of iudi j j i--"" w war, tioii. - y ; nt : ; i mr-covere- j bare-heade- d d ',.,' u of-fore- " ign ; " 