WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' .. (i '. ,i mio-ilatest ,The laci remains, nowevtr. .i. tha.i last mentioned "Would wiHToXT"TUi7"JearTif contradiction, bruin,?. . , '" Co:: , i i t , or iil this a is without any inii unique nit Liiurch peer Shakespeare be an greatest-boomust he by a Mormon author ' and,' other age, therefore, EMMELISE l. WELLS, Editor .ml 'rM. ' v r tv.iv. t.- - ,., 111c wiuer ai'icL'.s ...... i exception. r:!'ri.c',. to would who those booksYf give are there opinions the pointed doubt upon No i:i Sr!fL.ike Cy. Uu!' on Tennyson's ?'; M,i:: differ with the writer, but nevertheless this the century, Trn-in .nth m? copy one.ir, i oo; c:; ",''' f r ciu!. iv rr .City 50 tts, No' rnJ.iCt.ori is) has been a century of learning: of refinement as the greatest poetical production, or.? yt u, 25 cs. ered by rn.iil, cxtr.i f.tr Oreat things have been would differ in reference to (kor-- c IClIiot 'and culture. jt..; "Midttlpmuck" substituting as hcr ' K. h rv',; Advertising- n'fs: undertaken, and many of them accomplished .wp.trr t'n 3;r;ci f r.onp.:ir A 5Pacc one t'me $2. 5 "; ;.r.. uonh and the world looks on and Wonders at the novel "Romoia"'. So far as the 'irhichv count to regular advancement in all the lines of thought and of Evolution' in Darwin's .work wewov not difTer so widely, but in regard to 01 me. cfurr Room io3 Ter.ip'fton, Sou'h 'I rn; pliascs of species, 'we are positive his theory H::sin3S Isosrs from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., errv. What mav.be expected in the twentieth lay, except Sunday. century fro'jrfthe indications of the present is incorrect. However, the world is r.ivi-'"Address nil business communis at ons tc lookout, who can or dare determine? Only onward, and tne lvord is teac'nn 1 ' ' a prophet or seer dare venture a prediction, j giving light and knowledge to ... Mrs !'. B." WF.I.L, ' The changes that have taken place in and Tennyson's words are coming to LAKH S.VI.T CltY, UTAH' atmospheric conditions prove that not only 'Xot in vain the distance bcacon.f(,rv.st U;K,e in Silt l.jke City, Ltdh, ai men's- environments are subject """to, the us range. Entered at the the discoveries Let and', great wtrld spin forever changes that occur through matter. groves or enange. inventions, biit that there are many differ-' ences from year .to ..year which man is Salt bKf Cm v, Utah I )v. kmi;u: 15, " powerless to control. HALF A CENTURY. Those who are permitted to live far into MARVELOUS ADVANCEMENT. the twentieth century are likely to see and Naturally one feels when fifty years of Assuredly the world is entering upon an learn ttill more marvelous things- thahj life have gassed, that he has reached an tan t period, and can look back' with era of great importance in its history in the have been made known in the past.' pride if something creditible has been aopening of the new century, and if figures An attempt has been made to determine ccomplished.. Elder Andrew. Jenson, are significant the clos.ng of another thousand years must cut some sort of the opinions of ten of the most eminent Assistant Church Historian, whose fiftieth scholars now' living concernincr the very birthday anniversary was celebrated on the figure. .best b(Kks of the century or those that eleventh of this month, has the satisfaction Men talk of looking backward and recounting the advance made in all directions have most influenced thought and activities. of having spent thirty-fou- r " years in. the ser-- ' The men selected are James IJrvce, vice of the Church. during this century, but wha t of the nine The party in his honor was arranged .by centuries since the year, ten hundred? Harry Van Dyke, Arthur T. Hadley, T. What condition was the world in then ? How W. Higgin-un- , Edward E. Hale, George his family and two or three hundred infar had civilization progressed ? What did A". Gordon, A. M. Fairbairn, C. Stanley vitations sent out, some long distances. Hall. I he entertainment was given m the the Eastern hemisphere know of the WestOf these nien five are heads of colleges, ern ? Only tradition iand very little of that. Fourteenth Ward Assembly rooms, which iSince that time to consider the vastness and all are men of broad views, and were handsomely decorated with evergreens, of the work of the world makes ones head superior knowledge of the world in its palms, etc Four tables the entire length swim. The discovering of a continent and widest sense. I of the hall were provided witn'the bcunt.'ts The books most mentioned are Tennyof islands almost 'innumerable, large and of the earth for the delectation of the guests.. The discoveries not only of earth son's incomparable small. Man c nam t WordsThe tables were .well filled with the worth's "Lyrical but the heavenly bodies. Baihdsr Gtethe's happy crowd assembled, glad to do justice " Wavafcy; Victor Hugo's to the variety of good things prepared for To comprehend in part this subject one must take in the universe, the sun, moon "Lis Miscrables" Harriet Beecher Stowe's the banquet. and stars and some of the laws by which "1'r.cle Tern's Cabinr Ruskin's "Modem When the goodly company were seated hirers," Hegel's Lvell's Apostle John Henry Smith pronounced the they are controlled, and the order in which "Gcolc-zy,Comte's " Positive Philosophy." they move, and their relative position to blessing". Lr : Apostle Asathon H. Lund was Tliese seem more often mentioned except master of ceremonies and welcomed each oilier and to the planet we inhabit. The knowledge of elemental forces existing one which is mentioned by nine out of the in a few well chosen words. The ' that were unknown to men have been Ten, Darwin's Origin of species" Some exercises were somewhat varied. ' Other books mentioned are Qeorgc congratulatory brought., to light by science, and its applied and letters from telegrams instrumentalities.. Many things can now Elliot's l'.Uiddenmch," Frccbel's "",- - absent friends wre read by Brother Lurd. be measured and Weighed that were once cation of Man," Napoleon, Civil Code," Apostle J. H. Smith, President Angus M. ' ' considered wholly exempt or outside of any Spencer's "Pn'tiapcs of aunon and Sister E. B. Wells were the PsycMhg'v J L i. Woma n's exponent . .-5- i ... "v c-ntur- A t 1 ; . Miiv-iv-u- . . ' . a 1 1 - - , PuL:i-!..-- l : t - t'!-- ' ' i " ' 1. i bi.-r.i- l -- 1 'Exi-on'RN- n r . j ui-nk- iii . j ' - - econd-cla- k--t . t n j iy-o- . j ; . - -- im-p- j ' . . , "Ar," y -- ' s- - control. Renan's "Life of fesusf1 De Toc(iuevile''s "Democracy of America," Carlvle's "Sari-- r Rcsartusf Groe" s "Correlation of the Pay. sical Lorccs," Hawthorne's "Scarlet Leuter . and others The Latter-daSaints one and all, per- or if ten of the most eulinent men in baps, the Church Were selected to give an of this opinion kind, would probably agree that the book which had been most bene- .facial 111 awakening thought and activities in tins cent tin Would he thf- - ' Mormon, which was not exactly written m tins een and utry 'but brought--forttranslated. Then the "Pock of Doctrine and Covciutnts" and "Pearl of Great Price: ' Of others we snould naturallv 'rhinl-- Pie Life of Jesepn,Smifk," "The Voice of Warning "Key to '1 heolop-y."S6enrfr ' Lottos and the- noems.rif VliVn- t? IkKtW I ,11. Qt,n. and John Lyon. The writer also appreciates Tuilidge's Of: tSnrkim: y.yyttn- r !'.... Tuo In fact, science Veems to have transformed 7the universe and instead of unknown space, that to us was' lost, empty or void, there is ever the rush 'and bustle of activity, or an eternal stream of life and power and action which penetiates the realms of space and the entire world. And we call all this progress and man's invention and applied science to the forces already existing, but of Which man had no practical knowledge heretofore. In many, perhaps most respects, the greatest strides in higher civilization have been made in this Nineteenth century. In the fine arts, literature, music and painting, undoubtedly, unless one goes back to ancient Greece, of which we have very little except tradition. To be sure, 'we' speak of the- beginning of the finer culture in the Elizabethan period,' but it is the boast of the age in which we live, and an accepted fact, that the greatest men atKJ most Hunkers and largest xulturc-au- d attainirent k.7 WtCU.Ui LUIS rV.. - - s - wr?:7 ' t, l1-,,nwVV- - -' . v " '! j ; ! ! , - .... Smith r ..' Jt'tam, ' "ana v. 'Women of The Articles of Faith? and .ins- - him and wishing him every blessing to which the faithful are entitled in this hie and hereafter. Afterwards Brother Jenson made an address in which he spoke of his labors "is a historian and how much he enjoyed the work, and of his love for the future e Gospeland his desires for-th- President Joseph E. Taylor fcld a stor)' which related, in fact, to his own life and that of Brother Jensen, and thexoiucidence f the vear, and though he has attained to e score ten. His rpmarW-wprextremely felicitous and carried one's thoughts into the previous existence. ' "A noetic TMi Toidnr tvn; refv amusing, Land specially complimentary ho the ladies. :and th-e- j L e j '. I - . g congraiu-luiin- -- y " , t impromptu speakers, eacn ! ' r Thw wPrP nno hvlmmc celebrities recitations hv Uttlp ATks Allen that were as very humorous and heartily applauded, also were the vocalists. " A photographer came and took pictures of the whole company, table,decorations and all. . a oi 