WOMAN'S JiXrONK.N.T. God with us, lie Tsjust as'willing to hear the prayers of the sisters as the- bret Jireib President Annie. C Parson, Finery My prayers ascend lor you. an m tne nigui Xevr allow yourselves to., speak time; Stake"; made an excellent lepoit. Slid they liad ma le- an clfoit in tlu society to .against the priesthood of ( i.nl, those who do raise silk ai;d encouraged tlu- sister to pay canno; pjoper, they will fall away or turn tithing that the. blessings promised might aside, I have seen it 'come to piss many Let us follow. times in the last sixty-fivyears. President Kate b. Paxman. Juab Stake, sanctify our bodies, make them fit temples refejied to President Mary Pitch!", rth's toxthe Holy CS host, to dwell in, that we having resigned on account of her delicate 'may enjoy the fulness of nil things the health, and yet they wanted to enjoy her Lord ha:i U bestow upon the faithtul. May counsel anil her presence' ii the meetings. - we each go home Irom here with the good Intended to perseviif in her duties in ihe spirit we have found here and prove faithful unto the end, and until we shall see the position she had been called to fill. Miss Ullie Pye rendered a solo,' "I have face of our Father in heaven. Seen. the Beautiful City."Voting, Granite Counselor. Mary. P President Sarah Cannon: "Dear Stake, spoke of the way in which the 'sisters, I am thankful to be here today. officers were' visiting in that new Stake he from place to place, said she alreadv began The prophet Joseph budded better-thaknew when lie organizrd this societv with to feel acquainted with the people. Alluded iStake-an- spok rof Hie go T desires tli.'it had been chosen. uf'tTiT-officer- s - . Since the firM organiaibe, has imtvcil away, also S l ter ikUiuna Mart !. t and Cooper's place, in Sister Crnsb p ca ; -- J th'-r- ! . ; ' " .n -- ; j ; I ; Jo-ep- a, is e strength. seis es, the liucy. T!i,r- . Ind P. ill S. March 17, was to the-sWcrs-n- i UlA'.yi;:, l!.i. da .1 -- Cattle i' - hi Tk CAST I. K ah 1 , of having' witii Bf Cluff, of the P. V Ac pleasure Preside!it Miller and Ri'diop ' ' ; the way place, would others. ' Whe:r n j ; 1 a few thought I e ' i . - t ; i - We are doing a gicat was to help put dov;i iniquity and correct liirty thqiisand lli irvf-liiMfilc of Priv'f1 l!u work, the world are also doing a genealogif ...V. l.i "UJU, cal work and do not know whv. t We are I,oru would" inspire he .younger women to of each branch the come forward and help in this woik. laboring intelligently, Relief Sxbty 'should be visited ;uid inCounselor A. L. Cox, of Sanpete Stake, We should rcacdi the far a a ay said they were striving to live their reli-structed. branches, they are the ones who need it gion. Felt it was' good to. keep the 17th most. We sjjould patnmi.e the Kxtonknt of Manrh ai.d-pathe ten cent donation, it and .havC'it. in every society, and h; every was a histniic day and should be " ob-- j "family, if possible. . veiy thankful to served. it is dtsiiabk' to review the past the dear young girls who have bet n singlabors of the society. She always urged fur and will be b'est. us, the sisters to take the Kxl'ONKNT, and after ing hope they We. need the young wo'men in our Society Avhat had. been said today she hoped there there is such a big field to work in. We would be '.'hi increased subscription. "Last should all do our h are, and not depend on year there was a disadvantage in saving -our neighbors but mi ourselves.". wlie it, but we hope to do more this year, rePresident Fmilv. CluiT, The Lord has gieatly blessed us in our the Sandwich Isl nid settlement. labors and we have'a very good president in ported Said they would like to plant ouie grain Sister Mary Ann Hyde, and she has been 'this year and nti-- e some wheat to store up,, xpprt eiated. bast ycar'tlley planted melon patch and li. b. Vi:lls Sec. . realized one hundred dollars from their melons. Sister Margaret Moody Clift, of St. ANNIVERSARY MEETING AND DEDICA- ' TION. George, spoke earr.cstiv of the society in that Stake, of t'.ie large number ofbranches The members of the Fiecdouia Relief and the wheat stored and the excellent Society met on the 7 til of March to ce.le-h- : Ue tlu fft third anniversary, of the. 'first granary owned by the sisters. lia'ugfi-ters, One o( the kite President Lavtod's the. Relief Society and to orgaui.itiou-jSehua L. Phillips, spoke feelingly of dedicate the hall which tJley liave'jut the work and of the dear faces of the sisters iinisiu-for the use of the Freedonia Relief in the conference she 'remembered when SocietW . The child. . leading sisters liom head-Services commenced at'12 n'oon', Pishoj) had never visited St: Joseph Slake, quarters l. Stewart presiding.. Meeeting opened had lived' she there thirteen years and b . the clioir singing, "Come dearest Lord would like to see some of them come there; descend and dwell."-- J cdi.ritor prayer by it would be. a great plcasuie to the sisters llishop. I ). R. "Stewart. Singing: "This who need instruction an.! counsel. Mouse we dedicate to ihee. Opening Sister Julina L. Smith spoke Upon "Hie or remarks by bishop A. A. W. brown, subganizatiou oKthe Relief Society by the ject, the' benefit the Relief Society is and Prophet Joseph, Verrcb th.it he gave the first can be List of amounts donated was towards a dollars." five money then read by Bishop I). R. "Stewart. Presicreating fund, Others present gave something, theProphet dent Thomas Chamberlain, ofulie Kanab also gave a house and lot, and had the e, then' offered the dedicatorv nraver. house repaired so 4t might be used .for tlu MUglUg, he star ot victory." Remarks She also menwere- made by -- Second Counselor Klizabeth poor who w.ere homeless. tioned the ten cent donation expected from Pugli, of the Stake presideiicy. all- the Stakes ot Zion, and added that she .Speeches were then in order bv the believed it would be a blessing, as the lead President Chainberiaiu visiting sisters. visit the different 'mad' some excellent remarks. ing sisters could Singing, 'Stakes and comfort, those who needed ad' "OT be joyful in the Lord." Benediction vice and encouragement. Spoke of how by A. W. J.udd. the Lord sustained the aged sisters who Our societv was organized February 27, liad labored sojaithfully for Zion. 1893, with fifteen members. Thev were President Zina, I), II. Young: "We ! mnia S Brown, president; Rose Cooper, need just about a' Week .to bless and help first Canftiiie counselor;. Foremaster, our sisters in these' meetings. We, are en j!iiyiinilcoiinsel()r; Uie " gaged in . great.. work of salvation. Tin tarv- am trMnV.r Ti. .siV1r uac t." ... v" , i.v,-:i .i., ' greatly blessed and our numbers increased seek to 'have- them ,nfi.."naren,stiouia used with love and thirty-four- , inemRrs fto the Holy Spirit. AVe want the of duties. blessing i : , ... ..... illt . r,;,,J( .. CU(rcn . . Sisters-irr-geiicral- ...', :., . (llUU l'l esldeul . , the verv eiicottragun Relief Societx Biivp Jells.; a few good rem .irks, .'. This being the annual d was prepared and ivudere-'- on.;':;- ,l.V--"- to i After the program served. ;, ,r reire-:;-- :. f Kveiw t! - v,t-- i.:. !l raged and went houe w '. :u,. Castle Dale Reli f Social r condition and llie' sisU-ipauionship of the Wm. Yctirs truly, K.K 'LINK A. I. A! cn Ml - . s . . :;;-.- c-:- 1 - , . , si-.N- j I':.- -. K.a'1'uinka Anukkso:., d: RK !.I RKOKCiANIZATKiN i's V. cIIA i. - Hearing Yrom .1 1 f ' . . . 1 1'rcsident F. 'irgv::ia that she was going to give inner resignation at the. meeting to be hekl.on "Maj-- r traia Thursday, May 3, I took the moming for that place,, having a .strong di sire Uj The cause ol lir present. at the meeting. resignatioh was Unit her .husband Aiizor.a.. ily were about to move to Thatcher, Maiiy and sincere were the good. w;::ts blest :'rA expressed, that they might be a prospered in ' building up, for themlvts ne.v 'horned My heart wa-- tendered thought of. her going from our Stake, I had truly learned to love lur sweet a:;u c mgenial spirit, and bad ever" lomid. liyr faithful and energetic in- the dbciiargc 0! every k'nown duty, leaving the ait.urs in good condition. at The bishopric of the ward weie pa-cthe .meeting, each one of them speaks c r iiv ahe "highest terms of praise and of the retiring president am - J -- si-- at te--: 1 1 - ty -- , family. Sister 'Maiors said she wo ul rue like 1; 1 - - th-J- So Bishop Lay ton put fore the meeting the name of S:ster Corbridge as president of the society, officer elected. was unanimously sustained She selected as .her counselors Sister Egbert and Sister- - Rose wdio were als unanimously Vv'. JL LV ' UiiU;" a . . . , : Ianc-C-rfsin-serrt- 'T ! " :-- , 1 ! - , ,-- ' -- set apart uih pthe hands of the Bishop and Ins cou- . officers, thev were icfir nir.'-t;oisiei able-secretar- y, o.-e- Hr Porhrulre so that auac rvtnn Ward 7inti iV Still "in ' T)on'c .ifoV rf-ot working 'order. IS I-- fecl r w....f 1 .' blest-an- d ' - And may the 111 1 ; l'' u of union, love add prosperity atteiic. . - that - 