'56 . I little by little until I was fully convinced My that it was iiuo.; .This was in iS jf. sister was in Nauvuo at this' tinie and when I wrote to her I asked her if the men there had more than one wife. She said they dul some of them, hut it was not publicly known to the world. My companion, Sarah Martin, and I used to talk about it when we were together, and read about it in the it. Bible until we were fullv satisfied-abouWe never spoke of it to any of our friends, and we made a vow that if ever we did marry we would marry the same man. Time rolled on, but we never swerved from We said that we would not our promise. marry until we came to where the Saints The youug man with whom I had were. kept company left his home and went to London, but I had long since decided that we two should never wed. At this time that principle was not known among the people there, but we knew of it, and had set our minds on what should be' our lot. We had several chances to marry,, but the conditions were not what we wanted, so we mother moved- back to the old home in - which I had lived all of my days .solar. Brother. Lay ton Soon after the return-o- f his sister sent for my mother and me to. come over, as he wanted to' see us. We were pleased to see him, as he had seen my He told us that he sister not lonj; before. was'-gointo return to Utah in the fall and that he would be pleased to take me with him. This suited me very well. Tiie next day he came over to our ljouse and asked my mother if she would give me to him for This she refused, as she said she his wife. did not believe in hasty marriages. He. asked me what I thought about it, and I told him that my mother had always wished me well, nul.that I would not go against "her wishes. He then told me that he should I told him go over to see Sarah Martin. that she would be glad, to see him, as we He had been brought up close neighbor. asked her to be his wife and, she consented. He She was about four years my senior. Saints told us then that the Latter-daWe in having more than one wife. had told him that we knew that and refused. In the early spring" c 1S50, Brother understood it for a long time. He asked us to live together when. Christopher Layton returned fromrj Cali- if ue would be willing We told him fornia, where he had gone as a mejuber of we should arrive in Utah. the Mormon Batalion. We had known him then that we had made that agreement long He had left since, and that we had no desire to' break it. before he went to America. I did not tell my parents what I intended for Nauvoo, and England in January, while there his wife had died leaving a little to do, neither did Sarah Martin; but it was girl one year old; this my sister kept for understood between the three of us. : -- i t J j j j j Have these lofty sentiments anv cation to one hall of the people of thi Ke public, or are they mere glittering Veir-alitie- tt n - Republican or democratic plallorm; as neither Mr McKinley nor Mr. Bryan has had thc Courtesy to mention them in their rrouueiV. they feel the slightest "interest in either party? Their political status will remain the same in the success u" jnentoes, why.-shoul- the .most virtuous' and citizens of ttie Republic. Euz.UiKTii Cady Stanton. highly educated, Law-abidin- g in 'the State is.ghen the-Iandl- brd , t R. K. riUP r 71 WE ARE IN OUR NEW Daily Trains Each Way between City and Ogden. To describe a household of women I once knew, would be comical to the last degree, if not so provokingl pitiful. There were five rich widows (one of these women was said to be worth ten millions) all belonging to the same family, living in a hand-som- e house in a fashionable-par- t of New York, paying heavy taxes withdut a word to say in regard to municipal government; with their maids and servants they nunir bered just one dozen women. They had one colored man, with a head the size of an apple, one eye and lame in one leg. On the first Tuesday of every November, this gentleman, a kind of majorlomo to the establishment, represented these twelve women annually at the polls, five of them highly educated, the other seven able. to read and write, any one of them competent to throw the little majordomo over the wall; yet he was the only citizen of the Republic in this household. The twelve women had not a word to say in regard to the laws or lawmakers urider which they lived. They were practically slaves according to what Benjamin Franklin once said: "If a man's property can be taken from him without vhis consent he is a slave If he has no voice in the government under which he lives, he is a slave." See that your tickets read ia the SHORT LINE CITY TICKET OFFICE for And Get the best. tickets to a!! points, 100 West lake Second South Street, Sal City, Itah. rv S. D . ECCLES, Genl Tic. Mgr. E. BIRLEV, G. P. & T. " full-fledge- : d Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit 'it with Ziorrs Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest sayings bank n Utah. - . ings accounts. The laws of Utah permit niufri'd women and also children who arppinors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. na l you such an account? XI not open tyranny." XT it - Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 sav The "Fathers'l said, "No just government can be formed without the consent of the governed." laxauon witnout representation is Main St. Salt Lake City, STORE Solicit your patronage: We aim 'to give as mucn as possible lot your money. fast L Salt lake 1 A HOUSEHOLD OF WOMEN. ue THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, the RAILROAD. 1 - talking they began throwing stones at the The house being made of concrete, house. the plaster was soon knocked off and the windows broken. They had formed twp lines along the path, thinking to catch the Elder and some of the Saints and dr.ig them to the rjver and throw them into it. But thcy.Lwere defeated, for we led them around another way. V They climbed over our live fence and made their escape while the mob waited. This was very hard on my father, for he was not a Mormon and it worried him. The mob continued throwing stones for some time. Finally my father went out and told them that the Elder was far away. This he did for two reasons: cue for the safety of his property, and the other was to find out wlm enmp nf the mpn wore T hi hf rlul came and told The next day father that he would have to leave that home. "For," said he, "you, see what your wife and daughter have brought you the Lord would into."' I told father-thaBefore that help us to get another house. .ay was past he had secured another and the following day we moved. The landlord saw. what he had done, and sent word .that he was sorry for what heliad done in his auger. Within a year my father and by OREGON SHORT LINE (To he continued.) One night there was an Kkkr at cur place who had just returned from America, and we were very anxious liat the people should hear him, so we invited our neighBut instead of their coming with bors in. a pure motive, they called in all of the' roughest element for miles around and came to do- mischief. As the .Elder was ...... The Most Convenient local Train Service 18-43- him. d either. The questions of. tariff, gold basis, im, perialism, trusts, sink into inter insignia cance compared with the emancipation (,f. be-liev- ed y TRY US. you s for orators in their fourth of'-Juiorations or on the eve of their annual J tions? We pause for a reply, Women are constantly asked as to th-- ir choice-ithe pendii.g election. As there- K no mention of them m either the A. T T doi-El t EST on fUUKrijiv. any amount from' one said Taiv to. thousands, and commute pay . .. interest four, times a year. WKJTE.foiany information desired. Lorenzo Sntov. Prest. ; George M. Cannon, Cashier Nos. -5 Main Street. 