WOMAN'S HXPONKNT. ( 1 at the top f winch we expect to find the This was our first real estate, ant! t,l:r stillBrother Pixton after hurl 'ii; r (1 home. graves wc seek, no sound breaks the illMid the. remaining mimhcr j ness' and our conversation is carried on in house worked on the Tempde imiij Btitb-n 'orderly rrtreah Cheer upon. J hushed voices, Jbr fear of disturbing the death of the Prophet Joseph, an wliiisj make In here we liad our endowments in t . . U.lV oi "ill uiai liitu aim silence which hangs over the spot. Cllccr thf unMij pased statue of the close" succession we pass the graves of jjle. ,vt.t We stayed in' Xa1.voo until the 'i :in r0f M.ui facing the spot where success Thoreau ;.l fa wthorne, 'Mr. and Mrs. Alcott Mini;: ' iii-- t. i wiad' Ks'Vr.ice'Mo an unyielding .and their, brave "Little Woman," and 1846, when Brother ' Pixton dro, vo!::i. he. ,'Ve will follow them in their retreat Emerson', each grave being marked by a teams up the country for President i r hari We feel, indeed,, that Y(jimg. He came back for uk in jay (. Coiiier," where they face suit able headstone. Mi!;;!!;i about' and .ai( rapt to regain their lo"st no more fitting locality could be chosen for and we moved to .Mount Pisgah. .j lj1js jjuu'.d it is of no avail, however, and' a last resting place, after the cares and sor- time and previously a call had ken for a companv.nf )Z Brigham-A'oun- g th'-.;:c driven 'under fire from the Concord rows of life, than this quiet peaceful spot. K. H. C. brethren to tramp across the continent and assist in the war in Mexico, anil mv W', iiive been livingiu a military atmos-i,v. V ItUV band among others volunteered to go. He oil bat li t ih now for a lew moments ELIZABETH PIXTON. left me at Pisgah and started off in what is the literary spirit with which i known as the Mormon Battalion. i!'.i. pi uv abounds. It is this same sjot: AI'TOIHOCKAI'IIV. As fellow soMieisf for .Hod's' sake fire.V to Iris call, two" of tin; ijji.-jr.iiii'v 'u--.;-;:j''- J i j t i ' - 1 '.. - J ; : 1 mad-upo- n . Chark-stown- : . " i i . :' 1 . which tor years was the home of many of o:r Ki -t charming wi iters. The names of banc! on, Aleut!, Hawthorne and Thoreau connected with the place that ue - elo-.el1m ar the name of Concord withwe out having ;he image of one of these perminds. sons brought be.f.re-oti-- y r . Ai we drive out Lexington road we large stjtiarc building which we av told was the home of Ralph Waldo Lmeion. It is a beautiful place in a of pine trees. .This was always a center for the many bright minds of the ar;v, in rthe intellectual influence of the place seems to carry us into a world 1. .ur own. Some distance farther dovvn the load we see Oichard House, which was tlu home lor many years of one of the dearest women who ever lived. Louisa M. Alcott. Why is.it that every Is when she hears that girl's heart thri I n ni!" Xeul ask such a question? Here we can see her with her sister in ttieir per- feet enj ivment ot home life. Their trials as as were, perhaps; heavy any ol us have to beat, but how nobly they were overcome-anafterwards the enjoyment of perfect happiness fallowed as the just reward. .was here that Mr. Alcott established his School of Philosophy, and the HilLide Chapel, standing but a short distance from the Orchard lloue, was the annual meet iiii; place. Adjoining the place on the left we see '.the Wavside whicti was owned occupied by Nathaniel Hawthorne during the. latter part of his life. A restful tjiuet seems to hang over the place, and we can easily this wonderful man vending loiih his best ejTbrjs from such a come to a set-tin- g i be-yo- n - 1 1 sifot. . The Old Manse occupies a position 'on Concord river, in a lot closely connected with the old battlefield. It is especially 'dear to the hearts of Ha wthorne's admirers for his charming set of sketches, which from this tiItph takes, its name , j.. Henry Tltoreau spent the greater part of his life in 'Concord', Ile.re lie - was given :amaie scope tor .the fulfillment of his desire to spend a tt reat ileal of his life in the study of nature. - The nsnlt of this withdrawal from human companionship and de-- . votion to nature and wild life is given in IWiJt'n, or IJfv in the Woods. Concord would indeed be conOur trip-tosidered incomplete without a visit to the famous ,Vpi:ie inn in which so many renowned people have been entertained, A most pleasing description has been given by our own dear poet. Longfellow, in his: interesting Jules of a Waysiar ni. we win now make our. way to Sleepy I i olio w cemetery, where lie the mortal rethese valued contributors to mains, .American literature As'we ascend the hill the-- ' - . - , Krora Pisgah we moved to WinterOuarttrs was born at Chesterfield, in Derbyshire, Kuglaud, on the Sth day of February, ..1S20. My parents names were John and Charlotte Cooper. There- were five children of us, four girls and one bay. . I was the third' a boy and a girl being older than myselL, We were among the class known as poor peojde, and, thereloie,. I had little or no schooling and Was expected, as soon as I was able, to add my mite to our support. My mother died when I was about six or I .Floreuc:, as it was after ward.rcalkd. We c!ssri the winter there, we amid I was alone in scarcely say we lived. ray old wagon box with my little girl", Charlotte. Anotherbaby boy was. born to ' We.' there. called him He! me' Brother Brigham VoungM)lessed him. Ht lifd in nbnnt five vvflr nn! wr.v nut hi-,with about five hundrtd more who were tnrtft ot W'iTifr ( linrturc tlio t.. I was glad when ihe winter was passed, and in the month of July, 1847, I went down to St. Louis to earn sufficient money for a fit out to take me to Salt Lake I left my wagm and cattle in the charge of ray friends. I stayed in St. Louis until the" spring of 184S, when I returned to Winter Ouarters and found my yoke of cattle and a yoke of cows and my wagon all right, and - - 1 . years old. and yon all know wdiat home becomes without a mother. My father continued to keep house, for about three years, then the hone wa broken up and the famI was ily divided among our relatives. sent to live with my grandmother, until I was about thirteen years old, then lived with an. aunt for about two years as a nurse girl. Afterwards I went out to' service and continued there until I was nine. teen years old. During iuy service' I became acquainted and kept company with Robert Pixton, and we were married on May 5th, 1839. On the Sth of Feburary, 1S40, my- first baby, Charlotte, was born, and we got along very nicely until my husband got He felt disposed to the American fever. go to Canada, but being acquainted with Brother Bateman he finally went with the Latter day Saints, and sailed ;away on the we started on could not work my cows very well, so I let Brother In man take them to work. We arrived in Salt Lake City on September 22, 1S4S, and camped down in the old fort. One week rlfter pur arrival a company of the Mormon Battalion arrived. My husband being among the company, we went out to the warm springs to meet them, and, after a parting of over two hard We years, we again started life together. lived in the fort until we got our city lot, when , Brother Pixton built us one adobe room and had it finished and moved our . few things in. In the morning a great snow fell and it was sixteen weeks be fere the ground was clear again. " During' our residence in Salt Lake City we became very well acquainted with several of the Saints over Jordan, the Bennions, ILarkers and ot.hers, and m the spring of 1859 we moved to Taylorsville, where we have since resided, My husband-die- From Sil-coc- 1S48,' across the I of .September; 141. This was a sore trial to me, and I lost my second baby, named George, a week after my husband left. I now took a situation as wet nurse in a good family. ' I received seven dollars a week wages and had a very comfortable home. I stayed there until October 21, 1843, when I left my native land to join my husband; ...We ...left in the good ship Champion. . 2, great plains to the Salt Lake valley, driv- T imr mv' rmn tMm wnc in I'.riarliitn Young's hundred, and Ihe wagon in front of mine was Horace Kldredge's, and the one behind me was William Van Dyke's. 2 1 st Liverpool our voyage lasted six weeks and three days; a pleasant voyage as compared "with some of those days although we were becalmed for lour days. But the end came and we landed at New ' Orleans. The ship company allowed us to live and stay on board for several days, until the boat was ready which was to take us up the river, where' we "were met by my husband on December 23, 1843, at Island6o, in the State of Kansas. Brother Pixton .was accompanied by Brother Thomas who had also come to meet his wife, for we had been companions all the way' from Liverpool. We stayed at Island 69 that winter, and lived in a blacksmith shop, and in the spring, we started up the Mississippi river to Xauvoo, where, we arrived, :sa'fe and sound. We bought a half acre of laud of W illiam Blackhurst, and built a brick-roo- May I j on the 23rd Of November, 1SS1 In the spring of 1883 I went to Kngland to see relatives and "iriends, and succeeded in getting a great amount of genealogy, . j !.- ; j k, ' and have ministered the ordinances for a g;eat many relatives and friends Today I have living jive children, fifty grandchildren, thirty-si- x great grandchil dren, and am eighty years old; presided at the reception and dinner of Jahe Auttiors' Club, at the- Vendorae, on January, and Mrs. Julia Ward Howe - the Marion, Osgood LadiesV Orchestra ' the music, r ' - furn-ishe- d ' d -- 