V, TT p, The Ballot in the Hands yoi. 29 of the Womeu 0 . CONTENTS. ,. P I Utah should be a Power lo better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. SALT LAKIC CITV- UTAH; - r I: A OCTOBER 15, & NOVKMBKR ' Nos. 10 1, 1900. & i'i and most heartrending misfortune to the Direct communication becween the L On September 8 the United States and Germany was opened people 0 Texas. of city "Galveston was visited by onexif Uei September 1, the route being from New most terrific storms ever .known in this York to hayalpJ thence to Kmdew, GerThis dreaded hurricane, so tercountry. many. The occasion was signalized by the rible in vcliicity, so destructive in its path, exchange of cordial greetings between the carrying into the Gulf many thousands of Kmperor of Germany and President lives, destroying millions of dollars of McKinley. The war iu South Africa is now virtually, property, was one never to be. forgotten. Kvery state, every hamlet, sorrows with at an end. Kruger has emigrated and is Galveston. The shock of the news is still now enroute to some foreign. port. with us, but hundreds of thousands of In the I'hillipines the situation remains hands, are reaching out to help them. , about the same, continuous gorilla warfare There skeins so little to say and so much to characterizes the existing state at the presdo Miss Clara Barton and her little band ent time. of faithful workers were, as usual, among The Chinese situation is more complex the first to reach the afflicted city. Too than ever. War. clouds .are gathering thick much cannot be said for this noble cause, and fast over the far Hast. In concluding this brief review of the the, Red Cross, and its untiring workers, almonth's events, I cannot refrain from reways ready and willing to alleviate the suf of their fellow creatures. ferings iterating the sentiments expressed by our While there are men who think that a writer of last month's events, that the day sand island, exposed to storms from the is not far distant ere thq white flag of truce gulf, will never prove a suitable site for a may float over the land; that men and' great city, the prevailing opinion seems to nations may live in peace and harmony, be that solidity in construction and proper united with the world, .united with each sea walls will make the new Galveston other. AlMKE C. SCIIILLKR. safe, and that its present site is so'peculariiy to adapted commerce, that there should be no thought of abandoning it. SOUTH AFRICAN SITUATION. The presidential campaign is now1 in Mill , (Concluded.) sway. The headquarters of botlr papers are sending out men true to their respective The president has' been married twice. parties, who tell us the beautiful doctrine His first wife only lived a short time. of their party, all of which we are to conSeveral years after he married a niece of his sume, digest, and last, but not least, vote first wife, by whom he has had sixteen chil- upon. drenf seven are still living. The distinguished Governor of New Allen Sangru in the A bis Ice says: York, and Republican nominee for Mr. Theo. Roosevelt,- - honored If Paul" Kruger died today the Boer nation our beautiful city with a visit during the would' pass into history tomorrow; no man nor combination of men could replace him. He alone month. He was royally entertained and 'welds together the chain of humanity that is strugwelcomed, and departed with words of gling for liberty in South Africa. It is as though one and praise gratitude for the people of the mighty individual were fighting the British Em liberal-hearteHe has West. pire. He lsAtlas, supporting the world. no on Enemies earth ridicule his counterpart. may Several unfortunate holdups took place in slur his principles and accuse him of religion, our city. One life was lost, but fortunately but he stands a figure as adamantine as Is behind the desperadoes are safely lodged the it animated which no one believes will ever be ; , Current Events Aimcy, C. Schiller 41 South African Situation. .;...Luella M.. Rhodes'' jt An Interesting Journey; ...J. II. Allen 42 Letter From Brooklyn Lelle ShaJfer z 15. of Sarah Autobiography 13 Laytoii. General Conference, Relief Society, 1. 15. Wells .45 Reapers' Club J. A. Dane 4') Sketch. .....u Biographical Obituaries .... R. S. Reports j; """ Editorial A Hopeful Outlook .'. . . Editorial Notes . '. Poktrv House of Life The Wayside Well.".... "house of T. 44 , . 44 ..LuDalton 41 .Walter Learned 44 LIFE. ' My Lord built a beautiful house for me, ' ' u ith arch and pillar and wall, With many a chamber ,fair to see, And corridor,1 closet and hall. . The carpets and curtains were rich andr fine, And every convenience was there; With workmanship cunning, this dwelling of mine Was .fashioned and furnished with. care. . - And was the mistress and owner of a 1, This opulence, beauty and worth, Like Eve in her garden whom (rod did install, To dress it, the gem of the earth. I looked from my window and lo. I beheld More palaces iw ely and grar.d Eclipsing in splendor my own, and dispelled Was my joyjn both palace and land. I - " - No more did polish each casement and stair, e away, Nor open its windows to woo the sweet air, Nor deck it with garlands so gay, Its fair rooms grew tarnished and laden with dust, A nd. cob webs hung heavy and gray, Unloved and abandoned to moth and' to rust, Its beauty began to decav. I And brush every - dust-Hak- A footstep draws near ! my Lord -- lie is here ! He gazes in pain and amaze "This wreck is the Temple for you I did rear," For shame I could not raise my eves. "0. foolish one, what didst thou lack,. but the will If these were too narrow for thee, More stately apartments to plan and to build ? Who loves not my gift, loves not me." He passed, and I dared not beseech Him to stay My opened eyes saw clearly now, How foolish and blind was my envy; straightway I made with repentance a vow To honor my gift, to fill it with light, ' . Embellish and keep it with care, That henceforth it be in my Lord's kingly sight A dwelling place lovely and fair. When next His dear footsteps draw near to my door, With gladnessTTl usher Him in;- - No mildew or rust shall Hesee as before; To restore it at once I'll begin. I'll love my dear home for the Giver's sake, Nor sigh if. more stately ones be, For God, the dear Giver, can make no mistake; He knows what is best for me. . LU D ALTON". ?. . ; ; . -- ; vice-presiden- d hy-procri- The great Anthracite coal strike, by which 140,000 men were out of employment has fair prospects of being agreeably settled. Iu California the second week inSeptember was signalized by the celebration of the 50th anniversary, of the state's admission to the Union. There were impressive military parades, naval parades and other festivities, continuing tour days. to-g- o So much noble work has been under- taken of late along philanthropic.lines. I read with pleasure recently of ladies in Brooklyn and other Eastern cities starting free libraries during the summer in parks, whereby pur less fortunate .sisters and brothers had access to books' and current literature while seated under the shade of trees sheltered from the hot rays of the sun. Such work is truly noble and commendable. I . . years ago Cecil John Rhodes, then a tall, thiniad, was advised to South Africa if he Jjy his physician fished to live more than three years. He and his brother sailed and reached NataL while the diamond mines of Kimberly were 111' lull blast. Cecil remained there for several years and finally Went back to Oxford to complete his education. Returning to South Africa with the. Rothschild money he began to be a factor in politics,' mining and government and in 1875 he was in the zenith of his glory.. He was many times a millionaire, the head of one of the greatest "enterprises, director of the affairs of the dominion that occupies one tenth of a continent", almost the sorr"Owner of Rhodesia. His power was nearly absolute oerater- - . ritory that extended from the Cape of Good eastward to Hope into Central African-th- en within a few miles of Indian Ocean. But with all this wealth, all this power, Cecil J. was not satisfied, he looked at the map of Twenty-seve- n succession. . To crowd the events of a month's happenings into brief space seems almost an impossibility. Every day finds the newspapers filled with accounts of storms, railroad accidents, strikes, wars, crimes in fact, calamities of every kind, too numerous ' to mention. Heading the list comes the appalling He is a Sphinx surcharged with wiscast down. dom and energy to whom 40,600 Burghers'Iook up as their savior. bars. The Goebel murder case still heads the One man docket of the Kentucky courts. was sentenced to life imprisonment, one to death and the trials of all others implicated in this cowardly crime will fellow in quick-- j ! CURRENT EVENTS. t, . 