WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .4 woman mut possess in order to keep pace with the competition which has always an economic value in the' world of affairs, she is due will receive the compensation-whicthe .skilled and thoroughly reliable employee, utterly regardless of sex. Let us go Inck a generation or tuo if, we would gain'a clear idea of another, reason for our domestic difficulties. In our great, army of domestic home makers we see a constant struggle to make both ends mett aroiind a rapidly increasing surface of re,-and expenditure, but this class women in our grandmother's davs were quite content to spend at least a portion of the time in looking after their own especial business of- household management, but now the heads of these homes have toUnd so many interests outride of the home that it has become necessary to increase the quality and quantity of .those; who are to remain under cover in order' to keep the wheels of all of the domestic industries in motion. .We rejoice, however, that women have these varied and enlightened interests which have' come to us all in this latter end of a panicu- larly progressive century. In . connection with this evolution in household concerns, our public educators have made j.t possible for all pupils, without regard to fitness or ability to become imbued with the idea that if the avenuejs of the so called genteel pursuits .for which they are preparing themselves should be doed to them, they would almost prefer to become parasites upon their relatives, friends or even the State than to bring their "'unused hands into service. We are seeing the effect of this mistaken step in tie plethora of mediocre seekers after positions of short hours and light labor, and a corresponds IT scarcity in the ranks o efficient artisans with skill and competency which are so closely related to all human happiness and well being. Another snarl which' perhaps seems the" most hopeless of disentanglement is the rapidly increasing number of mills and factories which furnish a great, outlet for Women and purely mechanical labor. as this young girls have, in Europe country, rushed into this easiest ;f all inmethods NThe automaton-likdustries. which - are so quickly learned and more easily repeated day after day,' and the corresponding emoluments of such labor and definite hours of release from supervision, have been the means more than anything else. of depriving the household ofVits old When we realize that this time servitors. kind of employment gives to the employees all that they most desire their holidays, j meir ouuuay? aim men evenings, aim me unquestioned lreedom of action so much sought' for by our liberty loving people, we can readily understand 'y.the majority of ' housekeepers' of today are In such ' v domestic turmoil. We may suggest numerous remedies for this deploroble situation; perhaps the most enticing is housekeeping which always shows up so well on paper, but we ear it will take generations ot persistent -- ' - -- , - Rev.. C. F. educators. to entirely extinguish the idjosyn-cracie- s tablished at Duxhurst. Wiliams was in the chair and introduced of the individual family. Mrs. Graham, who is connected with the ICven in these progressive projects there must be rules and regulations and cbrps ot work at Duxhurst. She said that there six cottages, each of which expert, qualified artisans.if there is to be the was originally, harmonious system which its piogeuitors could receive six patients. Two more have promise in lieu of the independence of the been added, one by the voluntary subWhile we are waiting scription, of sailors, the other by the to'wn of eoaiate home life. for these model ''Homes" we must- - still Hastings. we and Under the Act of 1S9S magistrates are households individual struggle with are forced to admit tint no enterprising empowered to send inebriate women to, a home after a third conviction, and the good cr even coml)i:iation of gestionsof anv system of rules and regula-o- f that Duxhurst caii do is only limited by. tin tions will ever accomplish anything4 until number it can house. As many as three thousand cases have had to be refused dn all women who an toentciin'to the business r,f housekeeping, either as brain workers or one year. hand workers, hive become thoroughly educated in this mot essential of all that goes to make the home a perfect abiding place. Therefore let us plead for this education And when you trot a dollar, depoit it for our classes as well as our masses; thai with Zion's Savings ISank & Trust;-- ' we fnay safely follow with suggestions and Company, the oldest and larg.-?- savings''! wise regulations of the laws which should bank n L'tah. trovern the management of households. We should not lose sight of the pertinent iact Since the establishment of the bank must we be we hav; opened more than P,000 savthat for these laws to successful, ' and ings accounts. grant a just estimation of the skill capability of experienced and educated The laws of ''Utah permit married employees and. demand thorough business women, and also children who are minors This of on the the part employers. ability to open savings accounts in their-owmeans to means that we must find ways and f nanif.uhject to their own order. Have vou .Mich an account';' .If not, open enaMe us to sift out of the'army of domestic one NOW workers the shiftless, the incompetent and the utterly hopeless cases and give just pay FOUR WAX CKNT on any amount from o:ie doltreatment, leisure hours and good wages to and compute said lar to tho-But no who survive this .ordeal. interest (oar times a year. housekeeper can do this unless she under- - WKITH for iifv information desired. stands her business, and ihciraot without LoitKszo Snow. Pret. . co operation with all othels of ier kind. ( j :o k: : M . C a n n ox, Cas h i e r Put, my, sisters, let us strive to keep ever before us in this great work of oiirs, that j. .V MnJr Strrot toGolden Rule which means forbearance wards every dweller "under the household roof and which presupposes a wise tolerance and appreciation for the 'indi viduality of the workers as well as the idlers who The Most Conenient local Train Service ' live therein. in the State is ghen by the ity ' . -- Save Your Money! . ; t - I j j ! v-"-e j IX-TFJIK.- 4 j thou.-and- s, e j j ! j ; 1 1 j j ' ' ..... ; Linda Hull Larned. r; ( as-w- ell RELIEF SOCIETY ANNUAL REPORTS. e j j it- - Thetime has come for annual reports and is important that reports be sent in as soon as possible after the close of 1900. It is not only necessary to have Stake reports, but wherever aRelief Societv has been organized' outside Stakes, whether in ihe United States British Empire, Scandinavia,' Germany'' Switzerland, Holland, the islands of the eV reports for the year 1900, from January 1 to December .31, are expected at head- - PIVF MIL Daily cTf jail I -- a LdKc Trains Each Way between a a . , . . uiy duu uyucn. r;., quarters E. B. Wells; General Secretary. LADY SOMERSET'S COLONY. vThe Viscountess Horncastle gave a garden party' August 20, .at Taymouth House, Hackney Downs' -t- o-, acquaint, her friends-wit-h the work at Lfdy Somerset for inebriate 'women at the colony she has es- - R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS ZZ M 67, 69, 71 Main St. Salt Lake City. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE andso!ic!t your "pajtroh " as much as possible for your money; RAILROAD. . . co-operati- OREGON SHORT LINE i- -e. ; .We aim ' CO. io give vou TRY US See that your tickets read via the u SHORT LINE And Get the CITY TICKET OFFICE best lor tickets to all points,. 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah? S. W. ECCLES, Gen'l Tfc Mgr. D E. BDRLEV, : G.P.&T.A 