WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. Couiii-trio- Arthur Barnes, " of the Tity" to all; but the a r Council,. spoke short time in'a happy vein and Mrs. Elizabeth D.'Roundy read a prepared and well written pajer giving, some idea of brother Jensen's early life, his birthplace in Denmark, his travels to the holy- land and around the world. The entertainment closed with singing evening Auld Lang Syne," and benediction by Elder Adolph Madsen.' eare-fuH- y 61 alTair was a very pleasant one and the Kxioni-:nwishes long life; health and prosperity to Sister Youug,--nndthat she may always be able to entertain-- her friends in as kindly and hospitable a fashion. t - . i - STORY OF ONE CHRISTMAS. Who can tell what'ships may us o vv unknown si a ? !c sailing towards progress, wane iney ate somewhat puzzled what is best ' to do with the girl who is almost as old as her brother but prefers needle, thread and scissors toller books "Well .send her to Gainesville to the making rapid . girl's Seminary," says the father, anxious to ease the mother's' mind. "I can't help thinking," says the- fond mother, "of my own home so far away, and how little I realised until I had children of my own what my mother must have felt when I left her to 'come West with Ik-ame; it is a, dozen years ago or and I' ve promised more, how long them every year since I was married I would visit dear old Bethany and New - Christmas Eve, the memorable night BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSAY. when the solemn stars shone out bright On the 2nd of December was the birthday and luminous on the pathway of Mary, the Blessed Virgin. 'as she journeyed .toanniversary of Sister Armeda Snow Young, wards Bethlehem of Judea; and she knew and by invitation of her husband, Brother not what awaited her, nor the 'tidings that Morris Voting, and his mother, Sister were to be given on that night of nights"to Margaret P. Young, a number of her friends the gathered at her home and held a meeting. fields,,country shepherds, abiding in. the Haven again." keeping watch over their .flocks "And so you shall this next spring. My As it was Fast day many of the guests had How the of came Lord the them angel business .has prospered beyond my wildest upon attended the morning Fast meeting in the and His shone round about glory them, dreams or ambition, the Lord has been more Temple, yet .were not excused on that' and he declared them" unto the dad tidings merciful to me than I deserved, and there is account, therefore the Bishop of the ward, of is born this no reason now to delay your visit longer. I "Unto joy, great saying you Milieu C. Atwood, and Frank Y. Taylor, in the city of David, a Savior, which shall go to Xew York to purchase goods and day, President of Granite Stake, in which she rewj is Christ the Lord." We all know the will take you with me, and accompany you sides, had arranged to hold the meeting at sweet and touching story, so beautifully to jvotir old home and you can stay until Iv the residence of Brother and Sister Yrviup-President F. Y. Taylor took charge of portrayed by inspired men ill (lays of old; transact my business and am leady to reand handed down to us in Holy Writ. r turn," said the. husband in reply. the meeting, Prof. C. J. Thomas of the And thus times in since even and ' many "Aunt Polly will not consent to my leavmusic.. The first exercise was singing, our own unhave come day strange things "Testis minhtv Kinsr in Zioii" Praver bv ing the children, I'm sure, and I do not in the of course human events, know how I could trust them to hired help. Brother McGee. "Singing, O. my Father," expectedly and sometimes light and knowledge of I fear visit would be made uncomfortable President Taylor made a few opening divine truth "has been 'brought to the homes with my also President Jolin R. Winder, one thoughts of their being neglected in: and men and women, when they hearts of absence. I do not know what is best, I of the presiding Bishopric of the Church, knew not that the Lord was so mindful of my wish they would come here and visit us. and Bishop Atwood. or that in the Reveof them, How proud I should be lo show them each Brother George D. Pyper sang in his lations had flown angel spoken bearthe heavens through one of my little trcop !'! beautiful tenor, "Scatter Sunshine,'.' which the to to ing Everlasting Gospel preach "Well, Alary, you have some months to .vn;:i irent nlpflsnrp 4n nil. them that dwell on the earth, the message think it over and decide, and you can busy Other speakers wereSisters Zina D..II. of and sitting by their own hearthsalvation; yourself meantime with cutting arfll making Young, Bathslieba W. Smith, Kmma S. stones or toiling in the fields' or workshops, new apparel, for my wife must go' home in . Woodruff, Sarah II. Gibson, Margaret P. all unawares has come to tfrs message Young' Kmrneline B. Wells, Brother and many thousands, no, always upon Christ styie and her girl friends will see tlio she went away out into the wild West, that she bister Mcxee and lister Lil.ie i . 1'reize, or Salhath the but sometimes mas, ! .. r. i r .day, i. them in' dress or manner." vuo aisi sang very sweeny in tne gut 01 even so, and no greater Christmas gift can is not behind "0, as to that, I care very little, but tongues which was interpreted by "Sister one receive than the divine ray of light and Aunt Polly's feelings 'must be considered. Brother Hafen also made some re- Zifia." truth.; She has been father and mother to me, you Look back seven tv years and picture to know, and she ha no one except me and Brother and Sister Morris Young welin and a of home the peace plenty mine to love or care for. Hut she is a. comed the cuests in the beVinninir of the yourself then far Western Reserve of Ohio, near the children anno' her, and she meeting very cordially, and all the exercises great lakes. All is prosperous without and spinster and cannot understand them. I must think the ..were rendered iu a very heavenly spirit. into and the may gaze living matter over carefully." Prof. Thomas led in the hymn, "Who are within,whereyou order and tranquility seeming"We've settled down for life now. and we these arrayed in White?" and at the close room, and hear mother and thefather, ly abide', Frank will' must educate the children. the hymn "Lord dismiss us with Thy bless- children old an Campbellite hymn, soon be read' for Oberlin, at the rate he is singing ing" .was sung by the assembly. Bishop as they the fire of hickory logs: His teacher told me today he Winder pronounced the benediction. It is not a progressing Listen to the sweet voices was far aheaa of any boy in the school. We Tables were spread with a bountiful re- Christmas carol, drawis Christmas though need have no fears for liim, and as for Lois, past and decorations of white chrysanthea anthenrof but praise. grand she'll be safe in the Seminary; and you must mums and beautiful ferns gave a festive ap- - ing near, : make up your mind to, go, my dear, and it Hurst' ve emerald gates and bring me auspicious occasion. pearance 10 it.. will be a benefit to your health and a great 'To niy enraptuied vision, The dinner was a most delicious one and that ecstatic All the spring, joys satisfaction all around." thoroughly enjoyed by all' present, as also the bright Elysian." Round And so the matter was settled and sort of " "T the conversation; which was mostly remLo we lift our longing eyes, dismissed from their minds, for it had often Break ye intervening skies iniscent oi kiAuld Lang Syne.' f been discussed before, but so raauy obstacles Sonofrighteousnessari.se, Man)' heartfelt congratulations and good of Paradise Ope the iates, always seemed in the way of accomplishing wishes for future success and happiness the long journey, for such it was in those "Four and twenty Elders rise, .were showered upon- Sister Young in reFrom their princely station, lays. membrance of the day, and complimenting "Shout their glorious victories Silence reigned such as comes from deep, her upon retaining her youthful appearance Sing the great salvation; absorbing thought, when a loud "knock at and vivacity of spirits, and wishing herself, Cast their crowns before His throne, the door caused JMrs. Emory to start and "Cry in reverential tone, husband and children all the blessings Glor'v be to God alone exclaim, -- "Who can be coming so late.?.'' of this lite and eternal happiness hereafter. Almost before she could finish the sentence Holy, Holy, Holy One!" besides There others were j present many fi'mory was in the front entry unbolt those who took parLin the meeting, among It is a fitting hymn for those whose hearts Mr. the' door, and the hearty "Good evewhonT we noticed Prof. Evans (the artist) are full of4ove and devotion. The evening ing in their ning" of the strange voices rang, through and wife, Mrs. Minnie J. Snow, Brother prayer is offered aud clear as a bell. Le Roy Snow and wife, Mrs. George D. white night robes are. taken away by the the house, Walk in, gentlemen," said the host, and kiss, the after Mrs. goodnight Asahel Mrs. nurse, Woodruff, Mary Pyper, uspl and led the way to the ifire. "My wife, A. Freeze and many others. the father and the 'mother sit talking over I have not the pleasure of gentlemen. President Lorenzo Snq the.eve ' father, was detained on account of a death dren and to those who are at school, and your:acqua1ntancrrunless" The sentence remained unfinished, for the in the family, which was a source of regret proudly, too, of the eldest boy who is. Aunt-Polly.- - - r it-see- . . . , re-mak- s, . . 1 T sit-aroun- d ! ' ! ! ! - . . ' - " ' . ! - the-childr- en ' , i ' ' 