V 100 !. ' A (! ;.. a, H ' r . V'.'. Cirii ! X 1 '"0 N K N T'. the people of the State:' Do not, women of our lair State, indulec in any ill filling that wa add keep u iron casting.) our vote for the man of your choice to 'represent Utah in the hall , of" Congress. The conditions that confront the people time throughout the country at the pie-cand throughout the world. demand from women their earm t aHeution and the Inrst' in-tthought- and Active v iriicipatioii ..public welfare in u l akver way seems wise and prudent; and u.ojv .ycially does it devolve UH)n'voa!in wfjo h.uld.the ballot to exert their utmost iajl uaice at the polls Woman's Exponent. CM 0M A X'S ,',.! ... r.-.- :::.. v l C' , t f 'it or.f ! 25 c. :.v , iti .tr.--. -- . he - A ! !'''" Iu a c Hi'.;' ij.iv, ' i : t I. -' r'.- :.: 1 foKv KK vjp '' t nc- - " ' ' . ! ' r !.!! (.!:: tcf ,.: S'.jr.il.ty. in in. .t. 1 1. Irn;'r cv ym'h t 5 ry p. b (S'S tc - Y.. r, '... (K. t ,? o Cr. Y$ 1 Lakk Cm v. 1 Si.'t ! tie Ct'v, 1 l ' a 1 1 . I fih, at : , ! : 1 H:. I. I'r . ' serve their coifsV.'r.eru :.orablyand or Savor in the intewithout rest, of justice audeptdilN of privileges, and maintain, thv rigiits f the Working man or woman as well as tho e who abound in wealth, that alt may enjoy the freedom and liberty guaranteed, by the constitution of our country. At this cris's in the a (Tails of the state it seems t!iat every man and woman, and especially heads of families, sho1:' stand for the principles embodied an the good old Constitution' and ILciai.ui u of Independence, formulated by our forefathers under 'divine iuspirftuon, as' we candidly believe; ami whatsoever others .may do who disiegard the Constitution Or trample it under foot, the- Lafcr day Saints, above all jjeople should maintain their integrity to it and manifest to the" world that intense love of treedom of conscience and the true spirit of liberty that was the cro .vuing virtue of our Pilgrim fathers, and which eventually must be the touchstone of hum m liberty, fur alb patriotic ci'd.vns who love their country and tltc dearest rightsof their Love'Ued and your fellow-men- , countrymen. is a motto often used,, hut more often abused Utah should stand for righteous laws and justice, and above alt the women of Utah should do their part in the interests ot all tiie grave questions that are on "the tapis at the present time, and prepare themselves for greater and graver conditions and situati ous'iu the future. "In i thn issue the Governor's l III-'high- u-- " - . their-honest- e EDITORIAL - r'7l janiuryy, i.tii-chart- er - . . . - or-a- 1 1 A-pa- rt 4 delightful conversation and, the. hostess and regaled visitors, with delicious refreshments, 'which added mtuh to the pleasure of the gathering. the members " Janiar ' - was'the birthday of two of the most etuiuent wome-- i of Zion, and both were born in Jefferson County, State of New. York, 'President Zina I). II. Voui-.eof the Relief Society throughout the rid, and her first vice president, Jane S. Richards, of Ogden, .vhose. rjcent bereavement in the death of her nfie companion, President Franklin I). ' Richards, would ' make the day a sorrowful one for her in 31 , . stead of a day of rejoicing. A "dinner party was given at the home of Mrs. W. J. lieatie, Mrs. Young's daughter. A few of Mrs. Young's most intimate" friends were present in honor of the occasion, fourteen sat do.vn at table. Aunt Zina, (Mrs. Young) as we all love to call her, pronounced a bkssing that touched every heart with its sweet tenderness. Mrs. 'Beatie is a magnificent-hostess, and knows exactly how to manage a dinner on any great occasion. Her tact and skill in this respect would satisfy the most .fastidious Beautiful flowers, elegant' china, snowy linen and all that gives zest and tone affairs, with brilliant. conversation, made the visit to the honored lady a perfect success. ' to-suc- h - Mrs. Laura G. Fixkn. : of Chicago, vis;ted our city'enroute from California, e arriving here Saturday morning, January 6. Sunday morning. Mrs. Fixeu attended the German meeting' and in. the afternoon the meeting in the Highteen'th Ward-an- -- in the even i np-O thr V T Onr.H v M -' ' 11 ence in the Tabernacle. The lady was particularly impressed with the. sermon of - - V - " JL President Joseph JF. Smith, upon purity of life and character. She stated that' she had never heard the subject set forth so clearly Tiik Stake Secretaries of the Relief 'Sociand before, and felt that were ety of the several Stakes of Zion are hereby such pointedly sermons preached from the pulpits of reminded tlrat a. yearly .report is of the churches in the Eastern cities,' society them for the general report, fromexpected the beginand the condition of the people would be ning of the year 1899, January 1st to December 3 st, and that the report must be materially changed for the better. A purer m as early as February 15 so" that the atmosphere would pervade real life and ?reatSod would be the result, in the General secretary may have sufficient time mcrease-Mrs. of virtue and, morality. to make a correct report for the April Con Fixen's work- is decidedly, philanthropic. ference. All branches of the Relief She is business Society manager of a r Working not included in Stakes are Wroman'is Home, in Chicago, and. edits a to send a full report for the ve.ar o tw th& intprpst. paper "called ), complete report of the entire society may be made, i he nome w ill "V"v Lue. lnstitinioii. inoludiiig branches,, whether Accommodate eight'or nine hundred wome ' -- -- 1 ' also-reques- ' . held to organize the 01 Zioii, January 21, and also when the Granite Stake was organized, made of a January 28, selections were -presidency for the Relief Society each Stake. In Jordan-StakSister Marinda Batenian was sustaintd' as president, with - r 1900, at the Mrs. .of the'president, Ainue C. NJii and, aftcrthe transaction of impo:i,.;;L uess, one feature of which was the :;j,,,,'Jjn" ment of a committcee to draft a u ;i';aj for Julia Ivins McDonald, one members of the club, lau 'y c ceased. Comfuittee, Ruth M. To'x K !ni"a Pratt, M.' I).,, Lucy A, Clark. Mrs Nf cD naUl is the mly member (,f tH- dub that has passed away since its n; uion Octdbei 31, 89 . of the p:b;;ram consisted of an oiigiualjioem by. kiuh M h'ox, and 'The Lakes ofthfc Wasatch. " hv Mary A. J. Lamliert, both excellent and ' entertaining. We wish it distinctly under! stood the Press Club only aim's to do .original work and keep up with thV'i.:Ks The remainder of the evening was -- it in evening, e -- " . - - NOTES. Sister Iledvig IliMao Iarson, of Sandy, and Sister Agnes Cutler, as counselors! In the Grcmte Slake Sister'" ICmma Woodruff was sustained as president, and" Sisters Mary P. Young and Katharine II. Brockbank, Counselors. It is the intention to complete tifese organizations within a few days and get thein into running order.' ' 11 Tin; Utal Woman's Press Ckib At the conference Jordan-Stak- -- - '. Proclamation in regard to an election, and we hope and trust the women of this State who Jaold the franchise, and have equal political tights .f suffrage with the men of themselves, of the priviUtah lege conferred upon them in the constitution of .the State, and by their earnest endeavors to piomote good of the State and its p.op'e, e their utmost influence in the interest of. harmony, and slrnv to the country, of which they are an important put, tint thjy appreciate the bil- ' lot and will mike use of it for its legiti mate purp'H s. In'th- years since statehood was conferred up ki t ie p;-- pie. many Women have taken an active part in political issues, and have rendered good service in bath the great parti' s. A few have been elected to office, and h ive made a good record. I.Hall alone of "all the states Ins Ind a Worn in senator,, one who sat through two terms of the Legislature, hiving been so And fortunate as to get the long term. women have been elected to the Lower House and hive beu efficient in the work assigned, tp them ai'id acquitted" themselves In several couutiej in well on committees filled the offices of have the State women auditor, treasurer, recorder, etc., and at the present time women are filling the offices of recorder, .treasurer and minor' places .and no eomplanits.are mule in reference to or capabilities. There are comparatively few women who would care to accept public positions of trust or emolument., if tendered them, but-thfew have proven woman's ability to discharge' public duties with credit and success The work so far has not intruded upon the home or its obligations. No complaints have been made of neglect of husband .or children because of going., to vote ' or holding 'office. Women can be very helpful hi the coming campaign "if they will use tiieir womanly iutlumice for. justice and righteousness, not condescending, to any of the petty bickerings and strife that occasion broils and disturbances when electioneering is in full is not 'vet decided jivha't the progress. mode of campaign will be, but whatever m ly ;..btfhe ultimate decision, if wHl be. the "plain diity of every patriotic citizen' to consider it his or her duty to do his, best for the maintenance of order, and! a peaceful solution of the question to be settled by the votes of Jt who will i.,r men ; I . will-avai- .t ' AN APPEAL TO UTAH WOMEN..-- We publish; casting t!ie bilj c-a- vwj.s, s ! - !.- i up-lightl- y m S J.b'-r.i- .... .1!! Enttrr.i A ). iciirr'-'on- , i - .O " - iM- on'',,. T! "f Ir !.!. t r - - . ut ; the United (States, or other cm.tsivs upon the islands of the sea. Aikln Iv. i$. Wells, Secretary, TempletsLake City, Utah. in- ted J . 