EMMEL! Mi en -- er:d :o count ' Exf'f EN n street;" h ...r. Uy, except s is of her' millions, and how r-e- d t " 1 . 1 or"---'- i et-eve- . . r On Tuesday ..afternoon, Julv ot at the resid-',I. H. oung, to show tb a . . iun .i ajijitwiauwu ui.er in ' r.:-an- - .. 'el 1 a m whole life has been such 'a ,strikm Jxl'.,."" of and devotion to t1;''("f'' and its rork here upon' the - r ' - self-sacrific- e' 1' e- dispensation. n . . . Sister Zina has truly earned the vV'. tion "MoUier in Israel; "'The were present' on .the occasion of, the ing merit ioned hada mo.-- t. ery y aileVr " altlio.ugli the affai was an irnornul yet it was a sort of meeting.- - Sister K i Wells made a few appropriate r.m arks' anj referred with' love and admiration ty who Hs'ters many had( to beeuuo:;t ...... :.,r . i 1 ,1 .u na-; r, i oi ini;e;nems ..... . with us occasions who ,.iere nov Ol una van tne it i h learning on the other side cf the veil, and whe-- 'c it wiil not help - lis to set 'vi' great nobility of character ''we cherislS better rxaV.iple- - of 'righteousness th n those still in; meuKry with fohcl t ,r'. fit' qrj'i'i rnlU-- ? into Prominent" among these v-ajpreciatirj;. vYs''l time a difhcnltv arises Kimball, .Mary Ann Young', i again, meantime' women must jwait' R. Snow-- , 'Elizabeth' Ann Whitnev luia ol armies the and ai.e watch a::i f and later whom all present would reraein- more man will ;e r:iy ber, Phebe WoodruiT, Sarah M. Kinibaii, rr.en who .slay; and the Elizabetl: Howard and where theii names were familiar many mure .ar ami anwer Lord Latter-Q.ithe to', L raver iwn due time; hut as faith Saints and that, we should not allow tti"r (:,.d. they . must work names to be forgotten; fur . they had helred r l ana ; ia Li.e iounuaiioa ui ..sueul. OiiSere:;;. r for the foundation others, lay in t'aeir sn:s as !:all lead them Sister "Wells then, suggested tri'at 'Sister "the govcrrr to jher "pu rp Baths1. eba W. Smith preside. 'The sister :M" ;h n going to war with sang Sister Eliza's hymn, "O, my Father." The- time- is coming' how-maintent J Sister Camilla C. Cobb leading and Sisttr seem' at present, when ever J. Snow playing the avcuir.naniii'ent bv iten into plough-share- s sword w.r. n. on An eloquent prayer-wbic'ana pears in' faning h ;oks. : May God touched every heart was offered by Sister $.5 :.ir ! lali a: .a. j to ' ., Sice, or.? t.rr. few , ex r i rra; thquiird bfavirmrii .iv a:. i CO Cti'. L au:;t zina's patv. wkH will.it a;rvi answer the desired mid ? : .1. ev.uu ; au wo:::c;i Mea: re :m-- who how go nut to It i noble to tile C I! ::tr. call ' u.i.t.e ,1.,, Utr s O ' : couutrv ar.ci its honor and then the cause " S aI .'. c where blood ii to be it is time now for deep and and every effort should be z about Teaceful reeoneiii- iizZ-ci .boasting o: skill and with other natitms. It strength ii fa: better to fcffer heavy rewards'forall s in ChiVia- delivered alive than to to eo.- .wit!: their- cunning in the ' ; i e:y little; C: smr.ee Woman's Exponent. . KXPoNKN WOMAN 10 ' xd " ; ' -- 1 -- c- -' - - if--- .- : . r . Eiierel it ft P, 1 , . i - on-simila- . . - "THE TOR ID ARMS." IS UP L j i The co'm motion of the world at the pr- eent time is almost incredible." Civilization and.enlightenmeiit have reached such high ground that it is hard to believe that, such a have tempest of. nations-shoul.Using'. a - very, old iashmued set in, the-pun- - . . - ' . - ' v j . j i- - . . . 3 . ;. . -- : ph:a-elhes- whole world is up in arm-- .' ; ,,Ni'twithstandii.ig the earnest and strenuous .efforts that have been n:ade during tjie last few years to bring about settlements of di faculties Jn" arbitration, there seems to be a tremendous power brought to Ijcar to overthrow and break down all bmlers that serve as safeguards to human. life and lay waste the countries., and .. nations in a uniall governversal war, that shall ments, however exclusive the' may have ' been heretofore. Beginning wHli- - Cuba and the war with Spain, a spirit of war has gathered as it were, all its forces, to, kill and destnn', without mercy, until it is horrible to contemAnd there seems no. alternative unplate: less a power more potent than', hand of man belrought into requisition to stay .the' deadly weapons of warfareand the terrible grasp of the adversary ol peace and good will in its devastating and downward course. l lie torch of liberty, of which America as a nation has boasted, is not lighting the world as it should do, and men are not paving the way for that peace chat surpasseth understanding wnile theic. hands .are literally or indirectly imbued in the blood of their fellowmen... ' No wonder the disciples of Jesus said ' 'In the last days perilous tijnes shall come and men's hearts shall "jail them," and so on, if nations will persist in making war upon one another, as they are doing today. How .can those ignorant of God and His laws be better way, the precepts of the taught the ' Love ' Savior, thy neighbor, ' "IT ed ucated, cultured people, who profess to lead the world fn its higher advancement, only follow the same methods of subduing the powers that .oppose as those who. have never known Christ and Him crucified, or 'heard of the true plan of salvation preached and taught by the Savior, and His Apostles? The Chinese problem may be a very difficult one to wrestle with, but at cannot better conditions to kill untiievery sort of diplomatic .intervention' has been tried. ;China has great resources ofhich we at i ; j ein : V . i i - y 1 . Mi-nni- e : the-orga- h -- ' .trntiti'ms now it see ills useless to allude t zz'ii a time; and yet it is neveithele-- s th prophecy-ithe. future by the greatest men and women poets, sages, seers and why should we not behev.- in1 the best fcr the human ract;? i .i .i loresaw it; laian loresnado wed SUC U and wheir even the ti , beasts of held, the lamb and- the lion, should lie down together. And, v. omen need 'not despair though therefore, all seems dark t day as far a? peace am on-the nations is concerned--'.yethe silent forces;that are working and the Heartfelt " of 'thousands .prayers of the 'tens; of mothers that "are offered daily will reach the' ears of the Omnipotent., and truth and righteousness will eventually triumph, the earth will be redeemed and Satan, will .be bound.: ... haye to do her., part in this work of redemption., and there will be both wise and foolish virgins.; undoubtedly. It will be the duty of all to study.the questions as presented by the events that transpire from day to day time to time and not be led into error,but walUn'theGos-pelight and listen to the still small voice yvithin. More e specially should the women of the Latter-daSaints, who have had' great opportunities of knowing concerning the future and God's dealings with the children of men, study those grave and senous questions, fort'here much is given much is required. Let your light so shine that others seeing your, good works mav be stimulated to lollow in your footsteps. l.-nrcm- -- t ; arai-philosophers- ..7'V A -- - t . ' " But-woman-wi- and-fro- L . y Elizabeth .Webb, and was. followed by tU hymn "God moves in a m' steriotis.way." Sister ;Zina, in her own sweet, motherly, way, welcomed the sisters to her hone aaal heart and praised the Lord,' as she always does, for all His blessings to us as a people. Sister B. 'W. Smith spoke briefly and alluded to the sisters whosr names bad 'Sister been mentioned, particularly 'Emma' with whom she, was 'intimately acquainted. Sister Zina .then j aid a loving .tribute to "Sister Emma." Sister Sarah Jane Cannon followed in a similar strain, referring tenderly to the experiences of women in this Church and their wonderful integrity. Sisters Margaret V. Taylor,- Hannah C Wells; Margaret P. Young; Maria W. Wilcox, Mary Alice Lambert. Sarah P. Snow, Julia C. Howe;'' Xaamah Twiss Young, S. WooElizabeth J. Stevenson,-Emmdruff and Minnie J. Snow each made excellent and timely remarks, beautiful .tributes to those among whom they had lived in the family relation , and the 'great experience gained by being thus associated,; Those who spoke referred sisters who diad been faithful in all things: Marinda Hyde, Leonora Taylor, ifresendia Khnball and. sisters sang . The wood. Sarepta Hey ' 'Praise to the "man who .communed wiU ; - a to-othe- r . Jehovah." - . all the Aunt , Ziua was then blest--bsisters uniting their faith, Sister X. y. Greene Richards being njouth fn oeriDg ' '. the prayer. r f Sister Zina then spoke in ..the gm oi o. tongues and at the earnest solicitation all present gave the interpretation herse Con; t k:ky to all preconceived ideas a Afterwards all in singing greater-numbecf men than of xvnL God from whomjoined all blessings flow,'.' .a2 the little meeting was dismissed by S1 y fed to lell their aes. E. B. Wells. y ., - r '. '"-- - r-- " 