WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. 90 . of her husband, Apostle Orson Hyde upon President Snow in I. giftrests npoiY Sister. to underhand the signs of the timVs, anJ rr:r r- n l to nivii.-titnin-otteirspoke of them. ; She.fot as if Hofuein ivvivin'i retrenchment.. Thought he successes and ....... teept: oi i..r ik,ik iwkiiv., nn- w maiiv llil 1 tua aud'dnnkitig,. ti mau'V'nor-v:i eating which. t"lv ivt piss'J century, away. Loved to commune-witthe Sain'-anhut hum'iiiitv's. fin's " We are said, "Let iis build each other mi V a IV II Young said: , Srs.N. !.: A N'i there-ino other joy .than to ! Aith 'ilii? "'-spirit ol the living uou Lord." - t' 'Tor ask we heny. Anything A.w.wi II. Sn wy Sister ifardy hoped to beable. to. Pi-in Vice. ligh'cw lsiiesv will b - given us. faithful.' ' Knjoyed the teachings th.it "vvtl'e Sajdwe Hvery face hereh like a 'star."Kaciikl I 1' Ayj.KV, had a right to in spirit ion to help us in our iiven on the anniversary of the birthday C r r e p oY. d in g e c re t a r y Si ,ke of the g'od example Presi- - the Prophet Joseph' Smith. Ai.ick Smvnk Hn v'jKwi:!.!.,' A sister. ;n the meeting bore u !ii Young had set for the people and' Uecurdirig Secretary. Vtry faithful and it: been had and testinjony. a:ii strong luw they t!)LV org .IIakkikt Tayi.om Uiton. '), Sister Home felt that it was hep- that" we -m t! Treasurer.. ; Sister M irth Morris rcpicM that .s!ie listened to each others' testimon' s, audi La ir u a Clav. was always, a feast. - Kelt those wh VL.ri! S :id let us he oue, love one W.V'i po at. Auditor. 10 our Maker. Catin-kindiligent in the different organi itions were Wai oii McCri.i.oi;c;n, anotlu an There were tes'stba' 'A Auditor.-Carkik ur ir Wilcox said she :new heaven's nobility. Sis; this w the a j Church". Klne.v ve would were trying to the aged and aLso ihe youth Chwmn C.vrv, ,r. I f w ' would keep the com "Coin: Kncouraged parents to have their children he r Chairman Org-mmiudmeus f(V).i. Thought the' spirit of attend to their prayers. Said many 'neither retrenchment .s!i uld be brought among us. teach their children nor have family prayers LAtilHS MEMTiN j. ""Si ,ter Julia S. Wo alley believed it was Spoke of the union iu the 22nd ward branch The to teivh our children economy and the great good they had accomplished. ec Meeting was" held November 25, 1S90, at the Usual hour and an! r ire:K haient, for ' the punishments Said we must reconcile ourselves to the Stake. "i '.you K be fulfilled. of,lhe ; place, Counselor L. J. Steveuvm pies' ling. ; .0 ' Morris Sistef Sister Annie T. Hyde felt we should sang "Redeemer of Meeting opened by singing "O.r.akc, hid ielt itvfor a great while. 7 Said Israel."' my slumbering minstrel." by Prayer Sister Webb spoke of the new year. Said Counselor Elizabeth Webb. Singing, our daughters should not follow the fash"Now let us' Tcjoice." Minu'e-- of the ions. Announced that two weeks from' we should cultivate' the spirit that comes that day a lecture would be.'giwn in the fropi.the Lord, which is. humility, long, '.previous meeting read and approved. Sister .Stevenson slid Sister Xin ; I). II. Templeton, at 3 o'clock, the first of a series suffering charity and love. It is necessary that we be chastened, but He will always Voting and herelf had visited Cache Y'dlev on hygiene, anatomy, physiology, last week. mother!: Td, etc., given, by, Dr. succor us if we put our trust in Him. They had in numbers, an l alv a ereat ll r.v of the Hoped we would always be on the Margaret C. K berts and others. and exhorted all to go to the Temple. si)lrit. President Home said she always wore President M. I. IIor;e hoped all had straw hats made at home as long as she Said how would we feel if the Temple were come today to rer. ive a b'essing and had could get them. She believed in wearing closed ? left their car -- s at h me. ha lt we were nros. home made cjotiiing. Another sister felt like' 'acknowledging' .. .permg temporally and spiritually. C.l Meeting adjotinn-- for two weeks Sincr- - the goodness of the Lord. Spoke of the has cli(n us out of the world, am-.- we ing, "Come let us aifew." Benediction by Temple work, and the beautiful influence should 'li examine ourvtve a:M A cua; su ieic on ner return ncme aiier workSisier Clara-Can:o:i. are living the life o'f a Saint. The I,ord ing at. the Temple. has given to his children in the world great Minutesof the meeting held January s, n Sister Brown hoped we would attend to :fot but had givvn to our Temple work. .Sister dC. J. Stevenson pjesiding. She heard President knowledge, they have them' the l)iivilege of the Gospel. Spo'fe of j'o', Snow, say, that the one who did work for the wonderful inventions ar.d discoveries counselor iv. w eon., singing, Lome the dead was a savior to that person, and it iy since the organization of the Chim.h, and us anew. ' ' Muites of previous meeting would certainly be recorded to his or her x Uv. 4vread by Ss er A T. Hylek the secretary credit.-like) viWi.i. yw. could not be brought to tliis land so safely bj'jig absent ;rom Inane. A sister (name unknown) spoke of Temwithout" the modern Improvements. Our Sistef K. V. Steven s..);i spoke of beginning ple work." Said if we worked for the dead w enemies can take everything, of a temporal' the year arigiit, Said, "Do not speak evil we would be blest. nature from us, lut they cannot take the ofone another, let us try to improve ourSister Mary Morris said, "It seems just . ' God is selves in t!iis respeet ." Sp )ke of the faith- as good to me to. work for my neighbor as v testimony of the Gospel. of persons. He has bestowed upon fulness of Mrs. M. A. Hyde, who was for myself," referring to Temple work. in those the world much useful know ledge, present and would speak to us. Spoke of Sister Martha .Morris bore her testimony but to us He has given higher duties, Temour children the need of retrenchteaching ple, work, etc. ment, never run in debt and impress our remarks about the necessity of having the Dr. 1C. S. Harney spole of the faithfulchildren never to. Spoke of the death of annual meetings continued. ness of President Home, and thouehi e.e F. I). Richards, the friend, of woman. Said The congregation joined in 'singing the should hold up her hanils.as tliose of Mose- - U be exemplary mothers and missionaries, Doxology, and prayer was offered by Sister were held up. Said: ."She has been guided lor there is great need of' missionary work-herAnnie T. Hyde. her works 3k by inspiration, as speak fur r. As as. abroad. Annik T. Hyde, Sec. pro km. you labor God will reward you," Sister Klia Angel Jelt that weTiad had a Sister Jane James and jSi.-tButterworth glorious meeting-a- t our confeience. She ' each made good remarks.-had heen in the Cliurch forty-f- i ve' years. Miss, Abbie 'Eastman, of Phcenrx Sister Lula Greene Richards s: we of. the Sister Wright, SSier Sarah Phelps and. A.riz., inherited five copper claims three old Retrenchment Association anil the'neces--sit- ) another sister .(name unikupwii) spoke upon years ago, and has been working ever since ..of reviving these- things again .Spoke interesting, subjects', and "a'"sister sah a in California and Arizona to earn the money of the covenant she had entered into .with todiold them until they could be iiymu. required many other sisters, iu the Tabernacle, by Sister M. A: TIy.de never came hem W.' developed and sold. She has always been request of President Young, that she would sne felt til sweet spirit that was manifest obliged to earn her own bread but with the wear plain hats. And she knew- if nit .these meetings. - In the year .iS'43, she sight of a fortune before her she worked be more plainly dressed, retrench; weiit to an n evening harder than ..ever. She per sere red, and it, aim v.vAu auyKC 111 not 'follow the lashions; of Babylon, we u agues, an gh it was her first attempt lately sold one claim for $45,000. - would be moie iflc'ssed. 'at Mie ma the priWWej5f. speaking Sist('r A Int. il -..,!.. ' .1. heart: trie t'rouhet los-o- h v wh-tJ . . Mrs... Admiral Dewey startled Washn ', f..tt.-j " j nue lonovv aim anII ineiasiiions j of the world and 'I4 uun-- s mkt. transpire.m the last days ington society by announcing thatnvomen wished to be one who. would dress plainly, ih v. i.Yui'a.t.u;. ,,ltl, ul 1NC Uk,, ears nngie. b he felt as well as men would be welcome at her for she- knew it tcHe,m'iore pleasing .to the' to pin her mist irf the Lord.V Not mnnv New Year's rerpnfinn This i; the revival! Lord.mive vealth, we are blessed if we a custom that was abolished in Cleveland 's S i s l e r J u ia C, II o vvfc- belie v eu t.li e s.sn e luye suiiieiemiur the day. Said it teas the J' a cEinistration, v.-Let us' then close the century with a vention which' shall be- - jubibv . cm. - . pn'p-u.d;ur- i rcsl th't it . - . -rne. ! ; h " ' d . . . , . s of-th- - id'-nt- : e . L-r- . . , . ? -- w w.-rk- . " " - hhv-ed- - ' , 1 . StiMI-MDNTHh- Semi-Moiithl- Y . rv y dc-visio- n : re-trenc- ii, ' ' - wife-aoo- l, :e.-I!en- t watch-towe- r ! . d ' 1 ' C. Il v. ; t - -- 11 or e -- - w-L- - . er S ; - we-woail- V I. d TMMf-tit- r - .i 1 1 ' . i . : 11 1 v ; ' - 1 , - 1 ' v 