WOMAN'S KXPONFXT. " TIu- d open Lulls' - . u ti i i y i . cel g jW.ster .ii,ri ,::icvi esL of a!! M 'A'.: it loHIC :? MU aw.-i.visiting" ui '.v. no minutes' to re. id. ' i 'i poor in i. :;ug.' was and we had.. I V I,.' Ashed Sister I,. secret ary for. the a kindly offering fur the 1 a-- , by 'the' Davis Sine G. They-hru- hi-- l Tif wf v. - testimony of .Jesus while upon the earth. was so impres sed by her dream sister ' that she commenced from that time to be vali.mt, amr is now a g)od fiithtuf worker and a bright speaker in t'he Relief Society. Sister 'Margaret Gardner and another sister, whose name was not ascertained by the secretary, spoke encouragingly and prayed "for the 'prosperity "of Zioii, that the mothers would teach their children to pray as a safeguard against many evils. SisUr Martha Morris sang, very sweetly,, "The Uials of the present day." Others bore testimony of the truth of the Gospel, tlie efficacy of prayer. .Sister vSmellie, byt permission of President "A Thread Horne, , .read the poem, l foii'n airs or stTTo'l-- to f' distributed '.nul 'she would hand" them over to the sisters for the. poor of' their wards at the c!(Kt' the meeting. 'She then asked the sisters 'to occupy thctime. Counselor data C. Lanuon bore to the!'; truUi of the and s id die Kit thai, it would lea ten i hie thin;; to Related some o! her; that testimony. expel ieiiees' and praycif thai we might so. live as never to have our testimonies diminished, hut that they might grow Sister Julia C- Howe toilowed hi the iame line the previous speaker h id taken up. ' Gave as a key by whi n rto know it we are.reaih enjoying the kslimouv of the. we hn e our hredir--:au.l spirit of God, ' sisters and all our Father's children." By of is love Christ can tliat tlie we j:no.v this, abiding" with us. - 'V sisier i.i iae eongiegaiaou ih.ic a iau.1-fu- l testimony to the truth, of the Gospel". Sister.-MSilver' spoke oi the blessingswhich certainly f dlow tin pa inf of tithing as well as obedience to all the commandments oi t jod. Counselor" La J. Stev :Us n exhorted the sisters to'doo! alter the Miifering ones; hi: missionaries at home mid always iu the alert to do good. ' We mu-.- t see to it that no. hard feelings exist in our heath: toward any one. Sp.ak no evil; .set "proper ex"The amples hefore our children always. rain falls on the just and 'tlie unjust,' hut, of the Lord will not dwell in tini holy temples. We. must he pure'. Sister Bat nes spoke of the importance of looking aft.er the pur. Temple work; als-onewly arrived Saints, "not leaving them to feel lonely, hut showing our love for our children d); takin'au interest in their welfare and'hein kind td'tkehi. Sister Perry said truly she had wondered why she should be the-- oniy one r father's family to accept the Gostid. But she had found, it was that slie- nnlit labor In tlie Temple for her dead' kindled-- ' Sister Reed told "of her Jiavine; been an invalid for years, yet how. the Lord yvo.s blessing her now, renewing her strength to the surprise of. lier friends. Counselor.- - Sarah J Cannon" spoke of tile progress tlie' sisters were making and of the necessity of the younger sisters being. initi ated into the Relief Society woik, that they may be prepared whey the burdens .of the business, which triacialy by rest shall r.p.ni them.; the older Ones, and to faithfulness in all diligence cheerfulness and among all dispensing love in come we contact, bestowing with whom Wastef ully, to those whom we wisely, not - ' should comfort and'succor. Y . Yates, president of Sister" i vli zabe theMiilard Stake Relief Society, was by i'.iejsident Horne and addressed the Spoke ot the joy she felt in meeting. She'ai-heaqug the voces of her sisters ays looked foj! the 'reports of these nieet-insj- s tn the Kxponknt and enjoyed read- "ivf-- - i " Go-pe- l, i lo.-e- tr-ighle- - -- ;if - i -- s - . of-he- - ; : . Jt)x-horte- d' ' 1 1 n intio-duce- d Bemedieti-- a . I Counselor A.melii Madden. Aftern.oon session. Sjngino; dearest Lord' descend and dwl'H." Braver 'Uy Counselor Diyid P. Burt. Singing1 "Ve simple souls who stray." Roll called, thirteen wards present outvof sixteen. Minutes ot tae previous coniereuce, session, were read iyjjje correst.oad. Tii'e. Slake reing. secretary and accepted. read. also were ports Counselor David P. Burt then l the following names of sisters wlw.liatrhVen. as officers in the Third ward Relief Society, Brigha m City: President, Li.ie Burl; counselors, K'mma Lee rmd Prederica .Maria Peterson; secretary, or Thought1'.. Sister Decker told" of some of her exper- Phillips; assistant secretary, Rose Keelev Fourth' Sophia, Thompson. iences which had given her a testimony of treasurer, " Ward: President, Sarah Wilde; counselors. tlie truth of tlie iospel. Several 'other whose names were not Klizabeth Wrigu.t and Martena Ptilipler; known to the shsters on the stand, spoke of secretary,- Lulu B. Call; assistant secretary, their love for the work of tlie Lord, and the ICmiiy Brown; treasurer, .Maria Hansen. Tlie officers.vefe1 all umtnousiy su,sai::ed. comfort they found in striving to' live their Sister IC. B. Wells addressed the conference. religion. ."sister Bassett said she hud visited other Spoke, of the growth of the Relief Socie ty, there wasuothmg satisfactofy its great magnitude and made a specialty of do whatto her in any religion but that believed in silk culture, encouraging all-t- o ever they could towards, advancing the imSaints. by 'the Litter-daOther .sisters made remarks, all harmon- portant industry; also spoke impressively tlie .high 'calling and privileges, of the izing with those of the previous speakers. ' on women ,of Ziou, the great blessing tlie Ke-- , Sister'. Bateman related an instance of remarkable healing in her family,; through lief Society had been to alJ who' had been members,, and what a superior education faith and the administration of the' priest be .acuuired through . mi'jht hood. ry - .laboring o in this M. President Isabella Home in orgauizatieu for practical charity, and the s structed the s'sters regarding the impor- uplifting of humanity.' Urged the. to take p:rt in the work. tance of v.eking first the kingdom" of God Spoke feedingly cf obedience and faithfulKCss in and It's righteousness, trusting him to l I lis promise tint all other, filings should attending to our duties. ' Sister Jane S, Richards related her be ;uhLd. L. L. Gkkknk Richards.' past experience; we have to be reconciled to things that take place. Advised the 1... t. i!..r o e.... . t J rt sisiei s 10 joiii ine lveiiei oocici. ouiii S. R. REPORTS. fi "S.. President P. Boothe made .a; ' BOX ial)KK STAKK. remarks,' and after singing Doxology benediction was .pronounced by. President r The Relief Society conference of "KH'a Watkius. Conference adjourned until Stake was held in the Tabernacle. at Origha,ni City, June 12, 1900,- - President P. September. .. Oi.ivk Bvw'atkk, Cor. Sec. B ooth presiding. "Awake ve ' Singing Box Klder Stake R. S. S.ii u t s ofGod , a wa k e. ' ' Braver sel'or Con n y Louisa Peters. Singing, MIIew great the P. 7 thedose of the conference joy.. that premised day." 211 officers meeting was held in whiclrmany Arhe Stake officers were on were tlie questions asked and" much good inpresent stand and of. the General Board Jane S. struction was given to those, desiring' ' Richards and Kmmeliue, B Wells, also formation. Sarah A. Herrick. of Ogden. I1KA.VKR STAKK. Minutes cf the..' previous conference,, . morning- session, were read by tlie secretary Conference of the Beaver Stake Relief and accepted, ; was" held in the Society hall, in rresident S. P. Booth was pleased to Society Beaver, City, Utah; May T r, 1900, com-be able to meet under such favorable circumstances and wished to give as much mencing at te'rr .o'clock a', m... rresent on the stand of the sisters were time as possible to our visitors. " Staice Presidio nO YA Qinhprd and. President Jensen, of Mantua, President Counselors M. A. White; Ward Presidents Summerville; of Honeyville, President J. W. IJickley. Winnie Miller, and Susan Annie S. Johnson, of the First Ward " Roberts; M. A. Toiton and Brigharn City, gave favorable reports of Sarah Walker; of the brethren, Bishops tiieir respective wards. Ueorge Mumford, George Eyres, and others. President Jane S. Richards snnkp nf Meeting opened, by singing 4T saw a own imperfections, if we were perfect our- - j mighty angel fly." Prayer by Elder John -- hovv-ing ' alter-!ioo- :i . p;e.-cut- e . - ' chu-ches,-b- i ' "tome tollow.jue." " ' . f o .' . mgw . . thf-st.hi- :',A . : . - j meeting ) count:' t'o'.-- ct : I ; S'lV I Greene' RicVoais Told meeting. I.1 ;y-.N- - - -- i niercv.Oi The sisters ofulie Relief j.10 for others.g j.as are doing. their part to .help along, k'oiin.died an sue dreamed She "testimony. seled the sisters to'be united. to a most beautiful man s n. Sister Sirah A. Herrick, of Ogdeu t(o'. Theiv a testimony meeting was liehig held The sister's die tit great pleasure in listening to the mimgeT' by some o'f the S'vnts Lgobd al way comes from doing our Viutv lilLd with joy a:id gratitu.ie that she was rresiueni iiunoaru, 01 wiiiard.' spoke of felt she must get up and bear her testimony, of ihe.Iml that will be thy given nut 'she was not permitted to spe tk there to allblessings His who commandments. keep in the valiant because, she had not been it' oVl :d p. t:i., president M. I. siding, .ougmg,. "ComV.rcun , y.e .s.fint. i,! ' - 1 1 i:i 2 -- Home S. u I cr selves we wouui nave big them. Told of a visit of a Msterd b Stake, who had been back ward in LA DIES' ut y . j ' , - A young-sister- ful-iil- . ' , , 1 ,'1 v - i 1 ' feu-closin- ''.-- Box-IClde- ; S-- " 1 fter in-- - , ' " " '' 1 Vice-Presiden- ' .. nr' ts . 