WOMAN'S KXPONKXIV will be to Varus anothervillage, and espy some dis- ters do, and .1iow much better it Vou will be gla'd when you tance from ..the road the Pond House, where; iegin young. who many Mormon meetings were held and we nliin'lv discern the pond where a great many baptisms wen- periormed in the years '41 The house, the form ami the in,! '1? poY?d be longed to Stillman Pond who died i!!H! years ago in Cache Valley, and who has left a large posterity to honor his name, - the graudlather of Sister Alniiia Merrill, .Merrill) and great' wife of (Apostle. M. grandfather of Professor Joseph- Merrill, of the I : tali University. One of his younger- stiiis is president of Bannock Stake- of Zion in Idaho, and one or more are now From this part of filling missions abroad: Massachusetts come also the Woodbury's, 'well known for their zeal in the Gospel, the Haskeils, the Aikens, the Pomeroys and others who have' .been true and faithful in the Church. j . - K.X-iK'NKN- - ' ' We-drov- Whitcrnore's to e corner, wln ie Sister Pallas had said "good bye' to our blessed mother when . she forsook her home she loved so well, her children dearer and with the three youngest th.:h life began the longhand then tedious journey to Xauvoo, bidding tliose she left behind the lat Farewell though she knew it not, for her faith was great, and her hoes were . .. brig lit. ' '" it-e- lf, . Aunt ' Km'. organized meet the Prophet Joseph", who those this society, tbat'ou are among carried out his instructions. sIIe was like an angel when he p ke to us, many times his face was transparent' "Time, is 'President F. A. Hammond: Society meetings are very precious to us. attended. among the veiy'best I have ever The sisters in" Moab had a good time at their anniversary meeting. March 17. I realize the necessity, of sustaining the I have felt many times that it was worthy lie kit support than it received from the sixers. In my travels and journeying all the couiury round, I meet with the sis ters in their organizations and try to en" Courage them in their duties; "and storing up wheat is one- of the obligations of the society, home, have done more than others. These aged s1svttris who preside some of them I have known over fifty years. I rejoice to see them, here today and to behold their faces, and I pray the Lord to bless them and to give them life and health as long" as they desire it on the earth. Counselor Angeline Hinckley, ofMillaid Stake , spoke. of t!ie lung trips' they had to 'make by team when visiting the country; yet- they always felt biesViutljjchly repaid for any weariness or inconvenience. They of the in different the held conference parts the Stake. President ".Zina I). H. Voting blessed the sisters. There was a motion made to thank the choir and all these who had taken part in the" music, which "carried unanimously. sang "Should vou feel" inclined ' to censure. " Conference adjourned for six mouths. .Benediction by President Zina D. H. Voting. K. B. Wki.i.s, Secretary. ' T, , - ' GENERAL CONFERENCE i RELIEF SOCIETY Conclusion. ' ) Counselor lilleu Thueson, of Sevier Stake, said they had held their last conference in Grass Valley and the sisters in that locality turned out well and they had a good time, aUo On the 17th of March the meetings wereverv euiovable. President B. W. Smith spoke very about sustaining the Kxponknt, tell it was the duty of the sisfeis, all who She had. were abk to take it and read it. taken it from the beginning, and could not do without it, it contained many matters necessary for the sisters and much historical data. Urged the sisters to labor fiv the Temple, not to neglect their dead, ifCthey-di- d their sorrows would be great in a day' to im-"piessive- ly ' The-choi- r OAK C K rs K AN N IV , Minutes '.of the. Oak Creek W.o-meeting, held March PreMdeiit. Caroline K. I;ynum Singing by the choir., "Prayer J,.;4 -, ' Continiied- Arhyman. - wit-- r" sxinj.MU llishop Peter Anderson n; .'r" timely remarks.. Song entitled' r .iiihtt'r" of Zion., the Friends, of the Pu.,!'' Susan Finllnson, Rebecca Ja :i ;r!;! Annie L. Henderson. Stake iV:Kr Ivlizabeth Vates then sj)oke to u xluties a"s members of the societ l;j Jif '., Vates,, of Scipio, also made a few :a ::urV and President Caroline K. Lym .is i',kj Marv M. Lvmui :. .'! .i, .short time. minutes of the first Relict Soeiet;. j;.,.. held in Xauvoo. Singing by the vhui.r benediction by Brother Cieorge I' ui in, Refreshments were, then scnv arul a nice, sociable tinie was enjoyed bV ill, i . , . ' -- , ANNik L. ApKKSo.N, . Sec. UTAH STAKK . the 27th of ..April we held our quarterly coiiforeiiceof the Relief Soc;et- of t;j. Stake at Manila Ward, near '"pleasant On We had a fine time with"aVer j"cf"" large "alteti ance of brethren ainl Grove. They uiade soi.ne changes in their liuan! Directors at their annual meeting. in rtiary, which they will forwa.rd "m in future. Since the above date we haw ,,f th-nea- r visitu!-Spriugville- , Spaui-1Mapletori, I',,rk. Salem and Pay.sou. We had a profitable time at. each )lace, laying before thes-tertheir duties in the Relief Sirietva members, aiuj our obligations in tbis, ;. - s work, advising them and liberal, etc. Some are very'" enthusiastic in building granaries to st.re more wheat this corning season. There Latter-da- y tn'k-charitabl-e are-tw- U. . -- R. S. REPORTS. ; . V. P. C. new granaries in dedicate! to the Lord this year, and one nearly finished and others anticipating' to build in the near future, by barvest time, if jh'si-ble- , and getting houses for meetings u!n " ' is their theme. I believe all are advancing in Relief Society work and 'desire to learn mxiieoi W.e are having the work of the Lord. new bishopric in the Stake, hence new Relief Society branches. new Bishop ,in the suburbs of Spanish Fork cal'ed upon me inviting the presidency of the Relief Society of this Stake to visit the new ward, to help organize a Relief Society in Leland Ward.. Brother Markham being'BHiop, he Tlie was present with his counselors. officers are: Maria Scoville, president: Ruth MargaretChish lorn , first , Bowen, Sarah Markham and Kmuia Cam-mack, directors; Mrs Margaret Davis, 'Jerome Jensen and Mary A. Thomas";--trustedThey were very united on the nouiinations and I think they will work .with There has been several chang in the Relief Society in the last annua; meeting which will, be forwarded, to you this-count- The regular meetmg of the U. W. P. C-was held in the PxVonknt. office, AprjJ 30, 1900, the, president in .the .iiair, 'Opening B Dr. Romania Pratt. Quotaprayer by tions from Ruskin. Acommtmication saying that badges could be obtained by memcome. bers of the, club was read; also a communiPresident Jane S. Richards: "Our cation irom the General Federation conI hope we meeting is never long enough. our dues. It was decided by the shall all remember what Sister Zina has cerning club that since we have withdrawn from told us today, let us pray that she may live the General Federation our dues will not be and vet visit many Stakes of Zion. Brother sent. A communication was read concernHammond has said the Relief Society ing our delegate to Milwaukee. The club "meetings are the best he has ever attended. decided to send, no delegate. The presiI feel that they are the best for us." Sister dent reported from the club council. The Richards spoke very sweetly about the council the club ladies of asked, the city to children and babies, told a story of being in ten cents each to pay bring some noted a meeting when the brothers or Bishop lecturer here to the next Annual State asked those who had babies to stay do wu Federation to be held in October. Mrs. StlM XVfl tl't tllf KlKioo in A(lr luuma J. McVicker spoke in favor of havcome up around the stand. We want to ing some one come. Dr. R. B. Pratt moved begin with the children while they are small we pay .the tern cents; Ruth M. Fox and train them to go to meeting and love seconded carried'. The subject of estabit, and we u ho are older can begin, with our a free .Kindergarten was also reLet us be diligent-.1"alk lishing grandchildren. ferred to; after which the program was our duties, pay our donations, ncw'tuis ten carried oiit as"iollows: cent donation is not onecent a month, there Bessie Shirley gave a talk on mines arid has to be money to carry on this work, , mining and. a chain discussion was entered you cannot have a celebration everywhere, by all memherjap resent on the best Way but we can do whatever is practicable in the intp to obtain obedienceom .children. locality. "In Ogden we always have a Closing prayer by Ruth MTox. good sized conference, the people, turn out Grace Andkksox. Rec. Sec. well. We do want to have our yiftmg girls . tl-w- . - vice-preside- ; nt . - shortly. - . . Vours verv respectfully, M..J.OHN- - , Ex-Que- kn . v.iiniL awn jwtit nil XI wiuticij, lOey are young, girls now Jhey will grow older anddiave to take theii part as the older sis Wilkins has just started journey Aiiirope. ' Mjis Maky on her first K. mpleted has. coa volume and lias applied for a cop)'; the LiLiuoKALANi. right certificate, giving the name of book; as The:. Hawaiian T? adit ion of Creation. --- ---. W - 