WOMAX'S 128 Violin solo, by Samuel. Xcwto.n, bom llie Nineteenth OiK-s- Waal.' ions ami answers on the life Is from of Joseph Smith, by two., little I met, by two the Twenty first- Ward little, fcirls from the Seventeenth Ward. Mandolin solo, by Kltie br;vnin, fioiu from the XT-- - J Utah' Silk Commission, has issued a circular letter, prospective silk culturists, a : - the Third Ward. Counselor Joseph 1C. Taylor 'addressed " the conference. Kxprcsscd ejeat pleasure in listening to 111 exercises by the children, pave good counsel and advice, especially to the boys in regard o swentim; and being Said children should honor destructive. , olx-ytheir pi rents and teachers," their and love and counsel cannot Ie 'txceled. Asked the children 'why we were brothers and Said it was because we were sisters? baptized into theChurch of Jtstis Christ.. Spoke words of piflise for teachers ami children. Praved Ood to bless us. President Nellie C. Taylor, of the Y. L. M. I. A.', complimented the children on their good behavior" and urged them to be Related an instance of a little prayerful. boy coasting, who came very nearly being killed, and knew he was saved because he had said his priyers that morning. A duet' was rendered by. Silva and Frances Vowley, from the First Ward. President I.ouie H. Felt, of the General Hoard, said she had listened with pleasure to the sentiments that had been given; .was alsf) pleased with tire huge attendance of children. what Urged them to Brother Taylor had said to them. in regard to obeying parents and teachers. Wanted and be a little to boy every missionary girl and bring some one ..with them to" the next conference. By request the childreu.from the- Fleventh Ward gave another motion song. President Zitn I). II. Young, of the Relief Society, spoke a few words to the children in regard to having, faith to be healed; made other remarks. Singing," "We thank Thee, O God for a Benediction by Master Kli prophet." Ktias.m, of the Thirteenth Ward. , Ki.la V. U.W. P. C. Hvpk, Sec. The U. W. P. C. held , its regular meeting in the Kxtonknt office, on. March 21, 1900, the president, Mrs. Schiller, presiding. Opening praytr, Ruth M. Fox-Throll' was called, members responding with original sentiments, after which the. business-beforthe club-waconsidered. second The circular on the Industral Problem was read, and the president reThe Conported from the club council. sumers League was then discussed. A communication was'read regarding the edu, cational work. Mrs. 'Wells announced to the club that Mrs; Charlotte Perkins Stetson would be here on the 251a of April. A recommend-ation was read asking for the names of the club, after which the flowing program was carried out: A poem composed by Lucy A. Clark, entitled "Wedding Bells," was read by Ruth M. Fox. Phebe C. Young read a on Manilla, and Aimee C. Schiller paper ' t Invents. It was decided that the club hold a special meeting during the month, invite the Reapers' Club to meet with us and have Ktnnia J, McVicker talk on education. Prayer, Rebecca' Doolau. e e ; "Tlie' Utah Siik "Commission desires to call attention to the fact that the time for FAVORITE ' we trust and silk raisingagain trponus r v iS" that those who intend entering upon the 5 PJCTO work this year will write to us at once for Those who are taking up the work l.etive Suit l.til;e fit;. eggs. lor the first time will kindly state the miniN'.. f. Th" "V i M ill" f .r Cii'w.m St. 1m ;i. v lli'!l-OjH iflt, , "ber and size of the trees from which they 't Cit) Iill,' y l'.irk can" obtain leaves;1 also the number of perf r i')u r iff! !.!!. N',i. .i ., ' I,mjSt, K.i'i,H r.iu!, (l.'ii;tl(, I'.ly i' sons who can give" their time during the l'nir... V' for Chic latter period of the raising season, so that No. Th i:i.rs" K.iii0:n.i!i r is i, ., l",iiJ, Ciljrwri We will be able to seiuj the necessary quanStilt I.tthe tlty. "Z N .. 5 Th "Wis Arrive tity of eggs. M.ili" fr..T!i" Chira., st. I. r i!i K.ifi- "We also desire to state tint eggs can be J' ty, l Ct v...; obtained from the commission free, and we Tm' "(iwr;,inl l.hul'v.!'" from Chi I. would-prefeH,i un City .in r even one who is uoing to 3 from e'lUu.t,. l'.i.'.a l.xjirc-- '' raise the worms to have seed from Usy-nI'.iu!, s. I.onl, Oiii h,i, K.m.i ';ty .u r. we provide a quality which givesa much , t. better result thai those raised by people t irv TicKi;r')rih i:, n. M. LAY. We will also send hayiug.no experience. pamphlet of instructions free to those wish- ing any information upon the subject. "We trust that many people throughout the State have already planted numbers of And when you ;jvt a uoj!;-mulberry trees, and have been watchful with Zion's ' Savings l;u.k in lest, any of those which have are ( grkri uvii:'onipany. the oldest and We also wish danger of being destroyed. in I'tah. to say to those who have trees, and do not Sinct- th: (.tablishrnciit hank cai;e to use them, that they. may do a great wo li:iV'; opened more than '.t.'n ?av. deal' towards establishing this important ' in's aeetants. industry by allowing others to use the The laws of "Utah p ri! i: r. leaves, and w e assure you that it will only and also children who av.- n. !;;,,; benefit the trees eyen" if they are stripped to ojH-saving.-- accounts in- tla-lseveral times, they will soon become much iiav. name, suhje-- to their own oi more thrifty, and this will also be a means vou such an account, U of disposing ol the iTuit which is sometimes one NOW an annoyance, especially when trees are Wc FOUR I'KII K.T - is-- , K.Ul-- , 1 Tin-'"Ov- t M 1 i ;t.-.- r -, I 'Atl.i-itlv- r - . , i 1, . !iv.-r . i 1 ,t- 1 ..-- K r I N !i- I j- - -r rj -' s r-- ."TTN- -r ; i j j j j Save Your 'Money! . j Iavj-ttan- j j ' f - t j i -- un:-.-wome- - - , t planted on the'street. "As a whole, the commission feels very much encouraged with, the" results of last years work, and trust it will be very much increased this year. 'All communications should be addressed to Margaret A. Caine, Secretary Utah Silk Commission, Salt Lake City, Utah. 90',; - anv ainounL froai lar to thousands, and co;:.ip intenst four times a year. WKITK for anv information desired. wa- dol - " Snow. Pr T. (;ko!n;i; M. Cannon, (;'ahior Main Street. Lohkn'zo Nos. -5 The Most Convenient local Train Service in ..... the State is given by the r ; M. F. pav OF AMERICAN WOMEN wash dishos three times each daw If von ae one m, tr.ese. vear a nan- of "(lot Hlvear" Ruhln-( loves and .always have soft, white hands. Seat mail i)t.'St)a:l. '.on roeeint of K'y Agents by wanted. Addrc-- s. M. O. Dept., Reese Supply Co., Setauket, . N- OREGON SHORT LINE - RAILROAD. K. THomfls FIVF Fast Daily Trains uou tuM. vii Fach Way between oiivj uyuii. . ) Rsmoved to 67, 69 & 71 Main St.. " SALT LAKE CITY. See that your tickets read 4( ia the '5 SHORT LINE - "1 read-Curren- G rack PEOPLE'S copy of which here follows; s . ' THE Mrs. Margaret A. Caine, secretary of thn t ' KXPONKNT. LETTKk TO SILK KAISERS. Waicl. KU.-vent- - ' ne Leaumo; Retail. ' Cassji House. CITY TICKET OFFICE And Get the best for tickets to all points, 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Uah. Andkksgn, Sec. . S. W. ECCLES, Genl Tfc. Mgr. D. E. BLRILV, CP. . , U. A n 