WOMAN'S KXI'ONHNT. lUlvjrlipse alL that has' heretofore been -- " contemplated. officers 1ms already As a list of u sines'-oforwanhd to the secre'tary, it is as most of. them them unknown, and we will, therefore, let their future works praise thctiL It is tbubtiess understood Iy all members, present that tin- Utah society is incorporated and thr.tr though little has been done in, the past, as we are still in babyhood, yet we hav.e '"Great Kxpcotatious 'and look' forward to the time when the General. Society will honor. Utah .by holding "its annual meeting, in 'the vailey of the 'Great Salt Lake, where only half a century ago the Great' American Desert lay barren and desolate, 'peopled ..only by savages. "Our members, with the exception of the writer, were all born and reared in that region, yet their heritage of free- ai:d they hold as . dom is like your own". dear and as precious the' gifts bequeathed from their, honored ancestry, freedom, , liberty and individual responsibility. Should you come and hold your annual.. meeting in Utah, you would receive a royal welcome to our hearts and homes', and behold the grandeur ot the everlasting hills that .stand like sentinels around our valley, and1 the lamous Salt Lake, the Dead Sea of America. ? We congratulate the General Society on the standard of excellence it has attained, and so far 'as the Utah society may be able to assist, we pledge its support to help forward this patriotic movement in every way possible with hearts and hands and earnest endeavors; fer we in the Wes like our Kastern sisters, are devo.ted heart and soul to the principles ot American Independence. eVCU necd-lessto'gi- ve he-r-e wou-M-- - . inter-mounta- ia . -- ways nacl atteiuieu tuese meeting" since uu-gTiiuatlon ITty ears.ago and was thinkful she had had the privilege. Sioke of the . ,.t .... UIU !.. 1....(.III u. n IlUti til.. llVi llli. l"Ui Uellll Ul r'U .,...1 shown to her that he wouhHovj nothing, his premature 'death. Spoke. of Hie necessity of prayer,- and that this is a progressive Wished the young listers would religion. meet with the elder sisters, ielt it would be such a help to them in raising their children. Realized it was necessary for us to do Temple work. The, congregation sang' "The trials of the present day," led by Sister Martha .Morris. Sister R. R. Grant said she hived the society of the Saiut, felt to thank all lor their laith in her behalf in the prayers that She had lfiad beeir)fTered for her hearing. visited all the Temples and had been baptized in all of them. her acSpoke--o- f quaintance with the mother of the Prophet Joseph and "others associated with him. Believed we were-th- e most blessed people on the earth. .Felt we should set a good example' before our children and how it was for the young people to prepare themselves to carry on this work of the Lord? Sister Dora Pratt, from Mexico, said she was a teacher in the Relief Society there. They were far away, but were striving to work in unison with the society, here. She felt, that the women of the Latter day Saints had great and grand privileges. Sister K." Webb felt that the good that can be accomplished by the society was un- limited, wondered what we should do without it. Spoke of the great gift of faith, and how if should be cultivated among us,, related how she was healed by the power of faith. Spcke of "the many temptations sur- i - - I . j I'-lf- ! fa mi e 1 : . niemorate the occasion. J. P M.f Cor. S,, . . cm-s'ncKVucLi)- . The Relief Society celebrated annivirav day; Match 17, iiycx), by fasting and pYa v .Meeting was presided over by President Coh'imbia V. Loyeland. Singing, Pray,;, A. Toleman. J Singing. Th J roll wa.v called' and' minutes of meeting held one year ago were read. Sister Mary K. Parker read an article oV, the organization of the Relief Society, of tbe Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints The meeting was then given into the hands of. the brethren rnd sisters present to occupv in bearing their testimonies. Sister Mar A. Call, Stake president, :t'.t thankful when the president- spoke ab.i-acelebrating in fasting and prater; was also thankful that none had been laid" away since ouj-- last celebration. Spoke-t- o the mothers about living lives Worthy of imitation. Alice Yancey and Ann Sessions, conns to President Lovelaud, felt that it was good to fast ami come and speak of tl? goodness of God towards us. President C: V. Loveland was. pleased to see so many present., especially as the sisters felt thai they were: doing their duty and thought it would do us good to fast. Sister Sarah M. Call, counselor to j)resident, asked the Lord to helpms live unitedly. Sisters M ary A Toleman and .i a ry V. Muir each b re faithful testimonies to the work we are. engaged in, also Sisters Martha Reese"" Rosetta' Loveland and Klizabeth Loveland spoke--othe gcudues.s . ' at thehnuu.e ek-.Many lric-mand daughter. tuVs met in honor of lier birthday, ';,? pleasant time. was enjoyed by all. Sister M'ary A. Dover, an active-,!ber ot our iciety,alsi) reached the sj x War of hel aifcon tile 20th of thU in,;- and' her numerous family, with m, friends assembled at her. home t r, ot-tll- . - nec-cessar- r.ieiubel - Bi.-dm- p y y . - t -- . ' rounding us. Sister Silver spoke of the blessing that I HLY MEETING. LADIES' tithing paying Jind been to her, felt that the The Ladies .Meeting was Lord was so good to us. The path of duty held in the Fourteenth Ward hall, April is the path of safety. i . with Counselor Kli.abeth J. Sister Buttcrworth spoke of her experience I'h, Stevenson presiding. Singing, "Though in crossing, the plains, and how God had nations Counselor Ilizabeth blessed her. She was' the mother of eigh Prayer, Webb. "Welcome best of all teen children. Singing, Minutes of January 6, good President Home related a dream of Presiof (iod towards, them, .'alsoof the good read ,n:d approved. rjvot dent Woodruff; also ..related how her grandwork we are engaged in. Piesideat Home came in and addressed children had been healed We then had instrumental "music by byjaith. ' the meeting:. "WC as sisters are thankful Sister Bateman bore a testimony of the Charlotte T ol cm ai r, a ft e r w h ich S i s te rs Fa u e for the day that these meetings were orfrom Kamas, Call. Clara Jenson, Mary Loveland, Dora truth,, and sisters The come here and are ganized. Summit Co., said she felt thankful for the Barlow and Klla Toleman bore their testiled the bread of lib nd their burdens are privilege of attending these meetings and monies. The has.a deal adversary lightened. great of being a member of the Church. She Bish()p Tdemau said he had lieen well more power than we think and we must had been a member s fifty "years. paid in coining and listening to the gain strength to resist this power." . Spoke Counselor Stevenson admonished all to of the sisters. Was thankful for of the trials of. Job and how he proved himteach their, children and grandchildren the the labors. the sisters had done-ithis ward. self faithful. to God. '"We must be Very principles, of the .if Counselor Carlos Loveland said this was Gospel, ypu do not charitable and not judgy one another harsh- understand the' first the Relief Society meeting he ever atprinciples, get some one We who can explain them. ly, but cleanse and purify ourselves. tended, but hoped it would not be theHart,. must not find fault with the authorities. Tor four Meeting adjourn weeks, every he thought the sisters a'great help. When the law is given us it is oiu dutv to other is the officers meeting. Brother Nickles, of Salt Lake Co., felt at Singing, obey." ' Benediction home.Doxology. S. as he felt the same spiiit that existed Wool ley! by J. Sister Barrc v said she knew we had to A. Julia Wooi.kv, Sec. everywhere among ' the Saints. He had be tried "and proven Believed the mothers also enjoyed the meeting very much. had a great responsibility to bear, we must Sisters Klka Toleman, Mary Reese, Clara live near unto God, never neglect our, ANNIVERSARIES., Laird and Annie. Moss each bore their .testiprayers and teaching our children the princi-'ple: . V monies. CEDAR CITY. of the Gospel. ' President C. F. Loveland thought the S'ster Johnson said she felt thai our beine: March,,; was 'celebrated hv th Keliei time had been-weltaken up, had enjoyed here today was an evidence that we have a N)Cia I'.olding a meetinir in- the Tab-- r. the remarks of her brethren and sisters. testimony?" Said she knew this was the. nacl-eThe Usual opening exercises were Minutes were then read and accepted, and Church of God. rendered, and' readings, speeches', so.it- -s Benediction Sister Barton ielt that it ' was a great and recitationsanade an meeting closed by singing. SEMI-MO- . e N Semi-Monthl- y . . , ri-e- ." - : i 1 - Sister-.Woodwar- - tesli-monie- : n . . ' - - . -- - s ' ' . . l . " - time for agreeabie , privilege to know this is the Church of all present. God, and she knew it. - The zTTd of, March was the Soth ann? Sister. Martha Morris sang a hymn and ot tiie birth of one of our versary pioneer the congregation joined with her. sisters of this place", Sister S 'Jlargaref ' iirilKlI?l- J- Stevensou said she Mackel prang.. - . A w as party given bv ; . - - ?... j : 4 ' by Carlos Loveland. A party .was given in the evening to , celebrate t be occasion, under the auspices of the Relief Society. Your sister in the cause of truth,-Aucic 1. Card, Sec. R. S. ::. 