V- WOMAN'S EXPONENT :r ' ' A CHRISTMAS LETTER. - ; IA Si: TilOkN, "Xtw, what are you writing, niv Anna "I'm writing a letter, you see, jl To give M r, Santa a message About gifLs he'll bring unto i:ie. I mi tired of writing, dear grandma. And want to go out now and play. S please read and seal up rny letter, And post it right oit today." ' " . A . s . - i song-mitt- ay flew the darling, ami left me To'wonder what message she'd send-- What gifts of all others she wanted, polls, books or money to spend ? Ilc;notlier peeped over my shoulder, the queer writing with me, And Sure, never was sent sueh a letter On landor from over t!ie sea. - . 1 1 rid 11 'Dear Santa." it read, "please seid me Some while satin and velvet 'cWihes, Willi a train, and a ringand breastpin,. And glasses to pinch on my n.e, Some pretty' white hair like my grandma's, In a switch to take od' at r.ih"; Ar.il teeth to lake out in a tuaih'er. And earrings that pai klc bright. I don't mind a bustle a;.t corset. t!i;-savs are.bad,. grandma Though ' send the prettic-.- bracelet J'.ut cannot make any one s.p!. That's all for thfc Christmas, dear Santa.", The letter was ended here. ; he mother and I looked at each ether,. And into her eyes crept a tear. "What weeds have we sown in the garden. ? Of this innocent baby's t With our frills, our trains and our jewels, We each must shoulder our 'part. Instead of our virtues she copies Our vices and follies,' vou see; Th:s letter has come like a. warning From God unto vdu and to me." . g ; y - - - - 1 - - "The mind of a child is a garden, In which God planted good seed, but tiie weeds of the world soon'choke them 'Tis the care of a mother they need, but mother forgets in the worry Of providing the clothes and' food fhr.t !methiti: must grow in tliat garden, And evil grows faster than good. . "If I " we think and talk altogether Of the world, its joys and its cares," What woifoVr our gardensgrow nothing, Save thistles and thorns.and the tares, 'Good seed grows only by culture, . .. The weeds spring up' in a night , ' ' . ! Wc two have neglected our duty, A nd evil to us has seemed right. -- "Come, let us accept of our lesson, Put away from us vanities' snares, And into oilr lives crowd more closely, Good thoughts, good deeds and good prayers. Remember that teaching means talking-And setting examples true, We must make our own lives the better. Then her's will be .beautiful, too. , "This Christmas must brings to us, daughter, of a purer heart, r;Thejg-ift The desire to serve the Master liy choosing a meeker part. ' And thus will our Anna be blessed, And thus will her odd letter prove, "A message from Heaven to ' Filled full with forgiving Love. us-war- - -- d, CENTURY'S GREETING TO AID .RED CROSS. i 11 d lie-ar- " . . t - futher leading, cities, in Malison Square 'Society have done for "the .soldiers of Hie Garden and nhei great auditoriums, to x Regular. and Volunteer ar'mies of this and the old century out and: the nev century in. oilier countries. With the'pfov'ii.ou of such At Madison Sqti ire Garden Sotisa's fatuous a' fund as. is proposed- the occurrence of any; band will furnish the music "and a grand great calamity, such as recently visited the chorus of cine thousand voices will be heard city of Galveston, would find it in a position in midnight, interspersed with to offer that' most valuable of assistance first relief. speeches and greetings. These "Greetings" will be an unique and It is expected, that smc adequate proepochal feature. Not only the rulers of the' vision may ;e made for such a sustaining prominent nations of the world, but the fund through- the agency of the watch leading celebrities of every land Tolstoi. meetings and the subscriptions for the Joseph .Chamberlain, I)reyfus. Zola, Kruger, sealed packet of "Greetings" which will be Sir Edwin Arnold, 1 1 a Caine, ..Aiathony delivered to every meeting in the country at Hone. Lord Roberts and "more than ft v a very moderate charge. 'others, making a total of about one bundled, have written special messages for the Red Cross, on the progress of the 19th Century THE NATIONAL BAZAR. and the promise of the 20th Century. TlliC l'lONKKU'S KKCKI'TION. Such a grouping of crystaiized thought from the master minds of all the earth on a Magnificent weather greeted the first day subject of such universal interest was, never before made. The contributions pledged to of the Bazar, and there was a great crowd the service of the American Red Cross at the reception to the pioneers on the open-innight Of the pioneers invited, Mrs. branch will form a most inspiring and imSo important and sig. Stanton, Mrs- llo.ve and Mrs. Livennorc pressive memorial. uificanf are tlie.se "Greetings" that- the' could not be present, but-- Miss1 Anthony, originals are to be preserved for the nation Rev. Antoinette Biown Black well, Mrs. in the Congressional Library at Washington. Isabella- Beecher Hooker, Mrs. Anna C Field and Mrs. Charlotte F. Wilbur were in At every Red Cross watch meeting the city or village throughout the land there line. It was a pleasure to see that row of ladies, most of them over will be opened simultaneously"" a .sealed white-hairetill of them hue looking, several packet containing these "Greetings" from eighty, yet It was a the Old World to the New on the close of a of then! eminently handsome. workof time and difficulty to get near them century so unprecedented- in achievements so great was the ciush of the younger people and the coming. Of another so transcendent who ptessed up to shake hands and congratin promise. In the 'noble memorial address by Miss ulate them. The pretty girls 'who 'acted as Barton to Congress some twelve years ago, ushers finally linked hands and, formed a she recalled the fact that probably no sign cordon, so as to keep off the crowd and make or figure in. the secular world is sacred to so the people pass in single file. Miss Anthony was, of course, the chk many eyes as the Red Cross of Get wa. It. is the insignia of a Immunity that knows no attraction. Though still frail from the foe. In the fiercest conflict of arms it passes illness brought on by her magnanimous and unchallenged oir its mission of mercy. Its successful effort to raise the sum needed to international organization is founded on the secure the admission ot girls to the Univerwelcoiue and authorization of the united sity of .Rochester, she looked very nice in Its, the point lace given her by the women of governments of the civilized world. chief directors abroad are men of the fore- ti:e District of Columbia seventeen years most standing, and the crowned heads of ago, and thejiistoric ruby velvet gown that Europe are its patrons. It is eminently has served as her "best dress" for the last natural and fitting that it should be the quarter of 1 century. Its good state of medium for bearing messages of cheer and preservation is her pride and a testiExcept for fraternity that will inspire and delight all mony to her economic virtues. the remodelling o the', sleeves, it has conAmerica in these. great watcli meetings. The object of these meetings is .o raise ceded nothing to the changing fashions. The funds for the American National Red Cross, enormous putts in vogue when it was first and to; signalize the dawning of another made have been taken off and cleverly into bags and needle cases, century by- giving world wide prominence transformed to that fraternity between nations which which find a ready, sale Tt the Susan B. " Anthonv Booth. Ex. tends to ameliorate the horrors of war. The Red Cross in other countries has, been endowed by various means, but in the Mrs. Russell Sage made several visits United States "it has worked, from one national emergency to another, without' an to the Suffrage Bazar, and was a large buyer. endowment or sustaining fund, and it is AursTOTLE is credited with being the first belieyed that, at the dawning .of anew of the century, the people of 'the United 'States (European to discover the true origin will gladly gather together in mass meetings material irom wmcn was woven me pieeiuus to watch the old century out and the new fabrics which for over a thousand years the aid1-iOrient alone had supplied to the West. century iri, and at the same time to time the fabric known to use as chiffon the national and international wont wnicn was first made by the Roman ladies, who has ior its watchword "Humanity." ' The American National Red Cross has obtained their working material by unraveling raw silk imported from' Persia. The for the first time consented to give the public an opportunity to contribute to a per- actual introductioii of silk culture; into manent sustaining fund for this broadest of Europe occurred much later, in the sixth century, A. D., when two Nestorian Christchanties. ians, risking death, which was the penalty Itis not uecessary-t- o enlarge to American for such export, succeeded in bringing silkreaders on the history and work of ;Miss of Clara Barton and the American .National worm eggs from China at the instigation ' Red- - Cross,, "nor as to what' she and the the Emperor Justinian. . ' ' ' 59 - The parting of the centuries on, the night of the 31st of the coming December will have a celebration of world-wid- e import and interest initlie unique watch meetings to be held in this country under the auspices of the American National Red. Cross. The specially organized Twentieth Century Department of the Red Cross ' is now preparing to hold watch meetings, as far as practicable; in every city, town (and village of the United States. Mammoth meetings are already arranged for in New York and In-hi- n I - trtS ; s 7 7 - 