WOMAN'S 50 -- - . - Hut as comim events east their shadows before, so it was with those assembled then ' at that time, and they parted disguising their real feelings in pity for each othe'r. ley wood reported me ranging Slid the March 17 anniversary w:;s ward. observed and had the. effect ot putting new life into the society for a little while Circlc-vill'President Sarah Howell reported Kelt they were doing tanly well 'under the circumstances. Presideut Marv T. Wilcox repotted members Escalante. They had i he andan average attendance f thirty. teachers gave good reports. President Mijali Rowan .rtp.irleu w as. small but com Their Marion. pared favorably w'uh tho-,- airctdy ie ported. ' President Isnbelle' King reports d. bigs-toSome young girls had lately jomed. help The sisters were all food ami willing whenever called upon. President. P:I.a:g, was pleased to see so many present. .11. d visited all the societies Wad except Marion, would go there-- iter. no Mothers' clubs but were all mothers or would like to be, and ought to be quditjd to fill any posit it n in the gift m Wanted to or the.gift of the government. give the time to "Sister Caine, who had come to talk to ih, prayed the Lord to bless her to this end. Sister Caine felt pleased with all she had The seen in regard to the society here.Lord had never given a law restraining the L?.ttei-daSaint-in gaining knowledge. The Prophet Joseph studied diligently all the time and at his death spoke three different languages besides his own tongue. Wished to extend the greeting of Aunt Zina and counselors, also Sister Wells, who are just as interested as Ttbey can be in all the sisters. V anted to talk on the real object of society.vork this afternoon, as it had been inferred th ere would be more- present. Counselor I (avid Cameron felt he society was a great place for learning, looked upon it as a society of motherly queens. We are equally interested in Father's work, men and women, and would hardly know how to get along without the Relief Society in time of sickness and need. Prayed the Lord to bless the society everywhere. Congregation sang "Ziou stands with hills surrounded." Prayer by Bishop King. Afternoon session. Conference reconvened at 2 p; m. After' singing and prayer, Bishop Allen Hiller said he knew of no organization that was of more importance in the ward than the society, "nojr more alive and active. Report of 1S99 wras read and approved. Sister Permelia Hatch then reported Mammoth- society. "Their ward was nearly broken up on account of t he reservoir flood. Sister Caine wanted the. sisters to understand the purpose of the organization, no other can take the place of this. It was to qualify them for. high and holy positions. Mothers can - better prepare "for family prayers than any one else, also to instil the principle of upon the children. Retrenchment its taught by President Young did' not mean altogether in dress, but in Cooking good and wholesome food and less pastry, and in aU our home work to find time to improve the mind. If we sustain those who are placed over us the Lord will bless aud preserve us. against the judgments to come, president Woodruff approved of the International Council of Women and of the Relief. Society affiliating with both the National and International Councils. Asked the sisters to sustain the Mary B. I wl-1- 1 e. . Byron says:" . EXPONENT. "Lets not iimnail each othtr part at once All farewells should he sulkn when forever lvlse they make an eternity of moments." . Never again did those assembled on that evening all meet together. Out from under that roof tree, where "so many happy days had been spent, so many festive occasions celebrated, they went, and no doubt the picture lingered lovingly in their memory long years after. It is now more than fifty the years, and the vision is in the mind of with-out- ; The wintry scene wiiter still vivid. the winter decorations within; the blazing fires;" the New Kngland dinner; the irenerotis hospitality; the Jokes, the songs, 1m mr.rrtmrmf Lll VliiWlVHW lilt till Ulivi nv'l-- r fill 1 11f slindnWS" )f- the future; the broken home; the scattered flock;, the desolate hearthstone. Where are they now ? Some sleep in warrior's graves, who were babies then; and Indies, the one beside the sea in the mother in an unknown grave on the broad Western prairie, and others died at home . ana their graves are marked uy monuments of stone: and some of the older ones still live with large families of their own, and of these a lew are aged and leeble, looking to the brighter and more complete Thanksgiving, when they shall meet the blessed mother and the loved ones gone befar-of- f 1 1 A .1' lor-war- d ... fore. Many joys havecrowned the lives of seme of those assembled on that day, although the world is full of sorrows and of mourning, yet there have been many melodious days and happy hours, and looking backward over life's changing, shifting scenes, one cannot regret, but must rejoice that such family meetings occur to link more closely 'together kindred ties, even if Uie shadows do hang over them. A New Kngland Thanksgiving lives in the memory of the writer one of its most beautiful, ideal pictures; and may the custom which originated with our Pilgrim Fathers, and which has become general throughout the United States, be perpetuated forever. " Aunt Km. R. S. REPORT. TAN GU ITCH STAKE. Panguitch Stake Relief Society conference convened in the Tabernacle; August 24, 1900, Stake President 'Elizabeth DeLoug ' , presiding. Present .011 the stand besides the Stake officers were Sister Margaret A. Caine, who had come especially for the conference, President Cameron, Bishop A. Hiller and counselors, Bisliop Culbert King, Patriarch Joseph L. Hey wood, beside in the congregation many prominent men of Panguitchv and other wards. After singing, and prayer by David , , " N General and Strike officers were sustained ' Cameron unanimously. . Counselor Alice' J. felt weak, but well paid in attending. meeting. Sitcr. M. J sa belle Ienrie fell we had received much valuable ins: ruction and with the he'.p f'the Lord intended to improve her ippoi tnmlies better. Cmife'ence adjourned 'Ur six months. Smging "Praise to Gud, immortal praise." Pra ' er by James Houston. H. A. Ckosjjy, Sec' . 1 -- . , ' - tci-.-t- e i- the-Gosp- - el ; y - 1 -- ' tithe-payin- g Cameron, the roll was called. Minutes of previous conference were read and accepted, also the order of business in accepting the resignation of Sister Barbara Myers and sustaining the ne officers, which' was made A vote of thaulcs was part of the records.. tendered Sister M vers for manv venrs of EXPONENT. " faithful service as Stake "President. ;ining "How firm a foundation. '.. :. , " ' T 'J : A n. FUL MANIFESTATION. Dr. torv ot toe 'enibh disaster that ovei oir. G .dveto:i. Texas a whih aro wui:M be incomplete without a brief note of the cxpe: leiiee 01 some .Mormon Elders he 1 . . . 1 ' hj i bred as in that city at which brought death u.iso-.iaric- s t::e lime o! the i.m.-ami d'jtn:c'.:ou to so many sous. the ,A-wing, to a letter rec.rived-a- Accord t office, theic were lour i;aie:s ill 1119. city, viz: Peter Norton, ut Pima." Ariz.; Horace L. Johnson, ot Tnaicfi.-r- Ariz.; Samuel Shaw, tif Xortii Ogd n, Utah, and Heber X. Folk wall, of iM.iin City, Utah, and they all pre st :rVed- as b y a miracle, while tuousauus sen 0:1 uie ngiu nairi ana thousand :i 11101 e (n the left. These ivlders had then been laboring i:i Galveston for the past thiee months and a half. It, seems, however, that their testimony had b..n rejected and they were about to leave when the flood came. On the fatal night they were stopping with a family named Daniels. As the these water rose and reached good, people fled panic stricken to higher , -- the-house- , .ground, leaving the iiders aiorie in tne house. These went upstairs and commended tlfemselves to the. care of divine Providence. When the morning broke and the desolation wrought stood forth in .all its details it was found that the house in which the Kldejs were, was the only one in the entire neighborhood that had escaped awe-inspirin- g damage. - It seems these, missionaries were dtirit g the entire night of horror unconscious of tie Elder Norton ;'n extent of the visitation.his letter to the Ncs says part of the night they slept, though the water was surging and the wind was raging all around th;m. When in the. morning they went out to see what damage had been done, they were astonished to learn "the extent of the disaster. Men, They saw corpses everywhere. women and children had met death either by drQwning or under the falling houses. There was no difference now between rich and poor, while' md black.. Death had placed them all on about the same level. The miraculous preservation of the'house iir which the "Mormon" Elders had been a given .shelter that night must have been powerful'testimony to some of the people who had rejected their message. And there are many such testimonies' both in the hisSaints' mission, ar.d tory, of Uie Latter-daIf .in the experience of Church members. They were written they would form a volume Tot t?i .01 pecuiar mieresL. ,'xu mc tney wouia demonstrate.- mai uuu is same today as he was in the time of Moses and the first Apostles. - - : i'" yc i-- The memory of their experience will the probably never entirely fade away fro ni be to tliern. minds of those'Elders: - d ian evembiding testimouy,and a subject d thanksgiving: Dcscut News. n 