Wo i The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to belter the Home, the Slate and the Nat 'i on. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY, 1904 Vol. 32 CONTENTS. No. 8. Away o'er yonder hills, a mansion fair I see, O Father, is it mine, that vou have eiven me? O world, good bye! a father's love f e'er have known, To Him I go I'm going home, I'm going home. Lydia D. Alder. Third. Two alternates for said delegates. One speaking representative of Fourth. The International Council of Women Sewall the Council 57 who will make an address at May Wiight 5S Mothers' Work the second public session of the QuinquenHannah T. King; 59 Scripture Women nial, when every National Council will 59 Raymond Reunion have an opportunity to give a brief survey Religious Devotion in the Home. . . . L. M. H. 60 Women in Art at the Exposition of its own, and to state the International THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL Of Countess De Montigu 61 aspect of its work. All of these representSketch of the Lite of Sister Mary E. Knight WOMhN. atives are to be elected by ballot at the apBassett Lydia D. Alder 61 62 In Memoriani proaching Executive Session. It behooves December 30, '03. R. S. Reports. 03 every member of the Executive to be pres The Gracious Woman To the Members of the National Council of ent, since the united wisdom, discrimina64 Editorial One Hundredth Anniversary Women of the United States: tion, and judgment of the Executive should 60 Hail to tho New Year be is brought to bear upon the vital question Poetry She not Dead.E. H. Woodmansee 57 For two reasons it of who Friends: Dear these five representatives of the D. Home 57 Aler Going Lydia Hannah T. King 56 seems not inappropriate that I should ask American Council shall be. This, however, Idjle space in various women's papers to address is not the only important and particular a word to you concerning the approaching work of the approaching Executive. SHE IS NOT DEAD. Executive of the National Council which is Last March, in New Orleans, a special Lines commemorative of the centennial birthday to be held in Indianapolis the week beginot Eliza R. Snow Smith, was appointed to investigate the committee ning February 1st. It is not unnatural Born January 21, 1804 Died December 5, 1SS7. condition of affairs at St. Louis, and to that I should have a special interest in the study the besLpossible representation of the She is not dead the tuneful bard who su r,g success of that session of the Executive effort of the Council in St. Louis during the For Zion's children in these latter days; The months of the which is to be held in my own city. She is not dead, whose harp the angels strung, exposition. The committee Whose lyre resounded with immortal lays. only session of the .Executive of the Nawhose chairman is Mrs. Lillian M. Hollis-tetional Council ever held in Indianapolis of Detroit, has undoubtedly performed She is not dead, whose words of living fire was convened here by its President, the its and it will have a plan Enthuse and keep so many hearts aglow, honored and regretted Frances E. Willard, of duty faithfully, which will interest every Whose melodies awaken pure desire representation in May of 1S88, when the only members of member And help the seeds of righteousness to grow.. of the Council, and the judgment the Executive were the live members of the of will be needed in the conmember She is not dead, whose utterance was replete, evcy With timely counsel for the old and young. general officers of the Council and the pressideration of this plan, and the consideraWhose wise reproof, blent with compassion sweet. idents of the two national organizations tion of lhe means by which it may bs sucWarmed and revivified the faltering one. Now which the-1- constituted the Council. executed. that the Executive includes, besides iu five cessfully She is not dead, who toiled for Zion's cause, Besides these matters of importance, general officers, three living Honorary there are Truth's advocate! endowed with noble zeal, important reports from tlie standPresidents, and the Presidents of twenty-tw- o Truly her fixed determination was committees, especially fioni the comTo do on earth our heavenly Father's will. national organizations, and of eleven ing on mittee Resolutions, which has had beLocal Councils, it would beem as if its The cheering strains her tuneful soul outpourer1. fore it during the last year questions ol exPure streamlets, fresh from inspiration's spring, growth justifies the expectation which is entertained that the Executive Session will ceptional importance. Delight and consolation oft ali'ord, Then there will be the representation of to souls be lull of interest lor the public as well as they bring. Joy appreciative women in the International ConAmerican Council. of importance for the Just now her friendly face we cannot see, is to follow the Third which entergress, Preparations for the reception and But none the less fond mem'ry holds her dear, Before February 1, consider. to She lives'. She lives and sings rejoicingly. tainment of the Executive are being made will advices in a loftier ones loved With many undoubtedly be received from sphere. by the Local Council of Indianapolis, than will enable the President which Emily H. Woodman-see-, wtiieh none stronger exist in our country, Germany Salt Lake City. ot International the Council, whom Mis. and by the Commercial Club, the leadiug a has Swift appointed special committee of body of business men in Indianapolis. on oue the representation of the American GOING HOME. That the National Executive will convene at Council Berlin, to give a report of great under such strong local auspices is surely I'm going home! the path I may not now discern; interest concerning the preparations that an argument that the National Council The shadow left, oh! ne'er again shall I return. My Father, hold my hand, oh! I can never stray, cannot resist to be well represented. The are being energetically carried forward by He safe will guide me o'c--r the dark and troubled the tactful President of the Geiman Counstill stronger argument for making whatway. cil and her able associates ever sacrifices may be involved in attendThe names of over oue hundred women Oh, list' I hear him call so softly calling me; ance upon this session exists ia the importI hear hit gentle voice, though him I cannot see. be done. to been proposed by the members cf the have work of the particular ance The valley winds so far, where a stranger I go: of the members the to Executive of the American National CounIt is not unknown The music sweetly sounds, like rippling waters' Third National Council that the cil, as candidates for the honor of speaking Quinquenflow. in some section of the International Conconvene nial of the InternationalCouncil will Faint breezes, fresh and chill, waft o'er my weary of in Berlin on June 6th 1904, and that the gress. All of these names have been forbrow, I warded to the German Committee of ArThry soothe to sleep, to sleep. Oh, am waiting Qaiuquennial, which will occupy one week now. ConIt goes without saying that will be followed by an International rangements. Go home! how beautiful to me! The way not long; gress held under its auspices and arranged it will be quite impossible that all shall be At ev'ry step I hear a low, sweet murm'ring song. lor by the National Council of Germany, invited. The Council will have more tlan The river seems so deep, its waters smooth and which will continue through the next week. doubled since the Seond Quinquennial, clear; National Council of the United States, held in London in 1899, and, as the Interno The I lie upon its bosom, my heart knows fear; O Father, hold me close, I am coming to you; like all other affiliated Councils within the national Congress is convened for the same Is this Dealh's unknown valley I am passing International, has a right to the following length of time as in London, the number of through? Berlin Quinquennial, the at speakers that can be invited from any one representation of the twenty-twcountries, that will doubtnamely: While ministering at the beds:de of one of the International Council bethe of within less be Committee on the member One First. Saints in England who seemed near to death, Infore of the for Executive will, when suddenly opening her eyes she said, "Sister, the naturally, be less than the June, Arrangements I'm going home; I hear my Father call." By ternational. number which could be invited from any faith she was healed for a time, but has long since one of the nine countries constituting the Second. Two delegates. gone to answer the summons heard at that time. -- r, f I I' 1 - Qui-i-quennia- o XI 