WOMAN'S EXPONENT 4o up. Spoke of our late General Conference and the instructions given. We must not neglect our testimony meetings for other duties. Spoke of the Memorial Building and urged the sisters to contribute a little to this object. Spoke of the lack of interest taken by the sisters in attending meet- Those that ings and bearing testimony. loved the Lord met often together and a book of reme mbrance was kept. Five of the ward presidents gave their reports. President James H. Clark was the next Felt that these sifters had much speaker. to be proud of and much to be thankful for in these organizations. Referred to the nickle fund spoken of by one of the sisters, who stated that they had gathered $215 00 in one year by this means, had paid lor an organ and are gathering for a sacrament service by donating a nickle per week, showing how much can be done by small means We have no reasoi to wish for the of honors men, but for the approbation of God. was rerun. ded of the article written by President Joseph F. Smith on success. Those who served God to the best of their ability were the ones who would be successful. Mothers who are laboring d.iy by day to raise their children may sometimes feel discouraged, yet they would be successlittle span ful in the end. This is only-on-e of our existence, and if we do not gather the harvest now, there will be another ti e when we may obtain our reward. Those who are raising families are doing a great work and the sisters who travel around should encourage it, and make them feel they are blest oi the Lord. Our people are progressing materially in the world, President Woodruff prophecied that this people would grow in power and strength and beat the head and not at the foot. We are seeking to purity our lives and make curseives acceptable to the Lord. Our mission is to redeem men from their fallen condition and teach them the pure principles of the Gospel. Spoke ol the necessity of being kind to the stranger in our midst, our mission is to save them and not cast them off or condemn them. Seek to reclaim them and turn them from the error of their ways. The sisters can accomplish much in this direction and bring peace to many hearts Be encouraged and and many homes. in due time the Lord will reward you for what you sow. Sister Marv Ann Webb said she been fed with the Spirit of God and strength many times when she had been discouraged and cast down and had gone home refreshed, blest and rested. Bishop Fjield had been edified and blest in attending this meeting. Spoke of a family who had gone t! Idaho alter receiving a vision of the country- Every duty has a blessing behind it. Brother Wiliiam Soulhwick felt to heartily endorse the reports and remarks today. Had learned many things in being acquainted with the workings of the Relief Society. Conference adjourned for three months. Singing. Benediction. Sister Ellen D. Clark. Emma Feathersto.xe, Sec. EDWIN D. MEAD'S ADDRESS. "It was in the old Tremont Theatre, on the site where Tremont Temple now stands, that Elihu Burritt, the inspire! of the great Peace Congress half a century ago, gave, in 1841, his first address upon Universal Peace. It was in Tremont Temple that Charles Sumner, four years later, gave his noble oration upon the 'True Grandeur of Nations.' It was in Tremon Temple that were held in 1899 the principal American meetings to promote interThe last est in The Plague Conference. half century has emphasized with terrib'e force the plea of Burritt for human brotherhood and the better organization of the world. Never did events lay more terrible emphasis than toe ay up m Sumner's arraignment of the wicked waste upon great navies and armies of the resources which should be applied to constructive purposes and the education and webare of the pe pie. and which so applied would quickly bring an end to w;ir forever. "We do not forget, be sure that none remember so constantly, that our own republic, from which it was indeed your right not to expect it, has yielded in these days to the temptations to mike also a great naval power, and indulge the hoary old ambitions of commanding respect by force instead of by ideas and the We acknowledge the neighborly hand of your warnings and reproacl es. justice We do not resent thtm; we thank you for We thank you for reminding us, them as you have done with such eloquence and feeling in the last two days, oi the piiuci-p!oi the founders of our republic, and the high duties of leadership in the patli of peace and order which the republic by and position owes the world. its If in the great temptations of our opu lence and power some ol us are in danger of forgetfulness and fail hi ssnts-?may the presence of so many cf you here rom nations whose burdens and dangers are so much greater than ours, and who need the support of every influence of ours upon the right side and not the wrong sde, help to call us back to our great national ideals and our better selves. But remember this. We no longer differ from you as we did in the days ol Sumner and Burritt and Charming. Conditions everywhere become alike, and one nation can no longer keep much ahead of another. You have a right to ask us to check the building of a great navy. We must say to you that the real way to help us is by such agitation at home as shall check the increase of your own. WTe will hope indeed that some great nation may have the magnificent abandon to cast her whole armies into the abyss and trust confidently to the defence of that high act and attitude; but, while we hope for that, let us not build upon it, but work patiently together for disarmament. "While we thank you for vour warnings, we thank you also for your generous recognition of our good deeds and our good Our President has recently purposes. he-rse-lt e hi-tor- y , proudly and properly claimed that The Hague Court was impotent until the government of the United States made it a reality. It is not a one his word; it is the warm word also of Baron D'Estouruelles Our President has assured de Contant. take st ps for the calling shall you that he of a second Hague Conference, to push on the woik which the first could not fully achieve. I believe that he will do it. Of this be sure -t- hat the American people are waking up. They will declare that all playing with fire of militarism in this republic must forever oease; that if one existing party does not stop it, its mandate will go to another: and that our history teaches us well how quickly sometimes great new patties are born and become triumphant. "Men tell us war will cease in this world and our dreams come true ouly with the millennium. I pity men who have such poor notions of the millennium. The evils which we fight are among the prossest and most barbarous. They befit onlv the early and low stages of civilization. Oar effort is but to clean the Augean stables. Horrors and wickedness Mich as those going on at this hour in Asia ought to be so far behind as not even to be mentioned among civilized men. Toleration ol war in this twentieth century after Curist is like setting up the Ten Commandments on the walls of Christian chinches, warning presumedly decent Christians not to steal or kill or commit adultery. Put the beatitudes ou the walls ol your churches. It is only when we have done forever with such savage and gross foims of wrong as war that we shall be in a position to make a first fair and decent tart for the millennium. "One hundred years ago Thomas Jefferson was President of the United vtates. Help us in this republic, in this centennial time, to be true to his truth. The year is the centennial cf the death in Germany of the great author of 'Eternal Peace.' It is the centennial of the birth in England of Richard Cobdea. The apostolic succession is never broken, and the apostles are multias never before. plying the vision of Kant and Cobden and Victor Hugo and Sumner shall be thoce of every thoughtful German and Englishman and Frenchman and American."" IVo man's Journal. w to-da- To-morro- y Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the hank we have opened more than 37.fM saving's accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have vou such an account? If not, open one NOW Ve pay FOUR PEll CENT INTEREST on any amount from ous dollar to live thousand, and compute said interest Semi-annuall- WHITE for any information desired. Joseph R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, - 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. 4i posiiie :or vour money We aim to give you as TRY US No. 1 Gkokgk Main Street. F. iV. Smith. Prest. Cannon, Cashier. have aEvavs thought that all men should be free; but if anv should be slaves, it should be, first, those who desire it for themselves, and, secondly, those who desire it for others. Abraham Lincoln. I 