WOMAN'S EXPONENT. faith in the efficacy of prayer. "A few years ago I heard a little girl who had lost a baby brother say, "I don't believe it does any good to pray for we just prayed and prayei then baby died," Ob, how that child's faith was weakened by not being taught, "Not my will but Thine, Oh Lord; be done " When we prepare to kneel in prayer see that every child is in its proper place, that no contentions exist, that little hands and faces, as well as hearts, are clean and pure; then rest assured your petitions will be carried to the throne of God, and a peace and joy will pervade your homes that no amount of wordly prosperity can give, then you will have strength and courage to face and battle with each days trials aud temptations. "He prayeth best, who loveth best, All things both great and small. For the great God, who loveth us, lie made and loveth all." We are a very busy, active people, and we do not have the time or at least do not take it for singing at our devotions. But mothers, wre would lighten our labors and lessen our cares a hundred fold, if we sang instead of sighing and if, when things go wrong we hum a hymn in place of scolding. Many of us perhaps have not the ability to sing like a Patti or Lucy Emma Gates, but our voices however poor, are dearer to those we love the best. The spirit of discontent and unhappiness will not remain long in a room, Where, "Oh my Father," The Spirit of God like a fire is burning" or a hundred others of our glorious hymns are sung. We should ever be watchful and prayerful and seek the spirit of inspiration continually, for Satan is ever on the alert to catch our unwary feet and while we can not always be singing and praying, we can have a prayer always in our hearts for di vine aid. for "Sacred song invites the Holy Spirit Prayer invokes the blessings of God. The character and principles of the man or woman is formed almost invariably by the mother in infancy for "As the twig is bent so is the tree inclined." She should instil into the little tender minds the great and redeeming principle of Faith. Teach them to love and venerate our heavenly Father, and to hold sacred His holy name. If we impressed this upon our children at home as we should, we would not hear so much profanity from our boys upon the street. Of course, while we are teaching, these things, we are also attending to the physical needs of our nature, so at proper times we all gather around the table spread with bounteous gifts from God, and should return grateful and heartfelt thanks and even the youngest child should have its turn in lisping thanks- "Between the dark and daylight When night begins to lower Comes a pause m 'he day's occupation That is ktKrvn as the children's hour," In this hour let us gather our dear ones around us and take the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doc. and Cov. or any of our good church works, read a little, converse upon and explain the principles of the Gospel. Let each member take an active part and they will become more interested and will derive a greater benefit; as Bro. Lyman says: "Knowledge obtained by 61 hearing the word of Go 1, establishes faith in a child, for Him and His works, and this faith firmly routed is not easilv shaken." LlBTJiE Mkkrill Ukndiucks. WOMEN IN ART AT TH2 ;lX?3;ITI3N. As women's interests in any walk of life are idetitic.il with sen's the idea of separating their exhibits from those of the sterner sex seems to be invidious. Each decade of the world's history marks a correspording improvement of woman The patchwork nnd decorative exhibits once a feature of State aud National Fairs are things of the past. Women applying themselves to the higher walks of art, are fast emerging from the chtystlis state which has until the last few years been deemed their proper place. In the Arts, Sciences and Industries they have discovered the outlet for talents hithertho con- cealed in the embryo. In the Columbian Exposition women were afforded opportunities of demonstrating their ability along lines hitherto usurped The iraugurators of the "Louisiana Purchase Exposition" which will be on a more magnificent scale than that of any the world has yet seen, have shown great liberality toward women. Their work has been placed on a par with that of men snd not separately classified as has been the case in previous expositions. They were invited to compete for decorations of the various United States buildings and responded eagerly. Genius has received its adequate reward, and the talented young women who have been awarded contracts for artistic work will go forth to the world as brilliant examples of what men are pleased to call the weaker sex, can accomplish. It is gratifying to realize that women have at least secured a portion of the half million to be disbursed by the managers of the Exposition for the beautifying of its most important buildings and grounds. The assistant landscape architect is a St. Louis woman, Miss Eda A Sutter-raetsteand her talent has been emb died in the artistic laying out of the Cascade Gardens. There is a trio of artificial Casever before procades, the most exten-iv- e will send their which crystal showers jected, down the graceful slope of the tetraced hill in front of the majestic Festival buildings and the Colonnade of States, which form the most important decorative feature of the grounds. Miss Suttermeister's botanical training stood her in good stead, and she was chosen to select the plants and flowers which are to lend their lequisite color scheme to the fairy like Cascade Gardens. Not only is this lady possessed of a technical knowledge of botany but she has revealed her executive side by placing herself at the head of a corps of gardeners whom she directed in the setting out of the shrubs and flowers to be planted on the grounds. Another St. Louis woman has demonstrated her genius for sculptural work. This young lady, Miss Carrie Wood, daughter of Judge Horatio D Wood of the Circuit Bench of Missouri, whom inclination and not necessity induced to take up modeling as a profession, has executed a superb gilded figure called "The Spirit o' Missouri," her native state, and which is intended to crown the dome of the Missouri State building. Miss Wood is a conscientious student and has been working in the j studio of the celebrated sculptor Jonathan Scott Hartley of New York city. Miss Enid Vended!, whose fame is wide spread, has modeled several figures of heroice size in staff, with which to ornament the buildings on Ait Hill. Her statues of "Victory" will be placed upon the domes of the twin restaurant pavilions at the ends of the Colonnade of otates. Each figure is endowed with the cttributes of "Victory," embodied in the form of a woman, slightly draped and with the graceful head coroueted with a victor's wreath of bay leaves. In one shapely hand she holds a laurel crown, while with the other she raises a bugle to her lips blowing the blast of conquest. Miss Yandell is also represented by a heroic statue of the trapper and hunter, Daniel Boone in full hunting regalia. This will be erected in a commanding position on Art Hill. McNeil contributes, the a child riding a fish of charming figure intended to form part of the decorative scheme of the Cascades. On Miss Melva Beatrice Wilson of New Yoik was bestowed the largest contract for the sculptural work of a woman. The spandrels cf the Palace of Machinery are of her design, a nude male figure on each side of the Keystone of the arch being representative of the Mechanical Arts. Each detail is worked out with painstaking fidelity. Miss Elsie Ward of Missouri sends a magnificent statue of Gen. George Rogers Clark, one of the pioneer heroes of the West, which will have a place on Art Hill. Miss Edith B. Stevens of New York is the author of two splendid semi-nudrecumbent figures, male and female, to be set upon the pediment of the principal entrance to the palace of Liberal Arts. A fitting tribute to the diplomatic tact of James Monroe, the special envoy to France under President Jefferson, and who assisted in the negotiations for the transfer of the Louisiana Territory to the United States is a statue in staff modeled by Miss Julia Bracken of Chicago. To Miss Evelyn B. Longmans of New Mrs. by-men- H. A. e r, York belongs the honor of executing the magnificent sculpture of "Victory" which will surmount the dome of the Palace of Varied Industries. The work of those talented young women will no doubt prove an object lesson to women who v.'sit the Fair, demonstrating that genius, industry and perseverance win in the long run, and that women with artistic proclivities have been afforded an opportunity of showing what they can do. Countess de Montaigu. SKETCH OF THE LIFE OF SISTER MARY E. KNIGHT BAS5ETT. It has often been said that the lives of the Saints are lull of romance; that they read as fiction, and not as real life. So it is with that of the subject of this sketch, whose history is woven in with the early history of the Church, in the days of unbounded faith in, love for and devotion to the great Prophet of the nineteenth century. i Sister Bassett's advent into this world occurred on June i6, 1836, at Gallatin, Clay county, Missouri. Long since the told of been the has story persecutions the Missouri .Saints endured. How they wrere pillaged, driven and murdered. Homes and 