WOMAN'S their superiors in ority of school-teacher- s, temporal affairs and the authority of God, which is manifested through His prophets. t, a. Show how children 2. who are trained in proper will not stoop to do anything mean improper, or unbecoming. 3. Show the beauties of consideration and kindness to the aged and in firm, sympathy for the maimed, crippled and deformed and charity for those who falter and fail. 4. Explain the necessity of training children to respect public and 5. Due reverence for private property. houses of worsh'p and all other sacred places and things, also the Lord's anointed. EXPONENT. LOVING "WORDS. O, loving words, speak loving words, The world is full of care Speak loving words, O, loving words And with them breathe a pray'r, Self-respec- self-respe- ct Speak loving words, such loving words, The path is rocky-stee- p So oft we stumble, lose the way, The road is hard to keep. Oft times the fair day ends in gloom Fierce storm clouds break o'er head The sun goes down, e'en at ita noon, Its glorywarmth all fled. Life's storms cross o'er and o'er our way, Such bitter tears are shed As in the chamber lone we weep, Alone but for our dead. Speak loving words, loving words speak Gospel Training. They soothe the heart, the tear, It is the way the Master trod The commandments of. God concerning E'en was the sparrow dear. the rearing of our children. Doc. and Gov. The sad, distressed and weary bless. They unto God are dear; 68, Sec. beginning at verse 25. 1. Give For lo,' the Savior waiting stands methods of promoting faith in the child, a. To wipe away each tear. Show how prayer develops and strengthens its faith, b. Explain how faith in the Speak loving words, speak loving words The broken heart, bind up, of Gcd childien to resist promises helps So in the trial you are blessed 2 The necessity of parents temptation Though 'tis a bitter cup. children true repentance, a. their Some day, your Savior you will meet, teaching His glorious face will see; Give the evil effects upon the child of He wept in anguish on the sod; resins. Forgiveness is the sure Prayed in Gethsemane. ward of repentance. 3. Prayer a divine Then loving words He'll speak to you. command. The authorized channel of comWho helped the suff'rer live, munication between God and man in all And crowns and kingdoms wilderirg' fair. ages. a. Object to direct the mind of man To you He yet may give, to his Creator, b. Show the necessity and Then feed the poor, the needy aid, Speak loving words so sweet, give the benefits of prayer, c. Discuss the endless blessings will be yours, Thus proptr mode and time for prayer, d. Give Love twines them round your feet. the value cf children taking part in family LyDIA, D. ALDtR. prayer and asking a blessing upon the food, e. Parents, particularly the mother divineNEW YORK LETTER. ly comtnisioned to direct the ini'ant mind to God through prayer. Editor Exponent. Lesson XL I enjoy reading your little paper, which is always full of instructive reading, I take great pleasure in watching the progress that is being made by our Relief Society organizations at home and throughout the world. I am sorry to note that so many of our faithful workers seem to be passing away. Only a few seem to be left to tell us of the interesting incidents of the early days of the Church. We held a meeting here in New York on the 17th March, in commemoration of the'first Relief Society organization, as I presume was done in most of the places where there is a society. We had a nice program; and spent an agreeable evening. Our society here, though not very large, is in good condition, and all seem to be desirous of doing what they can for its advancement. It is comp ised mostly of those who have embraced the Gospel here, though a number of our sisters from home have been enrolled from time to time; but, of course, their stay is of short duration. We have felt, however, their support, both in an intellectual as well as a financial way, for which we feel very Lesson XII. Continuation of Gospel Training. Tithin g. Law of God. Lev. 27th ch., 30-3Doc and Cov. 119 sec. a. Name some of the blessings to be gained by obedience to the law of tithing. Mai. 3: 10; ti, 12 Prov. 3. b. Parents should teach and train their children that one tenth of their earnings and income after they become members of the Church, belongs to the Lord, and that they have no right to use it. 2. It is an imperative duty of parents lo see that their children attend regularly the Sunday School, Piimary Association and Religion Class, and that all paits are prepared for the same. a. Discuss how these organizations are especial helps to parents in rearing and training their children in the fear and admonition of the Lord, b Explain how the child is benefitted spiritually, morally and intellectually by attending these organizations. Parents must live the Gospel themselves, if they expect their children to beSaints. come good Latter-da1. 4. . Alice G. Sarah C. grateful. The sisters here ars energetic, and full of faith, and are anxious to learn all they can. and what White, Mary A. White, Mary E. Gunn Harris, Mary Maeser, Fernley, Committee. Some Utah women have sailed on board the Cretic expecting to attend while absent the International Congress to be held in Berlin, Germany. Alice Merrill Home, Lydia D. Alder, Miss Ludina Christenson Mrs. Ida Smoot and Miss May Alder. Mi s Foster, Mrs. Mary S. Dusenberry and Home and Miss Lillian Home intend to sail June ?. on the Cretic, they can best do to forward the interests of the cause. We have been able to do quite a good deal of charitable work. Our means is obtained mostly by entertainments and from members of the society, as it has not been deemed practical as yet to carry out the system we have at home, the distances between the homes of the Saints being so great. Some are located here, others in Brooklyn and elsewhere. Most of our meetings are held here, but we endeavor to hold one every month in Brooklyn, where much interest is always taken and a good spiri t prevails. We hold sewing classes quite often, but many that woul d like to attend are holding positions and are engaged during the day, so that our attendance is small; but we have been able to accomplish a good deal in aiding those who are not able to get such work done any other way. As soon as ve relieve- those conditions we intend e have already a quilt making articles to almost completed, which we think will bring a nice sum. of the winter to VVe have devoted much sell--w- I '75 studying the "Women of the Bible." It has been very interesting, and I assure you very We also hold a monthly meeting profitable. either at my house or at President McQuar-rie'In this meeting the Elders are invited to meet with us. A paper is read by one of the sisters, and the topic fully discussed. A great deal of interest is taken, and much valuable instruction is derived from such meetings. The sisters express great satisfaction from the lessons and experience that they are having, which they fee' are calculated to better fit them for the defense of their faith, which is so often required of them, especially when the "Mormon question' ' is agitated, as it is so frequently is by the press. I feel very much endeared to the sisters associated with me, whom I believe to be loyal and true Latter-daSaints. Many of them are called upon to make great sacrifices and have much prejudice to overcome, but through prayer and unbounded faith are triumphant. The secretary has forwarded reports, or furnished them, rather, to the conference, which 1 presume you have received indue time. I had no idea of giving you such a detailed account when I started to write, but thinking that you might want to hear something of what we are doing here, I have ventured to trespass upon your valuable time, With sincere regards, your sister in the Gospel, Emily M. Cummings. s. y D. R. MEETING. The regular monthly meeting of the U. S. S. D. R. was held on Saturday, April 16, at the residence of Mrs. T. G. Webber, at 3 p. m. Vice Regent Mrs. Phebe Young Beatie presiding in the absence of the Regent Mrs. I. M. W. Sears. Player was offered the chaplain Mrs. P. T. Farns-wort- h and the reading of minutes and transition of miscellaneous business was attended to as usual, after which the Secretary Mrs. George A. Smith read the paper b' prepared by the Regent. The subject was General (Marquis) De La Fayette, and was well written and contained much valuable information concerning this great and good man, the friend of Washington and of liberty, that ought to be garnered in the minds of every patriotic woman. Mrs. Smith read the paper with much pathos as though she loved her subject, and it was very evident Mrs. Sears had put deep feeling into its construction and arrangement. Mrs. Mira Young Rossiter gave the story which was quite diverting on account of its giving much of the fashion of the La Fayette period, and was quite apropos to the time. Mrs. Richards, (mother of Mrs. Webber) recalled some incidents concerning these fantastic costumes worn some yaars afterwards, and Mrs. E. B. Wells remembered hearing her mother tell many times of meeting La Fayette on his last visit to the United States. Mrs. Julia F. Lund read with great fervor the Star Spangled Banner and the Marsailles, the National songs of both the countries La Fayette loved so well. There were present three or four invited guests, friends of the hostess, who seemed to enjoy the meeting very much. The handsome parlor and library were decorated with stars and stripes and the colors of the Society; and delicions refreshments were daintily served after which the meeting adjourned to May 16, to be held at the home of Mrs. George A. Smith. E. B. W. Mrs Jennie Nelson of Ogden has been elected by the Utah State Republican Convention an alternate delegate to the National Republican Convention. In a state where women cast half the votes a woman delegate should have been elected. 