WOMAN'S EXPONENT al training. e. 2. Education, d. Wifehood, Motherhood. TV ere is none "In all this cold and hollow world no fount Of deep, strong, deathless love like that within A mother's heart!" Mrs. Hemans. fill a mission to Great Britain. During his ab sence she supported herself by teaching school and also contributed towards his support while in the mission field. She was the mother of three sons, one ef whom preceded her to the spirit world. She filled the office of stake secretary cf the Relief Society in an able and satisfactory manner for a year and a half previous to he - demise Although she had been a partial invilid for several years, she was a devoted and affectionate wife and mother, and was an efficient Latter-daSaint in every sense of the word. She leaves a husband, two children, an aged mother, one brother, four sisters and a host of relatives and friends to mourn her untimely departure. Funeral services were held in the L D. S. meeting house November 2, 1903, at 2 o'clock p. m. The speakers all paid a high tribute to her pure, exemplary life and Stirling worth. She was highly respected, esteemed and beloved by all who knew her. j Sister Gardner. y Home. a. Orderly and attractive, b. School ot character, c. Proper literature, d. Economy. "A crust your own is a feast, but a feast from creditors is famine." Lee tut e Lecture II. III. Habit. a b. Purity. (Reference "School and Fireside," Karl G. Maeser.) "The purest treasure mortal times afford, Is spotless reputation; that away, Men are but gilded loam, or painted clay, barred-u- p s A jewel in a chest Is a bold Spirit in a loyal breast " Shakespeare. Lecture IV Dress. "We sacrifice to dress, till household joys And comforts cease. Dress drains our cellar dry, And keeps our larder lean. Puts out the fires, And introduces hunger, frost and woe, Where peace and hospitality might ieign." Cowper. neat. and b. Plain a. Simplicity, "The body is the shell of the soul; the dress the husk.' c. Richest dress. "The richest dress ts always worn on the soul. The adornments that will not perish and that all most admire, shine from the heart through this life. God has made it our highest, holiest duty to dress the soul He has given us." d. Changes, Manners. "Men of sense follow fashion only so far that they are neither conspicuous for their excess nor peculiar by their opposition to it." Lecture V. Family Government. "Govern by kindness and love." Joseph Smith. a. Respect for Priesthood, b. Respect of parents, for each other, c. Respect of parents for children, d. Respect ot children for parents, e. Respect of children for each other. grief-stricke- n j Self-denia- l, ten-time- Lecture VI. Faith- (Ref. a, Ordinances of the Gospel. Gems of Prophet Joseph Smith and all other Uhurch works. Fidelia Nelson, Emma J. Butler, Committee. IN MEMORIAM. MARY K. HARRIS, "Leaves have their time to fall, And flowers to wither at the north wind's breatb, And stars to set but all. Thou hast all seasons for thine own, oh D;ath." Mary E. beloved wife of E. F. Harris, and daughter of Thomas and Ann H. Gunn, departed this life February 29, 1904, from pneumonia She was born September 15, 18G8, in Adamsville. Beaver County. She was a counselor in the Y. L. N. M. I. Association, and secretary of the Sabbath Schcol in that ward for a number of years. She taught school in every settlement of Beaver She was married in SeptemCounty except one. ber. i8gr, to Brother C. J. Harris, of Beaver City, who in the following October took his departure to RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas an Alwise Creator has seen fit to call from this sphere of action our worthy and beloved sister and xMary j... Harris, therefore be it Resolved, that we strive to emulate her unwavering faith, her fidelity to purity and truth, her devotion to her home and religious duties, and her humility and respect and obedience to proper authority. Resolved that we extend our heartfelt sympathy and love to the bereft husband ana children and to the worthy mother and to the brothers and sisters and to all other dear ones; and that we sincerely prav our Heavenly Father that He will fill their wounded souls with the comforting and healing influence of His Holy Spirit, that they may realize tnat sne nas only gone netore to enjoy toe rest and reg ard of a well spent lite. That a copy of these resolutions be given to the esreemed husband and the worthy mother, and one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Aucf M. T. Tanner, Sec. Beaver, Utah, March 10, 1904. IN MEMORIAM Died at Lewiston, Cache county, Utah, March Sister Abigail Thorne Pond, one of Utah's Pioneers Sister Pond was born in the town of Sempronious, now Moravia, Cayuga county, state of New York, April 2, 1S21, being at time of her death 82 years, n months and 5 days old. She embraced the Gospel in her childhood, being baptized on the 30th of September, 1S3S, and was the first in the neighborhood where she lived to o.fer herself for this sacred ordinance. She emigrated to Nauvoo in 1841, and was well acquainted with the Prophet and Patriarch Joseph and Hyrum Smith, She was taught the principle of plural marriage and embraced the same, being married in the Nauvoo Temple Jan, 26, 1846, to Elder Samuel Russel. They left Nauvoj with the Saints when they ware driven from their homes, and endured cheerfully all the hardships and persecutions of that historic period. They arrived in Salt Lake City, Utah, in September, lbi, borne time after their arrival in Utah the husband apostatized and went with his first family to California. Some years later she became the wife of Brother Stillman Pond. Brother and Sister Pond were among the early settlers of Richmond, where they raised their fam ily and where Brother Fond went to nisweu-earne- d rest. Sister Pond then moved to Lewiston, where most of her children were living, and has resided here for a number of years, tenderly loved and a host of by her children, Saint, and friends. She was a faithful Latter-da- y a devoted wife, a kind and loving mother, and a friend to the oppressed. She was a member of the Relief Society in Nauvoo. was president of the organization i n Richmond for a number of years, and was a faithful worker until her health failed. She awaits a glorious resurrection with the just. 7, 1904, grand-childre- sore bereavement and regret that she should be called from our midst so soon, be it Resolved, that we do express our sorrow and extend our sympathy to her family, and also.be it Resolved, that we keep in memory her great and noble patience, and loving kindness to all fellow mortals and that we ever emulate her example, Resolved that these resolutions be published in the Woman's Exponent and that a copy be given to the family of Sister Nash. n, Rhodv M. Hendricks, Stake Secretary. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. In Memory of Sister Josephine F. Nash who deUtah, parted this "life. July 25, 1903, at Salem, was born in Letmis Tiania, Norway, Feb. 23, 1854. Adopted by the Relief Society. Whereas, our Heavenly Father, in his infinite wisdom has seen fit to call home our beloved sister and Whereas, we feel in the death of Sister Nash a ' In Memory of Sister Annie Peterson, Born in Plesing, Denmark, Nov. 20, 1814. Died in Salem, Utah, Jan. 15, 1904. Adopted by Relief Society. Whereas, our beloved sister Annie Peterson, has after a long and useful life, been called home by our Heavenly Father, be it Resolved, that we express our love for sister Peterson and onr appreciation for the good and noble work she has done among us, Be it also Resolved, that we sympathize with her beloved ones who still remain with us and who feel the loss of a mother and wise counselor, Resolved, that these resolutions be published in the Woman's Exponent, and that a copy of them be sent to her fanily. Mary Edman. INTERNATIONAL QUINQUENNIAL. THE APINFORMATION CONCERNING PROACHING THIRD QUINQUENNIAL OF THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL AND THE INTERNATIONAL CONGRESS IN BERLIN. I am in constant receipt of letters asking for more minute information than has been given in previous articles in regard to various details of the approaching Quinquen- nial and its accompanying International Con- grtss. ivvery inquirer nas received a personal reply, but, as the plans are matured, and in that process necessarily to some extent modified from time to time, I will ask all interested in the subjects to consider that this constitutes a correct answer to date to any questions that may have been asked me. If, as in some instances will be the case, the information communicated differs from that communicated in personal letters, I beg them to understand that the difference in the dates between this communication and the letters they may have receivd from my office, accounts for any changes in the information. Being in receipt of frequent advices from Berlin I can confidently assure my countrywomen that every provision possible is being made by the German committee of Arrangements for the succees of both Council and Congress, and for the comfort, conveni ence and hospitable entertainment of all who may attend them The German Committee of Arrangements is responsible for the preparations for the Congress only, which is to be held under the auspices of the International Council and immediately succeeding the Quinquennial proper; but the German Committee is interpreting its responsibilities very generously. Although the preparations for the Council proper are in the hands of a large Committee of Arrangements composed of the General officers of the International, the Presidents of all affiliated National Councils, and one member from each Council especialy appointed to serve on this committee, and, although this committee of which the President of the International Council is the Chairman, has worked constantly since Mid September for the success of the Council, it goes without saying that there are many matters of detail relating to the local situation which cannot be' arranged by correspordence. In regard to all these, the German Committee is generous with both advice and practical help. It is not improbable that all the sessions 