WOMAN'S Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS. Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copv one year. jjSi.oo; one copy six months. No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv50 cts ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 2s cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every except Sunday. dy, Address all business communications to Mrs. E B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post ttcond-clas- s Office tn Salt Lake City, I tah, as matter. Salt Lake City, Utah, April, CONFERENCE, LUNCHEON 1904 AND RECEPTION. The General Conference of the Relief Society was held m the Salt Lake Assembly Hall ia this city, Saturday, April 2, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and p. m., as usual, President Bathsheba The stands were Smith W. presiding. very prettily decorated with flowers and potted plants and presented a pleasing The Relief Society banner, appearance. which was made for the Jubilee of the Church in 1880, was displayed upon the organ. This banner is quite large and is mde of home made silk, heavily fringed and handsome lettering. The Assemfilled was with Hall sisters, and a few bly most and of the stakes of Zion brethren, were represented by officers, many of thetn from long distances. A luncheon was given by the General Relief Society at the noon hour, from 12 m to 2 p. m., at the residence of Bishop W. J. Beatie, 55 N. West Temple, convenient to the Assembly Hall, and about on3 hundred guests were entertained at tables. It was a very pleasant affair and gave the sisters from a distance an opportunity of meeting their president and counselors and others in a social way, where they could enter into conversation, exchange greetings and get a little better acquainted with each other. Monday evening, April 4, a reception was tendered the Relief Society Stake president-! and officers bv the General Society, at the residence of First Counselor, Annie Taylor Hyde. Invitations had also been issued to the First Presidency of the Church, the Patriarch, the Apostles, Presidents of Seventies, Presiding Bishops and other Church authorities, also to the Presidency and General Board of the Ymng Ladies' and Young Men's Associations. The elegant parlors and dining hall of Brother and Sister Hvde's residence were handsomely decorated for the occasion and the affair was altogether one long to be remembered. There was delightful music, and s me vocal selections given by Sister Brief adMaggie C. Hull and others. dresses were made by the General President Bathsheba W. Smith and by President Jane S Richards, of Weber St ike, President Emma S Smith of Snowflake Stake Arizona, President Ann C. Woodbury, of Sc. George Stake and others. The evening was most enjovable, and as this is the first reception given by the General Society to the officers of the sever 1904, at 2 EXPONENT Susannah S. Young, their lives were in many respects similar, Sister Nettie Y. Eas-to- n was invited to speak of her mother, SisD. Young the first pioneer woman, Clara ter a and said few words in praise of her noble DAUGHTERS OF THE PIONEERS. mentioned some of her charitable The annual meeting of the Daughters of character, deeds. After the closing exercises meeting the Pioneers was held at the residence of its to meet at Sister W. N. WillFounder-GenerSister Annie Tayloi Hyde adjourned iams, May 1904. 24, on April 11, 1904.. Meeting opened with prayer by the Chaplain, Sister Margaret P. EDITORIAL NOTES. Young, Counselor Isabel M. Whitney Sears, took charge of the meeting in the abThe sisters will please excuse the minutes sence of the President, lister Alice Merrill of the General Conference of the Relief SoHome, Counselor Elizabeth S. Wilcox was ciety not appearing in this number as it also present, Secretary read the minutes of was impossible to prepare them in time. the last annual meeting and the names of They will appear in the May number of the the daughters, whose papers were ready, paper. were read by the Secretary and they were There are now four new Stake organizaadmitted to membership in the Society. of the Relief Society in Salt Lake Co. tions The program for the year wh'ch had been Pioneer, Salt Lake and Ensign, as Liberty, prepared by a Committee consisting of the of these Relief Society no Conferences yet PresideL t Alice Merrill Home, Ler Counbeen have held, but will be selors, Sisters Isabel M. W. Sears and Eliz- organizations in near the future. abeth S. Wilcox also, the Historian of the probably Sis'ers Mary Alice C. Lambert and ElizaSociety, Sister Edna L.Smith and Treasurer Minnie Home James was submitted for ap- beth J. Stevenson have been appointed by the General President to attend Cache Stake proval and accepted by the meeting. Sister Alice K. Smith gave the history of Relief Society Conference at Logan, April the Society with a sketch of its Founder 30, and Hyrum Stake Conference May 2, Annie Taylor Hyde which was very inter1904. esting' and contained many important items On April 22, 1904, the first Revaluable to the Society which is one of lief Friday, Conference of the Blackfoot Society great historical value to the Latter-da- y Stake of Zion was held in Shelley, Idaho, Saints perpetuating the memory of heroes the elected President Ann H. Walkand heroines, the pioneers of the Great er newly presiding. Sisters Emily S. Richards American Desert. and Priscilla Smith representatives from the Sister Zina Young Card one of our General Board attended the Conference' and most eloquent speakers addressed the meetgave instructions. ing, her subject being, "A Broken and a By invitation of the President of Relief Contrite Heart," dealing with the martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch of the Society Morgan Stake, Sisters Mary Alice Church. A most pathetic theme which she C. Lambert and Lydia D. Alder attended handled with the true spirit of a Saint in the Relief Society Conference of that Stake of Zion, on Sunday, April 17. Sister Elizavery deed. Remarks appropriate to the occasion were beth J. Stevenson attended the Relief Somade by Sister Sarah Jenne Cannon and ciety Conference of Davis Stake held at Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson. The meet- Centerville, April 28, by invitation. ing must have beeu significant of the great We have on hand minutes of many Rework which the "Society has undertaken, lief Society Conferences and Seventeenth of viz., to follow out the plan ot forming comMarch celebrations, we are glad the sisters panies of tens, fifties and hundreds as did send them in and such condensed minutes the original pioneers. as we can find for will be used, but The President has mapped out work that the material is atspace hand to help make history, seems almost marvelous in theory and scope and therefore it is net sent in vain. The and will give those engaged in its develop- Outlines of Mother's Work have taken ment an experience specially educational in much of the space in our little paper and the history of the past half century. . we trust our sisters understand and appreThe regular monthly meeting of the ciate this fact as it has been with a view of Daughters of the Pioneers was held on Sat- helping the branches in their respective urday April 23, 1904, at the home of Sister Pnebe Young Beatie at 3:30 p. m. Counselor Isabel M. W. Sears in charge. As it was a very stormy day the attendance was ERIEF HISTORY OF THE STAKE BOARD PRIMARY ASSOCIATION OF THE SALT light, but the meeting was enjoyable, after LAKE STAKE. the Miss Phebe prayer by Chaplain, Scholes gave a reading from the journal cf After the first organization of the Primary her grandfather, President Wilford Wood- Associations by Sister Eliza R. Snow, the ruff which gave an accurate description of associations increased so rapidly throughout the entrance of the pioneers into the Salt the Salt Lake Stake cf Zion that it was deLake Valley and of other important inci- cided to organize in a Stake capacity. dents in connection thereto, Sister Clarissa The first stake organization was effectfd S. Williams read in a tender voice and m st on June 19, 1880, Ellen C. Clawson being effective style the hymn, "A poor wayfaring chosen as president, with Camilla C. Cobb man of grief," beiore commencing Sister as first and Annie Davis (now Watson) as Williams gave in brief a good word picture second counselors, and Vilate Young as of the author of the hymn and brief sketch secretary. Wells Shortly after Lydia of his life work. was appointed second couns:lor, Annie Sister Lucy Russell Pratt read a paper Davis having resigned written by herself on her mother's life, The sistt rs held these positions until the Sister Hannahette Snively Pratt a pioneer death of Sister Clawson which occurred in of 47 and combined with it something of 1896, she having held the office of president the history of her aunt her mother's sister, for seventeen years, during which time a al stakes and missions, it is an event worthy of special importance and one of al t. 