WOMAN'S For the Exponent . STRATION. ON BEHALF OF PEACE AND ARBITRATION. OF BERLIN. From Wansu's pier we sail away, Adown the Havel fair; By verdant banks and castles gray, Bright sunshine in the air. Hew clear the water shimm'ring flows. As swift we speed along! The small craft ever by us goes, With greeting and with song. The band plays in the steamer's bow, Songs famed in ev'ry land, No foreign thought these guests allow, Where warm is proffered friendship's hat rising there in view, Where palaces aboun I; Of thee come mem'ries not a few, Thy grandeur all around. O, Potsdam And there dwelt lovely Queen Louise, So famed in history; The palace almost hid by trees, Her refuge proved to be. Though many years h tve passed away, She is beloved still; Her virtues living e'en today, And they pure thoughts instil Romantic, green is yonder isle, The steamer circles round; While strains of music e'er beguile The throng, with restful sound. All hearts are beating full of praise, For honor freely shown, The dainty viands German ways, Politeness all their own. All hail Berlin, most generous host! All hail: Berlin the fair; "Yet greater be" this is our toast. Thou city of "The Bear." Lydia d. Alder. PEACE RALLYING SONG. Sung by by Maria Freeman Gray at annual supper of Pennsylvania Peace Society. Again we see the glory of the coming of the Lord, Again we hear a trumpet calling men to march aboard, And unsheath again the lightning of Truth's d sword. For God is marching on. two-edge- The Demonstration for Peace set as an Annual Festival to be celebrated on each recurring ibth of May was last spring, for good and sufficient reason postponed. This Demonstration will take place on October 8th. A letter has been issued to the Presidents of National Organizations affiliated with the National Council and to Presidents cf Local Councils and to members of the Committee which we hope will result in the following preparations for the Demonstration. First: Clergymen throughout the country will be asked to devote one service on Suuday, October 2nd to some phase of the general subject cf Peace and Arbitration. Owing to the fact that the Thirteenth International Congress of Peace is to open in Boston on Monday, October 3d, the pastors of the leading churches of that city have already arranged to devote their morning service to Peace. This should be an aid in securing the attention of clergymen throughout the country to the subject. Second: The aid of the Press is again invoked. It is hoped that local committees on press will be organized in hundreds of communities that these committees will put themselves into such relation with the local press that the public mind may be prepared for the special service on October 2nd and for the Demonstration on October 8th. Third: As the Thirteenth International Peace Congress will occupy the first week in October, it seems wise to avail ourselves of the impetus to interest which must be given by it, and to convene the Demonstration on Saturday, October 8th. The hour for the meeting is net specified, since every committee in making its arrangements should be left free to consult local tastes and local conditions. All members of this committee and all members of subcommittees; charged with the arrangement of programs are asked to see to it that speakers and other participants are chosen in about equal numbers from both political parties and from various religious faiths, since to be most successful the movement must be in form what it certainly is in and spirit, entirely non-partisa- We see 19 CALL FOR THE SIXTH ANNUAL DEMON- THE FLOATING TEA PARTY. A MEMORY EXPONENT. an army forming in the tumults of the mart, In the striving of the Nation, in the pulsing of her n non-sectaria- Fourth: As in former Demonstrations re- solutions of sympathy with women in other countries will be submitted, and also in order' to test the feeling of the country and to ascertain to what degree the attitude of It is the peaceful rousing, yet 'tis mightier than the International Council in Berlin is supwar, will of "fis a moving of the humble; yet they never shall ported by public favor, votes support unanimfor four asked the be propositions withdraw. Until Justice, Right and Freedom have been reously voted at Berlin which in substance alized in law, were as follows For truth is marching on. (a) The Council undertakes to continue Through ages comes our message, "Love is truest its scheme of popular education upon this liberty, a bibliography in the And the nation that is righteous is the nation that subject by preparing official three languages of the International is free, Hear ye, souls of men, a message that transfigures Council viz: (English, French and Gerhistory. man) which shall include the best brief For God is marching on. presentations and appeals. These it will The brave and true then rally at the sound of undertake to distribute widely in all of the countries belonging to the Council. marching feet For we answer to a trumpet that shall never call (b) The Council asks each affiliated Natretreat. And we march beneath a banner that shall never ional Council to organize a committee of inknow defeat, vestigation whose business it shall be to While God goes marching on. Ex make a carelul inspection of the histories are now being taught in the common that The above is a peace version of Julia Ward. schools of their respective lands, It is be- Howe's "Battle Hymn of the Republic," heart, White her lips and pale her features; yet we see the people start, For God is marching on. lieved by those introducing this proposition that it will be found that in many respects these histories are calculated to fill the minds of students with vanity, arrogance and prejudice. The object in making such au inspection is to secure books which will instil nobler ideas of patriotism and which will reduce military achievment to its proper plade and give to the achievments of Science, Art, and Industry their rightful recognition. (c) It is desired that the Peace Tri-colof royal purple, white and golden yellow which was adopted by the Council as its emblem shall be used at all meetings held in connection with this Demonstration. It is Loped that the distinguished workers for Peace from foreign countries who will come over to the Thirteenth International Congress will remain in this country, and that. their services will be secured places for independent Peace Meetings. For information and for literature concerning the Congress, and also concerning foreign delegates who are to attend it application may be made to Mr. Benjamin F. Trueblood, the Secretary of the Committee of Organization 31 Beacon, St. Boston, or Mass. Bespeaking the earnest help of all whose eyes may fall upon this public letter, hoping that the Demonstration held under such favorable auspices as must almost necessarily be secured hv its being coincident with the close of the Boston Congress, will surpass all preceding Demonstrations, in adand thanking all of my vance for the aid which they will lend to this end, I have the honor to subscribe myself, May Wright Sewall. Chairman of Committee on Peace and Arbitration for the National Council of Women of the United States. August 15, 1904. Indianapolis, Ind. EPT . ORIAL NOTES. Errata: The Outline of Lectures for Liberty Stake which appeared in our July number of the paper should have been signed Amanda F. Done, Laura L. Tanner, Anna B. E. Iverson, Committee, instead of the names that were appended. We are very glad to make the correction. Stakes visited in the mouth of August officially by the Relief Society sisters, are Ensign, by President Bathsheba W. Smith, and Sister Clarissa S. Williams; Cassia and Union, Sisters Elizabeth J. Stevenson and Hattie B. Harker; Juab, Sisters Clarissa S. Williams and Alice M. Home; Morgan and Woodruff, Sisters Rebecca E. Little and Arnie Kay Hardy; Wayne, Sisters Sarah J. Jenne Cannon and Susan Grant; Millard, Sisters Mary Alice Lambert and Carrie S. Thomas; Bingham, Fremont and Teton Stakes, Sisters Margaret A. Caine and Clara L. Clawson. Besides Stakes some branches of the Relief Society have been visited recently. Portland, Oregon, by Sister E. J. Stevenson; Emmet, Sister H. B. Harker, who also visited Denver and Pueblo; Jackson's Hole, in Idaho, by Sisters M. A. Caine andC. L. Clawson. Sister E. J. Stevenson also visited Emler. Baker City, and Indian Valley. Sister C. C. R. Wells visited Butte, Montana. 