Woman Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE, Vol. 33 CONTENTS. Alice Merrill Home Extracts from Letter Sister Mains Farmers Ward Relief Society 1 Mothers' Work 2 2 South S npete Nurse Relief Society Class., ..Emma A. Empey Notes and News 3 Relief Society Reports..., 5 in Memorium. 6 , Items from Berlin The Berlin Meetings Editorial 7 7 Volume Thirty-thir- d 3 4 A Decade of Service 4 4 Birthday Anniversary A Happy Birthday Party 4 Women to the Who Went Field Poetry The Clara Barton 1 No. 1904 1. Fales, Wittenmeyer, Gilson. Safford and Lee, And poor Cutter dead in the sands of the sea; And Frances D.. Gage, our "Aunt Fanny" of old, Whose voice rang for freedom when freedom was the great masters. The National Academy is so tunny. I am proud of our artists for the number of canvases we have, I don't blame Taggart for thinking we make a good sold. And Husband, and Etheridge, and Harlan and showing in Utah Art Exhibitions. 1 feel Case. so glad to know how to compare them with Livermore, Alcotf, Hancock and Chase, Eastern and European artists of today. And Turner, and Hawley. and Potter and Hall! The National Gallery in London has some Ah! the list grows apace, as they come at the call. Did these women quail at the sieht of a gun? wonderful Rem brand ts and Velasquez Will some soldier tell us of one he saw run? though I like the Boston one better than Will ht glance at the boats on the great western any I have seen yet. flood, We were interested, in the Bank of LonAt Pittsburg and Shiloh, did they faint at the blood? don and London Bridge, and Oh the wonAnd the brave wife of Grant stood there with derful Trafaiger square we saw so many them then, over "The Strand." Lud-gat- e times, passing And her calm stately presence gave strength to his H11I, Rutten Row, Victoria Street, Pall men. And Marie of Logan: she went with them too; Mall, tt. James, etc. Where a number of A bride, scarcely more than a sweetheart, 'tis streets come together they call it the cirtrue. cus, and Ludgate circus. There is much to Her young cheek grows pale when the bold troopbe seen in London. It is a great big world. ers ride. ., Where the "Black Eagle" soars, she is close at bis We did not go to the Tower. One day we side; rode down the Strand just to see how far She staunches his blood, cools his fever-burwe could go for one drive on the bus; we breath, 16 miles lor 8 cts, and then we were And the wave of her Band stays the Angel of went Death; tired, but its so interesting to ide on top of She nurses him back, and restores once again the bus. Dr. Snow seemed pleased to see us To both army and state the great leader of men. and met us up town one day. He may join She has smoothed his black plumes and laid them us in i aris. The Pailiament houses are fine to sleep Whilst the angels above them their high vigils looking structures. There were so many keep: names familiar troai association in reading And she sits here alone, with the snow on her various books, such as "Old Curiosity brow Your cheers for her, Comrades! Three cheers for Shop.'' "The Horse Guards" &c. her now-- . We left London for Dover and Ostend And these were the women who went to the war: and Brussels, Friday afternoon. Dover is The women of question; what did they go for? picturesque on the high cliffs. The trip Because in their hearts God had planted the seed across the channel is beastly, I dread going Of pity for woe, and help for its need; a in to do, saw, back. As soon as one lands in Holland high purpose, duty They And the armor of right broke the barriers through. everything looks so different. The houses Uninvited, unaided, unsanctioned ofttimes, are Dutchy the gardening different, women With pass, or without it, they pressed on the lines; are ran 'till the hoeing and raking with their wooden pressed, implored, they They they lines through, shoes on. The windmills are so picturesque, And that was the "running" the men saw them the houses are low and flat, the gardens are do. are trees the tall and kept, scrupulously 'Twas a hampered work, its worth largely lost; 'Twas hindrance, and pain, and effort, and cost; fringey on either side the lringe grows up But through these came knowledge, knowledge the tall trunk. Holland reminds me of is power, Nebraska country, only the green is more And never again in the deadliest hour .... "THE WOMEN WHO WENT TO THE FIELD." The women who went to the field, you say, 3 he women who went to the field; and pray What did they go for just to be in the way? They'd not know the difference betwixt work and play? And what did they know about war, anyway? What could they dol of what use could they be? They would scream at the sight of a gun, don't you see? Just fancy them round where the bugle-note- s play, And the long roll is bidding us on to the fray. Imagine their skirts 'mong artillery wheels, And watch for their flutter as thev flee 'cross the field When the charge is rammed home and the fire belches hot; They never will wait for the answering shot. They would faint at the first drop of blood in their sight, What fun for us boys, (ere we enter the fight"); They might pick some lint, and tear up some sheets And make us some jellies, ard send on their sweets. And knit some soft socks for Uncle Sam's shoes, And write us some letters, and tell us the news. And thus it was settled, by common consent. That husbands, or brothers, or whoever went, That the place for the women was in their own homes. There to patiently wait until victory comes. But later it chanced just how, no one knew That the lines slipped a bit, and some 'gan to crowd through; And they went, where did they go? Ah! where did they not? Show us the battle, the field, or the spot Where the groans of the wounded rang out on the air That her ear caught it not, and her hand was not there: Who wiped the death sweat from the cold, clammy brow, And sent home the no-;- message" 'Tis well with him Who watched in the tents whilst the fever fires . burned; And the pain tossing limbs in agony turned; Who wet the parched tongue, calmed delirium's strife Till the dying lips murmured, "My mother," "My wife." And who were they all? They were many, my men: Their records were kept by no tabular pen: They exist in traditions from father to son. Who recalls, in dim memory, ncv here and there one. few names were writ, and bv chance live today; But's a perishing record, fast fading away. Of those we recall, there are scarcely a score; Dix, Dame, Bickerdyke, Edison, Harvey and Moore, A . nt 1 Of war or of ptace shall we be so beset To accomplish the purpose our spirits have met, And what would tuey do if war came again"1 The scarlet cross floats where all was blank then. They would bind on their "brassards" and march to the fray. And the man liveth not who could say to them nay; They would stand with you now, as they stood with you then, The nurses, consolers, and saviors of men. Clara Brton. EXTRACTS FROM LETTER. ALICE MERRILL HORNE. Since Snnday last we have traveled a long way and seen many many strange sights. Last Sunday we left Liverpool in the morning, landed at London in the evening. This morning we left Brussels and and arrived this evening at Cologne. What a .wonderful change, we like it all. The weather has been favorable and we have seen things at their best. London smiled until we were leaving when she clouded up and cried a bit as they say. Oh but the Nntional Gallery there fine, fine. I like all luxuriant. At Brussels we found a beautiful city and a grand old. Church St. Gudule built in the 14th. century. There is a woman figure with electric lights around her. There are statues ot all the Apostles. The windows are very rare. The Church is built on a hill affording a splendid view. The art gallery has some fine early Dutch art. Our hotel Du Porte was very nice; they served good meals; we have been advised to drink no water and we arc very thirsty. Miss C. is a good traveler, she does remarkably well; we saw the lace making and the real laces; here. they are lovely and very inexpensive We secured some Post cards of v aterloo field, Churches and museums, lelt Sunday morning alter talking, and getting some points from two Americans; we found some nice people on the way a lady and two children French but nice; had the custom's official who merely looked in our grips. Their country roads are a marvel; numbers seem to be traveling on bicycles; the chestnut and other trees are ail in bloom. A holiday something like Easter is on flags everywhere. Old chateaus on the mountain or rather hill side are very beautiful, every 