WOMAN'S 92 Woman's Exponent BMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months. No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv50 cts ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel A liberal disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt LakB City, Utah Entered at the Post matter. s Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as econd-clas- Salt Lake City, Utah, May, 1904 OUR LITTLE PAPER. This number of the paper completes the volume of the Woman's Ex- thirty-secon- d we cannot but congratulate the women of Utah in having had a voice in the press of this Western land so many years. It is the oldest woman's paper in the West and has done good service for the Rocky Mountain region in standing for political equality, and the higher education of women, as well as for her moral, social and industrial advancement; not only these, but for the principles of tiuth and righteousness, as contained in the Bible, also in the Book of Mormon, and the revelations given in this last dispensation through the Prophet Joseph Smith and other inspired men. The paper has been a potent factor in helping forward the organizations of women in many lines; formerly it was the only paper to stand lor the asoociations, and in looking over the early numbers one finds much of interest pertaining not only to the Relief Society, the Retrenchment Associa tion, the Primary, the Kindergarten, the Silk Association, the Deseret Hospital, the Woman's Cooperative Store, and so on; and it contains almost a complete history of woman's work in Utah, and matters pertaining thereto. It has done good educational work for the people young and o'd; some of our best writers today made their first appearance in the columns of the Woman's Exponent, Although we have many other papers taking up the different subjects in special lines, yet the Woman's Exponent is as much needed as ever it was, for where we only had a few people to read, we now have many, and a great variety is needed to meet the deAnd while we may acknowledge mand. that it is not all that we could desire it to be, let us try to make it better and more acceptable by giving it substantial support. That is exactly what is needed. If the sisters in the Relief Society would urge the members everywhere lo take the paper and pay for it, there would soon be a very radical change in its appearance and the regularity of issues each month. Much space has been taken in publishing the Outlines of Lectures since the commencement of the mother's work in the society and other matters have been left out, but as much care as possible has been taken by the editor in adjusting copy satisfactorily. We have not been able to give as much space for reports as heretofore,but hope we can do more in the future. And here we ponent, and . EXPONENT may perhaps explain that it is impossible to publish even brief reports of all the Stake conferences held during the year. In the future we shall be obliged to condense reports of meetings more than ever before because we have, more Stakes of Zion, more missions, more meetings; and we must necessarily have a few other things to make variety. "The day is cold and dark and dreary, 7t rains and the wind is never weary, Thy fate is the common fate of all; Into each life some rain must fall, Some days must be dark and dreary. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, the honored guest, looked like a queen among her 'maids of honor," ladies of the court, and the sisters vied with each other in bestowing honor on one so worthy, as this venerable woman of more than four-scoryears, whose love and goodcountenance beamed with will towards all. The conversation was general and there were some charming musical selections Miss given on the piano by Miss Roberts of the guest of May Merrill, grandaughter honor gave a humorous recitation "Woman's Rights." Miss Priscilla Smith also recited one of a similar style. Dainty refreshments were served by young girls and the President Joseph F. Smith and his Counselors John R. Winder and Anthon H Lund came in for an hour or so and partook of the repast and participated in the social conversation. President Winder pronounced the blessing. The hearty congratulations, good wishes and blessings Sister Smith received during the afternoon, and the love expresed for her amounted to an ovation rarely given to any one, and it was all genuine in tone and sentiment, truly she deserves it all and far more. Her long life has been one of devotion to duty and full of integrity to the Gospel and the cause of Zion. May she live yet many-yearto enjoy the love and friendship of those among whom she has labored so long, and to see Zion redeemed, and the dearest wishes of her heart realized, and may her life grow brighter as time goes on, for she has earned rich blessings. ! e EDITORIAL NOTES. We are happy to be able to state that our beloved mother in Israel, Sister M. Isabella Horne, is very much improved in health, and we hope and trust will soon be well enough to visit among the sisters and speak in the Relief Society conferences of the new stakes of Zion recently organized, because of the division of the Salt Lake Stake over which she presided more than a quarter of a century. Since the April conference the General Board and missionary sisters have visited several Stake Conferences of the Relief Society. Blackfoot (a new stake) was visited by Emily S Richards and Priscilla Smith; Cache and Hyrum Stakes by Mary Alice Lambert and Elizabeth J. Stevenson; Benson and Oneida by Sarah Jenne Cannon and Rebecca E. Little; Beaver by Sophia T. Nuttalland Elizabeth S. Wilcox; Malad Stake and Washakie by Elizabeth j. Stevenson; Jordan by Phebe Y. Beatie and Carrie S. Thomas; Box Elder by Mary Alice Lambert; Emery, Elizabeth J. Stevenson and Carrie S. Thomas; Taylor and Alberta in Canada, by Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Louise L. Greene Richards. s "Who soweth good seed shall surely reap; The year grows rich as it groweth old; And lite s latest sands are its sands of gold. BIRTHDAY PARTY BEE HIVE HOUSE. A very pleaaant party was given in the parlors of the Bee Hive House (the official residence of the President of the Church) in honor of the 82nd anniversary of the birth day of the General President of the Relief Society, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith. The arrangements of the affair as we understand were in the hands of her nieces, and some of the Temple sisters. The decorations were mostly carnations and roses, of these 8a carnations were given by the sisters associated with her as their President in the Temple; other ladies gave a variety of beautiful flowers and a number of other presents, useful and ornamental. Sister Smith is very widely known and dearly loved, she is a pioneer woman in experience and practical economy in all the departments of home life. In carding, spinning, dyeing and weaving in early days here, she was an adept, and in cutting and making all household wearing apparel, table and bed linen, carpets, etc. no one surpassed her in skill and ingenuity as far as we know. In the organizations among women old and young she has had an active part and though both temporal and spiritual in character has maintained an even balance, and yet has always been a good equal Like her illustrious husband, suffragist. who was one of the foremost men of his time, she believed in equal rights, and in doing things, more than in talking about doing things. The day was not auspicious so far as the weather for it rained, rained, rained, and literally poured at last, reminding one' of Longfellow's Rainy Day: A PLEASANT PARTY. One of the most congenial meetings of dear friends and renewing of acquaintances was at a party given by Dr. Margaret C. Roberts in the spacious parlors of her new home on C. street in this city, Thursday May 5, at 2. p. m. It was in every respect a restful gathering, as we remember it wab called a Kensington, but only a few of the very industrious ladies had work in their hands. The rest of us were only talking to and admiring and complimenting each other and the hostess, who had made it possible for us to have this rare opportunity under such favorable circumstances. About fifty ladies were invited, and per. The decorations haps forty were present. were roses, carnations and lilacs, and the entire suite of rooms were simply baautiful; The musical part of the entertainment was delightful to all lovers of good singing. Mrs Leslie W. Snow sang in her most charming way "Tell Me" and "For All Eternity," afterwards, Mrs. Maggie Freeze Bassett.one of our favorite singers rendered in a sweet voice "My Rose Marie," and "The Old Man's Dream." a Miss Larson very popular soloist, gave in her clear melodious voice "O, Dry Those Tears," "Speak Love""Cavellieria Rusticana" and Jenny Lind's Swedish song by which she gained such popularity. The music added greatly to the enjoyment of the afternoon. Dainty refreshments were served on small tables the ladies being congenially seated 