WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the beautiful places she has seen in her trip Mrs. Home went to Europe to attend the Internationa Council and Congress in Berlin; she left this city April 18, ult., and went first to New York and afterwards to Boston to attend the annual meeting of the Daughters of the Revolution, which was held there early in May. Mis. Home was proxy for the Regent of the D. R. Utah Society, and was present at all the meetings and festivities. She was received with the greatest courtesy and had every opportunity to vote and to speak for the society she represented. The meetings were interesting, the entertainments enjoyable. Mrs Home sailed from Boston for Liverpool on board the "Cretic," Miss Christensen of Utah accompanying her, and Mrs. Lydia D. Alder and daughter May were also in the same ocean party. Mrs. Home ai rived in Berlin in time to attend all the meetings and gatherings of the International Council, which commenced the week previous to the Congress. Most of our readers have read a great deal of this wonderful Congress of representative women from many lands, and Mrs. Hcrne and others, who have had this privilege of attending and participating in these immense gatherings will be able to tell us something more of the magnitude and magnificence of these wonderful affairs, that have been so largely successful in every respect. No such Woman's Congress has ever convened in the world's history as this last one in Berlin. The great Congress held in Chicago in connection with the World's Fair, and the much greater one held five years ago in London, scarcely this last superb effort made compare-witby the great body of earnest, brilliant, strong-minde- d women, who are uniting their forces for the betterment of the world. Utah was well represented in this great congress, not only in having places on the program and the opportunity of speaking to large audiences, but in various other ways, garden parties, receptions, "teas," "coffees" and public entertainments. In another part of this paper Mrs. Lydia D. Alder has given a few items cencerning this great congress, and we shall possibly be having more and more of the incidents, and what took place, as thought crystalizes in the minds of those who saw and heard and took part in these brilliant assemblies, and drove and rode and walked through the grand scenery, and gazed upon the old ruins as well as the grandeur of the new in architecture, statuary, pictures, and all that makes the old world beautiful. abroad. NINTH WARD R. S. REUNION. By invitatton of the President of the Ninth Ward Relief Society of this City, Tuesday, June 5, 2 p.m , the General President of the Relief Society and the writer attended a meeting of that society; there were also present President Annie S. Mus-se- r of the Liberty stake and her counselors, Zuiviah G. Eardley and Mary E. Hodgson. Sister Lucy Kimball had also been specially invited. There was a good attendance of members, President Mary Mair presiding, both her counselors were on the platform, and Bishop West and Counselor Taylor Woolley. After the usual exersises, President B.W. Smith made some excellent remarks on the early days of the Church and spoke of the first organization of the Relief Society at which she was present; she then read seme of the Prophet Joseph's remarks to the sisters in that early day, which she had copied from the minutes kept by Sister Eliza R. Snow, the first secretary of the society. A lovely spirit pervaded the meeting while she was addressing the audience. Sister Lucy W. Kimball also related personal reminiscences of ths Prophet Joseph, in whose family she had lived and referred to the Prophet's wife(Hster Emma Smith), her good traits of character and her great charity; she alluded to her own home life in the valley after her marriage to President Heber C. Kimball. Other speakers were President Annie S. Musser, Z. C. Eardley, M. E Hodgson, E. Webb and the writer. Bishop West made a few remarks endorsing what had been said and praised the sisters for their good works. Counselor Taylor Woolley added a few earnest words and pronounced the benediction. Refreshments were served after the meeting had adjourned in a spacious room adjoining the hall, and social conversation, with instrumental music on the piano, and a song or two enlivened the hours and made a pleasing variety, which was most enjoyable. Four new ' members were enrolled on that day, which is always a hopeful sign of The hall was decorated with progress. beautiful flowers in great variety, and the visiting sisters were each presented with a These reunions are handsome bouquet. in to the sisters promoting sociabilhelpful ity and union of feeling, aims and interests. ANNUAL MEEING R. S. CANNON WARD. President Rebecca A. Sharp, of Cannon Ward in Pioneer Stake, invited the Society to meet at her beautiful home on Twelfth South and Redwood Road.to keep their annual day. Her parlors were well filled, a number of visitors being invited, and there was a good attendance of members, as well as Bishop Lewis M. Cannon, wrho was also in attendance. ' Visitors were General President Bathsheba W. Smith, her first counselor Annie T. Hyde, Secretary Emmeline B. Wells, Counselors Sarah J. Jenne Cannon and Clara C. Cannon, of the former Salt Lake Stake, and former Treasurer Margaret C.Hull. After singing, prayer, etc., Secretary Martha T. Cannon read the minutes of the last meeting, which were quite interesting and contained remarks by President M. Isabella Home, who was at that time President of the Salt Lake Stake, which included the four new stakes. Sister S. J. J, Cannon stated that Sister Home had been expected to be present at this meeting, but regretted very much she was not quite well enough to come. President Sharp made opening remarks and welcomed the sisters, was glad to see so many, etc. She spoke of a cse of sickness ia the ward and solicited means to aid the family, who were in distressed cirThe sisters who addressed cumstances. the meeting were first, President B. W. Smith, who occupied a few minutes in giving good counsel and expressing her pleasure in her labors, both in the Society and in the Temple. Counselor Annie T. Hyde followed, alluding to the subject of criticism and slander. Sisters Sarah A. J. Cannon, Clara C. Cannon and Martha T. Cannon each made excellent remarks and bore faithful testimonies of the truth of the Gospel. Sister M. C. Hull sung in her magnificent voice, "The Holy City." 13 Sister E. B. Wells spoke briefly, referring to the early days of the organization. Bishop Cannon was then asked to address the sisters, but said he would prefer to hear Sister Smith tell of the first meeting of this Society. In response to this Sister Bathsheba W. Smith drew a pretty word picture of that unique, gathering in Nauvoo when only eighteen women were present, though the Prophet Joseph was there, with Elders Willard Richards and John Taylor. Bishop Cannon added a few words expressing his good wishes for the Society, mentioning the grain question, etc., and willingTwo ness to aid them in all undertakings. new members, both young women, were added to the enrollment, and after singing and prayer the annual meeting was adi journed for one year. After the adjournment refreshments were served, including fine rosy apples raised' in the orchard where the home stands. Sister Sharp is said to be a model home-maker- , as well as a thoroughly good president, her counselors are efficient, and she has an excellent secretary and competent treasurer and corps of teachers.- EDITORIAL NOTE. Stakes visited in June and July of this year are Pocatello, Sisters Clarissa S. Williams and Phebe Y. Beatie; Tooele, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp and Elizabeth J. Stevenson; Weber, Sarah Jenne Cannon and Maggie C Hull; Big Horn, Priscilla Smith and Hattie B. Harker; Summit, Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Rebeeca E. Little; North Sanpete, South Sanpete and Sevier, Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Martha A. Cannon; Bannock, Sisters Emmeline B. Wells and Sarah J. Jenne Cannon; Utah and Alpine, President Bathsheba W. Smith and Sister Emmeline B. Wells; Davis; President B. W. Smith, Sisters E. B. Wells and Julina L- Smith; Nebo, Sisters Carrie S. Thomas and Mary Alice Lambert; San Luis, Margaret A. Caine and Hattie B. Harker; Wasatch, C. S. Thomas and R. E. Little. - For the Exponent. FOREIGN LETTER. July Fourth, nineteen and four, was celebrated by the Americans who live in Leipzig at Wald Schatke, in an enthusiastic and fitting manner. An automobile, with our nation's flags in evidence, first attracted our attention, while near the band stand, a beautiful new one, was in full view. O, it waved so proudly, as we stopped to count the stars in its folds. and ours the last, though Yes, fort3'-five- , not the least, by any means of that stately family. We had reached the place, by a walk of seven miles, through the forest of Couner-vit- z Holy, a little dorf or village. It was an ideal day, cool and pleasant, so that we scarcely noticed the long walk. We lost our way for a time and roamed through paths and roads each one seeming more picturesque than the other. The forests are so near the large cities here, that it is only a few minutes walk, to while away an hour or two in the company of solitude and silence. Seats are placed at intervals, where one may rest and commune with themselves, away from the marts of men. The river Bleise, a pretty, slow stream, winds through the wild tangle of shrubs and trees. The grassy knolls are dotted with butter-cups- , yellow as gold, and with- - 