WOMAN'S room in the house to impress him with the greatness of your ancestry, and then he Las possibly inherited a taste for that sort of life; however, I'll write to Prof. Hadley tomorrow to hurry him off to Oxford, and he'll have something else to do than dream by the seashore, his companions will cure him of idle day dreams." "Fm sure. William, you blame me for all the boys faults. I can't help my descent Irom naval ancestry. It's a great pity you hadn't married the Hillier girl, she is no doubt keeping herself single for your sake, it isn't enough to have won your affection but she's tried to win my boy from me to my sorrow," said Mrs. Windeyer between her sobs. "This is too serious an accusation to be passed over silently," replied the husband, "never mention Fanny Hillier's name to me again, I positively forbid it," and the irate husband walked out of the house without so much as good morning, the first time since his marriage. His love for Mrs. Windeyer amounted to devotion that had never changed through all the misunderIt was standings and unpleasant scenes. true he had admired Fanny as a sort of village sweetheart; but after he met Miss Ellen Fairfax, he knew that the sentiment he had cherished for Fanny was not the love of a lifetime; he had often felt sorry that Fanny did not marry, but he did not know, (as men seldom ever do) that she could never marry any ether man; such is woman's constancy when her heart is once given to her true mate, even though that love be given unsought. Fanny had never breathed her secret, it could only be guessed by the magician's art, which unlocks love's secret cabinet, and whispers when only soltly to the winds at mgnt-tim- e the birds are listening. Mrs. Windeyer fretted the live-lon- g day. She loved her husband, notwithstanding her temper, and regretted that they had parted in anger; but she was proudly ambitious for her son, she wanted him to become a man of brilliant attainments, high in the world's favor. She cared little lor the affection of the people among whom she lived, she seldom mingled with them and though at intervals she gave them outdoor parties, she rarely appeared upon the scene herself. Her husband felt this very for the village people, he he loved keenly, knew they were his true and loyal friends, seeking his interest, while he in return looked to the public welfare in which all had common cause. Gradually the lives of the husband and wife grew apart; there was no serious quarrel, she was unbearably sarcastic, and he took her sharp sayings in dumb silence, his love had received a fatal wonnd. Finally a heavier blow fell upon the household than even the division of husband and wife, for that might have been bridged over. Just when the Squire was planning what change might take place when Edward came home at vacation, a letter from the Professor came, bringing the sad news that his son had disappeared; te wrote "He has taken nothing with him. we have had every one of his old haunts searched, but no trace of him can be found, we are ourselves deeply afflicted for he has greatly endeared himself to us, and was most respectful and affectionate, but though we mourn, our hearts are much more deeply grieved for yourself and his poor mother." The clerk in the office looked up as he EXPONENT. 43 heard the sobs of this great strong man, "his master," when he read the letter; but the Squire took no notice, though as he arose to go he turned and said to the clerk, "Shut the office at the usual hour, say I have gone home if any one calls, I shall not come back today," and he passed out, the open letter in his hand. "Yuu have had bad news, sir, I am sorry, can I do anything for you? Can I help you? Shall I call a cab? You look so broken up," said the clerk. "No, thank you, I will walk, the, fresh air will do me good, besides I can think ever his name was spoken. Even his mother began to despond as time wore on, and no news came of her darling boy. She had been hopeful at first, but as day after day she watched and waited, she grew pale and sleepless, and finally so melancholy that old Dr. Gray advised the seashore, and her husband consented. "I shall be nearer if my boy comes back, and more-likel- y to hear news of him, and you shall know immediately, William," she said to her husband the morning of her departure. Aunt Matilda had come to travel with her as the Squire could not leave his business better." just then. "I knew how 'twould be," old Mrs. Yes, he had need to think over the situation. How could he tell the lad's mother? Hillier said, "I always said her pride would She would swoon, perhaps, he could not have a fall; he'll never come back, he's bear to go home, not yet awhile. He most likely dead, and that boy Richard walked away into the fields, he recalled the will never live to be a man. She's punishsayings of his son's boyhood, when he would ed hard enough for looking down on them climb upon his knee; things long forgotten as made their money for em." came back to him, "Papa, I shall go to sea "Now, Sarah, that's very wrong," said her and be a great captain and ha ve ships of husband, "she's not punished for that, my own, and build pretty cottages for the better folks nor her are chastened. What sailors," and he would sing of the ocean, does the Bible say, Sarah? Read about Job, the great bounding, tossing, foaming ocean. how he was afflicted. "Mind don't go agin Twilight came on while he strolled about scripture, there's not a better man livin' than Willie Windeyer, I've known him the fields, and when he turned homeward, the lights were streaming from the cottage since he were a wee lad, and as for Edward, windows. "I must go and tell Nellie our you can't say there were any evil in him." "No, dad, I don't say anything agin boy has run away," he said to himself, as Bristol wobut its the stuck-uon a bent as when one Edward, does he hurried on, suffer but she'll not the have for't, pride must have man, hafeful errand, lest he should a that's fall, scriptur, ain't it dad?" Supper was ready courage if he lingered. "Not and Nellie and little Richard were waiting exactly, Sarah, but don't rejoice in his coming. He knew he could not eat, anybody's trouble, its wrong, its cruel, bebut Mrs. Windeyer must have her tea, so sides you know how Fanny has always he took a cup, but his hand shook and his felt about Edward, she's sure he'll come wife noticing his nervous manner asked, back some day." "Well, yes, may be, and Carrie will be "Are you ill, William?" "No, only upset, I shall be better soon." married and gone, and she set such store by "Has there been a disturbance at the him. I don't see why I should be sorry for mills? The men grow restless towards pay 'em, they've brung me no end o' trouble, what with Fanny bein' in love with Will as day, I've noticed." at the mills, she'll never get over it, and Carrie with Ed"Nothing has gone wrong Edward, I'm the one as is to be pitied." about I've had a letter from Bristol "Carrie's love wasn't very deep I should ward." she's sweet now on Jim Farley think, "Has he gone away? Tell me the worst," a'ready, and you talkin' of her marryin' said Mrs. Windeyer excitedly. "I can't tell you, I don't know myself," soon yourself." "I'm glad if she do marry him and be and he handed the letter to his wife. done with't. I don't want another old But she did not faint, or even weep as in the family, a pinin' for something maid she read on, "This is the old story over never git." again; he's gone to sea, undoubtedly, he she'll "Better have old maids than bad husknew we would not give our consent, and bands for our girls, but I've no objection to so he's gone without asking. We shall hear from him soon, when he is far away, Jim Farley, he's a fine lad and a goodish so we cannot bring him back, he will take family, aud we know em for what they are, no harm, he was born to the music of the they'll have my consent when they're Xmas bells, rather a sea captain than the ready." It was hard for Mrs. Hillier to forgive, owner and overseer of these humdrum was an honest, upright woman, but she mills." fond of "bettermost people" unshe wasn't Mr. Windeyer took Richard in his arms, were less very amiable. As for Edthey for comfort, such a frail child, and he said never thought of loving had he "We'll go upstairs. I must answer this ward, was ten years older; but he she Carrie, letter tonight, he must be found." ' sister her adored Fanny, who was old Accordingly the father wrote to the shiphis to be mother, though of man ping merchants at Bristol for particulars of enough never had the boy yet dreamed. the ship's crew on board the vessels that had Three gone by, and no long years had sailed about that time, and also to the Of all the of Edward Windeyer. Professor to spare no means to ascertain news of out Bristol, most of whither the boy had gone. Hearing nothing ships that had sailed come back heavy laden and gone satisfactory in reply, he set out himself for them had Bristol and made diligent search, but all in out again, but still his mother hoped .on. She had grown stronger and returned to vain, no tiding, could be obtained. Christmas came, but out of respect to the Merton, and though a sort of gloom perat times, yet usually Squire, the villagers refrained from making vaded the place hoiiday the Wiudeyers and cheerfulness prevailed, any public demonstration. Never had there from Bristol. visitors without seldom were been such a quiet Christmas, so the women said, aud indeed the young man's fate was Continued on ftagc 46. truly lamented, and many a tear fell when kind-hearte- d p ge 