WOMAN'S EXPONENT. success of so large an undertaking." Six hundred people sat at the banquet, perhaps more, for the entire company were feasted. It was a mammoth undertaking but the are accustomed to Relief Society liberally. doing things Late in the afternoon the guests of honor, Presidents Smith and Winder, who had been expected, arrived and were heartily welcomed by the remaining company, though many of those from a distance had gone horn? disappointed because of their si-te- rs non-arriva- l. In the evening the young people of the stake, with a few of the older ones participated in dancing in the amusement hall President Smith in the same building. was among the number who enjoyed the dancing, and entered into the festivities of the occasion with his usual buoyancy of spirit, and desire to make others happy. r one for Granite The day was a Stake and it will long be remembered by those who enjoyed the pleasure of the meeting, the feasting and the dancing, one or all. These festive gatherings are restful to the mind and a decided change from the humdrum of daily vocations which men and women pursue in the journey of life, and a good way to emphasize a day which has become so dear to the women of Zion, as to be kept the world over. red-lette- FEBRUARY 29. J904. In grateful acknowledgment of the many favors and gifts bestowed on the anniversary of February 29th in this year of our Lord, it seems a fitting thing to publicly (through the columns of the Exponent) tender a few words of appreciation and recognition to those dear friends who kindly aud generously remembered the day. To the Utah Woman's Press Club for the Valentine Party, and Mrs. Maria Francis and Mary Kelly, who opened their house for the entertainment, and gave so much pleasure to the club members. To the Daughters of the Pioneers, for the delightful reception given at the Bee Hive House, to Mrs. Julina L. Smith, who gave the use of the elegant ' parlors and arranged for the guests, and to one and all who took part in the program, and especially the president, Alice Merrill Home, whose fertile brain planned the whole affair. We also thank the relatives and friends who gathered at the Cannon Farm, and who were so delightfully entertaining in songs, speeches, recitations and jokes. Altogether the day was a festive occasion, tha only regret being the absence of some members of the family, who were too far away to attend the gathering. It was a day long to be remembered, and words are utterly inadequate to give an idea of what ona wishes to say in return for honors bestowed, but we send herewith loving thoughts in generous profusion to all who, either by word, deed, or wish helped to make the day a happy remembrance. AN OLD LADIES' PARTY. Sister Ann Lewis, a veteran Welsh lady in this city, celebrated her eighty-secon- d birthday on Tuesday, March 1 , at the residence of her son, Walter J. Lewis. The party was partly a surprise to the mother, Mrs. W. J Lewis having attended to all the details, inviting the guests, among whom were many devoted friends of the guest of honor. It was quite a unique 77 gathering, most of the sisters present were over seventy, with just a few younger women The Welsh accent was very ap parent in the conversation, which was mostly of a reminiscent character, about crossing the sea and the plains,, taking leave of home to gather to Zion, and so on. A bounteous repasf. was served to about forty sisters, Brother Lewis, her son, being the only gentleman present at the table. The genuine good feeling and enjoyment of the day, including the sumptuous dinner, was very happifying. Sister Lewis was the recipient of a large number of presents, including many cut flowers and potted plants. These dear, aged sisters thoroughly enjoyed the social gathering. The Exponent offers sincere congratulations, wishing this our beloved sister, who left her native land for the Gospel's sike, many more such happy reunions, and finally to be reunited to her husband and companion who has gone on before in the celestial kingdom, with all their loved ones. BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. About a dozen lady friends of Mrs. Charlotte F. Richards met by invitition at the elegant home of her daughter, Mrs. T. G. Webber, on Tuesday, March 8th, to celebrate Mrs. Richards 77th anniversary. Flowers and gifts in great profusion were sent as mementoes of the day and of loving friendship. The lady herself seemed very and sprightly and young, has no indications whatever of old age. The dinner was delicious, and the table decorations were very like a wedding affair, past description by the writer. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith pronounced the blessing and the guests enjoyed the tempting viands and the animated conversation. Mrs. Webber is widely known as a delightful hostess and the fervent good wishes of all present were expressed for many happy returns of the day, to the guest of honor. The Exponent adds its amen to all the beautiful sentiments given, and extends congratulations, hoping health, peace and joy for Mrs. Richards in the years to come for her and her posterity. light-hearte- R. S, REPORTS. GRANITE STAKE. On February 10th, 1904, the 14th quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Granite Stake was held in the Stake house, President Emma S. Woodruff presiding. Singing, "How firm a foundation." Singing, Prayer, Sister Sarah Gibson. "Softly Beams." Roll called and minutes of previous conference read and accepted. Presidents reported: Sarah B. Gibson, Mary Belle Hamilton, Ann Eliza Neff, Annie , Labrum, Patrina Jensen-- Sarah A. Turn-boElizabeth Pixton, Emily Stevenson, all were reported as being in first class order, and each one felt that her own was w, the best. The topics touched on were in relation to our Traveling sister missionaries, the special missionary work and the Temple work, also that the dead should be laid away in a proper manner, that the poor as well as the rich should be clothed in the best of material, that they should have no cause to reproach us when we meet them, that the sick, the poor and needy are tenderly cared for. The subject of wheat was touched, upon, as also many other things. Sister Mary Boyle then sang very sweetly "O My Father." Brother Charles Helm then made a few feeling remarks in relation to the aged in our midst and our duty to the afflicted ones, closed the morning session by singing "O, ye mountains high." Piayer by Brother James K;.ng. Afternoon session, 2 o'clock. After the preliminary exercises were attended to the officers were voted upon and sustained. There were present on the stand President Frank Y. Taylor, Sister Annie T. Hyde of the General Board, and all the local authorities, with the exception, of Counselor Kathaiine Brockhank, who was unable to attend on account of sickness. Two beautiful selections were rendered on the violin by little Miss Agnes Clive. President Frank Y. Taylor then gave the sisters a few suggestions, said wre should plan our work ahead and do everything in a systematic manner and with order, that we should try to implant within every heart a desire to pay tithing and to observe the Word of Wisdom, and keep all the laws of God. Said "When we are fully converted to all the principles of the Gospel it will be no trial for us to observe all these Admonished all present against things. the evils of speaking against the Lord's anointed or any in authority over us. We should not allow it around our fireside or at table or anywhere else. A solo was sung by Sister Maggie Hull, entitled "Let he that is without sin cast the first stone." Counselor Annie T. Hyde encouraged the sisters to faithfully perform all their duties, that the sweet influences of the Lord would always be with them, we should be particularly mindful of the stranger within our gates, and especially the new converts. Sisters Maggie Hull and Maria B. Winder then rendered a duet, "Sometime, Somewhere." President Emma S. Woodruff and Counselor Mary P." Young each made a few remarks and thanked all who had helped to make our conference a success and felt that it had been a profitable one. We desire to have it known that a whole family and one other person has been converted through the efforts of our Relief Society sisters. ' Singiug, "Redeemer of Israel." S. Armeda Prayer by Secretary Young. Maria B. Winder, Asst. Sec. ST. JOSEPH STAKE. 4 The Relief Society conference of the St. Joseph Stake was held at Central ward meeting house, Nov. 6, 1903, President After the Elizabeth Layton presiding. exercises President Layton said opening she was disappointed, as no doubt the congregation was also, in the members of the Ctntral Board failing to arrive in time for our conference, but we were honored by the presence of President and bister Udall of the St. John's Stake, Eliza Tenny of Dublan, Mexico, the Stake Presidency, also members of the High Council. Eight branches out of ten were satisfactorily reported. Aid Emma Coleman believed the sisters were, as a rule, trying to live their religion. Without the Spirit of the Lord we should be unable to bear up under the duties aud trials of mothers. President William Johnson: "The Relief Society has . 