3 RELIEF SOCIE TY REPORTS. She's gone, but to a rest so sweet To all the faithful given, O may we earn through earthly life, The same sweet bliss in Heaven. BEAR LAKE Minutes- of Special Conference of Relief Society of the Bear Lake Stake, held in Montpelier inteting house on 10th and nth of September, 1904. President J.P Lindsay presiding. The general meetings commenced at 2 p. m. of each day. Officers meeting convened at 10 a. m., Sunday morning at Sisters the residence of Bishop Clark. B. Harker Hattie C. A. and Lambert Mary were the visiting sisters of Salt Lake City. A very aged Mster by the name of Wilcox spoke to us ot our beloved Prophet Joseph &nd quoted many things she had May her devoted life on earth Of patience, hope and love. Aid us to gain that prize of worth, From Him who rules above. Resolved, that these resolutions be placed upon the records ot the American Fork Fiist Ward Relief Societv, and that they be published in the Woman's Exponent, and a copy be given to the bereaved family. Emma Feathkrstone, Elizabeth Durrant, MCCARTY. EUZAHbTH SKETCH OF heard him spe.k. Sister Richards of the Fielding Academy spoke grandly on the gospel, education, and on Mother's Work. From our visiting Sisters, we received valuable instruction, the principal topics being Mothers' Work and gathering of grain and taking g( od care of the same. President William Rich and Bishop Clark spoke words of encouragement to us. The Spirit of the Lord was richly manifested during Conference and we all had a very enjoyable' time. Your Sister in the Gospel of Peace, RUTd HAYWARD. We have met together upon this sad occasion to show our love and reverence to ur beloved sister who has iust responded to the call which sooner or later must come to all of us, but while our hearts are sad because of the long separation which must follow her departure, we rejoice m the on thought of the glorious reception she will meetwelthe other side, for verily she hath earned tLe come plaudit, "Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." Sister Ruth U ay ward was born on the ist day of May, 1814, in Kent, England, and was therefore, ninety years, five months and thirteen days to old, she was married at the age of twenty-fou- r William Hayward. in Woolwich. England and proved a most tender and affectionate companion, their devotion to each other being a beautiful characteristic of their lives. She btcame converted to the Gospel and joined the Church in 1849, and emigrated to Utah in 1853, arriving in Salt Lake City just fifty-on- e years ago today. After residing t" ere for a period of eleven years, she removed to Richfield where she has since dwelt rontinuously, save for two years during the Indian troubles when she returned to the north, Sister Hayward has been an indefatigable worker in the cause of tha Master, laboring in all of the associations as an officer and member, with great zeal and energ5T. Her whole heart went out in tender sympathy to the sick and sorrowing, and her faith was so great, miraculous healings have often been the result. Her great charity for the erring has led them back to a higher life, and a belief in the goodness and love of a merciful Savior. Saints of Richfield can never The Latter-daforget sister Hayward. One of the first pioneers, she has been identified with every move made for the advancement and upbuilding of the city and community, and through all her labors the sublimity of her faith has shone forth as a beacon-lih- t The strong testimonies she has to her associates borne in the assemblies of the Saints has been an inspiration to them, and we know that tae closing of the life is but the beginning of another which shall be even more glorious and eternal. Louise JUAB STAKE The Relief Society of the Juab Stake of Zion held its conference in Nephi, nugust 27, 1904, in the Tabernacle in that eity. President L. AddieCazier presiding. Sisters Clarissa Smith Williams and Alice Merrill Home of the Gen ral Board were present from S ilt Lake City to attend the conference After the usu-i- l opening exercises of sing, ing, prayer, roll call and minutes, Sister Alice Merrill Home addressed the sisters. Sister Home told of her travels on the continent of Europe, and spoke of the many beautiful tbings she had seen; she felt it au honor to attend the International Council and Conference of Women and to represent the women of Zion. Referred to the great responsibility resting upon the women of today, and said many pleasing things concerning her journeying abroad. Sister Home concluded her speech with a strong testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel, and urged all to be faithful and active to work out their own salvation. Sister Clarissa S. Williams, General Treasurer of the Relief Society, spoke of the training of our children and the beautifying of our homes said our home should be the dearest spot on earth, and told of wajs aud meaus of making it so. Sisttr Williams paid a glowing tribute to the Juab Stake President for having a representative frcm every ward in the stake bt the confeience, also for having so many of the young people in the sreiety; she gave some valuable instruction to cfficeis and to all present. In the evening the officers gave a banquet at the home of Mrs Alfred Lunt in honor of the visiting sisters. Much credit is due the sisters for the complete arrangements which resulted in the pronounced success of the evening's entertainment S. Ciiappel, Sec'y. resolutions. Whereas, Our highly esteemed sister, at the close of a long and beautiful life, has been called to her heaver ly tome, we, her sisters who know of her loving deeds, and appreciate her many-noblqualities, desire to express our sympathy for htr bereaved fsmily, and to acknowledge her lab ors and ministrations of kindness as a member of the Relief Society, and- also as a friend and neighbor in the best sense of the term, Therefore be it Resolved; That we do humbly testify that faith, charity and humility were leading traits of her character, and that her steadfast devotion to the work of God is an example which we should all strive to emulate. Resolved, that we tender our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family and bid them look up, and trust in God. Resolved, that these resolutions be recorded in our minute book, an also presen ed to the family and published in the Woman's Expox. nt. Dated this 16th day of October' 1904. e - s B. Thurber, EMERY STAKE. Pres. Richfield Ward, R. S. Minnie A. Neijeker, Henrietta Celia V right. Counselors. E Be in, Secretary. Tulle r, Cor. Secretary. y Acn'-- STAKE. The Relief Society conference of the Emery stake was held ou Friday, October '''28, in Orangeville meetinghouse, Piesident j j Mary A. Sorenson presiding. Her counselors, Maria Guymouaud Mary J. King, also Secretary and Treasurer Maria Allen were There was a good attendance present. or the sisters from the several wards, nine wards being represented. Excellent reports of the woik being done were givtn by the respective presidents or representatives of the Price, Huntington, Castledale, Orangeville, Ferron, Molen and Emery branches. Visitors present were Sister Barton of Salt Lake City, Patriarch Johnson of Huntington and Patriarch F. W. Young, Bishop Robertson and Elder Frank Killian of Orangeville. Short addresses were given by the Relief Society stake officers, the visiting sister and each of the brethren during the conference on duties pertaining to Relief Society work aud testimonies were borne to the truth of the Gospel. e Lectures were ably given by Ruth of Huntington, on "Home Influence," and by Maria Fitt, of Orangeville, on Mc-Ke- "Parenthood," The musical selections were excellent. A vocal duet was rendered by Sisters Maggie and Rauie Jewkes, of Orangeville, a quartette by four sisters of the Huntington Relief Society; aud a vocal solo by Sister Killian of Orangeville, all of which wer- - very enjoyable. Two recitations were given, one by Sister Davis, of Clawson, and one by Sister Emma Elder, of Ferron; both were excellent. Stake Relief Society financial report was Maria read and unanimously accepted. xAllen, of Castledale was presented and unanimously sustained as secretary and The day was very pleasant and treasurer. the conference spiritual and interesting. The sisters from other wards all enjoyed the hospitality of the Orangeville sisters during the noon recess. Maria Allen, Sec. WEBER STAKE. The Relief Societv Conference of the Weber Stake of Zion was held inOgden, in tLe Make Relief Society Hall, on Thursday; September 8, commencing, at 10 a.m., President Jane S. Richards presiding. On the stand were Counselor C. F. Middleton, of the Stake Presidency and Bishop Robert McQuarrie. Meetingopeued with singing, "Let us pi ay," etc. Prayer was offered by Elder Rudd. Singing, "Come, come, ye Saints." Minutes of morning session of June conference read and approved. After reports were given uy some of the presidents of wards, President Jane S. Rich-aid- s said she was very pleased ro see so many present and to hear the reports by the sisters that they enjoyad thtir labors in this work, in visiting the sick and needy, and that none were lorgotten. She said, renumber the instiuction the Prophet Joseph gave to the sisters about visiting the sick; he told them it was their duty, and let us never tire of doing good to those in need. President C. F. Middleton said he always enjoyed the Relief Socitty meetings and the given, they were good all the time. Thought how good it was for Sister Richards to see new faces at the meetings, said if we are weary and tired with our daily labors, if we would go to meeting, we would rest our mind and our body by the change of thought, and get something to help us to renew our daily lives. He prayed God to bless us. Amen. Counselor Hattie Brown said she was 