WOMAN'S Woman's Exponent ,MMELfR B. AELL Editor and Publisher . monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copv one vear gioo; one copy six months-5No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv cts red by mail, extra for postage one veai 2 cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpanel A tvertising rates: Published 0 .ace one time $2.50; pei month f 3.00. A liberal to regular advertisers. EXPONENT office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m , even Uv. except Sunday ddress nil business communications to Mrs. R B. WFXLS, ilis-m- 5 Salt Lakes City, Utah i Entered at the Post matter. s Office in Salt Lake City, tah, as 'cond-clas- Salt Lake City. Utah, Mrch, 1904 THE WORLD IN TURMOIL. Although there has been a very decided movement during the last few years for universal peace, and many nations have expressed themselves in favor of the Czar's manifesto; yet the indications at present are that the day is far off when war shall cease to be. The war recently begun in the East may spread and continue for a long period of time; already the devastation it has caused is fearful to contemplate the sacrifice of human life most of all; and famine and desolation ever follow in the track of war. Both Russia and Japan are strong in their own wav, and it is not at all likely that either will surrender while men and ships and ammunition last, unless some fcueign power interferes and takes matters in hand. A few thousand men more or less slain will not affect Russia's population much; there are plenty more to be shot down or blown up, and their lives are so hard and barren of pleasure that they have not much to lose, 2nd in a sense they have no choice in the matter, for strictly speaking, they are serfs. To be sure, they have great mili ary commanders (with unpro nouncabie names). who are skilled in all the arts of warvand who are trained in military maneuvering, and know when and why and how to attack an enemy or circumvent the toe perhaps, but the Japanese are fight ing more for their country's protection, and the Lord may be on their side, and give them the victory. At any rate, there is greater sympathy for the "Japs" than for the Russians, perhaps because they are such an artistic class of people and seem to hve made rapid proeress in many ways during the last half century; all that we can say at this distance away is merely speculative as to facts or results, and time alone can determine, but one does know that the havoc of war is terrible. It may be that other great nations may be drawn in to protect their commercial interests, which is scarcely a laudable pretext for war. unless the protection of life depends upon it. Let us hope and prav that America may have no lot or nortion in this dreadful conBict, and thongh we have not in America at the present time a war on our s of one hands, we hsve manv kind and another, such as labor strikes and things of that kind, and it does create a comra )tion and a sort of unrest that is not wholesome or uplifting. In peaceful Utah, distu-bance- EXPONENT organ, this caused some changes also in the musical progiam. Sister E. B. Wells referred to the little meeiing held in Maonic Lodge Room where the society was born, and how magnificently it had gro Am and spread abroad since that day. bister Wells eulogized the lead-erof the movement, some who had passed away and others who were still living; Bathsheba W, Smith Without entering into the controversy, mentioned President alive who had been now one we declare that Utah is loyal to the United as the only memorable met ting. Sister at that States, and has proved her loyalty when present Snow recited in a very Young men were needed to go forth to battle, and Artneda it is to be hoped the plans of those who are pathetic and dignified manner the poem by Sister Eliza R. now on the plotting to destroy the peace and prosp ri'y composed Funeral ceremonies of President and Death come of this new and flourishing State will Brighara Young. to naught; that at least htre in these mounPresident Frank Y. Taylor made some tain vales, apart from war and its horrors, the people who made ''the desert blossom interesting remarks upon the labors of the as a rose," may be secure in the possession sisters and praised their efforts and comof the rights of free citizens of the great mended their ministrations among the needy in the various wards in the country of the United States, for the free- and distressed dom of which many of their forefathers stake; realized they had been a blessing blessed fought and bled, and they are not aliens, to the bishops and the autnorities; enfor and the future labors their in them have but loyal and free citizens, who should to them persevere. all the rights and privileges of this free couraged Bennion spoke a few Counselor Edwin of America. Republic sisters to perfect the minutes and urged Peace, O Peace, when will the nation, union that more might be accomplished, Lift its eyes and understand felt to enjoy the spirit of the gathering of How God holdeth all creation the people on such occasions, thought we In the hollow of His hand. must be one and come into a unity of the faith in oider to make greater progress. Sister Wealthy Richards Clark, one of the ANNUAL MEETING, BANQUET AND BALL-aids in Davis Stake.expressed her interest in Relief Society work and felt she could learn GRANITE STAKE. something about mothers' work in visiting On the 17th of March of this present Granite Stake. month the Relief Society officers of Granite Meeting adjourned, until March 17,1905, Stake celebrated the anniversary of the after singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire first organization of the Relief Society in is burning." Dismissed with praytr by Nauvoo, Illinois, in a very happy way. brother Helm. Committees of ladies had been previously The company repaired to the banquet appointed to take charge of special matters hall in the room below and the scene was and President Emma S. Woodruff and her gratitying in the extreme especially to the very efficient Board superintended the hungry ones. Tables loaded with good whole, and it proved a grand success in the things were set the whole length of the entire proceedings from first to lat. room, snowy linen, china and glass with About six or seven hundred of the peo- appetizing viands and a prolusion of flowerple of the several wards assembled in the ing plants upon the tables, presented a large meeting room. President Emma S. striking picture, glowing with brilliant Woodruff presiding, both her counselors color. Here Mrs. George M. Cannon, were on the stand, also the secretary, treaschairman of refreshment committee, with urer ?nd some invited guests, Pre? dent her numerous aids in white aprons, etc., Frank Y. Taylor and Counselor Edwin had their artistic taste in the way displayed Bennion. The stands were prettily decorof ornamentation. The curtain over the ated with floA-erand presented a handplatform at the east end of the hall was some appearance. Several veteran sisters raised and the broad platform utilized for were brought forward from the audience etc. in place of footlights, singers, organ, and given seats of honor on the platform ifi pots of flowers, bright with red crepe paper full view of audience. Sisters Margaiet for color effect to correspond with the table P. Young, Elizabeth Pixton (since deceased) decorations. Relief C. Atwood and Sarah B. Gibson. When the numerous guests were seated Meeting opened with singing by the conat the tables and all was ready, Sister gregation, "How firm a foundation." Woodruff, hostess of the occasion, called Prayer by Patriarch John Cook, singing, upon President Taylor to ask the blessing "Redeemer of Israel " President Emma the food, and while the people were upon S. Woodruff made a brief but suitable ad partaking of the bounties prepared for their dreis of welcome, referred to the day sixty-- delectation by the good sisters of the Relief two years before when the Prophet Society, Prof Stephens and some of the Joseph Smith had organized the first womlocal musical talent entertained them with an's society of which we have any knowlsongs and instrumental musical selections. edge with a few sisters, eighteen in all and The Pratt boys, sons of Mathoni Prart, from that small beginning had grown the little Agnes Clive, a veritable musical gengreat soc ety with branches all over the ius some of her sweetest tunes on the gave worm. 1 he speaker expressed her pleas- violin, Miss Summerhayes also sang one or ure in seeing so many assemb ed and wel- two sweet Miss Snow, of Manti, songs, comed them in a very happy manner. a dramatic gave recitation of "Judith" A few remarks by other speakers and ex- which was listened to with rapt attention. pressions of good will, and a duet sweetly The for the enjoyment of arrangements sung bv two little girls, Buelah Woodruff all invited were well planned and carried and Cathie McLelland, without accompaniout. Sister Woodruff and those who assisted ment, as there had been an accident to the should be heartily congratulated upon the where plenty abounds and one would think there might be peace, there is a ferment brewing, and men, and even women, ieem disposed to stir up strife and it possible cause persecution that may stagnate busi ness and bring about hard umes unnecessarily. Utah was prospering, and the attack is wholly uncalled for and upon her cause. without s p-o- , s 