WOMAN'S EXPONENT ued by singing, "We Thank Thee O God for a Prophet, etc." President Smith again The toasts were the significant feature of the evening. It was not a slight and irreaddressed the sisters, and said let our works levant circumstance that a burgermeister of be works of righteousness, and gave many Berlin, an official of high rank, elected for good instructions. Sister Emmeliue B. Wells twelve years, should for the first time in gave a short lecture on the subject of all history welcome a gathering of women "Peace" and felt through the efforts of in the town hall of the city. Nor was this woman a better condition of things could a perfunctory and meaningless function, for standing in the place of honor, with disbe effected. Counselor Z. J. Eardley presented the tinguished women from all parts of the names of the general board also the names globe on either side of him, he said, in the of the officers of Liberty Stake all were uncourse of an extended speech: sustained. "Who can fail to recognize the fact that animously Sister Maggie Hull favored us with a the women's movement of today, pressing solo. Sister Sarah J. J. Cannon member of forward with the might of an elementary the General Board exhorted us, to do all force, contains a sound and valuable founthe good we could and search out the dation, that it ushers in a significant and worthy poor, made many excellent sugges- promising epoch in the development of the tions, referred to some of President George human race? That this fact is recognized Q Cannon's views on peace. willingly and joyfully recognized -- among Counselor Annie T. Hyde said if we were the men of this city, let this festivity this true followers of Christ, in the true sense evening bear witness to the women. And cf the word, we would be advocates for so, in behalf of the municipal authorities of peace all the time, try and carry a peaceful Berlin, I welcome the members of the Interinfluence with us, and we would be the national Woman's Congress with all my means of doing much good, also spoke about heart as for the welfare of hunurses class. the manity in the sphere of public life. May Sister Lucy W. Kimball gave the sisters all the hopes that the women themselves some very good advice. Sister Elizabeth attach to this movement be completely realWebb thought it our duty to assist the young ized, and may their co operation bear rich to keep in the straight and narrow path, and and abundant fruit!" do good at all times. Burgermeister Kirschner was followed by Sister Hull favored us with another solo. Dr. Langerhaus, president of the Board of President Musser thanked all who had Magistrates, or aldermen, and for many helped to make our conference a success. years a member of the Prussian House of Singing Deputies. He made a most progressive adAdjourned for three months. BenDesire." Sincere is Soul's the dress in which he used these unmistakable "Prayer ediction by Counselor Mary E. Hodgson. words: "We fully support your efforts for justice Lizzie Robbins. Stake Secretary. and we gladly take our stand in favor of equal rights lor women ana men. . . . CLOSE OF BERLIN MEETINGS Rest assured that we have followed your wiih the greatest interest, and proceedings Mrs. Ida H. Harper writes: that we will cheerfully support you It was a fitting culmination of the most till you have attained your goal of equal remarkable Congress of Women ever held rights for men and women." that it should close with an official recepAt the close of each of these addresses tion by the burger meister and Municipal the whole company sprang to their feet Council of Berlin, capital of the vast and with uplifted glasses and cries of "Hochi hoch!" whose fervor never can be underpowerful German Empire. or town hall, is one of stood till one has heard them given by an The Rath-Hauthe many imposing edifices for which this audience of Germans. And then in this in built was and is honestly another lifted noted, woman after city great hall, one 1861-7at a cost of 10,000,000 marks. Its to a chair that they might be seen and heard tower is 243 feet in hight, and the inter- expressed their appreciation of the welcome ior is rich with paintings, sculpture, and extended by Germany to the Congress and decorations such as are not found in any its ideas, and voiced their determination building in the United States. The broad never to cease their efforts till all that they marble staircase was so banked with stood for had been attained; and not a dispalms and flowers as to have the appear- senting opinion was evoked from all the ance of a garden on either side. At the throng of listeners. Twice has this International Council been top is a lofty and spacious hall with many marble columns, and in the centre a large held in our country, and during past years fountain surrounded by blooming and aqu- many other large meetings have called atic plants. Near this, with the ladies ol there the distinguished women of the the Berlin Council Committee, stood the world. Never have they received such Board of Magistrates, with heavy gold official recognition from any city in which chains and medals about their necks, to ex- their conventions have been held. tend a cordial welcome to the guests. The This International Council and Congress latter numbered 600 visitors to the Con- have demonstrated in a high degree the gress and prominent men and women ol wonderlul organizing ability of German Berlin and after the invitations were is- women, as the arrangements were entirely sued, no pressure could secure one addi- in their hands. It was a wholly new extional, so rigid and systematic are the re- perience for them, but they put into it the strictions which prevail here in everything. same system and thoroughness with which At nine o'clock the magnifieent banquet for generations they have managed their hall the Fest Saal was thrown open, households, and the German "hausfrau" showing tables far more richly decorated is noted among the women of all nations. than would be possible in our White House. The Philharmonie, where the meetings The marble pillars, coffered ceiling, carved were held, is one of the largest music halls oak doors, richly panelled walls, beautiJul in the world, and has under one roof four chandeliers, paintings and statuary, made great audience rooms, besides many others for various purposes. It was turned over a picture not to be forgotten. s, 0, 3i to the Berlin Committee of eleven women just three days before the Congress was to open, and at once they put a hundred people at work. Temporary partitions were made wherever needed, and thus long corridors and bare apartments were transformed into art galleries, drawing-room, cafes, tearrooms, writing rooms, etc. Paint was used where it seemed necessary, draperies, tapestries, and pictures were hung, the platforms were banked with flowers, the court was transformed into a garden, and the long entrance porticoes into a bower of evergreens. Tables were provided in each of the four halls for fifty reporters, and they were present at most of the meetings. A large room was with equipped every facility for their sendoff ing reports, including telephone and telegraph. The government itself established a branch post office in the lobby. Not a detail was omitted which would add to comfort or convenience, and all this splendid arrangement was the work of women, and so perfectly planned that it could be carried to completion in three days. The program book itself was a marvel, a pasteboard covered volume of 140 pages, well indexed. It opened with a brief hisof the tory Council, what it expected to do, and a comprehensive introduction to the various departments which the congress would consider education, industries and professions, charities and philanthropies, laws, etc. These were followed by the names of officers, committees, delegates, and speakers, by countries and alphabeticnew amend, ally; the constitution, ments proposed, report of last executive meeting, the full program for every hour, and a plat and guide for the intricacies of Philharmonie Hall. Then came the day, date and directions for all the social entertainments; list of the arts and crafts exhibits and the various public institutions which would be open to the visitors; the addresses of all the embassies and consulate; location of the various churches; the galleries and museums, with hours of admission, the monuments, open-ai- r gardens and exhibithe the art tions, shops, high schools, the excursionsthe Next theatres, popular were names of hotels, pensions and restaurants which were vouched for; then of women doctors and dentists; also the street and number for baths and hairdressers, steamship offices and railroad stations, lost and found bureaus, police stations and emergency hospitals, the legal rate for carriage hire, and lastly an excellent map of Berlin. Really, it seemed to be the most complete thing of the kind ever issued. Before the Congress opened, 2,500 season tickets had been sold at six marks, (about $1.50) and hundreds of day tickets were purchased at two marks. There were over fifty ushers, all young women from the high schools under the direction of Fraulein Alice Salomon, a graduate of Berlin University. Four meetings were in session at the time in the different rooms, people going from one to the other, between speeches, to hear those in whom they were especially inteiested, but all was quiet and The discipline which one sees orderly. everywhere in Germany was evident here, and there was never any talking or confusion in the back part of the ball. The sessions began in the morning at nine o'clock and lasted till half past one or two, and from eight until ten or eleven in the eveWhether the men thought they ning. s, rest-rooms- . by-law- s, - 