WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Sister E. S. Taylor's death occurred about ii a.tn. Tuesday, December 6, 1904, in this city. at her e One less at home! The charmed circle broken a dear face Missed, day by day from its accustomed place, But purified and by grace, d One more in heaven! The funeral services of Sister Taylor were held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Sunday, December ir, under the aus- pices of the General Board of the Y. Iy. M. I. A. assisted by the Y. M. M. I. A. The hall was artistically draped in white, giving an effect of the utmost purity in design, the flowers were delicate in color and beau- tiful in variety, and the entire appearance of the building denoted perfection in all its details. The officers and General Board were seated on the stands, the upper tts.nd only bting occupied by the First Presidency of the Church and some of the speakers. President Joseph F. Smith presided, and also made the principal address in honor of the deceased. Everything was of the highest order of merit and excellence, as well as beauty in every particular. The whole effect was of purity and sublimity in keeping with the life and character of their departed president and leader. At another time we hope to make a more extended notice of the funeral. AN ARIZONA CHRISTMASIn a country new, where settlers made Their cabins far, far apart, Where heavy timber deep shadows laid, Lived a woman sad at heart; For her husband was an outlaw wild, - And fleeing from law and men. Had left his home and wife and child, In a lorely mountain glen. Many a weary month had passed Nor letter nor tidings came; Of whom could the lonely woman ask, When the very thought was shame? She had tilled the ground and gathered in The little store of food, But count it all, 'twould not suffice, To fill their wants tho' rude. And she thought of the little feet all bare, Toughened and bruised and cold, And then, of the mining town 'twas there The miner's brought their gold. She knew of but one thing she could sell. And 'twas not a woman's task, But had not a woman a right as well? She would go and see and ask. And so she gathered the fallen wood, And harnessed the faithful team, She pile' I it high and she bouud it good And through it all, like a dream, She saw her table filled again ith good things needed long feet and then d Shoes for the Unconscious hummed a song. When she reached home the sun was down, But she baked the next day's bread: She brought in wood and piled around, Then supper, and prayers were said, When the morning broke, as they sat and ate, She said to her childien three: "I am going away, and it will be late Before you must look for me; But here is food for the noonday meal And this is for supper too; And keep a fire, and cheerful feel And God will watch over you. V stone-bruise- "If you are sleepy before I'm here, Lie down in your mama's bed, With hearts of prayer, and no danger fear, But rest in peace instead; Keep shut the door, for the wind may rise, And perhaps the snow may fall; And mother will bring a glad sutprise, If ton do as I've told you all " And then she kissed each sunburned cheek And fastened herself, the door; But looked back oft to the lonely place From the dreary road before. Ten of the fifteen miles were gone, When out from the dark'ning cloud The thunder broke with a heavy roar And the wind swept high and loud, The earth was drenched with a chilling rain, And then it changed to snow: 'Till her trembling form was filled with pain, And five miles yet to go. Slowly the laithfulteam went on With dull and drooping head; The light of day from the earth had gone But the gleamed ahead. town-ligh- ts Out from a building bright and warm, A rough man stepped, then called And others hastened out in the storm And faced as with fear appalled A team that stood as if hewn from stone. A figure above, all white That turned nor moved when the bright light, shone, Nor answered the men's salute, They climbed the seat and they lifted down The form in a man's coat clad. They bcre it in and gathered 'round With faces wondering, sad. Then a shock went 'round the eager crowd As they saw a woman's face "A woman!" they dared not speak out loud, "In such a nigl.t. and in such a place!" A face that none there e'er had known But the coat some knew that Hell; There were bullet holes in the sleeves and one Could the owner's story tell. "It is Dick Hale's coat! It is Dick Hales' wife! And she has been forced to bring That wood to sell and has risked her life For her children's suffering." Then while they stared, the warmth brought back. The course with pain; Of help and comfort there was 10 lack But her poor bewildered brain Cared not the faces of rude, rough men That tenderer grew at her cry, ' I must get back to my home again Or my little ones will die." life-blood- 's "We'll take you back, yes, this very night, As fast as a team can go, Tell what you want, it will be all right We'll be oft in an hour or so." Out of the shamed old coat she drew A paper, and they read: "Shoes for Dick and little Sam, A dress of white and red For baby May, and some trifles small To hang in their stockings, then Two story books, and a lit'le doll, And sugar and tea." The men Passed it around; "Who'll buy the load?" Every hand in the crowd went high, And every rough face smiling showed One thought as they passed by. Out in the storm and' adown the street To the largest store they went, It was Christmas Eve, and cold nor sleet Could hinder these men's intent. Said one, "I'm in for a big fat goose, it's good on a Christmas day. Fixed up right with cranberry juice And apples and pies, anyway." Said another, "just give me a spiced pork roast. And a pudding boiled women knov how And rich mince pie. and doughnuts; most People would like that now?" 45 And of toys the pile assumed surh size, That the merchant smiling, said: "You have large families, I surmise""' But the buyers went ahead, Apples and oranges, red and gold. Harmonicas, drums and fifes, Painted horses and lions bold. Marbles and mittens and knives. Then gently came the grocer's wife: "For the little girl a doll, For the little boys a top and a knife, 'Twill please them best of all." The grocer tied up rasins and rice, Sardines and pickles and jam. Coal-oisoap, and tea and spice; "That's the kind of a man I am," l, Back to the warm old "Grocery" went The men with great bundles all; And the smiling merchant swiftly sent The varied parcels all; Asleep the wearied mother lay, The glowing lamp turned low; She needs to rest the time away 'Till the boys are here to go." Then the sound of light bells woke the air And the moon shone clear and bright, On a loaded sleigh, at the old place where; The tired team stopped that night. The goods all in they brought her outAn1 helped her to her seat; A bear skin robe piled high about And soft furs at her feet; The skin of a mountain lion spread Before her to ward the cold, A purse, "The price of the wood," they said In her trembling hands to hold. - "Goodbye! A Merry Christmas!" cried The grocer's honest voice; And the group that stayed behind, all tried In "hurrahs" to vent their joys. Forward the Livery's horses sprang, And the hardy, true souled men Out on the night air loudly sang, A Christmas song of their childhood's time, Forgotten, for oh' so long But the Christnas spell and its own old rhymes, Freshen even the heart gone wrong. Was it the same road she had come, Facing alone the storm, Sinking at heart and with lips benumbed, And now, all blessed and warm? O, the flying hoofs and the ringing bells, And the world so sparkling bright. Yes the presence of His Spirit tells It is the one, same night. Where her jaded team, with its heavy head Dragged painfully and slow, The shining harness like silver glowed And crystals gemmed the snow, The outlaw's coat was hid in furs And joy, not pain ,vas here, The trust of the pure in heart was her's And her home and loved were near. had flown those splendid four, While wrapt in her rest from pain, They had drawn the rein at her own door, She was with i:er own again. Thev enteied in and all quiet lav Both little Dick and Dan, And across the body of baby May, Dick clasped her dimpled hand, From the great back log still glowing there The smouldering embers warmed; d O'er feet, uncovered, bare, In peaceful sleep unharmed. Ah! they stone-bruise- They brought in all the great sleigh's load Then a Yankke spoke up after that: "You can all get what you please. But mine's a turkey you bet your hat! As silently as though The peace and bliss of that abode Were such as angels know. At last they turned and looked at her, And at the children's bed, Then at the chimney's mantle; "Were You going to?' ' ' Yes' ' she read The happy' question; "Help me, please, For I don't kno v" "Yes. but we do;" And m a moment on bended knees, Boxes were opened out to view, But each one carried out his own plan, As he had a right to do; And each one thought of little Dan, Of Dick and the baby too. Boots and with stockings gay, They hung them up high above; Toys and music and books in array, O, sacrifice! and O, love! Blessings to gladden the lonely place, Then an English born, pleased voice said "No, Roast beef is a better still, With real plum pudding and a cake or so, It makes a right royal fill." With pumpkin pie, stuffing and cheese." red-topp- 