WOMAN'S the Young Ladies', she acquitted herself creditably and we, Mrs Dougall and the writer, were very proud of Utah delegates. The' American Federation of nurses followed. Miss Helena Bernard delegate. As this is a subject of intense interest to us we listened attentively as she gave an idea of the work the nurses were doing as a. federated body. Supreme Hive Ladies of the Maccabees was given by Miss Bina M. West, Supreme Record keeper, and when she gave the financial condition of this society it made ones head swim, it included so many thousands in treasury. The afternoon was given to reports first being National Christian League for the Promotion of Social Purity, President Mrs. Elizabeth B. Grannis. National Association of Colored Women Mrs. Davis delegate, National Council of Jewish Women Mrs. Hannah G. Solomon, this report was a particularly fine one and in many respects unequalled. Great Hive of the Ladies of the Modern Maccabees, and several other organizations were reported during the afternoon but a number of the organizations were not representedat ail. In the evening a reception was given by Mrs. May Wright Sewall at her home, a very brilliant affair, and very enjoyable; many interesting people including a number of distinguished gentlemen doctors, lawyers, professors etc. Possibly one of the Utah women might give a good description of the elegant home, and spacious, and of the bric-a-brornaments paintings etc., but not the writer, these things are not in her line. Day followed day with work on committees and in regular business sessions. Thursday afternoon was given up for a trolley ride and to see the city, to be followed by a "tea" to the National Executive at the elegant home of Mrs John Candee Dean, (a niece of Mrs. Sewall's). Meeting in the evening at the Piopylaeum in the large hall speakers, Mrs. Wyraan of the Relief Corps. G. A. R. Mrs. Krebs of San Francisco, Grand Army ot the Republic. Miss Louise Lee Hardin of the Business Woman's Journal and Mrs. C. C. Bradford of Colorado, Miss. Ackermau on the flag, Mrs. Sewall on Internationalism, etc., until a very late hour. "Friday morning 9:30" was to be given to Local Councils Mrs. Kate Huntington Day reported Local Council of Indianapolis, Mrs. Maud H. Showers Local Council of Bloom-ingtoand Mrs. Pauline Steinem Local Council of Toledo, Ohio. Mrs. Grannis, chairman of committee on Resolutions brought in the report, the following were adopted. That the Church universal be asked to place women on an absolute equality with men in the pew, the pulpit, in council and in debate, and that the church elect from one to one-halits officers and members of committees from the women members. far-reachi- ac up-stair- s, n EXPONENT. shall be entitled to the name of its father, and sha:l share in his property the same as children of legal parentage. That the National Council of Women take such steps as are necessary to establish juvenile courts in States where they do not exist. That the members of the National Council put themselves on record as advocating servicable and hygienic dress, as opposed to extremes of fashion or to forms of wearing apparel which leave any doubt as to the modesty of the wearer. The resolution which caused so much discussion was as follows. (The writer so far has not succeeded in finding the resolution as it was brought before the committee of which she was a member also Mrs. Maria Young Dougall but we give it here as it was published after being modified). 'Resolved, That any practice which undermines the foundation of family life should be strongly deprecated, and since polygamous marriage is a terrible evil, which threatens to destroy the home and the state in portions of our country, the people should petition and protest against the seating in our national Congress any man who may practice or subscribe to it." Although the resolution was tabled the women who favored it gave warning that the subject would be voiced once more before the council made its final adjournment. Mrs. Wells and Mrs. Dongall strongly protested against this resolution coming up at all and urged that Congress had already brought the matter before the Senate of the United States and that the Senate would and was sufficiently able to settle its own affairs, but the advocates of the resolution were persistent in bringing forward all the stories current against Utah and its people and declared the resolution was sent from Salt Lake City by people who knew of continued practice of polygamy and they compared Senator Snioot's case to that of Breckenridge of Kentucky, etc etc. It was simply talking against the whit wind so to speak, but nevertheless we succeeded in getting the Resolution tabled at bst and practically killed, although we had to listen to the speeches of women who reallv knew nothing of the question at issue, but were fighting a phantom through misrepresentation of those who know not what they do. The newspapers say there were 6 against tabling and 40 in favor of it, but there were really only 5 against it just one eighth of the assembly. t-- 1 REPORT OF THE NATIONAL WOMAN'S RELIEF SOCIETY TO EXECUTIVE SESSIOM OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN IN INDIANAPOLIS, 1ND., FEBRUARY holding salaried positions in the public schools is an adverse restriction and criticism upon honorable wedlock, the rights and privileges of wives and mothers and a curtailing of the value of schools to the boy and girl pupils and a wrong to the body politic. That when a child is born out of wedlock, and the name ofi ts father is definitely known by admission or proof, the child 3, 1904. f That excluding married women from 69 PRESENTED BY MRS- - PHEBE YOUNG BEATIE Madame President and Ladies of the Council: Since the report of the National Woman's Relief Society, at the Executive session of the Council in New Orleans last March so little time has elapsed that one has not much to tell in the way of progress, yet in the number of meetings and conferences and in visits among the women of the Society more has been done" than during any previous year. Our society has held over one hundred and fifty conferences; more than sixty of these have been attended by the General officers cr members of the General Board who travel in many instances loug distances and often by team over rough country roads through mountain passes or canyons to encourage, instruct and assist those who are living far away from headquarters and have fewer opportunities and advantages of acquiring knowledge cr understanding the practical work of the Society along progressive lines. Our organization is charitable and philanthropic and we reach out to the poor and needy and unfortunate, the sick and the afflicted, yet we also try to teach the people how to live properly and how to avoid much that tends toward dependence and poverty by making better use of their time and means. In the women's meetings and conferences we listen to reports of what has been done in given localities and we thus cemprehend betier what the family life really is. When a local president reports her society work in conference, she in a measure represents herself and the people among whom she dwell and with whom she labors in the relief work. To hear these reports gives one a wonderful knowledge of human nature, and broadens one's ideas of people and serves to create an intense desire for better methods of helpfulness; in fact the benefit is just as great to the women who go out among the people as it is to those who are visited. These visits to conferences during the year have extended 2s far north as Canada, and south in Mexico. Our last report stated that we had introduced into our society in all its local branches what we designate as mother's An outline of the subjects is prework. a competent committee and preby pared sented by women selected to lecture briefly on the special subject: after the lecture everyone present is at liberty to ask questions or discuss the subject and in this way the lecture is explained and better understood by all. This method has increased the membership largely and brought mote young The subjects mothers into the society. to treated upon relate closely marriage, its to prenatal influences, care of puropse, etc , the infant, the child, its rights and privileges, obligation of parents, etc , home life, necessity of obedience, industry, honesty truthfulness, virtue, reverence for God and sacred things, and all that will tend to make life desirable and better in the home and promote the welfare of the community. The education of trained nurses to care for the sick who are needy and also as a to young women, inmeans of troduced as a department of Relief Society work some years ago, has been most satisfactory during the past year. Dr. Roberts, who had been so successful heretofore in this branch of relief work, has had a larger number of students and from a wider area of The class numbered country than before. , number of this seventy-fiv- e eighty-sixfrom the certificates graduated and received State Medical Board, as competent trained nurses, these young women were from different counties in Utah and twenty-eigh- t The course of some from adjacent states study includes physiology ard hygiene also domestic scieuce as it relates to the sick room. These nurses trained tinder the supervision of the Relief Society give a certain specified amount of time among the sick self-suppo- rt 