WOMAN'S very much interested in the instructions that had been given this morning, felt we had a good band of workers in the Relief Society, Said we had much to do to prepare for the future; we should be ready, for we never know when the call will come. She asked for the Lord's good spirit, and thought we should feel whafever comes it is His will She desired to be worthy, and to do her duty with the blessing of the Lord. A young girl from Preston spoke of a wonderful manifestation four years ago of the power of God in her behalf. She had expected to te operated upon, but wa anointed by Sister Zina Young. Sisters Jane Richards and Emily Richards and Sister Card: the next mojning she was able to rise and dress, according to the promise conferred upon her by Sister Zina Young through the Holy Spirit. Sister Shupe reported Eden Ward sisters as doing their duty and all going on well. Sister from Liberty said their ward was small, they were few in numbers, seven to nine was the largest attendance, but the sisters were good and willing to do all iu their power for each other and the society. Sister Eliza Tracy of Huntsville said she had sickness in her family and had not been able to attend meetings, felt she was the loser; she always enjoyed tbe meetings; reported all were doing well in their society. Sister Faulkner, Plain City, thought tbe sisters were doing their duty and had the good spirit with them. Sister Stewart, of Warren, Said they enjoyed " their religion and the spirit of the Lord. Sifter Ayres, Harrisviile, made a good report air well and doing the best they could. Sister Thomas; of LynnT said she Blways felt hippy when she came to meeting; reported all weli with the Society. Sister M.J. Maycock, P.easant View, said all were in good working order, trying to serve the Lord. Meeting adjourned until 2 pm. with singing "O my Father." Benediction by Elder Franklin S. Richards. At the close of the morniag session all were invited to partake of a banquet served in the spacious dining h ill below, the tables were arranged in the form of the letter "T" and would seat about one hundred and fifty n at a time. Stake Counselor C. F. asked the blessing, and the guests were feasted to their heart's content, the tables were filled again and again. The good sisters of Weber stake are to be congratulated on this sumptuous repast, to which all present at the conference were made Mid-bleto- Afternoon session President Jane S. Richards presidiug. , Meeting opened with singing, "A poor wayfaring man of grief," etc. Prayer offered by Bishop Robert Farewell all earthly singing, honors." President Adeline Belnap ot Hooper reported her ward they had some sickness, but felt ble-i- t iu having good sisters willing to help with faith and works; bore a good testimony of the Prophet Joseph, wh6m she knew as a child, and until his martyrdom.- President Frances Dance. West Weber, said they had some diligent workers, and felt they had the blessing of the Lord withtheui all the time Sister Hunter had a band of sisters strong iu the faith, to do good, it mattered not where or when. Sister Mary Casey, Slaterville, said they had sold Mc-Quarri- e; j i EXPONENT 39 their wheat and were buying new to store up reported all well. Secretary Si ter Driver read the minutes of the conference held June 10, which were approved as read. Sister E. B. Wells said she was proud of the work of the Relief Society, and of the Weber Stake Houe, especially. It was the only stake house built and owned by the sisters She felt a good work had been done by their president, Sister Jane S. Richards, she knew her perseveranc? in building the hall, felt it was a monument to her; was delighted with the spirit of the conference and with what had been accomplished through the determined efforts of the sisters, who had been willing to give of their time aud means It was certainly a credit to the Relief Society every where that there was one such place, and she hoped there wouM yet be many more. Sister Wells gave some historic data of the Society and made other remarks, urged the young sisters to visit the aged and sick and comfort them, it was refreshing to see their bright young faces; do some little thing, if it is only to take them a flower; referred to the visits she had made in Ogden with Sister Eliza R Snow and Aunt Zina Young, also our President Bathsheba W. Smith, and how much she had enjoyed coming, and how gratifying it was to have Sister Jane S, Richards still actively carrying on the work given her to do by appointment of President Brieham Young. Sister Emily S. Richards always felt at home in Ogden. She had just returned from a long trip to Germany and other countries, had met many great women, thought they were trying to do good and help the world The places she had visited and the scenery among which she had traveled were more wonderful than she could describe; had visited in our missions and spoken to the sisters and tried to encourage them in their labors; referred t the missionaries, what good they are doing in carrying the Gospel to the honest in heart. Elder Franklin S. Richards said he felt himself adopted into the Society iu Ogden, for he had spent some of his happiest davs here. When hf looked back to those times, there was a warm place in his heart for those he remembered, and was always glad to be in these meetings, and among these faithful ones. Said this was a selfish age, and everybody was thinking how can I help myself. But the noble women in the Relief Society were only seeking to help somebody else, and always in th line of their duty. It was organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and through the Spirit of the Lord, that woman might be elevated and become a true helpmate to man. He prayed the Lord to bles all those associated in this work, they had a warm place in his heart; was glad to meet with old friends, brethren and sisters. Sister Lee, Far West, reported a good band of sisters living up to their duties.tak-ind care of the sick, and felt well and the Spirit of the Lord. Counselor Hattie Brown again bore her testimony and spoke encouragingly to the sisters of the work they had done. Bishop McQuarrie felt he must be obedient to President Richards, and had enjoyed the remarks of the sisters, all of them, and the visitors from Salt Lake. He couiseled the Saints to listen to the still, small voice, and thus keep in the right path. Blessed Sister Richards and all assembled. g en-joe- Sister Martha Critchlow, the First ward Ogden City, bore a faithful testimony to the truth of the work. Sister Moon, Mound Fort, reported made a good report of the work and bore testimony. Elder Stone, an aged brother, who had been blind many years, "bore a strong testimony; said he enjoyed these meetings. Sister Ston : also bore her testimony. Sister Scowcroft also spoke a few words of appreciation of the blessings of the Gospel. President Jane S. Richards opoke very affectionately to the sisters. Was sorry there was not time for everyone to speak, but there never seemed time enough. She loved to hear from those who had been so diligent and faithful in good works; felt to bless all, whether they had spoken or not. Conference adjourned for three months. Singing. "0 my Father." Prayer by President C. F Middletou. C. E. Dkivee, Secretary. ALPINE STAKE. The regular quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Alpine Stake was held at Lehi, Friday, October 21, 1904, President Rebecca Standring presiding Meeting opened at ten a. m. with singing. Prayer by Brother William Southwick. Singing, etc. President Standring made a few opening remarks, after which seven of the presidents The reports were reported their wards. in eve y good respect, except the attend-arce- , which is sometimes ralher slim. They have a good spirit in their meetings, the teachers are doing their duty, the poor are helped and the sick visited. The sisters are laying up wheat aud helping to build meeting houses and granaries and are united in their work. Stake Counselor Annie C. Hindley addressed the meeting. Hoped the sisters were not growing weary in well doing. In looking at the abundant crops which the Lord has sent to His people this year, had we not ought to give thanks and gratitude to His holy name by doing all we can for the furtherance of His great work. Knew that some of the sisters had more work almost than they could do, and had nearly given up their spirituil mee'ings. Let us not neglect our testimony meetings, but let us lay our work aside as often as we can, and attend our meetings, for our testimony will never increase if we neglect to assemble ourselves together in testimony meetings Sister Martha Featherstone felt the tili'y of the calling' th it had been placed upon her to be a missionary in the Relitf Society of this stake of Zion Had passed many hippy hours with the sisters Desired in theii meetings in this house to be associated always with the Latter-- d The Lord does acknowledge ly Saints. II s people, and the spiritual gifts will never hi taken away from them, for many have had their prayers answered through these re-spo- gifts. Conference adjourned until two o'clock. Benediction by Stake Counselor Singing Harriet Jacobs. Meetng opened at two o'clock with the usual exercises. Piesident Rebecca Standring praved the inspiration of the Holy Spirit might rest upon those wh ) speak this afternoon. We do not realize the imp rtance of the meetings which are to instruct and build us 