Woman Exponent The Ballot in i u Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, Vol. 33 CONTENTS. The Flag and the Child, Augusta Joyce Crocheron Tenement Life in New York, Lamoreaux Edith Ivins 33 To the .Women of the United States of America 34 Peace Proposals 34 35 Progress Rose B Musser 35 Character M F. 35 Utah Woman's Press Club an Old Letter Sarah M. Cleveland 37 Mother's Work 37 Mark Brown 37 Parting Sketch of Sister Durrant 37 Sketch of Ruth Hay ward 3S R. S. Reports: Bear Lake Stake L. Fuller 38 S. Chappel 38 Juab Stake Maria Allen 38 hmery "take C. E. Driver 3S Weber Stake E. Stake.. Featberstone 39 Alpine Edwin D. Mead's Address. Woman's Journal 40 36 Editorial: Relief Society Notice Peace Demonstration 36 36 Editorial Notes THE FLAG AND THE C 1ILD. Rich at last from his ninuntain mines, He said: ''We will travel far, My dearest ones shall see and know What the world and its sp!end rs are." So they went by rail and they went by steam To the Old World far away, But the little one sighed wearily And paler grew day by day. "Dearest, what is it? You've but to speak that you wish may claim?" Then the dark eyes drooped and in heartsick And all tones. The little one's answer came. "I know 'tis beautiful, and 'tis wrong That I cannot happy be; But I want to go back, our mountain home Is better than all to me." bade farewell to splendors all, But train and ship seemen slow. To the little one who gazed far ahead For the scenes that she loved so One day on deck some one unfurled Our country's flag, and the child-Lea- ped and caught it in fond embrace, With laughter and sobbings wild. Hushed for a moment by the sight. Each foreigner bowed his head; Then one who was greatest there, stepped forth And with reverence grave, he said: "Great is that country, where its child Has the soul of a patriot man! Men of Valor! Salute with me, The little American!" So the Year after year, from her father's mines The stream of gold will flow; And through the years, the loyal child To perfect womanhood grow. And suitors ill come from far and near Her beauty, and wealth to see; But the Prince of Love who will win her heart, An American will be. Augusta Joyce Crocheron. Eida, August, 1904. TENEMENT EDITH LIFE IN NEW YORK. IVINS LAMOREAUX. The saying that we do not appreciate our blessings until deprived of them is no truer anywhere than in regard to our appreciation of our own dear homes in Utah. So many of our young people married at home are beginning to enjoy (?) teuement life and to advocate it, especially in Salt Lake City. God forbid that it should ever become so popular as it seems necessary in New York No. 5. 1904. To our sisters in the country who going to the roof, or to keep milk and butter cool on the window sill. The kitchen contains a small stove, a nice cupboard, two stationary stone wash tubs, the lids of which serve as tables, and a small sink over the water taps, just large enough for a small dish pan. There is ro pantry nor store-rooso we can only buy enough food to last for a day or so, which can be tucked away in the cupboard or under the wash tubs. Our door bell and whistle are in the kitchen. The latter is used by the janitor lives his family in the basement), with (who to call us to the dumb waiter or warn us to fife in cae of fire. The dumb waiter is a small cupboard which is run up and down a shaft by means of ulleys, for the purpose of carrying all our garbage down, and our coal, ice, m lk, children. Don't it, though? Just gtt out etc.. up. Each evening at 6 o'clock the some night among the poorer districts or whistle blows and we must hurry with our even the middle classes, and the stnet will garbage-bucke- t, old paper, ashes and anybe so fall you can scarcely crowd ) our way thing else we do not wish to keep to the It is all emptied down cellar and through without pushing some little tot waiter over. But I "as to deseiibe ''our flat" and the bucket sent back "while you wait." If the daily life of a missionary's wife here. you don't wait but think to get your bucket Th re are ten families ot us in a house of later you may fiud only an old tin can, as four stories. We live on the third floor. ' first come first served" applies here as All use the same front hall and stairway. well as elsewhere. No matter how much contgion there might come they ring your bell When callt-rbe in the house, a 1 have got to pass through by pressing a button undc;r your mail box this hall to reach their fiat. All use the same in the vestibule, and they cannot come up clothes lines, which are up on the house stairs till you in return press a button on roof. If your clothes are left out all night the kitchen wall, which unlocks the frout there may be some sheets, etc., missing hall door. What a bother I hear some n. xt day, but that isn't much. You would hurried house wife say. Yes, and very agnot think of going to one of your neighgravating too when you discover often afetc , as they bors and comparing sheets, ter your several trips to the kitchen that it were all hanging in ros together anyis only some old peddler, a beggar or the how, and ho w should they remember which small bo of the street who delights in teasis theirs at all times. ing or the "Mormon" missionary for You meet all classes here. While some that's the way they gain admission too are fine people and as honorable as any of when out trading. our neighbors at home, some are foreigners, Our flat is supposed to be steam heated, Italian and Spaniards, etc., and the less you having two small radiators for the whole have to do with them the belter. To know house. But we haven't felt any heat yet. one's next door neighbor, cr even step into There are no chimneys in any room but the her home is a rarity. kitchen, hence we cannot furnish our own Of course they don't like us. Why "hot blast;" but in lieu whereof we have should they? Jesus said "Ye are not of the a small coal oil stove which, until our steam world else the world would love you," and heat comes, we are forced to carry from we do not wish them to, except it be for room to room, as we desire to be comfortour virtues. While we try to be quiet and able in our different daily routine. It is to peaceable, courteous and kind to all, yet me indeed laughable. Si ill, some one says it is nice to have the fact that a "Mormon" family is in the house is enough to keep all the sisters busy your house steam heated (when-i- t does come) watching us. Thev need only the sligh est with no dirt nor work on your part, to have provocation too for an excuse to have us if plenty of boiling water to u e day or night, possible removed. We have as yet had no to cook on a gas stove without the dirt and serious trouble, but this rule prevails genashes so common to the lot of women; and over all the our to have your A'ork all on one floor. city. people erally among But for myself I prefer We have five rooms, hall and bath, the Yes, 'tis true. latter being modern and very fine. All the more work if necessary, in a house of my rooms are on one floor, and 2II except the own with pleasant surroundings, a yard for kitchen are light and very pleasant, situated children to play in, a porch or lawn on which to spend a pleasant afternoon, a tiny as we are on a corner The kitchen though inout which has only one window, opens spot for early garden stuff, and above all a to roof, home by one's self where we can train our to a shaft running lrom the ground esodors kitchen children in the paths ot purity and truth through which everyone's somewhich without being forced to come in contact cape, judging from the fumes all with the worst class at times if we allow times reach us. This is our back yard, someis to we have and our only use of it them any outside liberties at all. Oh, times hang out a few clothes to keep from there are so many things at home, so pleas- City. 33 NOVEMBER, read this, the question will cnme. What is it any way? 'Tis for them I am writing. Not an elaborate description of the homes of New York, of which I as yet kuovv but little, but a comparison between our own home here (and there are thousands just like it) and those you are now enjoying, humble indeed many of them, but for the most par,t all your very own. While all but about 5 percent of the people of Utah own their homes there is only about 5 per cent of the people here who own a home or anything they can call their own except it be their clothing and furniture. In consefour millions of tie people are quence crowded into flats o e on top ol the other, some of the houses being ten stoiiej high, and some containing as many as fifty famiBut you say that does not include lies. ( s 