WOMAN'S EXPONENT 18 strap is fastened to the basket, with which they bind it across their cbests, then they deftly wind it around two of the sticks, at the bottom of the basket and tie it aruund their waists. They seeni to be strong, healthy and happy. Their lot is certainly preferable to that of the field women. Of the latter, it is said, many come from Poland, work all summer, then return to their own land. It seems since the dismemberment of that ill fated country, the people are desperately poor, hence the situation of the women. How untiring they work, only raising their bent backs for a moment, as they see an unusual number of women passing so unlike themselves. A fat yoke of oxen, are being fastened to a wagon, a span of horses hitched to the tongue. They had a head piece made of wood, across their foreheads, which was held by a kind of harness to the body. They step proudly as they draw the load along, even they look better than the poor women in the fields. The working hours of a team are not nearly so many as those of the women, teams are never worked like women, and these are the mothers or wives of men! O, how far from the sphere, in which God placed her as the helpmeet of man, not a slave. On our return walk, some one asked the question "do the frauen (women) work like that in America?" Answer ye, from every hamlet of that fair land! It is said that on the occassion of the king's recent visit to Rome he gave the Pope 1,000,000 marks and that while the people are Protestants he and Court are Catholic. Lydia D. down for us to live by, they will save and exalt us in the kingdom of God; we know for a surety that this work is of God, we also know that the principle of plural marriage was revealed to Joseph Smith from our Father in heaven and is true and if we live faithful to our covenants we will be exalted in the kingdom of our Father, we have nothing to fear but ourselves, will we be true to ourselves and to our leaders? We know they are men called of God to carry on this great and mighty work and no power beneath the heavens can stop its progress, the honest in heart will be gathered from out the world and the wicked will be cut off, and this earth will be redeemed and Jesus Christ will come in the clouds of heaven and reign upon the earth with all those who remain faithful to the end. With this knowledge what kind of Saints ought we to be, we should be very careful never to put a stumbling block in the way of those who are constantly watching us, let our lights shine and give no one a chance to speak evil of us truthfully; but try to live above reproach, we have our own record to make, we make it each day of our lives and will have it to meet let it be good or bad. Then let us be very careful indeed that we may feel proud and not ashamed when the books are opened to us. Our Father is very kind and merciful to us. I often think we do not appreciate enough the many blessings He is pouring out upon his children, we a?e preserved from the calamities which are daily being poured out upon the nations of the earth; if we will indulge in the pleasures of the world then we must partake of her plagues. Those who have been faithfully warned, and have treated with contempt the truth will have to meet it face to face. We should at all times be ready to give a reason for the hope within us, always be ready to bear our testimony to those who will listen, we should never allow any one to speak lightly of any of the principles of the gospel, and woe to that people or nation who shall lift their voice against the Saints and woe unto those who are fighting against God for He will as predicted come out fiom his hiding place and vex the nations with sore destructions. If we are faithful the Lord will fight our battles and the small stone that was cut out of the mountains without hands will roll forth until it fills the whole earth, and no power beneath heaven can stop it. The Latter-day Saints do not rely upon the arm of flesh, they put their trust in that God who led Israel out of bondage, and who has led Saints through all their the Latter-datrials of driving mobbing persecutions and which they have endured for the Gospel's sake. And those who have lifted their hand to stay the work of God will have to pay the bill. I have seen many fall by the wayside, but it has been those who have built their faith upon a sandy foundation, those who have built upon the rock stand firmer and can not be shaken; but they will grow and increase, until the perfect day. I feel now that the whole world is arrayed against us, we should be as wise as serpents, and mind our own business, and the Lord will pilot the old ship Zion safely into port, with the faithful who have borne their cross, and who have never doubted, this is my testimony to all the world. Your sister in the gospel, . Alder. A STRONG TESTIMONY. Editors Womans Expoyient. I have been thinking for some time that I would again like to bear my testimony to the truth of the everlasting gospel, that was revealed to the youthful prophet Joseph Smith. I have not seen the prophet but I have read for myself many of his predictions and know that they are true. I have been a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints for over sixty-tw- o years and have never found anything in all that time but what is in accordance with the word of God. Is there a man upon the earth today who is unguided by the spirit of God, .who could perform so great a work in such a short time? I say no, there is not, he lived as he died a martyer to truth. Our Savior gave his life as a sacri fice for us that we may through obedience i to his laws gain eternal life, but the wicked did not deem Him worthy to live. Did not Joseph Smith teach the same principles and did not that same wicked spirit follow him until his life was taken, for no wrong that he himself had committed, he went about doing good and teaching all who would listen to his testimony which he received direct from our Heavenly Father and who would dare to deny it. Why do the world close their eyes to the things taught them by the servants of God? Why will they take the downward course, is it because they love darkness better than light? The saints of God have nothing to Sarah B. Layton, fear, if we will live up to the laws and com mandments of God ns they have been laid Kaysville, August 15, 1904. . ANNUAL MEETING D. R. The annual meeting of the Utah State Society daughters of the Revolution was held on Friday, June 10, 1904, at 10:30 in room 509 Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, Regent Isabel M. Whitney Sears presiding, a majority of members present. Alter prayer, the secretary, Mrs. Lucy Woodruff Smith, read the minutes of the May meeting and the last annual meeting, June io, 1903. The minutes of both meetings were approved. A letter was read from the General Society D. R. acknowledging the ten dollars given by the Utah Society towards the testimonial tendered to Miss Adeline W. SterGeneial. Letter ling, the retiring Pre-idewas read from Mrs. Julia P.M. Farnsworth, Chaplain, who was absent in Beaver at the time, expressing her good wishes, and regret at being away on so important an occasion. Reports were then given by the officers who had served during the past year. The Regent, Mrs. I. M. W. Sears, referred to the report made by her to the General Society, and expressed briefly her great pleasure in the year's work, thanking the members for their support. Reports were given Mrs. Phebe Young by First Mrs. Myra Beatie, and S cond Rec Mrs. Rossiter, Lucy W. Sec'y, Young S. Mrs. Florence Cor. Sears, Smith, Sec'y, Treasurer, Mrs. Elizabeth R. Wright, Registrar, Mrs. Maria Yung Dougall, and Historian, Mrs. E. B. Wells. It was moved by Mrs. Annie L. King, seconded by Mrs. Ella W. Hyde, that all the reports be accepted with thanks carried. It was moved by Mrs. Beatie and seconded by several that a full report of the meeting, including the Regent's report, to the General Society, be published in the Woman's Exponent carried. Regent announced that the next business would be the election of officers for the ensuing year. The following members were elected, nominations from the floor: Regent, Mrs. Phebe Young Beatie; First Mrs Mary E. R. Webber; Second Mrs. Annie Louise L. Clarissa Y. Spencer; Rec. Mrs. King; Sec'y, Asst. Sec'y, Mrs. Carol Y. Cannon; .Cor. Sec'y.Mrs. I. M. W. Sears; Treas.,Mrs.Ella W. Hyde; Registrar, Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall; Historian, Mrs. E. B. Wells; Chaplain, Mrs. Lucy W. Smiih. Vacancies in the Council will be filled by appointment of the Regent later. Annual meeting closed with prayer and adjourned to June 10, 1904. E. B- - W. nt Vice-Regen- t, Vice-Regen- t, -- Vice-Regen- t, Vice-Regen- t, y 1 The Duke of Norfolk's carelessness of rank and homely manner make it almost impossible to think of him as a duke. There is probably some truth in the stories which have their origin in his disregard of dress. The Duke was going to Stonyhurst College for Speech day, and a carriage met him at the railway station, Two tall and gentlemen preceded him, and as they reached the carriage an official asked, ''Stonyhurst, College, gentlemen?" Upon replying "Yes," they were allowed to enter the carriage. Behind them came a man not by any means faultlessly dressed, and as he was about to step into the carriage the official said, "Stand away, please Duke of Norfolk's carriage!" "Yes, I know," said the other, "I am the Duke of Norfolk!" well-dresse- d 