WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 62 lands, the result of all their toil and labor, they were forced to abandon. Some of them walked barefoot over the dry stubble, leaving bloody footprints at every step. Oh, the pain, the suffering of those days! Delicate women, small children, trudging along beside their little possessions, leaving mobs and forsaken homes behind. Peace had only been transitory, the threats of violence numerous and frequent. Uncertainty stretched before them, yet they had an abiding faith that elsewhere they would find a place of rest, where, unmolested by those of other creeds, they could worship God in their own way. Thus early in her life being only four years of age she was, with her parents and other Saints, expelled from Missouri. Nauvoo the beautiful, situated on a bend of the Mississippi river, became her home for a time. From there her parents moved to La Harpe, an adjoining town, where they remained until the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph and his brother Hyrum. This tragic event brought overwhelming sorrow to the Saints. Darkness reigned over Nauvoo. Fearful foiebodings, grief and lamentations were borne on the air. Hunted and driven, mob violence on every hand, many Saints fled into Nauvoo, the family of Brother Knight being among the number; here they remained until the exodus of the Saints in 1846. Well she remembers the miracle of the quails, that were sent to the starving "poor camp" on the banks of the Mississippi river, opposite Nauvoo. Destitute, sick and a hungered, prey to all the ills of the poor, scarcely able to raise a hand to relieve their dire necessities; want stamped on each shrunken, pinched face, there they were, those known as the "poor camp." The Mississippi rolling by was unmindful of their sufferings. The cold stars in a winter sky, in pity gave their light, but icy breezes almost froze these houseless, homeless fugitives, made such by religious hate and intolerance, in the blaze of the vaunted civilization of the nineteenth century. But God was not unmindful of them; their prayers reached beyond the pale moon and glittering stars, even to heaven's throne. Those who were able had gone in search of food, while the sick lay all around. Suddenly a dark cloud overshadowed the camp, but the stricken ones did not wonder much if they were able to think at all but just waited, not knowing what was coming next, when, lo! in untold numbers the quails flew down among them; they had only to put out their hands, take and eat. Once again sent they would behold the miracle-foo- d from heaven and the salvation of God. Joseph Knight, Sister Bassett's father, her grandfather, Joseph Knight, Sen., and his brother, Newel Knight, were close friends of the Prophet, even before the organization of the Church. At her parents' home in Missouri the Prophet was a frequent and welcome visitor. By her parents she has been told, also by her older sister, Mrs. M. A. Mills, now living, that the Prophet often took her in his lap and fondly caressed her. She remembers that in Nauvoo she heard him preach in the bowery, just west of the temple. But that stately edifice is no more; not one stone left upon another; nothing left to designate where it once stood. After the expulsion of the Saints, the spirit of destruction, not yet satiated, was wreaked on the senseless stone and wood. It was set on fire. For a time the Mississippi ran as blood, while its grim banks and near surroundings were dyed with the crimson hue. The sky was ablaze, clouds banked each other in blood, then the light went out, and the city was desolate The temple its glory, the Saints its strength and pride, all had vanished. The ever thrilling story lives in history, of how the pioneers reached this land, each succeding year saw another band wend its way across the trackless plains, until all were gathered who chose to come. Brother Knight with his family reached Salt Lake In common with others, City in 1850. ones to rest on the way, loved laid they for the old Mormon trail is marked by graves from Salt Lake to the Missouri river. There they rest and mark the way, Where the pilgrims trod; 'Till the resurrection day, There beneath the sod. Ev'ning breezes wail around, Coyotes screech in vain, Nought disturbs their sleep so sound, Nought wakes them again. March 5, 1853, Sister Bassett entered into the holy order of marriage, becoming the wife of Charles H. Bassett, and is the mother of nine children, six of whom are With her hnsband she has still living. aided in building this great mountain commonwealth, where the children of the Saints enjoy plenty and prosperity. Losses, trials and perplexities fall to the lot of all. She has shared in these, too, but they have been sanctified to her, and today she is beloved among women. Long, too, she has labored among the poor and distressed, been an angel of mercy to those in need. Very early she identified herself with the Relief Society, and was called to preside over the Second ward in 1871, which position she still holds. Loved by her sisters, she is respected by all those with whom she is associated, while children and grandchildren rise up and call blessed. Faithful And true, enduring all for the Gospel's sake, how glorious things shall they be who. so continue unto the end. When Christ shall make up his jewels, resplendent shall they shine forever. bear the cross shall wear the crown, 'Twas ever thus decreed; And through the golden gates at last. Pass on, from trials freed. Who 'Tis worth all suff'ring, all distress, The joys of heaven to share; To dwell with God in realms of bliss The sanctified are there. Then as the sun the saints appear, Bv blood they're purified; And through eternity they'll praise The Lamb, who for them died. Lydia IN D. Alder. MEMORIAM. Sister Martha Jones Meacham, one of the earliest and most respected citizens of the Park Valley ward, died on July 14, 1903 She was the president of the first Relief Society organized in Park Valley, in which she served faithfully for nineteen years. She was the wife of E. D. Meacham, and the mother of a large family, six of whom aie still living. The funeral services were impressive and beautiful. Much praise was given her by her bishop and the speakers concerning her worthy life and her amiable and loving disposition. E. D. C. It is our sad duty to record the death of our beloved and noble sister, Sarah I. Raleigh, daughter of Philip and Clarissa Pugsley, of Salt Lake City, and wife of James A. Raleigh. She passed away after a severe illness, on December 6, 1903. She leaves to mourn her loss a husband and three daughters. She was a devoted wife and mother, a true sister in the gospel, and a faithful member of the Park Valley Relief Society, of which she was secretary for ten years. We, the officers and members of the Park Valley ward, deeply sympathize with the bereaved husband and daughters in their loss, feeling also that they have been greatly blessed by her wise and faithful example, Sister Raleigh was president of the first Primary association of Rosette, a branch of the Park Valley ward, for two years. She has also been president of the Rosette V. L. 3M. M, I. A. since it was first organized in Rosette, and served up to the time of her death. We feel our sister is not dead, but that she sleeps, ter spirit having gone to that bright sphere where the just await the time of the resurrection. Having slept in peace, she has secured a title to be among the heavenly throng that will accompany the Lord in glory when he shall come m this creation to take the reins of government. E. D. C. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Therefore it is resolved by the sisters of the Park Valley Relief Society, that we mourn the loss of our'late president and secretary, but that we appreciate the goodness of their lives, and the worthy example they have set us to follow; Resolved, That we extend to the bereaved our sympathy, and pray God to comfort them, and lead them to know what is their loss is the gain of those that were taken from them. Be it further resolved, Thtt a copy of these resolutions be inscribed upon the records of the Society, and also published in the Woman's Exponent. President S. J. Campbell, Park Valley, Utah. A TRIBUTE OK LOVE TO MARY A. II. BURNHAM. '"Like weary and worn-ou- t children, that sigh for the daylight's close, lie knows that they oft are longing for home and its sweet repose; So, He calls them in from their labors, ere the shadows around them creep, And silently watching o'er them, lie giveth His loved one's sleep," One cannot help a feeling of solemnity in parting with old and dear friends, however confident one may be that all is well with the loved one who has gone on before. The departed sister whose demise we now record with loving words, was a true and faithful friend to those around her; she loved her neighbors and ministered generously of what she possessed; in times of hcarcity, when there was little to share with others, she gave to those who had les.j even than the small portion she had for her own family, and trusted in the Lord for more. Her w ords, too, were like balm to the distressed and sorrowing. In the troublous times of Nauvoo, when thousands mourned perhaps as they have never mourned since, the cruel martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch, Sister Burnham was one who spoke comforting words to the bereaved, whose faith never failed, though her husband was at that time away upon a mission, and she stood alone, yet she had courage to face privation, scarcity of food, and to rely upon One above for strength and consolation, and to pour out words of comfort to those around her. Those were the days of dark trials, and many fell away. The spirit of apostacy was rife, yet she held to the iron rod and braved the storms of ridicule and persecution that carried many down to darkness and unbelief. Brave heroines of those days of hardship and sore temptation, they are nearly all gone. "They are gathering homeward from every land, One by one; As their weary feet touch the shining strand. One by one, Their brows are'enclosed in a golden ciown, Their garments are all laid down. And clothed in white robes they meet on the mead Where the Lamb doth love His chosen to lead, One by one." Sister Burnham had been ailing for some time, but when the final hour came she passed away peacefully as though falling asleep. She was staying with her daughter, Sister Alrryra Young Russell. Her death occurred in this citv November 10, 1903. She was born Maich 14, 1816, at Waitsfield, Vermont. The deceased was the daughter of Allen Huntley and Sally Hitchcock, both illustrious names m the annals of New England travel-staine- d 