WOMAN'S EXPONENT. number of changes had been made in the Vilate Young was followed secretaryship, C. Caroline Raleigh, as secretary, after by which Bessie Dean was appointed. Ida Whipple followed Sister Dean and held the position until 1896, when she offered her resignation. During the seventeen years of the existence of this organization gieat progress had been made in the advancement of Primary work in the Salt Lake Stake On September 12, 1896, a reorganization of the Stake Board was effected. Camilla C. Cobb having been a very efficient worker was selected as president, and she chose for her counselors Lydia A. Wells and Mary L. Morris, with Ella W. Hyde as secretary. Catherine Wells as treasurer, Julia C. Howe and Ida Whipple Taylor as aids. As the associations multiplied and the Primary work increased, President Cobb found it necessary to call moie aids to her assistance, and on June 5, 1897 she appointed Jane S. Hill and Lauretta Cornwall as aids to visit the country wards. On May 7, 1898, she also appointed as aids to the Stake Board, Jessie P. Jones, Fanny Wool ey, Mary A. Tudenham and Eliza Bergen, and soon after this Millie P. Bassett and Clara Beebe were added to the As the work advanced, more list of aids. aids were required and on May 4, 1900. Betsy Howarth and Josephine Woolley were appointed. On August 4, 1900, the organist, Sister Laura Cushing, having resigned, Lizzie Tbomas was appointed stake organist. On March 2, 1901, Mary L. Morris offered her resignation as second counselor in the Stake Board on account of ill health, and Fanny Woolley was appointed in her place, and in September of the same year, Sister Woolley having been called on a mission to Colorado, Millie P. Bassett was chosen to fill that vacancy. As the ranks of the aids were reduced, Olive Pixton was appointed on October 12, On May 3, 1901 to act in that capacity. and Lucy Chanbrrlahi 1902, Emma Jeremy on were selected, and May 2, 1903, Mary T. Smith, was appointed an aid, making a complete band of noble, energetic workers in the Primary cause. On April ir, 1903, Nellie Penrose Whitney was appointed Stake Chorister, and with her musical experience, combined with the efficient service of Lizzie Thomas, the musical department has been one of the most pleasing features in the Primary conferences and entertainments. In January, 1902, the Children's Ftiend the organ of the Primary Associations, published by the General Board, was issued and has since been a guide to the association, lessons being prepared for each grade. Since its introduction into the associations, they have been conducted more uniformly, and better work has been done. Since the reorganization of the Stake Board in 1896, great improvement has been made in Primary work in the Salt Lake Stake of Zion. Through the untiring efforts and wide experience of President Comilla C. Cobb, and the aid and the associations of her have increased in numbers and membership, and have been raised to a much higher standard of excellence than formerly. Too much praise cannot be given to President Cobb for her untiring zeal for the advancement of the work, for her motherly counsel and advice, and her loving words of encouragement, which will ever be remembered by those who received them, and will be a guide to those who may continue in the work. The Primary Stake Board has now dissolved on account of the division of the Salt Lake Stake, but the members of the old Board will always hold in affectionate remembrance the years they labored together with love in their hearts lor each other and the children for whom they labored. Ella W. Hyde. Stake Sec. ELIZABETH PIXTON. Sister Pixton, who was called suddenly from this life, March 21, 1904, to join her husband and loved ones who had gone before, had been for many years a conspicuous figure in this vicinity; she was a woman of great strength of character, and uncommon executive ability. She will be missed in various ways, and in many She was a woman of great integplaces. to the Gospel and of a generous narity her ture, good deeds will live in the memof ory many whom she helped without letting "her right hand know what the left hand doeth," according to the scripture. Sister Pixton was president of the Reiki Society of Taylorsville at the time of her death, and had held the office over twenty years. A sketch of her life was published in the Exponent, February 15, 1900, shortly after she had celebrated her 80th birthday anniversary. On that happy occasion about three hundred people assembled in her honor at the meeting house in Taylorsville. Many tributes were giveu her at that time of affection .nd friendship, and she was honored by all present each of the speakers testifying to the high esteem in which she was held by the community, and her liberalily to the poor and needy was favorably corr merited upon. E. B. W. The Relief Society officers of the Granite Stake of Zion, to which she belonged, wishing to do honor to her memory have prepared the following RESOLUTIONS. - Whereas our much esteemed sister and colaborer, has by the hand of divine providence been removed from our midst, and has, we feel confidently assured, gone to a better world, we, her sisters, who know of her loving deeds and appreciate her many noble qualities, desire to express our tender sympathy for the bereaved family, and to acknowledge her labors and ministrations of kindness, as a member of the Relief Society, and also as a friend and neighbor in the best sense cf the word. Therefore be it Resolved, we do humbly testify that charity and humility were leading traits of her character, and that her last act the day before her death was one of charity, and that her simple and unassuming manner was beautifully illustrated in her last request, "that her coffin should be plain and no flowers placed upon it, as the money could be used to better advantage." Resolved, that we tender our heartfelt desympathy to the bereaved family of the ceased and that they and the sisters of the society over which she presided so long may follow her noble example of diligence and faithfulness. Resolved that these resolutions be re corded in our stake record and also pre- sented to the family and published in the Woman's Exponent. Emma S. Woodruff, Mary P. Young, Catharine. H. Brockbank, In behalf of Granite Stake Relief Society. RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE CLASS J 904-- 5. The above class will commence September 19th, 1904, continuing eight months. Four lessons a week will be given by Dr. Margaret C. Roberts, the class instructor, and lectures by other physicians and surThere will also be a geons of Salt Lake. course of lectures on cooking and ot her important subjects connected with the nurse profession, by members of the General Board of the Relief Society by those whom they may appoint. Charge of tuition $10 00. Students will furnish their own text books designated by the Class Instructor. The students shall esch sign a contract to nurse for charity for seventy-fiv- e days or whatever pay shall be designated by the superintendent for two years from the date of graduation. Anyone desiring to take the nurse course and not paid lor by the Relief Society of her ward may do so by paying the ten dollar fee herself and signing the contract. All correspondence on this subject should beaddiessed to Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie, 55 N. West Temple Street. Emma A. Empey, Superintendent Relief Society Nurses' Classes. MOTHERS' WORK. STAKE. PAROWAN Lechife I. of spirits. Pre-existen- Sing Hymn, "O My Father." Give a talk explaining the doctrine expressed in the hymn. Speaker read the hymn, as proof that we have a Father in Heaven. Prove tint all existed with God and His only begotten Son before we came to this earth. What was our condition in our pre-exis-ta- nt state? References. John 17th, 5. John 16, 28. John, Heb. 12, 9. Matt. 6, 9. Job 47. Num. 27, 16. Ecc 12, 7, John 3, As set forth in Rev. 12, Jer 1, "Woman who art thou, What is thy Mission, By Pres. John Taylor. Added upon. 38, 2. 4-- 5. 7-- Jude6. Questions. 1. What proofs have we that we have a Father and Mother in Heaven? Read explanation on marriage in Compendium, also Gen. 1, 7. 2. Had we developed as thoroughly as we could in the spirit world? 3. Did we all keep our first estate? Lecture 2. Object of existence. (a) Whence we came, (b) Who we are, (c) Where are we going? (d) Object is to benefit humanity and to gain eternal life. References. (a) Pearl of Great Price, page 32. Alma 13, Eph. 1, Tit. 1, 2. (b) John 3, 2. Heb. 12, 9. (c) I Nephi, 28, 8. Doc. and Cov. 43, Ecc. 12, 7. Pearl of Great Price, page 22. Rev. 20, 6. Doc. and Cov. 29, 11. (d) 3-- 5. 4-4- Multiply and replenish the earth. Gen. 1, 28. Questions. Will all get back to our Father's home? Doc. and Cov. 29, What was the first commandment given to Adam and Eve? When was it given? How 