WOMAN'S EXPONENT The story of the organization of the court of arbitration. 5. A statement of cases that have already been presented before it. 6. Consideration of differences existing among peoples at the present time which ' properly should be referred to the court of. arbitration. 7. The incompatibility of the Christian life with war, its practices, its ideals. Fourth. Certainly, every member of our committee should be a subscriber to "The Advocate of Peace," which is published by the American Peace Society at 31 Beacon Street, Boston, and can be obtained for $1.00 a year. Every issue of the Advocate contains a list of peace literature with prices. Kven so small a sum as $2.00, wisely used, would fill the hands of any local committee with means of information which again wisely used through the local press, would do much to incline public feeling in right directions, and to educate the public to the atrocity of war and the' practicability of the methods of arbitration. Fifth. It is very desirable that great pains should be taken not to allow the selection of speakers to be influenced by local conditions, and if possible to have speakers from both of the leading political parlies; indeed, in the arrangement of the entire program, it is wise to have as many different shades of political opinion and as many different religious sects represented as This will give to the program possible. air which is indispensable that 4. . non-partiz- an to success. Sixth. May T suggest that the members of this committee take the greatest possible pains to secure adequate and numerous reports of the local meetings in the local press. Nay, I also ask every member of my committee and every chairman of a subordinate local committee who had the management of a pace meeting in chaige kindly to send to my address the newspaper reports of the meeting. Seventh. May I also remind all persons having charge of meetings, that we desire the resolution which has beeu parsed at our annual demonstrations since 1900 again to be passed at the coming demonstration? It goes without saying, that wherever a local council exist, the local council is the proper medium through which meetings in connection with this universal demonstration should be arranged. Where no local council exists, if the person kindly taking the meeting in charge would, as far as possible, follow the council method by making up a committee of organization, which should be representative of all the leading organizations of the place, it seems as if both the question in hand "Peace and arbitration" and the "Council ideal" would be promoted. Filially. May I ask everyone into whose hands this letter comes kindly: First. To acknowledge its receipt? Second. To report to me from time to time her own progress in the work? Third. Not later than Monday, October 10, to send to my address, in the most condensed form, answers to the following R. K. To what degree did the elergymen respond to the request concerning the services of October 2nd? (b) How many meetings were you" able (a) to organize? (c) How many addresses were there at each meeting? (d) How many persons in actual attend- ance? (e) How many were represented by elected delegates? (f) Did your meeting pass the resolutions? (g) Additional comment. I feel confident that if you will go to work immediately upon the receipt of this letter and secure as many of your friends as possible to aid you in executing its suggestions, you will be able to witness great success on October 8th, and have the pleasure of reporting such success to me on October 10th. The presence of so many foreigners in this country, all of whom are deeply interested in the demonstration, should add greatly to the zest of our workers. There is one c mdition under which I think it excusable to change the date and character of the Peace meeting that you shall organize. If, after having obtained from Mr. Meade the list of foreign delegates, who will be assembled at Boston, you find there are any whose presence would awaken great popular interest in your community, and if by correspondence with them yon find hat you can obtain their service. by holding a Peace meeting at a later date, it might be well for you to do so. Yet even then, my judguientis, thutso limited is the fame of our Peace workers compared with that of the workers in other lines of public beneficence, that you would be likely to have a better Peace meeting for one of the foreign speakers to address, if that special and particular meeting were preceded by the proposad annual demonstration. In the Woman's Journal of August 6th, you can, if you desire, find my account of the Peace Meeting of the International Council at Berlin by all means the most remarkable meeting held during that fortnight. You know that that paper can be obtained by application to the office of the Woman's Journal, No. 5 Park Street, Boston, Mass. In the Evening Boston Transcript of August 6th is an article relating to the work accomplished for peace during the late quinquennial. You might be interest- - OBSTETRICS Dr. Margaret G. Roberts 71 RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE CLASS J904-- 5, The Relief Society Nurse Class will commence September 19, 1904, continuing eight months. Four lessons a week will be given by Dr. Margaret C. Roberts, the class instructor, and lectures by other physicians and surgeons of Salt Lake City. There will also be a course of lectures on cooking and other important subjects connected with the nurse profession by members of the General Board of the Relief Society or by those whom they may appoint. 'Students wishing to taka the nurse course and not previously provided with places to stay during the term will have an opportunity of getting good homes where they can at least earn enough to pay for their board and room. It would be advisable for those intending coming from a distance, to be here a few days before the class com-me- r ces in order to have time to get settled in such places, during which few days they will be provided for. Call on Mrs. P. Y. Beatie, secretary, 55 N. West Temple. Emma A Empey, Relief Society Nurse Classes Supt. Obstetrical class commences Monday, October 10, 1904. Tuition, $40.00; books, Ten dollars less will be $4 00 to $7.00, to those who attend Relief Society charged Nurse Class. Ladies taking both classes, it might be advisable if several could club together, rent rooms and board themselves. Margaret C. Roberts, Instructor. DR. ELLIS R. SHIPP Will open a class in Nursing and Obstetrics on Monday, Oct. 10, 1904, at her home, 713 Second Street, Salt Lake Those desiring to attend will City. please communicate personally or by letter. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. Save Your Monoy! And when you get a dollar, deposit it Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 37,600 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW - We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ODe dollar to five thousand, and compute said with. Will commence her next class in Obstetrics on Monday, October 10, 1904. This class will also have the advantage o'f atinterest tending the Relief Society Nurse WRITE for any information desired. Class taught by Dr. Roberts. For furJoseph F. Smith, Prest. ther information, communicate with Dr. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No. Main Street. Roberts, 79 C Street. Telephone 2002. ChHSS IU fllDlMFEHY Semi-annuall- Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. VE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. y. 1 THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, ed in the information contained in ftiese two articles, and might be helped in' your plan of work by reading them. May Wright Sewall, We aim to give you as TRY US AND HORSING. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her class in Midwifery and Nursing October 10, 1904. One student free. Write for particulars. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. 