WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 35 but wholly deficient in character. Jesus sustained a good character but bore a bad When the foundations of the earth were laid, And darkness hover'd o'er the space, reputation. This good "world beautiful" so perfect made, Parents are responsible, to a large extent, And sun and stars had found their place, for the condition of their children's characThen darkness fled before the coming day ters, being as they are living examples un-- , vVhen God proclaimed "Let there be light!" to them. Viewing it in this light, how For His Omnipotence, and pow'r held sway And He divided day and night. necessary that we be strictly honest, pure Fair morning in her maiden beauty rose and sincere. God gives us these sweet All blushes like a virgin bride; little innocents, and expects us to be strong The world awaken'd from the night's repose exampes unto them. This cannot be if By her sweet pr sence beautified 'Twas then the morning stars together sung, our thoughts are not pme. Parents some-- ! And angels minister' d on earth; times talk about their friends or neighbors All nature's voices in glad chorus rung, in a fault finding spirit before their chilin the world's new birth Rejoicing For m n was born.- - and unto him was given dren, or they will tell little "fibs" (as lies Dominion over living things, aie sometimes called). 11ns is wrong. It And woman, fresh from out the courts of heav'n, tends to weaken character. Children are A benediction with her brings Their prone to imitate their parents. The dawn of progress in a race, minds are delicate and ex eedmgly impresThe growth of beings multiplied And down the ages tilling time and place sionable. Rather than cultivate a faultTrue knowledge life has glorified. finding disposition we should look for the have been wonders in the long ago There good in everything in everybody, because d flourish' in their have there is some good everywhere. We fhould day. Empires Their thrones, and kingdoms, their great works teach the little ones by example and prelaid low, look to cept upou the bright side of life; Their progress crush'd and pass'd away soon We boast of great achievements in our time, they enough learn the bitterness thereOf ingenuity and wondrous skill. of; and if, while they are young, the seeds Talk of the sciences in flights sublime, of good, firm characters are planted, the Controling forces at their will fruits thereof, in old age, will be glorious. Men have von laurels in the halls of fame, If, then, we be careful to build with pure, Have solv'd great problems, to be sure. But can they justly lasting merit claim upright deeds, the structure will be a perFor progress made that will endure? fect one, in which the spirit of the Lord And who can say what progress most has done will delight to dwell; but as "one leak will To help mankind to higher things? a ship or one flaw will break a chain," sink What vict'ry have we gain'd, what triumph won, With all that art and science brings? so one or unwomanly act will Wise men of old, e'en prophets in their time forever leave its impress upou the characHave dealt with life's great mysteries; ter. A blow to character in youth or oid And poets sung in rhythmic strains sublime age cau never be wholly effaced. God may Thro' the long line of centuries. forgive a sin, but the character never forIn the meridian of time the Savior came, gets it. "The Golden Rule" to man He taught Faithfulness is an important stone to the And by His teaching, and thro' Jesus name The world receiv'd new light, new thought. structure; faithfulness to a duty, to a He who has given to the world his test, friend. Joseph, though a slave in Egypt, Who has some blesse i message brought, did not forget this truth. Refusing to be And ministers to human souls distress' d Has far the greater progress wrought. tempted by the wicked wife of Potiphar, he We hail the day, when knowledge shall Increase, chose the dungeon rather than dishonor And covr earth from sea to sea; he could not betray a sacred trust, gu.ded, hen all mankind shall dwell in perfect peace. doubtless, by the thought impressed upon And light ana truth obtain the vict'ry. him in youth, that "Men rise higher as Emmeline B. Wells. to their task is high," hence he "cho-walk high with the sublime dread, rather than crawl to safety." CHARACTIR, Solomon says: "Train up a child in the BY ROSE B. MUSSER. way it sh uld go, and when he is old. he Lecture given at Wasatch Slake Relief will not depart from it." Society conference, held in Heber City, A tree may be ever so crooked and yet be June, 1904. made to go straight if properly cultivated "There is a structure which everybody, when young and tender an old tree canboth young and old, is building. It is not be turned. calle-- i character, and every act of life is a A young mind may be guided and charstone thereof, and every desire forms some acter developed, while an aged one may not PROGRESS. J new-bor- n , part." Honesty, faithfulness, sincerity and purity are the mighty cornerstones of character. They should be laid as soon as a child begins to notice indeed even before it is born. "Our minds are given us, but our characters we make." The-Gogiven powers necessary to produce a man of character are not character, no more than the raindrop is the fountain, The ocean beach is com posed of numberless grains of sand, so character is formed by just so many little thoughts and acts. Character and reputation are not the same. Character is the apple, reputation the colored peel. Reputation may find its reward among groveling humanity, while character awaits its vindicatiou,if necessary, in eternity. Reputation is what men think is what you are. The Character you are, were, persecuting Jews high in reputation d be influenced. Helaman's army of two thousand young men defeated in battle a much larger army of the Lauiauites without the loss of a single life to them. When asked how it was done, the reply was: "Our mothers taught us while young to pray, and if we did not doubt, the Lord would deliver us." When his apostles would look for the secret of perfection. Jesus gave them the example of a child a standard of future greatness; hence the object of a parent should bd to keep a child a child, even after it reaches manhood or womanhood a child in all that goes to make perfect character. A wealthy merchant at an advanced age was on his death bed. His mother died when he was eight years of age. Half conscious he started in bed and said: "I thought I heaid the voice of my angel mother." He spent hours telling of her personal graces,lovely smiles and gentle ac tions. So riveted were they upon his young mind before her death, that a lifetime of business turmoil, excitement and dissipa-- t on could not blot the childish memory out. j Hence youth is the springtime of character, and the seeds town then will put forth fruits for good or evil. Mothers, teach daughters the secrets aud sacredness of maternity. No girl should be ignorant of the emotions and changes peculiar to girlhood. She should be taught to keep the fountain of life pure. Her purity and modesty should be to her what the power ol the spirit was to Nephi a consuming fire to those who would stain her innocent life; and boys should be likewise. But the lesson is for youih. Fail at this time, and the parents become, in a measure, responsible for the later recklessness and carelessness of. the child. "Honest courage," said a great writer, "is of greater worth than any amount of grace; purity is better than elegance, and cleanliness of body, mind and heart than any amount of fine art. VvMle the cultivation of the graces and fine arts are not to be neglected, it should never be forgotten that there is something far higher and noDler to be aimed at, greater than pleasure, greater than art, greater than wealth, greater than power, greater than intellect, greater than genius and that is, puiityaud excellence of character. Wit out a solid, sterling basis of individual goodness, all the grace, elegance and art in the world would fail to save or elevate a people. Seek, then'for character, trusting in time and justice to establish for you a perfect Let your capital in life be reputation. character hew close to that conviction defend it with life, aud your final crowning will be marvelous and perfect." UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. The Utah Woman's Press Club held its annual meeting at the home of Mrs. Maria Francis on the 29th of Octob r, 1904. After the reading and approval of the minutes of the last meeting, officers were elected for the next year, which resulted in the appointment of Mrs. Maria Francis, President; Miss Stella Neff, Vice- Presdent; Mrs. Lilian Maeser, Second Mrs. Elizabeth S. Wilcox, Secretary; Mrs. Isabel M. W. Sears, Cor. Secretary; Mrs. Hattie B. Harker, Treasurer. Many of the members were in fancy dress and entertained the club with a few minutes talk relative to the characters they represented. Those particularly interesting were Helen of Troy, by Mrs. Lilian Maeser; Penelope, by Miss Stella Neff; the Empress Eugenie, by Mary F. Kelly; a Puritan Mother, by Mrs. Maria Francis. President Lucy A. Clark, Postmistress. Miss Olea Shipp's rendering of Spring was much appreciated, as also the rendition d "Orphan Annie," by Miss Ellis Shipp and Miss Youngberg. Dr. Ellis Shipp presented the retiring President, Mrs. L. A. Clarke, with the Daughters of theRevolution in two volumes, in the name of the club. Regrets were expressed at the unavoidable absence of Mrs. E. B. Wells, who has always been the main support of the club. Refreshments were served, and there was a unanimous expression of satisfaction and en M F. joyment. - Vice-Preside- en-tide- j 