WOMAN'S OUT OF THE CRUCIAL. BY MABEIXE BIGGART. I said: I will walk in the fields, Where the flowers are fresh And the skies are blue God said: "Nay, walk in the town, There hearts are burdened And homes despoiled!" I said: But the clouds are black The way is dark And my courage is faint! God said: "But hearts are sick In the noise and the din There is work for thee In the sorrow and sin!" MISS MABELLE BIGGART INTERVIEWED. SOME OF THE LEADING WOMEN I HAVE MET. EXPONENT. The picture Valkyrie, the god Thor rush-inthrough the air with his servants and his attendants and going to Valhalla, where they rest from their labors for a while, according to the mythological story, is one of the most beautiful creations that her husband could have made. This picture hangs in the National Gallery in Christiania, and there is also a copy of it in her own home. I spent many pleasant days with her and through her I was introduced to many prominent people. I might say that the women of Christiania and other portions of Norway, whom I had the privilege of meeting, are proud to call themselves "the Americans of the North." That is because they are watching for woman's progress and all that attains to her development and uplifting conditions, and so they look to us for these points in which we have progressed. Movements are on foot for the social life of woman, and, I might say, the true eman cipation of woman, in Norway. We can scarcely realize the thraldom of her women, but they have taken the question in hand and are presenting to their govern ment amendments whereby woman shall have her freedom in more lines than I could mention in this little interview: freedom which is needed in lines of purity and emancipation. Club In Sweden the Frederika-Breme- r From has done an immense good. it go out nearly all the philanthropic lines of Stockholm. I met some of their leaders and I was entertained by several ladies in the city who are interested in similar work The as that being started in Christiania. lines are drawn somewhat closer to women in Sweden than in Norway, but they, on the other hand, are also waking up and have petitioned Parliament, through a long ine of signatures, to give them also the needed freedom for woman. There are many noble workers in Stock holm among women, and I was particular- y interested in what I called the titled, or noble-womeSuffice it to say, that the titled people walk in Stockholm, and the people who have come up from the lower ranks and acquired money quickly, or who have been to America and brought back money, they ride in their carriages, but many people of title and noble rank are living simply, dressing simply, but progressing, and are even found in commercial interests. We must not forget that it is an old, a very old aristocratic kingdom and that Norway has drawn away from all others and has become a Republic. Therefore, the society of the two is quite different. We may say, as to women of tbe world that, as Lowell says, "God sends His teachers into every age, to every land and every tongue, nor gives the realm of truth unto the selfish rule of one sole race." So God has raised up one noble leader in every land, or more. He has given Christiania, or you might say Norway, its Camilla Collette; Sweden its Frederika-Bremer- ; Germany its Angel Queen, Louise; England its Florence Nightingale and Catherine Booth; and America its Clara Barton and Frances g M'lla Monont who has been at the head of Women's Congresses; is of one of the oldest families of good French stock. She is the supporter and at the head of the largest Deaconesses' home in the world. She is Christian and philanthropic. She presided at the women's conference at Versailles a year ago in May. This conference was held cn a pleasant estate loaned for the purpose. There were over a thousand women present by invitation, representing the leading women of Paris, who are philanthropic without being essentially Christian. All subjects pertaining to women and the advancement of social life in Paris and other portions of continental Europe were brought forward in most enthusiastic papers. There were delegates from many countries, who, by the way, were on their way to the W. C. T. U. World's International Conference, which was meeting at Geneva, SwitOf course, the papers and all zerland. were given in the French tongue. It was an y session, most inspiring, most enI was pleased with one' of the thusiastic women editors of a leading Parisian journal. She was particularly of the Latin type. Her magnetism was very striking. A look, Her a gesture, meant as much as a word. obof down was matter that crying subject scene pictures in the streets of Paris and putting forth pure literature to the young as well as the old of France. M'lle Monont presided with dignity and grace and rare tact, which she always shows. I would like to tell you of Mrs. Eliza Arbo, widow of the famous historical and mythological painter of Christiania, Norway. She has one of the finest private salons outside of Paris. Her home was designed by her late husband, and her studio is a rare art gallery, filled with the paintings of her late famous husband and also some of her own. They both studied Mrs. Arbo and worked together in Paris. is living in retirement, in a me.isure, now in the old capital city, Christiania, giving her time to philanthropic interests, woman's work, her art and the education of her two delightful daughters, but all in a quiet genteel way. She is a woman of rare gifts. A KENSINGTON TEAS. linguist. Her nationality is English and The question asked by every lady who is Norwegian, so that she his the characteristics of each nation, and considerable that desirous of entertaining her friends is; has been acquired from the French, from What shall I have for a novelty? So serious is this query becoming and the her long residence with them. n. all-da- 27 expense entailed, that only those whom "Dame Fortune" has favored with ample means can attempt it, without an amount nf squeezing and saving in other necessities that is inconvenient and exceedingly g annoying. In Chicago many l?dies have ceased this mode of entertainment altogether, and yet the gatherings are equally enjoyable. When the guests are assembled a series of interesting announcements are commenced, in which those previously invited to assist take part. Music, singing and recitations take their share, and interspersed are pithy sayings or actions that the fertile imaginations of the entertainers can suggest. Not more than a few minutes is allowed Scanbetween each part of the program. refreshdal is strictly prohibited. Simple ments are served round the rooms, and after about two hours the guests disperse, all expressing themselves thoroughly delighted and having passed a very pleasant time. I merely offer this as a suggestion to our Salt Lake kdies and think it worthy of a trial. A Friend op the Editor. R. S. REPORTS. PANGUITCH STAKE. Panguitch Stake Relief Society Confer- ence convened at Panguitch Tabernacle, June 13, 1904, commencing at 10 a. m. President Elizabeth DeLong presiding, after the usual exercises of singing, prayer, etc., a letter was read explaining that the sisters that were to visit us were unable to do so on account of the death of Apostle Owen Woodruff's wife as his mother was one of the sisters appointed to visit us, and she had to go, and get his little motherless children. Wards were reported as follows: Panguitch Ward by President Mary B. Hey-wooHenrieville Ward by Sister C. E. Savage; Escelanta Ward by President Mary E. Alvy; Kingston Ward by President Hannah E. Sudweeks; Tropic Ward by Sister Sarah J. Hilton; Sister Barbara Myers bore her testimony. Sister Mary H. Levy gave a report of her visit to Salt Lake City to the Young Ladies Conference. Sister Hannah A. Crosby spoke on the opportunities of our yonng people today. Sister Lyda Row gave a report of the mothers work in Escelanta Ward. President Elizabeth DeLong announced that a lunch would be served during the noon hour at the Relief Society Hall, for all visiting sisters, and officers and members of the choir. Conference adjourned d; until p. m. Conference reconvened at 2 p. m. Sister Mammie T. Dodds gave a lecture on 2 Motherhood, Sister Annie K. Lee sang. Sister Allie Clark spoke. Laura Montague sang, Sister Maria L. Sargent, Sister Alice Tane Cameron, Sister Margaret H. Clark and President Elizabeth LeLong each spoke briefly. Margaret H. Haycock, Secetary. 