WOMAN'S EXPONENT IO God reigns She felt grateful for the pros- also necessary for our welfare. society supreme." perity that surrounded the Saints. Verbal reports as follows: Bloomington, President S. Patterson; Liberty, President M. Morgan; Sharon, President E. Miles; Moutpelier, President Agnes Pearce; Bennington, President M.Van Orman; Georgetown, Jeanet Thibets; Raymond, President Martha Hart. Counselor Mary Bagley had noted the devotion manifested by the presidents. Would not be deprived of attending Relief Society if it were possible to attend for all this world's goods. The influence felt in associating together is a' power for good; enumerated many of the blessings received ty attending and being energetic in the performance of duties, such as visiting the sick, administering comfort to those around us both by word and deed. Had the privilege recently of listening to a sister who lived in the days of the Prophet Joseph and who was also a member of the first Relief Society. Sister Sarah A. Allred, of the Stake Presidency of Young Ladies, thought we were all laboring for the same goal, should be willing to divide our substance with' those who are less fortunate, charitable to all God's children, and pray for all regardless of color or creed. Stake Missionary Elnora Austin felt that it is good to have a clear conscience; it is a great satisfaction to feel that we are trying to keep the laws of God, Felt like trying to overcome her weaknesses. Bishop Alma Findlay spoke on the object of this probation. There is no reason why we should not be happy, the Gospel brings joy to the heart. President J. P. Lindsay expressed her gratitude for the good advice and instruction given and for the Holy Spirit made manifest. Prayer by Elder John Bagley. Relief Society officers' meeting, July 10, that is, the Mothers W7ork. Asked the young ladies to come and take advantage of these opportunities, they are especially prepared for those who are raising children. We can accomplish much good if we are only united. President Nancy E. Pugmire, of the Y. L. M. I. A. said, "It is a pleasant thought to know that we are all true to the Gospel. If we endure to the end we will be saved; we should try and get all the sunshina into We will be our souls that is possible. known by the company we keep. Thought that many of the parents were too indulgent; we are ambitious for our children, There is nothing that will bring us greater satisfaction than a well spent life. Sister Elnora Austin said the Relief Society has a work among the young people in trying to keep them in subjection to the proper influences and not allow them to run at large at all hours of the night. Sister Amelia Hoge endorsed the remarks made upon the government of our Mothers should instruct their children. become good wives and mothto daughters ers, that they may understand the rules and regulations of a model home. Bishop W. W. Clark felt like supporting the organizatioa; they are indeed filling their mission as a Relief Society. Missed from our midst Sister E. Hart. Pleased to see sisters uncover their heads in religious services. Many other valuable remarks were given. Sister Mary Bagley said we should look after those who are weak in the faith. Jesus came to heal the sick. It is our duty to look after thope who are sick iu body, also in spirit, and comfort the distressed by kind and encouraging words. Closing prayer by Bishop Alma Findlay. Louise Tueller, Cor. Secretary- - PIONEER STAKE. The first quarterly ronference of the Pioneer Stake Relief Society was held on Verbal reports not given on Saturday were given: Fish Haven, by President Jessie Jnne 9th, in the Seventh .Ward Assembly Nelson; St. Charles by President Sarah A. rooms, President Annie Wells Cannon preThere siding. Commenced at 10 a.m. Young; Wardboro and Dingle were reportP. on besides stand who with were present ed by President J. the regthe Lindsay, other stake officers had recently visited, had ular stake officers, Sisters Phebe Y. Beatie also filled vacancies where needed; Ovid, by and Carrie S. Thomas of the General President Mary Jensen; Paris, First ward, Board and President Annie S. Musser and by President Jane Stucki; Paris. Second counselors of Liberty Stake, President Marward, by President Sarah Ashley; Lanark, garet Romney of Ensign Stake, Sister Mary Alice Lambert and others. There was a by Counselor Sarah A. Ludlum; Cokeville, fine attendance of members and a splendid by President J. Lindsay. President William Budge was pleased to spirit prevailed. After the opening exercises, the ward see the interest manifested by the attend-aacThe reports have been interesting. presidents reported the condition of the Should take care of the grain; good granaseveral branches of the stake, and then folries should be built. It would not be wislowed some interesting remarks by Sister dom to donate wheat unless it can be preBeatie, pertaining principally to the Relief served for our use in time of need. The Society nurse work. She gave much valuspirit of disobedience and independence, is able instruction in regard to the selecting growing among our children and young of young women for this work and also as people; they neglect their meetings and to the care of them by friends, in homes other duties. Felt pleased to offer words of when they come from outside settlements. Sister Carrie S. Thomas spoke on the encouragement to all who are devoted to this noble work. j same subject, and referred to the charges of Sunday afternoon, July 10. 1904,, 2 p. m. nurses. Said she knew "the laborer was Meeting was presided over by Bishop worthy of his hire," still the Latter-da- y Alma Findlay until after the administration Saint women must have care, and the of the Sacrament. nurse ought not to expect more than President Julia Lindsay then conducted the husband's wages for her services; that the meeting and addressed a large congreshe thought there should be a reasonable gation in relation to our object in meeting arrangement made concerning the prices in conference. She earnestly solicited the for nurses. Spoke interestingly on the prayers of those present that she might mother's work and said by Relief Society have wisdom and strength to instruct her work we associated ourselves with the very sisters. We have additional work in our best women, and always received fine op 1904. e. portunities of mingling where the Spirit of the Lord abounded. President Musser addressed the meeting, and spoke quite interestingly about her own stake work and her newly aroused interest in Relief Society work. President Annie W. Cannon urged the sisters to heed the good counsel given and spoke especially about the progress of the Relief Society work, and how we kept on reaching after new ideas and introducing new lines of wcrk; that the women of Zion were always bringing forth new interests, and that our work was given us through inspiration, even as we were organized by inspiration; that when President Brigham Young called Sister Romania B. Pratt to go away and study medicine, it was the opening of a new era for our women. He saw the great necessity among the people for intelligent women doctors, and he placed this mission upon her. to prepare herself and to teach others, that there might be less suffering and sorrow among the women of Zion, and now we not only have women physicians, but trained nurses throughout the stakes of Zion. It is not in the City where the want of good, intelligent care is felt so much as in the outlying settlements, and we must open our homes to these girls who come here to learn nursing for the benefit of our sisters. After singing and prayer, the meeting took a recess until two o'clock. At two in the afternoon the sisters reassembled, and the hall was filled. On the stand, beside tb.2 stake officers, were President McLachlan and Counselers Sylvester Q. Cannon and Charles H. Hyde of Pioneer Staks, and we were also honored by the presence of the General President of the Relief Society, Bathsheba W. Smith, and the General Secretary, Emmeline B. Wells, also Sister Julina L. Smith of the General Board, besides Presidents Musser and Romney, Sister Tnomas and others. After the opening exercises, SisterCannon introduced Sister Bathsheba W, Smith, the General President, snd the only person living who was present at the organization of the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith. President Smith spoke briefly of her great interest and devotion to Relief Society and Temple work, and read some instructions given by the Prophet Joseph to the Saints. She bore a strong testimony of the truth of the Gospel. Sister Julina Smith followed and spoke about raising our children in the princi-pse- s of the Gospel, and the great help we had now throngh the Primaiy, Sunday School and Improvement work. Sister Emmeline B. Wells then spoke at some length about Relief Society work in its different and interesting branches. Spoke of the great good the sisters had done; related some reminiscences of Kirtland and Nauvoo. Spoke oi the Relief Society as the first auxiliary organization in the Church, therefore standing next to the priesthood. Miss Ruth Dahlquist then sang a solo, after which President McLachlan spoke to the sisters very interestingly indeed, nnd gave excellent advice about attending their meetings punctually and regularly, and said he fully realized the great benefit of the Relief Society organizations. He was followed by Counselor Sylvester Q. Cannon, who also made interesting and instructive remarks. The names of the General Officers of the Relief Society and the Stake Officers were 