WOMAN'S EXPONENT a ward to pronounce the benediction and request that they observe reverently the day and place. Rev. Dr. Dickie locked proud and pleased as he offered his arm to Miss Anthony, literally to rescue her, as the entire congregation of women pressed forward and fairly took her in their embrace. The business sessions of the Council are held in the beautiful "House of the Artists, "where their picture exhibits are given, and, like the other halls here, lich in paintings, stained glass, carving and statuary. If the confusion of tongues does rot drive the delegates to drink, they certainly will be entitled to a medal frnm the W. C. T. U. The Council (fficially recognizes tl ree languages, English, German and French, but all previous meetings have been conducted in English. Here, however, the other two prevail, but even these are ioreign to the members, from Holland, Finland, Scandinavia, and various other countries. While most of their educated womtn speak Erg lish to some degree, and some of the English-women understand French and German, only a tew can follow involved resolutions, amendments and parliamentary All the proceedings, speeches, etc , at the business sessions, therefore, have to be repeated by the interpreters in the three languages, and when the discussion becomes animated and the temper slightty heated, the Tower of Babel by comparison seems a very simple proposition. and friendliness of spirit are manifested to a degree which is really remarkable under the circumstances, but the delegates are pretty limp by the end of each session. At the charming social entertainments which have been arranged we find the same exasperating obstacle, and frequently, upon meeting some one whom we have long wished to know, we can only press her hand, look eloquently in her eyes, and pas on feeling like an idict. Usually, however, we Americans are like the husband and wife who always effected a peaceful compromise by doing exactly as the husband wished. We compromise the difference in language by carrying on the conversation in English; but still there are a number of our women from the United States who converse fluently in German and French. We are proud of our international president, Mrs. Sewall, who apparently speaks and understands the three languages with equal ease. When the audience were wildly applauding her address, our American delegation thought to make our appreciation especially manifest by shouting "Hoch! Hoch!" at the top of our voices, but we pronounced it "Hock," and learned afterwards that it should have been "Ho," so we shall applaud in English hereafter. As we sat on the platform and looked down into the hundreds of faces, we asked Miss Shaw if she could see much difference between this and an American audience. "Yes," she answered, here they have enthusiasm." And so they have, responding instantly to a point, and rising to their feet with cries of approval in a way that is mi st inspiring to a speaker. Strange to say, the appearance of the audience is not so different from one in the United States as it tan-yle- Self-contr- ol e. seemed in London. Das Palast Hotel is in a busy centre, with a park in front, and at night one might imagine himself looking out of the windows of the Fifth Avenue Hotel in New York. The hospitality, courtesy and thoughtful-nes- s of the Berlin women to the Council delegates and speakers can hardly be expressed. It is overflowing, boundless, unNothing has been overlooked ceasing. could contribute to our comfort and which convenience. Every hour not required for council meetings is filled with the most' delightful social affairs, always offering the most elaborate refreshments. What must fortignert think when they are invited to a '"tea" or reception in the United States and regaled with a wafer or a tiny cup of chocolate? The cards for the opening reception given by the German Council in Prince Albert's Hotel said nine o'clock, so some of us dined leisurely, took our time to make an evening toilette, and presented ourselves about eleven. Our feeling may be imagined when we were ushered into a griat banquet hall, the tables still weighted with the remains of an elaborate feast, the toasts all finished and the receiving party bidding adieu to the guests. Since then we have driven up to the door "when the clock was striking the hour " The lovers of beautiful architecture and exquisite decorations were in rapture c ver the house of Frau Geheimen Baurath Kay-sewhose husband is one of the leading architects in Berlin. In his own home he huS expressed his choicest ideas, and all parts ot Europe have contiibuted to its It was placed at the unique furnishings. of Frau Marie disposal Stritt, ol Dresden, of the German president Council, for her to the Mrs. Sewall reception delegates. has had three functions, an opening "coffee," a handsome luncheon ot a hundred covers, and a large reception in honor of the new offi ial beard, all in the banquet room of Das Palast Hotel. The breakfast given by the Berlin Committee of Arrangements, whose chairman is Frau Hedwig Heyl, daughter of the founder of the North German Lloyd Steamship Company, a society leader and president ol various clubs and societies, has been one of the most notable events The clubhouse, in one of the lovely parks on the shores of the river Spree, was an ideal place, and every arrangement was perfect, r, OBSTETRICS Dr. Maggie 6. Roberts Will commence her next class in Obstetrics on Monday, October 10, 1904. This class will also have the advantage of at- tending the Relief Society Nurse Class taught by Dr. Roberts. For further information, communicate with Dr. Roberts, 79 C Street. Telephone 2002. music, flowers, toasts, souvenirs, not a detail lacking, even the bonbons bearing an excellent picture of Miss Anthony. The week's social festivities closed fittingly with the reception of Ambassador and Mrs. Tower to the American delegates. They reside in a magnificent palace in an aristocratic part of the city, and it is said his entire salary for the year lacks $500 of Lovers of demopaying his arnual rent. cratic simplicity may hold that it is not necessary for him to live in so sumptuous a manner, but they do not comprehend how essential this is in a foreign country if the American Embassy is to maintain its prestige with those of other nations. Mr. Tower is the only Ambassador from the United States who ever has been able to entertain at dinner the Emperor of Germany, as the etiquette of the court permits him to enter only homes maintained at a certain standard. Most of us have been pleased to see Toronto selected as the place for the next Quinquennial meeting of the Council. The presidency of Mrs Sewall has been without a parallel in the history of organizations. She founded the Council with nine affiliated branches, or National Auxiliaries. She leaves it with a membership of twenty National Councils, and with in fifteen other countries doing the preliminary work toward organization. The Council is partly supported by patrons of who pay $100, and of the thirty-fivthese Mrs. Sewall. or those very close to The amount her, have secured thirty-three- . of labor she has done, the thousands of letters she has written, are beyond computation. The present Council has been one of the greatest triumphs ever recorded for organized womanhood, and Mrs. Sewall's ability as a presiding officer is unsurEx. passed." vice-presiden- e DR. ELLIS R. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, ,VE 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. We "aim to give you as TRY US SHIPP Will open a class in Nursing and Obstetrics on Monday, Oct. 9, 1904, at her home, 713 Second Street, Salt Lake Those desiring to attend will City. please commuuicate personally or by letter. Save Your Monoyi And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the back we have opened more than 37,600 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit marric0 women and also childreifwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW Ue pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ods dollar to five thousand, and compute said interest Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. UeorcJe M Cannon, Cashier. No 1 Main Street. GliflSS R. K. ts IH 1YIID01IFERY JIflD NURSING. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her class in Midwifery and Nursing April 7, 1904. One student free. Write for particulars. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. 