Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST, 1904 Vol. 33 CONTENTS. King George's Birthday. ........Lydia D. Alder A 17 Sarah B. Layton IS Strong Testimony E.B.VV. Annual Meeting D. R Demonstration Call for the Sixth Annual May Wright Sewall 18 Relisf Society Reports Lizzie Lee Butler In Memoriam Mothers' Work National Council of Women United States... , May Wright Sewall Editorial Business Meeting N. W. R. S 20 Relief Society Conference Hopeful Signs Editorial Notes Poetry Peace 19 22 22 23 20 20 20 20 Ernest Crosby 17 A, L, Fisher The Earth is the Lord's The Floating Tea Party.. Lydia D. Alder Ex. Peace Rallying Song 17 , 19 19 PEACE. Peace, O Peace, when will the nation Lift its eyes and understand How Thou holdest all creation Jn the hollow of Thy hand? Thine the strength that stays the ocean Hypnotized beneath Its bed; Thine the power that keeps in motion Constellations overhead. Thine the orb of love afire; Lighting up the heavens profound; Thine the suns that never tire Swinging planets round and round. Thine the furnaces white-heate- d, Where they forge the cosmic powers Where the sons of God once greeted world of ours This new-fashion- Thine the strength, serene, unshaken, Which can master self alone, Quelling passions when they waken, From 'I hy calm eternal throne. Insult, hatred cannot reach Thee At that still, majestic height. Make us conscious, we beseech Thee, Of our own reserves of might. Teach us, while the battle rages. What we never understood: This the mystery of the ages Evil overcome by good. Far above the storms and thunders, Far above the war and strife, Far above our sins and blunders. At the source of strength and life There I see Thy hand commanding, With the olive branch for rod, Peace that passeth understanding! Spirit of Almighty God! Urnest Crosby. "THE EARTH IS THE LORD'S." are brothers, and God is their Father, He made the earth with its blessings for all, In His pure sight only meekness is mighty Beyond His care not a sparrow can fall. All men His is the gold; His is also the silver; His are tha flocks on a thousand green hills; From the grand Orb of Day to the spring by the wayside All is His own; each His purpose fulfils. Man gains no riches by robbing his brother; Nor grows he poor when supplying his need. Each can enjoy but the portion God gives him; None may increase it by hoarding or greed. No. 3. sight of the kind ever witnessed by the writer there in full operation was a thrashing machine, run entirely by women! "Where are the men?" was asked. "Learnto be soldiers," was the reply. Learning Why should man strive for the wealth that must ing to be soldiers! Learning to be stood up perish7 to be shot at, learning to be exiled to a barWhy freeze his heart for the hard yellow gold? Gold never pnrchased om smile of affection, racks life, every young man forced to give Nor could it kindle a friendship grown cold. two years of his life to the ruler, which is a sore expense to his parents, if they are poor, Love is God's coin, with His image upon it; as of course, the most are. "In God we Trust" is its motto and sign; is is Never can they rise above the ranks, This tha coin that current forever, Made in the mint of a nature divine. never be advanced. The sous of the nobility are there for disThen, brother man, gain love for your brother? and rule. Any of these officers, tinction Come from your warfare of hatred and tears! of Egypt," for the first ten years of service, are paid Be not content with the "flesh-pot- s r Gird on your strength, for the appears. only about sixty marks a month ($15 00) A. L. Fisher. after that perhaps a hundred marks a month and they are required to dress handsomely, and live in like manner. So that of necessity they must marry money, while the poor cannot afford to marry at all unless the KING GEORGE'S BIRTHDAY. wife carries the whole burden of life. Thus it is that about one third, it is estimated, of King George of Saxony, was seventy-tw- o the population of monarchial countries,, is years old, on Aug. 8, 1904. The day was observed as a holiday in illegitimate. But recently, a circumstance came to the Saxony. The German flag, and student's knowledge of the writer, a respectable, but flags of green and white, and blue and yelwidow, was taking care of two such poor low were flying in the breeze, the discharge for which she was paid a pittance. children, of guns, and cannon's thundering roar. One two months old, the other seven. was Manuevers of troops, were also a feature of of the youngest child is a soldThe father the day's celebration, in Dresden, Leipzig, ier, so the poor, erring young girl must 2nd other cities. pay for its support herself, while the father In the evening, over the entrance door of of the other one, pays three marks a week the old Raut Haus, Leipzig, a crown, about (75 cents) and the mother two marks for its three feet high, and two sun burst stars, This is the second child born to this care. about two feet high, formed entirely of first having died. They say they the pair, small gas jets, was sparkling and glistenare too poor to marry. "The outlook is ing, as though composed of diamonds. they say, unless they both work The glittering spectacle, lighted the hopeless," save. both It seems many, start life and whole of the old market square, used long after then this way, they are married, take ago for a market. The Saxon coat of arms the other children home. are inlaid, in fine stones, in its pavement But more often, either father or mother, still, right in front of the gleaming insigor both, go to some other part, forsaking The Raut Haus was used nia of royalty. the helpless one, and leaving it to the tendby Napoleon to stable his horses in as well of the poor house officials. A mercies er as the chuiches, during his raid on this was not paid for such a child, who land 18 13. It is a queer but well preserved woman, the stipulation, decided to to according looking building. King George is not beto over it the county, but. she was inturn loved by his people, as he demanded a raise would she have to do the best she of two million marks annually, more than formed, were as unable to take it, havthey was paid to his brother, the late King could, such a thovsaud children, already in the Abucht. The result of this was, that when ing is it not a very large city and the people paid their taxes, a slip of paper institution, either. O, the hardships of women and was handed each one, for twenty-fivper cent more, for the crown, so that those who children, and their degradation! And yet their King, is the wealthiest monarch in struggled hard before for the common necessities of life, had their burdens heavily Europe. Near the farm we visited, a pitiable object was standing by a gate. Perhaps increased, on the women directly or indithirty years of age, a babe in her arms; a rectly much of this falls. It was a beautiful day, cool and free common stuff skirt, old and shabby, came just below her knees, on her feet a coarse from dust, as it had rained the day before. pair of shoes, and no stockings this comA picnic had been arranged by a number pleted her attire. of friends. We were to go to a milk garShe was not a common looking woman, den four or five miles in the country where milk fresh and sweet could be obtained. On either; patience was written on her face, either said of the road, were rows of fruit and there was a trace, of what under haptrees heavily laden, yet no one touched pier conditions, would be termed "womanthem. We passed large fields of grain some liness." The farm women, carry a basket, stacked ready for thrashing, in others the which holds about two bushels (our measgleaners were gathering up the remnants ure) made square but deep, the corners have of the harvest. But in, every case it was a strong willow stick, about two inches women, not a man to be seen. The only lower than the bottom of the basket, a day-sta- 