Woman s Exponent 5 The Ballot tn I he Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER, Vol. 33 CONTENTS. An Abbie II. Cowley E. B. W. Interesting Letter D R. May Meeting Miss Mabelle Biggart Interviewed 25 26 a7 A Friend 27 Kensington Teas M. II. H. 27 R. S. Reports Panguitch Stake Martha P. Smith 30 Salt Lake Stake Lizzie Robbins 30 Liberty Stake 29 Visit in St. George Stake E. C. W. 29 Bishop's Birthday Party C L. Gardner 30 Death of a Pioneer ' Close of the Berlin Meeting 31 28 Edit )rial The New Civilization 2S A Pioneer Anniversary v September Meeting, U. R Editorial Notes E. R S. Poetry "Home. Sweet Home" Mable Biggart Out of the Crucial 28 20 25 27 "HOME, SWEET HOME." Once there was written a song, now immortal, By one who was destined life's pathways to roam. By Paine, then denied the sanctified portal, The restfulness found with loved ones at home. And he must surely have tasted its glories, Or how could he picture the pleasure that's there? Excetdinge'en all the beautiful stories Of poet and sage on the sweetntss of home. Home! sweet, sweet home! blest home, sacred, How the innermost depths dear and of our being is thrilled Even vanquishing pain, and sorrow, and hatred, With holiest thought all natures are rilled, ! At home, where in love and union are blende.l The hearts of its inmates in unchanging love, That fireside with virtue and honor defended By God's holy presence and smiles from above. Must I, like our bard, forever, I wonder, Be destined he pangs of an exile to know? From country to country forever to wander Alone 'mid life's blasts my tears ever flow. . Perhaps there will ne'er be abiding place for me In this mortal sphere of trial and strife; Thank God for the hope of eternal glory To those who endure in faith through this life. Thank God for the sweet, the blessed assurance Of a heavenly peace which to each one will corre As a guerdon to all for patient endurance That perfect, that bright, immortalized home. Ellis R. Shipp, M. D. AN INTERESTING LETTER. Northampton, Mass., Dear Sister Wei's: July 12, 1904, Being in your native state, my thoughts turn to you and to my friends who left this beautiful place to assist in building up the barren country to which the Lord directed His people Acording to your wish, I will give you a brief account of our travels. My daughter and myself left our home June 1 to visit Canada, being invited by my nephew, John W. Wolf, to accompany himself and wife to their home in Cardston on their return from the June conference. After a very pleasant trip of two days we arrived in Sterlirg June 14, where we were met at the depot by Brother Brandley. After partaking of his kind hospitality over night, we proceeded on to Cardston, where we were welcomed by relatives and friends. We improved the time for two weeks visiting and h oking at the country, which, at this time of the year, presents a very beautiful appearance, the. weather being as pleasant as we could desire. The people were busily engaged preparing for "Dominion Day," which is the 1st of July. As we had our trip arranged for the Eastern States, we did not participate in the celebration. Starting on our tour June 27th, we took the Great Noithern train and sped along through northern Montana, Dakota and Minnesota without changing cars or stopping off until we reached St. Paul, viewing as we passed the large ranches of Montana, on which were comparatively small houses, which were changed for the immense grain fields with beautiful large houses, those which appeared to us as ideal farm homes. The country looked like one great, green field as far as the eye could see, now and then passing a village or city. At tit. Paul we changed cars en route for The country now presents a difChicago. ferent appearance as we come to the beautiful dells and lakes of the Wisconsin, which delighted the eye for hours. We arrived at Chicago Thursday evening, June 30th, where we were mtt by Brother Ellsworth, who is laboring in the missionary field. Friday and Saturday we were engaged taking in some oi the sights of Chicago.visiting the University grounds, where we met friends from home; also visited some of the large buildings, parks, etc , and enjoyed a delightful ride on Lake Michigan. Sunday we attended meetings, where we were kindly greeted by Elders and Saints, we also attended a street meeting, where we listened to Elders and sisters proclaim the plan of life and salvation to the people as they passed by. Now and then one would stop and listen for a while, then go on, and others would stop and listen until the meeting closed; occasionally there would ba a disturbance by some one calling out in disrespectful terms, but the Elders went on unheeding, so that those who did desire might hear the truth. Being invited by President Asahel Woodruff, we remained in Chicago to spend the 4th of July, which was Monday. We accompanied himself and family to Washington Park, where Elders, Saints and students arranged to celebrate. The day was an ideal one. The beginning of the programme seemed to be handshaking and introducing one to another, as many of the party were from different parts of Zion, who were del ghttd to meet a friend so far from home, while others were just as pleased to meet a brother or a sister in the Gospel, which is especially appreciated in the world, where there are few in 7 No. .4 1904 About 1 o'clock cloths were spread upon the green grass, and all partook of a bounteous lunch prepared by the sisters, after which a meeting was called by Brother Ellsworth, Marshal of the day, which consisted of speeches, lecitations and songs suitable to the occasion, followed by sports of different kinds, racing, games, boat riding, etc. After enjoying a very pleasant and took day we bade the party good-bthe train en route for Massachusetts and Maine, stopping, however, to view the beautiful scenery of Niagara. Continuing our travels we arrived at Boston, where we remained but one day. We visited Bunker Hill monument, Harvard University who on called the and Elders grounds, were laboring there, as well as all other Elders we visited, they were feeling well and enjoying the spirit of their calling. Meeting with the Elders was among the most enjoyable events of our trip, as we felt we had met a friend and a brother. The evening of the 7th we took the steamship for Portland, Maine, President Martin, who had charge of this part of the mission, accompanying us. We landed at Portland about 8 o'clock in the morning, where we were kindly received by (my husband's) relatives. We called on a sister of Grandma Foss, as she was formerly known, who was also a sister of Aunt Phcebe Woodruff, our late President Woodruff's departed wife, Mrs. Shuah Moulton, who has attained the age of ninety-three She was in good health yeaisand spirits for one of her age; was pleased to hear of her sisters' families who left their homes here so many years ago. We were indeed pleased to see her; she remembered all of her departed sisters; inquired about their famiies, calling them by name. She has a family of useful children around her a son who is a leading lawyer in Portland, and two daughters, one being a school teacher. She told us how she had striven to educate them and keep them around her, as she was left a widow when they were young. She seemed interested in the current topics of the day, on which she conversed. Also the signs of the times as referred to in the scripture, which seemed to her were pointing to the last y - days. Our time being limited we did not stay long, as we had an appointment to meet Mbs Foss, my husband's cousin, who was going to show us around Scarborough and Soco, from which places my husband's mother and grandmother came We started on our ride about 11 o'clock and continued until 6 o'clock. The scenery of the country was a change for us. being hills and hollows, with large tracts of woods, with here and there a farm house and a patch of green grass around it, which was the farm, The grass, with generally an orchard. however, was tall and thick, vegetation being very luxuriant everywhere. Among woods are beautiful ferns and flowers. the ' We visited the home of Gradma Foss ar d Aunt Phoebe Woodruff, also the birthplace and childhood home of my husband's mother. The houses are in good condition, one of them being over a hundred years 