WOMAN'S EXPONENT 64 Counselor Ida S. prayer and singing. first was the Dusenbeiry speaker. She was not feeling well and only occupied a few minutes, thought it was by being gocd to others that we had the most joy; those who remain at home and do net reach out a helping hand become narrow-minded- ; paid a high tribute to Sister Zina Y. Card, thought we should all have greater charity for the faults of cur friends and become broader-minded- ; read a Utter from President Bathsmba Y. Smith and said she sent greetings to the sisters, she prayed for them and desired their prayers for her. Sister R. E. Little thought she realized to some extent the great work the Saints had dene there and the sacrifices they had made in the last sixteen years in settling that land, felt they were nobler because of their experiences, spoke upon philanthropy and charity, and the Savior's example; she had found some of her girlhood friends since being there, felt extremely happy in their midst. Singing, "Where the voice of friendship's heard " Sister Zina Y. Card spoke elegantly upon gratitude and kindly demonstrations and mentioned that a wave of immorality seemed to be going over the laud;refernd to the Crittenden home for fallen women, but thought that was only half the battle, no woman ever fell alone- - whit about the men? they should not go free; felt how happy and blessed women were who had Her remaiks upon good, true husbands. were excellent. unity President Mary L. Woolf rejoiced in the good instructions given during th- - conference, spoke of the great wvi k President C. O. Card had done in organizing that land, she had realized it in visiting the people in the stake and noting the progress made by them, and she felt his work would be recorded in heaven. President C. O. Card expressed himself as confident of the support of the brethren and sisters in the labor he had performed, the Lord had opened up the way for the people to grow and expand, let them continue in good works. Patriirch John A. 'Woolf addressed the sisters on the subject of raising children. President H. S. Allen thought the Latter-daSaint women were the brave st women in the world, spoke of the purity that existed among their your.g people in Canada, gave good counsel and encouraged ihe sisters to continue in gocd works. Cot; Terence adjourned. Benediction by Eider J. D. Wood. ' y it should inspire the audience to do better; spoke upon punctuality, hoped the Lord would hies-- ; them during conference. Presidents Hannah Hooper, North ward; Lydii E. Watkins, Beaver; Elizabeth Loveland, Deweyville, each gave a good report, and in the last waul they had been saving Sundae eggs, which in two mouths amounted to $30. President Jane S. Richards addressed the sisters, spoke of the last dispensation, was glad to live in the days of Joseph Smith the Prophet, mentioned some of the things she had heard him say previous to his death, alluded to her experiences the first years in the valley, thought we should be kind to one another and try to attend to our duties. Si-tTribe, of Ogden, was heart and soul in the Latter-dawork, felt we should attend to the sick and needy, and live our religion: said many gocd things. Pr.idenis Christine Jtnson, Mantua; Sarah Eridal, El wood; Mary E. Wood, Wil-iarsp )ke we'd of the woik in the respective wards. Picsident S. l Booth made a few a'ppio-pTta'- e rem aks. and after hinging and bene-dictiby Counselor Emilia D. Mads.-m-, conference adj .aimed to 2 p.m. A Aerjioon session .opened by singing and prayer by Counselor Louisa E. Ptters, singing, roll call, minutes. Mary Wright and Mary Rees bore their testimony, ar.d President Mary Salmon, of Honey viMe, reported the Society there as doing we'll. Counselors Emilia D. Madsen and Sister Zella Rees spoke up.m Gospel subjects, also bore Ldthful testimonies. A duet, "Don't forget the old folks," was rendered by Emma Vance and Emma Lee. Sister Mary Harding, of Wiitard, ocy cupied a few moments in sneaking of and how were dents that expensive, many Ue;s::;g- we mused that would cost i i i or 'r o President Jane S. Richards, iu her remarks, said she missed suvuecf the faces she but they had had seen thtie passed away; felt ii would be a gratification tbe woiiby to n et them; gave some instructions irom l'reidKt B. W. Smith, which were good and timely; thought we lived iu a day and age whu there was an opportunity of doing much good, prayed we might have wisdom to treat our children er y d, o Si-te- is eu-jo- - i 11 - light. and satisfaction at the conference, and after singing the benediction was pronounced by Eider Lucien Snow, and conference adjourned for six months. Annie H. Littlewood, Asst. Sec. THE GRACIOUS WOMAN. "Gracious courteous ; friendly; kind; attractive; agreeable; graceful; disposed to show good-wilbeneficent; full of grace or favor." The dictionary certainly appears to cover a goodly number of the virtues as well as the graces. Perhaps that is why the patronizing woman, who has none of the Christian virtues in her, makes such a bad imitation of being gracious. Yet when a gracious woman is met, it becomes evident why others wish to imitate her, for her charm is wide and abiding. Graciousuess, in fact, is so enviable a possession that one wonders why more wotne:. do not try for it. There are plenty of clever women whose lack of it is deThere are plenty pressing and distressing of average women who could make themIt is most selves delightful by its aid. in most the and missed, needed, daily little a social life. of But matters gracious woman can be gracious in a mining camp, or a club convention, or a business office, Lack of and gain by it everywhere. is a dis or manner in speech graciousuess to drawback and woman, any advantage rich or poor, young or old, pretty or homely, worker or idler. Yet what a plentiful lack of it there is, from the stiff hostess iu the millionaire's draw mgrix m to the saleswoman behind the counter! For it is most a matter of condescension or patronage. A cook can be as ungracious as a queen. A truly gracious manner puts the humblest on its own level, and is at ea?e with the greatest. It is simple, unaffected, sincere, responsive. The classic England giaveyaid, "She epitaph in a New ens so plcasa?;!, ' ' sum s it all u p. Surely not a hard thing to reach, in these days of brilliant women. Hakpek's Bazak. l; -- Save Your Monoy! Ami when you get a dollar, deposit it with Ziou'o Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened mure than 37, til0 sav- Sister Tribe Lit it would not be long before there would be no one left who had ings accounts. seen the Piopbtt Joseph. The laws of Utah permit marric0 M. L. Woolf. vvaF. set apart Sister Celestine Fieemau women and also ehildrenwho are minors g as secretary for the stake. to open savings: accounts iu their own Counselor Lucien Snow spoke against name, subject to their own order. Have BOX ELDER von biieh an account? If not, open g and picking flaws iu others; one NOW The Relief Society conference of the Box thought we should examine ourselves; also we pay FOUR PER CENT INElder Stake convened Tuesday, December touched upon proper amusements. on any amount from one dolTEREST President Charier Kelly expressed his in-- t 8, 1992, President Susannah P. Booth lar to live thousand, and compute said rest in the Relief Society work, his mind President Jane . Richards, of interest reveited back lo the time when the WI'JTE for any information desired. had Weber Stake, and Sister Tri'H', of Ogden, were on the stand. Con ft: re ce opened with Prophet Joseph organized the society, and it Joseph F. Smith, Prest. . (iKOKoii M. Cannon, Cashie-the usual exercises. President Booth re- had always stood for the betteiment of 1 Wain Street,. No mankind. ferred to the prayer offered at the opening President Booth expressed her pleasure of the meeting by Brother Kelly, thought GLRSS IN JSIDIMFERY cone.-poi.din- fault-firdin- pie-sidin- g. Semi-annuall- R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, - y. 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. st? r wills hi vour money. We aim to give you as -- TRY US Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her class in Midwifery and .Nursing April 7, 1904. One student free. Write for particulars. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. 