WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 22 - greatly blessed in our meeting together. Hoped all would carry the good spirit and instructions to their homes and to the sisters that were unable to be present. President Nellie N. Parkinson, in behalf of the sisters of the Stake, presented Sister Adeline Barber with a purse of $44.30, to show the esteem and love they had for her as the pioneer president of the Cache Stake Relief Society. While Sister Barber was composing herself, the Sisters Mayer again favored us with a song. Sifter Barber thanked the sisters for Asked the Lord to bless their kindness. them all. Sister Mary Howell and President George Sister Selina Pitkin each spoke briefly. Parkes sang "I know that My Redeemer Lives." Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction by Bishop H. L. Liljenquist. Georgene Ralph, Sec. WASATCH STAKE. The annual Relief Society conference of the Wasatch Stake convened on June 15, 1904, at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m , in the stake tabernacle. Meetings were well attended the by general stake authorities, local officand sisters of the society. Sisters Carers, rie S. Thomas and Rebecca Little, representing the General Board of the Relief Society, were also present. The reports from the various ward officers showed the condition of the work to be in a progressing state. A paper was read by Rose A. Musser,' 'Character laid in youth." Alice Baird recited "Poorhouse Man." The financial condition of the branches of the Relief Scciety were shown to be in good condition by the report of the stake secretary. The visiting sisters gave excellent advice along the lines of Relief Society work, dwelling on the necessity of exercising kindness and charity in our labors, the necessity of looking after the poor and needy, and learning the Gospel and how to live it through the mother's work were emphasized. President Wm. A. Smart commended the past work of the sisters and encouraged greater labors in the future; paid a glowing tribute to the aged sisters, whose labors have done so much in the development of the work of the Lord in this stake of Zion, urged them to continue to assist in the work. Sarah K. Duke, Stake Secretary. BOX ELDER STAKE. The Relief Society conference of the Box Elder Stake convened in the Tabernacle, Saturday, May 21, 1904, President Susannah P. Booth presiding. On the stand were the stake officers and Sister Mary Alice Lambert of Salt Lake City. After the usual exercises, President Booth expressed herself pleased with the attendance, felt the Spirit of the Lord would be with us. Mantua reported by Christena Jenson, next, Bear River City; President Love-lanof Dewey ville, said "on account of quarantine the work at that place could not progress as well this winter, but were able tiow to continue their work. Sister Thorn, of Perry, spoke of that society and mother's work. President Mary S. Tol-maHoneyville; Mary Fridal, Elwood; Julia Bingham, Garland, spoke of work in the respective wards. President Annie S. d, n, Johnson, First ward, Brigham City, reported that as doing well. President Harper, of North ward, reported that ward. President Booth introduced Sister Lambert, who said: "I am a stranger to most of ou, but we are all working in the same cause; spoke of arranging work so as to be able to attend meetings. We are all interested in mother's work; said Sister B. W. Smith does not want us to refer to mother's work as a class; spoke on singing as it is an important feature; related some of her experiences, of the Prophet Joseph Smith; spoke of teaching the children the principles of the Gospel by living them ourselves; said that Sister Smith sent her love to the sisters. Afternoon session opened by singing and prayer, etc. President Bowen, of Beaver; Mary E. Ward, Willard; President Emma Lee, Third ward Brigham City, reported respective wards as doing well. A quartette was rendered by members of the choir. President Sarah Wilde, of the Fourth ward Brigham City; Martha Pierce, Thatcher; President Boden, Second ward Brigham City, all gave favorable reports, mentioning the death of Sister Hannah Jenson, who was a teacher for several years. The Scandinavian Society was reported by President Emma Pratt, and she said that they had sent the money to emigrate an older Sister and young girl from the old country. President Booth thought she could report Park Valley, said they were getting along as usual; their secretary had died last winter one who had done faithful work. President Kelly sent word that he was detained and could not attend the conference. Two letters were read, one from Stone, Idaho, and one from Snowville. A solo was rendered by Sister Mayhew. Sister Lambert was pleased with the reports, urged the sisters to improve and keep on in the great work. Sister Emilia Mad-so- n spoke on the mission of mothers. President Booth felt, to thank Sister Lambert for the good instructions, and expressed her pleasure and satisfaction at the conference; after singing, the benediction was pronounced by Sister Emmeline Wat-kinand conference adjourned for six months. s, Lettie Forsgren, Cor. Sec. we the sisters of the Relief Society, with which she was connected so long, may follow her by diligence and faithfulness. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family, that a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication and a copy be placed on the ward record of the Society. ex-am- ble Lizziit Lee Butler. Secretary. MOTHER'S WORK. MARICOPA Lecture I. STAKE. Woman, Know Ihysclf: "Oh, Woman! Woman! know thyself, And know thy mission too: Thou comest from thy Maker's hand A mighty work to do." E. R. Snow. Necessity of studying well your own character before undertaking responsibility of wife and mother. Ref. Imp. Era, vol. 5, No. 3, p. 184. Young Woman's Journal Vol. 12, No. 5, p. 223; also Vol. 12, No. 2 a p. 63. b Hygiene of the body. Why its im- portance. c Disposition, mental and moral tendencies. d Will power; how cultivated, Journal Dis.. Vol. 1, p. 355. Lecture II Making a Home: a Relationship of wife and husband. Ref. seventieth annual conf. pamphlet, p. Dis. A. O. Woodruff. Young Wom3. an's Journal, Vol. 12, No. 7, p, 309. b Duties one to the other. Contributor, Vol. 15, No. 8, p. 516. c What a young wife can do to encourage her husband. Juv. Inst. Vol. 38, No. 12, p. 371. Imp. Era, Vol. 6, No. 6, p. 456; Vol. 6, No. 7, p. 511. d Family prayer, its influence in devel- oping proper moral and spiritual tendencies in the home. Wife should take part. Doc. & Cov., Sec. 68, p. 251. Discourse, 73rd annual cenference, J. H. Smith, p. 70. "Study well each thought and action, That your lives may be sublime." Lecture HI. The Parents: " Qo ioith and replenish the earth. ' ' Beginning and duration of parental responsibilities. School and Fireside, Mae-seImp. Era, Vol. 6, No. 6, pp. 50-5p. 421. Jour. Dis. Vol. 1, p. 66. b Mother's thoughts and actions. Young Woman's Journal, Vol. 12 No. 7, a r, IN MEMORIAM. Sister MaryM. Findlay Mathews was the daughter of Allen M. and Jeanetta Ireland Findlay. She was born in Salt Lake City April 4, 1862. She came to Panacea, Nev., with her parents in the year 1872. On February 20, 1S84, she was married to Philip Mathews. In the year 1892 she was chosen as secretary of the Panacea Ward Relief Society, which position she filled with equity and justice till her death, which occurred July 21. She leaves a devoted husband, four children, a brother and sister, besides a host of other relatives and friends to mourn her loss. 1904. p. 314; Vol. 15, No. 3, p. 113. c Form habits that you would like your child to follow. Environments. Hope, anticipation and preparation. Ref. Gen. 30: d e 25-4- Lecture IV. a b RESOLUITONS. Expressions of love and respect to the memory Findlay Mathews, who departed this life July 2t, 1904. Whereas, our much esteemed sister and has by the hand of Divine Providence, been removed from our midst, and has, we feel, confidently assured, gone to a better world; therefore be it Resolved, That we strive to emulate her unswerving faith, her fidelity to purity and truth, her devotion to home and religious duties, and her humility, respect and obedience to proper authority. Resolved, that we tender our heartfelt sympathy to the family of the deceased, and that they, and of Sister Mary M. c 3. The Infant: Care of the little one, Bath, food, dress, sleep, Creeping, teething. Lectute V. Childhood: er a b Building a healthy body. Physically: outdoor exercise, work and play, food and sunshine. School and Fireside, chapter 4. c Morally: example and its effect. Mother the child's first companion. The child's rights. Attention to proper questions. Juv. Inst. Vol. 37, No. 19, p. 393. Mill. Star, Vol. 15, No. 1, first article. Juv. Inst., 