Woman Exponent 9 The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. Vol. 32 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY, CONTENTS. Discipline and Development Mother's Work Snowflake Visit to St. George Stake Home and its Influence Elizabeth Fletcher 8g 90 Ann C. Woodbury 91 Mary A. C. Lambert Mother's Work South Sanpete General Conference Relief Society 91 gi 93 International Quinquennial 95 In Memoriam 96 Yellow, Purple, White 96 Editorial Our Little Paper 92 Editorial Notes 92 92 Birthday Party Bee Hive House A Pleasant Party 92 93 Birthday Gathering Ellis R. Shipp 89 Po&try The Healer A Storm on the Atlantic Ocean Lydia D. Alder 89 My Treasures Ray Hulbert 91 THE HEALER Small bud with its frail stem broken. Sweet song that was left unsung Fond love that was never spoken And the harp that was left unstrung! Fair bud with its frail stem bended, Bruised flower that might have bloomed, All future promises ended All of thy glories entombed, harp sent forth no message, Alas! it was left unstrung Its echoes all hushed and silent! The beautiful song unsung, Ah! the which never were spokeu, Left longings forever void The vows which were made and broken Bright visions and hopes destroyed. Love-word- s, Then where, oh, where is the guerdon For hopes all blighted so soon? The potent touch of the Master, Will set life's music in tune. Ellis R. Shipp. A STORM ON THE ATLANTIC OCEAN. The storm-kinreigns in fury, The sea is dashing high; The waves white capped are lashing, Where e'er may rest the eye. Our steamer good the "Cretic" Rides o'er the billowy wave, Then sinks deep in a valley As though in wat'ry grave. g The storm-king'- s legions howling, Incessant chorus sing; On masts and ropes are playing Wild winds, whose tones they fling. O, grand the storm-king'- s fury, The tempest's awful sound; When as abyss, then seething The waters rush around. The sky of inky blackness With ne'er a ray serene, Envelopes as a mantle, Rain fierce beats in between; A sea comes o'er the vessel, With crushing, deaf'ning roar; Receding, then is sullen; O, may it come no more. 'Mid creaking of the timbers Propeller's whirl in air, And madd'ning splash of water, I hear my loved ones' prayer, Far o'er the Rocky mountains, I know they plead for me, That safe we'll reach the harbor, Across the stormy sea. Lydia D. Alder. DISCIPLINE AND DEVELOPMENT. "Obedience to parental command was Heaven's first law". It is no less important now than it was at the beginning of man's career on the earth. Happy indeed is the home where a proper discipline is maintained; with Paul we say "Children obey your parents in the Lord:" for it is right. "Honor thy father and mother;" which is the first commandment with promise that it may be well with thee and thou mayest live long on the earth. And ye "lathers, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord." I consider the foregoing very appropriate in the lesson of mother's work. Parents should exercise proper control over And in order thut we mothers the child. find better the way to properly out may our control children, I wil endeavor to bring few a out Why should the parent points. child? control the Why not let him follow inclination? I think we can all his own readily see what kind of a household that would be; instead of the home being one of peace and order that it should be, just the Secondly: opposite would, be the result, that proper ends may be accomplished with the least effort. The third reason, for the sake of character development, which is a very good reason; for if a child is left to grow up in this world where there is so much sin without some one to watch and guard him and point out to him both the good and the evil, and whenever the least tendency toward evil is shown, to check it at once; he is apt to develop much more of the evil than the good. One ol the first lessons to the child should be that of prompt and willing obedience to parents. And the very best way to obtain this result, is never to require or ask a child to do anything that is beyond its cap acity; and we should consider all the circumstances surrounding it. And then after the requirement is made, always see to it Now in that the child obeys the request. this connection a great deal depends upon how we speak to a child when we ask him to do anything. If we speak in a commanding or harsh tone of voice, and at the same time call him lazy or something similar it is no more than natural that the child rebels and refuses to obey. While on the other hand if he is spoken to in a gentle tone of voice, and at the same time calling him by some pet name, he will almost invariably bidjump up and run to do the mother's when ding. And let me say to you mothers, your child does this, never forget to repay him with a smile, a gentle caress and a pleasant thank you. 4 No. 12. 1904 Parents shouid get the child's confidence. This is very true, and a very improtant factor in helping to guide the child right. Mothers should encourage their children in telling about the little incidents that hapI pen to them when out of her company. have seen mothers when their little boy or girl has come full of excitement about something that has happened; instead of that mother listening and taking a lively interest in both thejoysand sorrows of what the child has to relate, she will possibly give him or her a push, and say '"Oh dont bother me, I dont care anything about that." A child tieated in this way a few times soon becomes reticent ana don't bothet to tell mother cf the little troubles of everyday lile, and in that way the mother loses her opportunity of giving her counsel when it would be of the most benefit. And as the girl and boy grow older instead of making mother the confidential friend and advisor that she should be, their confidence is placed somewhere else, and in some instances the counsel they receive from others, instead of leading them right has just the opposite effect. There is another view of this subject. A parent's every action should be such that e the children will have the utmost in them. I consider the practice that some parents indulge in of deceiving their children and making promises to them that they never intend to fulfill the worst kind of Parents should be very careful discipline. about making promises to their children; they should consider all the circumstances; and then, after the'promise is given, always see that it is fulfilled: unless it is impossible for reasons that the child himself can underWhile on the other hand a parent stand. that is continually making and breaking promises soon loses the confidence of the children and as a consequence the power of control is weakened. In a family we find different characteristics in eac!i child and for that reason no special rule can be laid down; different methods may be necessary for the training of each child. Therefore, how necessary that parents should do all in their power to gain that knowledge necessary to rear their children, so that they may And how become noble men and women. thanki ul we should be that we are so situated that we can avail ourselves of good teachers for our children. Our brethren saw the necessity of this; therefore the different organizations in the church for the benefit of the young. All churches have the Sunday School but that is net sufficient, so in addition to our Sunday School we have the Primary and Religion classes and Improvement Associations. If a child is sent regularly to these different organizations as they get old enough, and they learn the lessons there assigned to them, there is not much But danger of their going very wrong. to can't children I some parents say get my occasionchool to Suuday go, they will go ally and quit that altogether when they are sixteen or thereabouts. What's the matter? well there are different reasons; but do you know that I think that the greatest fault lies with the parents. Sometimes they are kept cofid-denc- 