WOMAN'S 44 Woman's Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, Ji.oo; one copy six months No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv-sre- d 50 cts extra for postage one year. 2; cts. mail, by Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time 2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah i Entered at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, L tah, as econd-clas- Salt Lake City, Utah, CHRISTMAS December, 1904 THOUCHTS. If one could give to all the needy and unfortunate at Christmas time, how happy one might be, but the world's needs are many and there is so little one can do to make things better, or to help just the few' of one's own acquaintances, and even then the knowledge that there are great needs, and much suffering that cannot be reached and perhaps for which no remedy has yet been found, leaves one despondent over the world's betterment. Still most people do try at Christmas to give some sort of uplift to the day, and one's neighbors and friends, particularly the children, and as it seems children's day more than any other day in the whole year, one ought to do all that is possible to teach them what Christmas means, and how it should be kept. The narration of the birth of the Christ-chil- d is far more fascinating than any Santa Claus story, if told in its simplicity, with vivid word picture?. The children always want to hear about babies, and this stry of Jeius in the manger never gro ws old; the shepherds tending their flocks at night, the glory that shone round about them, the wise men bringing precious gifts, walking with staffs in their hands and wearing long flowing robes; and Mary the sweet mother with the beautiful child in her arms, these truths unfolded in the simple language children can comprehend, will make lasting impressions on the little one's mind. The golden rule applied "To do to others as ye would they should do to you" is the lesson to be given early to the children in season and out of season. This year has been a bountiful one in all respects and the people have special reason for ministering to those who are les favored, and in this city appearances would indicate there were no hungry one's at Christmas time even among the poor. The Salvation Army people gather of all kinds and open their arms and their hearts to the poorest of the poor. Miss Eva Booth commander of the Salvation Army in the United States "Give us the children and we will save the world." Shall we who profess so much let any little waif go without either temporal or spiritual salvation. not! We have our Primary Associations for the little folks and a grsve responsibility rests upon those in charge. True mothers love all children, not only their own, but the children of the great world outside their own four walls, and can As-urdl- EXPONENT never be quite content while there are children who are hungry and poorly clad. This is the true Christmas spirit, the real mother love that must penetrate the heart of the world. The Primary's are daring a grand and noble work, let us hope they may be able to reach all the children and gather them in where the Golden Rule is not only taught but exemplified in universal love towards one another. In the new year now almost dawning, what great possibilities may be unfolded, none. of us can .tell, but we who have faith in the great future should certainly put forth our best efforts in the work of education in its largest and best sense, and we in our mountain home have so many advantages for the spread of truth, and every year the work of imparting true knowledge increases. The tens of thousands of children born in Zion what a mighty host they are, what may not these little ones do towards the spiritual progress of the world's civilization in the years to come. IN MEMORIAM. MRS ELMINA SHEPARD TAYLOR, PRESIDENT Y. L. N. M. I. A. "It is one long chapter of memories, Tender and true and sweet, That gleam on the past and the distance. Like lamps that burn at her feet. "Like stars that will shine forever For time cannot touch or stir The gracas that her life has given, Or the trust that we give to her, ' ' If these words were ever true of any who have gone, they are true of our dear departed and beloved Sister Taylor, One lone chapter of memories comes before the mind's eye of the writer as she tries to collect her wandering thoughts, that range back over the years that are gone beyond recall. Oh, the visions that shine out clear and bright, and tell of the beautifnl life of the friend w e shall see no more this side the vail, that shuts us out from those who have journeyed on to the heavenly mansions. We miss them so, and tears will come, although we know they would not return. They have finished their mission here, and are prepared for better and higher things. Our beloved sifter could not tarry longer here; mighty love and faith kept her when it seemed almost impossible again and again for her to rally and regain her hold upon life; that her life work was well rounded out and complete, all will surely admit. Yet human love is selfish: knowing her suffering, how could those who even needed her most, ask that she linger longer, hard as the parting must be. God was good to Ler and those around her that she passed peacefully away after years of patient buffering. If those who were watching then could have beheld the escort that came to convoy her to the "other side," it would have been a glorious scene, and to have heard the heavenly voices would have thrilled the souls of all present; but we mortals' are not permitted to witness these ecstatic triumphs; only we know by the intuition given of the Spirit, that we go not forth alone. There have been testimonies to these facts; they are not frequent, prove but enough to give one who believes in heavenly messengers, assurance of these angelic attendants. Sister Taylor's life had been so closely guarded always by her devoted husband, that one cannot think she could be left to herself. Their home life has been as nearly perfect as possible, and this must be a great consolation to those who miss her presence in the home circle. L,ife was very sweet to her, except because of, her But dwell upon it as we may in all its phases, we cannot do aught but seek, to reconcile ourselves to the inevitable. It is for those who loved and admired her noble character, her wisdom, her patience, her great fortitude, to endeavor to follow her footsteps and fill up their days in usefulness, as she has striven to do. She possessed and cultivated all the characteristics that make for excellence in womanhood; whatever she did was well done, no matter how distasteful the task might be. Her integrity to the Gospel was unquestioned, and her fidelity to every principle was proven b yond all doubt. She had been "tried as by fire," and her spirit did not quail-- she never faltered. She has gone, and we know and realize all is for the best, yet we shall miss her greatly, and especially will those who depended upon her advice and counsel in the organization of which she was the central figure and light, encircling them all in the arms of her great love, and giving to each one her portion in due season. But they must learn to stand without her to lean upon the love will remain, though they cannot see her nor hear her voice; yet the remembrance of the intimate association will be as a sweet fragrance shed on their onward pathway while life lasts. They can never forget what she has been to them, Sister Taylor was born of goodly parents, of the old Puritan stock, though her birthplace was in Middlefield, Ostego county, New York, September 12th, 1830. She was educated for a teacher, graduating from a ladies seminary, and taught school for several years at Haverstraw, on the banks of the Hudson; while there engaged in teaching she became acquainted with George H. Taylor, who resided in that locality, and it was there also she heard the Gospel and accepted its teachings, and was baptized a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and very soon after married to Brother George H. Taylor, August 31, 1855. The marriage ceremony was performed by Apostle John Taylor, who was at that time presiding in New York. Brother and Sister Taylor came to Utah in 1859, and have resided here ever since. Brother Taylor has been Bishop of the Fourteenth ward in this city many years. Sister Taylor was the mother of seven children, all of them born here; three sons and one daughter with several grandchildren remain to mourn the loss of a wise, tender and loving mother; but she has gone to join those three little ones who pre ceded her to the spirit world, and over whom she will rejoice with joy surpassing all earthly happiness; and there are many to welcome her to the mansions of glory and rest her father and mother and relatives, and many dear friends. AmoDg her associates who will rejoice at her coming and with whom she will meet and bear tidings will be Sister Eliza R. Snow, Aunt Zina Young, and SisiersHey-wood- , Howard, Richardson, Helen Whitney, Sarah M. Kimball, and many more. ill-heal- 