WOMAN'S EXPONENT 34 ant, that these poor souls here, many of them never yet dreamed of Then let us, Let us as sisters, try to appreciite them. mothers see to it that never Lhrough our extravagance or influence shall our homes be mortgaged, but through our economy and frugality keep expenses down, that fathers may never have that excuse, ana if in the growing desire among some to speculate upon their property husbands are tempted to sell, let us all use our subile power and it is mighty, against it, that we may ever have an inheritance in Zion. TO THE WOMEN OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. Some weeks ago I received a letter asking that I should add my signatu e to many others which were affixed to a protest against the admission of any more states into the Union under constitutions providing for the disfranchisement of women. I gladly acceded to the request, but I confess that I did not at the time quite understand the enormity of the offence, which, from my point of view, is being committed against American womanhood. Had I, I should have wished to write my name in capitals, and long ago should have appealed to my countrywomen to join me in an expression of resentment against the bill proposing the admission of four of our territories as two new states, which I understand is now in the hands of the Committee on Territories No objection have I to having the Indian Territory and Oklahoma, New Mexico and Ariz ma pass from the tutelage of territorial government into the joy and dignity of sovereign statehood, but I do protest against having any bill looking to this transition indicate to the incipient stales that tbey may be admitted to the Union under constitutions which disfranchise their women. I consider the terms of this bill particularly obnoxious. It seems that the following occurs twice, appearing first in paragraph five, section three, of the Bill, and repeated in paragraph five of section twenty one. The part of the Bill which excites my resentment is as follows: "The said state shall never enact any law restricting or abridging the right of suffrage on account of race, color or previous condition of servitude, or on aecount of any other conditions or qualifications, save and except on account of illiteracy, minority, sex, conviction ot felony, mental condition or residence, provided,-howevethat any such restrictions shall be un.form and applicable alike to all citizens." The presentation of a Bill including this obnoxious paragraph in Congress apparently gives to the disfranchisement of women not only a passive acceptance on the part of the general government, but it seems like an expression ot its active desire. Note the position of the word "sex." Placed between the phrases "minority' ' and conviction of felony," it is made to seem either a condition of partial development or of absolute disgrace. Moreover, this condito born become a woman, bow-evtion, being it may have been regarded by undeveloped races in former times, has always been and now is considered by developed peoples an election to particu'ar sacrediiess and dignity. The passage of such a Bill cannot but have a degrading social influence. It is equivalent to a declaration by the general government that it is at best an r, er unfortunate or evil thing to be born a woman. The general government on all occasions declares what all good patriots are bound to believe, that citizenship in the Republic is a lofty privilege; that in a Republic the sign of sovereignty , its instrument and weapon is the ballot. With the exception of women all classes which by this Bill are excluded from the ex rcise of the ballot, suffer trom a limitation which in its very nature is or may be Minors have only to wait for temporary. their jubilee birthlay; il liter ates have to exert themselves only sufficiently to learn to read; felons may by the exp ration of the term of years involved in the sentence bt restored to society, or with or without repentance may receive gubernatorial paidon and gain therewith the elective franchise. Even lunatics may be restored to sanity, or without such restoration, to freedom. It is sufficiently humiliating to have aspiring territories knock for entrance into the sisterhood of states bearing a proposed constitution which looks to the disfranchisement of half of their adult popu ation; but to have the United States say to an aspiring territory that the constitution to be acceptable must brand womanhood with indignity is a still more grievous thing to bear. This condition is harder to bear now that in four states of the Union women do possess the power of acknowledged citizenship, than it was when women throughout theciuutry were equally helpless and It is most improbable that members of Congress from Wyoming, Utah. Idaho and Colorado will vote in favor of this section of the proposed Bill; for, where women already enjoy the right of suffrage rn:-pay to their opinions the real homage which theoretically is always given to the "eternal feminine." I call the particular attention of the women of the country to the fact that on the 8th day of June, at a business session of the Third Quinquennial of the International Council, the representatives of nineteen National Councils, including an individual membership of several millions of women all voted, without one dissenting voice that Council International thenct forth the should stand everywhere committed to the policy included in the following declaration, that, "Inasmuch as all governments equally effect the men and women living under them, therefore, be it resoKed that under all governments, whether nominally Republican or Monarchical' whatever political rights or privileges are accorded to men ought on corresponding conditions to be accorded to women." The debate upon this subject cccupied three hours. The arguments, for the most part, concerned only ihe form under which this large conviction of the Council should There was material agree- be expressed. ment among the women of all countries embraced within the Council concerning the propriety of the essential proposition. In the end it was in the form cited above, the broadest in which it was presented, that the proposition was unanimously voted. While it is quite true that by the constitution of the Council every affiliated Council is left free and may abstain from acive support of Council propaganda, it is also to be observed that great moral support is given to propaganda by the vote of so representative a bodv as the Executive of the International Council of Women. There sat in its Executive sessions the actual representatives of s;.xteen of the nations composing it. representing a great diversity not only of nationalities, but even of races, and a still larger diversity of tongues, faiths and governments; but all were agreed that the hour had struck for the abolition of every distinc ion in the political rights and privileges of men and women under wh?tever form of government they may exist, which are based upon sex. I therefore appeal in the name of the International Council of- Women to every one of my countrywomen living in whatever state or territory, who through membership in any organization affiliated with the National Council of our country, is thereby connected with the International Council, to recognize the strength which the vote cited gives to her individual opinion; and in this s'.rength I appeal to her in turn to write to the Senator representing her state in the United States, protest against the passage of the sections above cited in che Bill under which it proposed to add two more to the galaxy of the states. Thus will the action taken by a world body in the capital city of a military empire become effective as an agency in giving enlarged liberty to women in a Republic. Begging every woman under whose eye this letter may fall to send at once to Senator Beveridge for a copy of the Bill above referred to, .and t follow this up by a close study of the Bill and by an individual protest against the sections indicattd, I am, with abiding faith in the principles of Democracy, and with an iutense desire to aid in developing our nominal Democracy into a genuine Republic, with great esteem foi my countrywomen, May Wright Sewall. Honorary President of the International Council of Women. Indianapolis, Ind., November 8th, 1904. - PEACE PROPOSALS. I I Resolutions passed by the Interparliamentary Union at the session of that congress in St. Louis, September, 1904, and adopted unanimously: ' Whereas, enlightened public opinion and the spirit of modern civilization alike demand that controversies between nations be settled in the same manner as disputes between individuals are settled, that is, by the judgment of courts in accordance with recognized principles of law. "This conference requests that the several governments send delegates to an international conference to be convened at a time and place to be agreed on by them, for the consideration of the following questions: "1. Questions for the consideration of which the conference at The Hague expressed the wish that a future conference be called. "2. The negotiation of arbitration treaties between the nations represented at the conference to be convened. "'3 The advisability of creating a congress of nations to convene periodically for the discussion of international questions. And respectfully and cordially requests the President of the United States to invite all the nations to send representatives to such a conference." 