WOMAN'S EXPONENT 96! International Patrons. The special member appointed by each Council to represent it on the Com-mite- e of Arrangements. The classes above enumerated have a constitutional right to be present with or without a vote as indicated. The President of the International will also invite to be present: (a) The Speaking Representatives from each Council where such representative is not included in any of the foregoing lists. (b) All members of all of the five International Committees. (c) All Proxies and Alternates for the voting members of the Executive even though the latter be also present. (d) Also the four members elected or appointed by each affiliated National Council to attend the Quinquennial and Congress as (c) (d) Hearers." It will easily be seen that with twenty countries already in the Council, there is a possibility for a very large assembly of women each of whom will have some vital offi' cial relation to the Council. There has been some anxiety expressed by Americans lest the German papers might not give a helpful degree of publicity to the proceedings of the Council and Congress. No anxiety need be felt upon this point. It has been already arranged with the great German newspapers that they shall send competent reporters to all meetings that are open to the public, while to the other papers in Germany and to papers outside of the Empire official reports will be forwarded. The preparation of these reports will be entrusted to a commission of a few skillful journalists to be selected by the German Committee of Arrangements. As lor the American contingent, as nearly as I can judge from letters received, there will be in the neighborhood of a hundred and fifty women in attendance upon the Council and Congress at Berlin. Many of these have already sailed, having gone over in little gtoups from time to time for a month or two of travel prior to the opening From present advices, I of the Council think, that in the neighborhood of fifty Council women will sail on Friederich der Grosse on May 19th. Having tried to reply as briefly as possible in Order to clear up all the perplexity, which seems to hang about this subject, with many of my correspondents, I now solicit further letters of inquiry from anyone who may read this article, who desires information not herein furnished. To promote "The New Internationalism" that "Internationalism" which is co operative instead of competitive, peaceful instead of belligerent, and which results in honest friendship instead of jealous rivalry, is the object of the International Council whose President believes that this object will be almost immeasurably promoted by the meetings that will occupy the rime Irom the 6th to the 20th of June 1904. May Wright Sewall. President of the International Council of Women. IN MEMOR1AM Sister Martha Proctor, who departed this life after a lingering illness, on March 22, IQ04, was an efficient teacher for many years in the Union Ward, Jordan Stake Relief Society, which position she filled with honor, till failing health caused her to cease her labors. She was a woman of sterling qualities. hen a girl she was a mother to her father's motherless children and came to the valley in the early fifties, and lived at the home of Squire Wells, where ste was married from to David Proctor, She leaves a husband, five children, twenty-fou- r grandchildren and fifteen The speakers at her funeral wre many, includ-din- g Brother Rulon S, Wells. All testified to her integrity and great love for her family and friends. The singing by the choir was lovely anl appropriate. The opening prayer was offered b Elder John Sharp, the closing one by Elder Henry Brown n. of South Cottonwood. The ward meeting house was beautifully draped and the lovely flowers showed the esteem in which our beloved sister was held by her many relatives and friends. The pall bearers were her giandsons. She was tenderly laid away In a vault at South Cottonwood, the grave being dedicated by Elder J ames Proctor, M. A. Smart, Pres. R. S. SISTER AGNES CUTLER. The grim reaper, death, visited the Jordan Stake Relief Society on March 9, 1004, and took from us our faithful and beloved stake counselor, Sister Agnes McGregor Cutler. Sister Cutler was born August 1 3, 1 843, at Bon-hi- ll Dumbarton, Scotland. Emigrated to America in 1849 with her parents, William and Ann McGregor, crossed the plains with ox teams to Utah in 1852, and endured all the privations of pioneer life and settled in Salt Lake City. Married Brother Harmon Cutler of West Jordan, December 19, 1857; was the rootuer of five children, three sons and two daughters, one daughter and two sons survive her of the Cutler family. Harmon Cutler died in the year 1868, and she married Frederic A. Cooper, of West Jordan, in 1870. They had three children, two sons and one daughter, one son now living. She left three sons, one daughter, twelve grandchildren and hosts of relatives and friends to mourn. She died in Salt Lake City, at her sister's, Mrs. Sarah Mitchell, on March 9, 1904. Sister Cutler was a natural Latter-da- y fcaint, and was always an active and earnest worker and was noted for kindness and hospitality, and she never was so happy as when administering to the wants of the poor and comforting the down- hearted. When the Wast Jordan Relief Society was organized in January, 1868, she was chosen one of the first teachers, which position she held until May 6, 1868, when she was elected second counselor to President Althea Gardner. She was chosen first counselor to President Louise Egbert on December 12, 1880. She filled that position until Tuly 6, 1 891, she was then chosen president of the West Jordan Relief Society, which position she filled with honor until the ward was divided in 1896; she was honorably released from being president of West Jordan and appointed president of East Jordan, which office she held until Jan. 21, 1900; she was then chosen second counselor to President Marinda Bateman in the Relief Society of the Jordan Stake of Zion. Although we miss her kind and loving face from our midst, we know that our loss is her gain, and that she will be welcome on the other side by many loved ones, she has sten much sorrow and we feel that her death was hastened by the shock of hearing of the death of her dearly beloved son, Edward, who was accidently killed in a mine in Park City about three months before her death. Another cause of regret was the absence at her bedside and funeral of her only daughter, Elizabeth Williams, who was in Idaho, and could not be reached in time. Through all her trials and sorrow she was always cheerful and pleasant and never complained and died as she had lived, a true Latter-da- y Saint. W e mourn her absence, but rejoice in her rest, Marinda Bateman, Stake Pres , Elizabeth Gardner, Sec. YELLOW, PURPLE. WHITE. LIBERTY, UNITY, FRATERNITY PEACE COLORS. A - - for we know she will receive the reward of the faithful. As decorations for the peace meetings the following suggestions are offered: Flags may be used in every aailable "space the flag of our own country and the flags of any and all countries which can be had or can be made of simple materials at hand. In a particularly prominent place should hang the peace flag; which can be made by any one without much difficulty, from simple materials. It is a tri color, emblematic of liberty, unity and fraternity. Yellow is next to the flagstaff (which is blue) purple in the centie and then white at the end. The motto, "Pro concordia labor," (we work for peace) may be placed upon the flag; also an olive branch. Over the flag sheathed swords might be hung as an additional symbol of peace. Flowers and the colors used in the peace flag would be suitable for decoration. Any picture suggestive of peace would make appropriate decorations; as, for example, the picture of Wm Penn's treaty with the Indians or the picture of Corn-wallsurrendering at Yorktown. in charge of the various committee The meetings will know best what they have at their disposal with which to decorate, and this matter must be left largely to their discretion, but the foregoing suggestions may be of service to those who are in doubt how to proceed. Isabel M. W. Sears, Mary A. H. Cannon. - is DR. ELLIS R. SHIPP Will open a class in Nursing and Ob- stetrics on Monday, Oct. 9, 1904, at her home, 713 Second Street, Salt Lake City. Those desiring to attend will please communicate personally or by letter. Save Your Money ! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings . bank in Utah, Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 37,600 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit marrie women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from odc dollar to five thousand, and compute said interest WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No. 1 Main Street. Semi-annuall- y. CbflSS IH MIDU1IFERY R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. VE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. We aim to give you as TRY US flflD tfOHSIflG. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her class in Midwifery and Nursing April 7, 1904. One student free. Write for particulars. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society, - 