WOMAN'S EXPONENT 2 foot of the way we have come is beautiful from the fields at the edge of Liverpool. I am now at the hotel Belgium in Mayence or Mentz. We arrived last evening and the trip from Cologne down to this point has not been touched by word painting, words simply are of no avail in giving a true representa- MOTHER'S WORK. SOUTH SANPETE STAKE. Lecture 7. Mother s love and influence. The influence that the mother has upon the child before and after birth can not be estimated. A mother's love cures the pains and ills of childhood, soothes the pangs of tion of it. Our hotel Disch at Cologne is a beautiful youth, comforts and inspires man through old place. At every turn some one waits the battles of life. A mother can keep the for a tip and they all want so much too. On confidence of the children by listening to the boat the woman held one end of the them while they are small and they will towel while I used the other waiting for a continue to confide in her when they become larger and by inviting their confidence tip We leave now for Heidleberg on board she can direct them aright. The desire of the Augusta Victoria nothing can compare every true mother is to do goi.d in the with the Rhine. The Hudson is not to be world and she can do this best by rearing a mentioned in connection with it. I hear Tag-gart- s family who are strong, intelligent and Godare in Paris and will be able to see fearing. Day by day a mother has the do not them. Tips everywhere until you opportunity of implanting high or low at. are know where you ideals, true or false ambitions in the child. is a Visited Heidleberg castle today. It A true mother will make a happy home around beautiful old place, the deep moat whether poor or rich Peace, love and conthe from it cannot be seen in the picture, tentment come from within and make our front can be seen the lovely river, old Environments. The influence of a mother houses, fine flowering trees, universities of upon he family is in proportion to the love Heidleberg etc. We met two English ladies existing between herself and family. Great who went with us for a drive to see the men attribute their success to their mother's influence. Mother love is the sweetest and places of interest. Do not be purest of all human affections. afraid to lavish it upon your children; it makes your memory a hallowed one and FARMERS WARD RELIEF SOCIETY. gives you power to influence their lives. I feel it a great pleasure to express my feelings on this occasion, although it be uiy QUESTIONS. first Attempt, in this line, to write a few lines at the departure of our Sister Naomi Give examples of the world's great men Woodruff from our midst. in who attribute their success to their mother's the missionary work and also in the Relief influence. How can a woman do the most Show why a loving Society. good in the world? We her sisters do sincerely pray that the mother can influence her child more than blessings of the Lord may attend her, that any one else. C. L. E. she may enjoy health and strength during her absence from us, and may she meet with What to tell Our Qitls. as warm friends as she has done among her Lecture 8 It is one thing to possess knowledge, and neighbors here, and they feeling her influence lor good, may be pricked in their quite another thing to impart it to others. hearts to further investigate the principles We are told to "instruct our girls," as if it of life and salvation, and glorify their were the easiest thing in the world to do, Father which is in Heaven, that she may when in reality it is one of the hardest. Warn her against vulgar stories she may fully realize the desires of her heart in righteousness, and in connection with ber hear, and ask her to tell you everything her husband be the means in the hands of the playmates tell her. Then you will have a chance to correct errors, and warn against Lord of doing much good. We trust Sister Naomi that you realize impure teachings and harmful associates, as the affection and love that we have for you, well as lay a foundation for future confidthat feeling of warmth that comes through ences and. close companionship. E. C D. the Spirit of the Gospel that we feel to love the honest in heart, throughout the length and breadth of the earth, all that truly have Lecture 9. What to tell Our Boys. Who shall tell them? The fathers should, a desire to serve their Maker in purity of heart, a love that I had not realized to such in case that fails the mothers must. If it is difficult for a mother to talk to her an extent, until I became a member of the Relief Society and acquainted with the girl, it is ten times more so for her to talk Relief Society Sisters; these words express to her boy, but for the sake of his health and the feelings that I wish to portray that do life and character, it is just as necessary that it should be done, though from a someexist among our Sisters. what different stand point. Mothers too We feel to wish Brother and Sister Woodruff and family God speed. May they have often think that the fathers do this importa pleasant time and return in safety. We ant work and making no inquiries silently trust that that the son is put on his guard, shall look forward for that time with pleasand thus trusting the infant becomes a lad, ure to again greet you, and enjoy your socwill our and constant prayers be for a youth, and finally a man in ignorance, iety, and too often in vice and wickedness. in associates our the cause of Truth. Ignorance is not innocence, nor is it even a Sister Mains. safeguard. Fathers are busy, and away from the family a great deal of their time, and it Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt has been electis a delicate subject, needing more tact and ed president of the International Suffrage ingenuity than many men possess. The League; Dr. Anita Augspurg, of Germany, mother is at home, and can if she seeks for first and Mrs. Rachel Foster it, find the boy in a thoughtful moment, of when all the better qualities and the tender Avery Philadelphia, secretary. ' . Co-labor- er vice-presiden- ness of his nature is alert, and if she speaks at the proper time, all may be well. 1. Explain the action of work on developing muscles. 2. Explain the action of food on muscles and brain. 3. Explain the action of tobacco on muscles and brain. 4. Explain the action of liquors on muscles and brain. 5 Expkin the action of tea, coffee and food. seasoned high 6. Give a list of food best suited to the growth of the young. 7. Show how disease of one part of the body makes all of the body ill by illustration. 8. Show how inflammation of different parts affect the brain, and what parts of the body has the strongest effect on the mind. E. C. D. Lectute 10. Mothets advice to marriageand Daughters. Before young people take upon themselves the responsibilities of husband and wife they should understand that there is no more important step between the cradle and the grave than marriage, that it is the proper way for nature to develop self control, patience, industry, and strengthen all their virtues, that a true marriage is a perfect union of the body and spirit, and that there are many heavy responsibilities they will have to carry for their obligations are not alone to themselves and each other, but they owe duties to their Creator, to their fellow beings, anc to yet unborn humanity. Here this already overworked, careworn mother seems to be the only person fully No one else can so fitqualified to talk. tingly take the blushing girl aside, and draw from her the confessions of love, the announcement of the engagement, the plans for the coming union, and the bright hopes for her future womanhood. No one like a mother can approach so near the sacred secrets of a son in the early dignity of mature manhood. And there is no time in the life of a human being, when they can so readily be approached, or when they are so anxious to learn. Take then, your hero son, and tell him of the coming needs for himself and his wife financially, remind him of the necessity of his keeping within his means, for debt at the start is succeeded, and often ended, with privations and vexations innumerable. Paul says 'he who does not provide for his own household has already denied the faith." Tell him how neatness and care in all that he does will lighten the labor of his wife, and increase her respect and tenderness for him, and that it is his duty to shield her from every care and anxiety regarding physical wants that he possibly can. And if necessary explain the sufferof her ing body and the strain on her nerves g the during period. to And the fair young daughter explain that "wastefulness is wickedness," and that a careless wasteful wife can spend and destroy anything the best provider can furnish, and have very little to show for it. Tell her that her happiness and the peace of her household depends in a great measure on her economy in food, fuel, furniture rlothes, strength and time. Above all the accomplishments she should possess, that of being a really good cook is the most desir- able Sons child-bearin- 