WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 6 the great mission of motherhood and referred to many other subjects parliamentary usage, punctuality, the teachers, their mission, temple work, storing grain. Morning session closed with prayer by Sister Caroline Robb. Afternoon session. Prayer was offered by Elder J. A. Williams; the general and and local officers of the Society were sustained. Verbal reports were given by Sisters Tidwell of Suunyside, Alice Whimpey of Cleveland and Esther Grange o HuntInstrumental music by Jean ington. Sister Jane C. Leonard of Huntington. Seeley of Mt. Pleasant spoke of seeing the Prophet Joseph Smith and the persecutions of the Sair.ts. Sister Jane C. Peterson of Castledale spoke of the nobility of motherhood and that we should appreciate the blessings we receive today. Song rendered by Anna Miller, "Sunshine in your heart today." Sister Carrie 3. Thomas spoke upon mother's work and education, she also related a story to illustrate her subject; said the world was improving and so should we. Sister Pauline Pace reported the Price Society, its condition and work. Sister E. Lamson announced the Primary conference to convene May 25. President R. G. Miiller congratu'ated the Relief Society on having the best teachers in the Church, eulogized the labors of the stake officers, and blessed them and the good work. President Mary A. Sorenson suggested that the Relief Society have scales and weigh the wheat that is loaned, that they may have justice; ann unced an evening meeting and that Sister Stevenson would remain and talk to them. Benediction by President John A. Pace. At the evening session Sisters King of Ferroii, Allen of Castledale and Hitchcock of Clawson wards, reported. Sister Stevenson occupied the remainder of the evening in speaking upon the Relief Society, her acquaintance v ith the leaders of the Church, and her recent visit to the Indian school in Arizona and the Relief Society in Mexico. Mary A. Sorenson, President. MALAD STAKE. The Relief Society conference of Malad stake was held at Riverside May 19, 1904. President Julia A. Richards presiding. Alter opening exercises, seven branches of the Society were reported by their respective presidents; all said to be in excellent condition. Statistical and financial report of the Society for the year 1903 was read A few opening remarks and accepted, were made by President Richards welcoming the visiting brethren and sisters and expressing her pleasure in the great and noble work of the organization. Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson, representative from the General Board dwelt upon a variety of subjects connected with Woman's Work, and mentioned the recent purchase of the land of the Temple site in Jackson County, Missouri. Stake Counselor Eliza V. Ward and Secretary Josie S. Kennard bore testimony to the importance of Relief Society work, and felt to do their share in the same. Elder Jesse Dodge talked of the r,eed of storing grain in time of plenty; thought the young mothers were the ones that should be interested in the Mother's Work. Singing, benediction by L. H. Kennard, Sen. Afternoon session at 2 p. m., opened by in the stake gave verbal reports, showing singing and prayer, roll call, minutes, etc. all to be in a flourishing condition. Counselor Mary E. Hodgson presented Remainder of the wards represented as in S. names of the general officers of the Rethe Treasurer Ella order. good working Capener gave a talk on outlines of Mother's lief Society and ot Liberty Stake; all were unanimously sustained. Work. buildSister Maggie Hull rendered a solo home Sister Stevenson spoke upon was a pleasing feature of the meetwhich in the here Saints ing, the early days of the houses ing. valley, counseled the sisters to have Counselor Zerviah Eardley gave some good of their own in which to hold their meetings, spoke also of union and the nurse advice, thought it was God's chosen daughclass, thought we should have plenty of ters who worked in the Relief Society; trained nurses for the sick in our midst, urged all to be humble and prayerful and gave much good advice on family affairs the. Lord would bless them. Sister Louisiana Heppler, President of and the mission of women in saving souls, the Primary Associations, Sevier Stake for and talked on the Mother's Work. Stake President M. H. Welling spoke on twenty-fiv- e years, spoke beautifully to the PresiMother's Work and sisters, felt the Spirit of the Lord was in dent Richards made closing remarks and the meeting, encouraged the young moththanked all that had assisted in making the ers to attend the Relief Society, thought Benediction by the Prophet Joseph blessed the sisters by successfnl. conference of Samaria. organizing this society. The speaker said Bishop Wilb'am Price After the close of the conference the happiness comes from within and we could visitors were takeu by Bishop Myron J. make our homes, if only a cottage, the hapSister Maggie Hull Richards to visit the Garland sugar factory, piest place on earth. and all expressed themselves as having had thonght we were working in a good cause, and we would receive great blessings. Sister a good time. Emma Empey spoke at some lengtk about Josie L- Kennard, Sec'y. the Relief bociety nurses class. President Musser was well pleased with the MARICOPA STAKE. conference and thanked all the sisters who The R. S. conference of MaricopaStake was had helped to make it a success, adjourned held at Mesa, June 2, 1904, President Mabel the conference for three months, after singA. Hakes presiding. After the usual opening "O. say what is truth," benediction by ing exercises, President Hakes addressed Counselor Mary E. Hodgson. the sisters, giving them a hearty welcome Lizzie Robbins, Asst. Sec'y. arid then called for reports from the several wards in the stake. Three out of five were doing fairly well, two had been discontinued on account of deaths, and one the IN MEMORIAM. Considerable president had moved away. wheat had been stored, average attendance In memory of Sister Isabella Sharp Carlisle who was good, and the teachers as a rule were departed this life March 29, 1904, at her home in active in their duties. They have a lecture Mill Creek. She was born in Mission, England, from the Doctrine and Covenants each tes- December 2), 1S32, embraced the Gospel in 1850, to Utah in 1851. She was the and timony meeting, and had begun to see the motheremigrated of 13 children, six have preceded her to good results of the same. the spirit world, she leaves five sons and two Sain-sAll the stake had not been visited this daughters, all faithful Latter-da- y one of was first to join the Carlisle Sister the time on account of sickness. Relief Society when it was organized in the ward President Colins R. Hakes was pleased in 1868, and she was a great support to it financito hear of the good that had been done to ally. so many poor and sick and those in need of She was presiding teacher in the third district, which position she held up to the time of her M. Home J. encouragement. Bishop spoke was faithful in the discharge of her of care of the mind and the body in humili- death; she duties, and was one who could be depended upon; ty for the work to be performed. Several her sympathy was always extended to the poor sisters spoke on missionary work, Mother's and oppressed, and one on whom they could rely for aid. She was first counselor in the Primary Work and influence in the home circle. Association, third district, twenty-on- e years; she Afternoon session was better attended, was a wise and efficient one to whom you could and after the usual exercises, the Spirit of always turn for counsel. She was honorably rethe Lord was made manifest, and many en- leased by Bishop James C. Hamilton. The writer been a friend and neighbor of Sister Carlisle couraging words were spoken. Primary has since the year 185", and in all the changing scenes work, punctuality, the effect of children's of life has always found her true and faithful, doprayers, Relief Society work a labor of ing her utmost for the good of the Society in Farelove, and when all are united much can be which she was well loved and respected. The Lamanite mission not well, dear sister, a crown of glory awaits you preaccomplished. for the righteous. reported, was greatly regretted as that is pared The funeral services were held in the Mill Creek truly a labor of love. Conference adjourned Ward house, where a large concourse of friends for three months, feeling wye had truly a met to pay their last respects to their in the work of the Lord, Bishop Hamilton presiding. spiritual feast. The speakers paid a high tribute to her txemplary Anna E. Fuller, Sec'y. life and conduct. The singing was very impreshome-buildin- g. - . LIBERTY STAKE. The first Relief Society conference of the Liberty Stake convened June 4, 1904, at 2 p. m. in the Second ward meetinghouse, President Annie S. Musser presiding, meeting opened by singing "Our God we raise to Thee," prayer by President Elizabeth H. Paul of the Tenth ward. Singing "Come, come ye Saints." After a hearty welcome by President Musser the presidents of the several wards sive and sweet, the decorations of the house, the floral emblems all were in perfect harmony; many sorrowing relatives and friends followed the remains to the Mill Creek cemetery. It is our sad duty to record the death of our dear and gifted Sister Clara E. S. Carlisle, daughter of John F. and Elizabeth Snedaker and beloved wife of Francis D. Carlisle. She was born in Mill Creek ward October i, 1870, and departed this life M ay 4, 1 904 She leaves a husband, three children, mother, brothers, sisters and a host of friends to mourn her loss. Sister Clara had been afflicted with rheumatism for several years but no one thought the end was se near. She had borne her 