WOMAN'S 28 B. stand the truths of the Gospel, should be careful to avoid making the mistakes that seem prevalent in the world and keep that spirit which leads into all truth, that they may be kept from the evils of the world that they may enjoy the advantages of what is termed in common parlance the new civilization of the age in which we are living. provementsin the way of living.and houserekeeping especially, but the mystery still of time lack of mains when we complain to do the few things left to do by hand How did our grandmothers and do all these things thev tell us of, and most of them raised large fami- Woman's Exponent &MMELJAE EXPONENT WELLS. Editor and Publisher. great-grandmothe- Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copv one year. $1.00; one copy six months' No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv-re- d 50 cts by mail, extra for postage one yeai . 2; cts. Advertising rates: E&ch square, ten lines of nonpanel tlis S)ace one time $2.50; per month. $3.00. A liberal mnt to regular advertisers. EXPONENT office Room 509 Templeton. South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every rs lies besides? day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City. Utah They did not read as many books perhaps, there were not so many newspapers either, but they read the Bible even more religiously, than is done by most women in this age, and they kept the Sabbath day more sacredly. It is often said they did not have so many frills and furbelows, however that is not quite true, when one recalls the fine stitching and hemming and the embroidering of fine linen, lace and muslin; and the elaborate ruffled shirt fronts worn by men, and the lace caps that all married women only in the thirties wore in the last century, why it gives one a pain to think it over. We really have improved in dressing, although some fashions are elaborate, this and as for corsets and tight-lacinis far than better ago. fifty years generation They used to write long letters in the earlier times, now we send telegrams and telephone messages, and if we must write a letter it must be done on the typewriter (to save time), and all the individualitv is taken out of it; it's machine work only, and lacks the touch of fine tone that letter-writinonce brought with it. We really have too much formality sometimes, do not come as much in touch with each other in our daily lives as we should do. If it were possible to show ourselves interested in each other's welfare, and say a few kind things in passing along, and not rush all the time with lightning speed, perhaps we would be as well off in the end, and make more friends and do a little good to those, whoe lives are We used to visit, really visit, socially and get acquainted in a nearer view with our relatives and neighbors, now we cannot get time even to make brief calls, but there is so much business to be done, and traveling to and fro, these are some of the things we women do more of than our We are trying to make the predecessors. world better, more enlightened, so some of us think, with new laws, new methods, new plans of work, and we are reaching out to a larger number of people, and talk to them about pure food, and hygiene and sanitation, and good roads and art in their homes, and music of the fiuest quality, and we grade our schools and colleges, and do everything with technique, and run to extremes instead of maintaining an equal balance, until sometimes it seems that ways would be preferable, because we overdo so many things, and have not time to be considerate of oth;r people in a social way, or hospitable and kindly; and we pass over the graceful, gracious, homely, generous ways, and let our nearest duties go undone, trying to reach such high ambitions, that we almost 1 se our own and condemn our own conduct. The world, however, must be taken as this generation has made it, with its marvelous growth in intellectuality in art and science and mechanical processes and rapid traveling by steam and ehetricity, and such knowledge as comes of this great wave of artificial forces, and do the best we can, not to be puffed up with pride, because of our great discoveries of things hitherto unknown. The Latter-daSaints surely who under A PIONEER The Utah Society daughters of the Pioneers met on Friday, September 23, at the home of Miss Josephine Spencer in honor of the day when her father, Daniel Spencer with his family and a large company of Saints entered the valley of the Great Salt Lake in 1847. This was the first meeting after adjournment for the summer months. Bishop Orson F. Whitney by invitation gave a most entertaining talk upon the work of the pioneers and particularly the life and labors of Daniel, Orson and Hyrum Spencer. He was listened to with rapt attention. Other extrcises were of special interest notably the musical part of the program. Messrs. Spencer, Pyper, Whitney and Patrick celebrated Quartette singers, sang "Come, Come ye Saints" at the opening of the meeting and afterwards "Hard times come again no more," also one other hymn. These meetings are of a historic character and serve to remind the young people of today, what the pioneers of the desert endured in establishing this fair commonwealth of which their descendants are so justly proud. The program lor the year has been prepared by a competent committee who have taken great pains to give variety and make it interesting and the officers would be greatly encouraged if the members and friends would attend the meetings in larger numbers and more regularly. Utah is still making history and it is worth while to keep posted. -- Entered at the Post matter. f tcond-clas- s Office in Salt Lake City, Salt Lake City, Utah, October, I lah. as 1904 THE NEW CIVILIZATION. The world during the last century more especially has enlarged its activities in a An wonderful degree and in many ways. to impetus has been given to labor-savina very great extent. Many of the things formerly made by hand requiring time and strength are now performed quicker and even better by machinery. Although there are still some people very slow to accept new methods, and persist in doing as their forefathers did in "the good old times" so One strange feature about olten quoted. all these great improvements is that there seems to be no more leisure, one sometimes thinks not even as much for women, as our foremothers had. As Sister Eliza R. Snow would say, "This is the conundrum." We women used to do many thirgs that are done for us now ever so much better, and we cannot help wondering how it was accomplished at all when there was so much For instance, women made to be done. own their soap, candles, molasses, and did or all, nearly all, their own cooking, washing, ironing and sewing all by hand, and many women carded the wool, spun the rolls, and colored the yarn, knit all the stockings, wove cloth for family wear, and carpets for the floor, and we know of instances where women took the wool from These pioneer women too, the sheep. s actually worked over fire places with and skillets, and used the old fashioned cranes and pot hooks to hang the kettles on for boiling purposes. Some of our young people nowadays have never seen a crane, and are surprised to hear of Have they studied Longsuch a thing. fellow? Yes undoubtedly, and read "The Hanging of the Crane," which "long ago" was celebrated with much ceremony when a new house was built. There was a sort of jollification at such times, g g . heavy-burdene- bate-kettle- "So said the guests in speech and song As in the chimney burning bright We hung the iron crane tonight, And merry w.s the feast and song." stlf-respe- Those simple, primitive village affairs were very different to the ''swell" entertain-ment- s of our modern life. Apple-parings, , quilting parties and spelling bees, were part and parcel of early life in pioneer days. Neighbors were more sociable, and if sometimes one spoke to a new neighbor without an introduction, it was not thought We women certainly rejoice in all the im- husking-bees- "ill-bred.- " d. SEPTEMBER MEETING, D. R, The first mteting of the Daughters of the Revolution (after adjournment during the summer months) was held on Friday, Stptembc-- 16, at the home of Mrs. Isabel M. W. Sears. The parlors were very beautifully decorated with nasturtiums and sweet peas, and vases of the most exquisite roses of a variety of kinds, all of Mrs. Sears own raising. The Society colors, the stars and stripes, and patriotic pictures with the Declaration of Independence were also in evidence and were inspiring to the company. Regent Mrs. Phebe Young Beatie presiding. After the usual exercises, some letters from the General Society were read and commented r old-fashion- "A fortunate, a happy day." j ! y ct ANNIVERSARY. upon. I The paper of the day was by Ella W. Hyde, subject, Anthony Wayne and was very well read and delightfully written. After the paper as neither Mrs. DeWolf or Mrs. Wright who were given the story and poem were present, Mrs. W. H. King was urged to tell of her Eastern trip from which she had just returned. Mrs King spoke in glowing terms of Judge Parker, the Democratic nominee for President of the United States, and of his charming wife, and the noted people with whom Judge King and herself had the honor of dining at the Parker home; told of the brilliant 