WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7o who are not able to pay for professional help. Mrs. Empey superintends the nurses work among the poor and has been very efficient in charge of this part of the department and she also looks after the wellare of the nurse herself wheu thus employed. In this department of ;he society I have held the position of secretary and treasurer and have become greatly interested in the nurses and realize the immense benefit and blessing of such competent help among the poor and unfortunate and the spirit of true charity that is like the balm of Gilead to the soul of the distressed! Personally I enjoy my labors iu the Relief Society and rejoice in the progress it is making; am proud that we are affiliated with this grand Conn-ci- l of Women. FIRST WOMAN PHYSICIAN IN HOLLAND. On the 20th of March it will be twenty-eigh- t years since Dr. Alttta H. Jacobs, our first lady doctor, tcok her degree. She wss the first woman student at our univer-ties- , and had to go through all the unpleasant experiences which nowadays our girls entering on a scientific course have no occasion for. But she went on cheerfully, and used her capacities in the service of those who most needed them. For some years she gave gratis consultations for women from the working classes in Amsterdam. Meanwhile she did not neglect the women's cause, and as she had made the way for women into the medical profession, so she tried to do it into the larger field of citizenship by demanding the ballot, as well as her male colleagues. The wise legislators of Hollaud then (1887) inserted the word "male" before voters in the state constitution. Now. notwithstanding her busy life as a practicing physician, Dr. Jacob is the president of the Dutch Woman's Suffrage Association, and one day may see her cause triumph, when the proposed changes in the constitution become law. She and her husband, Mr. Gerritson, who as deputy and alderman of Amsterdam, did much for women's employment, are true democrats, working for peace and arbitration, and for the uplifting of the degraded class and sex. Dr. Jacobs now holds the office of of the National Council of Women of the Netherlands, and was receutiy elected to be one of the delegates to represent her national council at Berlin at the international council meeting. The Dutch National Council of Women will hold its annual meeting at the Hague on April 5th. This year there will not be reports from affiliated societies, for all the three ensuing days will be taken np by the congress on child protection, which is to take place under the auspices of the National Council. More than sixty associations who are interested in this work, and consist of the most distinguished philanthropists of the country, have formed the committee of arrangements for this congress. On the first day (6th April), the care for orphans and neglected children will be discussed by jurists and rescue workers; on the second, the dangers for children at school are to be considered by pedagogicel and medical authorities; and on the third, the evil consequences of children leaving school and being set to work too early are to be pointed out by labor inspectors and speakers from trades unions. As usual, the Dutch National Council of vice-preside- nt Women extends a cordial invitation to until the year i860 that the work was actmembers of national councils in other counually commenced. The canal extends from tries, and would be glad to welcome those Suez on the Red Sea to Port Said on the In going through the who understand the language in the Hague Mediterranean. Suez canal we pass through three lakes on the 5th of April. I should be glad if they could bring con ('Truly in the desert a fountain is springon to March my inend iotn, ing, in the wild waste therestill is a tree.") gratulations Lake Menzaleh is nearest to the Mediteron council and visitors to our April 5th. ranean. Lake Timsah is about one-hal- f Yours sincerely, the isthmus, fresh water, and across way Martina G. Kramers. five miles about long, and the Bitter Lake Rotterdam, February io, 190. from so the bitter taste of the water) (called a miles long. There are about tweiity-threfor the ships to pass between buoys placed RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE CLASS. (as they are very wide in some places ten Will commence in September 1904. Four miles and even more) so that it is necessary lessons a week, continuing until 1905, In- to have some means to direct tbe course of There the ships. structor, Dr. Margaret C. Roberts. will also be a course in cooking and lectures The whole length of the canal after passon impoitant subjects by ladies chosen from ing through the locks, etc., at the entrance or by the General Board of the Relief Socimiles. At every five and exit, is sixty-siety. Terms for tuition, including hall and or six miles there is a passing place to enjanitor expenses, ten dollars per student. able large vessels to moor during tbe night, Students will be obliged to furnish their and to bring up for other vessels to pass. own note books, text books and pencils. All vessels not mails have to draw into The students shall e.ich sign a contract these passing places to allow the mails to to nurse for charity for seventy-fivdays pass through without any delay. This or whatever pay shall be designated by the courtesy is accorded to mails of every superintendent for two years from the date nation. of graduation. Dredging machines are constantly at Any one desiring to take the nurse work, as the shifting sands would othercourse and not paid by the Relief Society of wise make the canal unnavigable. her ward may do so by paying the ten dolthe cutting of the canal fresh During lar fee herself and signing the contract. All water was conveytd from tbe Nile at Cairo correspondence on this subject should be and distributed along the whole length of addressed to Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie, 55 N. the canal, a work which of itself was of no West Temple Street. small magnitude. The cost of the whole Emma A. Empey,, works is stated to be about ,20,000,000. Superintendent Relief Society Nurse Class. The canal is a highway for steamers of 400 feet in length and 50 feet wide It takes three days to pass from Suez to Port Said. THE SUEZ CANAL. The following table will give you some idea of the use of the canal from 1870 to Editor Exponent: 1874, and of course the use and reveuue You ask me to give you a few particulars arising from it now must be much greater: relative to my journey through the Suez Year No. of Ships Tonnage Receipts canal in 1874. 4S6 1870 654,915 206,373 We started from Bombay in one of the 1871 765 748 359. 1,142,200 Peninsula & Oriental Company's Steamers 1872 656.303 i,oS2 1,744.481 and arrived at Suez; which is the port of 1873 915,892 2,084072 1,173 Egypt on the Red sea and southern term- 1874 1,264 2,423,672 994.375 inus of the Suez canal. The tonnage was thus quadrupled in five The site is naturally an absolute desert and until the water of the Nile was intro- years. As far as the eye can see there is nothing duced by a fresh water canal in 1863 the was water supply of Suez brought across but sand and high hillocks of it in some-place- s from like little mountains, but since the the wells of the head of the gulf Moses on the Arabian coast or else carried carnal has been cut there is vegetation of on camels, an hour's journey from the mild growth, but it gave me the impression brackish wells of "Bic Survees." even then that with fresh water the desert Suez itself is a most uninteresting place might yet fulfill the words of scripture and with its mean Kozace or rows of native blossom like the rose. I knew nothing in those days of this wonshops and Mosques and its Mongrel popuThe only thing of interest to derful western desert that has literally fullation. travelers is the variety of dirty costumes filled the promise. I had the pleasure of and the splendid view of the Sinai mount- seeing for the first time a mirage. I said ains on its eastern, and Mount Alako on to the Captain surety that is a town and its western shore. fields we see, and he allowed me to use his rea It was indeed great achievement to powerful glass, but it had the same indisduce the distance between Western Europe tinct appearance, and he told me it was a and India from 11,378 miles to 7,628 mirage and that sometimes they were much miles, equal to saving 36 days voyage (es- plainer than this one. Port Said is one of tbe dirtiest places on pecially to sufferers by sea sickness), and this was the result effected by cutting the earth. When I tell you all the water is Suez canal between the Red sea and tbe brought from the Sweetwater canal at Mediterranean. Great credit and an ever Ismailia by a conduit and is barely sufficient lasting name is due Monsieur Ferdinand de frr the wants of the town, and to add to its Lesseps, who was the great engineer who dirt and misery it is a coaling station for the brought the work to a successful issue. P. & O. Steamers, you can better imagine From 1849 to 1854 ne was occupied in ma- than I can describe the dirt and filth of the place. turing his plans. A party of us went to look around the He constituted a company called the Universal Suez Canal Company. It was not town and paid a visit to one of their Casino e - 