WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 94 secondary, but we are interested in it. We read from the Church works and the Exponent in our meetings, and try to carry out the instructions given for our benefit. Sister Margaret Hull then favored the audience with a solo beautifully rendered, "Sometime, Somewhere." President Alvira L. Cox was especially pleased to hear the sweet music of the singers of Zion. Reported the stake all in Hold conferences good running order. once in three months. It is very interesting to hear the uniformity of the reports given here. Mother's work has been the means In of bringing out many young sisters. our stake some branches are building more granaries, for our granaries are full to overflowing. The presidents are always at meetings unless detained by sickness. Mary Swindle, secretary Monroe Stake: We have a good band of sisters. Ours is a We allarge stake, nineteen branches. a Our once visit meetings are year. ways testimonies We have attended. well very first and then the le'ctures on Mother's work. We have quite a large quantity of wheat and considerab'e money on hand to buy more. Sister Tulina L- Smith addressed the sis ters briefly, had been called upon unexpectedly. Mentioned her pleasure in hearing the good reports from far away stakes, realized the sisters were faithful and diligent, wished there was time to hear from all, felt we were greatly blest in this goodly land. Sister Margaret Salmon reported for Summit Stake. Stated that the president, Y. Pack her board and assistants made a point of going around visiting all branches, In the they worked in perfect harmony. had taken work Mother's up literary they subjects and lectures on the Women of the Bible. We had a nurse class taught in our stake, and have a number of very efficient nurses. Counselor Susie M. Wilson, Teton Stake: We endeavor to visit our branches twice a year, and the sisters are united and are greatly blessed in their labors; we have not a large amount of grain on hand; our stake is somewhat new, but we are trying to serve the Lord, asked the blessing of the Lord upon all present. President Annie R.Duke, Wasatch Stake: Our sisters are united and all the branches are in gocd working order, our Mother's work is splendid, many young sisters are joining; still our main work is looking after the sick and the needy; we have considerable grain stored, the Lord has abundantly blest us, we visit our stake twice a year. Sister Leah Blackburn, Wayne Stake, made a good report, especially in regard to the grain on hand, and said they visited among the sick and needy. President Sarah Tyson, Woodruff Stake: This was her first report, the stake had been reorganized last summer; she had visited all around since, traveled over six hundred miles but found them all in good order; she had been traveling two nights to come to the conference; was pleased to be present; had not yet begun Mother's work, but they were ready to do so. Congregation sang, "Zion stands on hills surrounded," dismissed with prayer by President Emma S. Woodruff. Meeting adjourned until 2 p. m. - Ce-lest- Afternoon President B. W. Singing by members of session: Smith presiding. ia the Temple choir, Prof C. J. Thomas leading, duet "Softly beams the sacred dawning." Prayer by Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, singing "Sometime, Somewhere," Sister Maria B. Winder and Sister Lottie Owen. Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde was the first speaker. It is quite an inspiring sight to see so many present, and I am sure that it will be an inspiration to our president to have so many gathered together, we have been trying to get a little closer together this time, by giving a luncheon today, try to love each other more and become better acquainted with one another, we should criticize ourselves, and try to improve, have a system and work and plan ahead. The Lord will ask us to give an account of the way in which we train our children. This planning and arranging beforehand will help us to progress, and we must not stand still. Sister Hyde asked the blessing of the Lord upon all and peace, love and contentment to abide with. us. Mrs. Nellie Druce Pugsley sang in her sweet voice "Ave Maria," accompanied by Mrs. Kate Romney Stewart, the music was very uplifting. Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry, after speaking of her desire to get nearer to the sisters, she related the story of the devotion of a young girl and of the amphitheatre at Rome when so many of the saints were thrown to the hungry wild beasts to be torn in pfeces, how she was entreated by her father, how he plead with her to give up her faith that she might be spared to him, and he was old and. feeble and he needed her, and after his persuading and beseeching her, she said, "Yes, she could give it up but the spirit within her could not." It is the spirit within us that helps us to be diligent and faithful and zealous in the Lord's work. Charity, what a great word it is, how much it conveys to us all, who are engaged in the Relief Society work; spoke of a conversation she had recently with a strange lady about our organizations and how astonished she was to learn what we were doing. Sister Dusenberry believed in strewing flowers in the pathway of our workers, and not waiting until they are dead to do them honor, their lives may be barren of pleasure, let us show our appreciation while they still live. Sister Clarissa S. Williams said this was a magnificent audience; we are all working for our salvation in the heavenly kingdom, striving to be true mothers and true wives. The Ave Matia that Sister Pugsley sang appeals to me; how many of us have sent up that prayer to our Heavenly Father. "Humility is one of the chief things to help us to obtain favor and blessings;" she also dwelt upon unity, her prayers were constantly for the Relief Society, for our Father in heaven to direct us by His Holy Spirit to do right. Sister Elizabeth S. Wilcox felt if we were to separate here and go to our homes, we had heard so much it would be a feast; so many songs that had been uplifting to our spirits, so much in the music, and in the words; this great audience is a witness of the interest in this Relief Society work. The maternal instinct is developed by the work we have undertaken in the Society, even in those who ha ire not children of their own, and those wrho are denied this world's good, the rich poor, and the poor rich. Our Father does not give us these longings, not to have them realized, "Sometime, Somewhere. ' ' The practical work of the Society will so extend that many more gray-heade- d, will feel its benefits. Referred to a society where they made plain clothes for children, thought it a very useful thing, many mothers would be glad to buy good plain clothing, when they could not have time to do the needle work. Sister Rebecca E. Little felt it a pleasure to meet and shake hands with those who came twice a year to the general assemblies; "The veterans who belonged to the generation that preceded us have made such untold sacrifices and practiced such for their religion that their descendants should have some of it in them," related some striking incidents of personal and spoke of attending a funeral recently of a sister who had presided over a society 35 years and in all that time had never refused a call made upon her. Sister Annie Wells Cannon loved the Relief Society and had always loved it, was proud to think of the great work that had been accomplished, and the growth of the organization now numbering something like "I am glad that my mother has 33,000. been engaged in this great charity," related the story of a Captain's widow and two little children, who was sick with consumption the Relief Society cared for her and at her death took care of the children, what a comfort it was to the dying woman to know they would be provided for. Sister Cannon spoke of the Mothers' Congress here some years ago and the woman who came expressly to teach patriotism to our children; but found there was no occasion whatever for her teaching, the speaker felt that in the Mother's Work we should teach patriotism and good citizenship.it was always interesting to the little ones to talk of the flag, its thirteen stripes and forty-fiv- e stars. Sister Cannon also spoke of the nurse class felt it to be an important step in the right direction. Sister Alice Merrill Home said it is always a pleasure to commune with the saints, dwelt upon charity and the need we have to exercise it, thought we should drop our sorrows and cease repining, we must be more companionable to our children, we have to contend with the spirit of darkness; we should be stronger than any other women, because our husbands have to go away upon missions and we need more strength than others. We must save our strength so we can give some of it in our Relief Society to help the work. Sister Home spoke upon the home and what it should mean to our children. Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth thought we as mothers did not appreciate the advantages of the age in which we are living. The mother begins the process of training with the infant in her arms she fills her children with the principle of love; as mem-- , bers of the Relief Society, we have every opportunity to gain the confidence and love of our sisters. I pray that we may go on in this way and instruct our children not only in the Gospel, but in patriotism; we know we are descended from the makers of this great union, and our boys were among the finest soldiers in the Phillipines, and we have every reason to be proud of their record, let us do our duty faithfully to our families, and our Relief Society. Sister Emily S. Richards, spoke of the reports given in the morning, how systematic and business-lik- e they were made; thought our sisters showed their ability; spoke of reporting the Relief Society at the Nation's capital, referred to the woman who came here to teach mothers and was now the self-deni- self-sacrifi- ce al 