WOMAN'S EXPONENT history; she was left an orphan when very young, in honor of Sister Annie U. Larson and and reared by her grandparents. When sixteen Josie E. Childs, the retiring stake officers.! years old s.ie married James Louis Burnham. and President Sorensen in behalf of the Relief went west in 1837. In 1342 Brother and Sister Burnham wer converted to the Gospel and emSociety of Emery Stake, presented Sister braced the same, and went up to Nauvoo, 111., in Larsen with an elegant rocker and felt slip1S43. She wa.J left a widow with three sons in and Sister Childs a workstand and pers 1S45, just previous to the birth of her daughter, Ladies A present of money has A. She Freeze. Companion. afterwards married Sister Mary President Joseph Young in the Nauvoo temple; by been sent to Sister Ann Pulsipher, the other this marriage she had two daughters. She was retiring counselor who resides now in Old with the Saints in the exodus from Nauvoo, enMexico, and a Book ot Mormon with induring all the privations of that eventful period, scription from Emery Stake Relief Society, prefering exile with the Church to the independence offered her by her own people if she would to Sister S. J. Shipp, in Idaho, the former return to the eastern states. She went south to secretary. Great credit is due the sisters of Payson at the time of the move south in 1858, and Ferron for the sumptuous repast and the remained there for some time, afterward moving to Richmond, Cache county, and in 1863 returned welcome extended to all. Toasts and sentito Salt Lake City, which has been her permanent ments were given and a pleasant time was home ever since. Her posterity number 197. She enjoyed. had seven children, 14 grandchi'dren, 114 greatM. A. Sorensen. grandchildren, and two most a was life full of zeal Her exemplary one, and religious devotion, never murmuring, however difficult and trying her circumstances. She was WASATCH. unflinching in her integrity to the Gospel, and alof mission divine to bore the testimony ways The Relief Society of Wasatch Stake held disJoseph Smith, the prophet of the Latter-daa conference at the Stake Tabernacle AuSister Burnham knew the Prophet pensation. President Annie R. Duke personally, and testified on all occasions of his gust 23, 1903. grand and noble character. She was present at presiding. Official visitors from Salt Lake the meeting in the grove in Nauvoo, when the mantle of Joseph fell npon Brigham Young, when City present: Sarah Jane Cannon, member of the General Board, and Katie B. Hooker, th people cried "It is Joseph come back again he is resurrected." There are few now living to missionary. Meeting opened at 10 a.m. testify of having witnessed these things; but those with usual exercises, prayer by Sister Ann who were present on that memorable occasion can Murdock. President Duke welcomed the never forget its thrilling effect upon that enthusione Saints a and most in all manner. genial astic assembly'. The funeral of this excellent woman was held Phoebe H. Bathers reported Danish sociin the Eleventh ward meeting house, and many ety, spoke upon love and charity. Charlestestified of her good works. Bishop R. Morris ton reported by Mary Broadbent; society in presided. Beautiful floral tributes from loving relatives and friends H'ere laid upon the white good condition. Sister Hattie B. Hooker praised the neatcasket, and music such as the angels might listen to was rendered. Her remains are laid to rest ness of the hall, gave some good points upon the hill side, to await the morning of the in the mother's work, said it was intended E. B. W. first resurrection. to be a help to the young mothers in reary R. S, REPORTS. EMERY STAKE. The Relief Society Conference of Emery Stake was held at Ferron Nov. 27, 1903, President Mary A. Sorenson presiding. The president reported the work of the Stake and congratulated the sisters on the good work they had done, expressed regret at the absence of the late president, Sister Annie U. Larsen, who was ill. Sister Maria Allen, of Castledale, spoke on the subject "Woman," her effort was a grand one. Eight of the wards in the Stake were represented and all reported in good condition. Sister Josie E. Childs touching-l- y referred to the illness of Larsen and spoke highly of the lecture. Sister R. O. Bird of Springville made a telling speech to mothers. Brother Seth Allen of Castle Dale referred to the noble work of the Relief Society. In the afternoon Sister Maria Guymon spoke of duties in the society and on saving grain. Sister Mary Jenson of Ferron recited "The Relief Society." Bishop Nelson of Ferron talked to the parents; said he was pleased with the Relief Society. Song by Sisters J. R. Cox and Hattie Reid of Orangeville. Reading by Mrs. Annie Patriarch Frederick of Molen. Olsen appreciated the Relief Society; had known of its benefits for thirty years. Mandolin selection by Sister Jennie Behe-mi- n of Clawson. Stake Counselor Mary J. King spoke of the Sunnyside Society, urged the sisters to join the society and help the work along. President Mary A. Sorensen thanked those who had contributed to the success of the conferences. After the adjournment a social was given nt Ras-musse- n ing their children, also to elevate and educate the sisters; thought parents should see that the home is furnished with proper amusement for children. Recitation Sophia Lee. Sister S. J. Cannon, wife of the late President George Q. Cannon, spoke of the great benefits derived from the talks of experienced mothers who were united with their husbands in training children; these talks or lectures were grand opportunities for the young people. The Saints should know why the Prophet Joseph Smith organized this society. It is not only to aid the needy and care for the sick, but to save souls; teach your sons and daughters to be virtuous, Sister Cannon urged the sisters to try and create a fund of their own for expeuses in the ward. President Wm. H. Smart made a telling address, in which he said if the society literary, spiritual and intellectual work for the mothers to prepare them for wifehood and house purposes, helping the young women to be active instead of the older sisters doing it all, it would make the society successful; if you need teaching, go to your leaders, who have the spirit of their calling. President Smart said many good things. Sister Duke felt thankful for the visitors and the presence of the brethren. Adjourned until 2 p.m. with singing; prayer by Sarah Melissa Murdock. Afternoon session opened with usual exercises; prayer by Patriarch W. C. Murdock. Sisters reported as follows: Heber Second ward, Sarah Carlisle; Heber Third ward, Johanna Jensen; Heber First ward, Margaret Murdock all in good condition, taking care of the sick and needy, and attending to other duties. Bishop Wm. Daybell and Bishop J. A. 63 Boshard urged parents to teach their children right and keep them home at night. Center Ward Society reported by Rebecca Anderson, Rachel Lee, Elkhorn Dairy. Bishop Jacob Probst of Midway praisedthe sisters, felt the sisters had more of the Spirit of God in their meetings than'the brethren, he thought we should study the dispositions of our children when training them. Bishop Robert Duke thought the Relief Society one of the greatest aids in the Church. Sister Cynthia Wootten spoke well of the Midway Relief Society. Bishop Frederick Crook of Midway, Bishop P. H. M'Guire both alluded to the strength the Relief Society gave to the ward. Elder Abram Hatch made some pertinent remarks as to the perfect organization of the Church. Sister Louisa Alexander and Eliza Boshard spoke words of encourage ment to all. .hader James C. Jenson, ot the Stake Presidency told the mothers to be careful in their conversation, especially before children. The General and Stake officers were sustained unanimously. President Duke made suitable closing remarks. The visiting sisters had been obliged to return home on acocunt of sickness. Benediction by Patriarch John Duke. Sarah R. Duke, Secretary. " ALBERTA, CANADA, The Relief Society conference of the Alberta Stake convened at the Assembly Hall, in Cardston, August 24, 1903, President presiding. After the opening exercises, President Woolf congratulated the congregation upon the favorable circumstances in which they were placed as a community, the peaceful influence they enjoyed and how the Lord had answered their prayers. Sister Sarah B. Da vies reported the Relief Society of Cardston, said the sisters had 200 bushels of grain stored. Counselor Jane Hiuman gave an interesting account of the visits to the several branches of the Stake; they had excellent meetings and enjoyed a good spirit. Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry, one of the General Presidents of the Relief Society, said she felt a calm, peaceful, and contented spirit in their midst, knew the sisters were living near the Lord and doing their duty, thought the Spirit of God was never felt to a greater extent than in testimony meetings. Sister Rebecca E. Little, missionary, referred to the words of our Lord when the people asked Him how they were to know the Gospel was true. He answered by their work. "Ye cannot gather grapes of thorns or figs from thistles. ' ' Though our prayers are not answered directly, the result is good; she spoke of having visited European countries; she eulogized the sisters for living their religion, said she could give a good report of taem when she returned to Utah. Choir sang, "Do what is right." Counselor Rhoda Hinrnan, Sisters Elizabeth Hammer, Rose Woolf, Lydia Brown, May Lula Ibez, Elnora Wight, Lula Anderson, Hannan Anderson, Emily Norton, Rhoda May and Elizabeth Webb each bore testimony and said some very good things. Elder E. J. Wood gave some of his experiences on the Samoan islands. Meeting adjourned until 2 p.m. with singing; benediction by Rachel Archibald. Afternoon session opened with singing, 