WOMAN'S EXPONENT 3 were not wanted, or whether they did not desire to come, they certainly were not jn evidence, but how the women did swarm into those halls! Morning and evening, day after day, young and old, pretty and homely, well gowned and badly dressed, eager, alert, hungering and thirstirg, approving with cries of "So, so," or dissent-wit"Nein, nein," and rising en masse when greatly pleased such an interested, appreciative, inspiring audience! There never was anything like it in Germany before. There have been, indeed, but few public meetings here, but it seemed as if the German women had been pondering over these questions in their hearts for many years, and now they were ready to This is not a peogive them expression. ple of fads, quick, spontaneous, superficial as Americans are apt to be, but slow, conservative, philosophical, and speaking at last with well digested and substantial thought. That this Council of Women has stirred Germany, and especialiy Berlin, to its depths, cannot be doubted by those who have followed the press comments and watcht d the developments of the past weeks. Nor can it be doubted that its results will and permanent, for the very be reason that the foundation has been so long in building. The German women are now thoroughly organized, they have learned their power, they have received the recognition of their government, and never again will they drop back into the subordinate place which for ages they have been taught it waii divinely ordained they should occu py. A generation ago the German Empire was born, and it has made gieater progress in the last thirty years than in all the centuries which preceded. but it has been principally of a military and commercial character. The time is now propitious for the finer and more spiritual force of womanhood to make itself felt, and some day in the future Germany will inscribe another date on the monuments which record its achievements June, 1904 the date which marked the founding of a new dynasty for the women of tbe nation. And now the International Congress is a memory a recollection of warm, sunny days, with scarcely a cloud in the sky, of mornings filled with earnest work and intellectual stimulus; of afternoons in lovely gardens, with the tea tables under the trees and the groups of interesting men and women gathered about them; of new friendships formed and new thought absorbed; of fresh hope and courage inspired by the knowledge that throughout all countries life is growing brighter for women, and they are striving to make conditions brighter for women, and they are striving to make conditions better for all mankind. Such beautiful memories we shall carry home across the sea! and with them will be the remembrance of the splendid city of Berlin, with its miles of magnificent buildings, strong, solid, enduring emblematic of the German character. There is not a America which in can city approach it in in in cleanliness. We have order, beauty, but few public buildings wbich equal those h There are more large parks of Berlin. here than in all the cities of the United States combined, and we have no fountains which can compare with any one of a dozen here; all of our statues together fall below those in this one city in number, and far below them in artistic merit. Our art collections and museums are not to be mentioned in comparison, and we have nothing which approaches in historic interest these old palaces and castles. There are miles of apartment houses here but instead of American monstrosities every story has its overhanging balconies, filled with bright blossoms and trailing vines; there is scarcely an individual house set on a line with the street, but all have beautiful gardens in front, so that the whole city looks like a vast conservatory ot flowers Through its very centre run both the canal and the river Spree, but instead of a disfigurement they are a distinct addition to its beauty, for extending along either side are grassy parks with great trees reaching out over the water, while every bridge that crosses is embellished with statues and balustrades and made an ornament to tbe street. Tbe elevated trains run over miles of fine stoi.e arches, with practically no noise, and each station is surrounded with a little park with trees and shrubs. On these and the electric cars the fare is two cents. No building is more than five stor-iein height, and there is not a shadow of smoke over the entire city. The streets everywhere are spotless, not a vestige of dirt or litter, and yet Berlin is a city of 2.500,000 inhabitants. It has no slums and even its poverty is clean. There is never a suspicion of scandal attached to its municipal government, wbich is looked upon as absolutely incorruptible And yet, and yet what is this indefin able chill which seems constantly to envelop one which compels him to speak low and walk circumspectly? It is that ever present and military discipline. Every particle of spontaneity is trained out of the children, and as soon as the boys are grown they are put into the army. The rigid obedience to authority there instilled goes with them through life and is apparent in every calling. The result is a deference of each class to the one above it, and, alas! the inability of any member of it to rise above the sphere into which be was born. But when the German goes into the s United States and into their unattractive and badly governed towns and cities, he finds there a freedom of speech, a liberty of action an opportunity for the individual development of himself and his children, worth far more to him than even the beauty and historic associations of his fatherland, and he seldom wishes to leave the new life and go back to the old. So we women of America, seeing clearly the superiority of European cities in countless things, and realizing fully the imperfections of our own government, nevertheless believe that it holds far more of promise for us and those we love than any other. Woman's Journal. Mrs. Emily Everett, who died in Cambridge, Sept. 23, was, as far as known, the oldest person in the city. She was aged 105 years, 7 months and 19 days. She was born in Haverhill, Mass., on Feb. 4, 1799, Mrs. Everett and lived in three centuries was the danghter of Rev. Abiel Abbot, l. D. D. For several years she lived in Dorche.-ter- . Me-- , She and Beverly, took up her residence in Cambridge, in 1745. W. A. Everett is the only surviving member of the family. Hal-lowel- Mrs. Emeline M. North, of San Francisco, who has been invited to speak at the International Educational Congress which meets in Paris, has the reputation of being an accomplished linguist. She speaks, it is said, all the languages of the civilized world, and is now studying Chinese. DR. ELLIS R. Will open a class in Nursing and Obstetrics on Monday, Oct. 10, 1904, at her home, 713 Second Street, Salt Lake City. Those desiring to attend will please communicate personally or by letter. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. Save Your Money! And when you get a dol'ar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bark we have opened more than 37,600 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from on 2 dollar to live thousand, and compute said OBSTETRICS Dr. Margaret 6. Roberts Will commence her next class in Obstetrics on Monday, October 10, 1904, This class will also have the advantage of at- tending the Relief Society Nurse Class taught by Dr. Roberts. For further information, communicate with Dr. Roberts, 79 C Street. Telephone 2002. interest THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, " 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. .r much ?c ooU.-ivjur monev. '4nm We aim to give you as TRY US Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph No 1 CMSS R. K. SHIPP Main If! Gkorcje Strft. F. M Smith, Prest. . Cannon, Cashie-- JJIDffllFERY BHD KORSlJlG. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her class in Midwifery and Nursing October 10, 1904. One student free. Write for particulars. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. 