WOMAN'S EXPONENT. non gave the paper of the day; subject, Mrs. John Quincy Adams, many interesting facts in the life of this brilliant, wife and mother were brought out clearly and given in graphic style. Mrs. Emily H. Cannon gave an interesting story, and as Mrs. Carol Y. Caution was not prepared with a song, Mrs. Lucy W. Smith, by special request, gave sotne incidents of her recent delightful trip East and to the After adjournment reFair at St. Louis. freshments uere served iu dainty style, and self-sacrifici- the guests enjoyed an hour's chat w th each other and the hostess in her delightful home. The November meeting of the Daughters of Utah Pioneers was addon Wednesday, November 9. 19 4, in the elegant parlors of the Bee Hive House, thu P esideut, Mrs Alice M Home, present, although Counselor. Mrs. C. K. Wilcox, presided. After the exercises of singing and prayer Mrs. Annie Taylor Hyde read V e hymn, "0, say what is truth," and Mrs. Lucy read her paper on Brother Pratt Rus-el- l and Sister Snively of Pennsylvania, her Gos-grandparents, how they received the Nau-voo; 1, and gathered with the Saints in the marriage of their daughters to Apostle Parley P. Pratt, and Susan to President Brigham Young; she emphasized their devotion to the Gospel and the principles of celestial marriage. Mrs. Alice Merrill Home read the ?aper prepared by Mrs Julina L. Smith on Winter Quarters, Mrs. Smith being unavoidably absent on account of sickness in the family. The paper was full of interest as it contained so many practical facts iu regard to conditions existing at that time of scarcity and trial, and brought back to the pioneer women present many pathetic and thrilling scenes through whicii the Saints passed during that critical period. Many comments were made after the reading, the one however ot special value was by Mrs. Elizabeth Nebeker, a pioneer of 1847. A poem "Reminisceuses," written for the Daughters of the Pioneers was read by the author, Mrs. E. B. Wells. As the other numbers could not be given a little time was taken by Mrs Nebeker giving some of her girlhood experiences, her first me, ting with the Prophet Joseph Smith in the. State of Pennsylvania when she was nine years old, and subsequent events. p Han-nahet- te female RELIEF AND LADIES Sarah M. THE Ah! frail men so often err In their judgments premature; Every act contains a blessing, Though at first it seems obscure. Was there net for every mortal Written death upon the scroll? Death of body; not of spirit; Ay! there is no death of soul. Search the records and traditions. Search the present and the past; Science, logic, reason, wisdom, Says this life is not the last. Near God's throne are lines of angels. One would make their ranks complete; So thev came and took our brother, There to live a life most sweet. MOTHERS WORK. BENSON STAKE. Lecture 'd Is it safe to doubt the wisdom? Can we always judge aright? Be consoled, submit, don't murmur, Look above, and ask for light. Life is but a fading shadow Passing swiftly year by year; Then we'll meet the one departed In that high and holy sphere. 1. The Inmates of the Home. Family Organization, b. The father: c. The his authority position and rights, mother: her position and rights, d. The children: their position and rights. a. Grieve ro more, and let not sorrow Mar the soul you have to save, There will be a joyous meeting, For there's life beyond the grave, Mark Brown. Lecture 2. a. Obedience and its effects, obedience and its effects. Lccture b. Dis- - SKETCH j. Pra c. Its power and efficacy. Appropriate prayers. a. Lecture OF SISTER DURRANT. Sketch and Resolutions of Respect to the 4.. Forgiveness: Charity for each others' imperfections, b. Faults; by good or evil intent. a. Lecture 5. a. Influence of the passions with regard to health and huppiness. b. Loe, hate, envy. Lecture 6. Self denial, Hope. c. Grief, despair, and Kindness. a. b. Faith, d. Cheerfulness L. Rawlins. Prest., Aroetta Maud Roskellv, Counselors. Pond, Rebecca Committee! Rhoda M. Hendricks, Secretary. SOCIETY OF NAUVOO. Beloved sisters and friends As I shall necessarily be absent from your pleasant society, for a season, my husband not having succeeded iu business in Nauvoo as he anticipated, I could not take my leave without soliciting your kii.d wishes and prayers for the time being, that we find it necessary to locate ourselves elsewhere, until a more favorable door is opened, for our residence with the church. I wish also to acknowledge my grateful sense, of the great kindness, and good feelings, which has been manifested toward me, during my visit amongst you; and iu return you have my sincere prayers, that the best of heaven's blessings may rest upon you: and may the cause of humanity, benevolence, and mercy, flourish in your midst, under the benign auspices of an ap well-belov- Cleveland. Sarah OK Was there not amid the million:? One whose life was not so dear? Could hey not have found another. one here? Left this proving heaven, and the smiles of the Holy one of Israel. And may the heart of the widow, the fatherless, the poor, and the destitute, for whose benefit the society was organized, be made to rejoice through the means of your benevolent exertions. And feel assured, that wnile this is made the grand rallying point, for the active energies of your minds, no power, however desirous it may be to vilify, and call in question your good name, will be able to tarnish the lustre of your good cLeds, or pluck from your standard, the laurels which will be woven by the hand of gratitude as a shining trophy to yur name, to all eternity. With respect and affection, I am yours in the bonds of the gospel. April, 1843. Hannah Larson, Maggtr Merrill, A. Hyer, Maria Swineyard, AN OLD LETTER. TO THE PRESIDENCY, 37 PARTING. bitter pangs of parting, Come upon us unaware bud or flower that blossoms, Every ' The taste of death must sometime share. Oh, the Yet such times do bring forth sorrow, forth a sigh: Every hea t For God has called frcm us a loved one. The reason now we know not why. s One just reached the flower of manhood, Strickeu down while yet iu outh, Called to join our friends departed, Called while in the path of truth. Gone from those who loved him dearly; Every soul breathed up a prayer, Yet he has gone fro those he cherished; Ah! can reason cease to stare? memory of Sister Jemima H. B Durrant, who departed this life August 20, 1904, at her home in American Fork, Utah. She was born at Deans' Hanger, England, August 2, 1S36, embraced the gospel when eleven years old, and emigrated to Utah in 862. She has been a faithful member of the church from that time until her death. Sister Durrant was an active member and officer of the Relief Society from the time it was organized iu American Fork. She was also a member of the choir, a teacher in the Sabbath School, and was President of the Young Ladies' Association for more than twenty years. In all these organizations she was faithful aud efficient, always at her post of duty, and was well loved and 1 respected by all. She was a woman of great faith and integrity to the gospel. Her tessimon)' was always bright; her faith was unwavering; she "was not ashamed to defend the princiHer life was worthy ples of her religion of emulation for she was always active in the service of the Lord. She was true to every principle of the gospel, including that of Celestial Marriage, and though not blest with childreu of her own, she was ever willing to take part in the care of her husband's family. She died, as she had lived, firm iu the faith, and with a sure hope of a glorious resurrection. resolutions. Therefore, be it resolved, that we the officers of the Relief Society do sincerely sympathize with the bereaved family, and we mourn for one, who was in every respect worthy of our love and esteem Resolved, that in her death we recognize the loss of a tiue Saint and a faithful worker, aud express our hopes that though she has left us for a short time, yet it is well with her. For she has fought the good fight and has kept the faith, and there is a crown of righteousness awaiting her in the Kingdom of God. 