WOMAN'S EXPONENT 48 I will go aboard a merchantman, a the scathing rebuke and said placidly, "She few months' voyage around the Mediterrahas gone to her grandma, whom she adores nean, and when I return all will hava settled down.and I shall have plenty of money more than anyone in the world." of Edward she could Before my own." This was how he reasoned, say any more, find must and at last Margaret bravely consented. He hoiv-forever. "I had left the and strong, inhe sailed he ps away soliloquized her, dead or alive," a short voyfor be to I've know strode off. "Fanny must gone only gone," tending as he in and he dashed off a note age. pencil walked on, and mailed it before leaving Fanny Hillier returned home and answered all the numerous questions of town. Those were not the days of telegrams and neighbors, but Mrs. Windeyer would not fast trains, bnt he knew the road toEast-on- , condescend to inquire even concerning her yet he questioned her going there. He own. Fanny's father, however, kept the Squire changed his mind and went direct to Brisit he knew and not, Margaret giving him full particulars about posted, tol, though his lHtle girl grandchild. had taken a coach a few miles out of Mer-toRichard was very ill, and when the and gone to that large city. She was not without money and had with her all her Squire would sit by him alone, he would tell him of Edward's baby and promised jewelry. and as soon as he was well he would his him he there search, began Arriving after one whole week he found her where take him to see iittle Ruth. Richard reshe had taken lodgings. She was suffering-grea- peated to his mama that he was to go and mental agony. A doctor had been see the baby, and Mrs. Windeyer made up called in, who had said immediately, "Send lier mind to get the little girl for her own. for her mother," then noticing the wedding She had wished for a daughter when Richard came, and now she saw an opportunhy, ring she wore, asked for her husband. Edunwrote and she wrote to her Aunt Matilda at Bristol to ward arrived opportunely, he knew come to her, and to try and persuade Edhesitatingly for the one friend he who ward's wife to let her bring the baby with could depend upon, Fanny Hillier, Meanher for Richard's sake, knowing how Marcame as fast as horses could travel, time a babe had been born to the pale, garet had loved him, and how and Margaret was she had been for others, she flattered sweet reand all herself this would induce the mother to let her after suffering, now, happy covered speedily. The young husband the child come to her. Miss Gordon went was anxious to take his wife and child to Easton and urged Margaret to give the home to Merton, but the little mother baby to Mrs. Windeyer, but the little mother stoutly refused "Not if I had to would uot be persuaded to go. "No, never! Take me to my own home, to my beg my bread from door to door would I '' be welcome. I shall where always part with my baby." She made no comgrandma, And her wishes were complied with. plaint, indulged in no recriminations, but Miss Gordon knew by her manner that One cold morning, Edward, Margaret and baby, accompanied by the faithful her entreaties were vain. Miss Gordon Mrs. annoyed when Fanny, set off in a rumbling old stage was meeting coach for the little town of' Easton, only a Morley to find her an old schoolmate, whom she had lost sight of for many few miles off, and were put down at Grandold The door. ma Morley's lady's delight years, and many pleasing reminiscences was positively exhilarating when she saw were recalled and the day was spent agreethe happy party arrive. She had heard ably after all. When Annt Matilda arrived at Merton, nothing of the troubles and changes of her darling grandchild, though she had warned Richard was sinking rapidly, but as soon her against marrying Edward, when she as she found an opportunity she told her learned he had been at sea. "No more niece the result of her visit to Margaret, parting now," Ned said, when he saw and added, "Your son's wife comes of a how delighted Margaret looked; and he fine old Bristol family her grandmother meant it then, but he did not measure his was at boarding school with me; one of own strength correctly. He was too near the most charming girls, and manied a the sea. Fanny believed in him, so did his most brilliant officer; a widow now, with wife, but his resolves were vain. Very a. moderate income, and as grand as a duchsoon a letter came from bis mother reess in appearance." "Richard him with "But the child, Aunt Matilda! You see proaching ingratitude. is ill, nigh unto death. Leave Margaret Richard is dying, and I shall be left childwith the nurse and come to us," his mothless." er wrote. After this letter Edward was It was hard for Miss Gordon to see her His father had grief she loved her nkce; but she must worried and perplexed. sent money for all expenses so far, but his speak plainly now. "You will never have wife and child needed delicacies, but he that child, Nellie, unless the mother should must work. Another letter came from his die. It is selfish to ask. She is alone; her mother, upbraiding him with neglect, and husband gone, perhaps never to return declared that unless he returned to them the sea is treacherous; and you have wealth, with his wife and child, he should never position, and a husband to be proud of, have a penny with her consent, and he felt while she is almost alone in the world and sure she would carry out the threat. worships the little daughter." "The sea will bear me away out of all It was a trying moment for Aunt Matil first time in his life. Mrs. Windeyer heard this. true-hearte- d She had never spoken unkindly to anyone, but she was a woman of sense and experience, and she felt Nellie needed to be told the plain truth, and it might in her great sorrow soften her heart and cause her to relent and to repent. Concluded in January Number. da. A teacher in a day school said to one of her pupils, "Now, Tommy, spell needle!" needle." Teacher: Tommy: "N-"That's wrong! There's no 'V in needle." Tommy: Well, it isn't a good needle e then!" n t self-sacrifici- child-mothe- r, R. K. RELIEF SOCIETY NOTICE. The Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society in the several stakts of Ziou, also in missions and in branches of the Society not in-- c uded in takes or missions, are hereby notified to prepare complete annual reports, statistical and financial, dating from January 1, 1904, to December 31, 1904, and forward the same to the General Secretary, Tem-pleto- n Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, not later than the middle of February, 1905. Wherever the Relief Society owns buildings, halls or granaries, it is desirable that information should be made a separate item, and how many in the stake, and in what wards located; also any other important facts that would be cf interest to the gener? al officers. Emmeline B. Wells, General Secretary. Save Your Money! And when you get a dol'ar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the back have opened more than 37, GOO savings accviirts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own Barne, subject to their own order. Have you such an account'; If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ore dollar to rive thousand, and compute said we THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, E Mrs. Ednah D. Cheney was the guest of honor at the annual reception of the New England WTomen's Club on Oct. 31, and there was a large attendance of members and guests. Mrs. Howe and Mrs. Cheney were presented with bouquets of violets tied with long purple ribbons. There was no speaking, but plenty of fine music, and sprays of pink roses adorned the busts of Samuel E Swall, Theodore Parker and Michael Angelo. When Mrs. Howe, Mrs. Ch eney, an d Mrs. Judith W. Smith got their heads together for a few minutes, one member whispered to another, "Where, cntside of the New Jerusalem, could you see another group like that?" 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. nrjch 2j possible for your money. , fr-m- We aim to give you as TRY US interest Semi-annuall- WRJTE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. No. 1 George Main Street, M. Cannon, Cashier. 