WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 78 the greatest mission of any organization in . .1 . -we snouiu uiscuuiagc tne nurcn. TTT tiuu playing and profanity." Eliza Tenny: "There is much for us as officers and members of the Relief Society to do. The Stake officers of the Relief Society of the Juarez Stake get out plans for the mothers work and all the local organizations in the stake work in unison. The Saints have had a hard struggle in Mexico but the Lord has opened the way for us to secure our land." Solo by Stake Counselor Olive Kimball. President Udall rejoiced in meeting with the Saints of this stake. "Sisters, you do not have an equal chance with the brethren unless you improve your opportunities. The battle is not to the strong, or the race to the swift, but to those who endure faith-ful- l' to the end. May the Lord bless our wives, mothers, sisters and daughters, that the)' may accomplish the work assigned them." Counselor Salina Phillips reported her visit to Salt Lake City and the General R. 1 1 1 S. Conference, 1 IT- - which was a gram- success - and spiritual treat. Also read an article from the Juvenile Instructor entitled "Race Suicide." Sister Udall, President of the R. S. of St. John's Stake felt built up and strengthened by attending this conference, we should show by our works that we do appreciate the blessings we enjoy. At the afternoon session all enjoyed a rare treat in a lecture given by Aid Folly on "Mothers' Work." followed by a quartette by President E. Lay-to- n assisted by Lottie Larson, Clare Brink-erhoand Cynthia Layton. President Andrew Kimball gave a discourse on various duties of the sisters and the brethren als;-Explained "mothers' work" and urged all to pursue this course diligently. Recommended the singing of a hymn bv the family before morning prayer. Home influence should be such that children will love to be at home. One of Sister E. R. Snow's poems, "An Address to Parents," was rendered by Sarah Webb. President Lay ton believed all felt renewed The sisters should donate spiritually. every month to the society, be it ever so little. Thought the Prophet Joseph set a worthy example to the brethren by his donation at the organization of the R. S and asserting that all his charitable acts from that time on should be through that organization. Conference adjourned for six months. again where pain and sorrow therefore are unknown; be it Resolved, that we tender to her bereaved sons and daughters our heartfelt sympathy, and trust their they will be comforted in the assurance that and a to has but not brighter mother h dead, gone betttr world. Be it further Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions ba likepresented to the family of the deceased, and wise be copied and placed on the records of the Relief Society and a copy smt to the Exponent and our local paper for publiction. "Gone from the home of earth, Followad by deepest love. To taste of the higher birth To dwell in the courts above." we hope to meet her Agnes C. Douglas, Clarissa J. Moore, Martha B. Symons, resolutions of respect. Whereas God in his infinite wisdom has seen fit to call from our midst our beloved President, and Whereas we recognize in Sister Elizabeth Berry a faithful wnd energetic worker, therefore be it. Resolved by the sifters of the Cedar Fort Relief Society that we mourn her loss, but that we ap-- J preciate the purity of her lite ana tne wortny ex- ample she set for us to follow. Resolved, that we extend to the bereaved our sincere sympathy and pray God thaf his comforting influence may be with them and lead them to know that what is their loss is the Fathei's gain. Be it further Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be spread upon the record of the society, one copy sent to the family, and one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Emeline Dubois, Sec. Sa-mant- ha ff . Sarah Webb, Cor. Sec. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT SISTER B. JANE LUCE SIMONS i IN MEMORIAM. Celinda Hannah Martin widow of the late Josiah Fleming Martin, died on February 14, 1904, at the home of her daughter, in Salina, Utah. Mrs. Hans. J. Gottfredson. of general debility, having been afflicted fcr several years. Sister Martin was born in Marion County, Ohio, on the 29th of February, 1832, moved with her father's family, in her childhood, to Illinois, where in course of time she married, and moved with her husband to 'Winder Quarters', on the Missouri river, crossed the plains for Utah in the year, 1852. Moved later to Salt Lake City where they remained until the Move, and then located in Payson, moved from there to Moroni, San Pete, and from there to Salina in the year 1865; were compelled to leave Salina on account of Indian troubles in 1866, and located at 'Old Chicken Creek' where they remained until the of Salina in 1871, where they made their future home. Sister Martin was a true and faithful Latter-daSaint, unassuming, and kind to a fault, and a faithful worker in the Relief Society, and a steady subscriber to the Woman's Exponent. She was the mother of seven children, four of whom preceded her to the great beyond, a son and two daughters survive her, with a host of grand-chilen and many sincere friends. The Funeral services were held on Tuesday the 16th inst , and were well attended. The Speakers were, Elders William McFadyen, Niels C. and Ex. Bishop James S. Jensen. Appropriate music was rendered by the Ward choir. A large cortege followed the remains of our beloved sister to their last resting plaee. The grave was dedicated bv Elder James S. Jensen. y d' Ras-mnss- tribute of love. V Sister Christina Liijenquist was born in Tyen. Denmark Jan. 13, 1822, joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, Sept. 18, 1852, and arrived in Utah Sept 13, 1857. Amorist the many good things said at her funeral we quote the following and would add she was a constant subscriber to the Woman's Exponent an i said on one occasion to the editor she would willingly go without one meal a day rather than do without it for it had been such a comfort to her, Bar-lois- e, Born December 1, 1S34, near Silver Creek, county, New York; died January 14, 1904, at Payson Citv, Utah. Whereas, the Supreme Ruler of the universe has called from our midst by death our beloved sister, Jane Luce Simons, and whereas she was president of the Payson Relief Society for twenty-fou- r years (previous to the division of Payson into two wards'), performing the duties of said calling in the fear of God and for the benefit of the sick and afflicted, thereby gaining the good will and affection of her associates snd friends, being an honor to her sex, endowed with the Charm of a gracious presence and a refining power, which she carried into all the walks of li e in which her lot was cast. And whereas she was a resident of the Payson First ward, and was respected and honored by all, irrespective of sex or cree I, we therefore feel that we have lott a wise counselor and a true friend; but know our loss is her eternal gain, and Cha-tauq- glowing tribute from a loving friend. "Sister Liljenqmst, our beloved President, dear friend and mother, whose body lies befoae us to- day, came to Hyrum with her husband and family in the summer of 1862. In 1863 her husband was called as bishop of Hyrum, and her responsibilities and cares ere many She was my neighbor and I learned to love and esteem her for her many good qualities, for her faith and courage in times of "trial and poverty and her devotion to her husband and v children and kindness as a neighbor. On May 9th, 1869, Sister Liijenquist was called as counselor to Sister Barnum in the Relief Society of Hyrum, which position she filled with honor for two years, wtun Sister Barnum resigned and Sister Liijenquist was sustained as president. She acted in this won capacity twenty years with great success and the love of her sisters and the gratitude of the sick, afflicted and downcast She never turned the needy away, but instead said, 'If we empty onr treasury we will get more.' She was very humble and her whole desire was to honor the priesthood and serve the Lord, and through her humility and faith she gained the confidence of her brethren and sisters. Her charity never failed she spoke well of all. She was always ready and willing to respond to every call from the priesthood. During this time Sister Liijenquist was called on a mission to work in the Logan temple, in company with her husband, which mission she faithfully performed for two years when they were honorably released. She was beloved and kind'y remembered by the temple workers. She was honorably released from her office as President of the Relief Society May 9th, 18S9. on account of old age. Sister Liijenquist was a faithful and true wife and mother and her greatest pride was in her children and grand She has passed through many trials and children. r r i r r J .Ui. l - , anu iiue,. uas iuukui uiC nas oeen iauntui guuu fight and will receive her reward with the faithful in the celestial kingdom of God." The members of the Relief Societies sent many beautiful floral emblems, and one deserving especial mention was a design "Gates Ajar." The entire community mourns the loss of this good woman. 1 1. 1 3 . 1 OBITUARY. AT REST. Sister Lucinda Curtis passed away on the 26th Sbe was born in day of lanuary, 1904. Scarborough, Cumberland county, Maine, January 14, i8u. She was the daughter of Lydia Smith and Dominicus Carter. They were with the Saints in an early day, and passed through some of the persecutions. Ilsr mother died when she was about seven years old ; her father went to Far West to see about burial things, but was chased back by the mob, only escaping by the darkness coming on, the mob stopping at the top of a hill, while at the foot of the hill the tongue of Brother Carter's wagon had come down, and he was obliged to stop and fix it; but the mob did not know this, and he was able to escape. He returned home, rolled his wife in a sheet, and thus she was buried. I have heard the deceased relate many other sad scenes that they passed through, and declared their lives were only spared by the power of- God. Lucinda Carter and Ezra H. Curtis were married December 18. 1846, at Mount ' In: r risgau, rouawatamie county, lowa. Came to Salt Lake in 1851, in Captain Home's company, ' and on to Provo, where they made their home .iiobi 01 me time untu is ,5, waen they moved to Sevier county, took up land and made them a new home. Sister Carter was president of the Salina Relief Society for three years, and was elected president of the Aurora Relief Society March 18, 1883, and served until February, 1901, and was released on account of poor health. The writer of this sketch worked with Sistar Carter for eight years, and can therefore bear testimony that she was a faithful worker, never ceasing, never tiring, but boldly struggling to the end. She was a woman of rare ability m looking after the affairs of her society. Sister Carter passed through mony hardships, being ont of those called to go and settle Iron county in an early day. She never became rich in this world's goods, but was ever willing to share with those in need. She was one of those brave spirits who were ever ready to assist in the up building kingdom of God. We all learned to love her, and feel to mourn her loss. There were few like her She had a paralytic stroke, and was unable to speak from Wednesday until the following Tuesday, when she passed peacefully away. - i- nn . RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas, our heavenly Father has called her to a higher sphere; therefore Resolved, that we extend our to the bereaved husband and children, sympathy and cherish the memory and strive to emulate her noble works Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be sent to her childran, also to theW Oman's Exponent for publication, and be placed upon the rcords of the Aurora Ward Relief Society. Laura Whipple Holdaway. 