WOMAN'S 36 Woman's Exponent EMMEl.lSh B. U El.Lb. Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, one copv one year $1.00; one copy six months No reduction made for clubs. City papers dehv-;re- d 50 cts by mail, extra for postage one yeai, 2s cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpanel Advertising rates: dis space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton. South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., ever) day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E B. WELLS, Utah-Term- Salt Lake City. Utah S Entered at the tost matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah. as tcond-cla- ss Salt Lake City, Utah, November, 1904 RELIEF SOCIETY NOTICE The Stake Secretaries of 'heRelief Society in the several starts of Zion, also in missions and in branches of the Society not in-- c uded in takes or missions, are hereby nctified to prepare comph te annu .1 reports, statistical and financial, dating from January i, 1904, to December 31, 1904, and forward the same to the General Secretary, Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, net later than the middle of Fc ruary, 1905. Wherever the Relief Society owns buildings, halls or granaries it is desirable that information should be made a separate item, and how many in the stake, and in what wards located; also any other impoitant facts that would be of interest to the general officers. -- Emmeline B. Wells, General Secretary. PEACE DEMONSTRATION. A Peace meeting was held in Barratt Hall, Salt Lake City, Wednesday, October 5, 1904, at 8 p. m. Advertising had been done through the papers and many personal invitations given. Th chairmen and members of the committee both oi the N. W. R. S. and Y. L. M I. A. were very busy for sometime befoiehand holding meetings and making plans for this public meeting. It was the week of the International Peace held in Boston, Congress which was Massachusetts. Personal letters were addressed to ministers of various denominations asking them to preach sermons or give addresses on Peace and Arbitration on Sunday, October 2, or at some other conven'ent time. This request met with general approval and most of the ministers took up the subject, thus the peace sentiment was pretty weil ventilated beforehand. Mrs. Emily S. Richards of Peace committee from the N. W. R. 3 and Mrs. x Ruth of Peace c mmittee from Y. L. M. I. A. with coworkers prepared and sent out circulars of instructions to the Presidents and Superintendents of Associa tions in all the Stakes, counties, etc., and set the ball rolling. Barratt Hall was appropriately decorated wr.h and the peace colors and three iard-o-- e peace flags as also the stars and s'.r.ZKh zCAntd the large and commodious members of mmmirfpp arrJ cwaV. s.itrorj. rTiozt peace colors in ribbon badges. b.-in-g M.-Fo- - EXPONENT It is very evident that the and territories. is spreading and many sentiment peace the are advantages of settling seeing people affecting peoples and nations grave questions such as of a of arbitration, means court by of the some considered now by is being world. civilized the in affairs of men ablest in an women Meanwhile organized capaincity are bringing to bear their utmost of true ideal of this higher fluence in favor civilization, instead of encouraging war and bloodshed, and assuredly with the combined iofiuence ot the best elements of society waging a moral and spiritual warfare against taking up arms, and fighting for commercial interests, or "right of way" that can be better obtained by pacific measures there will soon be a cleaner and purer and more loving metlud o! meeting one's country's foes than shooting on sight and showiug no mercy. His Excellency Governor Heber M. Wells presided at the meeting. The speakers and other distinguished visitois with the committee (ccupied seats on the platform. Reverend W. H. Fish opened the meeting with prayer and the famous quartette Messrs. Spencer, Pyper, Whitney and Patiick rendered gloriously, "A Flag with out a Stain." Mr. Walter Wallace in his wondrous baritone voice sang "The Wanderer." Governor Wells in his most lLimitable style made an opening address, expressing his interest in the cause and his appreciation of the efforts being made to secure settlements of difficulties between nations by a court of Arbitration, atid introduced in a pleasing manner Major Richard W Young grandson of the Hon Brigham Young as the first speaker of the evening, saying that though he was a man of war having been a cadet from West Point served his country well in the Philipmes, and so forth yet he was nevertheless narodox cai as it might seem emphatically in favor ol Major Young's address has been peace. published in lull in the Deseret Evening News. This fine address was a masterly effort throughout and enthusiastically received and heattily applauded. A song by Miss Agatha Berkhoel was beauti ully rendered her voice reaching very high notes clear and melodi usly. At the conclusion of Major Young's address Mrs.E. B Wells read the Peace Resolutions and Gov. Wells called for the vote which was unanimous. The audience was honored by the presence of the Hon C. V. Gerretsen of Amsterdam, Holland, who had been a delegate from Holland to the Interparliamentary Peace Congress in St. Louis held there in September. The gentlemen made a most unique address giving a history ot the Interparliamentary Peace Union League, the nature oi its Congresses and what had been done through the organization towards securing certain measures for the cau-e- . It will be remembered by our readers that it was the delegation from this Congress that presented to President Roosevelt the Resolutions passed by them in St. Louis and which were so favorably received by the Chief Executive and almost immediately acted upon. Mr. Gerretsen gave the audience an entirely different version of the Interparliamentary Union to what had been previously thought, the manner of taking up these international differences, and gave us new light on the subject. Mrs. C. F. Wilcox read in a very effective manner Rudgard Kipling's "Recess- EDITORIAL NOTES- We hope our readers will excuse our not publishing in this i sue of the paper the minutes of the General Relief Society Confer-eivheld in October last, but we will certainly include it in the U.cember number. e The meeting of the Daughters of the Pioneers was held on October 24'h, in the B e Hive house, the president, Sister Alice Merrill Home, presiding. Hymn ' Guide us. O thou Great Jehovah," was sung. "Wanderings in the Wilderness," by Leo-norTaylor Harrington, brought vi id pictures before the mind. "Reminiscences of Nauvoo," by Sister Christiana D. Pyper, who when a little hl knew Joseph Smith the Prophet. "Reminiscences from Nauvoo to Winter Quarters," by Rachel E.Woolley Simmons, was a very well wiitteh and , papt-rgiving the eaily 15 fa in the Church of Bishop Edwin D. and Mary a with the Prophet Woolley, their Joseph Smith, and their travels westward. A handsome b.iok suitable for a center table has just been issued from the press, very suitable and just in time for the Christmas season. The author is very well known to our readers and to all Latter-daSaints, through her numerous poems and other writings for more than thirty years. L L. Greene Richards has a happy faculty of writing children's short stories and veises. The book has a childien's department. The feature f the book most likely to catch the eye of the Latter day Saint is the Book of Mormon p ems. It is a new ional" poem. depaiture and opens up an untrodden field The Reverend Mr. Fish who occupies the for the pen of the poet. The title of the pulpit in the Unitarian Church was the book is in itself suggestive, "Branches last speiker of the evening and in a very That Hang Over the Wall," and the artisfor the cover by her son who eloquent address gave many astonishing tic de.-ig-n facts, most effectively embellishing his parlately returned f:o:u Paris, very appropriPrice, $1.50. agraphs with bri liaut oratory: though the ately illustrates the subject. hour was growing late y?t the audience with rapt attention to every word, j The regular monthly meeting of the as he told tnem ot bis own knowledge of Daughters of the Revolution was held on the ravages of war in countries he had Monday, October 17, 1904, at the residence of Judge and Mrs. W. H. King, Military visited The meeting adjourned sine die. The Ave , in this city. The parlors were beauladies of the committee feel greatly encour- tifully decorated with autumn flowers, and aged in the work and honored by these dis- the club colors with the Stars and St'ipes. The day was a st.rmy one but the meeting tinguished gentleman so graciously acceptwas fairly well attended, and Mrs. King ing invitations to speak at this Woman's makes a charming hostess. Regent Mrs Pea-- e meeting, also for the response made Phebe to the request sent out for meetings to be Young Beatie presided, and after held throughout Utah and adjoining states opening prayer, reading of minutes and miscellaneous business, Mrs. Mary A. H. Can- y i 