WOMAN'S MOTHERS WORK. Lecture i. Honesty. "The honest man though e'er so poor, Is king o men for a' that." Burns. i. Children are prone to exaggerate. 2. Fear of punishment leads to prevarication. 3. Truthfulness in children may be encouraged, if due diligence be exercised by parents and teachers. (Ref. Doc. and Cov. Sec. 93: 3; Prov. 13, Prov. 12: "Lies may be light and accidental, but they are an ugly soot from the pit, and it is better that our hearts should be swept clean of them, without our care as to which Ruskin. is the largest or blackest." 40; B. their intellectual culture been by the of literary clubs. 5-- 6). Stealing. 2. Par1. Envy leads to stealing. ents should provide for the reasonable wants of children. 3. The only atonement for theft is confession, and restitution where possible. (Ref. Exodus 20: 15; Doc. and Cov. Sec. 83: 4). - vice-preside- Lecture IL. Reverence. ''Fear mingled with respect and esteem." A. Reverence for God. The name of God not to be used in vain. (Ref. Exodus 20: 7). 2. Silence during prayer in home and 1. church. B. Reverence for Priesthood. (Ref. Doc. and Cov. Sec. 107: 4; 64: 34-3- 7; Numbers 16: 36). Courtesy to the Church officers. C. Reverence for Holy Things. 1. Behavior in church. 2. Gospel of be should reverently. spoken topics 3. Reverence for the aged. "Speak to them gently, treat them with care Give them the fireside's easiest chair, They wept for you once parental tear, Don't let them weep now, smooth the gray hair." Lecture III. Discipline in the Home. "True devotion melts distrust. the sun dispels the snow, And too much tierce and ardent heat Will dry the fullest fountain too." As A. Devotion in the Home. and Cov. Sec. 93: 40-4- 5; (Ref. Doc. an article written by President Jos. F. Smith published in Era, Dec. 1903, page 135). B. Disobedience.. (Ref. I Samuel 15; Book of Mormon Genesis 4: II Nephi 5: 20: 25. 8-- 15; C. Obedience. (Ref. Eph. 6: 15). "And e'er before him who in faith goes, The rcanna falls, the sea divides, The desert blossoms as the rose And all things good his Lord provides. ' i. How obedience may be obtained in the home. 2. Punishment is occa3. Rule in the sionally necessary. home does not mean tyranny. D. System. 1. Routine duties of parents to children's growths. 2. Idleness to be discouraged. 3. Habits of neatness and ogan-izatio- n Mrs. Swift's presidency has thus far been marked by great energy and zeal, and the work planned for the coming year imExodus 20: 7). plies that the council will have little leisure 1. Children should not be allowed to until after the next triennial. The election of representatives for the associate with profaners. 2.- Parents Berlin quinquennial was of primary imporshould set proper example. tance. Prior to the election, Mrs. Swift B. Observance of Word of Wisdom. (Ref. announced that she had asked the Rev. Doc. and Cov. Sec. 89). Anna Howard Shaw to act as her proxy. 1. Self respect in children. 2. Self Although Mrs. Swift expects to he present in Berlin, she felt it desirable to have a to as condress to and respect body, versation. proxy on the ground so that, if for any reason she was not able to be present at Lecture V. Courtship and Marriage. every session, the council should not go A. Courtship. unrepresented; and, moreover, she felt it 1. Early courtship and prolonged desirable to have a proxy with whom she courtship to be discouraged. 2. Chil- could confer upon all matters upon which dren should be instructed by parents, the council will be called" upon to act in its previous to marriage as to the duties of executive capacity. The election resulted as follows: married life. 3. Parents should exerMiss Susan B. Anthony was elected by cise great wisdom in assisting their children in the choice of life partners. acclamation the first delegate. Mrs. Ida Husted Harper her alternate. B. Marriage. (Ref. Doc. and Cov. Mrs. Kate Waller Barret'", the representaSec. 132. tive in the National Council of the Florence Crittenden Mission, and the 1. Early marriages to be encouraged. of the American Council is the other delegate. Lecture VI. The Nursery. Mrs. Hannah G. Solomon, the president 1. Children should have a room in of the National Association of Jewish Wothe home where they may indulge men, was chosen to be her alternate. Mrs. Ellen A. Richardson was elected to freely in their play. 2. Acts of selfishness in the nursery should be checked. be the "speaking representative" of the 3. Mothers should plan the games of American Council. children. 4. Energy of children should Mrs: Isabella Charles Davis to be her not be checked too much but directed. alternate. A word of expnation of the phrase 5. Mothers strive to make home the most pleasant place in the community. "speaking representative" seems desirable. 6. When punishment is necessary it At the Dresden session of the International should be tempered with kindness. Executive last August, it was decided that the second public meeting of the council at Louisa Haight, Prest., the quinquennial at Berlin, which will ocLavinia Bates, A. Maude Thomas, Counselors, cur on the evening of June 9th, shall be devoted to the presentation of the national Secretary. Robbins, Lucynthia councils constituting the International, and that the program shall consist of an address THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF necessarily limited to six minutes in length, WOMcN. by one representative from each of the affilcouncils. It was ordered that each iated Woman's Exponent. Editor The days immediately succeeding the speaker should be invited to make a conof the characteristic feaadjournment of the annual executive of the densed statement work in her own country council of National Council of Women were so full of tures in which the and manner work that it was quite impossible to send and of the degree a leport of the interesting session to you. work of her national council fosters the Now it is too late for a report, but not too spirit of internationalism. Seme criticism has been made of the time late to convey to your readers information set for these addresses, but with perlimit from of letters for which the receipt many us are writers their haps twenty affiliated councils to hear from, many quarters shows a program allowing six minutes to each record is too to late it waiting. Neither afford two hours of steady speaking. will the universal pleasure among those present at tht sessions of the executive conference. Allowing for the opening and the closing With four important exceptions, all of the and the necessary intervals between the national organizations belonging to the speeches, although the management may council were represented by their presi- be perfect and this inevitable loss of time be reduced to a minimum, the entire prodents and delegates or proxies and altergram will cover two hours and a half. To nates. be fair, each council must be permitted the As fraternal delegates, Miss Louise Lee same time. Should it be urged that the or the councils having the Hardin, editor of the Business Woman's oldest councils, or those representing WoBusiness membership, of the largest Journal and president be given more should the largest tenitory, men's Club, and Mrs Bradford, the presibe reminded must that each and one of Federation time, dent of the Colorado State are of these all opposed to the suggestions Clubs, were present. They were given the of which value the council idea, abounding courtesy of even the business sessions as council the in that the rests fact, respects auditors, and were both invited to speak at numerical nor extent neither is a geographical Miss Hardin session. very an evening desire to value enthusiastic advocate of the organization of strength, and that it is the reference to exclusive with council business woman. She believes tha- the every of is what essentially charbe as the contribution pecuniary interests of women may in its nationality. much fostered by such organizations as has acteristic 34-3- A. Tiuthfulness. 19-2- 79 cleanness to be formed. 4. Responsibility of a portion of home life should be placed upon each child. Lecture IV Evil Habits in Children. A. Profanity. 7; (Ref. Matt. 5: STAKE. CASSIA EXPONENT - nt 