WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 46 Comforts to eat and to wear; Silence but shone in each glowing face, Happiness! and to spare. Blankets soft as the young lambs fleece, Scarlet ard blue and gray; Robes of the bear and the lion, these Were their gifts for her that day. Goose and turkey and btef, Each man had done his will; Pastry and fruits from the baker's chief; Candies and nuts until, Everything had been put in place, Then they took one more look Up to the mantle, rude, but graced With gifts upen every hook; Looked once' more at the sleepers there, Then as a chicken crew Started and stared! "Well, I'll declare! Good bye Merry Christmas to you!" Out on the faintly growing dawn The bells rang merrily, She listened until the sounds were gone, Then sank on bended knee. Then as she piled her fire anew And spread her table clean, Thesunlight entered the windows through And lighted the blessed scene. 'Mama," Mary's waking voice called out O, have you come? We've been Just as good as O! what's that?" Her shout awakened the little men. No need now to say more of this; Every Christmas morn, Every household knows the bliss That comes to the Christian born. As though forgetting everything Bright little Dick made pause "I dreamed that I heard sleigh bells ring I knew i" was Santa Claus " And as Dan's wandering eye fell on Robe of lion and grizzly bear He cried "Oh, '"Santa Claus has gone And left his furs! See there." When the sleigh and the flying four reached town, It was all awake with noise, And the Grocer's friends had gathered 'round, To welcome back "the boys." They leaned in silence, anxious for The tale told soft md low, And then they joined in a big "Hurrah" For the Woman in the Snow! But they never thought to cheer again For the hearts and deeds so good. They lifted above the gifts of men, The soul of womanhood. And they did not revel that day and night. As else they might have done; For the hurried hours had fanned a light 1 hat guided everyone. Augusta Joyce Crochhron. Erda. RELIEF SOCIETY SOCIAL. of the Leipzig branch, on Monday gave a coffee (barley) Germany, social in the L. D S. hall. Tables placed around the room looked so dainty, with their cream cloths, where the kuchen (cakes) were heaped later on. This society was organized about three months ago, and this the first event of a social nature, was given on Reformation Day, October 31st, which is a general holiday" in Germany, commemorating the day on which Martin Luther preferred his ninety-five charges against the Catholic church The Relief Society in 1517. It also partook of the nature of a farewell to President Charles J. Thomas, under whom the' were organized, and who has been called to preside over the work in another part of the vineyard. An interesting program was carried out of speeches, recitations and songs. One sister composed a song cf thankfulness for the organization of the society. A brother set it to music and two sisters sang it. Brother Kritchmar, in the name of all present, expressed gratitude to President Thomas and the writer for the organization of the Society. While coffee and kuchen were being seived, Herr Bertram, a professional on the piano, sang some of his own fine compositions, n trio was rendered by three young sisters, and Sister May C. Alder sang sweetly a couple of German Besides this two brothers and sissongs. ters recited. The writer was asked to speak. President G. Alfred Alder interpreted to the Saints. Elder Thomas interpret, d the Saints remarks to her. After the tables were cleared away some games were indulged in, much to the enjoyment of young and old. A few dances closed the festivities, and by 9 o'clock all were happily wending their way homeward. The Seoety is doing well and enjoy their labors. A few sick Saints claim their attention and care. They are in. a sound financial condition, and are great workers. President Gumtiar was ably assisted by her Counselors, Sisters Kretchmar, Loefier and L. D. A. Lydia D. Alder. THANKSGIVING. Thanksgiving is now considered by young and old to be one of the greatest and most glorious events of the entire year. It is a day on which we all seen to open our shut hearts freely, and tiy to make our homes cheerful and bright. As we all know; ' 'The heart has many passages Through which the feelings roam, But its middle aisle is sacred To the old, old home." At the call of our beloved President with gladness and gratitude and in conformity with the beautiful custom of our national life, we pay the tithe ot thankfulness to our Universal Father for His great mercy and goodness. Custom has broadened the horizon of the day, and made it more than one of mere We are all coming formal thanksgiving. to see that gratitude to God does not consist merely in prayer aud psalm and song, however beautiful and sincei e they may be, but rather in that ministry to men out of the store of all which comes to bless our life, because we are the children of God. It is fit and proper that we should remember the mercies of the year. The great tide of gcodness that has overflowed the shores of our humble life, the abundant prosperity that has rested upon all the land, the blessing of home and friends and simple faith and love, should make an indelible impression upon every heart. Of course, our own lives with their perils and needs, thtir problems and burdens, their mercies and gentle providences, are our first thought, and should rightly be. Our homes should be shelters where life's highest inspirations are given, a school where true training is imparted, that will develop men and women; filling them with reverence and e, self-contro- l. Mrs. Candland. Nov. 9 was Founder's Day at Mount The address was Holyoke College. President of Colorado ColSlocum given by e corner-stonot the new liand the lege, brary was laid on that day. MUSTY LEAVES, BROWN WITH AGE. Continued from page 43' At Christmas time, three years and more after Ned's absence, (as his friends sometimes called him) and the Squire's home was filled with Bristol friends, mostly young folks desirous of seeing a village Christmas festival, and the Squire had invited as many people from the mills as The dinner was could be accommodated as the day was but to be at five o'clock, foggy, the lamps were lighted early and gaiety seemed to reign within and without. The Hilliers and the Cousins were there, and many other mill hands. Mrs. Wind-eye- r seemed herself again, so old Dr. Gray-saito Fanny to whom of late he had been devoted; but Fanny and Mrs. Windeyer both seemed restless and apprehensive. Dinner was over and toasts weie being given, but there was an awkward pause, the guests not knowing exactly what would be fit to propose, for each one present realized the absence of the long-los- t son, who would have been the life of the company, in fact the sorrow on his account had been general in the community. Dr. Gray lifted his glass and was about to speak. He had made up his mind to propose a toast for the absent son, when the boy himself, alive and well, appeared upon the scene, fresh and blooming, in a costume, his sailor hat with its long streamers in hand, the golden curls tossed back, and collar thrown open, displaying a neck bronzed with sun and wind. All eyes were fixed upon him, and many a glass dropped from the hands that held them, shivering to atoms. Dr. Gray came to the rescue; not a word had been spoken, it was like the dead come back again, the doctor in a voice trembling with emotion lifted his glass, "Here's to the long-los- t lad leturned to gladden hearts and home!" "Speak, Edward, to your mother and fathd mid-shipmau- 's er." Coming out of the fog and darkness into the brilliant light, the young man was dazed and totally unprepared for the scene he had burst in upon; he came unannounced to surprise the family, thinking it would be a small party, though he had noticed the brilliant lights; but when he saw the villagers, many whom he had known, he was bewildered and soeechless He Oprasned 1 I the situation, however, and graciously withdrew, followed by his father, mother and brother. Very little was said, the company dispersed, Dr. Gray taking matters in hand, the villagers withdrew, the guests retired to their sleeping apartments, and Edward though much in need of rest could not sleep but sat long by the firelight of the Christmas logs wheu all the lamps were out, talking of his adventures to eager listeners. He had- - not intended to go to sea, not then, but he loved to see the ships sail out, and to talk to the sailors. He was down at the wharf and had been beguiled into one of the many drinking places where a crowd of fine, strong men were taking "grog" be- fore going on board a great whaling vessel that was anchored close by; he wanted to see the ship pull out. He drank with one of the lads, a fine young fellow about his own age, aud then went on board with him, intending to get ashore again vey soon, but he fell asleep, and when he woke, all was dark, and he could not recall where he was or how he came to be in such a strange place, for he could feel the motion of the 5 ' ' f I f 1 t f 