WOMAN'S International Council five years ago. There can be no doubt that the desire ot the German Committee of Arrangements to invite a just proportion of speakers from the It American Council is keen and sincere. is not improbable that the letters of invitation will have been received prior to our Executive. Then there must be a canvass to ascertain who among the invited can go. If, for any, it should prove impossible, then again, there will be an opportunity to nominate available substitutes. It is evident that the program for the approaching Executive (aside from the charming social entertainments which will be arranged for it, and the brilliant evening of public exposition with which it will entertain the public) will hold work enough of sufficient interest to induce the members of the Executive from far and near to meet in this fair city of the Middle West. Already it is known that the indefatigable President of the Council, Mrs. Mary Wood Swilt, who on Council business has already crossed the continent four times wTithin the last ten months, will make another long journey again from San Francisco to preside in person. May the loyalty of her associates attested by their presence, justify to her her own energetic services to the Council. ; May Wright Sewall. President of the International Council of Women. Henorary President of the National Council of the United States. child? Lecture IV. Pre-nata- the disposition and character of her children. State how her habits influence the child, (c) What special attraction should be given to dress. Lecutre V. Training Children at Home. "Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it." (a) Love and respect for parents, (b) Honor and respect for the priesthood, (c) Be kind to the aged, (d) Lecture VI. The wonderful power of seif control: 1. In replying to father's criticism. 2. Suppress fault finding in the whole family. 3. Confidence between mother and children sustained and encou-age4. Prayer the great key to a mother's success. Her example the guiding star. 6. The mother's influence in cultivating respect for the Priesthood and reverence for sacred things. IV. Sentiment. "The little children all are flowers sent, From heavenly gardens above. With minds as fresh as new turned earth To be planted deep wi'h love And the years of our care will quickly tell. On the flowers our Gardener loves so well." Maud Lima Betts. Proper Amusements. "Life is onlv too short at the best Let the children be happy today." (a) The reading of good books, (b) Telling of moral and Bible stories by mothers, (c) Music, (d) Proper games, (e) Why he is new. New inventions. New schools. New methods. New father. New mother. Why not new child? 1. New training necessary. 2. The new century will be the children's. 3. Jesus' words must be fulfilled: '"Except ye become as a little child." The new child. Allow the children to have things to work with, this will awaken within them a love for work as they grow older, for "An idle brain is the devil's work shop." (f) Allow plenty of play and exercise. V. Emily J. Anderson, Alice Marriage is ordained of God unto man Emma creation, and "Be filled with the measure of man, according to his creation before the world was made" (Doc. and Cov. 49 CACHE . Lecture I. Woolley, A. Judd. STAKE. Parents in the Home. Our children the mirror of the home. Love in the home. Confidence in the heme. in the home. Less work in the home. Play between parents and children. Music as 'a means of government. On these the March . No subjects 1903, of Chilfine is dren's Friend, used as a reference. - II. Father. "Give me for a friend a man. Who takes the children on his knee And winds their curls about his hand." Tennyson. (a) Moral and religious influences in the home, (b) Adorning and improving, (c) Affections and kindnessess. (d) Proper reading in home, (e) Family The 20th century father. prayer. Lecture III. Too much business. Respect for father as the bead. Sharing business affairs with mother and children, that they may help bear the burden. Confidence between father and children. His influence in family worship. "The divine motherhood and fatherhood never weary in well doing and never grows old." Motherhood and Maternity. What more charming sight than a rosy, robust young woman, full of vigor, life, strength, her step elastic, bounding, her face radiant, presence magnetic. To such, there need be fears, or forebodings in maternity? III. Mother. ' ' 'Oh mother love, love that no one ever forgets, Wonderful bread that God divides and multiplies, Table always spread beside the parental hearth Each one has its part of it and each one has it all." Victor Hugo. The greatest rights of the child today. 1. Better examples and suitable companions, 2. Organized material to play with. 3. To be sympathized with, stories told, songs and play. 4. To be treated courteously. 5. To be allowed to do as he wishes as long as it is right, if wrong direct him aright. 6. To be intelligently answered. To have his motive understood, and if wrong removed by reasoning. (Illustration). Motive for lying is oiten fear or vanity. 7. To be punished for the wrong, not to satisfy the parents, but to impress the child. 8. To be allowed to suffer the consequences of his own folly instead of corporal punishment. R. "God help us parents to live aright And may our homes all love and truth unfold, Since life for us no loftier aim can hold, Than leading children to the light." Marriage. (a) What is object of marriage? (b) Preparation of our lives before hand. (c) Kind of companion to choose, (d) Ordained by God. (e) Necessary for salvation of man (I Cor. ir. 11). (f) Relation and duties, (g) What is result of marriage if not performed in the Lord's house? Lecture II. Home. (a) Why is it necessary that a woman should be more spiritually minded during maternity than any other time? (b) What special benefits are derived by observing the word of wisdom during this period? (c) Show the benefit of a woman endeavoring to control more. Teach the children to sacrifice some of their pleasure for the happiness of others. that the earth might answer the end of its By the fire side still the light is shining The children's arms round the parents twining From love so sweet, O! who would roam? Be it ever so homely, home is home. Influences. l (a) Why is it necessary to cultivate a cheerful disposition and be fully occupied during maternity? (b) To what extent is woman responsible for TOOELE STAKE. 7)- Great responsibility of mother. Hearty co operation with the father in his religious government. Necessity of daily advancement of the mother as God's great teacher. Systematic work and order in every thing that we may have more time. Work less, direct her emotions, appetites etc. at this time; how would this effect the unborn MOTHERS' WORK. I5-I- EXPONENT VI. Neighbors. "Thy neighbor, it is he whom' thou, Has power to aid and bless.' Sentiment. "Today I shall love my neighbors and see in them only what God intended and what each of us longs and strives to be." 1. Selection of neighborhood when 2. Remedies for bettering possible. the neighborhood, if not desirable. 3. Visiting or gossiping with neighbors. 4. Evils of back-bitinon us, on our childien, on our neighbors. 5. Bring in the wayward children and play with them and our children, do not allow them to play together alone. 6. Teach our child that he (the wayward one) is not bad but injured oft by ignorant guardians. g, Edith Lamoreaux, Zina Young Card, Mary E. Smith, Julia A. Stewart, Lois Kerr, Committee. 