WOMAN'S EXPONENT. though nearly all were friends of long standing, and the social intercourse was the real charm of the gathering, and over the teacup or over the chocolate it is expected ladies express their views freely. However one need only say the entire affair including conversation, music, vocal and instrumental tea and service and all the accompaniments from going inside the door to the leave-takin"speed the parting guest," was an afternoon to be remembered for years afterwards, and the writer often thinks seriously in these gatherings of our sisters, shall we who are here today all ever meet again? Let us hope however, that we who assembled at the Doctor's party may meet again as happily as on that day. It seems formal to add that common-placsaying; geniality of spirit that characterized the whole affair was restful and most enjoyable. The writer on her own account and as editor of this little paper adds her congratulations and good wishes, having known Aunt Margaret intimately for many long years and in joy and in sorrow has always found her the same loyal friend. g e "Blest be that spot, where cheerfnl guests retire, To pause from toil around the evening fire Blest that abode where want and paia repair, And every stranger finds a ready chair." , BIRTHDAY GATHERING. The nineteenth of April ult., was the 8ist anniverstry of the birthday of Sister Margaret Pierce Young, wife of President Brigham Young, and herself a pioneer of 1847, coning into the valley in the famous company that followed the pioneers in May 1847, and located the "Old Fort" on Pioneer Square. Her father and mother, Brother and Sister Pierce, also brought with them in company with their daughter Margaret, Sister Eliza R. Snow, companion for Sister Margaret, her own sister Mary having died in Winter Quarters. Margaret P. Young was born in and reared in Chester Co., Penn, of Quaker parentage and still retains much of that native simplicity of manner and speech always and pleasing. Aunt Margaret as she is familiarly called by those who know her intimately, is still active in mind and body, and is fond of company and of society and able to do her own cooking and enjoys household employments. She is also a worker in the Salt Lake Temple. The evening of her birthday, about forty or fifty guests, relatives and friends assembled at the residence of her son, Elder B. Morris Young (by invitation), Sister Young has resided, since leaving the famous "Lion House" where she spent most cf her life, in the house with her son; the rooms were all opened for the occasion and prettily decorated with flowers and plants. Among the guests were Pi esident Joseph F. Smith, Dr. Seymour B. Young, President Frank Y. Taylor, Bishop Millen C. Attwood, Patriarch McGee, Elders Louis Kelch, George Crismon and Counselor Noah S. Pond cf Pocatello Stake and other brethren. President Bathsheba V. Smith of the general Relief Society, Sisters Julina L. and Edna L. Smith Amelia F. and Lizzie Riter Young, Annie Taylor Hyde and several other sisters, old friends and true, and many other women. There was some good music interspersed with conversation which was mostly of a reminiscent character, old times and doings of other days. Sister Margaret was the recipient of a number of presents and of many warm congratulations and good wishes for years to come. The feeling of genuine hospitality was delightful aad the coming together of old friends is always a sort af inspiration and the hours flew swiftly by. The refreshments prepared and served by Sister S. Young were delicious, and the no-ticab- Ar-me- 93 le da meetings to them. We sent two nurses to the class in Salt Lake and wished we could do more. The sisters are doing much good in charity with their cash and merchanThe dise, and we are working in union. Bishops meet with us and the Presidency of the Stake also. Counselor Elizabeth 3. Critchlow, Hy-ruStake: We have vicited all our branches, and we hold officers' meetings monthly; have not started our Mothers' GENERAL CONFERENCE RELIEF SOCIETY. work, but have had our outline printed, it The April conference of the General Rewill bring in a great many young mothlief Society was hell in the Assembly Hall, ers. We have our wheat stored in a good in this city, Saturday, April 2, meetings place. Sometimes the meetings are taken commencing at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. as to the homes of the sisters who cannot atusual. The stand was prettily decorated tend, and it seems to do good. with plants and the elegmt Relief Society President Artemissia S. Seegtniller, Kanab banner hung on the organ looked very apStake: Our stake is fully organized, and We are just all are doing good work. propriate. President Bathsheba W. Smith and all getting started in the Mother's work. Our the general officers and several members of young mothers cannot attend meetings the General Board were on the platform. much during the school year, and the President B. W. Smith presiding. young people generally are occupied with Conference opened with the hymn: "How Mutual Improvement and Sunday school firm a foundation," etc. Mrs. Maggie C. work. We are not storing grain as we do Hull, leading, Miss Lottie Owen, assistnot raise in that locality what we consume. ing, Mrs. Maria Francis, accompanist. May the Lord give us the spirit of this Prayer by the secretary, Sister E. B. Wells, work. President Marinda Bateman, Jordan Singing, "Guide us, O, Thou Great Jehovah." Stake: We are doing all we can in taking President B. W. Smith addressed the siscare of the poor and the sick and in storters. ing grain, and we sent three competent "My dear sisters, 1 greet you with a nurses to be trained, and we are anxious to have quite a number more. We are try hi g happy greeting, this is a fine looking congregation, I love the Relief Society and I to do every duty and keep pace with others pray the Lord to direct our efforts in the in the work. labor of love in which we are engaged, Sister Hull and Sister Burton sang a and for the the the which was very beautiful. duet sick, poor laboring , we treasures in and Annie S. President lay may needy, up Liberty aside from none ever new and weak in felt her the heaven, step Stake, position, she path of truth and righteousness. I pray had called two meetings, had worked with the Lord to direct every word that shall be the Y. L M. I A. for the last five years, but her sympathies had always been called spoken. We will have to make our speeches short, and we must condense our cut to the poor. She felt to do the best she thoughts. I believe in short speeches and could, relying upon the Lord in the pershort prayers. May the Spirit of the Lord formance of her duties. President Williamina Erickson, North be in this assembly. Amen " Rebecca Benson Rawlins President Sanpete Stake; We are trying to fulfill all stake: In our stake the poor have been requirements, and I am happy to say that especially well looked after in our wards the the young sisters are much interested in past winter. The Mother's work has been the Mother's work; our older sisters are a great help in bringing out many. We laboring and doing all they can for the sent three nurses to the last nurse class, and sick, they are doing a noble work in this that has only made us feel that we direction. We visit through the stake once need more The doctors found them very a year, and we are all united. The more we do the more Counselor Jane Holt, Davis Stake: We efficient helps. have commenced the Mother's work, and we find to do. President Susannah P. Booth, Box Elder are doing all we can in other directions in Stake: We are working in love and union. storing wheat and in caring for those who We have not done much The need assistance. We number nineteen branches. of died of the sickness of on account late this last Park at visiting Valley president to We in Grant. started Brother visit not We have hope to be diligent winter. yet in all faithful intend and but outside things. the starting settlements, President Louisa B. Benson, Oneida We as soon as the weather will permit. have been called upon to make 150 yards Stake: The Stake Board and workers are of carpet for the Logan Temple, also our united with each other. Our attendance president of Box Elder Stake wants us to has improved since we have had the Mothmake 150 yards for our Tabernacle in er's work, and the work has been beneficial. Brigham City. We joined with the Y. L. N. We have some grain stored, and we are M. I. A. to buy the carpet for the Tabercontributing towards the Woman's BuildMothers cannot always leave their ing, and the sisters are all anxious and trynacle. little folks to go to meeting, and we sym-thiz- e ing io enlarge the subscription for the Exwith the mothers who cannot get to ponent. We have it in each ward in our meetings, on our tables, so that the sisters the meetings. President Mary A. Sorenson, Emery can get all the instruction possible. President E!izabeth DeLong, Panguitch Stake: We have a noble band of workers. We have started tbe mothers work. We sent Stake: We are working in perfect harour outline to be approved and have had it mony, our bran:hes are fully organized, back again and scattered copies among the but we have long distances to travel and sisters, and the Y. L. M. I. A. are helping cannot visit any in the winter, it is so very their mothers. If we find aged sisters who cold and dangerous even for men. Our cannot attend the meetings we take the main object is charity and Mother's work m Mu-.ser- 