WOMAN'S 4 Woman's Exponent E MM E LINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one year $1.00; one copy six months. No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv-;re- d 50 cts by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel A liberal disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post iecond-clas- s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as Salt Lake City, Utah, June, THIRTY-THIR- D 1904 VOLUME. This number of the paper opens the year of the Woman's Expon- thirty-thir- d ent, and one cannot help feeling there is some prestige attached to a woman's paper that has stood so long for the best princiFor the ples of right and righteousness. work of women along all lines that are really uplifting, no one can deny, if careful investigation is made of what the paper advocates, that this is true. The women correspondents who contrib-e- d largely and often to its contents in the earlier volumes have many of them passed behind the veil, and some have perhaps grown weary of writing. In mentioning the names who did much to make a success of the undertaking we must of course pay the first tribute to Louisa L- Greene Richards (theu Miss Greene) the first editor; she is still prominent in literary work, but more for the children in the Juvenile Instructor, and seems especially adapted to that line ot work, which so few men, or women are qualified for. Our beloved poet, Eliza R. Snow, comes next in this case. How we all miss her We can never be brave, inspiring words! too grateful for her help in literary and organized work for women. Hannah T. King, every one will recall her prose as well as poetry. Mary Ellen Kimball, who wrote such sweet and humble testimonies of the Gospel and the Book of Mormon. Wilmirth East, who stood so strongly for woman's enfranchisement, and who reasoned logMary Ann Pratt, ically on principles of the Gospel, and our Oivn Emily H. Woodmansee, who gave us so much real, sound doctrine in her original poems, and who still lives, though we see and hear very little of her through the Exponent; now and then she wakes up to the occasion. Augusta J. Crocheron, who has written volumes of poetry and prose. We are often asked, "What has become of her?" She too mut have grown weary, though she has done such good work in the past and so much of it. There was one called "Hope," she is still living somewhere in Mexico, laboring hard in the Gospel field, we are told. She must be still in the prime of life and sometime we maj hear from her again. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp occasionally contributes yet, and we are always glad to hear from her, and Lydia D. Alder has done EXPONENT much towards helping the paper along she is now in Germany and might give us some spicy "write ups" of the Quinquennial. Dr. Romania B. Pratt, who was once on our list of contributors, seems to have forgotten all about it in her busy life for humanity. Annie Wells Cannon, with her large family of little folks and many household cares, finds time to give an occasional story or poem at Christmas time, and now that she is doing double duty in other ways with the Pioneer Stake of Zion, we can hardly expect very much from her, although the more one does the greater capacity one has for doing. We are all busy women in this Church, but we must necessarily do. a great deal of thinking, and ought to give expression to the best thoughts we have for the benefit of others who need it, or who may profit by it in days to come, for what "is written remains," and is on record. The Woman's Exponent is preserved, and it is precious to those who have an interest in woman's work. President Young was anxious the sisters should not only take the paper, but take care of it, lor 'it would be," he said, the "record of their lives and work," and this is true, and all who ex-- i amine its pages know it contains much useful information on many subjects and would help the young mothers in their homes, if they would read it with understanding hearts. It certainly ought not to lack for support to make it more regular and better worthy of the appreciation it de serves; if the sisters could only realize its importance they would not neglect to speak of it in their meetings, and urge its - A DECADE OF SERVICE. own fertile mind and brain and enlightened After learnthe world on their question. translated Miss Blackwell ing the language Armenian into English verse sixty poems. These represent a variety of authors, and she .has received many congratulatory news notices from the best papers in the United tates. Frances W.llard said: "These the deeppoems reveal as by a search-ligh- t est qualities of the Armenian character. They show forth an ingrained heroism and an ardent aspiration worthy of the martyr Christian century. people of this can read them woman or man No generous without instinctively desiring to send help to a people capable of thoughts so lofty and sentiments so tender." It was a fitting time to choose for such a commemoration and Miss Blackwell in her response to the address made in the presentation said: "Decoration Day which we are keeping all over the country, began forty years ago in memory and sorrow over We meet today under the dead We had all our sorrowful circumstances hearts wrung yesterday by reading of the slaughter of the inhabitants of forty-threArmenian villages. It does not seem like a time for feasting or rejoicing, but rather for a'l of us to be sad." The toastmaster of the occasion in introWe have ducing the next speaker, said: no king in this country, but we have a queen and she is with us tonight Mrs. Julia Ward Howe " Mrs. Howe, in opening her address, said: "I am almost as much overpowered as Miss Blackwell, who said that she might have to hide under the table. If I were young and active, I think I shouid myself execute such a manoeuvre." Mrs. Howe was followed by Mrs. Mary A. Livermore, who had driven from Melrose, eight miles in the rain to be present. Mrs. Howe is eighty-fivyears of age, Both these Mrs. Livermore eighty-fouwomen had done very much for the Armenian cause and related many experiences. The other speakers were Isabel C Barrows, William Loyd Garrison, Henry B. Blackwell and Prof. Wm G. Ward. Prof. Ward spoke of the American battleships then in the Mediterranean and urged that petitions be sent to Secretary John Hay, asking him to have these ships used to overcome the Sultan and in connection with other powers to put an end to the Armenian atrocities. " The entire proceedings were full of interest, music, poetry and song, all significant of gratitude. A flashlight photograph was taken at the table the Archbishop at the head, Mrs. Howe next, Mrs. Livermore close by. The Archbishop and Dr. Isaac, in the dark, flowing robes of the Armenian clergy, with "ecclesiastical jewels on their breasts," but were st'll more adorned by their beards worn after the fashion of the Eastern lands. d e e r. Everybody knows the name of Lucy Stone; throughout the length and breadth of this land, and even lands afar off, her name has become a household word because of her great work for woman and for humanity. Her daughter, Miss Alice Stone Blackwell, has followed in her mother's footsteps and with the larger opportunity afforded woman may even accomplish greater things. At Fanueil Hall, Boston, on May 30, a banquet was given by the Armenians in honor of Miss Blackwell, because of the loving service she had rendered to that oppressed people for ten years. She was presented on this occasion with a beautid ful portrait of herself, painted by an Armenian artist. The portrait was covered with American and Armenian flags, and placed in the center of the decorated platform of the hall. About two hundred Armenians and a sprinkling of Americans sat down to an excellent supper enlivened by music." Archbishop Hovsef Seiadjian gave the "grace" at table. Two little Armenian children unveiled the portrait after the banquet, and the audience The Archbishop read applauded warmly. a document in Armenian which was translated by Rev. Dr. Theodore Isaac, and set forth in glowing terms the indefatigable labors and sympathy of Mi-- s Blackwell during the days of dire suffering and affliction that came upon that persecuted race. It is quite impossible to tell 'what this young woman has done, but in the study of their literature she has enriched her now-a-days- , life-size- mag-nificie- nt BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. The birthday anniversary of the great leader, pioneer and president, Brigham Young, which occurs June first, was observed this year with an immense gathering of relatives, and friends in the G anite Stake house. This celebrated man was born June 1, 1 80 1, and would therefore have been one hundred and three years old were he living. 