WOMAN'S LECTURE VI. GENERAL EXPONENT RETRENCHMENT MEETINGS. The sisters are well aware that for more than thirty years meetings have been held in the 14th ward Assembly Divine Rooms. The (a) 1. By instruction, inspiration subject of retrenchment was introduced (c) Preaching. by President Brigham Young as (b) Revelation, 2. By research, (a) Bible, (b) Book of early as in the "Sixties" at a time when Mormon, (c) Doctrine and Covenants, (d) this people seemed inclined to follow after Pearl of Great Price, (e) Inspired Ser- the fashions of the world in some lines, and mons and Epistles, (f) By works and ap- as President Young was an economist, he counseled the older sisters to be careful plication of knowledge. and set an example worthy of emulation by the women of the younger generation. SisLECTURE VII. ter M. Isabella Home was asked to take G. Relief Society Work. charge of these meetings by President Young; and the first meeting was Leld in 1. By visiting the sick and needy, (a) the 15th ward school house and from there Necessities, (b) Helpful labor, (c) Cheer- adjourned to the 14th ward Assembly ful entertainment, (d) Refreshments, (e) Rooms where they have been held ever Flowers. since. Associated with President Home in (a) Encour2. By assisting the poor, this organization were Sisters Eliza R. Procomforts, (c) agement, (b) Sharing Snow, Zina D. Young, Bathsheba W. Entertainments. labor, (d) viding Smith, Phebe W. Woodruff, Marinda N. the downcast, (a) 3. By encouraging Hyde, Sarah M. Kimball and Margaret T, Establishing confidence in themselves, (b) Smoot. Of the original number only two remain Showing the mercy of God. (c) Teaching them to look to the future and not despair. M. Isabella Home and Bathsheba W. 4 Care of the aged, (a) Supplying needs, Smith. It is not the intention to give at this time (b) Lightening their labors, (c) Cheering their lives by proper attention. a sketch of this association but as the meet5. By proper care of the dead, (a) Preings are now discontinued, and as we have dressand minutes of several meetings on hand that (b) Washing clothing, paring the not been printed we will make a. brief had away. (c) laying body, Properly ing mention of these last meetings. October 17, 1903, there was a good attenLECTURE VIII. dance Sister E. J. Stevenson presiding in H. Sustaining the Priesthood. the absence of Piesident Home, the usual exercises of singing, etc., and prayer was 1. (a) Encouraging confiBy word, offered by Sister Mary Alice Lambert, after dence in individuals who preside, (b) Deremarks by Sister Stevenson upon the Sabof the decisions authority by fending given bath day and instructions in the way of exmemChurch (c) Encouraging priesthood, hortation, Counselor, Sarah Jenne Cannon of bers in the performance of duty. the Relief Society, Salt Lake Stake of Zion, 2. By works, (a) Responding to calls, spoke very feelingly of the work of Sister (b) Fostering mission work, (c) VolunHome and ber Board they had visited wards already the present year twenty-twtary contribution of means. and were intending to visit all before the cold weather, she expressed herself forcibly LECTURE IX. in regard to the care of the poor and other Woman's Duty and Influence in the State. matters of importance. Sister Maria Corbett, Martha Read, Sarah I. Privileges and Responsibilities. Rushton, Marr Campbell, Mary P. Silver and Sisters Madsen, Stilton, Peterson and 1, Utah compared with other states, (a) Lundgreen bore strong testimonies of the Equality of men and women. truth of the Gospel. Sister Mary A. Lambert said she had a testimony of this wcrk LECTURE X. when a very little girl, Sisters Mary Mair, Seabeck, Wilson, Jones, also bore testimony J. Training of Future Citizens. and Elizabeth Pail spoke of her many years in the 10th ward, she also offer1. Duty of bearing children, (a) The presidency for ed all the sick and afflicted in prayer family the foundation of the state, (b) De- which the sisters all united. crease of children in the American home. Sister Catherine Layne felt the prayer would be answered and the sick recover LECTURE XI. who had been specially mentioned. K. Sisters Buzzo, Langton, and others spoke 1. Home instruction and training, (a) on faith and humility. Sisters E. Webb How mothers may train children in citi- and J. C. Howe spoke upon the education zenship, (b) Introduction of God and and training of the children properly. The Godliness into affairs of State. benediction was pronounced by Sister A. F. Wardoup. LECTURE XII. At the meeting in November, Saturday nth, opening prayer was offered by GenL. Mothers of Great Men. eral President Bathsheba W. Smith, the 1. Great men's acknowledgment of their subject of the first part of the meeting was Sister Home's faithfulness for so many to The their mothers, (a) obligations hand that rocks the cradle,, etc. (b) Exam- years, and of the near approach of her 85th ples and precepts. birthday, also spoke upon charity for each Amanda Done, other; prophecies of Joseph Smith now being fulfilled. Sisters Davis S. J. Cannon, M. Grace T. Anderson, Morris, E. Paul H. Peterson, E. Langton, Ella B. Iverson, N. Saunders and H. Lapish all spoke en Committee. F. Individual Development, Spiritual. semi-monthl- y o 15 couragingly and urged all to faithfulness, and also referred to the trials of the people in the past as contrasted with the present time. General President Bathsheba W. Smith spoke of the temple work and urged the sisters to be diligent in doing their temple work; reerred to the Book of Nephi where it spoke of the Savior appealing to the people, how He healed the sick and afflicted, and blest them, said "The Lord will lift the cloud from us if we will be humble and true to our covenants." Sisters Niebaur Nelson and Peterson spoke upon sympathy, Sisters Luff and De Mott bore faithful testimonies. Meeting adjourned until Saturday after Christmas. At the meeting December 26, 1903, Counselor Elizabeth Webb presided, prayer was ofFered by Counselor S. J. Cannon. Sister Webb addressed the sisters upon purity of life, rectitude of conduct and the guidance of our children. Sister Amelia F. Wardroup thought we should keep our promises to our children and to one another, that confidence may not be weakened and we should keep the covenants we make with the Lord, for He is true to His children. . H owe said the love of Sister Julia C God is with us when we do right we should walk in the straight and narrow way that leads to life and salvation. Counselor S. J. Cannon thought we should be careful in our conversation; if we cannot speak well of any one it is not necessary to speak of them at all; told the sisters that President Home was very sick; she had sent her love to the sisters and hoped she would soon be able to meet with them again. Sister Jane C. Young thought we should always keep faithfully the promises we make, related an instance where a child's confidence was utterly destroyed by a broken promise. Sister Langton spoke of the trying times in which we are living, these persecutions are for good, but only those who live near to the Lord will come off triumphant in the end. Sisters De Mott and Peterson bore excellent testimonies, and Sister' Rebecca Brown testified that she knew Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God, she had joined the Church when a child of fourteen years, bore strong testimony of the gift of healing the sick and felt we should live the lives of saints in very deed. Sister Mary E. Irvine felt to acknowledge the hand of the Lord in all things, and seek for strength to bear our trials and put trust in our Heavenly Father not only with our lips but by living our religion. President Bathsheba W. Smith bore a powerful testimonv and hoped Sister Horne would be with us in the New Year. Counselor Webb presented the greetings of the season with love and the meeting adjourned with prayer by Sister Mary P. Silver. The first meeting in the new year 1904 was held Saturday, January 23. Counselor Stevenson presiding, prayer by Counselor Webb. Sister Stevenson addressed the sisters, referring to the changes about to be made in dividing Salt Lake Stake, thought we should be careful how we live and rejoice in the persecutions and trust in the Lord and pray for help, we should not qnench the spirit in these meetings but bear 