Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to belter the Home, the Slate and the Nation. Vol. 32 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL, CONTENTS. English Churchyards and Some Queer Epitaphs Lydia D.Alder. Mother's Work New York Letter Emily W. Cummings D. R. Meeting E. B. W. Editorial. Conference Luncheon and Reception Editorial Notes Daughters of the Pioneers Brief History of the Stake Board Primary Association of the Salt Lake Stake Ella W. Hyde Elizabeth Pixton Relief Society Nurse Class 1904 Emma A Empey Mother's Work In Memoriam Resolutions of Respect International Quinquennial PotTRY Trust Loving Words J. A. Edgerton Lydia D. Alder 81 82 83 83 84 84 84 84 85 85 85 87 87 87 81 83 TRUST. To be content, That is the best! Not to be indolent And simplv rest, But having done what duty calls to do, And having been to your true, Then worry not because ou do not see Results. Leave these unto the time Jo be. Do what you can. Trust God for the event. soul-impu- K And be content. To be content! Who in his soul Learns this accomplishment Has gained the whole. He who ran master self alone is great; He who can work and likewise can wait, Greatly deserve, and weary not the Lord By constant intercessions for reward, Know all will be returned that you have lent, And be content. To be t Is wisdom true! Know what for you is meant Will come to you. Cry up the heights your motto, ' Onward, on!" Then climb nor pause to count the distance gone. Think not of self; but if some other soul Is faint, assist and point him to the goal. Thus mount and help until life's day is spent, And be content. To be content, This is the best! Life's sun and storm are blent, And both are blest All glory love and joy that soul secures, Who strives, and overcomes and who endures, For God is all, and ou with Him are rife-K- now this, and you have gained the goal of Life. Take thou this blessing that is And be content. J. heaven-ssn- t, A. Edgerton. ENGLISH CHURCHYARDS AND SOME QUEER EPITAPHS. The churchyards of England! Graves of the uncounted dead! The frailty and un- certainty of Human life so constantly in remembrance! Cities have grown up all around, and over many of them, grass, high and dank, waves in the wind that sobs and moans among their headstones. In many instances they are so worn by time that their lettering cannot be distinguished. In the churchyard of Milton in Kent, the scene is most touching. In the portion bear m-m- y No. 11. 1904 ing date of the eleventh century and earlier, the graves of those who must have been the wealthy ones of the time, present a sad picture. .Those covered by solid slabs, with head and foot stones, are upheaved, as though from the effects of an earthqu ike, but that is not the reason. O, no! this tells of the return to dust, of all that was laid here to sieep; the consequent settling ('.own of the stones speaks ominously. In some instances the head stone is much the lowest; in others some other part. Some up, some down, others cracked by the elements to which they are ever exposed; pieces falling off, some that are thick and heavy, and some actually decaying. Nothing to tell, who round a. resting place here, their names cr estate. Thoughts of the Resurrection come to the mind, more forcibly here, than almost any other place, the ground seems to sway, and tremble, the stones upheave as though the occupants were about to come forth. But it is only the destruction caused by time. The skull and cross bones are raised on the head stones of of the' older graves. What a hideous emblem! Like the doctrines of that time, they make one shudder. Fit objects to accompany the belief, that infants not a span long, were consigned to the abode of fire and brimstone, if they had not been sprinkled. Ttiis is one of the oldest Churches in England. Its records going back to 1 100, A. D. Ike many others it is built cf small black, flint stones, put together with mortar and cement. About one hundred feet up in the turret wall, green ivy is growing out of the cement, between the stones, it looks so strange as there is none, on any other part of the building. How could it have gotten there is the question. Life in an unexpected place. Was a seed mixed with the mortar? or did one cling to the moss, as it was wafted on the wings ot the wind? or did a bird carry it there? The abuttments of the Church are all covered with moss, but no ivy only in this spot so high up. Its history none may tell. But there it is, serenely looking over this city of the dead. The graves, even of later years, aie all grown over with moss, that one must scrape it off, to read the inscriptions. One low,. plain headstone, close by the walk, tells this simple story. "Her may den name was Mary Smith, 1637." The English long "S," is used, and "birth" is spelt 4'byerth." Near this grave is a sun dial it has lately been rt stored, and is really a fine one. It was placed there about 150 years ago. Its solid stone base, though so thick, has been cracked twice across, but is now braced and cemented together One can imagine time laughing at the efforts, man puts forth, to perpetuate anything. O, if only those horrid skulls would not grin over the cross bones among these scenes of desolation! The long dark grass unmown, neglected, thick with the moss germs that creep among it, what of its story? The answer is apparent. Those who in ages gone, took pride in those graves and watered them with the tears of affection, sacred, because of the precious dust that sleeps there have also L joined the procession, that is marching on, they in their turn have come here lying down to rest: while the following generations, have gone into the world to other lands, leaving their treasures behind, "where the rude forefathers of the hamlet sleep " The new part of the cemetery, shows how the world has progressed. The graves are neatly kept, white stones take the place of grey: but they are not so strong, and in a less number of years, than have passed over those before described, no trace of them will be found. Nice iron fences surround the graves, while lovely flowers and plants bloom over them On a stone surrounding a grave, read the following: "How glorious" a hand pointing heavenward "are the feet of the righteous." The lovely September weather, was one to walk through the green lanes of England. The day has been warm and balmy. The sun is well rounded to the west, when a visit to the old church at Tunstale is undertaken. It is a lovely walk of two miles. Entering the church, we find a workman from London, who is repairing the organ, and permits us to visit through the building. Many here too, are sleeping the last earthly sleep. Some really fine monuments, tell of the notable ones ot olher days. Some are of clear yellow, white with roses and leaves entwined, raised as a beautiful border, all around the side they stand about four feet high with Latin inscriptions on the top, bearing date 1 2th century. Under the stone floor are vaults, belonging to some of the ancient families, some bearing only the name. On a dark slab, over one just at the foot of the channel, is the following: 'Tn memory of Lillian who died in the sure hope of a glorious resurrection on the 4th of January, 7809, aged 17 yeais. .An error in transposition, but it set the time of her are some resurrection. In the church-yaralso very queer. One reads to the memory of M. Chambers. "What kind of a man he was, the resurrection day will discover." Here are some tall fine yew trees under the wide spreading shade of one, are twenty-fiv- e raised moui ds. A quaint winding church-yard- , flowers ascends to the path del some all while the along way blooming tea icate roses, adorn the surrounding plots. Amon the more modern, on a white stone is an angel in gold, raised on the marble, wings and all. It is a pretty place though the grass heie, is high and dark also. The city cemetery in Sittingbourne, the walks are wide and white; lawns well kept, white shrubs of various kinds, trimmed into fantastic shapes, add to the beauty, and general effect. It is laid out on a sloping hill, not too steep, but rolling. Whether one looks upon it from the main entrance, or the one from the Recreation ground, it is equally enchanting. It is strictly modern. The stones and crosses are of fine white marble. On the graves bloom many red geraniums, wh ch show so plainly among the tomb stones, taking away the cemetery look by their warmth of color. Near the main entrance stands the residence of the keeper, almost buried among trees and flowers. A short distance away, is the d 