WOMAN'S MY TREASURES. BY RAY HULBERT. standing today on the evergreen bank O'erhanging the River of Time; In the distance behind me are memories rank-Be- fore me the future sublime. I am About me are twining the affections of old, n Like tendrils of moss; While pictures of silver and threads of gold Are gleaming amid flakes of floss. new-grow- As I stand on the banks of this beautiful shore, Now washed by the Waters of Life, I hud fresh among the bright treasures of yore, The pearls of the present are rife. And my heart wells upward, toward the Great White Throne, As I glean of these rubies so bright. And I offer to him who sitteth enthroned, My treasures for His World of Light. VISIT IN ST. GEORGE STAKE. The Presidency of the St. George Stake Relief Society left St. Gtorge May 2nd, and in the afternoon met with the Relief Society of Leeds where Bishop McMullin met with us and we reorganized the Society. Sister Susan Harris, the former president, has moved to Wyoming, and Helen McMullin takes her place as president. Ada McMullin and Mary Olsen counselors. The sisters were well pleased with our visit. Sister Mary G. WThite, Stake president of the Primary was with us and the Primary was also reorganized. Caroline McMullin president, Mrs. Frank McMullin and Emma Angel counselors; we had a nice meeting, and went ou to Toquerville where counselor Mary D. Batty presided at meeting of the Relief Society as president Spilsbury could not attend. There was a lull attendance and the organization was complete. The next morning at 8 a. m. held primary and just before the meeting closed the school bell rang and the children ran from the meeting like a flock of sheep, for the school room. We then went to Virgen by the "twist" which is a hard road, and held Relief Society at 2 p m. with President Hilton presiding. We had an enjoyable time. The sisters appreciate the yearly visits. We here appointed Primary meetings to be held as we returned. We went on to Grafton where we had a general meeting. So few people live there that it is hard to keep up the associations, but they are striving to do right. We spent the night with Lottie Russell and others. Went to Rockville on the 8th and had presidmeeting at 10 o'clock Mary ing: she is the mother of 15 children and quite a young looking woman, another lady there has had the same number. "Utah's best crop," is exhibited here. We met with 77 children in the Primary association Sister Fames presiding. At the close of the meeting we went on to Springdale and spent the night at the Bishop's. The scenery here is grand and the fresh mountain air is very invigorating. At 10 o'clock a. m. met with the Relief Society, Bishop Oliver Gifford met with us. At 2 p. m. met with Primary and returned to Rockville, where we spent the night with Sister Ida Miller a widow. We went to Virgen on the 6th and met with the Primary, many of the mothers met with us, Sister Stratton presided, we had a nice meeting and returned ro Toquerville, and held an officers meeting with the Relief Society. EXPONENT. Went to Tweeds on the 7th and had Primary meeting, Caroline McMullin presiding, a lot of well behaved children live here. We went on to Harrisburg and met with the people there, had a good time. We returned to St. George having been gone 6 days, held 13 meetings, traveled 90 miles and enjoyed ourselves very much, visiting with the Saints. Ann C, Woodbury. HOME AND ITS INFLUENCE. If we only realized the importance the influence of home has upon the life of our children, we would strive to make it the most desirable place for them. This can be done by making the children feel that it is necessary for them to do their part to bring this about. Children ought to be taught to be helpful and considerate for their parents or elders. Mothers make a great mistake when thty bring their children up to expect to be waited upon. It naturally makes them selfish, when if they are taught from their infancy to perform small acts to save mother, and if it is impressed upon their minds through love, it will come quite natural to them to do so. Many mothers may think that this is too much trouble, they would rather do it themselves it is too much bother; we must not think this if we wish them to grow up to be useful; we wish them to be happy and have a good time and therefore they should be helpful. The influence of home and its surroundings stay by us all through our lives, then how careful we ought to be that those impressions are of a pleasant and profitable nature. We should be very careful of the company that they keep; rather hava them bring company home, than go out to seek it, by doing so we have a better chance to judge of their companions. It is also necessary that we as mothers set before them by example as well as precept that we should wish them to follow "as we sow so shall we reap," if we make good impressions they will be lasting. Solomon says, "My son keep thy fathers commandment and forsake not the law of thy mother. Bind them continually npon thy heart and tie them about thy neck." "When thou goest, it shall lead thee; and when thou sleepest, it shall keep thee; and when thou awakest it shall talk with thee." The wise man Solomon realized this. Mary A. C. Lambert. MOTHERS' VORK. SOUTH SANPETE STAKE. Pre-nat- mothers. life and hints to prospective Lecture I. The first gteat command, ' Multiply and replenish the eatth" (a) Necessity of faith in God as a guiding star to expectant mother. (b Urgent necessity for a knowledge of the sin .and life, (c) danger of destroying pre-natchildren of exaggreatly marking Danger gerated, mothers should not permit their thoughts to dwell on unpleasant and disagreeable things, (d) Duty of mothers to cul- al tivate the qualities they wish their children to possess. Lecture II. (a) Necessity of society, one's proper companionship for pregnant women, (b) Propriety of going out during this period, (c) Folly of false modesty, (d) Dress hygienic and becoming, (e) No corsets or Hght bands, (f) Clothing suspended from the shoulders, (g) Rubbing with oil to relieve tension of abdominal muscles. Lecture III. Abundant exercise, (b) Daily walks, How to avoid constipation by correct diet, (d) Plenty of fresh fruit and pure water, (e) Abstain from tea, coffee, and all drugs and stimulants, live according to nature. (a) (c) Lecture IV. Heredity. (a) Grave responsibilities of parents, (b) Injustice to children who are forced to inherit disease and sin. (c) Necessity of a prayerful united effort on the part of parents to overcome tendencies, whether physical, moral or mental, that they may not be transmitted to their children, (d) Rights of children to be well born. Lecture V. Cars of Mother after confine- ment. (a) She should insist on perfect ventilation and scrupulous cleanliness, (b) Also absolute quiet and freedom from care, (c) Mild and simple diet of such a nature as will prevent constipation. (d) Tea and coffee are harmful in their effects, (e) No stimulants unless ordered by a competent physician, (e) No callers should be permitted. Lecture VI. (a) Care of the Infant. No water for the first bath, (b) Thorough rubbing with oil applied with a soft cloth followed by careful wiping, (c) No food except the contents of the mother's breast and warm water which has been previously boiled, (d) Don't waken a child to exhibit to visitors, (e) Avoid strong light, tight bands and too much clothing, (f) Also clothes unnecessarily long, (g) Give frequent and thorough rubbing with the hand, (h) Regular nursing is important. AI.VIRA L. Cox, President R. S. The U. S. D. R. met May 16 at the home The rooms of Mrs. George A. Smith. were elaborately decorated with the Stars and Stripes, Society colors, pictures and the flags of nearly all the European countries. Regent Mrs. Isabel M. Whitney Sears presided and after the usual preliminaries Mrs. Sears read an entertaining sketch of the life of Nathan Hale of revolutionary lame. Mrs. Philo T. Farnsworth followed with a poem to his memory written by a daughter of the Revolution Virginia Frayer Bayle, Miss Wells gave the courtship of There were present this celebrated hero. as guests Mrs. Charlotte F. Richards, Mrs. Lucy Smith Acomb and Mrs. Charles W. The meeting was very enjoyable Nibley. and after adjournment delicious refreshments were served to all in a dainty fashion and a social hour was made 