WOMAN'S EXPONENT She is when I tell you that at Bremen the day trials with so much fortitude and patience. lived an exemplary life, devoted to home and to after we landed she was able to take a long the work of the Lord. and attend a reception given by the She was a graduate of the University, Salt Lake drive, Council and make an address. Woman's City, and was a successful school teacher. She The following day she came to Berlin, set-- I was secretary in the Sabbath school, also president of the Y. L. Association of the ward for a tied in her hotel and on the folowing morn-- ; number of years. Afterward she was called to act for the opening of the as aid in the Y. L Association of the Salt Lake ing was up early Stake which position she held until sickness Suffrage Conference. She presided all the caused her to resign. She was appointed to the time except Friday afternoon. Oil Satur-- ! office of treasurer ia the Relief Society, October she called the meeting to order at 9 a. day i, iqoi, and held the office at the time of her ' m. and presided with only a lunch intermis-- 1 In all of these duties she was faithiul death. and true to her duty, nothing we can say will sion-til- l 5.30 p. m., then took a drive for enhance her character for she was known as a two hours, and attended the reception from pure and noble woman, and she has gone to re8.30 to 11 p. m. and said she was not ceive her reward. Funeral services were held in the Mi'l Creek tired. ward house. Bishop Hamilton presiding The speakers paid a high tribute to her worth as a true Latter-daSaint, consoling remarks were made to the bereaved husband, who feels the loss very Tbe meeting of the International Counkeenly, being away from home at the time of her cil of Women closed on the afternoon of death, also to the relatives and friends. June 18. with an enormous crowd. The singing was beautifully impressive, conwas overfilled, "The Philharmonic-Hal- l ducted by Brother Cornwall. The decorations were all in perfect harmony, the floral offerings all and a large overflow meeting was held in spoke of the love and respect of the dear departed an adjacent hall, where the speeches made one. There was a large concourse of friends preswere repeated. ent and many followed the remains to the ceme-tar- y in the Philharmonic-Hal- l where Sister Clara was laid away to await The leading speaker in the main hall was the resurrection of the righteous. Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Gilman, who disMary B. Hamilton, Prest., cussed Prof. Lester F. Ward's theory of the Frances H. HANSon, Sec'y. Mrs. Gilman biological origin of sex. turned the to account, theory discussing in Bannock Died at Hatch, County. Idaho. May brilliant way the relations between the 16. 1904, Sister Caroline Detton, Counselor in our Relief Society. Sister Detton was the daughter sexes of claiming that society will of Michel Anderson and Anna M. Nielson. She not be women participate in all till perfect was born at Augusta, Denmark, February 23, human interests was baptized Ocequally with men. Helene 1852, and camefo Utah in 1870, tober 16, 1870. Was married to John Detton July Lange discussed the ultimate aims of the 31, 1871. She was aged 52 years, 2 mouths and 23 woman movement. Lady Aberdeen, presdays. She leaves besides her husband four sons ident of the International Council, cordially and. eight daughters, a fifth son having died in for the infancy many years ago. Her life was well thanked the German organizers as success of she Frau the congress. was a woman always splendid worthy of emulation, wise and discreet and tried to do all in her power Marie Stritt, of Dresden, president of the work. She was a dutiful German to forward the Latter-da- y league, declared the congress adwife, a kind and affectionate mother and a true journed, amid a scene of great enthusiasm. friend. The American delegates, as the German I J y 7 Women.' Miss Anthony replied: 'I hope your husband, the Emperor, will vie with the United States in endeavoring to place German women on an equality with men, and that he will devote his attention to this as well as to augmenting the commercial The Empress greatness of his country.' answered: 'Men are very slow to comprehend the equality of women with themMiss Anthony then told the Emselves.' press about her last visit to Berlin, when As the she met the Empress Frederick. she showed Empress went along the line, that she knew all about the women's movement in each country, with the names of the leaders and all about them. Having gone down the line, the Empress retraced her steps, and on reaching Miss Anthony 'You are my honored guest again, said: on this occasion, dear Miss Anthony.' Then, again shaking hands with Miss Anthony, and bowing to her guests, she withdrew. A great mass meeting in favor of woman suffrage was held in Philharmonic Hall on the evening of June 17. Miss Susan B. Anthony, Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt, and the Rev. Anna Shaw spoke for the United States." , THE BERLIN MEETINGS. to-da- y, RELOLUTIONS OF RE ; ' Whereas, Our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call from our midst our worthy and beloved sister Caroline Detton, therefore be it and Resolved, That we strive to emulate her devotion to her home, her purity and honesty of purpose, and her faith in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt sympathy to the stricken husband and family, and sincerely hope our Heavenly Father will send the comforting influence ot the Holy Spirit to heal the wounded spirits of those who are called to mourn. Resolved, That a coppy of these resolutions be sent to The Woman's )nent and a copy of them be sent to her family. 3p Christina Higginson. ITEMS FROM BERLIN. We have published some extracts from Mrs. Home's letter in her travels toward Berlin and wish we could give more particulars of the cpngress than the election of officers but at this writing it is all we have except from a postal dated June 15. Mrs., Home states she is to speak on the 17th, and 1 8th in the Congress and she mentions Mrs. Emily S. Richards and Mrs. Ida S. Dusenberry as having reached there.. Letters from Charlotte Perkins Gilman and Rev. Anna H. Shaw in the Boston Woman's Journal contain some spicy paragraphs and we quote here concerning "Susan B." Mrs. Gilman says in her letter from the steamer going over, "Our grand old woman has been on deck every day of the trip, has not missed a meal, and her sister Mary Anthony is with her in vigor and c'leer fulness." Miss Shaw writing from Berlin says: "You will realize how well Miss Anthony attendants point out, made a general impression, owing to the superiority of their oratory, clear concise statements and disMrs. Carrie tinct, deliberate speaking, Anna H. Shaw, the Rev. Catt, Chapman and Mrs. Gilman developed into great favorites with the audit nces, and Miss Susan B. Anthony received an ovation whenever she interjected the fewest simple remarks, often writing autographs in the intervals for her German admirers. Ou the evening of June 18 the municipality gave the delegates a great farewell reception at the City Hall." "The Empress of Germany has won the hearts of the American delegates to the women's congress. She glanced along the row of women, and noticing the venerable form of Susan B. Anthony, she sent one of her maids of honor for a chair and begged Miss Anthony declined her to be seated. for a time, and yielded ouly to the insistence of the Empress, who herself remained As the Empress walked along standing. was made acquainted with the she the line, name and country of each delegate, and then, whether English, French, Italian or Dutch, she, with surprising versatility, addressed each delegate in her own language, each spoken with marked purity of accent and without the least hesitation. Her To of them amazed. most she were guests or a but when word she two, spoke only reached Miss Anthony, she said: "What a How do long journey you have taken! Berlin? I know like your long life's j'ou in and the Council of your position work, Mrs. Ida H. Harper is contributing to a number of American papers a series of lively articles on the Quinquennial meeting of the Women's International Council at Berlin. She says in part: "A Berlin! of Napoleon. A Berlin! was the warlike cry And a Berlin, a Berlin, has been the rallying cry of an army of women as, from the four corners of the earth, they have journeyed to the seat of the German Empire. Under the white banner of peace those ot Germany and France clasp friendly hands. Australia and New Zealand bring greetings to Austria and Bulgaria; the Italian peninsula salutes the Scandinavian; South America presents her compliments to Great Britain, and the United States beams approvingly on all. The men of our country would feel very proud of their women folks if they could see the attention shown them at these great international meetings. "If only we had the liberty you possess," the other women say; "if only our men would let us show what we are capable of doing and being!" and then invariably they end with the inquiry, "But why is it that you have not the suffrage, when you have everything else?" The American Church was filled to overflowing on the Sunday before the opening of the meetings, and when Rev. Anna Howard Shaw arose to offer prayer, the audience resembled a field of wheat stirred by a breeze, as it leaned forward to see a woman preacher. It seemed most fitting that the first woman who ever entered a pulpit in Germany should be Susan B. Anthony, for among the earliest demands made by Mrs. Stanton and herself in 1852 was one that women should be permitted to enter the ministry and have part in all church councils. It was a touching spectacle this grand old apostle of freedom, in her eighty-fiftyear, as with a tone of triumph in her voice she contrasted the position of women now and half a century ago. The inspiring address of Mrs Carrie Chapman Catt, which followed, brought the audience so near to applause that Miss Shaw came quickly for- h 