WOMAN'S then presented to the meeting and sustained, and six missionaries were appointed to assist the stake officers and sustained. After singing and prayer, the conference adjourned until September 9, 1904. Clara Little Clawson, Secretary. HOMEWARD BOUND. SS. Prinzess Irene, July 6, 1904. Once more at sea and this time finding it much pleasanter. The Prinzess Irene is called ''the lady ship," and a lady she is, serene, quiet, steady, and a little slow. Hence we are spared the jarring of a hard-ru- n screw, and forge along as smoothIt being midsummer, ly as a ferry-boat- . there are few passengers going this way, and this gives comparative quiet to the ear as well as the rest of the body. And, with warm and pleasant weather, open ports and habitable decks give us more "sea air" than is usually obtainable. The rush and whirl of the Congress prevented my writing while it was going on, and a crowded week of traveling afterward was equally inimical to letters; but now there is time enough, and a little space of removal gives a better picture in the mind. For suffragists, the pleasautest feature of the great gathering might be found in the universal interest in the "Frauenstimm-recht- " among the gathered representatives of many lands; the keen interest and large attendance at suffrage meetings, and the special honor paid to our great Miss Anthony. When the empress received the presidents of each national council, L,ady Aberdeen the incoming and Mrs. Sewall the outgoing international president, she also received Miss Anthony, on her own merits. Well has it been said, "There is nothing impossible to the steadfast determination of one human will." When a human being absolutely and determinedly devotes a life to some one purpose, he or she grows great, and that greatness is recognized sooner or later: it cannot be hidden. To the old view that women are useful only as mothers, with some additional convenience as housekeepers, the visible presence of great women who serve the world in their human capacity, if not as ' 'females, ' ' is invaluable. Of course we need mothers; but there are plenty. Of course, the fullest life should include all functions, but not all of us may have all things. And in this strange, changeful, trying period of the renaissance of women, many must renounce much in order to do more. One woman at the Congress, a magnifi- cent creature from Norway, young, strong, serenely beautiful, with a long, heavy flaxen plait hanging down her back, and ropes of big silver beads around her neck, was also proudly carrying a sturdy child of a year or so. It was a splendid picture the woman in all her typical, original power and beauty; the handsome, well grown boy to prove fulfillment of all primal duty; and then the big human soul and mind the interest in her country's progress and that of other countries; the journey from her northern home to join this meeting of the nations. In the smoother years that are coming, the alternative will not be forced upon the growing woman, and she will be able to be a widely useful human creature, full-grow- ii EXPONENT. and a happy woman, too. All honor to those who have served the world in these hard years of heavy cost, relentlessly demanded and so nobly paid! This meeting in Germany was a triumphant success. The preliminary suffrage meeting was satisfactory some coming to that who did not stay to the later proceedings; the Council accomplished much, and the Congress was better than our hopes. There was a large attendance both of delegates and visitors, and the general public of Berlin fflled the halls from day to day. The audiences were immense, including many men. It must be a strange thing to a man, accustomed only to see women singly, in their private capacity, or in social groups, each with an escort, to be present at these great gatherings, to see thousands of women together, not "as women," but as human beings and members of society. Quite apart from argument and appeal, the impression made by the mere visible presence of such women must an aggregate of public-spiritebe very great. And it is. Many remarks were made on it by astonished German gentlemen. Besides the public welcome, interest and applause, we were received and entertained with all cordiality and honor by the hostess city. The beautiful houses of Berlin received us, Art museums, gardens, galleries, parks, all were open to us; royalty, nobility, and what really eounted for more than all "der stadt Berlin" itself magnificently entertained this organization of women united to serve the world. The reception by the city, our great banquet in the richly decorated Rathhaus, marks an epoch in the woman's movement. Here was the great public building, built by' men and for men, the official home ot of the governing sex, open to do honor to the once only domestic sex with Burgo-meiste- r, Oberburgermeister, magistrates and ministers, in their gold chains, receiving and entertaining us. And this not as individuals, not as separate dignitaries, however distinguished some of our women are, but as an organization of real value to the world. It should be a lesson clear and convincing to those loyal but limited souls who put their chosen reform before all others and say, "we must have prohibition first," or "suffrage first" or "socialism first." We must have first what we can get first and some things come together. We do not confront a growing child and demand hair first, or teeth first, or bones first. We do not, or at least we should not, confront a growing character, forming or reforming, and say, "we must have courage first," or "patience first." Growth is complex and gradual, in individuals or in the world as a whole; and needs to be studied before we can safely hasten it. In earlier days, when less was known of the nature of man, we assumed the people could if they chose become quite different and behave quite differently. Now we are slowly and somewhat reluctantly finding out that conduct is the symptom of character, and character the result of conditions. The problem o the scientific reformer is: How to change conditions so as to improve character, and thus modify conduct to the desired form. We are learning something of this problem, though but slowly. d C. P. G. Boston Woman s Journal. WONDERFUL OLD MEN. Men of thought have always been distinguished for their age. Solon, Sophocles, Pindar, Anacreon, and Xenophon were octogenarians. Kent, Buffon, Goethe, and Newton were over eighty when they died; So was Harvey, the discoverer of the circulation of the blood. Many men have done excellent work after they have Landor wrote his passed eighty years. Conversations" when eighty-fiv"Imaginary Izaak Walton wielded a ready pen at ninety. Hahnemann married at eighty and was working at ninety-one- . Michael still his was Angelo painting giant canvases at eighty-ninand Titian at ninety worked with the vigor of his early years. at ninety-eigFontenelle was as as at forty, and Newton at eighty-thre- e worked as hard as he did in middle life. Cornara was in far better health at ninety-fiv- e than at thirty, and as happy as a boy. Dr. Du Boisy was practising at Hanover as a physician in 1897, going his daily rounds at the age of one hundred and three. William Reynold Salmon, M. R. C. S., of Con bridge, Glamorganshire, died on March nth, 1897, at the age of one hundred and six--. At the time of his death he was the oldest known individual of indisputably authenticated age, the oldest physician, the oldest member of the Royal College of Surgeons, and the oldest Freemason in the world-v Fon-tenel- le e, e, light-hearte- d ht . Miss Florence Nightingale recently passed her eighty-fourt- h birthday. Although kmg since removed from conspicuous participation in affairs she is still active and wields a stmng influence In a quiet manner in charitable and reform movements. It is said that she will have in a short time the Order of Merit bestowed upon her by King Edward. This is a decoration founded It is well merited by Florby the king. ence Nightingale, who began the great system of nursing the sick and wounded in war time, which now prevails over tl. e world. An afternoon "tea" for Americans only, was given by Mary B. Willard, in Berlin, whose School for Girls has been noted for a quarter of a century. The Ambassador, Consul General Mason, Dr. Dickie, and other prominent Americans, gave to the pleasant rooms an atmosphere highly appreciated by those who were several thousand miles away from home. Mrs. Willard has sold her school, and will reside in New York after August. Great disappointment is felt because of the limited number whom the empress received on Tuesday. Sixteen women only were selected to represent the twenty countries, but three of those were from the United States. When Canada, Australia and New Zealand protested because they were not invited, the answer was that they had their representation through Great Britain. told of the Archbishop of Canterhe once asked a Sunday School that bury class what the difference was between King No one. could Solomon and other men. solve the problem. "Come," said his grace "was there any difference, for instance, between King Solomon and mysell?" And then one child ventured a reply "Please, sir, Solomon was wise!" It is 