WOMAN'S EXPONENT vessel and turned dizzy when be tried to rise. "What I endured for the first fevy days ou board that vessel," he said, "can never be told; the remorse of couscience, the mortification, the despair; many times I prayed to die, I felt I could never meet my father or mother or any of my former friends again. We had a fine cap'ain, he blamed the young man, Tom Wetherell, for bringing me ou board, until I was so sorry for Tom that I begau to be reconciled to my fate. He mourned for me, too, poor fellow, and he tried to make up for it in every way possible. He taught me how to do my work, and I had the tact aud skill necessary to get on. 'We were always good friends, and no matter where we put ashore, he would entertain me in true hospitable Sailors have good hearts, sailor style. though their manners are rough and uncouth, and their use of the King's English is beyond description. There were many unpltasant experiences for a fellow brought up tenderly as I had been, but the Captain noticed this and gave me the easiest places, and I improved so rapidly, and displayed such uncommon courage and such an adventurous spirit at times, that he promoted me when our mate who was not over strong at the beginning of the voyage was quite unable to keep on duty, and I cannot say but my great grandfather, the Admiral, having been in His Majesty's service, had something to do with it." The festivities on the day followiug Ned's return were on the most magnificent scale ever known in Merton, and the whole village was in a state of joyful excitement. The very garb he wore was a great attraction to the young people. We who live in this day and in an inland country know comparatively little of how the sailor costume fascinates people, especially the young generation. Scores of girls fell in love with Edward Windeyer, and he was jovial and courteous with all; but there were those of them who were so much enamored of h;m that they watched with envy the attentions he bestowed on others, anl especially on one, who as they said, "couldn't compare with the girls in his own vicinity." She was neither beautiful, nor yet. attractive to her own sex (who were for the most part jealous of her) notwithstanding her plain appearance, and her poverty; yet the young man admired her, she could converse well, and her voice was singularly pathetic aud musical; she was graceful in manner and danced beautifully. "Think of Edward Windeyer being engaged to Miss Morley, and he has ouly met her three or four times," said spiteful Hettie Willis to her two friends, Olive Somers and Anna Dalley, the trio they were called, all well to do, of good families, girls of style, the tip top of society in Merton, in fact they boasted ou occasions that their fathers were not in Squire Windeyer's employ, but in business of their own, and their mothers had never worked for a living, not eveu as governesses; indeed, they were as the world goes. But eveu so, Edward fell in love at first sight with Miss Morley. His mother fretted and fumed, but all to no purpose; his father said nothing, but allowed him to do as he pleased. Finally when it became apparent that the matter was serious and he was determined to marry Miss Morley, if he could persuade her to accept him, (which was not an easy matter), his mother en well-connecte- d 47 deavored to dissuade him from taking such a course, or even entering into an engagement while so youug; and implored his father to forbid the marriage, declaring she believed it to be due to the interference of Fanny Hillier, who, she said, seemed ever her "evil genius." At last the mother consoled herself with the thought it would keep him at home, and she took the first opportunity of inviting the young lady to the house. After much persuasion and entreaty, Miss Morley at last consented to beard the lioness in her home, so to speak, for she was in mortal dread of Mrs. Wind-eyehaving heard so much of her pride and haughtiness. Once within the Windeyer home, Edward never left his fiance for an hour if he could avoid it, lest his mother should frighten her away, for she was as timid as a bird. Mrs. Windeyer looked her over quizzically and inquired into her pedigree, every now and then sayiug, "humph," or "so he was your uncle," or "she was your grandmother," with anything but an approving tone or manner. After the visit of Miss Morley to the Windeyer's in their own home, Mrs. Windeyer was still more opposed than before, and said to her boy, "Ned, the. girl has no sort of family reputation to fall back upon, she is only from the common people for all her fine manners and accomplishments. I wish you would give up this whim, you will soon tire of those soulful eyes and dainty ways; she is not of good blood, she has really nothing to recommend her; go back to Bristol and prepare for Oxford under Professor Hadley, he will gladly take you again, and you may marry among the best families; your father's wealth would be an inducement for any girl, and you surely will regret it if you take this child without either money or ancestry." Even after all the entreaties it was possible for his mother to use, Edward persisted in his determination, aud Richard stood by by him. saying, "Mama, she is lovely, aud sings like an angel. I love her myself more than Ned does. I wish I could marry Margaret: no one should hinder me, not even my father, if I were older and she would have me." Mrs. Windeyer was puzzled, and inquired, "Who told you her name, Richard?" '!She told me, and said I conld call her sister; and I will, no matter who dislikes her; besides, she is not so much in love with Ned, it's ouly his imperious manner; and she hopes to win him over to love home and country life, and leave off which will make him coarse and rough, and wean him from those who love him so de- - though the young couple came home with the father as soon as the wedding celebration was over. One year of "love's sweet young dream" and of intense sorrow for the bride, and Margaret fled from the home that was unbearable to her sensitive nature fled to Fanny Hillier for protection and sympathy. She would not go to her grandma (who had reared her), to burden her with sorrow; father and mother were both dead, and she had no brother or sister. Mrs. Windeyer had made her life unendurable she had professed everything and fulfilled nothing. "Such a child, she can never really be a wife or a mother," she had said to Ned once or twice in the wife's presence. "Let her be," Mrs. Windeyer said to Edward; "she'll come back of her own accord; but if you go after her to coax her, she'll be trying the same thing again." Richard pined fcr her almost as much as Ned himself, but he was positively forbidden to go to see her. Squire Windeyer advised Edward to take a house and make a home of his own near them, for he was fondly attached to Margaret, and he kuew it would be impossible for him to visit her at the Hillier cottage. The man said to his son, "Margaret needs sympathy now, and Fanny is overflowing with tenderness and love for all humanity; she is the very person to whom one can go in trouble; the only one, my boy, who never lost faith in you never gave you up when you were so long away from home. She believed in your fidelity and was sure you would come back e, sea-farin- kind-hearte- some day." j j g, voted ly." "Oh, is this all, Richard? We shall see what Margaret will do anon. I am not jealous of my little brother,but no one must interfere, and mama, I must be the sole judge in this matter of marriage, and shall take this little village maiden who is without anything to recommend her, so you say, aud perhaps not much, save her innocence and purity of heart and soul." The Squire gave his consent willingly to the. marriage, and three months after the young lady's visit to Merton they were joined in wedlock in the little church at Easton, the town where Margaret Morley's parents were born and died. Mrs. Windeyer would not consent to witness the ceremony, d j j Evidently Mrs. Hillier did not respond to the generous impulses of her daughter, and she took occasion to speak her mind rather freely to Fanny one day soon after young Mrs. Windeyer had taken refuge at their home. "A pretty scandal this will make, taking in Edward's wife. I have no patience with such nonsense. If she can't live with his mother, let her go back to her own. You'll be talked about finely for mixing up Mrs. Windeyer will not in this affair. know that well enough." spare you, you for "Hush, mother, pity's sake; she will so ears are her hear you; quick to catch the least sound." It was already too late. Margaret had heard all, and felt the sting. She knew it was true that Mrs. Windeyer would not spare Fanny in the least, though in her trouble she had not thought of it; but now she would go before .anyone could hinder her whither she knew not. Putting on her hat and cloak, she disguised herself as much as possible, and though trembling in every limb and weak from excessive grief, she ran down the garden walk and was out upon the high road before anyone knew she had left the house. Fanny went in with a dainty lunch to tempt her appetite, and found the room deserted, her wraps gone, then she knew Margaret must have overheard her mother; and putting on her own things she started to follow and bring her back if possible. The search was vain, and she sent a message to Edward, but his mother intercepted it, and night coming on, Fanny, restless with anxiety, waited, not knowing what to do. Morning brought no news, and Fanny begau inquiring on her own account. Mr. Windeyer, however, heard it at the mills, and severely reprimanded his son for the 