Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. Vol SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY, 33 RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. CONTENTS. Relief Society Reports Homeward Bound Foreign Letter C. P. 9, 10 G. 10 .....Lydia D. Alder 13 In Memoriam 14 Mothers' Work 14, 15 General R;tienchment Meeting 15, 16 12 Editorml In Memoriam Helen Woodruff i2 Woodruff 12 Apostle 12 Pioneer Day, July, 1904 Mrs. Home at Home., 13 12, Ninth Ward R. S. Reunion 13 Annual Meeting R. S, Cannon 13 : Editorial Note 14 Poetry- - Deep In the Heart.,. Clara Ingles Frost 9 The Legend of the Purple Ins Selected 9 DEEP IN THE HEART. , woman's heart was one day laid bare, That others might its secrets share. It told of deeds both great and good, Of temptations met and nobly withstood, A Of sacrifice made, of work completed, Of truth, and love, and despair defeated; Of battles gallantly fought and won, And of perfect faith in the Father and Son. A woman's heart was one day laid bare, That others might its secrets share. But oh! what stories this heart contained! Stories, so dark its readers gained A knowledge of sin and unbelief, Which caused them to turn away in grief. Both of those hearts that clay laid bare, Had each received a plentiful share, Of faith, hope, mercy, truth and love From the Father, with whom they dwelt above. One came to earth, and her gifts did treasure, The other thought only of self and pleasure, So one heart became-lik- e purified gold, While one grew small, and cruel, and cold. Grace Ingles Frost. THE LEGEND OF THE PURPLE IRIS- - On the cross the dying Savior, Hung in bitter grief and pain, While His friends and kinsfolk lingered Near Him m their anguish vain. 'Neath the cross an iris blossomed, Decked in radiant gold and white, And she bent her head in 'tenor. Folded all her petals bright. "From this hour," she whispered sadly, I will wear a purple veil, Token of eternal mourning And who see shall learn the tale, "And when autumn comes to ripen Fruits and seeds through all the land, And the golden sheaves are garnered By the reaper's careful hand, 'Then my triple pod shall open And a blood-re- d cross display, Emblem of my Master's Passion On this dark and awful day." So since then her golden chalice Wears a veil of sombre hue, Telling of her lov unending And her grief forever new. And her triple pods that open At the autumn's icy breath, Still display the blood-re- d emblem Of the Savior's love and death. Selected. No. 2. 1904 woman; spoke of the blessings received in working in the Temple. Counselor Henry Gardner spoke of the great benefit of the Relief Society, and enDear Editor: We held our Relief Society conference couraged the sisters to keep on in the good work. June 26, 1904. Apostle Rudger Clawson Sister Carrie S. Thomas, member of the and Brother Henry McCune, also the presiGeneral Board, spoke of the beautiful flowdency of the stake, Edward Snow and counbnt ers; thought they were not half so beauselors, present, and gave us some good as faces of the sisters; was pleased tiful the instructions. President Snow gave us a the with reports; said how pleased. Sister great deal of eneouragement, he thought Smith would be to know how united the that once a year we could be represented are. sisters all in the tabernacle, so you see we are gainSister Page invited all to stay for lunch. ing ground. The Lord has the work in Benediction by President Page. hand; all we have to do is to do right. He Afternoon session, Sister Page presiding. will do the rest. My heart swells with After the exercises a song was opening gratitude to my heavenly Father for His Coombs. Sister Page called Esther by sung lovingkindness that He has preserved us in for more Sister reports. Ferguson reported the truth, that He has counted us worthy to sothe Shore The Lake Leland society. have a name and standing with His people. sisSister Chisholm the ciety by reported I often wonder how many of this people realize what a blessing it is to them and ters are all united, it is a new ward. Bentheir children to live in these peaceful vales. jamin society, reported by Sister Bingham the sisters are all united, but are so The trials ol life are nothing when we en. own a granary, and are quite scattered; joy the Spirit of the Lord; When we think earnest in taking care of the sick. Sister of the condition of the world and the little Ball recited "Somebody's Mother." hope they have for the future. SisterCarrie S.Thomas said she would like Give my kind love to Annie and family, to about the nurses' class, which she speak and accept the same yourself and Sister at did some length, hoped we would be Lambert when you see her. I trust you able to some from our stake; read a send are well. I know you are busy. May from Sister Bathsheba letter of instructions the Lord bless you with life and health and W. of woman's work. Smith; spoke every righteous desire of yonr heart is the Sistei M.A. of the nurses' Lambert spoke wish of your loving sister. class and Woman's the Building. Said we Ann C. Woodbury, confidence should have in our children and President of the Relief Society St. George minds their the value of impress upon Stake. be we should saviors prayer; upon mount to Zion one. bless NEBO STAKE. every Dixon recitsd "At a Stylish Sister Lucy SoThe annual conference of the Relief ' Church." ciety of the Nebo Stake was held in the officers of The the General Board and of Payson tabernacle, President Lylius C. Page the Nebo Stake Relief Society were unanpresiding. Visiting sisters present Mary imously sustained. Alice C. Lambert and Carrie S. Thomas Stake Counselor Hyrum Lemmon spoke Sister Josephine from Salt Lake City. of the duties of the Relief Society in taking Peterson reported Payson First ward. Own of the sick and poor, also the plan of care a meeting house and had started to build a nurses to take care of our sick, having granary. Sister Christina Ellworth reported should all be united. the Second ward, Payson. Sisters donated Sister Dixon said the sisters cf the Lake freely, owned granary, had 750 bushels of Shore ward had invited us to come there wheat. Sister Carrie Holt reported the for our next conference, and we would adFirst ward society, Spanish Fork. Sister conference for three months,tobe this Pace Second ward, Spanish Fork, reported journ at held Shore. Read a sentiment and Lake that society owned a meeting house and think of the nurses' class, and all to Sister urged have granary nearly completed. to go and take that course. some and try get Mary Hallam, Spanish Fork Third ward Benediction by Sister Mary Roberts. society have about 27 widows, have about Hattie Wride, Cor. Sec. 199 bushels of wheat on hand, have donated $8.00 to the Woman's Building. Sister bear. lake. Swenson reported Fourth ward society, The annual conference of the Relief SoSpanish Fork own meeting house and Buildciety of Bear Lake Stake convened in the granary. Baid $25.00 for Woman's to amount the Bloomington meeting honse at 2 p.m., July eggs Sunday ing, gathered of $92.00. 9, 1904, President Julia P. Lindsay presidSister Mary A. Lambert, missionary of ing. President Lindsay addressed the sisters: the General Board, was pleased with the ' 'We have claim about those and in, upon the blessings of the especially reports given the wheat, encouragod the sisters to teach Lord, and we shall not be left to ourselves; the children to observe the Sabbath day, though we have not anjT visitors, we can teach them by example as well as precept; hear many good things from our sisters wives should respect their husbands, teach in Bear Lake: It is necessary to obtain the children to pay their tithing and honor that which we need for our sustenance, but their parents. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith we should not allow all our time to be used 4.1, J 13 1 LUcll 1UUU sends her love to the sisters, she is a lovely 1U UUi iIClilJJUIcU iiAUUIS, LUC BJJil::t. ST. GEORGE. 1 1 1 1 