Woman 9 xponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY, Vol. 32 CONTENTS. Sketch of the Life of Mrs. Elizabeth M. Hart 66 and Mother's Work First Woman Physician in Holland Martina G. Kramers Relief Society Nurse Class Emma A. Empey Maria Francis The Suez Canal....: Editorial Relief Society Conference Editorial Notes D. R. State Society Executive Session N 65 70 71 68 6S 68 V February ioth, 1904. 71 68 W., Indianapolis Indiana Report of the National Woman's Relief Poetry the great work of the Lord in this Stake of Zion. com. . 68 Society On the Death of General George 99 Washington 65 ON THE DEATH OF GENERAL GEORGE WASHINGTON. I was born on the 26th day of March in the year 1843, in the town of Treforest, in the county of Glamorgan, South Wales, Great Britain. My father's name was David Thomas, my mother Martha Davis Thomas, both of the same place. I am the second daughter of a family of six girls. Our parents were in comiortable circumstances, and wc grew up in an atmosphere of love and tenderness. Our home was to me a peifect paradise. Although my mother's health was delicate, she was able to direct home affairs, but obliged to leave the arduous labors to an attendant named "Kitty," who lived in the family seventeen years. My father did not believe in any of the Christian churches; religions of the but he was a strong believer and advocate of justice, truth and equity. My mother was a member of the Baptist Church, but was not satisfied with its organizations and doctrines, and was always searching for more light, and something more tangible that she could lay hold on with full hope and assurance. She was fervent in spirit, conscientious in her convictions, and faithful in performing her duties in life as she, understood them. From my earliest recollection I was taught to observe the Sabbath day to keep it holy; to refrain from loud laughter and from indulging in ininh of whatever nature. I was fairly well acquainted with the common branches of education, including domestic economy, before I reached my thirteenth year. In the year 1855 the family moved to town, in South Cardiff, a large sea-poWales, where my father was offered a more remunerative position as a pattern maker, in We were a large steel rail establishment. then about twelve miles from the home of my maternal grandmother, Mrs. Davis. I can now picture in my mind the thatch roofed farm house, with my dear old grandmother bustling around, going five miles to meeting and willing to indulge me in every No. 9. 1904 Gospel from a desire to gratify my mother's wishes; for up to that time I had not given much thought or reflection to matters of religion, I was keenly sensitive and conscious of right and wrong, but it seemed to me sufficient, if a person lived up to the golden rule, "do unto others as you would h&ve them do unto you." In 1856 my father was baptized also and became a member of tfee Church. He met with great opposition from his relatives and former friends,' and up to this day my sister Mrs. Samuel H. Hill and myself are the only representatives of uiy father's house in ihe Church. In March, 1857, we commenced our travels to the land of Zion. We sailed on the "George Washington" from Liverpool and landed in Boston on the 17th, of April, having been three weeks on the ccean. We encountered some very severe gales, but all things considered we had a fair and pleasant journey as intermediate passengers. I shall however, never forget the disagreeable sensation of experienced upon the voyage. We arrived in Iowa City, which was then the terminus of the railroad, a wreek later. The Saints were going from that point by teams and hand carts. Instead of continuing our journey as at first intended, much to my mother's disappointment, my father decided to remain there another year, so that we could go with more comfort and independence. We did not however realize our expectations; reverses came upon us. There was no work my father could engage in. My father and mother were both taken down with ague and fever and were unable to help each other or themselves for nearly a year. Expenses accumulated so that we had to dispose of our chinaware, cutlery, and many other articles that we had provided for our use and comfort. It was then that life's stern realities dawned upon me as never beiore It was about this time that Governor Kirkwood of Iowa and his wife engaged me as second girl at fair wages. Although they were kind and considerate, I realized my position keenly as a subordinate and to their bidding, which at first, was subject way. a to me. trial loss to mourn called the were we quite In 1856 I had infantum. from cholera many experiences of this kind but of our baby sister, the frail this at health wa3 quite thought that I was thus able to assist My mother's and care tenderest the my parents in the expenses of home, gave time, and required me courage, and made me ruore brave than and and sister attention from my myself, I were the only one benefited by my labor. if did not of residence although our change Then came an agreeable change; my as sense prove as successful in a pecuniary father regained his health and took a conwe expected, my mother felt confident that tract build Governor Kirkwood a frame to the Lord was mindful of her pleadings. It d house; which, when completed, netted us so happened that a year had scarcely elap--ewhen the light of the Gospel was quite a sum and enabled us to meet our was then decided brought to her, by a good old lady who financial obligations. It My mother that I go to school, leaving the girls at came to do our washing. home with mother, while I worked for my accepted it without any question or hesitawhose home was tion, and it seemed to inspire new life in board with a Mrs. Dunlap her, so much so, that within a month she a mile nearer the school. It was there I met Mr. George M. Keen, was baptized and confirmed a member of cousin a of Mr. Dunlap, who had come on a y Latter-daof Christ of Jesus the Church He was a from visit St. Paul, Minn. Saints. a and scholar eldest profession journalist. by At my mother's urgent request my a home month his for left he When of later, members sister and myself also, became we the that was with it open to obedience up 'a promise the the Church. I yielded so-call- BY A YOUNG LADY. What means the solemn dirge that strikes my ear? What means those mournful sounds svhy shines the tear? Why toll the bells the awful knell of fate? Ah! why those sights that do my fancy sate? Where'er I turn Those mourning tte general gloom appears, badges till my soul with fears; Hark! yonder rueful noise! 'tis done! The silent tomb invades our Washington! Must virtues exalted, yield their breath? Must bright perfection find relief in death? Must mortal greatness fall? A glorius name! What then is riches, honor and true fame? The august chief, the father and the friend, The generous patriot let the muse commend; Columbia's glory, and Mount Vernon's pride, There lies enshrined vith numbers at his side! Ther let the sigh respondent from the breast, Heave in rich numbers! let the glowing zest; Of tears refulgent beam with grateful love; And the sable mourning our affliction prove. kindred mortals weep! no more you'll find, man so just, so pure, so firm in mind; Rejoicing angels, hail the he venly sage! Celestial spirits greet the wonder of the Age! Weep! A Januaiy, ISoo. SKETCH OF Ulster Co. Gazette. THE LIFE OF MRS. ELIZABETH M. HART. Editor Exponent. The following brief sketch of the life of Mrs. Elizabeth M. Hart was written by her?elf during the first week in January, 1904, and read by her in the Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association in Bloom-ingto- n on Sunday evening, Jn.ioth. 1904, five days previous to the deplorable accident which caused her death. She was a domestic economist in the fullest sense of the word; a wise counselor, a well read and thoughtful student; a ready and interesting public speaker and a sincere and devout member of the Church of Jesus Christ, and made loving friends wherever she was known. It is the consensus of the feelings of the Stake Presidency and the auxiliary organizations of which deceased was an active member for so many years that in her departure they have lost one of the bright and shining lights among the noble women who labor among us so faithfully in building up rt sea-sickne- ss 