WOMAN'S EXPONENT prime mover in the Smoot case; related the story of the woman who made great preparation for a distinguished guest; and refused to help those, who came to her during the day because of expecting this great man but when she was worn out with work and waiting and had retired for the night, he visited her and she asked him, why he did not come as he had said be would, and he answered, that he had visited her three times during the day and each time had been turned away; the good we can do for others is the greatest good we can do; she thought the way to make our children love us is to let them help us. Sister Phebe Y. Beatie said she had been asked to speak of the nurse class, she felt it had been a great success this last year and hoped it would accomplish even more this year, and that the Presidents of Stakes will try to get good,virtuous,high-minde- d young women to take the nurse course of training; said you all remember Aunt Zina how night after night and day after day she visited the sick and the dying and brought comfort into hundreds of homes. Let us emulate her example and be comforters and do good as she did, and let us learn how to do these things well. President Jane S. Richards felt we had enjoyed a great feast here today, it does me a world of good to think we can meet and give each other a greeting; spoke beautifully of visiting the humble, some are not so well off in this world's goods, but that don't need to make any difference, try and hunt up those that no one else finds and seek to do them good even if they do not belong to the church. "I kuow a woman who goes to see every one that is sick and poor and don't get a chance to go to meetings and she hires a carriage and takes them out riding; ?he don't go visiting and take tea with her neighbors, but she does do good to those in need; Sister Richards spoke of President Young coming in once when she was sick, had been sick over a year and what comfort the visit gave her; there was an old couple she always sent for twice a year to her home and they always had a little meeting. Afterwards spoke of the work of the Society in her own stake and the good feeling that existed there and closed by saying, "May we live faithful and not be afraid to go home when we are called is my prayer." Sister E. B. Wells felt more then delighted to see such a magnificent congregation, said it is a compliment to our President her associates and to the organization itself. Some of the sisters have been detained at home by sickness, Sister Home has been ill all winter, and Sister Susan Grlnt one of our best Presidents who should have spoken here today, has a very sick son. Speaking of doing good to each other made her think of the love feast given in Kirtland by Bishop N. K. Whitney and his wife when they invited all the poor and lame and afflicted to the feast and the Prophet Joseph Smith came and sat at the table with them and partook of the hospitality extended to them, and he blest and comforted them greatly. President Jos. F. Smith was invited to come to this conference but was too busy, the great pressure of business prevented him. It is a great thing to preside over the Relief Society, the sun never sets on the Relief Society it extends around the world. Our President wishes me to present the names of the general officers to be voted upon here. The secretary presented them and they were sustained unanimously. Sister E. J. Stevenson said, "I love this work I have been greatly interested today in the excellent things we have heard, the Lord bless you my sisters and may His spirit be with you all. If I had twelve daughters I would want every one of them to take the course in nursing. May peace and union and charity dwell among you is my prayer. President B. W. Smith, made a few closing remarks hoped all had time enough to talk, was glad and rejoiced to see so many at the conference; blest all with peace and invoked the blessing of the Lord upon 95 be given in detail here. This outline will be sufficient to indicate its character and the interest which will attach to it. The week following the Council will be occupied by the International Congress convened under the auspices of the International Council. Of this the complete pro- gram upon which the German Committee has been working assiduously for many months is almost complete and later will be published in its entirety. At this writing, it is sufficient to say that the four sections into which, as previously announced, the Congress is divided will hold simultaneously six sessions each on the successive mornings of that week, while the program for the congregation. the evenings when the Congress will be Singing, "Praise God from whom all assembled as a whole, instead of in sections blessings flow" dismissed with prayer by will be as follows: Sister Priscilla Jennings. Conference adMonday, June 13th -- "The Present Status of the Woman's Movement in all Organjourned for six months. ized Lines." E. B. Wells, General Secretary. Annie Wells Cannon, Tuesday, June 14th "Frauen lohne." tern. Thursday, June 16th "The Relation of Secretary pro the Woman's Movement to Political Parties and Religious Sects." "Woman's SuffFriday, June 17th INTERNATIONAL QUINQUENNIAL. (CONCLUDED.; A Third very important proposition seeks to secure the proper representation not only of different nationalities, but of different races in the official corps of the Council. It is proposed that the constitution be so amended as to prohibit the International Council from having any two of the five chief executive officers from the same country and also from having any two of the five chief executive officers from the same race. It is evident from the propositions that have been sent in that there will be work enough to fill full the week of mornings and the half week of afternoons or evenings that have been reserved for business. As has before been announced, there are to be three Public Sessions of the Council. For the first of these the program in general will be as follows: a) Welcome by the President of the Ger- man Council. rage." Saturday, June 18th "The Underlying Aims and the of the Woman's Principles Movement." In relation to social functions concerning which I have received many inquiries, so far as the Council is concerned, there will be an official reception given to it by the German Council on the evening of June 8th, and there will be many other official and social affairs from June 6th to June nth, inclusive, while the evening of Wednesday June 15th has been chosen by the German Committee of Arrangements for the official reception to the Congress. The President is in receipt of information which leads her to believe that the International Council will be received with the greatest possible hospitality at the German capital, but it is premature at this time to announce with more definiteness anything concerning the social functions. In reply to many inquiries, I will say that it is not in accordance with the German custom to charge an admission fee, to sell tickets, rent boxes or anything of this kind for such public meetings, so the public meetings will be free to all. During Council week, there will be, of course, only one meeting at a time in progress excepting when the meetings of Standing and Special Committees are convened, and as the more distant countries will very likely be represented by the same woman on more than one such committees an attempt will be made to make even these meetings successive rather than simultaneous in so far as is possible. The Business Sessions of the Council are not open to the public. In reply to ma ny inquiries as to who are eligible to sit in the Executive Sessions of the Council, I will say that those who are entitled to a vote on the Executive are only the following: (a) The General Officers. (b) The President of each affiliated National Council or her Proxy. (c) Two delegates from each affiliated National Council or their respective Alternates. Although these are the only ones with a constitutional right to vote, there may also be present the following: (a) Chairman of all Standing Commitnon-offici- al b) Brief response by the President of the International Council who will then introduce the General officers, the Presidents of Affiliated National Councils and the Honrepresenting countries orary Council where organization is in progress. of these will present a brief greeting Each after which the address of the International President will be given. The Second Public Session will occur on the evening of Thursday June 9th when each of the Affiliated National Councils will be represented in'a speech of six minutes by a person specially elected for that purpose. The "Speaking Representative" for the United States will be Mrs. Ellen A. Richardson of Boston who will be present as will also her Alternate Mrs. Isabella Charles Davis of New York. The list of ' 'Speaking Representatives" for this occasion will be furnished later tn the papers. The Evening of Friday June 10th will be devoted to the advocacy of Peace and Arbitration, when speeches will be delivered in ihe three official languages of the Council; Lady Aberdeen delivering the address in that English, Madame Bogelot of France, Sutt-ner von Bertha in French, and Baroness that in German. So long and full a program of business tees. (b) Honorary as will be presented at the Executive cannot Vice-Presiden- ts Vice-President- s. 