Woman Exponent, 9 i The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH, Vol. 32 CONTENTS. Salt Lake Stake Conference Program U. S. D. R., 1904-190- 5 Women Physicians , Lady Warwick and Daughter 1). R. Meetings Roman Tea Party R. S. Reports Resolutions of Respect In Meinoriam Obituary Mothers Work ..... Intern .tional Council of Women The World in Turmoil Annual Meeting:, Banquet and Ball Febuary 29, 1904 An Old Ladies' Party Birthday Anniversary PokTKY When the Lilac Comes My Sister Spirit The EnnoKiAt, 73 74 75 75 75 75 76 78 78 78 79 79 76 76 77 77 77 73 75 - -- WHEN THE LILAC COMES. When the lilaf comes and the young birds sing, And the violet shevs her purple wing. And the primrose coppice is iair to see, Like a yellow cloud in an em' raid sea Oh, my heart leaps up like a wild bird free-W- hen the lilac comes! When the lilac comes, with its wealth of white, And hello rope radiance all alight. With a bieath as sweet as the new-mow- n hay That rests in the twilight at hush of day, And the acacia uncurls outside my room With a promise of future life and bloom-T- hai my heart like a bird, begins to sing-W- hen the lilac comes! 1904 sisters with whom she had labored so long. Reports were given from 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, nth, 13th, 14th and 15th. wards. Solo, "Some Day," by Sister Maggie C. Hull. Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde of the General Presidency, addressed fie sisters; referred to the good condition financially, of the Society in the stake as manifest by the reports given, felt the change in the Stake would be a good thing, strengthen-inthe Church, giving the young a chance to come forward and take part, each one developing himself or herself, as well as helping one another; referred to the faithfulness of President Hcrne, how the Lord had blessed her always in giving wise counsel; ':we should learn to control ourselves, we. should set good examples; this life is a proving place for us all; be careful of out children in all things; be careful how we judge one another, but be charitable to each other; we should pray for our presig dent." Reports, 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th wards. Meeting adjourned bv singing "We thank Thee, O Gd," etc. Prayer by Sister Julia C Howe. Afternoon ession, Counselor S. J Cannon presiding. Singing, "Now let us rejoice." etc. Prayer, Sister Mary A. C. minutes Lambert. Singing, quartette; Address from Presiread and accepted. dent M Isabella Home to the sisters, read by sister Annie Wells Cannon, -- When the lilac comes and the sun looks down laburnum chains and the snowdrop's gown, And the d daisies look up to the skies. And there's laughter of winds in place of sighs, And the dimpled brooklet that as it flows sings "Neatb thi bramble bush and the rose budding Th.a my spirit laughs like a child at play-W- hen the lilac comes! On pink-eve- PRESIDENT M. ISABELLA HORNE'S ADDRESS. My Beloved Sijcrs: the lilac comes in the garden wide This conference is, as you all know, the There's many a blossom the wall besi That sho-- a glimmer of conference of tne Relief Society of what last d white I hat from its is now the Salt Lake Stake of Zion, and peeps cover to rind the light; And ;i butterfly is sometimes seen. bright the time seems to me, most opportune to Like a golden star, near the ivy green; send you my heartfelt greeting, and. to And from th root of the old oak tree l b da T0J1U express to you some of my feelings in the golden smile up at me My heart is as glad as a heart can form of an address. reminiscent ot our past, hen the lilac comes! relating to our present and concerning our When the lilac luture as Relief Society workers comes, our athrill u he voice of the cuckoo In some respects tnis is a sad occidon, . adown the hill; And, lo, n is spring in t e air, for it means a parting of our ways. Heie- gleaming n lo, it is in our spirits fair' spring alter while sull engaged, I hope, in the Ana my heart o'erflows as the brook o'erflows same line of work, it will be under differit hurries away to find the rose; And my heart o'erflows as a golden sea ent fficers and different names, and we e over a cLTu lea. will meet no more in the same capacity but the world is as cowslip fair as a world can be I hope to meet with you all again in what hen the lilac comes! btakes you may be. I feei attached, to ever M. A. Becktngham you, every one, with the most lender ttel SALT LAKE STAKE CONFERENCE. ings, and shall always look upon your work with great interest, feeling towards the new The Relief Societv of SaU T oVp stakes like a mother to her children as they was held in the leave the home and begin making homej Assembly Hall, Saturday, March 5) Counselor Sarah Jenne Cannon for themselves. There is mingled in my presiding. Singing, " How firm a founda-"n- . heart, with the sadness of this occasion, etc. Prayer by Sister Elizabath great joy and satisfaction when I recall the SlnSin? solo, "Ouly Remembered wonderiul work that has been done and the f?ur, What We have Done." etc. Roll call, great amount of good accomplished by you, minutes of previous conference read and my sisters, in thi organization. cepted. Counselor S. J. Cannon made an Too much praise cannot be given you for address exhorted the sisters to your untiring labors. Out of nothing but lauhfuluess and referred to the noble exyour own energy and hard work you have and heroism of President Home, builded granaries, storehouses and meetingample a loving tribute to her worth and rehouses. By your gentle ministerings to setter: she could not be present with the the sick and afflicted, the poor and the When pick-streake- be-W- 1 . 3U SD? No. 10. needy your great helpfulness to the bishops in building up their wards, mingled with your wonderful testimonies of the faith, you are indeed rich, and great will be your reward and many the blessings that will come to you for your labors in these respects. Relit f Society work has been a part of my life for the past sixty years or more, for I attended the meetings of the first Relief Society organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith in Nauvoo and I wish to testily to you, my sisters, that Joseph Smith was of God when he effected the organization of the Relief Society, and it is one of the most important parts of the Church. It is so recorded in the book of "The law ed of the Lord." At the meeting in the Tabernacle when the general organization was made and Sister Eliza R. Snow wras made president, Brother John Taylor, then the presiding officer of the Church, had Brother L- John Nuttall bring to the meeting this precious book and read from its pages to those present, thus showing that this organization of the sisters was of great importance, lor it was ordained by the Lord; and it is not sufficient, my sisters, that your names are on the books as members only, and that occasionally you respond when called upon with some slight donation; for we will be judged from the books. Zion must work most ciligently, both spiritually and practically. It is the divine purpose of this organization that we may scatter the fruits of our labors where they are needed. Twentv-si- x years ago last December, while spending a few days at the home of Sister Elizabeth Howard in Big Cottonwood, in company with Sister Eliza R. Snow, Emmeline B. Wells and others, in a preliminary way the organization of this stake was talked over. I rt call this instance now, because Big Cottonwood, as well as all the wards ot the new stakes south of the city, now Granite and Jordan were a oart of this stake, and thete was then some ye trs later in Salt Lake Stake more than fifty branches. It was on the 22nd of December, 1877. that a special meeting was called to organize the Silt Like Make Relief Society. Bishop Edwird Hunter was present with others l the breth en. Sister El'za R Snow piesuled. It was then I was called to be your president and from that day to the present it has bten my most earned desire to encourage the sisters, both at our conferences, wnich we have always held every three months, and during my visits to the different wards, to continue in th s gteat, benevol nt w rk with all the energy they could command In looking over our present condition we have much indeed to be thankful for. Our reports show us to be in i very prosperous condition. Eight of our wards own Relief Society halls, and eight own granaries. We have considerable means on hand, both cash and merchandise and I am pleased to state are all th- - time disbursing m ans to help others. Through these organizations we have emigrated many people to Zion, - 