WOMAN'S EXPONENT 66 friendly correspondence. This was in July, Improvement Association at the same time, i860, and on the 21st, of April, 186 1, we and was appointed Slake Secretary of that were married. My mother was very much organization the same year. I took great opposed to our marriage because he was pleasure and satisfaction in traveling with not of our faith and she desired to take all the President, Mrs Nancy E. Pugrnire and of her children to Utah. It was in the same her counselors in all parts of the Bear Lake month and year the civil war began, and Stake of Zion and was honorably released when the call was made for seventy-fiv- e in September, 1903, covering a period of thousand volunteers, Mr. Keen could not twenty-fou- r years. resist that spirit of patriotism that fills the In the year 1884 I was chosen and set heart of every native born American when apart as a counselor in the Stake Presidency his country is in jeopardy. He joined the of the Relief Society of this Stake of Zion, Second Iowa Cavalry, and was engaged in a position I still hold, being associated with active service in many battles, but escaped sister Julia Lindsay as her first counselor unhurt, to return home and resume the and ably assisted by Mary J. Bagley as secavocations of life. Eleven months after his ond counselor. return he contracted a severe cold, which In conclusion I cm say that in the labor on and into the mentioned in which we have traveled herein 6th, developed pneumonia of September, 1865, he passed away. ot miles, not in Bear Lake thousands many In the mean time, that is in the year County only, but in Rich County, Utah, 1862, during Mr. Keen's service in the and in Star V Alley, Uinta County, WyomUnion army, I moved to Chicago with my ing, formerly belonging to this Stake organfather and mother and spent part of the time ization during all seasons of the year, and in Salem, Ohio, with Mr. Keen's parents sometimes in the most inclement weather, who did all they could to make life pleasant. that in these labors and associations among In 1 8 (38, I came with my parents to Salt the daughters of Zion and the noble mothLake City. We located in the 9th Ward, ers in Israel, they have afforded the greatand were rewhere we were est happiness that I have experiened during ceived as members of the Church. my life. moved to the central part of the l Elizabeth M. Hart. meet the to where necessary expenses city, we took in boarders. My father being unable to obtain emp'oyment as a machinist, MOTHERS WORK. became discouraged and had gone back to TAYLOR STAKE. Chicago, expecting my mother would return also, if left to depend upon her own . Woman, tier Sphere afid Mission resources; but with the help of her girls and to we the blessings of the Lord, managed She opeueth her mouth with wisdom and live and pay expenses. in her tongue is the law of kindness. WoHouse rents and provisions were then so man that fearetU the Lord shall be blessed. high that we could not afford to hira any' Prov. 31. God' s c?mniandment to Adam thing (lone, and to keep the class of boarders we had, required unceasing labor; in and Eve (Gen. 1:28 Gen. 3;i6). fact it was what my be called a slave's life. Childten are a gift ftom God. Doc. Notwithstanding our board rates were two II. Gov. Sec. 132. and dollars per day, we could only pay the rent and keep the table supplied. Care of parents in setting proper exOur relatives in Provo were constantly before their children. amples Instiling urging us to go there and make our home faith in the hearts of their children. and upon my mother receiving check from my father for a liberal sum, my III. Virtue and Mo? at purity. mother decided to move to Provo, and A child most be taught purity from its within a month we had bought a lot there with one large room upon it, making it cur infancy. Pure thoughts make a happy home, with an addition of a shed at the mind. Let your thoughts be chaste and back. We stored our furniture away until pure. Evil thoughts make vice and crime; honest thoughts and noble deeds build a we could make further building improvecharacter sublime. ments. I am thankful that I had such a faithful IV. and Theatening. mother, for it was through her faith and Scolding and threatening are real sins, untiring efforts and loyalty to her religion, that I am indebted for being brought to govern by love and kindness. "Kind words are bright flowers of earth's existence." these mountains and for a name and standin of the Church Christ in these Jesus ing V. Finding fault with our children. last days. We soon became identified with one of It is at times necessary to censure and the ward organizations and I was given a punish, but very much more may be done class in the Sunday School. It was there by encouraging children when they do well. in Provo I became acquainted with Sister Nothing can more discourage a child than Emily Hart, who was a warm friend of my incessant fault finding on the part of its dear mother. I was introduced by her to parents. Elder James H. Hart, to whom I was mar-rieVI. Use of Drugs a?id Patent Medicine. in 1873. with her full and free consent and approval, also that of my dear mother, Discourage the use of any deadening medwho believed in, and fully endorsed the icine to be given to our children. Encourage faith in God and the ordinances of the principle of plural marriage. In 1874 I moved to Bloomington, Bear Gospel. Doc. and Cov. sec. 42. Lake County, Idaho, with my husband. I VII. Artificial feeding of Infants how was soon identified with the Bloomington School and with the ward Primary prepared. Sunday Association of which I was chosen and apVIII. Diet and Dressing of Children. pointed President in the year 1879. I was also a member of the Young Ladies' Mutual How often we notice mothers who with ed s I J d great earnestness study the cultivation and treatment of flowers to make them healthy, and beautiful, and neglect their childrej, how to take proper care of those noble spirits whom the Lord has entrusted to our care that their little bodies may be healthy and strong. IX. Moral 1 taming of Children. It is a mistaken idea mothers that infants are not capable of being trained in any way until they are several mouths or a vear old. X. Care of Amusements for the Young. Evil of catd playing anioung our people. juvenile Instructor Aug. and Sept. No's by Pres. Joseph F. Smith. XI. Ordir of Marriage. First step commence aright, may save unhappiness. D)c. and Cov. Sc. 132. XII Object of Relief Society Work. Also the object of our Mothers Work. Ref. the Prophet Joseph Smith at the first Relief Society meeting. Hannah M. Russell, Rozilla Grant, Elizebeth Hardy. PANGUITCH STAKE. Lesson I. Woman. ' Oh, woman, woman, knew thyself,) And know thy mission too. Thou comest from tny makers hands, A mighty work to do.'" Eliza R, Snow. Woman. A. What is she? 1. Child of God. 2. Companion of her husband. B Her mission. 1. Child. Duties of child to parents. 2. Sister. Duties of a sister to household and to mankind. 3. Wife. "Nevertheless, neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man in the Lord" (I Cor. 11: n). 4. Mother. Duty to become a mother. "Be fruitful, and multiply and replenish the earth" (Gen. 1: 28). C. Her Reward. Earthly possessions. Husband, children. Consciousness of having obeyed commandments of God. Celestial 2. Heavenly possessions. inheritance. 1. Lesson II. Motherhood. "O wondrous power! how little understood; Entrusted to the mother's mind alone. To fashion genius, form the mind for good. A. It is a wife's duty to become a mother. B. influence. Habits of mother. like. Pre-nat- 1. C. Like begets Preparation for confinement. Diet. Clothing. 1. 2. 