WOMAN'S EXPONENT 74 in found homes for the orphau and the friendempty lamps, but be ready and waiting less and have contributed liberally towards full faith for the coming of the bridegroom. Now, as we ate about to separate in our the building and maintenance of the Temwork in this stake, take with you, my dear ple and houses of worship, and have, I be my heartfelt blessing. May the lieve, endeavored to promote all the interand the blessing of God be in the peace ests of Zion. Towards the Woman's Buildof all who are intering the Salt Lake Stake was assessed two hearts and habitations Lord. the of work thousand dollars, and this we have more ested in the Your sister and colaborer in ihe Gospel, than paid; the general treasurer states we M. Isabella Horne. have given two thousand, one hundred and Still fifty-si- x dollars and sixteen cents. General President Bathsheba W. Smith are of wards some the delinquent. The amount was proportioned among the differgave some instructions and expressed her ent wards and some have paid in more than leelings upon Relief Society work; exhorted of required while others are behind. The the sisters to live up to the principles was felt that and being Church all the good stake record, therefore, may look right, more than satisfying, yet, my sisters, do accomplished all over the world through not allow your wards to go out of the stake this grand society, spoke tenderly ot bister Horne and their long acquaintance and asbesociation together and felt she had been a the required sum is made up before you wise woman. come a part of another stake. Counselor Clara C. Cannon who had While our officers' meetings have been very well attended, and great interest has been long in the stake with Sister Horne, been shown, our conferences have been said she had enjoyed being with the sisters, rather discouraging in this respect. The felt that the change in the stake would be members do not seem to feel the necessity a great benefit to the yout?g in giving them of attending aud think the society will be something to do in the Relief Society work; all right if the president or some officer goes she had been so many years associated in so as to get instruction. Now, my sisters, the work that she felt sad in having the to keep in change take place; urged all to be honest order is not In this right. of work this touch with the organization, and diligent in doing all they could to roll benefits and receive the thereof, you must on the work. Sister E. B. Wells paid a glowing tribute attend your meetings and I hope the averhereto President Horne, referred to her maniage attendance in your soeiety will after improve. As it is our record shows fold labors for half a century and more, only out of an enrollment of about eighteen she having been a member of the Society in hundred an attendance of six hundred. I Nauvoo; spoke of her great activity in do not wish to find fault on this occasion, many ways and many places, her travels at and only mention these things in a kindly home and abroad, and gave a sort of hisway to urge upon you greater diligence in tory of the Salt Lake Stake organization, your future work. Through revelation its officers and what had been accompli-mefrom God the Prophet Joseph Smith organin many directions, hoin. industries, etc. ized the fisrt society of sisters in this last Solo, Sister M. C. Hull. Sister Clarissa S. sisters He the much said our interests were still the Williams dispensation. gave valuable instruction and predicted a great same to our fellow laborers, expressed her As soon as love for Sister Horne and many sisters she future for the Relief Society. location of the after the Saints in had become acquainted with, thought there possible these valleys, President Brigham Young was a great work for us to do; responsibility counseled tho organizing of these societies is a great benefit, it causes us to make exin all the stakes of Zion and also predicted tra efforts when we otherwise would not, for the sisters a great future. Today we thought the society would increase more see these predictions fulfilled, for the Relief rapidly in the future, double what it had Society is one of the largest and grandest done in the past fifty years. Sister Priscilla P. Jennings said she organizations of women in the world and by the united efforts of the sisters the good missed Sister Horne, felt to rejoice in the accomplished cannot be estimated. ConGospel, referred to President Smith being tinue, my dear sisters, in your good works, absent from us; she believed all would be help each other with kind, friendly feelings, well, the change in the stake would be a with faith and prayer. Try to promote all benefit to all. the interests of Zion, by sustaining home Sifter Lydia D. Alder: "We have love industries and home literature. Rememfor one another, referred to the ordeal of ber the Exponent is the organ of our orPresident Smith, felt she knew the influganization and enlightens you in regard to ence of such conditions for she had witRelief Society work. Read the Church nessed such trials herself she realized the works and carry their teachings in your importance of Relief Society work. own lives and instil them into the lives of Sister Emily S. Richards said she rememyour children. Do not be indifferent about bered Sister Horne many years gone by, she had tried to take storing and caring for the grain. Remempirt in the society in ber we were commanded by our beloved her young life, thought we should pray for leader, Brigham Young, to make this a Sister Horne. Sister A. W. Cannon read a notice of a part of our work, and I feel to urge upon you the necessity of attending to this matter Nurse Class to commence in September, for I judge by the signs of the times, that Dr. Margaret C. Roberts, Instructor. before long we will be called upon to open Sister E. B. Wells made some explanaour granaries, and great will be our shame tions in regard to the National and Interif they are empty, or it we have neglected national Councils and moved that the asthis duty. We were told through revelation sembly send love and to President greeting to save the grain against a day of famine. Horn ?, and by a rising vote express thanks Other prophecies are being fulfilled, why to those who had assisted in should this one not? Let us be prepared, make the conference a success. helping to sisters for this day, and let the women of Prof. C. J. Thomas and others Mentioned Zion be prepared for all emergencies and been helpful, Sister Home's who had counselors, not be like the foolish virgins with their aids, secretaries and treasurers, and all who s, had labored so efficiently during the administration of President Horne. The motion was seconded by Sister Mary Alice Lambert and all on the stand and carried unanimously by a rising vote. Singing by a quartette. Counselor Sarah J. Cannon announced the conference would be adjourned forever, so far as she knew. Brief remarks in loving words for President Horne by Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson, who also pronounced the benediction. JuliaS. Woolley, Sec. Amelia F. Wardoup, Act. PROGRAM U. S. D. R., J904 MARCH Sec. 1905. i 6th. Alexander Hamilton, Lucy E. W. Smith, Story relating to the trial of Aaron Burr. Sarah F. Smith. Patriotic poem or hymn, name of writer, Maria Y. Dougall. April i6th. La Fayette, Isabel M. W. Sears. Story relating to topic, Mira Y. Rossiter. Patriotic poem or hymn, name of writer, Julia F. Lund. MAY 1 6. Nathan Hale, Julia P. M. Farnsworth. Story relating to topic, Catharine Wells. Patriotic poem or hymn, name of writer, Phebe Y. Beatie. SEPTEMBER l6TH. Anthony Wayne, and the capture of Stony Point, Ella W. Hyde. Story relating to the Battle of Monmouth and Mollie Pitcher, Almira H. M. De Wolf. Patriotic poem or hymn, name of writer, Elizabeth R. Wright. OCTOBER I6TH. John Quincy Adams, Mary A. H CanStory relating to topic, Emily H. C. Willey. Patriotic poem, name of writer, Carol Cannon. non. NOVEMBER l6TH. Incidents of the occupation of Philadelphia by the British, Clarissa S. Williams. Story relating to Thanksgiving, Martha R. Groo. Patriotic poem or hymn, name of writer, Clarissa Y. Spencer. DECEMBER l6TH. Paul Jones and the U. S. Navy, Mary R. Webber. Story relating to topic, M. Mabelle Snow. Patriotic poem, name of writer, Diana F. Rich. JANUARY. Roger Williams, Alice M. Horne. Story relating to Ann Hutchinson, Eliza Patriotic poem, name of writer, Emmeline B. Wells. Tit-com- b. FEBRUARY I6TH. Martha Washington and history of the White House, Florence S. Sears. Patriotic poem, name of writer, Emily Y. Claw-soStory relating to topic, Ann Lvman King. n. Mrs. Rebecca Douglass Lowe of Atlanta, of the General Federation of Women's Clubs, was married on St. Valentine's day to Mr. George Gunton, editor of Gunon's Magazine. She will reside in Washington, D. C, nt 