WOMAN'S EXPONENT 72 2. Let exercise be helpful to parent, if 4. 5. 6. I Noblest Mission of Woman, aEvery woman should aspire to being begin? come an honorable wife amd mother, What benefit is a mother's exper the first commandment "Multiply ience to her offspring? and replenish tLe earth." b. PreHow may the mother gain the paration for this honorable calling, child's confidence? study every part of domestic science Effect of rude language in the that home may be a pleasant place home. for husband and children, c- Order, Where should a child be taught economy and thrift. manners, morals and religion? Lesson II' Are Parents Responsible for Annie Bischoff. the Character and Disposition of ChilIX. Government: possible. 3. At what age should a child's train Lesson - - 7: Lesson "Those who govern others must first learn to govern self." How should we govern our young 1. boys and girls? ' 2. 3. 4. Influence of music at home. Make companions of our boys and girls. Duties of parents to growing boys and girls. Chloe B. Lee. Development of Youth. a The mind should control natural desires, b. Growth obtained through c. Emulate the acts of and men women, d- Stamp good minds of the youth the the upon revealed of religion, which principles are true pure and exalting. c. "The glory of God is intelligence," this should be an incentive to all who desire to become like Him. Lesson XII. Review of lessons. Lesson XI. WAYNE STAKE. self-activit- y, - Sarah S. Forsyth, Anna Coleman, dren? a. Education should begin before the Jane S. Coleman, birth of the child, b Mothers should control their thoughts and actions, have noble, pure and beautiful, VALENTINE'S DAY. thoughts, keep in mind that which According to some ecclesiastical writers, is most desirable lor ycur child. St. Valentine was a bishop, according to others a presbyter. He was beheaded at Lesson III. The Care of Children. of the Emperor Clauda. Nursing, bathing, pure air, and Rome in the reign sunshine, b- Pleasant occupation, ius, 270 A. D., and was early canonized. Wneatley says: "He was a man of most keep them occupied with something admirable parts, and so famous for his love useful and instructive, c- As soon and charity that the custom of choosing as old enough let them do something valentines upon bis festival took its rise for their parents, have some responfrom Others derive the custom thence." sibilities, that tbey may feel they from birds being supposed to select their are a necessity to home. mates on this day; others from a custom Lesson IV. Reverence and Worship in practised in ancient Rome at the festival of the Home, the Supercalio, during the month of Feba- Prayer, singing, proper examples. ruary, when among other ceremonies, the (Ref. Editor's Table, Era No 2. vol. names of young women were placed in a 7.) box, from which they were drawn by men as chance directed, with the same merriLesson V. ment that valentines are exchanged toUse b. Teach the day. a. good language, The pastors of the early church, finding third commandment, c. Avoid slang. it impossible to extirpate this heathen cereLesson VI. Government in the Home, mony, changed the form. It was the cusa. Rule with love and firmness, t. tom on the eve of St. 'Valentine to have Obedience the first law of heaven. the names of a select number of one sex Lesson VII. Rights and Privileges of put into some vessel by an equal number of the other, and thereupon everyone drew Children. a. The Apostle Paul says "Provoke a name which for the time being was called not your children to wrath, b- - Re- his or her valentine. The custom of choosing valentines existspect children, teach thtm to honor ed very early. Presents of gloves, garters and respect their parents. (Ref. 5th and jewelry were common as valentines. c. Teach them to commandment.) C. J. T. honor the Priesthood and be obedient for Club. Written to counsel from proper authority, d. Reaper's teachers and elderly persons. Respect Lesson VIII. Keep Children Home Save Money! Evenings. And when you get a dollar, deposit It with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust make the happiness a. Parents Company, the oldest and largest savings and welfare of the children your inbank in Utah. terest, join with them in their childSince the establishment of the bank ish games, sing with them, tell them we have opened more than 37,000 savmoral stories calculated to elevate, ings accounts. The laws of Utah permit marrie reading in the home circle, b. Socials women and also childrenwho are minors and entertainments, young and old to open savings accounts in their own together. name, subject to their own order. Have Lesson IX Word of Wisdom. you such an account? If not, open one NOW a. Ref. Book of Doctrine and CovenWe pay FOUR PER CENT INants, Sec. 89. b. Observance of TEREST on any amount from one dolsame. Its effects on the home. lar to five thousand, and compute said Lesson X. M oral Training. interest aand b. WRITE for any information desired. Truthfulness, honesty, c. Kindness Joseph F. Smith, Prest. to friends and animals, d- - Cultivate George M. Cannon, Cashier.. No 1 Main Street. pure thoughts and actions. - Lesson 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. X. How shall we Punish Children: What punishments are. Are punishments necessary? Give proof from observation, history, revelation, True aim of punishments. Kinds of punishments. Governing principle make pun ishments natural outgrowths of offense. Laura Lyman Bunting. Lesson XII. Whom Shall Our Daughters Matty? 2. How shall they prepare themselves physically, mentally and spiritually? (Ref. read Young Woman's Journal, vol. xiv, p. 205; Improvement Era, pp.441-446. Ellen H. Jolley. Whit the Home can do fot Lesson XIII. Intellectnal Training: 1. Give opportunity to apply know ledge gained at school. 2. Furnish regular attendance for the school. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. The home should keep up interest in school work (a) keep school work before child, (b) give any needed assisstance. Support the teacher with good will and good word. Furnish opportunity to use knowl edge so that child sees its practical value. Provide all necessary books and material for school work. Relieve child of home duties suffic iently to guarantee time for preparation and home study. The home above all should inspire a love for culture and emulation of worthy lives, by study of . biography and good literature in the home reading that eery family circle should provide. Lucy F. Grant, Pres. Sadie Partridge, Sec. - - . Your Semi-annuall- y. - Self-relianc- e self-contro- l, CLASS IH WIDU1IFEHV R. K.THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. VE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. We aim to give you as TRY US flflD 1D!SIKG. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her class in Midwifery and Nursing April 7, 1904. One student free. Write for particulars. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. 