WOMAN'S MY SISTER SPIRIT. TO EMMHLINE B. WELLS. metbinks in worlds afar, sweet sister spirit mine We knew and loved each other with tenderness divine; That hand in hand together we roamed Elysian grove, Heart beating close to hart with pure supernal Oh EXPONENT. trades, schools and shops for young women ladies of the Society. Mrs John D. Spen ana in many other ways, she has identified cer read a letter from Mr. Burr's daughter I herself with the interests of the workers. WARTCK AND DAUGHTER. Rarely would a wedding in "high life" abroad concern the readers of this 'paper, but an exception would certainly be made in the recent marriage of Lady Marjorie to Viscount Helmsley. Marjorie Gervile, as her mother wished her to be known during her school days.is the daughter of the Countess of Warwick, long regarded as the jnost beautiful woman in England, and the world over for her participation in industrial and social reforms. As owner and editor of an agricultural paper, speaker at socialist congresses, founder of to her father, her devotion to and showing The latest of the philanthropic schemes is admiration of this man of destiny, revealtne purchase ot the "Saracen's Head," an ing the strong affection between father and inn near her country place in Essex, which she has now converted into a temperance tavern, it is said greatly to the benefit of the surrounding country as it was the only love. piace in tne country where liquor could be As children of one Father, our great eternal One! procured. We waited there His pleasure, we lingered near In the education of her daughter Lady His throne; Warwick has proceeded according to Until at length He called us, angel spirits to this the same democratic ideals that she advoearth. To obtain our mortal bodies, thus to gain imcates for others. Marjorie was sent to the mortal birth. public schools in childhood and allowed to play with village children, while at her How infinite His wisdom, how great His goodness too, home she had a garden and poultry to That still we can together His wondrous works care for, a Jersey cow to milk, and was pursue. taught practical dairying and agriculture That we congenial spirits may labor in His all outdoor sports. Lady Marjorie was and cause, Thus gain eternal blessings by obtying sacred presented at court last year and was at laws. once regarded as the prettiest peeress in the kingdom and now she is married to the When life's mission we have finished our weakheir of one of the historic earldoms of Engnesses o'ercome. With affection undiminished, may we meet land with all the pomp and circumstance again at Home. befitting her ancestral home, grand old May our crowns of endless glory with unceasing Warwick Castle, which no person visits lustre shine without seeing if possible. King As reward for this probation, O. sweet sister England spirit Edward sent the bride a valuable present mine. Ellis R. Shipp. with an autograph letter with best wishes February 2q, 1904. for her happiness, and in this we all may join, and those who remember Lady Warwick's participation in the reception given WOMEN PHYSICIANS. by her sister, the Duchess of Sutherland, At a recent meeting of the Historical to the International Council of Women will Ex. Society of Lynn, Mass., Mrs. May L. Shelgive the heartiest amen. don read a paper on "The Doctors of the Old Town." She said that the first doctor recorded in the history of Lynn was D. R. MEETINGS. Deborah Armitagej who in early colonial WASHINGTON'S BITIIDAY. times trudged from Salem through Lynn to Maiden with her bag of drugs, herbs The Daughters of the Revolution met and lotions, ministering to the sick of all 22, in the Exponent Wednesday, classes. For over thirty years she gath-eie- d office, at 11 February to commemorate the ana.m., herbs from the pastures, roadside niversary of General George WBshington's and swamp, made her salves and lotions, birthday. The Regent, Mrs. Isabel M. W. and put her healing powers to use. She Sears, presided. Each one present brought was devoted to duty, and yielded her life some sentiment, original or selected, or to its demands. In January, i860, there spoke a few words as a tribute to the memcame a heavy snowfall which lasted for sevory of one whom all true Americans delight eral days and covered her humble cottage. to honor; the stars and stripes were disWhen the neighbors came to dig away the played conspicuously and other decorations snow, they found her absent. A search adorned the walls of the room. Mrs. Bath-sheb- a revealed her stiffened body in the snow W. Smith, herself an enthusiastic near Saugus, where she had been on her Virginian, felt proud of her state as the way to minister-ta patient. home of this great and good man, and euloMadame Maria Martin in Le Journal des gized his life and labors; at the close of Femmes for February, has a brilliant arti- the reading of sentiments and remarks by cle on "The Education of the Father." others, including some visitors, Mrs. Mary She points out that the world has had McNaughtan and Mrs. Mary Smith Wi Eaabundant preaching on the duties of mothrner, also Mjs. C. Willis Schow, Mrs. C. ers and it is now time that the attention H. Y. Spencer read a poem on General of lathers should be called to their duties Washington, written by Miss Josephine to their children, to the spirit especially in the way of Spencer, which added greatly The occasion. of the them a setting meeting opened and good example. closed with pra er. LADY 75 On Wednesday, March 17, the ladies of the D. R. held their regular monthly meeting, Et 3 p m., in Room 509 Templetou Building. The Regent in the chair. After the opening exercises and reading of minutes, considerable business was transacted, and the program of the day carried out. Mrs. John Henry Smith gave a very entertaining and valuable paper on Alexander Hamilton, which was greatly appreciated, and she was followed by Mrs. Lucy W. Smith on Aaron Burr; this paper brought out many striking attributes of Aaron Burr's character hitherto unknown to the child. Mrs. Spencer also read some extracts from Blennerhassett, showing phases of the man's character eatirely different to the general opinion. The discussion of the papers was quite edifying. Adjourned until April 16, to convene at Mrs. T. G. Webber's, 131 Second Sireet. Prayer by the chaplain. ROMAN TEA PARTY. Those who know Mrs. Gafihey, late president ot the N. C. W. of the U. S., will be pleased" to see the following notice of a five o'clock Tea given by her recently in the historic city of Rome, w7here she is spending the winter, her daughter, Miss Jayta, is with her there. Miss Humphreys is the granddaughter of the famous late Dr. Humphreys who visited Salt Lake in the spring of 1898 and wrote a book entitled "A Flight in Spring." Hi's little granddaughter was with him on that journey. -- Ed. "A recent issue of Ultalie, a leading of a account of an contains Rome, daily well Americans social, affair in which a was known in Salt Lake participated. It five o'clock lea given by Madame St. John The Gaffney at the Hotel Quirinal. charming hostess did the honors with the most exquisite amiability, assisted by Chevalier St. T. John Gaffney ard Miss Humphreys. Those present were according to the Roman newspaper, 'the Cardinaux Seraphin et Vincent Vanuute'li, Mgr. Staniero, protonot aire apostolique; M. de Navenna, minister of France; the Countess Mile Bevilacaua; M. de Jagow, conseiller de l'ambissade d' Allemague; M. Multodo, conseiller de l'ambassade d' Espague prea le Saintsiege; le consul general des Etats Uniset Mme. de Castro, la baronne Coletti, le major Edwards, attache militaire de 1' ambassade des Etats Unis avec Miss Ed wards, Mrs. Aldrich, M. F. D. et Miss Crimmins. Mile. Vannutelli, Mrs. Magee, Mrs. Stewart, M. et Mrs. Simmons, Mrs. et Mis Robinson, Mrs. et Miss Mac Cor- nick, le major et me Serra, Mrs. Vedder, Mrs. Chester Weeks, don Lelio Orsini, le compt Bcjaiii, le pere Whitmee, le marquis Faa di Brnno, le comte Oddi Baglioni, le comte Gnoli, le marquis Mac Swiney, le marquis Maestri Molman, M. Galileo Vannutelli, le corute Falcon ieri di Carpegna,' and a large number cf diplomats and young people of fashion." Among all the great people who have been born in February, Mrs, Isabella Beecher Hooker is one of the most notable. On Monday, Feb. 22, she attained the age of eighty-tw- o and the fact was duly regarded by the citizens of Hartford, where she has lived for fifty-fou- r years. Mrs. Hooker is the last of the distinguished sons and daughters of Rev. Lyman Beecher, D. D., and all oi those who gathered lovingly around Mrs. Hooker at the family banquet were of the younger generations, children and grandchildren, nephews and nieces Mrs. Hooker is still in active suffrage work and says she feels as if she should live to Ex. be a hundred years old. 