WOMAN'S Smoking Concerts. We had no idea what such a place Tvould be like and as we all had gentlemen with ns we were safe. Arab and Italian women played the most astonishing instruments, and altogether the whole affair was so disgusting we did not stay many minutes, but strangers like to see all they can in a foreign place. There had been no time for our escorts to investigate before entering as we had only a short time to remain on shore while the steamer was coaling, and they will not wait a second when they are ready. Passing through the canal is a break to the monotony of the voyage and makes the passengers very sociable. Although a journey from England to India is very enjoyable, and I should not mind making the my beloved India. voyage again to With kindest regards. Yours Very Sincerely, re-vis- it Maria Francis. NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. Miss Florence Hay ward has been selected by the St. Louis World's Fair to collect the material for the exhibit in the historical section of the department of anthropology. Lucretia Willard Treat, widely known as a kindergarten lecturer, writer and organizer, is dead. She was principal of the Training School for Kindergarten Teachers, Grand Rapids, Mich. Mrs. Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker of Hartford, Conn., was eighty-tw- o years old on Feb. 22. "I am full of life and feel as though I should live to be a hundred," she said, in The birthday response to congratulations. was observed by a family gathering in the evening. Queen Wilhelmina inaugurated the festivities attending the queen mother's jubilee with a gala dinner at The Hague recently. Speaking for herself and for the Prince Consort,, she proposed the health of the queen mother, whose life, she said, had been prolonged, "not for herself alone, but, by the grace of God, for her people, who adored her." The Empress of Germany, the Princess Henry, and others of the royal household have promised to attend the Quinquennial of the International Council ot Women in Berlin next summer. The Berlin Central Committee has for its active chairman Mrs. Hedwig Heyl, wife of the Imperial Councillor of Commerce. EXPONENT twenty feet wide, and eight feet to the eaves. It is to be set up near Cape Mount, Sierra Leone. Ex. Boston Woman's out ml. IN DEATH ME MORIAM. 7 Lesson 1. 2. 3. 5- bright spirit passed to the "other side" when Sister Elizabeth M. Hart departed from mortality on Friday January 15, 1904, death came without warning and all were unprepared for the sad event. Sister Hart has been a member of the Relief Society Boe rd of the Bear Lake Stake for nearly twenty years, having bten chosen 2nd Counselor to President Julia P. Lindsay, Tuly 13, 1834, and 1st Counselor, June n, 1899, which position she held at the time of her death. She was also Stake Secretary of the V. L. M. I. A. for many years. Our dear Sister has left a host of sorrowing there "fritnds, and in the hearts of her are thoughts which lie too deep for tears or words. Through her refined nature she could lead others to higher tastes and nobler conduct. She carried with her a sweet spirit of peace, and possessed the power of winning hearts by her genial manner. Her great desire was to remain true to the Gospel of Christ; this she has done, and has labored devotedly for the advancement of the work of God, her example shines for emulation by the daughters of Zion. It is a great thing to be ready at the Master's "call" with the work allotted us "well done." The funeral services were held in the Paris Tabernacle on Monday the iSth. The obsequies were in every way appropriate. Among the speakers was our beloved and aged President Julia P. Lindsay who was grief stricken at the thought of parting with one with whom she had labored harmoniously for years past. The music was heavenly and inspiring. A beautiful selection was rendered by the choir entitled "Thy Will Be Done," and a Solo by Elder Jos. R. Shepherd, "He Giveth His Beloved - We have lost a faithful sister She has reached the radiant shore We must labor on without her 'Til earth's pilgrimage is o'er. Then shall we all meet in heaven In that home we loved of yore, There unite with severed spirits With dear friends to part no more. Nancy H. Allred. Piety in the Home: 4. The graces which adorn the Christian character shine with their richest lustre in the setting of the home circle. 2. 3. 4. Give definition of piety and its association with the idea home. Discuss ways in which a Latter- day Saint home differs from other homes. Influence of example of parent. To what extent are silent forces of value? 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. Influence of early home life on en tire future of the child? Family devotion and its value. Good resolutions and confession of faults and failures. Proper literature and its use in the home (Bible and Church publications.) Command to teach children the Gospel (Doc and Cov 58: 25- 34.) Laura Lyman Bunting. Lesson V. Love for the Gospel: How shall we awaken a love for the Gospel in the child? 2. How ma1- the child know the Lord loves and cares for His children? value of early training. Show 3. How 4. may we use Church publi cations to accomplish this end? 5. What stories shall we tell them? 1. The floral decorations were profuse and beautiful. She has left us for a season And earth's temple laid to rest, But the soul, Ah! its immortal And is mingling with the blest. With children. Learn first to show piety in the home. I Tim. Sleep." Gone! sweet spirit to our Father, Gone to join with saints ab ve. ' She has nobly filled her mission She has done a work of love. Woman's Influence: Her influence in the home. In society and public. Lesson IV. OF A NOBLE WOMAN. A. III. (Ref. to Doc. and Cov. 68: 25-31- .) Ellen H. Jolley. Lesson VI. ' Household Economy: Tis not how much we have, but how we use 1. 2. 3. 4. it.' How may mothers be economical in the home? What kind of material is always cheapest? Why? How shall we care for our clothing? Teach children to have a place for their clothes. 6. Show how economy may be used in cooking. Need we be stingy to be economi 7. Will economical 5. cal? MOTHERS' WORK. BIG HORN STAKE. Lesson 1. Woman: 8. habits produce happiness? How may we be economical in making presents. (Ref. p i6, Young Woman's Journal vol. xiv, No. 5.) Annie Bischoff. 1. Woman, who art thou? Princess Wiszniewski, who lately died 2. Where didst thou come from: in Paris, founded in 1896 the Universal Lesson VII. Hereditxry Tendencies: 3. What is thy mission? Alliance of Women for Peace, and was its if be reward will What thy 4. 1. When should parents begin training president. Many American women are enthou hast fulfilled thy mission ing their children? rolled among its nearly 6,000,000 members. faithfully? The 2. rights of babies to be well The maiden name of the princess was Chloe B. Lee born. Hugot, and she was a native of Bergundy. does a parent's responsibility When Home: dev3. Lesson II. has she For more than thirty years begin? oted herself to the cause of peace, ably ashome Give ideas of a 1. does it end? (Ref. School .When 4. Wiszniewski. sisted by her husband, Prince (Y. W. J. vol. xiii.) and Fireside by Dr. 'Maeser, pp. 2. What are our duties in the home? Miss Agnes Mahony, a missionary who 50-5Chloe B. Lee. is to return to West Africa next month, 3. Are our homes as we would like them? will take with her a complete house, crated in Lesson VIII. Childhood: 4. Of what should home be typical? sections, and ready to be set up in the wilds effects. of and home Influence as a home for herself, a hospital for the 5. "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy." The (Ref. Young Woman's Journal, sick and a chapel for her converts. I. Give children. pienty of outdoor vol. xiv, p. 516, vol. xi p. 577. house is of Yellow pine, with a roof of H. Ellen Jolley. It is forty feet long, corrugated iron. well-plann- ed 