WOMAN'S EXPONENT 26 old, and looks as fresh as though it had just been completed. A striking feature of. these homes is their freshness, being painted often to preserve them, as they are made of wood. Most of them are painted white, and look very pretty among the green trees. We also visited the family cemetery. After visiting the beautiful places here we were driven to 'Trout's Neck," a beautiful resort within a stone's throw of the ocean, owned by Ira Foss and his two sisters, my husband's cousins. There were about one hundred guests at the resort, which is commodious enough to accommodate two hundred, the grounds with the woods near by are very beautiful. For the first time in my life I gatherad shells on the sea shore and heard the waves dash against the rocks. In the evening the family gathered in their parlors, where the time was pleasantly spent in relating incidents of progenitors who lived about here so many yeans ago. Next morning we bade goodby to friends, and to one of the most beautiful places it has been my pleasure to visit, and retnrned to Boston. We visited while in Portland the birthplace of Henry W. Longfellow, and anThe next other home he once occupied. Boston in remained we Sunday day being Saints' meeting, to attend the Latter-daafter which we went on to Northampton, where we arrived a short time before dark. The names of the places now began to become familiar to me, as I had heard my mother speak of them so often, but not so with the country for I had not imagined anything so beautiful. We walked leisure ly along enjoying the appearance of the streets and houses as we passed. The side walks and streets were almost covered with grass which continued on to the doors, and with so many large trees the places looked like a continuous garden. It surely is the prettiest, cleanest little city I have ever visited. The principal manufacturing We walked around is that of silk thread. the grounds of the Smith College for girls where we were told that five thousand girls attended school. We continued our walk until dark when we took rooms for the night. After getting located, we went out again to get the air, the evening being very warm. Thinking we were near my cousin's home we inquired where Charles Gloyd lived, the gentleman answered, "This is the place, come in." They were expecting us having already We went in, but did not met one train. intend to stay to stay this time as it was getting late, but said we would call in the morning. He said he felt he had something to say about that and requested that we remain at his home while in the city and as long as we could, and this being the feeling of his wife we were pleased to remain, as we wished to spend all the time we could with our people, which was the object of our visit. We did not retire until late, we were so interested in talking of loved ones. My cousin remembered my mother well, especially the morning she aad her cousin left their home to take the long journey with ox teams to the Rocky mountains. He thought they must have had great courage to undertake such a journey. I told him they exhibited this same courageous spirit throughout their lives, that nothing would have induced them to give up their pioneer life and leave the great work which would gain for them an exaltation in the world to come. They had heard but little of the Gospel for which my moth y er had left her home, and made some inquiries, especially becoming interested in vve re the Redemption lor the Dead, mained at their home until the louowmg afternoon when we started for Cumming-ton- , the birthplace and early home of my mother, mv cousin accompanying us. We took the street car to Williamsburg, a dis tance of ten miles, here we procured a team as we had about nf teen more miles to travel, oassine over a beautiful country, the road winding around hills which were covered with dense forests of maple, oak, elm, cher ry and different kinds of nuts. Along tne roadside which followed the Westfield river were many beautiful ferns and shrubbery cf different kinds, the sumach especially being noticable with its beautiful red berries. Occasionally we would see beauti ful flowers, the laurel, tiger lily, roses, daisies, etc., as well as a variety of herbs. I thought it no wonder our grandparents so well understood the use of them as medicines. On entering Cummiugton we saw the Bryant Library, which had been presented to the town by William Cullen Bryant. In the evening we met my cousin's son and daughter and son's wife who were spending a few days in Cummingtou, which is a cool, Early in the delightful place in summer. to around at look out started we morning a Visited of interest. the places paper mill, called on some friends who were neighbors to my mother, whose names were as familiar to me as the names of my own personal friends, and they seemed very pleased to see us, asking that we remain with them longer. After being entertained for several hours by two of my cousin's nieces we went driving around the William Cullen Bryant summer home. It was here, we were told, he wrote "Thanatopsis." The home is It is situnow occupied by his daughter. ated on a hill with other hills surrounding it, covered with woods, a large orchard is near by and a grassy plot surrounds the A little further on we came to the house. place where my mother was born and lived This is also on a hill for many years. and other hills surrounding it are covered with maple trees that my grandfather A owned, behind it rises Deer Hill. the foot are at of of houses the hill, group where a stream of water runs on where my grandfather's woolen mills once stood. The home has been abandoned for years, as one could tell by its appearance. It has recently been purchased by parties who are going to repair it. The lady invited us in to look at the house, being pleased that we were so much interested in it, and thought she would now like the home better herself. Having brought our lunch, we ate it under a large maple tree in the front yard and for desert we gathered wild raspberries near by. We drank from the spring which furnished water for our kindred people, and plucked roses to press and preserve that grew near the door, and which were planted by them, while a short time before we had gathered flowers from their graves. We walked through the tall grass to look at the old mill wheel, the only remains of Grandfather Gloyd's woolen mills in which my mother worked to secure means which enabled her to gather with the people who had the Gospel that was so dear to her. After looking around we came to the conclusion that there had cnce been a comfortable and prosperous home, and were told that times were lively enough when bur grandfather was there carrying on his business. I now realize more keenly than ever before the sacrifice our parents made in leaving their homes for the Gospel sake. With a prayer in my heart to my Heavenly Father that my mother had been inspired of Him to receive the Gospel and guther with His people whereby she could be the means of redeeming her father's household, and also with feelings of gratitude in my heart for the privilege of realizing this much desired visit, we rode away and the day closed on one of the most interesting and enjoyable times of my life. Abbie H. Cowley. D. R. MAY MEETING The Utah State Society Daughters of the Revolution met on Monday, May 16, 1904, at the home of the secretary Mrs. Lucy Woodruff Smith,, the Regent, Mrs. Isabel The parlors were M. W. Sears presiding. with decorated handsomely Sags of various made which the occasion nations, very imand stars the were mpst pressive, ftripes conspicuously placed, and there were many countries effectively represented by these beautiful emblems. After prayer by the Chaplain, and the usual business routine, the Regent, Mrs. Sears, stated that the report had been to the General Society, and fhe had received a letter from Mrs. Alice Merrill Horne, the Delegate from the Utah D. R. to the Annual Convention of the General Society in New York City, stating that she had been present at the meetings and had read the report which was favorably received and that she received considerable applause, also that in behalf of the Utah D. R. she had given ten dollars towards the purse of money pi esented to the President General, Miss Adaline W. Sterling, by the several states represented in the General Society. The action of Mrs. Horne in giving the money met with unanimous approval of the members. A circular letter was then read from the Geneial Society stating that a plan was being formulated for the placing of some mark or monument at Yorktown. The Regent stated she had informed the chairman of said committee that Utah D. R. would give its proportion to this particular purpose. It was moved and carried that the Regent be sustained in the matter. The business being finished the program was then given. An interesting sketch of the life of Nathan Hale was given by the Regent, Mis. Sears, for Mrs. Julia P. M. Farnsworth. who had beea unable to prepare her topic on account of serious illness in her family. Mrs. Farnsworth read with much feeling a poem written for Nathan Hale, and Miss Catherine Wells concluded the subject with a very fine sketch of Mr. Hale's courtship and the woman he loved. Meeting then adjourned until the annual meeting, June 10, 1904. There were present beside the members, as guests, Charlotte F. Richards, Lucy Smtth Acorn b, and Rebecca E. Nibley. Dainty refieshments were served and social conversation indulged in, relating more particularly to the different flags, etc., Mrs. Smith had collected while abroad. lor-ward- Mes-dam- E. B. IV. es 