WOMAN'S EXPONENT 8o few times heard the remark, "It is hardly worth while to cross the ocean for I have the sake of speaking six minutes." No doubt there have been words uttered in much less than six minutes that have cost much more in time and money than will the journey to Berlin cost any of the participants in the quinquennial of the council; but no one who considers the program of June 9th, as initiated above, from the point of view that those who take part in it come from their respective countries simply "to speak six minutes," is as yet imbued with the council idta. One goes, not for what she herself is to say, but for what all the others who come up to Berlin will say. One goes to contribnte a single facet to the diamond, a single sentence to the speech which all will make, a single aspect to the whole which I call internationalism. One other very, important matter bearing upon the quinquennial and the international congress was decided. The local committee, of which Frau Hedwig Heyl is chairrnan, has determined to decorate the corridors of the halls where the meetings are to be held with a collection which will represent the work and progress in art of the women of the differeut countries included in the international council. A special committee Las been formed to take charge of this exhibit, of which Frau Margarethe Keyner is the chairman. The exhibit is to include the following classes of objects. "First: Portraits of characters who have rendered real and great service on behalf of the Woman's Movement, either as propagandists or as practical workers. "Second: Works of art, such as busts, statuettes, and paintings which illustrate woman's work, especially with regard 'to decorative purposes." To each country is assigned a definite amount of wall space in the corridors Besides this, the committee states that some decorative pictures and objects in plaster can be placed in the refreshment room, "not more, however than six for any coun- try." To take charge of the representation of the artistic work of American women, a special committee was appointed , which consists of Mrs. Ellen A. Richardson, head of the department of art in the American council, and Mrs. Adelaide Johnson, the only sculptor among the American patrons of the international council. This committee has already begun its work, and the known skill and taste of its members, together with their reputation for doing well whatever they undertake, is a guarantee that if the artists to whom they apply make cordial response, the place which is assigned will be creditably filled. A most interesting report was brought in by Mrs. Holhbter and Mrs. Qutnlan concerning the representation ot the American council at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. Although disappointment was, perhaps, felt in some quarters when it was first announced that the board of lady managers of the exposition would admit no organization into their building, it seems from every point of view to be much more desirable that the council shall have quarters in the R. administration building, where the United States government has granted it space. Mrs. Sparklin.ofSt Louis, is the chairman of the local committee in charge, and Mrs. adSwift, who went to St. Louis after the to executive give journment of the council has to the attention matter, great personal confidence that the council will have every opportunity for adequate representation. It may be well here again to say that all national organizations and all local councils affiliated with the national council ae asked, through their respective officers, to correspond directly with Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister, whose address is 507 Kirby Avenue west, Detroit, Michigan, concerning its representation, since it is desired that all affiliated bodies shall have an equal opportunity to share the benefits of the council headquarters. Mr, A. S. Ford, the editor and publisher of "Madame" (which by written vote of the national council had already been adopted as its organ), attended one session and was received with great cordiality by the executive, whose members see in this new medium of publicity a means of reaching large numbers of women who are not members of any of the affiliated organizations, or indeed of progressive societies of any kind. As a means of communication among its own members, particularly its official members, the Bulletin will be continued, edited as heretofore, by the corresponding secretary, Mrs. Flo. Jamison Miller, who made an admirable summary of her year's work in a report which pleased both by its wit and by the amount of work which it evinced. Miss Jes?ie Ackerman. the chahman of the press committee, will have charge of the two pages that are given in "Madame" each month to council interests, and in her official capacity will organize also a syndicate for furthering council interests. Since the adjournment of the council executive, I have received from Frau Stritt the list which it was hoped would arrive in time to be reported upon at the executive. I refer to the list of American women to whom official invitations have been issued to attend the international congress, which is to follow the council. This includes one hundred and eight names of perof whom have been sons, about one-hainvited to speak, and the other "to participate," which means to take part in the open discussion which will follow formal papers. This indication of the generous attitude of the German committee toward the American council will be much appreciated by our women everywhere. The number of official invitations sent to this country largely exceeds what I had anticiThe only ones of the pated as possible list of nominees sent over by the American council to the German committee not invited are those constituting a third list, which were very tardily sent in some time after the first and even the second list had been lorwarded It is to he hoped that many women who have thought that it would be impossible for them to go will now, upon the receipt of their official invitations, reconsider the matter and decide to accept an opportunity which will afford many lf K.THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. B ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. We aim to give you as TRY US privileges besides meeting with the women workers of other nations. I take this opportunity to ask those of ofmy compatriots who have received such ficial invitation, kindly to let me know whether they will be able to accept it, and, if so, about what time they intend to sail. This request is made because of a plan that is being worked out, by which it is hoped some advantages and concessions may be secured from railway and steamboat companies for members of the council and the congress. Now that the invitations must already have been received, I should like our women to notify me of their intention before March 21st. Since my last communication to the Exponent two more councils have come into ami- iation, that of Austria; which, having been organized in 1902, applied for affiliatiou at a meeting of its executive convened to consider the matter on January 8th, 1904. In the first week of February; Froken Gina Krog, who has served as the honorary of the national council for Norsince 1899, had the great happiness to way see her labors culminate in the organization of a national council for her country under her presidency, which also immediately voted for affiliation with the international council. It will interest the readers of the Woman's Exponent to know that the agenda for the quinquennial of the council will contain a proposition already indorsed by ten councils, for placing the advocacy of political equality upon the council program for proMay Wright Sewaix. paganda. President of the International Council of Women. Indianapolis, Ind., March 1st, 1904. vice-preside- nt It is announced that the Japanese government has accepted the offer made by Dr. Anita Newcomb McGee to take a party of nurses to Japan. No nurse is to be invited by Dr. McGee except graduate nurses who have done field and hospital duty in the United States army, and the number who will go will depend on voluntary contributions to defray expeases. The first party expects to sail in March. Save Your Money! ' , And when "you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 37, 600 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women nd also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW v e pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to live thousand, and compute said interest Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. No 1 CliRiS Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M Cannon, Cashier. Main St,. IK MIDWIFERY AND JiORSIflG. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her class in Midwifery and Nursing April 7, 1904. One student free. Write for particulars. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. 