WOMAN'S The gathering In his honor this year was quite as elaborate as on any former occasion, and the spirit that prevailed throughout all the exercises was calculated, to impress those who participated with the lofty character and magnanimity of the man to whom Utah owes so much in her settlement, development and enterprise. Tbe tables were prepared for between four and five hundred guests and beautifully decorated with flowers.and filled with the best the earth affords to tempt the appetite and add to the social enjoyment of the occasion. At the head of the first table the First Presidency af the Church were seated, Presidents Joseph F. Smith, John R. Winder and Anthon H. Lund, nposlles F. M. Lyman and Rudger Clawson and ladies, with the nearest representatives of the famous Young family, Dr. Seymour B. Young and several sons of President Young, also his eminent grandson, Richard W. Young, and many members of the illustrious family, Sisters Naamah Twiss, Lucy B., Eliza B., and Amelia F. Young surviving wives of President Brigham Young. It is quite impossible to mention all those who are entitled to place in the roll of honor, as there were so many whose names are familiar and dear to the people, that it is quite impossible to do justice to so large a subject in such limited space. President Joseph F. Smith paid a glowing tribute to the memory of Brother Young as did also his counselors, and Elder R. W. Young responded happily, after which the guests rose and the clearing up began ready for the program and evening entertainment. There was excellent music; a variety of songs and recitations, and later on dancing, all of which was most enjoyable. Everything passed off pleasantly and it was certainly one of the most satisfactory anniversaries that has been celebrated, as the house itself is well adapted to large gatherings. There are always some vacancies each year and this time Apostle Brigham Young wa missing. "To every man upon the earth. Death cometh soon or late." Others were missing, too, daughters and grandchildren and so each year some go and others are added to the role. The name and memory of Brigham Young can never die, for his works praise him throughout these mountain vales. A HAPPY BIRTHDAY PARTY. The seventy fifth anniversary of the birthday of Sister Hannah C. Wells was celebrated at the residence of her son, E'der Junius F. Wells, on Thursday, June 9, with a party of her old friends. The handsome parlors and hall were beautfully dtcorated with lovely flowers and vines, and the welcome extended by Mrs Junius F. Wells and members of the family was most genThe meeting of uine and warm hearted. friends of other days, many of whom had known Sister Wells in her girlhood, was a very pleasant feature of the occasion. Reminiscences and incidents of travel and familiar intercourse were exceedingly interesting, and conversation flowed free and easy. A sumptuous repast was served on small tables of three and four, and the company were delightfully waited upon by the nieces and granddaughters of the honored guest of the day. Among the guests were Presidents Joseph F. Smith, John R. Win EXPONENT. 5 der and Anthon H. Lund, Apostle F. M. Sister Abigail Oaks wondered how the sisters could afford to miss these meetings, Lyman and Hon. W. W Riter. Sisters over eighty years of age were thought we should strive to say something Sisters Bathsheba W. Smith and Rachel R. good of every one. Sister Nancy S. Colton Grant; besides these were many other vetspoke of the mother's work; felt it was a eran sisters Sisters Lucy W. and Amanda fine thing to help mothers in raising their G. Kimball, Sisters Margaret P., Eliza B. children.. President Pope was pleased with and Amelia F. Young, Sisters Margaret Y. the larger attendance in the afternoon, but Taylor and Catherine C. Young and many knew that if all the sisters attended, the more. house would be full. She made a few closAfter the tables were removed there were ing remarks and adjourned the conference some informal exercises, a poem composed for six months; singing, benediction by and read by Mrs. E B Wells in honor of the Counselor Elthurah Collett. Addie Longhurst, Secretary. birthday of Mrs. Hannah C. Wells; a brief sketch of her life and testimony of the GosSAN JUAN STAKE. pel, prepared and read by her son Junius; after which congratulatory remarks were The Relief Society conference of the San made by Presidents Joseph F. Smith, J. R. stake was held in the RelieC Society Juan Winder. A. H. Lund, Apostle F.M Lyman, and Hon. W. W. Riter. also by Sisters B. hall, Bluff ward, May 7, 1904, President W. Smith, Lucy W. Kimball and others; Mary N. Jones presiding. After singing, to these expressions of love and esteem prayer was offered by Sister Adelia Lyman, followed by singing, then President Jones Sister Wells responded tactfully and graaddressed the meeting, reported her labors ciously, and the entire affair was very hapin the stake; she had visited the several py and enjoyable. Much praise is due to wards and found them in good condition. the able management of the host and hostof the branches were reported by their Six ess, who gave such pleasure to the veteran mother in Israel as well as to her dear respective presidents; all were doing a good work. friends and associates. Counselor Priscilla Warner spoke of the Sister Wells was the recipient of a numas a grand organization, thought Society ber of valuable gifts, and these in themone should perform every duty and each selves were but trifles compared to the love and friendship of a lifetime The partings requirement in the Gospel, desired to do from each other at such times seems all too her full duty as a stake officer and at all times. soon, and many were the kind wishes and President Jones was pleased with the happy returns of the day given at the dereports, and referred to the mothers' work parture of the guests wh n the hour for and the good to be derived if the plan given leave-takinarrived in the Woman's Exponent would be d wished to all sisters the have out; RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. family worship in the home; related what Apostle Cowley had said and the promises he made, that if we would attend to this UINTAH STAKE. our children would not depart from the The Relief Society conference of the Gospel; felt we shouid be more diligent in Uintah stake was held March 4, 1904, caring for our ltttle ones and guard our sons President Sarah Pope presiding Alter the and daughters carefully, for if we neglect usual exercises and reading of minutes, etc, them, it will only prove to our sorrow; President Pope made a few remarks, urgwishel the sisters living in a grain district in attendmore be to to the sisters mike special effort to store whaat. The ing regular i to m obtain conference instructi the ing general and stake officers of the Relief Soreference to the duties in their own Society ciety were unanimously sustained. Singing, benedic ion by Sister Josephine C. Wood. work Elder Jamas HacH ig asked the L rd to Lucinda Redd, Secretary. bless the sisters, that they miht realize their true position o t the ear.h. emery stake. Repoits were given by the respective The Relief Society conference of Emery presidents of Maeser and Glines wards and d 2 until the morning meeting adjourn p.m. stake was held at Price, May 24, 1904, Counselor Maria Guyman presiding. After Benediction by President Sarah Pops. Afternoon session was opened by singing, singing, prayer was offered by Sister Anna and prayer was offered by Patriarch Merk-ley- - Miller. Te of the Society branches of the After singing and reading of minutes stake were lepreseuted as in good condition, the general and local officers of the society, temporally and spiritually. President Mary A. Sorenson welcomed all wero presented and the statistical and financial reports of the stake w re read. to the conference, including the stake presReports of Jenson, Naples, Dry Fork and idency and visiting sisters trom the General Board Sisters Elizabeth J. Stevenson and Vernal were made by the piesidents. President Samuel R. Bennion, of- the Carrie S. Thomas; she also read letters from Uintah stake, addressed the sisters. He was Sisters Pulsipher and Shipp in answer to pleased to hear the sisters had so much presents seat them from the stake; reported wheat and real estate, and gave them some the condition of the Society work in the stake as flourishing both spiritually Bud figood instruction in regard to their wheat also of the Patriarch Merkley good nancially. spoke Verbal reports were given by Sisters R. reports and of unity, and that we should E. Robertson of Orangeville, Henrietta Hill be the happiest people on the earth. of Wellington and Jane Williams of Emery, Counselor A K. Bartlett warned the sisLecture on ters against evil speaking and passing which were encouraging. had Maria which with Motherhood matters of CleveChristensen on by they judgment no concern, but spend tbtir time studying land, which was an able effort and well rendered. Sister E. J. Stevenson spoke on the principles of the Gospel, and be diliin home and the organization of the Relief Society by the at duties in t'leir gent lhe Prophet Joseph Smith, also spoke upon society. j -- g car-rrie- 1 1 - 