Woman's Exponent, The Ballot in Vie Hands of the Women 0 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER, 1904. Vol. 33 CONTEXTS. The Editor The New L. D. S. Hospital E. B. V. With Brown Leaves, Age Musty Christmas Thoughts I n Memoriam An Arizona Christmas (A Poem) A gusta Joyce Crocheron Relief Society Social Mrs. Candland Thanksgiving Relief Society Notice 41 42 44 44 45 46 46 4S THE NEW L. D. S. HOSPITAL. matter of congratulation and rethe L. D. S. Hospital is to be that joicing opened Jan. i, 1905. The great need there has been of such ar. institution by our own people has been keenly felt in the past and to have such a magnificient building so thoroughly equipped in every particular and in all its depart rents is a matter of satisfaction and of justifiable pride. To take the best care of the sick and afflicted is one of the most laudable objects of any community of people. The Hospital building is situated on 8th It Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. is a St. between C. and D. and in appearance at a distance reminds one of some of the an- cient structures in England except that it is new. It is built of buff brick trimmed with gray stone. The rooms are all of them pleasant, and give one the idea of cheer and comfort. There are four stories above the basement, the halls are wide and well lighted, the floors are of cement and laid with English linoleum, the entire building is properly ventilated. The reception room is quite handsome with marble walls and tile floors over the cement. There are eighty rooms not including bath-ionmclosets, of these toilets, laundry, etc. Forty-fiv- e are private rooms furnished with every modern luxury and appliance in the way of n convenience automatic tables, lor nurse, telephone so that the patient may communicate with her friends, and in fact everything that the sick could need or desire seems to have been provided for. The dispensary and operating rooms surpass in their style and furnishings anything the writer has ever seen in the many hospitals she has visited. We hope to give a more minute description of the building, its equipment and advantages in the paper call-butto- ffcAm f m. " ,: later on, and now and hereafter seek to encourage the people who need hospital treat ment and care, to patronize this worthy institution, and especially should the Woman's Relief Society of the Church use their influence in favor of sustaining this noble enterprise, so long needed and so Saints; mrch desired by the Latter-dahoping that it may be successful financially and otherwise, and prove a pla e of relief for the sick, and wounded whatever the nature of the malady may be, and in all respects fill the expectation of its founders and patrons. y The Editor. Mrs. Wynne, wife of the new postmaster, general, was married when very young-au- d it is said that her first long dress was her wedding gown. Miss Mary Scott, State Superintendent of Public Instruction in Idaho, is vice presi-ident of the Inland Empire Teachers' ciation, and was prominent at the seventh annual meeting lately held at Pendleton, Oregon. kiJ- - Asso- 49 l3Ljk 1 DR. WM. H. GROVES No. 6. LATTER-DA- Y SAINTS' HOSPITAL. 