WOMAN'S EXPONENT 90 The home at home for some trifling thing, and they wrong?, the answer is this. as be as far possible, natural, and of lose their interest; and sometimes they should of such a nature, that the child himself will have lessons assigned them, and instead the mother helping her boy or girl in feel that the correction is just. For instance, preparing that lesson If it should be a little if a child tells a falsehood, and it becomes difficult, they will perhaps not give them known to the rest of the family, he should the necessary time in which to prepare the be made to feel that he has done that for And as we all know it sometimes which he deserves the suspicion of the whole same. All eyes shou'd be turned upon takes a very little thing to discourage a family. child. But if they once get out of the habit him with a pitying distrust. Or if your little of going, Oh, how bard it is to get them boy whittles your furniture with his new and you give him a slap for it started again. So for that reason, we should pocket-knif- e be on guard and when any inclination is perhaps as soon as your back is turned he shown of not wanting' to attend meetings, will only do it again. But if you deprive him of the use of his. knife for a few days, he use every endeavor to overcome their objections. I dont believe in forcing a boy or will have time to realize the loss of it, and girl to meeting or threatening them with he will not be very likely to repeat the punishment if they don't go, but kindly offense. show them the good that they will derive I don't think that any good ever came from attending. Now while we are on the from telling a little child; "The bad man subject of good teachers, I would like to say will get you if you don't be good" or that a few words in favor of sending our boys "There's a big bear out there" or similar and girls to the Church schools, for I know expressions. In fact very bad effects follow as well as I want to, that it is one of the such practices. In the first place the child greatest of all helps to parents in making iSfrightened, and is apt to grow to be of a Saints of their children. nervous disposition; but that is not the worst good Latter-daand When boys girls are about sixteen or of it. It will not be long before the child we all know that it is about the finds out that he is being deceived, that the eighteen hardest time for the parents to get them to mother to whom he has always looked as attend to their religious duties; but if we being perfect has actually been telling a place them in a Church school about that falsehood. Mothers did you ever think of time and keep them there for a few years, it in that way before? did you ever stop to and at the same time give them the proper realize that you were teaching your little example and training at home, I think that child the first lesson in deception. It isjust in ninety cases out of a hundred they will such practices and others that I have tried, come out good Latter-da- y Saints, besides in this lecture to show the evil effects of, that I have other in being prepared ways for the battle tend to weaken parental control. of of life. already given you my opinion whipping Parents should be united in the governchildren as a means of punishment and as ment of the child. I think we will all agree I said before, it not only does no good on that, for it would certainly be an uphill but causes a feeling of resentment, and has business in training any child where the often been the means of causing children to parents were not united in their methods of tell falsehoods; and what more could we exgovernment. One parent should never inpect than that a child who gets a whipping terfere with the other while the child is beevery time it does wrong; naturally tries to ing corrected or punished, but if you feel evade that kind of punishment, even if he that the correction or punishment is unjust, has to tell a falsehood to do so. wait until the child is out of hearing before I have endeavored in my weak way to fault in and then follow to the subject of this lecture; and to finding any way; try harmonize ideas for the benefit of the chik3. sum it all up. we find that the main points Parents that have the habit of finding fault to be remembered are. Unity of parents. with each other before their children cannot Kindness but not indulgence. Firmness but And above all let the exexpect anything else but that they will not harshness. with each other and ample be such that when our every day life grow up quarrelsome their playmates; and not only that, but they is reflected in the actions of our children, lose the reverence and respect for their parthat they may bring joy and happiness to ents that they should have. Another reasus instead of sorrow and remorse. May on why one parent should not interfere with this be our happy lot is the sincere desire of the other, is that it is apt to make the child Elizabeth Fletcher, Provo. feel that he is being unjustly dealt with. The next question, what condition of mind should the parent be in while adminMOTHER'S WORK. istering punishment? The answer should be, never punish in anger. I wonder how SNOWFLAKE STAKE. there are of us follow that that rule, many I dare say that none of us do it altogether. Lesson VII. Employment for Children. But it is a true principle nevertheless. "From toil he wins his spirits light From busy day the peaceful might." Some of the best thinkers and writers tell Gray. us that we should never whip a child while A life be well cannot otherwise Now I should like to know how (a) busy angry. many mothers would whip unless they were than cheerful, (b) Let the child assist his angry. I think there are very few, but we parents in the home at a very early age and don't like to acknowledge that we whipped help him to feel that his aid is necessary our child because we were angry. Oh no, and appreciated, (c) Cultivate a desire in the child to work his way honestly and we say, it was because he had done somefor which he deserved a thing thrashing. bravely, (e) All labor that is honest is But I would like to ask; does whipping do honorable too. (f) Parent? do wrong in any good anyway? We can all answer that keeping their children too much sheltered for ourselves, but I am decidedly of opinion and enervated by parental indulgence. that it does more harm than good every time. Then you might say, what are you going Lesson VIII. Amusements. to do to correct your child when he does (a) Have them adapted to both the ment . y al and physical development of the child, (b) Teach him to invent games and be willing for him to invite other children in to participate, (c) Do not let amusements infringe upon the sacredness of the Sabbath Day or upon the rights and property of others, (d) Avoid excesses particularly in dancing (Ref. Juvenile Instructor page 246, Vol 37. Lesson IX. Politeness "Politeness is to do and say The kindest thing in the kindest way." (a) Proper iespect for the rights and privileges of one another at home and abroad, (b; Politeness is the result of good sense and good nature. It is a pait of good morals, (c) Levity of manner unbecoming, (d) Americans are afflicted with pretension. Saint mother seek to Let the Latter-da- y eradicate the evil, (e) "A graceful behavior towards superiors, inferiors and equals is a constant source of pleasure." Lesson X. Make Home Attractive. "Let Love Abound," (a) A gilded palace is not a borne, it is not a formal school of staid solemnity and rigid discipline that constitutes a home, (b) "Tis there the twig is bent." (c) Encour- age music both vocal and instrumental. It induces children to spend their evenings at home, (d) Pictures of a proper character have a refining influence, (e) Flower gardens cultivated by both boys and girls. Make Home Attractive, (co- Lesson XI. ntinued). "You may break, you may shatter the vase if you will. But the scent of the roses H'ill hang 'round it still." No child can fail (a) Family devotions. to be impressed where all is sincerity, (b) Good books are as necessary as good company. They are an evidence of culture. Let them be adapted to the capacity of the child, (c) Make a specialty of church works, (d) Baneful effects of dime novels. (Ref. Juvenile Instructor page 274-58- Vol.37). Lesson XII. . Habits of Children "Habit in a child is at first like a spider web; if neglected it becomes a thread of twine; next a. cord of rope; finally a cable then who can break it?" Habit is a man's best friend or worst enemy, (b) All the virtues or vices, all the (a) actions of mind or body may be chained by its despotic power, (c) The importance of forming only good habits, (d) Bad habits are broken only by perseverance and earnest (e) The importance of mothers prayer, watching the habits of her children from earliest infancy, (e) Regularity in diet, sleep, work, play etc. EmmaS Smith, President; Sarah Driggs, Mary J. K. West, Counselors; Delia F. Smith, Secretary; Janet M. Smith Fort Madison, la., boasts having as one of its most respected and patriotic citizens x Mrs. Rachel Albright, who is a of Betsy Ross, who made the Mrs. Albright was first American flag. born in the home of her grandmother, Betsy Ross, in Philadelphia, June 16, 1812 and was brought up under Mrs. Ross' care. She there learned the art of making flags at her grandmother's knee, and Mrs. Albright still carries on this work. grand-daughte- 