WOMAN'S 20 Woman's Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one ear, $1.00; one copy six months deliv-sre- d 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers cts. one for 25 year. postage by mail, extra Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post second-clas- s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as Salt Lake City, Utah, August, 1904 BUSINESS MEETING N. W. R. S. The annual business meeting of the National Woman's Relief Society will be held on the first Monday in October (the 3rd) commencing at 2 p. ra. sharp, in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city. All members are invited to be present. Bathsheba W. Smith, General President. Emmeline B. Wells, General Secretary. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. EXPONENT ity, but the aisles and the corridors were packed. Speeches were made in English, French and German, by most eloquent and distinguished women speakers from these countries, besides five minute speeches from women representing each of the countries in the International Council (with three exceptions) amid the most inspiring enthusiasm. This may assuredly by reckoned one of the hopeful signs of the times. The Congress to be held in St. Louis in September will no doubt create a strong, and it is ardently hoped, lasting impression upon the subjects of peace and arbitration, as that Congrest is to be composed of men; the world's great and learned men; celebrated for their wisdom and knowledge; men of world-wid- e reputation filling high places in their native countries. The Universal Peace Congress to be convened in Boston Mass. the first week in October will surely be another hopeful sign; this great gathering will be composed of both men and women; and in the blending together of these two strung forces a better solution of great problems is likely to be made, than where only men discuss grave questions alone, even though congreThe gated in the world's great Councils. from of peace agitation of the sentiment one part of the country to another and from country to country, through peace literature, peace discussions and peace meetings is all educational in the best sense of the word, tending towards that higher ideal, that broaJer intelligence, and better method of comradeship which will inculcate love of revenge, welding a sympathetic bond between nations and individuals they will eventually develop plans for settling many of the gravest questions amicably through arbitration, and thus promote a higher attitude in the conduct of the world's work than that which has prevailed when war the "resort to arms" was the watchword among the greatest ?nd most powerful empires of the world. Notwithstanding the opinion that war is necessary largely prevailing among many peoples, yet there are powerful agencies working in the opposite direction for loftier and holier purposes than the destruction of immortal souls. It seems most fitting that women the mothers of the race should array themselves on the side of It is a matter of rejoicing that so peace. much is being done this present year, and though the results may not be apparent in fact, yet the growth of sentiment will be spreading and the light that has come into the world permeating the darkness will grow brighter and brighter, and the contact of peoples one with the other through, better facilities of travel will ultimately bring all nations to a better understanding of correct methods, and the Golden rule applied to all the relations of life and all the governments of the world, will help bring about the time when there shall be no more war nor slaying of any living thing. Inter-parliamentar- y iu-stea- The October Conference of the General Relief Society will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city Wednesday Oct. 5, 1904, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and at 2 p. m. as usual. All officers and members of the Society are cordially invited. It is desirable there should be an authorized representative from each Stake organization if the President cannot be present. Presiding authorities of the Church Bishops and brethren interested in Relief Society work are also invited to attend the meetings. Bathsheba W. Smith, President. Annie Taylor Hyde, Ida Smoot Dusenberry, Counselors. HOPEFUL SIGNS. Though war is raging in the far East at the present time until one is sickened by the daily telegraphic news, yet there are some things tending towards better conditions, and those who believe in the greatness of the near future must take into consideration, not only the terrrible devastation being made by war and its consequences, but the struggles of many thousands, who are laboring and praying for the more peaceful methods of settling all difficulties both between nations and communities. The great Peace meeting held in Berlin during the late Congress of Women from R. S. REPORTS. all the civilized countries of the world, marks an epoch in the peace movement This peace meeting was convened last June ST. JOSEPH STAKE. when the Russian-Japanes- e war was at its Relief Society conference of the St. Joseph height. It was held in Berlin, the capital city of the most thoroughly militarized Stake was held in the Layton meeting Not house, June nth, 1904. First Counselor country in Europe, viz. Germany. Salina Phillips conducting the meeting. only was the hall filled to its utmost capac d Our conference was out of the usual in that we met on Saturday in connection with the Stake Quarterly Conference. By the kindness of the presiding brethren we occupied the whole day. President Elizabeth Layton reported that all the ward organizations of the Relief Society had been visited by members of the Stake Board since our last conference. Found them all in good condition with an increase of attendance. Said Relief Society work brings out and develops the very best qualities in human nature. Alfthe wards were reported by their respective presidents with the exception of St. David, Matthews and Hubbard. The following subjects were talked on by Sarah Webb, Olive Kimball, Fanny Kimball and Emma Coleman: Reverence, nursing, obedience and child's rights. The speakers were President Andrew Kimball, C. M. Layton and W. D. Johnson, who emphasized the importance of reducing to practice the good things we hear. Advised parents to keep their children children as long as possible, instead of trying to push them ahead. Find employment for them, keep them at home, especially at night. Relief Society members are among the best members in the Church. Keep Be cleanly in your your bodies clean. homes, and the Lord will bless you. Patriarch Philemon Merrill dwlt upon the prophecies of Joseph and Hyium Smith and the fulfillment of the same. The day's exercises were interspersed with songs and recitations, which in all was a very profitable and pleasing time. Sarah Webb, Corresponding Secretary. ALPINE STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Alpine Stake was held at Linden, July 16, 1904. There were present from Salt Lake City, President Bathsheba W. Smith, and General Secretary Emmeline B. Wells. The brethren of the stake presidency were in attendance, also the stake board and representatives from thirteen of the fourteen branches of the stake, President Rebecca Standring presiding. Meetcommenced ten a. at with m. ing singing, prayer and usual opening exercises. President Standring welcomed all and was pleased to see so goodly a number present; was thankful to see our beloved president, Bathsheba W. Smith, with us, she had labored long and faithfully, and we should be pleased to have instruction from her. Reports were given by Orpha Robinson, American Fork first ward; Sarah S. Chip-maAmerican Fork second ward; Mary E! Abel, American Fork third ward; Minnie Webb, American Fork fourth ward; Marion Anderson; Lehi first ward; Armitta Clark, Lehi second wird. Each reported her society fully organized and all taking their Officers and members part cheerfully. are united and doing all they can for the furtherance of the work. President B. W. Smith had been very much interested in bearing the reports, had worked in the Relief Society ever since the days of Nauvoo, was present at the first organization and is the only one living who was there at that time; heard the Prophet Joseph say that after that time when he had anything to give he should give it He also said through the Relief Society. n, 