WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4 in a few yards of us, were three deer, the little one looking at us with that wild look, that did not even evince surprise, I feel sad and alone, oft times in a crowd but here the language of silence thrills my heart. While the young people cut gum from the Spiuce trees I dreamed. A soft song of the past, is sung by the passing breeze that murmurs through the w.de spreading trees. Beautiful castles rise to view, both of the present and future, gilded by the golden sun rays as they gleam through the waving boughs, where the birds sing love songs, songs of hope and promise. But here we are at last, and the games are engaging every one's attention. The agility of the men, and the graceful movements of the women, proclaim them "Americans." Their dress too, proclaims their nationality, and it is refreshing to hear them talk, with that ease and freedom, ior which we are noted. A number of prizes were awarded, amid peals ot laughter, one lady winning a dinner set. In the evening fire works, and a dance closed the festivities. But long before they were over, we left, taking a short cut to the car for home, passing a large party of students, with their sweet-heartwho were enjoying a boat ride on the still river. Leipzig is not so large nor beautiful a city as Berlin, but it has its Palmen garden, so pardonably renowned. It reminds one of fairy land, 01 a scene from some fair tropical country. The rose garden, the landscape, trees and shrubs, cannot be described, but they show the care, and utter disregard of cost, shown by the Germans, in their pleasure resorts. The music from the band lends enchantment, to the glorious surroundings. MOTHER' WORK. PLAN OF MOTHERS' WORK FOR THE RELIEF SOCIETY BRANCHES OF THE UTAH STAKE OF ZION, FOR THE YEAR Physical culture for mothers: (a) Care of general health. Preparation for maternity. (c) Personal appearance. (b) 2 Intellectual culture of mothers. (a) What literature shall she read? (b) Art in the home. (c) "Practical science 3 (b) Lydia D. Alder. IN MEMOR1UM Sketch of the life of Sister Sarah Ann Scott who departed this life June 7th 1904, after seven months illness from general debility. Deceased was born in Philadelphia Sept. 6th 1832, became a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Married Elder Andrew H. Saints in 1S47. Scott lanuary 12th i8si,at Kanesville, Iowa, came to Utah the same year with her husband and mother living in Salt Lake City until 1852, when she moved to Provo and has since resided there was the mother of eleven children, 102 grandchildren, Has been President and 36 of the Provo 2nd Ward Relief Society, since 1867 until last spring, Resolutions of respect adopted by the Relief Society of the Provo 2nd Ward. Whereas It Has pleased our Heavenly Father to call from our midst our most beloved President Sarah Ann Scott and and Whereas She has labored as a R. S. President 36 years until her last sickness and Whereas She has labored in aiding five successive Bis :ops in caring for the poor, comforting the sick, and spiritually uplifting the sorrowful be it therefore Resolved That through her departure the R.S. has lost a faithful and zealous worker, a wise President, and a devoted, practical, Latter-dan. y Resolved That we, her emulate her devoted life and example and may her sons aud daughters and grandchildren constantly look to her ideal life for strength and perseverance while toiling for eternal riches and Resolved That these resolutions be placed upon the records oj the Provo 2nd Ward R. S. aad that they be published in the YVomans Exponent also in the Prcvo Enquirer. WASATCH STAKE. LESSON XII. Prayer. "Pray Always.'' (a) Sincere prayer is the greatest safeguard against wrong doing, (b) How does the habit of prayer affect the lives of boys and girls, (c) How and when should we pray? Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 61, verse 39; Guide Journal, Jan., 1904, al?o Young Ladies' Journal, August, 1901. Anna R. Duke, Elizabeth Murdotk, Lovisa Alexander, Stake Presldancy. Eliza Rasband, Emma Duke, Sarah K. Duke, Committee. LIBERTY STAKE. Woman's Duty and Influence in the Home. LECTURE I. Religious duties, (a) Marriage ordained of God. (b) Sanctity of the home. (c) Devotion in the home 2. Social duties, (a) Pleasant home as(c) Visiting sociations, (b) Recreation. Improvement Era, April friends. LECTURE II. The Wife. B. Helpmeet, (a) Companionship of husband and wife.(b) An influence in Church duties. 1. (a) Domestic econHousekeeping. omy, (b) Order, sanitation, ventilation, etc. (c) Art in the home. 2. LECTURE III. The Mother. C. 1 Preparation for motherhood, (a) First law given to Adam and Eve. (b) Sacred influl duty of motherhood, (c) of motherhood. ences, (d) Blessings Pre-nata- VIII. Purity of Character. (a) Ball room etiquette, (fy) Good manners part of good morals. Guide Journal of Young Ladies, Sept., 1903. LESSON Motherhood, (a) Callings less important than motherhood require study and training, (b) All things in nature governed by natural law. (c) Mother's influence in the home. 2. IX. "Courtesy and etiquette are flowers; The one has roots in the heart, The other in the intellect." LECTURE IV. D. Care of Children. LESSOE X. 1. Physical needs, (a) Hygienic laws observed, (b) The word of wisdom a law to all Saints, (c) Proper living lays the foundation for strong character. 2. Moral and spiritual training, (a) Obedience essential to development of character-(b- ) Cooperation of parents necessary, (c) Qualities to be cultivated love, patience, cheerfulness, kindness, contentment, etc. (d) The brother and sister in the home. Home Hygiene and Sanitation. LECTURE V. (a) Dodging the Word of Wisdom, (b) Joseph Smith a scientist. Juvenile, May 1, 1904; Era, May, 1904. Woman' s Duty and Influence in the Chmch. E. Individual Development, intklect- uaL. The Rights of Family Members. (a) How should the rights of parents be regarded? (b) What are the rights of children in the home? (c) Why is a mother's love nearest to the love of Christ? Guide Journal of Young Ladies, Jan., 1904, May, Era, 1903. LESSON Sina Hendrickson Eliza Nelson In behalf of 2nd Ward R. S. re-lie- 7. LESSON . Why is a man who adds to false rumors like one who believes all that he is told? Because he s on all that he hears. VII. Courtship and Marriage. (a) Take the greatest care in selecting a companion, (b) How is marriage regarded by our Church, and what is meant by marriage for eternity. Nov. Guide, Journal para- Harriet Scott . Application of the. principles of the and May, 1903. Era, Dec, 1. Gospel. (c) Result of study and Application of the Principles of the Gospel, as manifest in the Relief Society and in Church work. Martha A. F. Keeler, Ch. Com. er Saint and duties. graphs 4, 5, 6, Saints? A. Home Making. pel. (b) LESSON Morality. Religious culture for mothers: (a) Study of the principles of the Gos s, y 1903. in the home. Self control. (c) Social 4 . Moral culture for mothers: (a) Gospel ideals of Latter-da- I905. Self Culture, 1 taught the XI. Home Culture. ' As the twig is bent the tree inclines." (a) Are the home environments, example and training in harmony with the truths 1. By study of the world's history, past and present. 2. By observation. (a) Places. (b) and effect.) Events (c) (cause Things, 3. By works. (a) Application of true knowledge, (b) Imparting true knowledge. 