WOMAN'S able, and to be that, the thing above all others that she should know best how to do is to bake good bread. If good bread is in the house one always feels that there is something to eat. EXPONENT. 3 Mothers who live at a distance from a Kindergarten may find some occupation, in the Kindergarten "gifts and occupa-ions- " to help them in training their children at home. The First Gift presented to baby when he begins to observe is the ball A set 1. Why is marriage the most important of six colored balls, blue, yellow, red, green step in life? orange and purple. The child learns color 2. How does it develop self control, paform, motion and many little helpful Exercise the faculty of "make-believetience, industry? games. which is the dearest delight to 3. Name other virtues improved by it. 4. Name duties married people owe to the child. the Lord, to humanity. The Second Gift is a wooden sphere, 5. Exp1ain how love makes people more and cube. These also are made cylinder pliable. the of medium many simple games in which 6. What do you think of young men the is child kept active. giving presents to girls? What do you think of expensive 7 The Third, Fourth, Fifth, and weddings and their effects? Sixth gifts are what we should most all 8. Why should the husband relieve his call "blocks." .They are all cubes differwife of financial cares? divided into smaller cubes oblong ently 9. Illustrate how a wife can economise, blocks, half and quarter cubes of various food, fuel, clothes, time strength, and sizes. By this means the child is able to furniture. divide his old friend, the cube, into its com10. Give a short talk on bread making. pound parts and study them. E. C. D. The Seventh Gift is a number of Lecture rr With the child en on Sunday, square and triangular tablets of wood of different colors, by which plain surfaecs "Remember the sabbath day and ketp it may be represented. They show the different kinds of triangles. These may be Holy." made from card-boarQUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS. ," d. The Best Day of the Week Have The Eighth and Ninth Gifts are this day different from other days Have a slats children box of Sunday playthings. Little unfolding like a carpenters rule to be in interlacing or weaving. used Saton enjoy putting away their other toys urday evening almost as much as getting The Tenth Gift is a number of round out the toys Sunday morning. or square sticks about as thick as a match. If you hear or read a story suited to the Questions are asked where they come lrom, Sabbath keep it for that day. leading up to the different kinds of wood, These teach deftness to the little finetc. Playthings for the Sunday Box. as gers nicety of touch is required to lay Tooth-pickdifferent forms. can be used Building blocks, Noah's Ark. kindergarin five the home at cents per 1000. ten blocks, colored pencils, Bible games or a entertain in a child will that any thing The eleventh Gift consists of whole quiet way. Children must have something and half wire rings. Like the sticks they to employ them, even if it is Sunday. are used to teach form and give the little a glimpse of the powers and properTeach Them to Think of Others pupil ties of curved lines. on Sunday. A quiet drive or a walk in the country with parents are all in harmony The Twelfth Gift, the thread game, with the day. Let them gather flowers for is neither more nor less than the immortal some old lady, autumn leaves for a sick "cat's cradle" put to new uses. The chilfriend or berries for a playmate. dren are taught to tie various knots, and Let them cut pictures and make a scrap-boo- k after dampening the thread to arrange with Hallow all a pointer in different forms on a slate ruled for little friends, etc. these pastimes with loving thoughts of the in squares, accustoming them to measure dear Fathe r in Heaven who wants us to be distances with the eyes. kind to His other children who are poor, The Thirteenth Gift is embodied in sick or neglected. seeds, shells, pebbles, beads, etc.. which are Church Duties Encourage the chil- arranged on a strip af h divided into dren to help mother so she may visit the squares to form designs. The child is also Sabbath School and be interested in the exercised in sorting the different materials work. Take time to ask about the teacher into heaps or groups. listen to the little lesson. Nothing permanent is made with the After the evening meal, that all have gifts they are dissolved into their original helped prepare, mother may read stories parts. from the Bible, Book of Mormon and teach occupations. many beautiful lessons from good pictures. Teach the Books of the Bible and where The First Occupation is perforating to find them. or pricking. Designs are pricked on a card After the story encourage discussion. board. The Second Occupation is sewing. Sing with the children hymns and songs at home suited to the day. Make Sundays Sew the designs that have been pricked with colored thread. delightful to look upon in aftet years. M. L. G. The Third is a slate grooved in squares for drawing. Lecture 1 2 .Kindergarten work at Home. The Fourth is coloring and painting The Fifth Occupation, paper inter" "Come let us live with our children" Froebel. lacing, making pretty designs. s oil-clot- HISTORIAN'S OFFICE LIBRARY Tk Church of Jams Christ of Uttr-d- y Slnt The Sixth Occupation, is the art of weaving, the warp and woof being both of paper. The seventh Occupation, paper folding, producing many beautiful forms. The Eighth is the paper mounting, permitting the free use of the blunt scissors, which every child loves. The Ninth Occupation, pea, or cork work, requires soaked peas or corks and with the tooth pick many forms and objects can be represented. The tenth Occupation, card board modelling, begins with simplest forms, a little square box for instance, gradually increasing in difficulty until sets of furniture are made. The eleventh Occupation, model- ling in wax or clay. He begins by modelling sticks and er ds with greater things. "Clay is the work of the child" "We learn through doing." Froebel. M. L. G. RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE CLASS J 904-- 5. The above class will commence Sept. 19th, 1901, continuing eight months. Four lessons a week will be given by Dr. Margaret C. Roberts, the Class Instructor, and lectures by other physicians and surgeons of Salt Lake. There will also be a course of lectures on cooking and other important subjects connected with the nurse profession by members of the General Board of the Relief Society or by those whom they may appoint. Charges for tuition $10.03. Students will purchase their own text books designated by the class Instructor. The students shall each sign a ontract to nurse for charity for seventy-fiv- e days or be whatever pay shall designated by the superintendent for two years from the date of graduation. Any one desiring to take the nurse course and not paid for by the Relief Society of her ward may do so by paying the ten dollar fee herself and signing the contract All correspondence on this subject should be addressed to Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie, 55 N. West Temple Street. Emma A Empey, Superintendent Relief Society NurseClasses. NOTES AND NEWS. The newly elected officers of the International Council of Women are: President, Countess of Aberdeen; first vice president Frau Maria Stritt of Dresden; second Mme. Jewel Siegfried of Paris; Frau Retzius of Stockthird holm; treasurer, Mrs. William Sanford of Toronto; corresponding secretary, Miss Gordon of Scotland; recording secretary, Miss Kramer of Holland. It is announced that the next Quinquennial International Council will be held in Toronto, Canada. Mme. Emma Calve has founded a sanitarium at Cabrieres, France, where sixty young girls who need fresh air and medical attendance will be received every summer, all expenses being borne by the singer. vice-preside- vice-presiden- t, A little pamphlet entitled "The Left and Wing" has just appeared, full oftheuseful various about information impartial branches of the woman movement in 