WOMAN'S EXPONENT building, with a high covered arch, on one side the church, on the other the chapel. Services are conducted in either, according to the belief of the departed. Many funerals drive straight through to the arch, when the coffia is borne in on the shoulders of six men. If the family is wealthy, the minister of the Church of England clothed in his black and white robes, proceeds down to the entrance gate, and meets the procession, reading as he slowly walks along in a drawling, mournful voice, "I am the Resurrection and the life; whoso believeth iu me though he be dead, yet shall he be made alive." The wealthy dead of the town are mostly buried here. The trees attract attention, so many varieties; some from other lands, Scotland, America and elsewhere. Numerous inscriptions many from the Holy Book are written on the stones, while verses adorn others, expressing the feelings of those who mourn. Here are a few of the original ones. "Vain to the dead are tears, and vain is praise; And vain each fond memorial we can raise; The grave should teach, the grave should e'er impart, Such truths as melt the eye, and mend the heart.' "Sleep on beloved husband, take thy rest; Lay down thy head upon thy Savior's breast; We loved thee well, but Jesus loved thee best." "I shine in the light of God, His likeness stamps my brow; Through the shadow of Death, my feet have trod And 1 reign in glory now." "He has gone, and the grave hath received him' It was Jesus who called him away; He has gone to the Lord who redeemed him, From the night to the splendor of day." "Faint not for fear, His arms all near, He changeth not, and thou art dear; Only believe and thou shalt see That Christ is all in all to thee." Lydia D, Alder. Lesson Mortal existence The union of the spirit and element. I. Object of mortal existence- - That we may receive a fulness of joy which can only be obtained through experience gained Doc and Cov., 93: 33, in a mortal state. 34- - II. Channel of mortal existence Parenthood the only channel through which this object may be attained. a. Importance of parenthood. "Millions of spirits yet unborn who are entitled to We who have received mortal existence. are under moral obligation to this blessing, do our part for those who are yet to in turn receive bodies. (The first great commandment, Gen. 1: 28). To what extent are we obligated to fulfill this divine injunction? The greatest b. Reproductive faculties The God to man. penalhighest given by ties attached to the abuse of these faculties Morally, intellectually, socially, spirituWhat bearing does ally and physically. the second commandment have on this subject? Exodus, 20: 5, 6. Lesson I. Preexistcncec. Ref. Job 38: 37; Doc. and Cov., sec. 76: 13; Book ot Mormon, II Nephi, 25; 12. Lessofi I. Pre-nat- Individuality. al Ref. Gen. 25: 2124; Doc. and Cov., sec. 29: 36; Rev. 12; pp. 9, 41. II. Pre-nata- l a. Heredity 2; Pearl of Great Price, Influences. ancestral characteristics and b. Parental influences, espec- influences, c. ially the mother's. Judges 13: Dwell on and emphasize which influence should be courted and encouraged and which restrained or avoided. III. Influence of Environments mentally, morally, socially, spiritually and Motherhood office holds the key of the soul; and she it is who stamps the coin of character." 1. True mother-lov- e. a. Compare true mother-lov- e with vanity. b. Will true mother iove shield a child from all responsibility and hardship? c. From just punishment or reproof? d. The gratification of the child's desires or themotner's present convenience, will not be considered in preference to the ultimate good of the child. Lesson IV Infancy. I. Influence of the mother. 'Would you know the baby's skies? Baby s skies are mother's eyes Mother's eyes and smiles together Make the baby's pleasant weather! Mother, keep your eyes from tears, Keep your heart from foolish foars, Keep your lips from dull complaining Lest the baby thinks its raining." BEAVER STAKE. "Mother, how divine your mission Here upon this natal sod! Keep, oh keep the young heart open Always to the breath of God. All true trophies of the ages Are from mother-lov- e impearled; For the hand that rocks the cradle Is the hand that rules the world!" III. "The mother in her MOTHERS' WORK. The object of Mother's Work is to help bring mankind to a higher standard through the development, advancement and betterment of mothers. "Water does not rise higher than its fountain." "Nations do not rise higher or faster than their women are climbing the paths of progress." II. Mortal Existence. a. Whether we will or not. it is at the cradle that education begins. b. How do a mother's looks and tone of voice affect the infant physically? II. Physical care. a. The bath Cleanliness is next to Godliness Explain the benefits of bathing. Is it wise to bathe delisate babies daily? b. Dress. Comfort the primary consideration. c. Food. Great care should Regularity. be taken in the selection, preparation and quantity of artificial food, d.- Benefits of sufficient sleep taken regularly, e. Necesof to fresh and sunshine the well-bein- g air sity and development of the baby. . f. The evil effects of excitement. Lesson V. Childhood Physical Development. I. Food. Plain, nourishing and easily digested, b. Name suitable foods, c. Condiments and too much sweets and meats should be avoided, d. Cultivate, proper appetites while young, e. Watch the digestion. II. Clothing. a. Plain and loose. b. Bad effect cf high-heele- d c. Benefits of going shoes, barefoot. III. Necesssty of regular bathing and care of the teeth. IV. Proper poise of the body necessary to health and grace. a. V. A reasonable amount of work should be provided to properly develop brain and muscle. VI. Give the good effects of ventilation and airing of beds. Lesson VI Power of Example. I. Example a more effective teacher than precept. II. Parents' words and actions are reflected in the children, therefore the importance of speaking proper and pure language. III. Consider the degrading effects of slang, impure language, indecent jokes and loud laughter. IV. Profanity Third commandment. V. Gossip, evil and lightly speaking and irreverence for sacred things. Beware of destroying the influence of teachers and religious and secular authority by making slighting remarks of same. Lesson VII Obedience and Order. I. Necessity of obedience. II. Value of prompt obedience. III. Obedience the parent of order. Order is the best manager of time, the prime agent in private economy, accumulator of wealth, the preserver of peace and the promoter of home comfort and happiness. a. Huw does order put confusion to flight? b. Give the value of order in the expenditure of means and in the management of housework, c. Exp'ain how order and industry are the soul of household thrift. IV. Teach orderly habits. a. Economy of putting things in their proper places. Lesson VUL Industry. Labor All labor is noble and holy. Let thy great deeds be a prayer to thy God. 1. Industry is the soul of thrift. Explain how. 2. Explain how industry promotes health and dispels melancholy. 3. Why is constant, wholesome occupation necessary for the intellectual, moral, spiritual and physical growth of she child? 5. Give the benefits of children waiting upon themselves as much as possible and bearing some responsibility in the household. 5, What is the best plan for creating in children a love for work? Is it wise for mothers to hire their children to labor? Lesson IX. Discipline. ' ' Train up a child in the way it should go and when it is old it will not depart therefrom." 1. How does discipline contribute to the pea e, order and comfort of the home? 2. Give the advantage of children who are trained at home, by wise parents, in the habits of industry, thrift, attention, study and cheerful obedience, over those who are not. 3. Name the blessings of children who are disciplined by parents in purity, love, gentleness, kindness and a sacred reverence for right arid the Great Creator and Redeemer. 4. Necessity of proper parental control, a. Unity and harmony necessary in successful parental government, b. Parents cannot hope to govern successfully unless they practice self control, 5. Show the bad effects of deceit and broken promises of parents to children. 6. Discuss the best methods of controling and. punishing children. Lesson X. Deportment. 1. Respect to parents, brothers, and sisters, a. Children who respect the authority in the home will be respectful to the auth- - 