WOMAN'S 12 Woman's Exponent EMMEL1NE Published B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months' No redaction made for clubs. City papers deliv50 cts ered by mail, erftra for postage one year. 2; cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines ol nonpanel A liberal disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah ; Entered at the Post .cond-clas- s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as Salt Lake City, Utah, July, 1904 IN MEMORIAM. HELEN MAY WINTERS WOODRUFF Sister Helen Woodruff who passed away so suddenly May 25, 1904, while on a trip to Mexico, whither she had gone with her husband and little ones, was a charming young woman, as well as beautiful, the very soul of good nature, vivacious and witty, attracting attention wherever she went by her fascinating manner, and en-- , dearing herself to all with whom she became acquainted, "'None knew her but to love her," for she possessed all those fine qualities that make the perfect woman, and But carry away captive men's hearts. Helen was wooed and won by one most worthy, and to whom she gave her heart's devotion. Looking back on her wedded life it seems a happy summer-dream- , full of sunand music shine and without shadows. Owen and Helen's lives blended admirably together, and they were indeed comrades in every place, whether at their own hospitable home or engaged in social or religious duties. So much has been said and written of each of them that one can only repeat as it wtre that which has already been better expressed, yet as a friend and neighbor the writer fee's she must in the columns of the Exponent record the touching story, and express her sympathy for the bereaved mothers', both Sister Mary Ann Winters, a lifelong friend, and Sister Emma S. Woodruff with whom in Relief Society work intimately associated. Sweet sympathy helps us over many hard places in this life, and those who suffer need the faith, the prayers, the tender sympathy that helps even by a pressure of the hand, Hannah T. King wrote: . Sweet the sympathetic hand Ever ready to expand, To raise, to comfort, and to bless All the needy in distress. Not only have I known the mothers but the sisters of Sister Helen, and of Brother Owen Woodruff, and to tbem my heart goes out in loving tenderness; and yet they may indeed rejoice that those dear beloved ones have made their lives sublime while in this probation and they know their exaltation is sure, it only remains for those who love them to follow in their footsteps that they also may reach the heavenly mansions prepared for the faithful. Sister Helen May Winters was born in Pleasant Grove Sept, 24, 1873, married to Abraham Owen Woodruff in the Salt Lake EXPONENT try in Wyoming, an arduous undertaking. Although his loss is deeply felt by his family and associates and indeed all the Saints, for he was widely known and every"Grace in all her steps where beloved, his good works and noble Heaven in her eye, in every record will never perish, and his name will Gesture dignity and love! The friend and be a synonym for good among the Saints Of her brother man, weaving He died in Mexico, June 20, for all time. The crown matrimonial, as to die away from home is sad It 1904. The badge of the partner of his Thrcne and sovereignty!" among strangers, yet it can make no differto the one who goes, for the earth is Four lovely little ones were given to ences the Lord's and his hand is over all, and "not them, one son Wilford Owen, Helen, Mar-jori- e a sparrow falls to the ground without His and Rhoda the baby six months old at therefore we know as the poet says, the time of the mother's decease. The notice," "And not on a blind and aimless way, greatest tenderness is felt by the saints for The spirit goeth." these orphan children, and prayers innumerable are no doubt offered daily in their PIONEER DAY, JULY 24, 1904. behalf, that they may be protected from every evil ar.d guarded and guided in the Monday, July 24, of this year, was very path that leads to eternal life. celebrated wtth exercises in Sister Helen W. Woodruff was an active appropriately the Assembly Hall and a street parade in and zealous member of the General Board imitation of the original methods of coming of the Y. L. N. M. I. A. and traveled exinto the valley in the earliest times. The tensively in the interest of the organiza- committee had previously sent out invitaShe was one of its loyal supporters tions to all the Pioneers of 1847 that there tion. and advocates and was ready at all times to would be a banquet for them and some testify to the truth of the Gospel. prizes given. The place of gathering was Helen has gone and we can only say, we in Liberty Park, and bands of music were do not understand. Two military companies in attendance. from Fort Douglas were in the parade, in APOSTLE ABRAHAM OWEN WOODRUFF. charge of Captain Briant S. Wells of the & L. infantry, and the march from South H. The first thought that came to the writer when hearing the shocking newrs of the Temple to the Park was quite satisfactory death of Elder Woodruff who had died in and creditable in its display, civil and mileannons and wagon, and Mexico was 11 the beloved Apostle" and such itary, of he was to many in very deed. His tender other details. The society Daughters of the Pioneers tone of voice, his gracious manner at all had the banquet in charge, and the standtimes and in all places, his innocent, childlike expression, his genial kindliness, all ing committee on entertainment, assisted d betokened the loveliness of his by some of the presiding officers, worked We can only think of him as a assiduously to make the dinner a success. character. man possessed of all the best attributes pf They provided for a hundred, but more heart and soul, that tend toward the high- were seated at the first table. It is well known that only a very few of est aspirations reaching out to eternal life first band of original Pioneers are now the One thinks of the Savior's illustration when He took the little child and set him in their living, and that first company that followed midst and said, "Unless ye become as one them, arriving here in October of the same of these, ye can in no wise enter the king- year, and a few of the Mormon Battalion, make up what is reckoned the Pioneefs. dom of heaven." Some of these were then little children or Owen Woodruff, like his great and d father, was the very personification babes in arras. of humility; but he has gone from this The festiviries of several kinds, music world to join his father in the place pre- and speech making, continued through the pared for those who have been faithful day, and at night there were brilliant firehere; and though those nearest and dearest works to entertain those who were not too will mourn his absence, yet they have the weary to remain and witness the pyrotechblessed assurance which the Gospel affords nics. of meeting him again where there is no Among those of 1847 who were entitled more parting, or tears or sorrow for ever- to presents because of age was Sister Mary Isabella Horne, who was given a hardsome more. Abraham Owen Woodruff, son of Presi- silk umbrella with gold handle. Governor dent Wilford Woodruff and his wife, Emma Heber M. Wells, in his happy style, made Smith Woodruff, was born November 22, the presentation, and the honored lady res1872, on the farm just outside the city limits ponded in a few gracious and well chosen where he afterwards made his own home; words. The oldest Pioneer of the brethren he was of a religious nature and fond of his was Bro. James Luch, who was given a d home and of the companionship of those cane, with a few fitiing words. who were inclined to serve the Lord, in Utah may well be proud of the Pioneers, this respect following in the footsteps of his when they recall the labor not only of illustrious and exemplary father. crossing the plains, but to make this barren He filled a successful mission to Germany land habitable; and too much credit cannot remaining there between two and three be awarded to the Pioneer of Pioneers years, during which time he also visited Brigham Young and his faithful Austria and Italy, and made good use of who came here with him on that famous these opportunities. Not long after his re- pilgrimage Heber C. Kimball, Willard turn he married Helen May Winters, June Richard, Orson Pratt and Wilford 30, 1897, and on October 7, of the same year, was ordained an Apostle; ever since he has labored diligently among the Saints, MRS. HORNE AT HOME. and traveled hither and thither in the sev' Mrs. Alice Merrill Horne is home again, eral Stakes of Zion, and was one of the dehaving reached here August 18, principal colonizers of the Big Horn coun lighted with her success while feeling and away Temple June 30, 1897, and she' was a bride saany man might be proud to lead to the cred altar. er old-tim- e well-rounde- well-belove- gold-heade- rs 