WOMAN'S 68 The paper of the day was given by Mrs. Carol Y. Cannon, subject Mrs. John Jay. The paper was exceptionally interesting, well written and read in a clear musical voice and delightfully gracious manner. The secretary Mrs. Lucy W. Smith read from a very old paper published soon after the death ol General Washington, an account of the funeral exercises. Mrs. E. B. Wells read a Poem in memory of General Washington contained in the paper from which the secretary read; the verses were written by a young lady and may be found on another page of this issue of the paper. Mrs. Wells mentioned that the day previous had been Susan B. Anthony's Birthday Anniversary and felt we should all pay a tribute to her as she was most certainly a patriot loved her country and had done much for the women of the United States and the world at large. Many tender words of love and esteem were expressed by the ladies and all unitedly joined in congratulations to the honored woman who has sacrificed so much and labored so faithfully for the enfranchisement of the women of her country. Mrs. Beatie spoke of the visit of herself and Mrs. Wells to the home of Miss Voss in Indianapolis during their recent visit in that city. Mrs. Beatie gave a graphic description of the elegant and luxurious residence of Miss Voss with whom the two ladies dined and told of the many unique c hangings, statues, pictures and the lady had collected mher travels abroad. The meeting adjourned to meet on Washington's birthday Feb. 22nd, at the Exponent Office to commemorate the anniversary of the great hero, patriot, statesman and President, Father of his Country. Dainty refreshments were served by the young ladies of the household and, with each plate a toy hatchet marked Feb. 19044 The afternoon was delightful in every way, there was some choice music and the usual pleasant conversation. Woman s Exponent EMMELIAE B. WEI. .S, Editor ana Publisher. Published monthly., in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one year gi.oo; one copy six months-5cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers dehv-sre- d one for 2 cts. extra veai mail, postage by Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpnel disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, . Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as second-clas- s Salt Lake City, Utah, February, 1904 RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The General Annual Conference of the Relief Society will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city, Saturday, April 2, 1904, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. It is expected that each Stake organization of the Relief Society will be represented by the president or an authorized representative. All members of the are cordially invited to attend the society conference. Bishops and brethren interested in the charitable work ot the sisters will be most welcome, also officers and members of Y. L. N. M. I. A., and Primary Associations. Bathsheba W. Smith, President. bric-a-bra- j Annie Taylor Hyde, Ida S. Dussenberry, Counselors. EDITORIAL NOTES. There are several Stake orgonizations of the Relief Society that have not yet sent in their annual reports for the year 1903, Please take notice, as the time is near at hand for the general report to be made to the Conference, Please address Mrs. E. B. Wells. General Secretary, Templeton Building, Salt Lake City. The National Woman's Suffrage Associa-tibwhich met recently in Washington, D C, elected Rev. Anna H. Shaw, president, Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt, having refused to be a candidate for The International Woman's Suffrage Conference will be held in Berlin, probably June 20 and 21. Each of the ten countries affiliated will be entitled to six delegates and six EXECUTIVE SESSION N. C. W.f INDIANAP- OLIS, INDIANA. The executive session of the National Council of Women of the United Slates, was held in Indianapolis, in February of" this year, commencing Monday, February n, 1, 1904. Mrs. Mary Wood Swift, of San Francisco, the National President, presiding. Mrs. Swift is very original; there is nothing formal or stilted in her manner, she Ls easy and gracious on the plaiform, and affable and kind to all alike. The fiist afternoon, as only a few delegates had ytt arrived in the city, was given over to a sort of "love feast," and almost every one present was D. R. STATE SOCIETYinvited to speak and expressed an opinion in regard to the Council, its present status, The daughters of the Revolution held the and possibilities, if the high ideals regular monthly meeting Tuesday, Feb. 16, of its future founders weie foicered and practically 1904, at the home of Mrs. Clarissa S. Williams. The handsome parlors were deco- developed. The four ladies from Utah gave free exrated with the stars and stripes and other effective emblems, pictures, flowers, etc. pression to the opinions ther cherished on . the subject in question. The meeting was The Regent Mrs. Isabel M. W. Sears There was a very good number of hekHn the "Propylseum," a handsome and members present and after miscellaneous spacious building, erected and owned by business had been attended to the name of the club women of that city. Mrs. Israel Evans of Lehi was proposed for In the evening a preliminary business membership and she was admitted with a meeting was held in one of the elegant hearty welcome as well as by unanimous parlors of the hotel Claypool, the headquarvote. ters of the delegates in attendance at the n. - I . EXPONENT pre-siding- j At this meeting propositions Council. were made and some plans formulated to be submitted to the regular business sessions during the week. One of the most interesting things about the Council is the women themselves who constitute the body of the Council, its speakers and delegates. To study these grand women who came together from many cities, and various organizations, representing a variety of lines of work, and each with ideas of her own, and plans to be submitted, furnishes character-sof sufficient interest to make one tudy almost forget her own particular enterprise in the endeavor to know human nature better. Tuesday morning (closed session) the work of the Executive began in earnest, and continued during the week with scarcely time to make one's self comfortable so strenuous was the effort to keep up with the woik in hand. The Young Woman's Christian Assoch-tiovery generously invited all the ladies to lunch iu their comfortable hall and every day quite a number of ladies accepted their hospitality. This was one of the many p lite courtesies extended to the Council by the ladies of that hospitable city. At tue close of the afternoon session which was a continuance of Council business, tnere was a "Tea" by the Fortnightly Club, given in the room across the hall from the meeting, to which the ladies repaired to meet and be introduced to these earnest club women who had decorated their room beautifully and prepared dainty refreshments for the delectation of their guests, the time was so limited that there was very little opportunity for conversation, and as it often happens the affair was something of a disappointment, the meeting having kept so late. In the evening; at 8 p. m , the meeting was held in the large hall of the Propylaeum, a program prepared beforehand was given. Addresses of welcome by Mrs. Kate Huntington Day, President of the local council of Indianapolis, Hon. Winfried T. Durbin. Governor of the State of Indiana, (who, by the way, was not able to be present,) Hon. John W. Holtzman, Mayor of the City of Indianapolis, Judge Frank E. Gavin, President of the Commercial Club, of the City, and Mrs May Wiight Sewall, President of the International Council of Women; responses to addresses cf welcome, Mrs. Mary Wood Swift, President National Council of Women, of the U. S. After the speeches a reception was given by the Commerc.al Club and the local Council, and dancing followed. The hall was artistically decorated with flowers, flags and banners, in profusion, presenting a brilliant and gala appearance. The music and dancing kept up till a late hour, though no one seemed weary either of dancing or looking on. Wednesday morning, 9:30, session open to all members of affiliated organizations of the Local Council of the city. First came minutes, then reports of committees and of organizations affiliated with the Council. Mrs. Phebe Young Beatie, delegate gave the report of the Relief Society published iu this issue of the paper. Mrs. Beatie made an excellent impression upon the audience, she spoke clearly and her enunciation was perfect, the report was well received and accorded considerable applause. The report of the Y. L N. M. I. A. came next and was given without notes or paper by Miss Agnes Campbell delegate for n 