WOMAN'S EXPONENT i6 she enjoyed reading the Book of Mormon made a practice of reading it throrgh every year; spoke of many interesting things, and closed by adding that she thought Sister Horne would soon be with us again. Sister Martha Read spoke of our blessings and also of our sufferings. Sister C. J. Thomas desired to live worthy to go to testimony and serve the Lord with all our might, mind and strength; spoke lovingly of Sister Horne and her great labors among the Saints in Zion. Counselor S. J. Cannon rejoiced in these meetings spoke of the love "of Sister Horne for tLe sisters with whom she had been associated so many years and said in two weeks we shall hold the Salt Lake Stake Conference in the Assembly Hall and urged all the sisters to attend, it would be the last Conference of the Stake as it is now; she delivered a message from President Horne to the sisters to be sure and take care of the poor and especially those that are backward in making their wants known. The Relief Society is a great benefit and blessing to us all; we have ail worked hard, but it is those that prove faithful unto the end who receive the re- mored German intentions to the Dutch pilot of the ship in which he was sailing. "Oh, the Germans will never come here," replied the man if they do, we will open the dykes, and Bismarck is not able to swim!" ' RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE CLASS J 904-- 5. The Relief Society Nurse Class will comJackson County with the Saints hoped the 1 time would come when we will be united mence September 19, 90 j., continuing in all things. Sister Catherine Layne felt eight months. Four lessons a week will Dr. Margaret C. Roberts, the be glad to hear about the Lamanites, "they classgiven by instructor, and lectures by other phyare a great people, it is good to hear they and surgeons of Salt Lake City. sicians are coming forth in the Gospel, desire to also be a course of lectures on will There have the privilege of going among them as and other important subjects concooking a missionary." nurse profession by memthe with nected Sisters Peterson, and Brown, bore testiBoard of the Relief SoGeneral bers of the mony and Sister Mary Mair who spoke of whom or those by they may appoint. the time of Johnson's army, the poverty ciety to take the nurse course Students wishing the of but Saints at that the time, ward. through and not previously provided with pl?ces to Counselor Clara C. .Cannon said she reblessings of the Lord the ptople were restay during the term will have an opporlieved. ceived consolation and strength in attendSister Martha Morris sang a hymn anr. tunity of getting good homes where they ing these meetings, thought we had no time to trifle away, believed there were bore her testimony and talked upon the can at least earn enough to pay for their board and room. It would be advisable for great changes coming to us, .felt it was blessings of obedience. Sister Hook in speaking referred to her those intending coming from a distance, to good to bear testimony. Sister be here a few days before the class com-mSister Gardener and another sister bore friend. iness towards the Indians. ces in order to have time to get settled good testimonies referred 1o the Savior's Madson had been greatly blessed in getting in such places, during which few days they her genealogy to work in the Temple. beautiful example and precepts. Call on Mrs. P. Y. for. be will provided Stake Secretary Julia S. Woolley spoke Meeting adjourned with benediction by N. West Temple. Beatie, 55 secretary, of the need of charity, and said she felt the Counselor Elizabeth Webb. A Emma Empey, Amelia F. Wardoup, dividing of the Salt Lake Stake was a good Supt. Relief Society Nurse Classes move and inspired of the Lord, it would Secretary. give more sisters a chance to work in the Obstetrical class commences Monday, organizations, spoke feelingly of our chilA correspondent of the "Spectator" tells October 10, 1904. Tuition, 540.00; books, dren, and referred to the goodness of Sister the following story of the time when it was Ten dollars less will be $4 00 to $7 00, Horne for so many years. feared that Holland would be absorbed in to who those attend Relief Society General President Bathsheba W. Smith the d A chargedClass. German Empire. Nurse bore her testimony and referred to the time Dutch diplomatist of high position on a visit both classes, it might be Ladies when these meetings were first organized, to Berlin was attending a review at Pots- advisable taking if several could club together, how many good sisters, have been here in dam Bismarck, who had him in charge rent rooms and board themselves. times gone by, she felt good to be here on and ,and was anxious to impress him to the utaccount of the many happy times we have most with the Margaret C. Roberts. Instructor. military spectacle, was sur had here. After some others had spoken prised, as regiment after regiment went by the meeting adjourned, benediction by at his invariable comment, "Not tail DR. Sister E. Paul. enough not tall enough!" At length a Guards battalion ot particularly fine phyWill open a class in Nursing and Obsique; having passed, was received with the stetrics on Monday, Oct. 10, 1904, at The Ladies' meeting held Saturday, Feb. same "Not tall enough!" and Bismarck, her home, 713 Second Street, Salt Lake nettled asked the Hollander how he could 27, 1904. Counselor E. J. Stevenson presidThose desiring to attend will City. ing she gave a very interesting talk to the expect to se anywhere finer men than communicate sisters of her trip south and to California; these before him. Tue answer was, "Yes, please personally or by where she. saw orchards of oranges 'and they are tall, "but when we open the dykes letter. This class recommended by the bananas; mentioned more especially of the in Holland we can flood the country to ten General Board of the Relief Society. . native Indians in Phoenix, Arizona, how feet, so your soldiers would be still not tall Another correspondent gives fcSave Your they occupied their time attended governenough!" Money! ment schools and were being educated, a different version of the story. He was in when And you get a dollar, deposit it thought they were becoming intelligent and Rotterdam in 1877, and mentioned the ru- with Zioivs Savings Bank & Trust she felt they were blessed of the Lord, she Company, the oldest and' largest savings visited a Larnanite family where the man bank in Utah. was Counselor to the Bishop of Papago Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 37,600 sava are and native women then the ward, accounts. ings to the white women great help by washing laws of Utah permit married The for them, they are learning to sew: said the women and also children who are minors Relief Society sisters had doie all they to open savings accounts in their own could in teaching and helping them; she name, Dr. subject to their own order. Have Roberts Margaret also spoke quite feelingly of the sisters in you such an account? If not, open one NOW Mexico, met many who had lived in Salt Will commence her next class in ObstetVe pay FOUR PER CENT INLake years ago. rics on Monday, October 10, 1904. This TEREST on any amount from ovv dolSister Rebecca Brown said we should sew class will also have the lar to five thousand, and compute said advantage ii atseeds of charity and strive to be better interest the Relief Society Nurse every day. Sister Martha Morris sang a tending WKJTE for any information desired. hymn. Counselor Sarah Jenne Cannon was Class taught by Dr. Roberts. For furJoseph F. Smith, Prest. pleased to hear of the Lamanites being ther information, communicate with Dr. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No 1 Main Street. taught in the way they are in Arizona, said Roberts, 79 C Street. Telephone 2002. , ei newly-federate- ELLIS R.SHIPP. . OBSTETRICS 6. Semi-annuall- R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. E ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much a possible for your money. We aim to give you as TRY US (MSS Ifl y. JHIDCUIFEHY AflD NUISIJG. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her class in Midwifery and Nursing October 10, 1904. One student free. Write for particulars. This class recommended by the General Board of the Relief Society. . 