WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 165 ; 1 Deserefc Agri- - " - mi City, March 25th, 1S73. ;.of , - , uie:vuecior.-,uiteauy mejxmuiuonf to a all list pared premium competitors ottering a finer opportunity: of displaying : their skill, - -- geniusrr-producin- from t lie-- g jweca-ution- to-hav- e - I - J He ,. -- ' : :..,.r,-v:- ff In fa Ifmhilv 'ini?- , Il(f Avill bo . I :.. s MVHixu jiewepaper puuiiautu in ima p:frllf nt iinmft ns! o'lnkpr. i f rt" o micinrr I f mi r.1?a1 l" ut "b " ' "Ul" He shouldn't become a , , o Jiurmum8muu. ymau he does, all his work will eua msmoKe. and The young man Vvho. enjoys plenty of pions some of the worst places in town, would advocates anything and everything that and is ever ready to scrape ac- comiiany . I . . , . 1. t ii evns so increase nere ine ine toaroer tuusmesj u long lougnt "SiiinsKiquaintance, win unatil ..;.v;.- -: oy mis commumtyruevLuu ai auue uuwuai congenial. xucsuii. to to ascend tho him for The quickest way space lately to: the' '"Woman's Journal" published in Boston, confounding it with the top round of his calling is to become a hodto berate both, carrier. Exponent, and attempting ' A very "grave", young man might flour merely allude to the fact, as' an evidence . 'ma nnii: : wlitoHal ' ish as an undertaker. : for no matter Don't learn persons are, relative to matters of which they how well you please your customers, they t rea t so Hi ppa n t ly- Will sooner or later get down on your, work. of " tor And don't become an ':iimbrell-maker. . .. . 1.1 I i.i various Kinas, is again receiving uonsiueiuuiu heir business is "used up." attention. This is a matter which the ladies r Tf i1ft wnlli,i have his work touch, tho 0f the Relief and Retrenchment Societies can icads 0f the nation, we know of ifo way ho by precept and example, by LouId sooucr accomplish such an olyect than. encouraging the wearing of home manufactured w making combs. man who would ,Vhave ' the! fabrics instead of those imported, by throwing I The young . . - . .. i woven an influence in the way of wool Jbeing fruits of his labor brought oeioro ino eyes 01 WPll-brn- d. - J- : c 4 - 4 i """T - ' . - 4 cigur-majce- r. " - Directors of the and Manufacturing Agricultural Society propose holding another Exhibition, in vjciumci ioo. ur.rair, In order that ample time may be given to all whoicontemplate taking an active part ' in the- t act" a nd - . the Relief Societies of Utah:, , itneces-arrahgin- con-tionjoft- but ' I : ? :Xrr: '. -- " Deseret wages" ho should learn blacksmithing especially if he is good at "blowing." If he would embrace a profession in which he can rise rapidly he should become an sbronaut. i He couldn't find anything better ;; y; y. .i "for high."., .,.''' He certainly could do a staving (and perhaps a starving) business at the cooper trade. $ If he believes in "measures, not men," he x Small-polias continued to spread in this will embarkjn the Jailpringjnisines- g : : city,-athe City Council has deemed If f thefone" great "objectTif 7hislife;is to; saiy to order the quarantine regulations to be make money, lie should get a position in : the United States Mint.; ; avoided if people, who are'exjmsed to the If he is a punctual sort of a chap, rand not to anxious to be "on time," heshouhrput his" tagion, would' takeVigrbpcr carry it to others;, and were all those who need hands to watchmaking. If he believes in the chief end of man not be exposed to carefully keep away from his business largely "fclt. why of places where, while doing no good, they rould . . course he Will become a hatter. be liable to catch the infection. at the root of a tiling" he wants to Hons. W. HJHoopek and George Q. Can- - heIfwill become a"get dentist although if ho L" C. on ll' D. ,10n arrived home from .Washington. v,..,i im7,. vvai I uws lie Will, uu uni'ii iwuau " , , . fhA inth fon insf lnfofnrfhAimrrivnl fnh nt I in Tnr rnniiTii. noticed in our last issue, r They had passed ' If a man is" a bungler, at his bebt, he Washin a of winter excitement much through should become a phvsician and then he to over been and had able Utah affairs, ingtoir none of liis bad worklhrow upon wju of the the special legislation j his hands, lt. is generally buried out of passage prevent directed against this Territory. They were sight, you know. Should ho incline to high living, but pre- received at Ogden by a large number of their constituents, with a special train and music fer a plain board, then the carpenter trade can ilane board e from this city; and welcomed home in the will suit him. at that. r.:.rv;..T:.-:., warmest manner. .r PitKrAiiAT ioNs " forth-comin- ' are being made at the theatre in this city to provide attractive entertainments during Conference times, including the spectacular play of "Cherry and Fair Star," and the drama of "Stage and Steam," written by Mr. E. L. Sloan, of this city, which when first produced a few weeks ago was so well receive ' , cultural tmd Manufacturing Society are already ' " g premiums for the " Territorial Fai October,' tliis may seem early to direct atteii- there vaicomplaint liiacleaiid we think reaspnably so Tiy the ladies of the Belief Societies last year, that they had not sufficient notice to prepare for the Territorial exhibition so as to make such a showing as they desired to do, and hence we refer to the nexi i'air inus soon, une oi the most -interest- i.w. features of the last one was the department ing 111 wnJch 6everal -- I Ti? !e: of the Belief Societies made very handsomeex- hibitions. When it is understood a few months in advance that a Territorial exhibition will be held, the ladies and Societies that design participating in it will commence in time and exert themselves to have such a representation as i i they will be satisfied with. Since the above was written the following address was placed in our hands for publication in the ExpoNEXT,3whicliiJve3ake much plea f sure in lay in- - before the ladies of the Relief ii ii- - i: Societies throughout theTerritory: Ladies: The V'Z:Z'T eiigago;io7;'r:T;;7 If he believes n man should "strike for Conference. -- To anytiiing keen exposedioJJie eohtagionjiot comingto TERRITORIAL FAIR. Salt Lake ( ' te ed .',- i , Sonic individual has kindly prepared the Thf First. ProrI3Tnv Imvo vloomml following, and offers it as adviqc to young )0. nrr'Sonf- " :. f;,.; v., ; it expedient to telegraph throughout the Terri- - men: y . . . to man The has ambition who an, young y' f thevanous Bishops, -- enjoimng-the, ihakeli'greaTho m regaru jn sman-Sena,,wl!SSUJr U1 pox, and the importance of persons who have in that trade than else he can , '. . --- i - 2S rThe Board of Directors of the "MANLY" OCCUPATIONS, sexPected- presidents Young and WeUs are at home and most of the Twelve Apostles will "Thank (,'od the bill, has 'failed, Bufc this failure mav prove only a respite.'. The snake is scotched not killed. Xet l h rv wnnipn nf Now denounce the feting and their henator,. lias thus insulted Womanhood. Let them sec to it that Mr r leu uguuy.eu is never to the of theInitcd States. ,This question, as the Exponent has before eontenueu, is one not confined to the women of Utah, for had the "Frelinghuysen Bill? become law it would have acted adversely to the Wo man's Suffrage agitation throughout the United to note that' this States; and it lacx- is oeing reeoguized throughout - the country. re-elect- . m a t er- ac- - We cheerfully accord to the Ladies an of the fact that in their Fairs have invariably been a the Department khowledsrement tSUe?ofth mpatrre." and have irenerali v. exceeded that of v other department. ft-- J.. rfn .If -any l1 w 01 w K,rs lauui ine uigmiy iBAtt olK ; ,,ll 1 A . ; , "rr":, u,i,rv ... chair-makin- g, ; F . . ini in the Territory instead .... ... eFbemxmrt axiom ceded without proof. We feel therefore to ask fabrics woven in the factories in this Territory your honorable associations to unite with us, have been exllibited at the last --two Territorial Fairs, they have compared favorably with anythe exhibition of 1873 a truthful exposition of thing imported. We can all encourage home I i.iiif-.nrrtfrtr nil lmvoinfliipncp. our progress in material developments. v ' I ina crcaler J llllll VUUb LIU Wilfokd Woopruff, President, ,Tr- n.ul fn so doimr we promote YZh Tho being easilyseen through, cannot be: difficult to learn. Cannot some one prescribe as many good pursuits suitable to the different tastes and abilities of young women? u V. . OBEliTJL.XJAirBEieretary. 1 . I M.JM. T" n 010 cri ti'pfi t f ? i ' . i I ausnip Wine. uut iweive pounus ui oi iirs-i- iiii in si lcei ...tin i l.i 1 f em. i 11 f.W,... . ? - . ' 11 wl out. nf thom. TUU It anfi add to each gallon three Two. exceedingly interesting letters from pounds of loaf sugar. Boil the whole three. is ncany Miss Eliza It. Snow, will bo found in tbe pre-krE8IPI,XT (Jhant has subscribed $100 i quarters of an hour, and whcn.it - .sent number of the Kxponent. Wilson .?ou,to me coni acia a nine yeasi, ict n nnd from the hot-b- e We shall be pleased to see our friends, who Greeley monument fund. How much will in a tub stirring it every aday cask for twelve of the subscribed by the proprietors of Harper's torn, then put it into may come in to Conference, at the ollice As it works over JilLit up. every, to kill the over- - months " Which Helped west of Weekly", thecityiiLnrkct. Exponent, day. old man, is not yet announced. The Ann &l Conference convenes on Sun- - worked HOME AFFAIRS. . . . only truly enjoyed by a people wnen mey are seu-susiaimn- p. I tro fho iirinnr . ., , Vice-Preside- nt uj" 