'4 . EXPONENT. W OM A N'S 120 .. CHILDREN'S VOICES. On the & QAMPBELL PATTERSON, WOMAN'S EXPONENT. loth of December, 1872, there was Dealers in Book?, Stationery and Newspapers, A UTAH LADIES' a sort of Sabbath School exhibition in the East Temple St., SaU Lake City, Utah. 14th Ward Assembly Booms. Music, sing Orders from the country solicited, ing and recitations were offered by children The women of Utah occupy a position which Liberaldiscount to Sunday school Libraries. of all sizes, from the wo wean" that gave attracts attention tho of intelligent thinking men and General Agents for WoMis's Exponent. to tone, wouen everywhere. They are engaged in the pracJtsJittlestory:iii adult manhood. There is something so, tical solution of some of the greatest social arid moral JOHNSON'S , winsome, so benignly sweet in the voice of problems of the age, and a powerful interest is mani! or same words MEDICINES FAMILY HOMEMADE that the innocence, spoken fested throughout the United States, and, it may bo seem mature more of sung by persons years Warranted to be Better; than the Bestimp- gajd, the entire civilized world, tojearn from reliable to have to convey a different impression, sources the views honestly entertained by them oa orted, nd. Give Ample Satisfaction. a less desirable effect upon the heart. And BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They on this particular Sabbath it might have cleanse and They have been grossly misrepresented through purify tho blood, stomach and bowels. been a fancy, but if so it was a very happy Act powerfully upon the liver, kldnoys ancLurinary the press, by active enemies who permit no opportuone it seemed as though the very voices of organs. Break up fevers, strengthen digestion and nity to pass of maligning and slandering them ; and the children had really become like those of bring the rosy hue of health to faces emaciated. Are with but limited opportunity .of. appealing to the the angels, especially in their singing. cathartic, stimulant, and soothe, by removing telligence and candor of their Jejlp w countrymen and "Children may come;.. to tKe '.avfbr".-anthe cause of disease. Arista fa JuidJharn journal to-d- ay arpecLbaby, theso-question- . in-ton- ""Heartsanfl'Home1 ces wherec pathos that tears, grateful, pleasant young or old. Try them fairly, and you will never ..tears might have done honor to tho eyes of use any more imported pills. Price 25 cents. so-mu-ch aTsbldief who: - iMMsic-j.' had! been l&l listener;, but v y'j2Jr: - Vs Utah as the women of Utah themsehes? " It is bet- - . ter to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented r by others l" EYE BALSAM. For dimness of vision, Weak or For these reasons, and that women may help each old ulcers, sores, drooping ej'ea, other bythe.diff information ringworm, tetters, cracked or sore Tips, bands, etc. possessed, by many and suitable to all, tho publica' Price 25 cents. tion of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, J CONKLIN-FALV- E. -- For-pai commenced. The aim of this journal wilt bo to discuss every! subject interesting and valuable to women. Jt will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news local and general, household hints, educational mat ters, articles on health? and dres5, correspondence, editorials on leading topics of interest mif able to its columns and miscellaneous reading. It will aim to defend thdjigb, inculcate sound principles, and disseminata useful knowledge. J , Utah, in its Female lvtditf Societies, has the best organized benevolent institution of the ago; yet, but labors of these little is known of the Societies. In Woman's Exponent h dp;irttncn t wm uu UWWU'J w -- ri .f their m. etin nnd other matters of interest connect' d with their workings ; and to thi3 end the Praideiits and : ( crtfarios of the various Societies thr. ugh nt tho T..rri-..-rare reto furnish quested "eompiunicat'ons which will recei ve . ive - cim2ii - Co-operat- ive self-sacrifici- -- kissing. cry of the seal is soft and and resembles - certain -- sounds common to all Languages, "pa pa" or "ma ma." flute-lik- e, A f H. J. E. JOHNSON "; ' . WALLACE Has tho best, largest and purest stock of Woman's Exponent will bo pjb!Ubtd semiin Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies monthly, each number containing t ight p , quarto. The following low rates will place .it within the to purchase. reach of .all, and the hope is that it may be i.i.hJo so ! gr-s- Should bo in every house! baJBINGEH w:ii iuo .i.uu fu. Z,r. rC; ' ... . BEVIHa-MACHlN- Ef . . . . most ,'ieiicate and as well egant, r .PinesL sewing? in a styie unl ' ." machine, lieceived the first errnoriHi n'mxr, in October last. Its n otJ0ct ofl general ad- miratioa Wore of tho Sincrer are sold than hf IWlS ftST CiKr tT Z. C. M. I. General Agents. TIT- i . 111.' o- woutu rcspecuuwy call Z. C M. I. Retail Dry Utah. r. Hoods Ukpartment. We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, : tabtc fcr thereat va- ricly of our Patrons. We contmuft to manufaetiirerthe Celebrated.' . your attent'ron to tho SALT LAKE GLOVES. , ... fact, that wo havo one of tho Largest and best Stocks vy,l- ,",s f'.l., V.T- - ... . II.. a. I orptrsKv, mat win do lound rge assortment of Fino Shoos year, 1 CopLtL,, S: y lrpun( of Female ltelief Societies and others interested in a work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine. Address all, communications and Publishers Woman's ExpoNfcNT, Saltsnbftcrijitio'n, Lake ( Utah, f : T)U, W. II. GROVES, : Office a While wo carry a fino Secr.nd Snnfh .i OOico Kf -- v r DENTIST, mini uinirs wmi n Hours from 9 a.ra. to 3 p.m. J8 I stock of the elegant fabrics pURNLSII YOUR HOaIES. of the day, yet tho grand staples, such as Domestics, Checks, Stripes, Denimj, etc., aro offered &t the low & SONS, Salt Lake City. est possible figure. H. B. CLAWSON, Sup't. 1 y ould advise the Ladies who want to buy fin Parlor and Sets of furniture to call and examine the immense stock kept by 1 The above goods wo will sell at tho lowest possible DUNFORD TER5IS. Strictlv in A(1rnrtn Copy one Children's. Iosicry,Shoej, and Gloves,' a specialty. of PfliladeTphiA and California tnak price. ' n l'i tk.iaes one year, i .No subscription received for less than six months. It is earn-stldesired that the rt oi joules , Miswi- - and Children's FUJiS in Sets, as ...4V. 1 2 .. ..... - i-- PECIAJi TO THE LADIIS. In ,u ... duft attfiition. Miss Eliza U Snow, Present of entire Pentnle Belief Societies, cordially approver of tho journal, and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from v her numerous duties. St. George, Utah, ; ng y orfe-twelf- th PRIZE T- d the side, back, breast, or other part? of the svstcm. cuts, wounds, sores, etc. Price 25 cents. How shall the rendering of this immortal ESSENCE O E LIFE cures cholera, d iarrhea, on 1 the divine art be described! summer., complaints, coughs cholics, tooihaehey and The very touch of the tiny, child fingers many other ills. Price 50 cents. upon the keys of the organ sounded as if These medicines are for sale, wholesaleand retail, at softened by the influence of sweet souled ZION'S DRUG STORE, messengers from choirs above! stores The neately arranged little dialogue and Salt Lake City, and at most of the -the Territory. song Wliatwas witnessedin the Ilea vensT' throughout If not kept in your stores, ask yourjnerchants to was also very chastely and sweetly executed. ininfir .was alUtlelitrhfnL the .recita- - send for them. stores throughout the Territory fur- served, who could ever tire of ' t'j pa A.ftttrb mission, or sold at rates advantageous voices?" Let us have more music. AGENTS are authorized to refund tbo money where the medicines do not give satisfaction, and The seal can be readily tamed, and bedistribute to the poor needing the pills at comes very affectionate. It may be expense of taught the proprietor of amount disposed of many things, such as shaking hands, bowing rrom tne of Laboratory and The " :j-rr."- . m, . y " ' ; eyelids,-inflame- "There's music in the hll; "There's music in the school-roo"There's music for us all; "There's mueic in thflufouLtain; " t hero's music in tho sir; "There's music in tbetruo heart, "Thero's music everywhere:" ic, Bed-roo- m II. DIN WOODEY, " At; o. 31, East Temple Street, asd South Street. " " " ?o. 75. 'first 