i: x p o k e x t. 118 Railroad Company, is pronounced $27,237,512 currency, bearing interest at the rate of ;C cent per annum... ...Comodore J. D. Mc- per Gail JIaiiiiltoii lias the Kenny, of the United States Na vy, r lately &toe ;Jia. a jiew jook ealleU "Palmetto diesixty-si- x years old, and leaving wr is ntmore jvvmu "J property valued y?:., puuiuaic ;thaiijy,uyjj..t,,i State Itheoilicef .. . . . , SPLINTERS, smalf-pox......Mr- If, -- l.t. i . -- 11 1 galit-tlioug- s. l j seem, if necessary. Though friendships be turned lt to kmdred desert and cherished ones turn away in derisionstill, true faith even walk will have the power to stand, into the wilderness, if so directs! by the voice of Goi , .. v v h, !Ht:n .11(1.1. uitli; CUJ kun.il u viihv I I . Wi. ; videre of the SenaterrrThc Areri ihTHPYh of 1 , to Mr Elliott of New exercise -faith m the f true and living God. and , curuarj r 4nike,i,nanes oi .Austria lias lately completed '0rk,.... .Another Arizona diamond hunter to manifest that faith its repre ins seventieth year.;.... The income tax m COmes to with several potinds sentative earnest workbyin jthelegitimate City Virginia of behalf virtue India is to be abolished Nellie Grant 0f what are -pronounced "gcuinerubies.";....; r . . . i 11. : ii v iaiLi -w j ii 1 Jiii i l,ii rwiiii jt irn in liii.s viirv...... rni i ntf.i fi - w ttf- ino i and integrity has not aroused the ire of Satan Crown Prince of Germany is an artist...... ivon mm rPi(im.n tn n ?fndonf aiKl tnose who do his work? Yet, when ever the world so full of corruption, so crimsoned Fred Douglas talks of croing to live in Eu- - Uvim i dnwn with th :i crime, so fully ripe in iniquity as at the rope.i..;.A Terre Hautrlndiana, belle stands -evcr-wI six feet one inch in imityamong separate schools for it.tr whi to children and present time? When a. as nas w so wuen an new uou oi ood now, 7 Hose Porro, arrested in the Saints story entitled "AWSj colored ones. requisite ilenry Master o( Greyhounds,,.... ..Iarnuni laj i Naples for child murdering, 'has confessbd the powers of the Evil One seem to be arrayed had his pockets picked and a dianiond4 f therlerrible crime of ihaving starved and in arrogance and stubborn, jealous enmity of right mid justice? X7. V forty infimts; to satisfy her greed lor money. . Mothers should be united in teaching to the ybcrs A i 118 $118,000,000......ichiganiroduced ' - i J"HUi liuUJ.mm n lucui ciiii uiui pairs of boy twins durin & AlolIo-Be- l ; . ! ..... - ThA-uAi.iiAn- i - f sirLall-nox;- lspcldngs.5lr1 as , frtoTluTj -- uuvv-viwii- - j h th consist of a foot nice to the nearest that they no longer create the slightest which will keep them safe from falling into divorce court..,.ine d ai)anese iiiinoassy was surprise V : 2 the courage to them , .and'Hve iTemi)tatioiii t?,: ..M.v;" -..... ..... . v , , r..r..iv vnionio notorious Lrsicau ujinui t, TlialBiste-oI3TotmIMn- v. - v,,i,4V-li1iM',i-,j- O their services as nurses at the sniall-po- x sentenced to be hanged and each time made Jwrs"bf "tlie vain and wicked. The Saints V hospital in Ikwtou... premium was hi pcano once from the verv saiffold wis s"ouil t'Si11 to see that the unity which they haver been long couiiseleil ami urged to adopt, is offered "lit ablate irhMontgomeryfAJa.y Hieiylio'rtndilleT the , young woi f for .. e nest Wiie lor a r- - : 1 iKMiinaunine the Pullman ..'Palace O-.- - - 1 1 .. i -J , . .. similar to that eiur peace. of Car ninvprl in sintino- nrfpsinn w ells. A young aro nnisned and Lulv in Indiana, a few days since, fell into HISTORY REPEATING ITSELF. company, ln cnicago, ' Ierof occupied:rr.v.lowell,s fo the fire in- -a has been in the placed Capitol death before the accident was discovered. Some eighteen centuries ago the World rys Victory A woman in Delaware at Washington Tennie C. Clafllin has lost her Colonel- - saw the snectaele of the most iowerfiil out a yilj uuy years in one laiimy a larm nana....... thctie letters to Mrs. . Wroodhull...peaking handful of believers in a new That The lecture field will soon be abandoned by 0f the Credit Mobil ierf a contemporary says, power wasRome; that faith was the Gospel, as . OluJgaiiJ'jroudej-cturnitodand.iiWhocalwilWiei,.Newljern,-NT..a- . Vmu nhii.-b- v was niticn sooner man ne expected...... eats shad at $1:80 per pair. In soimj i?nm, to r.i.wimw the few who be-Oysters are being taken from Norfolk, Va., portions of France and Snain Woman's i. ihi to a niche in the xce ai mefits are wonderful v recoL'niXH : she inav ui r piuuieu im uiu xjiiuzu tuui ti o ' i t ti Pantheon among their other deities, and being j fci. raui inas neon jouneen i.cet tnick...... diop her own wood, fodder her husband's recognized as one of the gods to whom temples tnc uistempen sock, and all that sort i,nicago lost uu norses oy ibcsidei L thing, . were reared; .but would not acknowledge,: nor r ......v,uiHieeiicui i.. ill A locomotive shop in Russia employs 4,000 .seven daily papers, six more than Florida. permit others to proclaim, . his superiority to ineu..,...SniaJI-pox- , is spreading iii .New The euphonious name of a suburb of the deities before whom the Itomans bowed in reverence. And edicfsniveM iglAiMliiroQ.klynoiig-'.Islandr-lia- cl is "Di rty I lolland." Dubuque t lie. Christians to sacrifice to the Pagan deities, fires' in December... .....L;ike twenty-si- x or to inflict upon those that refused the severest George was frozen over in December last, the third time in thirty years at so early a date. Tllll WOMAN'S EXPONENT. penalties. And not alone on account of religion Wisconsin is ;said to be more than, i wo were those edicts to be enforced, for as one million dollar doctrine "of the Clnistiaivfaith was Jhatdtheir. loulsc i iii:i:m:. i,utor. "iaTTialLl "at o lx)'ril woul(l come as a Messiah to deliver Israel in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms The University at Geneva has, in a gentle-manl-y OnePalli5hel and establish his Kingdom, this was held to be coiy one year, ?2; one copy, six months, Si. Ten copies .the irico of nino. Advertising rate?: Kach .square, eight treason manner, oened its doors to women. for against Ilonie, punishable with death. unes oi nonpareil ppaee, one tunc, per nionm, i. ......Philadelphia proposes, a tower 1,000 Campbell & Patterson, tenenlAgents, East TcuiiIe street, So the Christians were hunted like wolves, feet hi,rh, to illuminate the grounds of the .ait case tity. were thrown into the arena to combat With Address all basinc?s coin irtunieatii'ns to Centennial great Expositiou....The Chicago ljubliiheri Woui.n's ExroXKT, wild beasts, were crucified, tortured in the Lake Utah. salt water-tanCity, is k a in iron public library kept large most horn Me manner, and martyred, to satisfy monster nettle of Australia 7,.:T the vengance of those wiiodcmanded that they SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1 , 187:1. grows to the height of forty feet. ......Yale should turn away from the faith they had College is to have a new chapel to cost received, deny Christ, and acknowledge, the SEED FOIt CO UK AGE AND UNITY. .si 00,000. The Boston flats are being filled jupremacy of Home and the gods worshipped mbbrshronrtheburiieirbm evcTi To to or a know believe, thing, Ho mat by the Ilomaus. ..?ilassachusetts has $11,797,313:02 in ter to amounts how People now look back to those terrible very little important, her livings' !xmks.....lt is said that free use of the Atlantic-cablhas been offered to unless that winch is believed can hp tested, or seasons of persecution as presented on' the' the Smithsonian Institute..... .Ohio men get the knowledge existing be put to use. It is pages of history, that the Christians had to lined; for Jopeiiing: their "wives letters.. true faith which gives a person courage to pass through, and thank God that such scenes During the past year, within the limits of speak or act in defense of right, at the risk of cannot be enacted now; that people, especially the United States. 7.178 miles of railroad leing eonsidereil unnonular: to Im- linnnsf. - j in this enlightened Itepublic, are not have been completed, and (1,51 1 miles put though it bring but poverty and neglect; to be for collsciencc sake; and, perhaps inpersecuted the next under eonstructioii, making a total of DS.W-- 1 hyal, though niisrenresentcd and breath, will urge the passage by Congress of ..... innvnetl iVimn: to stand flrni and steadfast for some nines on unieji orK nas oeen (tone. proscriptive measure against the Latter- ew jersey nas tnirty-tlire- e the all is banks. truth, though dark, save, where the day Sainis. Point out to them the savings y Tho abreviatory letters, M. C. Jor 3lem- of Cod of anl hope of their so doing, and they will appear thought hrighter'days khv ler of Congress, may now be appropriately one small ray of light just enough, to keeb the amazed. It is not the religion of the Latter- transviTsi'd. and n nl "f soul from jinking utterly True faith that they-argive opo.sed to;oh,-- no! . . ... i Mobilier.,....The uuiount of bonds which .4 even in ttieTaceof oiv. But they object to "a theocratic imVernniPnt' aci, the Government issuwd to the Union Pacific Mrci.guiaiKinea.iio to tell the however harsh it truth, lsition; i -- head-quate- rs new--painti- nejy jorprc - ng -- a-- , -f- a-ith : " 1 vtf-,i,.nt- iia.i-Jw1Ht.-fc-citurcJies.- -- ..... . (toin i I . 4. - I seuii-montlil- y, " . . . " up-wi- th e . . . - - mi.-judg- -- ol, 1 -- ineon-sistenc- j j - I A 1 .1 1 ..JL A Klay-Sain- ts e - . may j -t- hat is, a government where God rules; thev . 