a party which, as far as I have heard, all agree was one of the: best in Ogden this winter. Our. meetings are held regularly on each alternate Thursday afternoon, in the New City Hall. President Kichards, Bishop Ilerrick and Jhebrethren generally seem to take pleasure in advising and assisting us to get along so as to make our labors pleasant to lis as well as beneficial to ourselves and others. We think there is a gradually increasing interest in the affairs of the Society in this place, and we hope to continue to have that feeling and influence until all the worthy of our sex are happily e n ga ge d wi t h u s. f Amelia M. Fhodsham. on tho bottom, flaring and fitteti with covers. This fact is worthy of attention, r Kvery cook should consult the taste in; the use of salt. A quart of sifted flour, looselv nut in. : will weigh a pound. When STokrxci away dried fruit, put in small twigs and leaves of the China tree. A large quantity is not required, and the leaves, etc., can easily be taken out wlten the fruit is to be used. This is said to be a certain preventative against worms in all kinds of dried fruit. A cement said to stop cnicks in glass vessels to resist moisture and heati Disolve caseine in cold saturated rsolution of borax and with this solution paste strips of hog's From a report of a meeting held by the or bullock's bladder (softened in water) pii . Society of the 1st Ward of this city, on the glass and dry: at agentle heat j if Ahe : I - i ldta ! bepublished at length we learn that a vote the outsid e before i t has become qu ite dry, was taken by thosapresentWdrcp theWOKt itlrastelDfaTH 'Female1 the Society. tioin) fsil i catOoa-andq- u ickjli me- - or Mrs.: plasterof lrisr;3 beth Thayiie secretary.; The Soeietycis in a Plain ArrjLE Pie. For the crust boil ; T healthy condition. white, meji milks for the tebleuuleCiitdoIw Ivtioad Sister Hannah Carter, Secretary of the in or unbolted flour to mix well, and llelicf Society of - Springvillcp forwards a rollgraham out. Put in a good quantity of ; apples cheering report of that Society, which has prepared as for sauce. Put, m place of an also takeff the necessary vote to dispense bars of crust across. with the Word "Female" in connection with upper crust, the name. Cooking Raisins. It is well to cook raisins before putting theni into pies, cakes HOUSEHOLD HINTS. or mirs. Salking them is not sufficient. f. -- A poor, patrent man, of my personal acquaintance, is a bachelor, wandering from place to place, without one gentle, , loving word of sympathy- ever being uttered for him by cherished lips; without a hand to clasp as dearer than any other in the world to him5r a trusting heart to beat in unison w ith his own. I am also acquainted with a lady who is moving rapidly on towards thirty: pale and rather pensive, who stands behind a counter instead of taking charge of do at her present a household, as age, leaving the shop for some one younger or older to mind. And all this because she did not Understand cooking. J She would not learn to cook, and the gentleman, now a TjaeTieTorTWWld not "pop. the question." To this some, of our "strong minded women," would say, "Serves him right, silly 'brute' let him learn to do his own cooking!?! . But 1 - she-shoul- d Steaming them, by pouring a small quantity! of boiling wTater amongst them in a tightly closed dish, and allowing them plenty of time to cook before opening, is a good plan. When rasins are rightly cooked before jising they are plumper and more palatable, and can be eaten without injury by most . :. For the JSxpos.rst. EXERCISE FOR GIRLS. Since the body is not only the "temple of ; . - ovemberthf lasthiehs-nowo- o as the Bostonians argu ed respect- i ng t hree cents a pound on tea. It is not enough that one sex be trained to bodily strength and symmetry; that is doing the work by halves. Let the girjs also have due attention on this point. And do not let all their exercises be drudgeryy either Washing, sweeping and churning are all very well in their place; but if "all work and no play make Jack a (lull boy," I contend that it will also make Jill a dull girl. She should lean-- to skate, to jawUnto piaxball, l and yes, to shoot ! Self protection demands this last in these .wild, western countries, and to my mind, it would be far more pleasing to see our girl going out on shooting excursions with her brothers and sturdily bearing home at night the game she has captured- ;- than llaceu upCjn. corsets, .with smeJlipgJojtlle at nose, giving little plain tive screams ICTic great-one- s creatures; which should; awaken admiration for His lMundless wisdom, instead of fear or even disgust. It is high time fljat sueTfner frognor anyr of God's-harnil- ess vmis-timid- ity, not to say such affectation, should pass into disfavor.;Anothery b(t w rabl e en would d : acconiplishrt h to give the girl such confidence in her physica- Jjo. is-de- si that-- .she' would" l-prowess : jeeTh ersel f equal to any smal conti ngencies. zz It would be a pleasant sight to see com- - attached to every modious 1 play-groun- ds land ;where Jbotlr boys and girls should be encouraged to engage in active games suitable to their age and -strength.. Anil more; well ordered and well conducted ealistheuiums should lished where girls might hoard strength of nerve and spine, which shall enable them to afflict defy the many ailments w hich y their mothers and almost maketheiriives a burden. Like all good things, exercise must be used with due moderation; but so long as it does not pass that boundary, it is the great tonic which will give lithe liml, bright eyes, and straight spines to the next i be generation. Xo better physicians can cheer-fulnefound tlian pure air, regular habits, and judicious exercise. Give these to the girls as well as the boys, and see how soon feeble, incapable, wornlooking mothers ":7 will be replaced by rosy, smiling matrons, ,ri households and beauti-fu- l, d whose d children, bear witness to their great capabilities. schoolroom in-t- he be-esta- b-r- -- to-da- j the soul," but also its servant and friend, the means by which it is able to make impressions on tangible things, it has claims to care and culture, education and development, only secondary to those of the soul itself, If it be true that a cramped body can only give imperfect impressions to the desires and capabilities of the soul, how manifestly believe in wWian?sright important Jhat no .painsjukl ie spared to our dear, old Eve, set unfold every Iateut power, and train to the us a worthy example in looking after what utmost extent of useful action, every bone, ; A Letter feom Eliza Cook. Tho she and Adam were to eat? And did not muscle, organ and nerve which the body "Western Mail" states that a gentleman Adam partake of what she had prepared for contains! residing in South Wales, having written to This article is written especially iu the in- Miss Eliza Cook expressing the sympathy him, without interfering with her domestic arrangements?, thus proving that a woman terest of girls, for custom has long demanded felt by him and other local bards for the for boys vigorous and healthy exercise, poetess, in respect of the rumors circulated naturally understands better .what is for, herself and lier household than a man which is the legitimate means of; giving as to her death, has received tho following Thorntondoes. Gentlemen wish, when they marry, harmonious vigor to the body! 7 But custom acknowledgement: "Beech-housto get wives who know enough to manage has also forbidden for girls such exercise, -hill, Wimbledon, S. W., near London, overto the affairs of the kitchen without their wrestle, Nov. 30, 1872. I am too worried, to write because forsooth, it is uiigenteel and opinion about everything. Only rn n and row : and scarcely dare; the slaves of much, my dear friend, for such I feel you to sight iuterui'-ddler- s think they know enough for sex and fash ion indulge in equestrian exer-- bo but I must acknowledge your kind and themselves and the rest of the family too, cise; certamiynot wnnoui various trappings J manly letter. The 'people' are, indeed, most ; and so trusting, marry indolent, ignorant and restrictions which fetter free movement. sympathizing with me, andthcir generous Views support goes far to soften the bitterness of girls, Who are only fit for parlor ornaments, It is time that more common-sensand never know or care to know whether wre entertained on this subject, especially the cruel ..and unfounded reports , lately ' the food they eat is calculated to promote or by the people of Utah, whose aim is the issued about me. You may be glad to learn injure health. Now, if you want to inarry a rpnp.wal of the primeval strength and that 'I have", lived during the last ten years gentleman, young lady, be wise and make longevity of the human race. There caii be with a nephew and his familyp occasionally wife no valid reason ww we may not orcaK visiting my brother. 'Tho last three years yourself worthy of being a gentleman's r through the trammels of foolish and ground we have resided here, and a most happy ; learn to cook. Aunt Trudik. less customs, such, for instance, as the deep home! have, where bopo to really die, is proper when it pleases he Great Father to call me Making Biiead. Milk is always prefer- - prejudice against whistling. beIf itsiiocKcu so to "my eternal rest. lam a sufferer, but my able to water for mixinc Accurately for a boy to whistle, why measure or weigh everything used in mak-- I deeply when under similar circumstances a brain has never lost its perfect power, andtoI Not hrmn it novnr will. With warm thanks ng bread." Experience- - has - shown - that irirl indulges in the harmless pastime! am, iiy.dear SirK baking pans should be about seven inches that to be debarred '"from whistling would be yourself and your circle, cook." long, four inches deep, and four inches wide a great privation, but little things exemplify yours truly ever, eltza great-grandmoth- ss -- Well-ordere- sweet-tempere- er, ' ' - , " e, e. I CJ J 