For tho ExroxEM. FACTS AND FIGURES. HSCEELANEOUS. KATIE'S BIRTHDAY, PRESENT.;. A missing minister of the srospei is wanted in Ilowwood, Scotland. He left his .. breakfast table-t- o go to his office he said to her, "Put on your hat and cloak, Katie, and walk up town with me, and we'll see if we can't find a bird and cage that will do for you to bring home as a 'Birth day Present'. ' ' Pleased beyond measure, Katie did as directed,1 and half an hour afterward, camp home with a lovely Goldfinch m a perfect palace of a cage. "Isn't Papa good said the young lady, as sue proceeded to haner- - her new pet in the parlor window. But all the remainder of the morning Katie seemed troubled. She supplied her bird plentifully with food, and wafer, and every few minutes she would go to it, as it hopped about from one side.to the other of i ts magnificent prison, and put 1 her lips "close to the bars, say somthinir in a half Asather-waslcavingt- he 1 whisper, whiclTl Irig mother sbotliing a fretM child. chargerabouttwo'monthsrago for a holiday trip to America, and has not returned. A young lady disappeared, at the same time, but of course this fact has no connection with hi s ligh t i ng out." A dollyIVaiipex fie: Take about four yards of light doughy gather i t up in light flounces, crimp the edges? ,and fill up with fruit; then lay oh the ovcrskirt, fasten it with buttons of dough connected with frills of the same, and you will have a tasteful and elegant pie, only you must eat it, not ,.. wear it. , The willow that bends to the tempest better- - than the oakrwhicl re often sists it; and so, in great calamities, it sometimes happens that light and frivolous spirits recover their elasticity and presence of mind t ierreharaeter- soonerii hanHhose-ofaI- of "Sir Walter Scott." -- -- upon the earth . seemiiiLdy unimportant at hand to meet him with events of life succeed each other. As the her merry prattle, as usual. "How is the snow gathers together so are our habits 'BirthdayJPresent my little ghl?' asked formed. No single action creates, however he as she came silently-an- d thoughtfully to- it exhibits man's - character; but as the ward him. The child's face crimsoned, as tempest hurls the avalanche down the she put up her mouth for the accustomed mountain, so passion may overthrow the kiss, without speaking. edifice 01 truth and virtue. "What is it Katie, doesn't the Goldfinch Dr. Franklin recommends a vounsr man, suit a Would that she w'as not . J- you have preferred you? ?'' continued. father Canary "Well, no, dear Paj, P 'Birthday Present,' though I ought to be ashamed to acknowledge it, I know," answered 'Kate demurely. "Not if you meau it, my frank darling," answered our indulgent parent, "let Mat have the Goldfinch and I will bring you home a Canary this evening.!' -- "But I don't want a Canary Papa! and had rather the Goidfincliwere taken back; for although it" is very beautiful, and its singing delightful, I cannot look at it or listen to its music without feeling as though I must cry. I don't want a bird, Papa; I cannot think it is fair or just or right, according to the laws of nature and the statutes of creation, to keep the little creatures housed up thus, when the broad firmament and free, wild woods are their o native elements. I should never feel in the choice of a wife, to select from a bunch,giymgas a reason, that when there are many - daughters they improve each other, and rom emulation acquire more accomplish ments, and know more, and do more, than a single child spoiled by parental 'fondness. This is a comfort to people with large families. Chiseled Features. The features may d sixpence (62c.) a week to live on. The Bishop of Philadelphia proposes to cure the horse disease with prayer. The Knights of St. Patrick of St. Louis tal k of a $2i 000 mon u mentto the memory , of Daniel O'Coiinell. Two .hundred thousiind gallons ofwine: were made at Yountville this season and 100000 gallons of brandy. The statute of Chief Justice Taney was upon the pedestal at Annapolis, Md., on the 21st of November. It represents Taney in '. a sitting posture. t ; The "Papal Index,'' contains the names of nineteen books which tho Jloly Father prohibits.; Among themis Dr. Buchner's . "Force and Matter." Tin: Boston "Pilot,"-- twice burnt out, gaysrit phoenix buiiness.-'-fcllPi- i. uobly from our ashes an JjlKEjkes;dsriowitha asked fbFIC ExlSSTd allows Its paupers rtwrrshillings-an- inoreZ' - tr rise . lege, has been invited by the graduates of that institution resident in Troy, N; Y., to lecture in that city on Professor Tyndall's r I'Prayer Oauge." The working girls in the Arlington wToolen mills have sent to Jennie Collins eighty-on- e dollarsfor- - the sewi n g cri rls of Boston, who have lost their work by the fire. Indianapolis boasts of a contractor who can neither read, write, nor figure, and yet can accurately es i i ma te the number of bricks for a wall of given dimensions, and the cost of construction. Cardwell, the British War Minister, has sanctioned the introduction of playing cardsJnto-ih- e soldiers' recreation room as an experiment in the way of weaning soldiers " ' ' ' be common and characterless, but if they are from the public houses. soft and uncertain, and the spaces around : Colonel Thomas A. Scott has completed them ample, they are safe. But of the contracts for provi transporting supplies, defined forms and scanty quantities let us sions and laborers, and 25,000 tons of iron to beware though fond- - mothers call - them be used in building the transcontinental which begins at the end of the Hhat is admired as delicate and precise railroad, Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railroad. now, may be too likly to turn out sharp and A man's total outward work, his whole mean effect opon the world in twenty-fou- r liours. Self-ExaFew Tias 350 been reckoned about ination. That sufficiently be as a practice the habit of may taken good "hard day's work." ,. man is", liable rtorciroQiM .During4heame:the llieart has; been working: : Thrx)ugh;:Iife - the house." -- check,- rebuke .t s He at the rate of 120 requires That is to say, :our Thus philosophized sensitiev hero- should personify hisi own conscience. He if all the pulses of a day and night could be ine, and who shall argue that those should be his own good spirit, hovering concentrated and welded into one great girlish reasonings were not correct? "Father over himself in moments of passion, temp- throb, it would be enough to throw a ton of ' did not, but yielding to her childish persua- tation and danger, and reminding himself iron 120 feet into the air.- sions, he carried the bird and cage back to that he owes a duty to his Maker with which the store, and sent his sympathetic daughter the opinions and consequences of the world to If the following is not a "Fact," it ought be, Wo are personally positive of many a splendid volume on ornithology instead, have nothing to do. Cicts not half so good j and the figuring is "with which she Is Wghly llelightedr Papa Woman's Drudgery. The ; hygienic certainly excellent, showing that Ohio, thinks Katie a fine "Woman's system is the cause of with all its intemperance has still some true Rights" woman, one of these days, and that both as respects the preservation ofwoman, health husbands, and it is to be hoped they are she ought to belong to the 'Society for the and the treatmeut of disease. A simpler justly appreciated: "The epizootic has dePrevention of cruelty to Animals." more and wholesome plan would relieve her veloped In Cleveland, Ohio, ' ' among other Sisteh. Little of one-haof her hard toil and a vast present deal of marital devotion. The things S L. City, Docnmhpr 1 ft 7?., drudgeryrwhil i t would promotelhe health wi fe of one gentl emnn d esired "to attend the " of her household. At least four-fiftof all Patti concert, but was in feeble health and A of farmer Alvarado, Alameda county, tho money expended for medicines and unable to walk. Thd husband put her into r some months since, put in fifty acres of seed medical advice, are paid because of the a stout baby carriage, and proceeded straightfor an experiment in chicory culture. lie diseases of women and children. And nine-tentto the. JialL where Patti .was' to and way went on a visit to the East On his return of all the care, nursing, night watch- at the close of the entertainment hesing; trundled recently he found that instead of fifty acres ing and privation of sleep and rest because his wife ..home in the same style. Another of chicory, he had fifty acres of German of sick children, are performed and suffered wife desired to attend the wedding of a salad, the result of a trifling mistake in by Women. The Medical Society 'in 'New friend, some distance away fro:ii her resiYork, which, on one of its festive occasions, dence; but the horses were all sick and a toasted women' in the carriage could not be had fur love or money. Rector's daughter (to, Simdayeholar) truth, if not poetry, following words, had the Carefully-wrappinher up and placing her' "Oh, you havcr an elder brother; well, how sentiment: on seat a of the high buggy, the husband old is he?" School-bo- y but "Woman" "Dunno, miss, God's best to and took his between gift man, the thills, and for place he just started o' swearin." the chief support of all the doctors." the nonce 'played horse' most successfully." -- by-and-b- y. m foot-ton- s. coin-fqrt- . self-examinati- - on. a and-eouns- elr- foot-ton- -'- i will-mak- e pre-eminen- tly lf - hs hs - as..the-Aiaiis'o- f - g . . I 