WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 124 cents a can live on an average of fifty-foweeki.....Dr. Dio Lewis has started a neivs- An American lady in Rome has a school paper...... The death of tire popular English of two hundred pupils... ...400 has been poetess, Eliza Cook, winch EngUsn papers contributed to the sufferers from the late in- - have been ehionicling of late, we are happy a mistake... ..Iris newsboys undations in Italvrbv lip LMJCordwas The combined fortunes of Horace Greeley's are to be uniformed in dark blue clothes and daughters i s estimated at $ 1 00,000 . . Trhe J scarlet cape. Queen of Holland is said to be a good SPLINTERS. nr Queen-Victoria- .... oftheGer BonapartesT3: railroad ivasroted against xouise by the people of Jasper county, .Mississippi, lest the deer should be frightened away by 1aa!xtA j.. gbeexe, Editor. Published in bait Lake Cur. Utah. Terms .mincnl iri0c tr One copy one year, $2; one copy, six months, $1. . Ten copies rates: Each square, eight prove that FlSk Shot and WOUld have Stab- for the01 price of nine. Advertising one z; per monin, nne9 ume, space, nonpareu f frnrri the 0ampbeIi & Patterson, General Agents, Dea Himself, OUt WHS Trrrmi prl East Temple street QfrtVo semi-monthl- latter by the presence of Irwin.. ....Salem, Oregon, has the measles, and prospects of a Salt Lake City. -- Address all biusiness communications to an agreeable visitant in the eye, as ii boy at Brighton, .Sacramento, can testify since last Christmas morning. .... .General Schenck and his daughter are in Pari. ...... .The il J; "S:,. Publishers Woman's Expoxext. ' Salt Lake City, Utah. '.. . About a third of a new woolen factorv y, habifs being relics oriilu'baHsinTtlie present "civilized" age, it would appear ''desires r to be rid of them lest they, too, with that other barbaric practice of plural marriage, should stain the proud escutcheon of progress Which flaunts so loftily on the breeze inscribed "Excelsebr,". TAn apostle of old strongl3r inculcattnlrchari ty as the greatest of the virtues, and a proverb of less ancieritldate Bays harity sliould begin at home. We recommend to these verj' pious people throughout the country, who are, so strongly, exeroisckt werjt lieeohdi ti piFofTJla IT, to ojen their eyes and look around them, and see what a vast field there is, within sight of their very doors, for the philanthropist, the reformer and the manor woman of real charity to labor in. And we can assure those at a (lis- tance, that the mefi in LTtah wiio make the loudest - outcry against the immorality of the : Mormoris, UARY 15, . 1 1" men in the eountry, and biily'SopililLlhcy--only use this cry as a means of stirring up pre judice to enable them to accomplish designs which it were flattery lo characterize as bas6. 1873. VTAU AND THE MORMONS. For a couple of weeks pat jve ha ve scarcely question of flogging in public schools WORK. agitated iffEnM is defended by some of the learned gentle- - SflV nhniit tTtniv. ih irnrmons nnininv: nr U i! ,i;i..ii11...... Hf!n In the design of mortal existence, whatever OI UKJpmif nxiaa m on. somft ftfllifnb for stprn. rpnrosiivn IaHsTa Jiitui us u proillOlipil on "Iree Hate. AnAmiiHM nf else might have been contemplated, we, -.- v . - "- -thc Mormons," and others advocating a more evidently were intended to work. No matter what we are, or how situated, there is no get- J . . of the leading bankers in Munich is a lady, TT, . . ting around the one inevitable fact that we must in prolonged phansaic howls ialjIf"Ave"Woulit)e"aiiytnTng TWhrrW nf PhtlnrlpinTiin I.hva .1 G noo in thev : ,,1(lu1 in and to the world. The wives of farmers, the Treasury Tho Hoin a now humor- - against die people who built up this Territory, who are believed by: some of our industrious ous Loudon naoer. will he edited hv W. H. umn lue masses, wno kuow notmng or tne to have less care and responsibilities A ladv pedestrian is said to be Mtu1 state of affairs in Utah, areled to beUeve cityladies Garrett upon them than they could possibly have preparing for a long western walk, from that the "Mormons" are a horrible people living in the city and striving to "keep up apd Long Island to Omaha.. ::GIadstoneVit ;'is whom it would be doing God's service to is about to honor journalism by late, destroy, kill off, or in someway put them pearanceswill always assert that they have more to do than they know how to manage, confering a baronetcy upon one of the pro- - out of existence, to prevent them from galling and that it seems as though no one else could prietors of the .'"Daily Telegraph. '....Gail ajsanctimonious but corrupt set of Aminidab be so pressed with work; cooking, perhaps, for at Wash- - I Sleeks,. who Hamilton is. spending the winter profess morality, yet whose hypoc "I."" a half a dozen or a dozen, with eight or ten cows nsy is glaringly exposed by the moral. to ington, wnn bpeaKer Jiiaine's lamiiy, milk, pigs and chickens to feed, churning, uarez 01 Mexico, leit a minute industrious and temperate habits of the "Latterj washing and ironing to do and the making and account oi an sums oi money receiveu Dy tlay Saints. mending of clothes for the family. Is not all jinn iroin ins eievaiion io ine I'resiuKncy Thn nnfrv ta rrs. 'XivermoreT lectures on "What as the sole remaining relic of bar this enough to keep the country woman busy? stigmatized shall we do with our daughters.'? .... ..A new barism which afflicts or Is it any marvel that she finds but little time disgraces the country. nickle coinage is to be adorned with the Oh and glorious country! unequalled for reflection or improvement of mind? But if great of late the Thaddeus Stevens........ portrait who have no fouler stain upon their she is a young wife and mother, with but one "The Ladies Sociable," is the name of a people national escutcheon than this, and it confined child, and property around her accordingly, it ... in formed society lately is the same; she will always find something, to Wyoming. Governor English, of Connecticut, gives to a few valleys in the heart of the continent! usy herself about, something that must be does that land present a S10,000 worth ofdaw books to the library of What proud spectacle done. True it is that we weary, and that pain De theNewIIaveivIkir.... is produced by toil in a majority of cases; yet . found; where no places devoted lo vice exists tnliA- snnn inrtton v tiVri litlo-ftnni we must work. The actual scholar, to acouire . - .x i. tion relative to his will has not the in its great cities or smaller towns; where civil- he vast amount of intellectual power which is appearance oi an early settlement....... ization has elevated the people until they have striven for with as quite much zeal as money The rivers in the valley of the Po, are again gained the complete mastery over every passion seekers employ in limiting after gold, must rising ana lresh inundations are threatened and appetite; and where there is nothing to labor most assiduously in discipling the .... ..Two brothers by the name of Locke, disturb the serenity of their souls but the faith one at Gould Station, near Swedesboro, the of a single and not very numerous community; mental faculties and keeping them in hourly . other at Camden, both died the same morn that faith too, inculcating the strictest nchastity, use. And it is certain that no treasure can be ing, December 22d..... The internal revenue and holding virtue as a pearl above price, while so much enjoyed as thatwhich is faireiy earned, receipts since July 1st havebeen$61,518,922. contending that plural marriages are consonant and that no good thing is earned without exer.ine Crown rrince iiumooit wras with morality, physiology, and the revealed tion; while the happiest remedy there is for the throwu from his carriage, while riding, in will of the Almighty as expressed in the Scrip sorrows and ills of life, is generous and wise em Rome, a few days since, and sustained some tures! But it may be that those who bestir ployment in which they are forgotten. slight injuries. Had he been the heir ap- themselves so actively in this matter really EXITS. parent to a royal , peasant, not a word discard every principle and practice of the patri w ould have been said about it. ..... .They called them archal of The record of the recent past bears on i ts page s "the times, age by stew cherries with much juice, in Berlin, barbarisni.'V Honor and honesty were con the names of an and make a dish called cherry-souunusually large number of dis- - 1 has published a new book, entiled "The Ex sidered 'worthy the. respect of 'all in those tinguished characters, who have retired behind barbaric times, and they are evidently but the scenes on the graud stage of mortal exist- - ! pressions of the Emotions in man and aiii- mals.'J.r.,. steamer'which recently arrived lightly regarded now. Men were temjxFrate ence. The spectacle is one in which almost a s at New' York Iliad, among its passengers, a then and lived to a good old age; now they generation of prbmirieht actors seem to have sixteen-ioo- t anaconda, a hve-fogorilla, boast, of their intemperance, and hurry to been represented as passing away, and their and a Bengal tiger Joaquin Miller has premature graves. People then were simple in histories alono remain, to remind us that "we completed his poein of 'thp "Isles of the their tastes, moderate in their habits, and easely may make our lives sublime." Eighteen hun Amazon.,,...... Three California Archbishops satisfied - Now, wealth is eagerly- - sought after dred and seventy-thre- e begins its round of noble, have issued a bill prohibiting the intermar- to minister to a thousand idle fancies, or worse exits "with:-th- at of theLouis riage of Catholics and Protestants...., ... still, to gratify appetites that revel in debauch- Napoleon, who died in exile at Chisel hurst, 5 Having successfully demonstrated that he ery. Honesty, industry, temperance and frugal England, on the morning of Thursday, 9th Inst. is-bei- ng ' Mmecturing; . fl-A-- w.r . - annhi-rumore- J """ : S - - f -- j - -- - - - s wt lik-Pl-v - -- . " , I . . . p. ; . . ot ex-empe- ror t T 1 4 9 1 i7 t 