W 0 MAN'S HOUSEHOLD HINTS. , Pickles.TIio CecuMBEtt' ed , the skins can bo removed , be fore they are sent to the table. These baked tomatoes are nice to dry, pouring the juice over them as the drying proceeds. If put away in a close jar, these can lie used to good- advantage for soups Ayhen it is not desirable to open a can; or they may be gently soaked in hot water and used as baked tomatoes. For the latter purpose, however, it is better to can them as soon as baked. Have an abundance of juico, pour some of it into the can, fill up with the hot tomatoes, then boil, the can a little while to expel the air, and seal up as you do other fruit. How to Bleach Cotton Cloth, It may sometimes become necessary or convenient to bleach a piece of cotton cloth, although as a general thing it is better to obtain white cloth already bleached. small, long those but kind are the best for pickling, ai are nicer than the " Let them be freshly gathered; pull off the blossomsj but do not rub them; pour over them a strong brine, boiling hot; cover close, and let them stand all night. The next4day put your 'hand in the jar or tub and stir gently, to remove all sand, drain on a sieve, and then dry in a cloth. Make a piqkle with the best cider vinegar, adding spice in the following proportions! To each quart of vinegar put haif an ounce of whole black pepper, the same )f ginger and allspice, and one ounce of m ustard seed. If the flavor is agreeable add four shalots, and two cloves ; half-grow- n E XPO X E N T. - full-grow- n. es-peci- ed"it"'willasterrlit)tterri"little-niacefan- d Boil the pieces in this till clear. Unripe . melons are soaked for some days in brine, cut up and freshened in cold water before Jboilipg- -i tt-rl- u m preservereqiiires watching, being very apt to mold. To . "House : how." check uiarrnea it is asserted tnat a tea made with baked nutmegs is excellent. Cough Sirup.- Two ozs. licorice root, pound raisins. 2 tablespoonfuls flaxseed (ground), and liverwort, the more the bet- fcoilin until the strength is out; then Strain and boil down to a quart; now add J pound white sugar, when the sugar is dissolved take off, and when cool add i pint good cider vine, gar. The licorice root should be split up finely, and the raisins divided.' This makes a sirup very pleasant to take, having no disagreeable taste about it. It will cure coughs, colds, soreness of the lungs, croup, and it is said to cure consumption in its first stages. To Clean Marble. Take two parts . of common soda, one part of finely powdered chalk; sift it. through a fine sieve, and mix with water; rub it welliill over the marble and the stains will disappear; then-r- ub the ma rbl g o ve r wi t bhsoa pji n dwat er. . It will be . - i-ter- T - 7 as clea ram e w. 'rT7-"-- - Baked Tomatoes make a choice ilish Select those of good size and ripe, wash, and ' bake unseasoned on a h in a hot oven for forty minutes, or untiP quite tender. They are best to bakejlhcm on the top first, and then set down to bake on the bottom and to reduce the juice. If there is danger of drying up the bottom before tho fruit is done, add water or more tomato juice. A little of the thick juice should be served with each tomato. These harmonize nicely with beans, for a dinner side dish. If desir. pic-dis- ri the Father and ever have His spirit to be , i with us to lead us into all truth. PENvNDscissoRsr Liberality consists lesi , ofolhaketw I lime. Dissolve the lime in a small quantity of boiling .water; when cold, strain it into a suflicient quantity of water to cover the cloth. This must first be boiled fifteen minutes in strong soapsuds, and rinsed well in clear water. Then put it in the lime-watfrom ten to twenty minutes, airing it well by lifting up and down. Rinse thoroughly in warm or cold water. "Rural New York. er. in giving ' pro- er ... lALxOnenrwuld bermastersDf eachotirerr and no man is lord of himself.- Without earnest convictions no great or sound literature is conceivable. Take away ambition and vanity and where will be your heroes and patriots? 1 One hundred old ladies, from the Graham Institute and Church Charity Foundation, of Brooklyn, went on a free excursion to Canaraie the other day, under the auspices - of the Fresh Air Committee. GOOD TEMPER" IN CHOOLT Every good man is not born with the gift V of speech. There devout When things go wrong in the school room and earnest Christians who can do every. through th;e misbehavior of scholars, the thin? elsehelter than to address a ml very worst possible course to be pursued by assembly. They are constitutionally timid a teacher. is toJose temper. If good man and ; there is pure good within be and cannot rule a agement kept with fair them, but they cannot coin it readily into amount to interest, and a compe current words. tent knowledge of what is being taught,you should be indifferent to her perNo may almost regard it as total unfitness for sonal girl appearance. God meant woman to be the position. Some one else with more grace attractive, anditls rone ofher duties toar-r- y ImdlnOTe out this design. But that dress is to be all place. Bad temper is of itself a sufficientj is more than we can believe. Just because disqualification in any teacher; But patient, we love to see girls look well, as well as to kindness will win love, break would urga them down prejudice, and take possession ,of hu live to some purpose, we on such a course of reading and study as man hearts. will confer qualities which no modiste can ' SELFISHNESS. . supply... cheer. Jj?in$RiyireA& Selfishness, in my opinion, is one of the fulness and good humor arjireierableP to greatest causes of all evil. If all were wil peevishness and discontent. A few of them ling to sacrifice their own private feelings are as follows: Tho former qualities make for the happiness and welfare of others, what life longer, and more enjoyable while it lasts; love and good feelings there would be, enable their possessor to find more good where now exists animosity and discontent. they in the world, and to realize a better appre- - ; "Sacrifice brings forth the blessings of Heav ciation of it all; to discriminate more readily en," is verily true If we are not willing to and clearly between right and wrong; to bear crosses and make sacrifices, how shall offer compassion Instead of contempt, char, we expect to receive blessings? than reproach, love instead of hate. To my mind, one of the noblest, most ity rather A WELL.KXOWN author once wrote a pretty beautiful things in life, is a spirit To see sisters', or wives, willing to essay on the power of education to beautify, give way in favor of each other, is heavenly. that it absolutely chiseled the features; that pair of I think tnat persons possessed of such spir- he had seen many a clumsy nose its are so near perfection, it would be quite thick lips so modified by thought awakened impossible to help loving them. But oh ! and active sentiment, as to be unrecogniz-ablerAjti- d lie put It Oilthat ground that wo how few there are possessed of that heaven-bor- n influence, comparatively speaking. so often see people, homely and unattractive v When we can learn to forget self in seeking in youth, bloom in middle life into a softto promote the happiness of others, we shall ened Indian Summer of good looks and : he on the high road to perfect peace. Bur mellow tones. , now we are so apt to have self first in out minds. If we were to show to others, t lat we had their interest at heart, we would A little girl three years old, in Provi draw their affections in spite of themselves. dence, R. I., lately fell from one of th? up y If ve could have something like the s.Vm per windows of n house, striking snmn stnnn on trrs beneath, one feeling for our brother or s'ster that a moth hp.nrl firf er has for her child, ! think itwouid oe Weil was uninjured. "Providence" has truly with us. There is no sacrifice too great for a wonderful ways are-deep-minde- slow-tongu- gome lemon peel or essence of lemon to taste. r , may be bleached as follows: To five pounds fusely than in giving judiciously. bSn you like R.3iadeJnT be tender, crisp and grcen. ,.Jf the will they colons not quite clear Enough, pour off the vinegar the next day; boil up, and pour over the cucumbers; cover perfectly tight, MeXon Puksek vies. To make ah" excel-- , lent preserve from unripe melons, the green part of watermelons and citrons, in imitation of preserved citron, .boil in alum water a tablespoon ful to about two gallonspare, cut in pieces, and lay in water for one or two days, to take out the alum taste. The pie ces should not be quite soft, but' like sweet cucumber pickle. Drain Ayell,"make a sirup of sugar a jou nd to each pound of melon- a pretty strong flavoring of ginger, as hot as may be liked, remembering that when boil ward, toward another." , How many of us, do you supp6-;e- , if vailed upon, would be wiilpg to lay down life for a friend? I fear but very few. But let us cul ti vate th is self-sacfieing spi ri t and overcome selfishness, that we may be loved of ally " n y if self-sacrifi-ce Home-bleachin- g, moreover LaptQzinjurethefabrie-mor- e pickle boils up7thT6w Hi th make them boil quiekly.as possible three or than the process in use at the factories, when manipulated, as i t always is tour minutes. Tut them in the jar with the boiled vinegar, and cover closely. When there, by skilled hands. However, cloth cold, pu mother to make. pur blessed Saviour died for all. He had no favorite, we were nil the same to Him. What an example of love and was this! And lie says, "If ye love me, keep my commandments; . this is ray commandment, that ye love one another as I have loved you. Greater love hath no man thaht his, that man lay down his life for his friends. By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples,irye ha ve love bile: ed of-pow- er L good-temper- ed , ; : self-sacrifici- ng - . two-stor- 