103 -- r V loss of voice. Do not sing in a place either ing a bill for a school law, to be presented to too cold or too warm., so as to lose the proper our Legislature. This committee has d its task by drafting a bill providing proportion of warmth between tho breath and exhaled. inhaled A singer must be for all the details of a perfect school organimore moderate than anybody else iii bating zation; and supervision throughout the Terand drinking, for the sake of the preserva: ritory, .with due consideration of the ; cirtiorfdf li is voice V. and ;this pteeiqus t reasu re cumstances of our people. It is impossible, is well wortli siich a privation. (Pliisr i3 in the limited spaco of. this card, to give particularly applicable to tenor, soprano and more than a few of . the leading ideas of this alto voices; the base is not so delicate. bill, for the information of the citizens. : r The whole Territory is to bo organized into three school districts," correspond ing PUBLIC SCIIOOLS. with the already existing judicial districts. For each of these districts tho legislature An Appeal. is to elect two members, which six members, To Vie People of Vie Territory of Utah,' con- with three others at large, similarly elected, cerning a Petition to the nex t Legislature to are to constitute a Board of Education. pass aJaw providing for a better organ ization Thi3 Board is to have control of all educaand Buperyteionof,miiiPuhliQc7iQQl tional matters, not otherwise provided for. Fellow Citizens: The undersigned It is to elect a Territorial superintendent, Oommitee appointed sxt Ithejast session: of who shall be its executive "officer," ancLavho shall devote his i entire time to his duties. thjeerritoriaiea His salary is to be fixed by the Board. The levejtoallou Petition to our next Legislature. The Teach- members t of theBoardretQ: receive no MISCELLANEOUS. acom-plishe- 1 Alittlglrl was asked what was the meaning of the word happy. Sho gave a pretty answer, saying, "It is to feel as if you wanted to give all your things to your, little sister." r . Freedom fs indeed not doing as we like, not everybody followiug his oMierown way (even if that were possible), but plus a control or command of our ''self-control- ." .. - . : iiicyoLEforay 1 " - - ' ' ' " A CARD. ; , self-relianc- e, ex-celieiic- e'to God bless the cheerful people or child ; old or young, i 1 it erato j6r J ed ucated t handsome or homely. Over and above every other social trait, stands cheerfulness. What the sun is to nature, what God is to the stricken heart that knows how to lean upon Him, are eheerful persons in tho house and by the wayside. They go unobtrusively unconsciously, about their silent mission, brightening up society around them. We love to sit near them; the expression of their eye, the tone of their voice 1 is an inspiration. 1 1 5 : f ;Jy:;:-';- y-- ; I ? :. Tbainino Girls. Trainihg girls for household duties ough to be considered as necessary as instruction in reading, writing and arithProvisions are made for the establishment metic, and quite as universal. We are in pur of a Normal School; for building of school houses1 more than half of our existence, and it houses; for obtaining school 'furniture; for is the household surroundings which aflect most rates of tuition ; for teacher's salaries ; for the happiness or miscryf of domestic, the education of poor children for methods largely house," life.; If the wife knows how" to of instruction; for teachers' institutes; etc. if she understands how to !'set a"keep table,'! if she It provides for the Territorial school funds has learned how things ought to be cooked, how of the' liquor tax, all by claiming one-ha- lf beds' should be made, how carpets should be fines for drunkenness and disorder, the profits from7 sales of estrays, the revenue from swept, how the furniture should be dusted, how the should be repaired, and turned corporations for valuable franchises allowed and clothingand renovated; if she knowa how altered, them, all property that shall escheat to the to the best ad van tage, Territory, arid one mill of all taxable pro purchases can be made of provisions, perty throughout the Territory; " This to gcr and understands4ho-laying-i- n for the salaries of the officers, and current ho w to make them go farthest and last longest; of system, incidental expenses; and the remainder to if she appreciates the importance r r be apportioned to the subdistricts.' order, tidiness, and the quiet management of ; The county funds shall , consist of .one-four- children and servants, then she knows bow to of one per cent, of the taxable pro make a little heaven of home; how to win her perty, out of which to pay the county school" children from the street; how to keep her huse, the 'gaming-tabl- e band from the superinienuem, iue feiuuinuui. iu uo I Such a to the subdistricts of the respective and the wine-cufamily will be train of for ;the purpose edTto social: respectability, to business success, county school districts, and fuel for and and to eclency and usefulness In whatever1 repairing schoolhouses, ' other be allotted to them. contingent expenses. may position " Each subdistrict can assc33 itself, by a, two-thir- d It may be safe fco say,' that not one girl In ten vote, not to exceed 3 per cent, for the In our large towns and cities enters married ;ii purpose of erecting school houses. life, who has learned to bake, a loaf of bread, to thie of ideas the somo of are leading r, These a roast, to dust a paintirig, to sweep a purchase fellow-citizen- s can and out proposed bill, carpet, "or to cut, and- fitr and, make her own (rasilyperceive-from-them-tha-spiritLii71fes.6w7mucli the perfect knowledge of whole. of the y lurport these things bears upon the, thrift, the comfort, ; rue rerriioriai xeucnurs iwawianuu ua i.uw ifnrn iWf VfoTlii.' fpollnd ' and the licaltli of families, may ue conjeciureu, LnMont-- . of bavin- - done 'its i dutv.' and but not calculated by figures,; .It would be an fruidance of an over--1 immeasurable advantage to make a beginning ih'a MtiH iVo " fn the O tVU t inar Providence. by attaching a kitcheii to every girls' school in In belialf of the Territorial Teachers' Asso- the nation, and have lessons given dally in the . -- t . , c th , ned a-tio- ' ' e. Girls who are properly educated, jjsdio are who early taught the lessons of have placed before them a high standard of attain, will never stoop to be mere dolls for the display of tl latestTfashionsftthe butterflies of life, gaudy, but worthless, but will become sober, earnest women, who are fitted to work out the high mission intrusted to them. salary; . I Whereas, Your petitioners, realizing the inefficiency ofthe condition of our educational affairs, although fully aware that the circumstances of the people of this Territory, for the time past, scarcely enabled them to do more than they have done towards schooling the rising generation, and, V Whereas out rapidly increasing population finds itself placed in nevr conditions, which demand not only particular talent and make-th- e general education of 'abiHtyf the masses a matter of the utmost necesity; i:ziTnEREFOREpva to pass, during the. present session of the Legislature, a school Law, which, taking into consideration- - the circumstances; and financial abilities of the people shall ueet "their just expectation,: by securing to them a more efficient organization and supervision fthe public schools of our Territory. sub- 33 Eacli county constitutes a county school district, controlled by a "board of five trustees, elected by the people; i t elect a county superintendent, nominated by the Territorial Superintendent, who also has to devote his whole time to his duties. It lias to subdivide the county district into : subschool districts, and nominate, for each subdistrict, a local director as agent for the board. There are also independent school districts, consisting of all. towns and cities ,of 5.000, or more, inhabitants; they; aref parCommittee on Petitions. allel tothe countyischool districts. The Territorial Board of. Education elects Karl O. Maeser, Chairman. a board of examination . for, the Territory, To the Honorable, the Legislative Assembly pf and the boards, for their respective county ' the Territory of Utah. ' counties. '. . . ol, ject, gives '"freedom 'but a person who ha3 no control over any subject, or right U30 of any Nighin-galfaculties, cannot have frecdom.--Mi- -- ers of the Territory would be lacking a due - appreciation of their duties,if they neglected to assume the initiative in this matter, inas- 7inuch as th e people have a right to expect f that: they, to whom are intrusted in a great - measure the educational interests of the Territory, will attend to the proper development of this department under the sanction of the people. We therefore ask the signature of every citizen throughout the Territory, who wishes our educational affairs to be raised to a status adequate to tho spirit, interest and destiny of our people, t Self-contr- club-hous- p. To tho People, of Utah Territory Tha Territorial Teachers' Association, at its last session, appointed a committe for the purpose of drafting a petition to our Legislature for tho" passage of a school law which might secure to the citizens of the Territory a better organization and supervision of our common schools, the inefficiency or tne present 'system haying become obvious to everybody. The committee appointed for the , purpose is now about to circulate this' petition among the people, and : has prefixed an appeal to all citizens above-name- d :. , - I - nd iuj ..throughout the Territory to givo weight and countenance to this petition by their signatures... Inasmuch, as many inquiries have :lL U KARii G. Maeseb; ": been made, concerning the nature of pur ciation; propositions, this public explanation has been deemed necessary.- - MIm Vauirhan, the authoress, The Territorial Teachers' Association forein 2ew seeing' this appointed, during its last spring has made 'her debut as an actres3 session, a committe for the purpose of draft- - York.T:7 . " " - . - articles of food preparationof all the ordinary and-hoto purchase and drink for the table, them In the'market to the best advantage, with the result of a large saving of money, an in- crease of comfort, arid higher health in every family in tne lanu. nan s journal. i i 