M. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ... ... A X CROSSING THE ATL ANTIC. prosVe.rous condition; we have given to the poor $14; donated rb the meeting house $38r : for public expenses $1G; have a $20 share in th Editor Woman's Exponent Store and. $70 in the but the We are a little band of sisters here, WISllltO treasury.. W6 dO-llUiMiffli fimnnff Elizabeth Willie, President. be the last in any good word or work. Wansiiip, Summit co., : December 10th, 1872. : Written fit sea by Win Eliza B. Snow, Dedicated .to We're 6n"the "Minnesota' " , A ship of "Guion Line," J "Which boasts her Caotain Morgan, The gen'rou9 staunch and kind. " I, . Co-operati- -- tlift-loflsh ve Ot Although but few in number we feel united onVi v mnst in nnr endeavors to do all the UiiV4 m " irood we can, both by precept and example, as well as in relieving the needy ana com- forting the distressed. At our last meeting At a re five new members were voted in. cent meeting it wasvQted unanimously to drop the word "Female" from tJie name ot the Society, in accordance with the expressed wishes of Sister E. R. Snow. We value your paper highly and hope it will continue to vindicate tne cause or "Woman's Rights" in tne the word and we wish you prosperity xind i; J happiness in your enterprise. Mrs. Mary Reynolds President. Jane Baker it- , Amid the heaving waters That form the liquid plain; With four and twenty draft feet The steamer ploughs the main. ... I'm gazing on the ocean, As on the deck I stand, And feel the cooling breeze0, With which the sails a- fanned. -e By sunlight, star and moonlight, And tranquil evening shade, The ever varying featu es - Of ocean I've surveyed timea wilh restless" motion,'- -' As if her spirit grrercs 'Astho' her breast were paining, Her mighty bosom heaves. "At And then vast undulations, L;ke rolling prairies spriad; With wave on wave. dissolving, g iread. With tumbling, T da-h'n- Upon the deep, dark billow?, Broad, foaming, white caps rise; And sprays in dazzling beauty, Shoot upward to the. skies. Sarah S. Richards 1 Ann Brizzee Counselors, r ' But hark! The Captain orders The furling every sail; Storm-clouand lieadwinuls rising Portend a coming gale, . ds Anon all Neptune's furica Are on the steamer's path; We mount the deck to witness The ocean in its wrath. - ". The scene ! What pen can write il? What pencil's art could show The wild, terrific grandeur Which reigns around us now? The waving, surging waters, Like battle arnto. clash; Tumultuous wave upheaving With foaming fury dah. , Tho steamer mounts the billows, Then dips the space below; And bravely presses onward Tho' reeling to and fro We're sailing on the oc an W'th wind and ssil and steam; irnin' W h ere views of ' Are ki the poet's dieum. Editor Woman's Exponent: The Relief Society of this place, was organized on the 7th day of June, 185l), under the supervision of Bishop Abraham Hatch. The following named ladies Were chosen as officers : Mrs. Margaret Muir president: Mrs Ann Murdock and Mrs. Mary McMil- len Counselors; Mrs. Ann Harvey Secretary a nd Mrs. Em ily Harvey Treasurer. At a meeting held the 7th of November 1872. presided over by j?esjdehtMrs. Mar garet Muir, a unanimous vote was taken .to. onrit; hereafter,' the Inappropriate word -- R ici i ar ds, . Secretary. - Confiding in Iljs care. Directed by. His wisdom. There's safety everywhere. F. R. SOCIETY REPORTS. Epiiraim City, Dec. 10th, 1872. Co-operati- ve, December . 12 th, 1872. Editor Woman's Exponent: Our Society was organized the 4th of Juno 1808, and since that time has disbursed nearly $400 for the benefit of the poor, besides donating liberally .for the building of a Temple in St. Ueorge" and other laudable We have $50 in the Washundertakings. ington Woolen Factory ; $50 in our Store and $50 in the The jsisters with their President Iis. Rachel Whlttaker, and Iter Counselors Mrs. Annabella Haight and 3Irs. Jane Birkbeck all feel well and willing to assist in everything that is required of them to do good. At a late meeting, it was moved and unanimously carried that the word "Female!' be dropped- from the name of the Society; Ellen Li'NT, Secretary. . - Co-o- p. -- " " . son.; . r erd - ve Presid e'nt'rrlrMrrBIn ghanrprcsid etlrrA P ter singing and prayer, the following named sisters were chosen and unanimously susoffices: Mrs. tained to fill the under-name- d A. Child Secreta ry ; Mrs. Dye, Hannah and sisters Jennette Mitchell, Treasurer; Martha A. Fife, Mary M t!hild, Catharine Dell Straton-f- or HenchlifiMary Stimpson-an- d Visiting Committee. Meeting adjourned, prayer by Mrs. Stimp" Editor Woman 'j5 Exponent:-- At our last monthly meeting by common consent, in compliance with Sister Show's suggestion, the word "Female5' was dropped from the name of our Society. We Iiad an excellent meeting, which indeed we always do have; our President, Sister S. A. Peter' son urged the subject of .education very ; c Mendon, Cache Co., of the minds the sisters. She December 8th, 1872. strongly upon. also gave much good instruction upon the Editor Woman's Exponent: Word of Wisdom. The Ladies' Hall, a very I forward a brief report to you of our last build nice two story rock ing, is ready for meeting, held on tho oth inst. at which the shingles; the lower story will be used a vote'wasjaken to omit the word "Female' ; for a Store.-- ., froih tlie name of the Society,; as suggested, which was unanimous. Our Society is in a Agness S. Armstrong, Secretary. Co-operati- -- ' ' Subservient to n is counsel Wasatch Co., December loth. 1872; 'Female" in eonneetita Susan the Society The sisters bore testimony 'id: the truth of the principles of the Gospel . : . 1872. Dec. Gth, with which we are associated, and Father Logan, Editor Woman's Exponent: Thomson, being present, gave us some imin the At our monthly meeting, held hall, pressive remarks relati veio tithing. MeetNovember 4th, the word "remaie" was ing adjourned for one month and closed with : dropped from the name of our Society by a singing and prayer. unanimous vote, according to the suggestion Ellen Lee, President made bv Sister E. R. Snow. ' Melissa Re YNOLDSr to U3 good many MrsrMaughanimparted instructions which she had received from . Riverdale Weber Co., '" interest our Sister Snow, making meeting December 1G, 1872. are as Our as beneficial. well meetings ing Editor Exponent: not largely attended but there are ai ways President F. D. Richards and Bishop L. J. some from each ward, - so that reports are Herrick held a meeting at this place on the 5th made of the condition of the poor and none inst. The school house was well filled and, are allowed to suffer for the necessaries of amongother instructions, President Richards life. Some of the wards hold their sewing recommended the organization of a Relief meetings regularly. We have not much Society at Riverdale. And calling for an means on hand, as we always manage to dis- expression of the feelings of the congrega tribute our quils and other articles as last tion upon the subject, a unanimous vote was as we get them made." We have one hun east in favor of a branch Society being dred dollars in the Store the organized. The following named sisters interest of which helps- us a little. At our were then cnoseii and ordained to fill the last monthly meeting, (the 2nd inst.) the first offices belonging to the Society; Mrs. sisters expressed their determination to Martha Bingham. President ; Mrs. Ednah renew their diligence. ... . Stimpson and Mrs. Nancy Bybee Counselors. for wishes the success of As the day was far spent it was decided Accept my good your interesting paper, which ! think is that the sisters meet on the following highly prized by many of our Society. Wednesday, to complete the organization. L. B. Benson, Secretary. Accordingly, a meeting was held on Wednesday December 11th, 1872, at which, S. tt-rr- a The God who made the water- sW ho made the solid lands, Is our our Great Protector; JjUur.life.is in Hi3 handsl ;;, Heber' City, . ' 'Tis now a plain, smooth surface, As tho' in cozy sleep, ' Were wrapped each wave and billow Upon the b r i ny d eep,...- - Secretary. II. Ii. Child Secretary. , The subject of Physiology was continued at the General Retrenchment meeting, held" in the 14 Ward, on Saturday, December 21st 1872, President Mrs. I. Horn being unvoid- ably absent, the meeting was presided 'over by Counselor Mrs. Z. D. Young, who, after the usual ceremonies, made a few very appro priate remarks, followed by Mrs. Margaret P. Young, Counselor Mrs. Woodi'iilland others: Mrs. W. East, believed that, in, as, much as tne wives and daughters oiJJtne banns had not hitherto been permitted to learn the nature of the human system and to study the laws that govern the same, on account of the labors and duties which they have been obliged to perform, in connection with the brethren, for the sustenance of their mm a i tm 