.... :.,,J, . . 7 '.,-- ... . - T1 "j ; ... ' - ir !; Wr"" t mi Tin-- -- ' ' mil mm i' - iniinrr-- iMMMiiiwiiWii W O 31 A N S 30 ' 1: T X , " - : z" ii ' ttl V - P O N 1: N T, a t-- - f. Pliif. IV - ' r. f fWMIt:,Ajbii.tzr.JK!Jgga' " Titbit.' ': niM.j:, x ,? 7 ' j .ir.--iJuiM- ' - ' i t - " i i - , - 1 .r' )JO . p I J - i ' ' .. ' III i .' .. i r : l s... : " ANTHONY'S AltHEST. QALDKli &: ('A1!KLKn, A PICTl'RE FOP. CONTEM l'LATIOX. 'So. :i7, T:ut Temple Stm-t- Salt Lftko City. Miss " World thus reports Tliort i a rrtnvini? ovil. subjoct Jiuitter of The New York r Arion l'iann, Maon & Hamlin Orphn voting and Jier Agi nts tor vital inijrtaiiiAv ileinainlin .the serious Anthony's account . fliul Wil.-oSlmttle Sowinpr Mft(lino. t.; cntisidemtioni (loop reflection and iirm re-- beinsr arrested therefor: took the stand and then 3Iiss more Anthony aiul u tion anil guard kuvs jVir. gavcUan-iieeouofher persecution and All kind4 of fusio and Fancy Gxxl.J especially those Avli) are still more interested for casting a vote - Tlio jilace prosecution: in bur Territory, ;aml city pftiesTxjstin for dropping that rYOUIl HOLIES. tiourishinr unnoticed, iinexposeil, but fall- - flf wli ioirslie registered or jUItiSISI fashion the was after overwhelming precious bit of paper "ing'xUh;erus h woui, munt issterlrreirieva rui.i, on a class of an Kfgnt iivenuer pollingShe I would adviso the Ladies who want to buy fint some had sharp the into shon bargain. in persons who in every civilized country, in m u v & ParlorTandTBed-roou- i argU 111 e I lis iAffirintwl the world enlist thsyjnpalhXtf iftsftniiiturertorTai ;and and nt the registry, 4,n .(ivnno disenterested protection of honorable men Mi registry-woul- d examiner the immense stock kepi by " I allude to oiiryou ng women and ,the sinis- - being led to suppose that her a liqld on ter manner in which c aeefta ih class tif be ignored, she proposed to luive went to a H. DINVOOPEY, j, adventurers now:iu onir;iiudst retail ; their the inspectors, and straight ivay; a J 'ram- for counsel. She fouiuUiot lawver yesfifeimisrpmm but a lavyer!of the: old, ears. ISow, marriage in tne, abstract avis" of his kind, At No. 31, East Temple Street, and iio.75Fiwt "is hoiiorable fn all," : hilt what language old soft He sa id , "Why, Hiss Anthony, can be tooseyere In reproiijiting.tlie conduct, yoii;sliow Uiai ydu know nothing at all o(- South Street ' lawi ' Y'ou should pay down a rounu reiamof 'thosc MISS SVSAX - II. , -- -- of-he- ol of-pare- Lock-Stitc- h n nts. nt f ? I - 1 f r , ( unscrupulous uimianly practices excrescences of humanity, ; in seducing Tyoungand guileless girtsrmto most triisera- bleconditioiisuiider ialse .iretehces? r57t "lias becom era n eve ry ilSy ,: wcu rre nc for. ng J MSM h efonnoii man f tjva j : i 'gold and si Ivcr mines,, "Government Bonds," money' i n the 13ank o f E ngland1 "Ships on the ocean;" "Carriage and six liorses in the stable," and all corresjwnding nee ri l precisely Avllhithe no vcl just read Don 'Tliihiblebug or y General Fitzgerald t of-P- frphimbl er) j- f fnlfeeTan AV ALL ACE women - registereil in the. Eight Ward of the city t)f Rochester ancyyjtheir example HathebetrlaTgondPTesH Hftyothers Ave re tetelFto register In other uunary m oait JtKeaty. - Just, the lacefbrjadies wards, though only fourteen out af u whole votell.wWlie iopumhasoL -- -- leafMoHMultfthejW of possessing: immense wealth; no difficulty in jetting tlieir ballots through said : OIiss The i senhiUons f i - CV the broken pane. nspector aro challenged; are you ready Anthony, you to swear r1 Yes," saiu iy anu 1 iorgot jiiy Quakerism and kissed7 the BibIa "lo 3ou IWoarZ fditMdsMtijM (theperSmaaem Theti they M. I. Uetail Dry CJoods Dctahtment.1 4 IZJ3 ?!!lelprlOMrl male Tp meet, th e d eraand of an increasin g-- bniin ess Twe" , adb mo swear that; I ritiJ ttti had neither bribed tidriaken a bribe in )this have added an essential! addition to our r election; of course I swore that. There RLE T A I was $1,500 floatirig around that day, but no It O O M, : man was challenged, no man sworn. The Quaker lady, Mrs.rl)e Garmo, who followed, wherein the most economical buyer can be euiled. was also challenged. She refused to swear, saying, I will not swear, but I will tell the It ia our highest ambition to suit our various Tisitants fi gie talls;ineasjvuriconscious, citizen). - ; confiding vie tjrn Into his'jjowcr. She being virtuous, to enalle him i to accomplish his nefarious designs, the 'marriage ceremony ' must be performed. ,;' Cash is often borrowed or stolen to meet the expenses of the occasion; and after the "Honey Moon'Ms over, iScwcrally1 risingmid setting beneath the parental roof of the ydung bride,) there are not" enough Aintli oh' hand to enable him r to purchase a cominbn Jcitchen table. 'The chagrined parents arid disappointed daughter have to make the best of a "Wl kirgain." 'He's your : husband," "I'm his wife," 1 settles the question with" them for the time being, for marriage is marriage in all com- ; munities. ' Means are by the for cou parerits temjHirary veuience, i room "fitted up" in the old' homestead, and this farce in bogus "high life" ends in the picture a huskind lodger. The "mine fails," thef "ships are lost," JheST London:. Bank I'don't lth4 f ' liei:-:wrl e, the lage and horses are "sold' ' to purchase a share in a newly discovered to bo second to the filmed "Emma" mine, : . ' ' . - 1 t ; ; ''.yf ; con-tempti- ble -- 0I iLbuggyanbohireiLfo at the expense of the "old folks." "Without visible" or invisible meanes of support, loafing in the saloon; at Gmlbe's corner, or in Clinton's court waiting for. something - to "turn up;" returning to his urireplenisli6d tpiarters as night approaches, he adds false-hoo- d to falsehood ' to satisfy h is expectant wife and quiet her fears Aud where does this detestable course of deception1 termi- ' nate? In much unhappine.ss, final abandon- ment misembledivorcementr-l'arents-a- nd maidens of Israel, reflect upon this matter; at best, "How can two - except they lo'agreMl.M : walk together ! Tike City, May 31st IS73. PRUiEX.Cfi.' rAr c'L'Klol'H of iraniient trimmed with a band of every imaginable-color- , and IodtheLouH Xiir i,now worn hv rs ladios in " S Park A " rr.f; . vt, . miuiiif I 'I1 . df. :. llliuuil JJ ill doubt- - party vOtdd, and not an' insulttng word' was spoken. , It wai said that arrests 'would be made, but 'days passed arid none were made. I began1 to get afraid they would notf arrest me. But .finally Comriiissioncr Storrs, whose ofticerls in1 thelAjcade me to call at his bfficei1 ' I sent word to him that I had no social acquaintance with him and did n' t w isii to call ori him, 4 If he wanted to sqc 'me on ofiiciaV busiriess le must come and see ine. Then a young man iira "beavet hat and kiiP glovepaid for by taxes gathered from w;omeri) camO to see me Ife saidbwn.!He said it ; was pleasant Weather. "fEIc heiriWiari(J liawr Mr. Storrs wanted to see ine at the A rcade. "To Urrest you;" I'What for?" I asked. said lie." "Is that the; way you' arrest men?" "Isa" Then 1 rdemandedhWIhouldbe arrested properly. 7 Sly sister desirin'g:tp'go with me,v he proposed that he should go ahead and I follow with her; ' This I and. Jjurchasera, anil to display" our varied I fabrici ! regardless of purchase.- - - r m 4i ; ;.i , This department aims to suit the demands of all whether in '4 - ; .1 DOMESTIC Ofc FANCY DRESS GOfrDS; : ! either by the yard or piece.' ' ! H. B. CLAWSON, Supt. . A HOUSEHOLD " TREASURE; ; J . t. 1 I v ' : Every, Family should have a Washing Machine nd there is none Wtterif as goodwe'-trutAilIy nd earnestly consider having had experience In Working and taken pains in observing several kinds, as the Telegraph Washing MIchimx' which is kmanulactured' in this city, and "sold "byOwrgiTGod" to pay fare. iard; to whom all orders concernihg .it should be car he took out his pocket-boo- k ; "P. 0.' Box 474, Salt Lake City.! amU:. I asked; him If lie did that in his oHicial addressed, ' We take in recommending, this Machine said was capacity.4 He obliged to to the ladiespleasure yes; he and advise' them to prove its of Utah, pay the fare 01 any criminal he arrested. superiority" by urchasin'g and using itl : " h ! ! 1 Well that was Hlie hrst 'cent's worth I 'ever vilie(l ore look-i- ug ....Tiie widow of Jfon. , IcTiabod lyashhurn, of Worcester MassacliuseCfs,' haa recently given; to Wash burn College, at, Tbpekh, jCaiisaSyTOO . inVudditibn to a previous large benefaction of heri jato husband.' Miss Susan Wll is : of Baston ha. gi ven ;. vy': :yviolated $10,000 to CarltonCollege in iIinnesota, :to free its neW hairfrom debt.; Sheji: a rota31 us. Florence Knox has been engaged to tive of Ir. William i Carlton for i whom the institution is -- named, and has often salary of $2,n00 per annumV ' She isa Michi- - before iven substantial evidence jof7 her: interest in it. ';:c.l; ..v, j ;lJ officer of the; law cannot (be iiiiagliHMl than ;he. ' And ;.Mr.; Cbmhiissioner Storrs was not less out of.liis read, the sectipn of "the1 Constitution ' uVQii which she X" ar'Migned for illegal voting, and argued that she had not even eIenieiiL4-3Iisslj.h--tho- if ny . ; t -- : 'iTi - : fi .. , 