FACTS AND FIGURES. anything low and mean, is a most en- - on the Sabbath. Then don't exert yourself obling virtue; but follow it beyond the verge too much for the sake of getting the washing of moderation, and it degenerates into done by some particular hour. I know ,--to A orani central depot is to be built in -- haughtiness and eveli vanity, r; Love, that heavenly radiance which glori lies the meanest surroundings, lifts the weakest . of mortals to a level with the angels, nerves the most timid to do and dare where the bravest might shrink, and., like the rdiftIeTTea'eirwlTicirieavens the whole, purifies and sanctifies hearts which nothing else could reclaim, is a name sorely misap plied. Alas, that it should be so I but many, by giving unrestrained liberty to all th emotions which i t awakens in their peculiar natures, and pursuing the? object with'hcacl long speed, miss it altogether and grasp instead-pa-ssi- on : .that- adder tosting-th- e heart that warms it. Hate when kept within duo bounds and directed against sin, but not sinners, may be a faithful pilot to warn us of moral rocks and shoals: but once give it command of the bark of life, and prej udice, obstinacy and revenge are soon placed in high positions, and the wages they award are misery' . and " -- - v ruin.- - v - We are even told that "Fobeamnce ceases f to be a virtue' ' at ti mes. r And ambition, when directed m proper channels and pointed to a noble aim, sustains the human heart through many and bitter leverses, strengthens hope and patience, i rouses the latelitenergiecorzthersourtnd - nerve34t to brave4mttlewitlrdimcultyj- but JXmustJ)esubjeded to anee or ill degenerate into a base greed of power or notoriety, and, like a consuming flame, devour every gentle impulse, kindness, mercj7 lover and even justice; "grasping all advantages without remorse or shame. Without the aid of. temperance, the soft and gentle attributes of the soul would lead it-w- us to drivelingjmb EIowurgcntrthen, the nccessity-fo- r cultivating temperance in all things, physical, mental and moral; that just discrimination between right aiid wrong, which shall -- lead us onward and upward, temperately, moderately, steadily, until we conquer all weaknesses of the flesh and mortality and "sovriFthe pefection. L. L. D. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. WHY WASH MONDAY" ' "thibk's ne'er a bit of comfort took Upon the washing day" Has been verified in. thousands of homes Where steam, suds, confusion, a "picked up" dinner and cross looks, if not words, are alwayi the accompaniements of that dreaded as Monday. But why do you select Monday the washing day? If you have no better reason than because your grandmother as sensible for always did, it would Imj about the with grist in your husband to go to mill one end of the bag and a stone in the other, to balance, because that was his grandfather's and do no way If you keep the Sabbath work on that day that can be dispensed with, than you will find more to do on Monday week. Then the any other day of thevanished and needs Saturday's baking has to be renewed, and there are always little to washing things to be done preparatory garments to be finished or mended and clothes to be put to soak. day for Tuesday is a much more covenient bo rendered washing, and the work will the previous lighter by the preparations of not to be made which ought day-preparat- ions ' ' -- ; 4 . ( -- r foMedin-the-mor- nin Senator Patterson has been offered the ironing in the afternoon, and have finished to bed that Monday's performances by going Presidency of the Ohio Agricultural College. and stay ing there the rest of the week sick, S N Francisco hasmade in done cannot the If you washing get hides into fine boots. time to have the clothes dried the same day, - "Zion's the its fiftieth Herald," of Boston, has celebrated leave them in the rinsing-water-ti-ll y" birthday. iu?xtrif:3urwashingst take two days for it, anything rather than The present is the worst hunting season so. filled: with hard England has known for years. have the washing-da- y Some 500 horses have been clipped by work and confusion for which the clean clothes it produces are no compensation, nor machinery in Boston this Winter. house-wif- o for the severo . The number of emigrants who left Liverto the tired-ou- t " " ed day.tr pool for America in 1872 was 104,000, labors of tha t ever . Moore's "Rural ew Yo MR;iPodle,r:the;iamous Londoii tailor, is isiSi(iJPoliolakG. Persons inhabit about to retire from business witlfSJiOJHC. ing rooms, the walls of whicliarejxoyred de Pcrinot has left 20,000 francs to with paper colored with Scheie's green, or the French Academy to found a prize for in which are kept objects of natural history astronomical researches. " arsenical with: ipreparationsare preserved run Indiana alike liable to suffer from poisoning. Arsen-iou- s saurlkraut factories on gases arc developed by the reaction of that cheese factories are theimjop2ineide conducted. arseniouslicld upon the organic compound with which it comes in contact, and the air Over thirty brave and sensible girls in the of Portland have resolved to and dust of the room become dangerously discard overskirts, laces jewelry, and other . charged with poisonous matter. arueies oi urcss wimu uiieuuui A cheap disinfectant. The following expensive school. is highly commended by those who nave Connected with Mr. Spurgeon's (Sunday used it: Dissolve a bushel of. salt in a barrel n London, is a Bi bie school taught of water, and with the salt water siacjc a ,i enrolls which nine Lavinia llarkness, barrel of lime, which should be wet enough Tfias an average attendto form a kind of paste. For the purpose of hundred women, and chloride of ance of over five hundred. a disinfectant, this home-mad- e Mas. General Sanderson, ,pX Washington f lime is nearly as good as that purchased at U se stores. it freely Ohio, owns a box, said to liave been brought the; shops and drug aboutsinksr cellars, gutters, and outhouses, to America by Cortez, when became to conand in this way prevent sickness, suffering, quer Mexico. It is inlaid with ivory, and its age is thought to bo about four .hiin-- . and expense. ;' :-- - . to-be-dr- ead farmers-band-together-a- nd -- - to recklessness, ruin, aspiring sentiments ' torment. which is whereof I speak; for liavenjt I arisen While Boston. ; it was yet night, just late enough' to escape St. Louis erected 1,500 new buildings ' : ; the sin of the good deacon's wife j who last year. washed on Sunday,-an- d accomplished the Tin: Elaine Agricultural .College has 71 ' before washing breakt sustainecrthrougli students. the! unaccustomed hours of labor, and for the The newT chapel for Yale College is to cost loss of sleep, by the thought that my long $100,000. line, of snowy clothes would excite the envy and admiration of my neighbors when they I Brazie is the best customer - for , Newfirst looked out in the morning. Then be- foundland codfish. The ice crop on the Hudson will reach cause the clothes were dried, spinkled, and high-school ... t-Ia-ss hy-Mrs. -- drcxLycars lime and litharge equal parts, mixed to a Fisk University, the colored educational thin paste with water, will color buf-f- institution at Nashville, Tenn., has profited several coats will make it a dark brown; by so.largely by its band of "Jubilee singers," Isorth, adding a little ammonia and nitrate of silver who have been traveling through the i ild bu .a fine erect JtAvill that ng froiu- college fineblaekisproauc " will impart a "tan color" to wool, and the red the proceeds. TintfA is deepened bvsponcriner with a solu A GERJfAn Countess, who is an earnest f fnn nf lime and . water, using a strong Catholic, has ina'de a cu rious vow, to presen t solution of alum water to "set" the colors; 1 to the Pope every year a purse of gold coin part crystallized nitrate silver, 8 parts car- and a baptized Jew. The first of these bonate ammonia, and If parts of soft water offerings was made a short time since, the dyes brown; every additional cant darkens Jew being made a member of the church at V. the color until a black is obtained. Basilica, .with imposing ceremonies. : , Lemon TWisTS.Take a pound of flour, SouTn African paiers tell of a farm of half a pound of butter and twelve ounces of 240,000 acres, on which is a flock of 10,000 4a sheep besido? 10,OOO2ngora -- goats whiclrloaf sugar,-wtt- h enough essence flavor and a teaspoonfull sal volatile; pour are said to be for nlore profitable theo, than in beaten, eggs arid sufficient milk to moisten sheep, and there is a promise of a rapid the paste; roll it out, cut it into strips, plait extension of these flocks. The Angora goat them together in threes, brush the outside wool, as produced there, is much finer than with milk, strew beaten sugar upon the top3 that of the sheep. and bake the twists upon buttered tins about France not only lost provinces, armies, twenty minutes. Grated lemon peel and and an immense sum of money through the juice may be substituted for the essence. late war with North Germany, but by the session of Metz she lost a, military library, is not tlie equal left in the Bret Harte, according to the Chicago Of which there institution con Journal, was arrested in Boston for an un Republic, This celebrated tained 40,000 printed volumns, many oi paid tailor's bill. numer- - ; "Mrs. Samuel Colt makes $'800,000 a year which were extremely rare, besides w,v bv the sale of revolvers. She supplies the ous manuscripts ana umwiugs, character.. a of were which precious highly New York markets liberally. ,: of-lem- on 7 -- - 