W O M A Is 86 7-- ; i. Fpeak for me, vind of Autumn, Blowing oyer th moorland, Orer the crfsted billowe, Over the mountain pumniit?, Oyer the forest branches,- At)d chimnej s of the towcT Speak for me, melancholy wind, And say to suffering humnn kindj" The I opful tbir gs that I might tell, Hnd I a v ice to fall 'and swt-il- . Likt) thne, upon the land and fca, Ab and as free. , -- ; " II. in Breathe cently the cotfajre,'! Murmur tbrtugh door and keyhole, Or pipe in the x ty inelv -;:, heTiu(rdP l???n The poor man dreams of Fortune, I urns his low Or "..?..:.? An4 tell him. ere he goes o rest. eet-- Of all Eirtb's blessings. Love U best That honea bead Hrengtb and health Are betterlhfcPA Prjpce wealth.?'"'.,.?? ...... And g od men's leep a ri berbooh lLold moon. the beneath': .lAjOJXthp lit: l!eysr-"Wbe- BrrntTie cntlv, wind of Autcmr, To the exile and the captive, ard d?ponding. distant of landscapes, Dreaming en And joys forever vanifh'd. And home they loyftfo welll Till them, whatever tempests roll, To kefp their rummer in the ecu!, And that the wror g which 6eems to eland And overshadow all the laud, Is luta. breath of vain edevor; ? laaU t: forLTer. Wh41eBijh ja Kight;Hnd , ""?- - WOMAN SUFFHAGE. Many predict utter failure of thoVoman Suffrage movement because it has not already been accomplished, and because it that were it moveslowlyr a necessary step, and . ono destined to . bo liuTiptM'ata " T ? ?v ?? plished ere this. But I have proved to my own satisfaction, from this very delay, that it is necessary and inevitable, and when t once adopted, destined to be permanent. Tho gourd which grew up in a night withered in a day, whilo things which live long grow slowly, in tho natural order, of Jhings a pcr&on must be prepared for .responsible positions before occupying them, for unless her capacity is equal to. her; needs, sho will fail in her undertakings. . Woman's long exclusion, from educational advantages and participation even by unrestrained conversationjn political afTairs, wouid argue an uuqualified condition. Hav ing neither experience norf caching, neither practice nor theory, neither personal nor general responsibility, tho chances are that had they been admitted to the full privileges of-:- citizenship at the first asking, without argument pro or eon, a great portion of them would have been as fearful oi accepting their new privileges as certain vmcmbersof Congress arc appropriating their "back pay.'. They would st) have dreaded to be culled "strong minded which scandal dreadful affrights so many of Eye's ami proves beyond argument (laughters how low U the standard set up. for them by , . . . I -- , 1 T measure woman'u u ul.uM-.iv."- so long will she be a slave to ladyhood, just ; lady ism. All honor to the brave souls who would correct this state of things, by putting into her hands, and teaching her to use the weapons of And here I cannot forbear a word in favor fffr'- elf-goverume-ht. 'Tho Woman's Journal." It condemns fash ion-worsh- mammon- - ip, It advocates worship and perfect equality and not tyranny from cither man or woman ; a mutual concession - of of the sexes and all. privileges; such needed reforms; and while doing so, and all inclidiscountenances all over-zenation to exhibit only one sido of the (iuestion; teaching temperate ardor and a realize the dignity and authority which the most unselfish devotion" to tho cause of franehiso bestows, and none will dispute woman's advancement. L. L. 13. that whosoever thoroughly realizes this may be safely trusted to use it wisely. The Best Learning. Tho learning i Tho new facilities afforded the press in which makes us acquainted with ourselves, this Territory by the railroad, have brought with tho faculties of the human mind, writh that also within the reach of Woman; and Divine which 5is plainly revealed, gladly does she avail herself of this means with its truth, on tho mind and heart, with power to educate and vindicate herself. She is the concatenations of "cause and effect, and justly tired of being misrepresented, mis :our She never understood and out of 'our wants and tho wants of asked for the franchise but when- - it -- was groi's those about lis,1 is learning of a bettefqualify ": Offered to her she accepted it gratefully, than that which only enables tis td call c; and will now cling to it as to her life. things by different names, without giving' Had the ladies ofJJtah mado ono tenth us a knowledge of their qualities for either of - the exertions to gain citizenship that 1 ?r 7 ; their Eastern sisters have" done, it is but gOOd Or CVil. A Cinr.Ds FArra. la tho ; Highlands of 'Sect-- ' fair to conclude that the Avhclo civilized world and half the heathen would havo hmd there is a mountain orsc iiO feet in width, cd informed of the? fact, and called to witness 200 ,fcct in depth Its pcrrDdicuhr walls are tho terrible state of tyranny on one hand and bare of vegetation, save ia tlic crevice's, in which rebellion on tho other between the men and grow numerous "wild Cowers of rare beauty. Desirous ofobtainiD2 specimens of these uiountain beau-- ? women of Utah. And, truly, there have been nearly (though not quite) as much tFes, tome scientiOc tourists once offered a Highland truth in it as if applied to the Eastern States boy a handsome gift if he would consent to be low- for men m general ..do oppressjcrel down the cliff by a rope, and would' gather a women in general-eve- n if unintentionally, little IxtskH full of (hem. ..The iKO' l'xled wistfully .. becauso -- theJiamci v,or k o f . laws a nd t ho at tliejiioney for; his parents LWrPjTocrjJjut when network of customs under which they he pized at the yawning chasm he shuddered, shrank kuck and declined; but Clial love was strong live will have it o. There is a gradual; improvement in the within him; after another glance at the gift, and at code of laws for which women aro truly the terrible fissure, his heart grew strung, and his self-defens- man-worshi- p. e. co-educat- - For tbaExro5K5T. - - - '.. , : -- ast enougl satisfy the most aang.uine.:, Th is is speak i n g ot worn a n in general lat t sufftrests a particular case: the women of Utah. Were thev fitted- and prepared o appreciate and widely use the franchise? Can they claim superior education or natural abilities? At lea.--l they do not, and yet I think them au He able to make cood use of the ballot. Whatever the Territory affords of educational facilities are open alike to men and women, but their chief preparation for tho ballot lies in having so long and so keenly felt tho need of a weapon of The long years in which they have borne the scorn and contumely of the world at large, have matured them fast; for suffering is a powerful teacher. The ladies, of Utah thus have been prepared to fully Sit under hawthorn branches And paint the rosy future, And tell them Youth and Beauty I'ass over like the spring; But that if. Love on yirtuo lean, Time thai! not dim its golden mean, But light it on its earthly. way, Until iho morUl shall decay; Ti enjead it through the immortal door, Wbo'e Lore Is young forovermrre. - . . re BieatheVft in shady lovers et th twi ighi 4 eriuitsj dence--'of--he- Wiere3lttir3gzith M cart-smitt- i -- ng JI time may seem, say 'men because they are so ble; but, Jo some, tho joyful sensitive about being "attacked" but no one alow of approach. If so, let them not wearily count.tho hours can find fault if I say by- - Society. to Acrain thousands would have gone on in and lengthen1 them with suspense, but mammoiland fashion worship,- - refusing to lighten and hasten them, do something! arouse themselves to the dignity of their make preparation! lift themselves out of . new position; and many who did accept the degradation of u n' thinking,- unreasoning,ifV which tome lead. Even willingly their privileges would seem much useless existence like children playing with firekuowing you ruakemistakes and do Uiings you would not what tondtT wltlf it: But pie strong, like to recall, better that than sit with folded to do. opposition which the movement has met, hands and never learn what Above all things do not be a dave to will arouse tho idlest and most ignorant to a sense oi ner imporiani position, nu fashion! She i a most despotic queen and each new point at" tissue wUFedueatjiand. layAlupou Ji noiitcrioubuj in for, return graciousness sno prepare her for the responsibility which is dens; con coming upon her, each uewjbuff will make demands the lime, uo talents, tho evi science ami the health eficr viclimsHer will re wardsjxre a rest less era v i ng mtadula tion . unprotected-conditi- on etfse arouse her dormant energies and-1- ! ,step in uUi and a regretful, empty old age. life middle by step, to be herrown guide, guardian and , - Poor wages truly. T d efend er. : T Kone neitd feel degraded by the necessity The friends: ::of?wominrzHTe Jighl? to ,J)c? of toil; fOaKfs?honorablezi n tho sight of siege tJie loor for a fast as she God v.ho made it at once our expiation and tofore closed againit-hc- r is fitted to bear them ably, UierelTeeineho mir1tle vat ioujbu r woman ty is d egradlhjjHoTman fear that she will not be called to new privi- - t frivoli i ll t i I will' not THE AUTUMN WIND. m- - - . to-under- stod d. : - ., " ld " to-da- y; ; . . -- " thankful; but they never can be quito just eye Cashed, and he said, ill will if my father until mau and woman stand on a true level; will hold the rrpe.' And then, with unshrinking his having equal rights, equal hp.nor, equal nerves, and heart tirmly strong, he father to a not and the reversion about him" lower into "him, This, put npc of the old order, as some pretend to th Ink- -is the wild abyss, and to tuspe'nd him there whilo ho the aim of the and tided his basket with th? coveted flowers. It was a ulfrigi it is a noble aim truly. Tliat they will daring deed, but the faith in the 5trcngth cf his eventually succeed is just ascertain as that father's arm, and the love of his father's heart, self-sovereignt- -- To-c-ilh- -d their cau?e is just and their claims t ii al -- im.-jiulge- ! , reasona- - gave lum courage and power to perform it. , . IB .1 