 t'lMf-irirrrr- i'iii jjj Vol. ..: - 2. Minimi i SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, August 15, 1873. EDITORIAL NOTES. No. 0. the monkey that accidently got its tail cut off, and then tried to persauade all the other monkeys that tails were quite unnecessary ami it was much nicer to U without one; and the sick child who when the deceptive doctor cried "don't let Jonny have all of that nice castor oil, mother, I bo diffusing about The Spirit of war seems to and implacably, among the In Newaiuc, Now Jersey', some workmen, itself boldlyof the country. Some of their in digging a well lately, struck "He," and aborigines tribes are apparently inclined to assist in carrying out the exterm i nation policy, from v mo ireaenerous ana manner in which they are butchering one another. Whether this state of Indian affairs, is very want somo of it" said the doctor Ayas. a much due to the strange and irregular good map .and he; migjt liave thewliol CONFLAGRATIONS CONTINUE to do their courso which is toward them dose, and making comparisons between :J being pursued part in keeping alive the interest of the by government or not. it is evident that no them and our defense of the sacred marriage Latter-da- y nw&xUumns-inMlai- ly Saints. To meet :gocKl::feelmg ;:eau ho Engendered among system of the ronThas had the largest one of them SufczfriendpThellalancejoi recent date ; while London, Philadelphia, promises. ' grounds, ve c6uldr"showiip th Boston and Concord are prominent among in caricatures as ludicrous trial of the various improve of the question, An official the cities which report great losses by late andits sarcastic as her own, proving that tlrerlnt fires; theicfureT" HutExhibition in Londonrrecently by a com in treating of religion, we prefer a' different The many pleasant notes of mittee of which the Duko of IJeaufort was form v6f discrimination . An(lfoHh"er7Avefc and good wishes for bur future pros- chairman j and Lord Somerset and other taught that retaliation was the perity and happiness, which thelate addition prominent perspnsrwerelmemberClZAf ter were early to our name continues to draw from generous some time had been spent in examination, poorest kind of revenge; the lesson, perhaps 4 menus, can lor acKnowiedgments on our it was decided that there was no special im having more weight with us from the part. Thanks, dear friends; and may you all provement in any of the cabs presented for fact that it was most forcibly impressed by live ior ana realize as great blessings as the prize competition; but it must have words and examples of our own dear, good , :: , your kind words indicate your desire for us. been a laughable sight to witness ;: those mother. Judge Henry H. - Selden and Judge It is an interesting feature in the case of notable dignitaries jumping in and out of Hunt are occupying positions of very Miss Susan 13. Anthony, being convicted of the cabs as if for sport that was the way the crime of illegal voting, that the inspec they tried them. just how. While the latter is tors of election who received her vote, must being severely criticised by a large portion Two young heroines liave lately distin of the newspaper press, for the decision suffer the same penalty she does, which can themselves by being possessed of rendered guished in the Anthony case, the following not be made to exceed five hundred dollars presence of mind and a of is knowledge what the New York. "Commercial Adverfine or three years imprisonment. swimming. One of them, Miss Lucinda tiser" has to say about41ieformer: "When 31. S., Plaids of Science, is a degree which Conklin, the daughter of a Long Island far has been latel y inven ted for lady gmduates. mer. neroiciy rescued a drowning man a jurist as eminent as Judge Henry Jt. testifies that he told "Miss Antliony There should be some title of respect given whose boat had capsized near Eaton's Neck Selden to energetic, yet plain consistent women of light, opposite her fathers residence. The before election that she had a righ t to vote, a careful examination of the the day, who can brave the taunts and jeers other. Maggie Elpick, eighteen years of and this after new of public criticism, and think and. act for ager who resides near Greenwich and is the questiqnj, the whole question assumes importance, and Mr, SIdeu at oncQ becomes--thrthemselvesf and howrthatthey have-som- e daughterof an oysterman,- mnvelyplunged central object of adoration by all.. the individual tastes and ideas of their own. into the deepest part of the harbor and gentle believers in woman's right to tfie d of W. swam to shore with an S Why not confer on them the degree boy ballot. And when the same able lawyer " . , who had lucklessly been overturned in advocates the cause of Miss S., Women of Senses : Anthony in the Sometimes, to know how to swim United States Courts, there is abundant It is stated, most positively by New York a boat papers, that Mr. Ewell, a Massachusetts is of more value than to have an understand reason why other men, both lay and legal, ornithologist has in his possession a white ing of all the fine arts and to bo av leader should put themselves in an attitude at least . robin; and also that a white robin is a bird of. fashions besides. of willingness to change their convictions no oftener seen than a "white blackbird." means Greenwood all the If Grace ...says, upotih this be .true, there may bo hopes ofworthy wo can see iarxner tnan sne aoes i n certain take on large proportions. The points men receiving paying offices yet, sometime directions. She says: "The fact is there made invery the argtoent by Mr. Selden are in the future; if blackbirds "can" be white, are too many oi us women, ivnu mere that the defendant had a legal right to vote; it may be not impossible for a government seems no relief through coming generations that even if no such right existed, .if she ofllicial to be honest. However, the story except the heroic remedy of quietly putting believed she had such right, and voted in be incorrect. out of we the infants female all ad If may way. such il th j that she committed no offense ; and to be statement would first the correct, mit la ho argued, that-sh- e did vote in pur : A; New Jersey: father named Aki ns, tely lastly, had his son locked up for making an assault not a better method and a more just one be suance belief. The point that Miss ;'L on Jii m, the father; and so fearful was he to put the mothers out of Jhe way and save Inthony had iicted" illegally only because that his son might escape confinement and the infants tlwr trouble of coming here but she was a woman, was well put. her Or so fate? a meet hard to better let still, take hLs life, that he went immediately and brother, under the same circumstance, done not a be be to' made law love Platonic y- made his will and put his property in a the . same thing, his act would have been settled shape, as if in anticipation of being broken. True, under either of these sys- not only innocent but laudable. The crime assassinated, and that by the hand of his tems, male, as well as the female progeny was, therefore, not in the act done, but in own son, .who is twenty-on- e years of age. would bo obliterated; which would hardly the sex of the person who did it. Women, Such a position may be an interesting 'one, answer tne enas oi creaiion. wnai men remarked the Judge, have tho same inter remains to be chosen in reason, but the est in the maintenance of good government but We defer comment 7 Some people are apparently much exer- social system so much talked of in connec as men. jno creator absuruity, to use no harsher term, can be presented to tlie cised over a divorce suit of Ann Eliza Webb tion vith the name of "Mormons?" When newspaper men bike occasion to human mind than that of rewarding men Young 'vsV IJrighani Young; but it does m ela ct, not appear to affect him, or to disturb his usual write squibs on as delicate a point as that of an d pjmisl li n gvon i eiJLJkll erene mode, any inore than previoust ricks religion, we do not consider It womanly or without giving women any voice in the d which other filibusters, have expressive of refined taste or good judge question of which shall bo rewarded and sought to play on him, have done. The ment "for lady writers to seek to Imifci to an which punished. now grateful to Judge case is proceeding iiras lawless a manner example so unprolific of satisfactory results. Selden must all the suffragists be! lie as is common in cases of the kind wherein MThe Balance" has evidently been trying to has struck the strongest and most promising "Mormons" are. concerned in Utah, under "draw us out," one means used being that blow in their behalf that has yet boon Its present Territorial official government. of repeating those little old funny stories 'ivon. pumped, the first day, about twy barrels of ; good oil. The owner, doubtless, considers ..his fortune made, but in ease of a fire on his premises, the water sought might have rendered it more complete. ...... -- ;; uiooa-tJurst- . - - - . ' v-- : -- - r"--rr-;- ----. ditfer-entjeharacte- -- rs . , " e eight-year-ol- 1 ' is-to- .If - ..." j- - pxe . . " -- ? ' of-suc- s h Had - short-sighte- -- 7 , it- -- 