A N of OHHijug with tlm ftiiirt ift H K OX If T. I lUrmtughm ffl?hZ7:j By ; tfiLT, change in liodiold ; arningmenU the initiates of oar hou-- e have IIof jhou)d In rendered a jltastiit pLiu been' Mrgely deprived of the (or improvement rould gahi'd Hfio:ouHici on flu duly oP to the iiihjrenrfh:tth hy vital air of the atmosphere. be should said with ;.efc to therefrom and j they wive," amueniiJit Evcrv breath we draw, everv Jaiun that pleasure their husbands; and in speaking of plurality elsewhere, and, a atuil burii, every tiro that wariftsus, consumes niueiiee, we ail lotil(t uliohl it before is not iiiiiiglevwiitliTthe ,'vaiii,1: the frivolou, and this air in large quantities; and it full butKshevould mind ivtrwayfcvcn th iler i In? found aThoiiiCjiiml they will not iod: to it blcssidt 'for hcjy asking: easily stores of v nature,we must grow dull, weak, ntcreefjf ih the work of salvation. Mother Sessioi4 he lejtl astray sf ri velith ! pale, inert and finally succumb to death. -g who isnfS years of age, next addressed the j energy to instruct their minds And yearly, millions' go down to untimely meeting. She was highly gratified and felt and their heart; toculti yate their moral graves, and the groans of the dying are that a good .spirit ivas therehad heen inter- - natures, and by kindness, gentleness, and j constantly heard, as the result of want of esteu in Hearing, tn erininutes read. In love, twine their affections alMHjf hr. hd this fact; and ey eh now it is iinper- speak nig. uftarficlief Society he said; j forever retain - tliemr7?r "Thanks be to the Lord who has coniuienced greater influence over themaULjiny this work through the instrumentality of being on theearth, and ;wheu that influence tilation are considered as fanatics, and the -His Elders. : She felt a timidity in .rising is properly directed, it is; their greatest .safe- - idea remains d to many. " to speak, old as she was,iut was determined guard in after life, when the days of trial ; Rouses, then, should be properly venti-ah- d when called upon to perform every duty. temptation shall come, and they can no kited. If no other means have been She gave some good advice; to mothers, tell: chiimilie roof-tre"Then how crreaf is her resoon- - with millevs andliiw.tfinin2!JEU5ta.;!bei. ing them they should never say anything ! against their Jitisbands before their children, dibihty ) j Immorhd souls are intrusted to readily lowered from the top and raised from but strive to be cheerful and jilway ineet her to be lilted for eternity! Where the i)ottoui. An opening is necessary, pari their h ushandswith a ain ile, for no man was pure love is, there can IfeDjoiljmrUB She touches with ufiugei of t life the germs of room i Inhabitt.':JChere'.;inust: be a con-- ; HrePjTto withstand a woman's smile. 4J lough U il u ml ma rriage-- wo stauticMngebfiriinctetlds'a r '" ;n Sii ii ii nveu suvaiiou ngni; one snouiu never faces to kiss the hand of God's benediction. effecttnl through closed w indows or impen iiotice failings in other wives, but speak of IkttUiiiejpife- ious doors Scieuce of Health.' all the good they had done, and give credit to us, chastened with suffering, and sorrow Flower-Garde- n and Lawn. Box. when it was diitv Mothers .should teach and pain, how beautiful and holy are r the Th is tlieir childreii the; AVord bt Wlsdoni; f()r Uweet and sacreel nieniories of the mother keep itbeauUfulgingimu in proper shape, and in August is over six years the speaker had not used ted of our childhod; with what soft, hazy olds the '" ' ' proper t i me to do i t.'"-'-r- " Tlie IsTher image drapel in the consecrated niche orotfeey iMnKRreauirezto Jfeneatiytietluit irsentKl ituthetempleoimirfondesfcmemon to show off to best;adintage.A"fdrsuiaU2 tor 1 In i gh t, J a m es Sin i t h and Levi Thornton, when kneeling in the deepening shadows, iron brackets screwed to the posts of the followed with interesting remarks. Brother after the nightly thanksgiving for the day's III lirviTErr nnilmilr'nTii rrt 7'l t !.: rl a Weiliiig:?ud the' Society had done. 'well and blesinrsJur m-Bftwm its affairs had been judiciously; conducted, wing-swehush for the tntful au'wer lie had been edified in hearing sister Ses- petition to bring an down, : y iilrttr iV TPin tiwiidittiAi't mF itAfi-n- i sions and said it was 'mothers who formed remember th house and vines. the minds of children. In speaking of the loving hand, as ift old, days, when Giuss. l;Idgi iigs and bortiers, heed a good Relief Societies, he said so long-ti- g' they ex- her knee was the altar front which our deal of attention in order to look well, and isted they would lighten the burdens of the simple prayers were wafted heaven-war15 i si i ops, and tha t Pres i de u t You ng kn e w a t and the thoughts that now go. out to her, if cared for often, will recpiire but little the commencement, the good they would across the wide abyss of years, are the pure time. The lawn needs mowing over at least do. Brothers Ilaight and Smith in their white wings of a dove, full of music, cleav- every week or ten days, in order to make . remarks said one motive they had in coming ing the silver and violet clouds of the it to meeting was to get the sisters interested morning, for everything that our mcmorv -- her - life is fuli of th c radian tf -hi the Su feuches--o- f iloii;JohuV7"Binghnni; late member of on oX Other the pended rising generation. beauty goodness. And it should be the Congress from Ohio, has been appointed remarks w ere made, brother Thornton giv- aim and delight .of every mother, to live so Minister to Japan, vice Ie Iijng, removed; t: President that her beautiful example may le so reing some useful suggestions. An effort is being inade in Paris, to introMrs. Holmes felt that they ought to be thank- membered by her children. duce pattern dress gowls into market, in ful for the visit of their sisters from Vkntilatiox. Opportunity for the in- place of the plain fabrics which have ruled Bountiful ; and gave notice that the Society gress of pure ai r, and the egress of that so long. would have a pic-ni- c party to be held at Mrs. which is impure, is absolutely re'iulsite in A AVkstehn exchange hits tlie fashionable Stuarts, on Friday, the 20th inst, and the construction of every house. 'Previous s church-goerto all attend. After which j ineeting to the introduction of stoves as warming invited, quietly haiidsoniely and r seats "iii tho-sned the the" ciiurches be that lorfuur were modemtely proioses .wAsladjou apimratus for houses,and closing prayer by Elder Job Welling, wel 1 ventilated by the open grates and arranged on pi vols, so t ha t the devotional A. S. RoGKKSj Secretary. which they contained. The pure portion of the congregation who enter the air, localise cold, rushed down the chimney church ata reasonable hour, may more conLate in Life. Stewart has made the and lecpm i ng warm by passing the fire, veniently turn round and examine the greater- - iirt-o- f hiswcalthsinceiieiecaniea spread through the house, giving life to its elaborate toilets and decorations of the late man .of advanced years. It is said that ( inmates. Tlirough- e the comers, whose entry -- f i fteen or t wen ty opening George Peabody made but little until- - he rarified air, leing lighter, ascended, and minutes after service has commenced, is had iassed fifty The same may be said' of I thus constantaht reiie wal1 was Iladr those apparently designed to Ikj spectacular and to attract the notice and admiration of the Stewart. At fifty he was worth about a days vcntilatioiivas not studied, beaiu.se million now he has probably twenty-fiv- e means were needed for it. Ne- audience, in utter disregard of the annoyatimes as much. This is a lesson which cessity leing the mother of inventibu, where nce-it occasions the minister. shows tlie importance of improving the no necessity existed, means were not A Blood SrniNO in Kentuuk v. The latter hours in life. Some men retire from studied, because additional means for it Bow ling Green (Ky.) "Democrat" says: business as age steals on. This is a great were not needed. Hence, in those davs "We understand that Mr. Calvin Liles Avho resides in the Three .Forks iieipiborhood, misjake.j mtvn areo un who abandonihe habits' of a busy life. No men and especially women, maintiuned a in this county, has a peculiar vell oil his one should retire froni trade until he is sure degree of health and vigor and hardiness of farm. In the spring of the year the water of some busy employment in another sphere. constitution, which are both the marvel and that runs from the spring look like blood. Mr. Stewart knows that he is happier while envy of modern times. Grandmother's The bloody looking water runs from it twice at th0 head of his enimense trade than if he vigor and personal endowments are sfill the a week, but only for a few moments at were doing nothing. 3Ien who retire from desired, but despaired of prize, of modern a time. During the fall the bloody water business Income nervous and fretful,--. or else ambition. .Wherein consists the remarkable runs but once a week; and after tho disapsink info mere fatuity, from having nothing change since then? Whence the dyspepsias, pearance of the bloody hue, the water to do. Work is the thing for old and nervous derangements, female weaknesses, assumes a purplish one, which soon passes of our time? Through off. The water is said to be very delightful young, they with to; escape these dan-- ! consumptions, J ' the closing of fireplaces by the invention of to tho taste." ers, another,-- ! if i life-givi- ng ,so-toiii- ; .co-worke- rs, ; our-youhg- w-a- if ...j s ) never-ceasin- : ; votitiUtimiiaftfeAiflaniiw s J , j new-fangle- pro-.-long- er e. t-ar- : . e ? i t : lillrHri i iind-lierliedtirivai- trti rgwd7 Jthren f F--- lv - tne-urac- far-aw- t ay d; look-well- ndaS e . lire-plac- es - . the-im- in -- l . j 1 Jf 1 ts, VJV1y pt 