' WO iiKiirr kind of a fakm home; a MAN'S. .. E XV O XK.NT. parsed away, lind when, they were gazed it after, on gala (lays only, as a raree-showas diflieuit to imagine rational beings reconciled to them, and considering tliem an indisniisible part of female attire, or to believe that they were once so mnyerUtn huge:rkiul qualities in even a greater degree; other The followjug pleasant sketch of what a furniture to correspond, arranged at stiff fannerf.s .home .should be is from "Harper' singles around the walls. This sacred as well as the wiiole part of the Magazine" fur February,;.! Farmer? : a they build homeswill do well to pattern after the house, was kept cold, 'dark, shut up, and picture first described. Early in October, suggestive to the bold invader who dared Lance and Iiur.i were married, and moved penetrate its dreary- - shades only of funerinto their new home. . It W;te far from being als. The.fainily lived mostly in the kitchen, ,a tjtdn'ormble or imposing residence, unless sustained, probably, 'by the proud conscious vc except Laura's one extravagance the ness of possessinga best parlor and hair-clot- h tittle but it had an eminently furniture: bv at night, you would homelike The moment you air. cozy, think the hou so uninhabited, did not a ray usi dc7I yoir reeei ved T a coin fbrtable; or light from WJy b xciv i irth 1 cheerful impression,.as if here Were a place you. Did company coimr unexpectedly, where people wen? in the vhabit of enjoying great a paraue was mane 01 ouiiding nres i hem selves. opening rooms, getting out the best things Enterihgd little square1 hdl on foue side thai the unfortunate guest felt lie should o7t the was the lijiiug-r()on- i; other, the par- never dare come again. So Lance anc" the Laura were uneonsdously doing missionary lor; ba;-- of the parlor; the ftirnaco imparting a summer tern peratu re. work that a farmer's home need not neces the doore.nf. their sarily be desITtule .oHm desirable comfort open giving od Jiir, and a d eaLdf nom or refinement. ....... 7. tor so small a house. - The parlor paper was a green and giU lOlEI&tiOlINTSZrZ o:rj Jlght (lrab ground; tbe carpet, an ingrain, small checks, ap-partme- w, nt, ! bow-windo- w; that maidservants' . were seen in washing down the door-step- s rei suehwas actually tlie case bo they were letMnT by the higher clase$. ? London,'; hoop--peUi-eoa- ts. Pits-sin- step-"jVe- in j Tins reflection upon past fashion should niaivo H5 ook with" Jealous eves on those whiclrf revailf in bur day,; in order ta'di- - e-- - A. T .... v . a sJ something - " . k Ixd-rob- m; ,' flor green the predominant color. Througlrthe the sun shone brightly in over Laura's plants, making a summer within, e von If it were winter outside. Each side on little brackets, were of tiie Parian busts E vo and Psyche wedd nig presents, looked out from EuglishHvy tliat twined around them, and then met overthe hanging basket in the middle of the window. On the walls hung two or three good engravings and photographs; Over .them clusters of bright autumn leaves. A set of ves, beari n g t h e united hanging bcok-shlibra ry of Lance and Laura, presonted an odd combination of poetry and works on Agriculture and "The Horse."" Then there was a lounge which "was'? a lounge not a triy ed to exaspera to t ho hu ma n frame to the utmost by its khobbiness an a camp chair, a shakorrockiiig d chai rs, a centre-tabl- e chair, ouo or two with the big lamp, looks, papers, and v PVICi: TO LADIES Ul'OS COST UMEr bow-windo- w bow-windo- w, f. el :z''Con 1 ea.vy-chai- r, cane-seate- Laursrworkrbas'ket. i u , 7 "I LookThis was the family sitting-rooing in of an evening, you would have seen Lance on one side jpf the; table in the big reading his paper, or chatting with Laura, fitting opposite in her shaker rocker with her sewing. One great advantage rin marrying a farmer is, that youjiave him at home with you evenings; provided y'mi make, yourself ..'tolerably "agreeabla tq him. Laura, even If she Wero married, still thought it worth while to fashionably arrange hor hair, wear tho bright bow,r the dainty collar, the little et eetras that really add so much towoman's attractions.. Iance had too much respect for Laura and .himself too to sit down for the evening in his old frcK'k, . tumbled hair, overalls tucked Into coarse boots, savoring strongly of the barn yard. Ho brushed his hair, donned an old coat and slippers, and so, with a little trouble, gaining vastly in comfort and his wife's - In no wayhas civilized man played ihore fantastic tricks, and sacriiiced his reason more entirely to folly, thad i:i the matter ot d ress. Tl t e el um.sy and in.-- nveni ent gar ments of the savage, are attributed to his ignorance of tlomestic arts; but what can be said in excuse for civilized man, when he wears shoes that project half a yard beyond his feet, or exchanges his own locks for 'a periwig filled with powder .and .pomatum; when the graceful motion of a lady's head is sacrificed to the sfifl movements necessary in balancing a tower of linen and wire, o half a yard high, with draperies that flow from the top of it to t he floor; when the wavy lines of a female form are disguised which will appear equally absurd to future generations." The French nation has long been the arbiter of fashion for mast civilized countries and;the political revolution of the last century was accompanied by a revolution in dress almost as signal; for i t banished wigs and buckles, powder .and t long Waists, arid h igli-heel- ed extreme Iedtoanother,;ahdth shoes? r One haq been encased in wrnaiebone, bukrum, and abundance of quilted pettiedds, f epped forth-a- Grecian goddesses, Without any to th ei r corse t garments, or any heels to their shoes. AVhitei muslin dresses of the scantiest dimensions,' draSvn closely round the figure, with the shortest possible, waists, and not a fold or a plait that coiild form any drapery, were the order of the day in France, ami quickly spread into 'England. Only, look at the portraits in the historical pictures of that period such for instance, as the coronation of Napoleon and you will be so shocked at the tight sleeves, short waists, and ndrro w sk i Hs o f the women,? t hat ' i t wi II be diflicult io believe that such a style of dress ; : ever looked well.- The influence of fashion is so strong in corrupting tho eye, and perverting the taste, u nder a st ff ei rcl e of whah one, which i m- r i son s the botlyd" ro m t h e hi prru wa rd , a nd exfstance of standard of beauty as a buckram cage so surrounds t he lower limbs, appl icabl e to anjtrue costum e ; but as long as some that she can" with' difficulty walk or sit. forms of dress, when out of fashion, look laTse sla hda hTo r"bea ii lyt TnTenfed bettor to us than others, wo may fairly con to T5oi n e ; conceal some deformity, is set clude that there are some immutable principerhaps up, and then the verv bones and mucles of ples of taste connected with the subject, the perfect body must be' made to conform and that those articles which we admire, to it. When this is carried so far as it is in after they have ceased to be the reigning tho case of small feet in Ciiina, its absurdity mode, conform in some degree to true taste. strikes us at, once; Jiut we may find, nearer Such for instance, is the simple cap called home, instances of a standard as false,i and after Mary Queen of Scots. When the pre consequences even more fatal to health and vailing fashions are most opposed to the flat h s ppiess ..than thelit tie feet; of thoXlunese. it still shape of The ii islory of .iuitioli"c7)stuliieir'iri :ihe appears to us beautiful; and when adopted civilized countries of Europe show's, that for by a modern 'fine lady, as her costume in a many centuries the progress of art and portrait,-oher d ress at a masquerade ball , i t manufactures only led to greater extra va- - is pronounced to be highly becoming. Now, ganec in dress, and more preposterous this is not the case with the monstrous fashions. One enormity was only displaced constructions' of gauze, ribbon; and wire, to make way for the opposi te extreme, as that was called caps fifty years ago; nor with in the case of the peaked-toe- d shoes already any; which outrage those folio shoes of wed were these mentioned; common sense, and set all proportion at, de- by As soon as the enormous horse-haonly the length of the foot, but as braid as one time men's coats cushions, over which tbe locks were combed they were long. At were so short that they resembled boy's and plastered rwith powder and pomatum, atrections. V jackets of "the, present, day, and soon after went out of fashion'; 'that style of head-dres- s From their windows the light of a happy they were so long and full that they looked was condemned as hideous. home streamed cheerfully out, a benediction like female attire. Women's sleeve? were Nov, if there are principles of true taste to tho passer-bPeople were fond of droi- - sometimes made so long that they were tied involved in the mysteries of a toilet, ping in there for an evening, it vas "so in knots, to prevent the wearer from fread-Ingdi- n is nQtthejstudy, of them worthyladys ..of a refined 1 lieTiiTahd di heyardsTof lcl6thvaTli and intellectual pleasant' tney saiu. Jiany a larmer's boy being; and, would not her lceve-an- tl emVfniottera t ti then time and thoughtsbo better spent in conhome thinking farming wasn't so bad, after they were made as tight as skin, and forming her stylo of dress to them, than in all, and they wouldn't be in such a hurry to reached no father than the elbow.' It would eagerly following every change di ..fashion grow old enougli'to leave for the city, if it seem that for centuries the whole ingenuity dictated by the lovo of novelty, apart from could boas pleasant at home. For fashion in of a nation was taxed to invent monstrous real beauty? "English Paper." Knipsic Farms had generally' ordained an forms' of clothing, as well as inconvenient Paint. To get rid of the smell of oil entirely ditFerent order of things, from that and useless appendages, and that comfort prevailing at Lance's. The parlor of every and ease were the things most of" all to be paint, plungo a Jiandful of hay into a pail full and let it stand in tho room , respectable farmer must contain a very hard avoided in dress. hair-cloth and slfppery After the general fashion of hoops had sofa, six chairs, and, m. easy-chai- r, -- thcMary-Queen-of-Scotsca- p, i r . . head-dresse- s, ir " y. ngratr-Lancns- pr e-tr- uan ty-ftre-acl x of-wate- newly-painted- . r, . . ... 