55,..;.,. .. rAiSL'.lC. WOMAN'S. EXPONENT ; j; ; a For tho '. xpq5est. since thev worn household, but simply to present their claims ; . v V to tlie marriage state for your respectful Tlie cause of working men and working consideration. They deem it their privilege women being embarrassed and awkward in and their duty 16 suggest the marriage of a . . the bwiuiy oi the. opposite is simnl sex, f man to more than one wife, "in cases where tlie force of WORKING MEN AND WORKING WO - io layiuMadara'L: big-"Fs- Grundy, ," , 1 1 1 1 Ck 1 dependent on man. or a nnaren tl v so. for whatever her . faiicyr-reas)iiTmay-require.7- Vixn, out,", says maaam, 'sue ampiy pays for alU si i o -- ge te,ifsh e Jstays jit Jiome and . - . . I -- Oh mea oi our gins ciung memseives un IonD! some great arid attempting to be It's perfectly absurd it la awful!" Why, auntie, has not a woman the same right to be a business individual that a man has? She was created like him to live upoii urn earui , imu iuiii isne musi eat aim unnK n and be provided wi thlTriabitation--wher- e! to dwell, and material wherewith she may bo clothecl. Is it less honorable in her to take proper measures to obtain, fairly on1 II dl 4 h t f 4 ncann Jrl o f fi rn niTnn luxuries, 11 she desires , them, than to be - Y una ..woman, vuynaii create(Mg.r each other? attends to her household affairs with iThere fow:neeessity-fdj- a prlevr "7 ever to leave the house to. hud 187 pro- - woman ThericlnaftlisoaRd uaugniers, who give much of their time to pleasure and amusement, are continually brought in contact with companions of both sexes. Hence, ;their superior grace and seeming intellectual powers. The children of laborers; are less connected and gain less it is thought that they sluggish in mind. But they must not seek to break the barrier which restrains them O no! it is "absurd" for a workmwjmahlo undertake to establish for herself any thing but; the, "humdrum'' drudge life Madam Grundy has been pleased to mark out for her. If she attempts; to advance, in the scale of practical education any higher than to have an understanding of how to knit and sew, Zbrirscrub and cook, she is growi ng 'fstrong minded," aio3 that Is awfnl.,,.r:-1:-E!!1- f where it is made evident that the man is able to sup port the burden laid upon his resources. They are aware that it takes years to remove prejudices, and that those who take a second or third place in the household may be looked upon with disfavor; but confident that their proposed action will ultimately do away withirmicltoM and distresses all communities, wlUin'-t0:bcthefiret- t of reform. fhe'are7 Society which now insists that-- i woman shall be married and look to her husband r for support, will, after mature reflection, counteract this effort to carry out - v the law practically. v iilH :isifarfr tioners to ask legislation in behalf of free love Lprany loosening of the marriage bond. W"e ask that the marriagepf doncfand ih shall be made permanent and binding : work, aiatjDfthefirs ty and that all t he ch ild rerrr Jnmust realitymanhAWill th ere is al way s abundance of work, to be has as just a right to work by the side of a of th e" houselioTa done i n every- - family." There you are man, as another wrho will not work aud And in asking this, we believe; we have ouite riirlit. Mrsr G;r and further, no girl is able to live without it,, has to walk,.ride, takeJiralohsteg should be brought up without a knowledge dance or sit on the sofa beside one. Men foundling asylums," of cookery, liut an tnis and women Were not made to dwell separate, murders, and lessening the vagabond child does not prove that no woman should learn but in the society of each other. G. population of our large cities. and practice any suitable trade, art or proFor. the reasons enumerated your fession." In our common schools, girls as "respectfully ask the passige of a law PETITION FOR POLYGAMY. mathe- well as boys are reuirecL to study permitting plural marrragesTihthercases 2 matics and other branches which are but and under such other The following petition has been prepared to them, if all they are to be and a large number of ladies in conditions as to your judgment may. seem signed by allowed to think of is preparing meals and Lowell, Massachuset ts, to be presented to wise and proper. And your petitioners will ever pray, etc. keeping the house in order. But it is their the Legislature of that State. The petition lawful and just" privilege to progress in has already appeared in a number of leadIMPORTANCE OF DECISION knowledge ancT worth irr every form, pracing Eastern journals, the first to give it , men-doas as well as and, from York mentally; New tically Graphic, place being the make choice among whatever legitimate which it was clipped into h&rmcaTxmes. Is it better to spend half a life-ticourses present themselves, of the one most and what is best to (16, than to ma ke papers: contemplating acceptable for. gaining not alone a livelLowell, April 418 73. up your mind to some laudable course of ihoodbut influence and recognized utility To the Honorable the Senate and House of conduct and make a bold attempt to reach in society as well. Representatives of the Commonwealth the mark you set out for, even though it be - "Yesjnugues the old lady, jbut it is so not the highest on record, and, even though of Massachusetts: u out of place, so improper, for women to be The undersigned, citizens of the State, you coma short ot gai ning the" exac- t- poin t associated with men in business transactions, respectfully set forth the grievances under you started for? I think not. TrueW as they inevitably must be, in order to which they suffer as wrqmen who are not better to move moderately than to move become acquainted with and successfully permitted to vote, hold any and all offices, wrons:;" and it: is well to "look -before you and engage in the occupations opened to leap;" bu t indecision holds many a- man from carry on any of the employments which have been so long controlled by men; such men, and are otherwise restricted in the- achievin as clerking, working in printing establish- opportunity of earning a living, and here- high and noble ambition. A young man buyuau n realizes that he might become a hr.stol class ments; etc." Is it, then, to be considered a with peg your permission wwhich any they architect, or a superior workman disparagement to eiher, for men and women remedy for these evils, upon : mo has kfnd; he. would like the trade, pray your honorable body to act. to beinzthe:rsocie probably, there is nothing in men who are 'habitually asiatedjwitlr The law wh ich noW governs society .says, abilities .nd bo married, theway to interfere with his commencing: women of refined natures, are themselves practically, that women should own homes, to learn at once. But it will require time should ensrage in work at their superior to other men. They lose their a to ways, and and should look to their husbands for sup and patience and practico as acquire rude, declamatory. and pedantic and lie wouiu shows thorough knowledge of it, such elegant port. On the other hand, the census become more ehivalric, courtly ' un-- ; need, if he undertook it, and possi Diy in mind and heart, as in manner and address. hat it is impossible to carryforout this the reason; something else may be presented that will law, The woman, too, who becomes: accustomed written but recognized now men, that there is a large excess of women in the ho a little easier and pay lettercanjust - to4heseuetyjQfdueate be looked the future stands away off and so that she is at ease aud enjoys freedom of commonweal tbf and unanyofthemenof or after when it gets herer He will wait a year. are awful incompetent, such vicious, idle, associations, age in and speech thought, or two, and look around. He does not becomes also superior to her sex in general, otherwise unfit to bo heads or households, matter; really know that the trade would suit ashim, and to her former self. Her better senses Yet your petitioners hold that theanu ho cus- it might not be as much to his taste Prejudice aro awakened; she finds,, by continued is not without remedy. without restricting the imagines. So the chance passes conversation with , the enlightened of tom has decided in favor of without justice being improved, and the time blips: away wife, yet the opposite sex, that she possesses high husband to a single we believe. In the Book and is lost AiuLthu3 people waste me and noble fliculties which brighten into and authority, as foundation of ail law recog- best and most useful days of their lives in at the lies Which the under worth richness and glowing is no injunction very many instances; r arid, nothing beh g there this in and country, nized intellectual competition; influence of while there are decided tilion, nothing Is;accomplishcd. the take place of frivolity against a plurality of wives,recorded in" its grace and dignity is no -- necessity TQrtaking. what therein the in examples many without changing and timidity, to have in- seems to be a wrong step in order to move wives Men's appear and favor. chosen may smallest degree the delicate, chaste, number An proportion with their in some direction. Tho way but wo may in nature. creased woman's of her the wisest; gentle peculiarities . Such a rule even now not always prove Did rot the Eternal and Allwise Creator, flocks and riches. half our lives, for fear in Christian uncertainty the from" which dally land the in holds and alone, say it was not good for man to be of running a dangerous risk, and then make their received religion. nations the mate in too old to therefore made for him a help no desire to inter- - tho worst of mistakes when we arc have iWiinnpM vvv-v-should UUl M ig non a . 11 e in. Wherefore, then, form of woman? outlive and above rise exi of any bethe regulations fere with there be so great a distinction placed z&fte zMyWrk musfcbe employment: a3 -- house-keepnifrii- na " peli-tione- above-enumerate- -- d, little-benefit ' :.. me .; f , ' . JL - rs 