W OMA N. S t xIPEOGRESSiOFi ; f YEAR.H X PONENT; 107 Senator, and was lost, 77 Republicans voting forand 121 against it; 17 Democrats voting against' and 2 for if This action was taken, in spite of the square and complete endorse ment of Woman Suffrage in the platform of u M-Jlthe Republican partyv A Since it thus appears that 'men will allow themselves 'to accept nominations to the Legislature, while they feel no moral or honorable obligation to support the platform on Which they were elected, the Massachusetts WpmanuffrageSociety have vted to form Woman Suffrage Political pubs,uhlted by 1 j m: the following pledge: V We, the undersigned , 'men and Kvoinen, citizens : of iiJrassachusett?vof 'it' .THE FOUKTH ANNUAL REPORT OF THE EXECU 0i THE AMERICANvWO- TIVE COJIMLTTEE :'.f.li.7 AN SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION, ill - t x iugmade to give her'accssjto greater ad vantages for study, as a matter of necessity. Training schools for nurses have been cs' tablished in; Boston and New York; i In New Jersey 'women have been made : f eligible to tho office of school trustee, and several have-beeelectedhile in Massa- chusetts a iargff number have been elected: members of ' the school committees.' : Thb Legislature- of New IlainpShire nroted that v the women of that state were not competent -- One is not to vote pn surprised at this, whenlwe Jndtliat the 'isamjDLegisIaturo ."passed a law giving ariy ; iv married man -- whose wifeHhad - been insane twelve" months, arfghtto sell her'real estate.' - v. ! The American Woman Suffrage Assoeia tion is a representative body, riniposecFof g auxiliary oiaiy uwuuuiiiuus , xne jnam worK, I therefore; devolves updntHese State "jsocie-- I ties! ana will be'fcporfed in derail by them -in s, this morningr The principle wonc 01; in is' Association, is Societies, to 'stimulate r to create auxiliaryto watch for opportunities I; them id activity I1 to Jorvaix! ouf 1 ritorjrin'the Union; and oprevent alilios-iil- o parties,-believithat Wpmn Suflrageis a Thensauoarriedotoan or States the legislation;-bot- lr is restored rafter thirteen by by vital politiciil issue, do hereby organize our- whose-reaso- n" Congress. selves :iri to' a W6m A ii Suffrag e Poiattcai; months, returns to find - her property confis- with rio power td geti t" backr Is l am happyerepoTtIiail cadiM GiuBVUibrhepurposeoLi nave we iorraea iwo new4 auxiliary Movement, morally and politically-b- y year the it stralige tliaTCbddyor ineioyhonld?passf t;, State societies, one in Maine and one in New such a systematic circulation- of tract 6rkmaccdfdahce iwiih1IQteMdoited not; competen tto iscrvnsehooicommi t- and public, holding meetings, ' T Vi;Tr-"vI at olir last ''annual meeting," we r haVe coop byhelping.to elcctthe friends of suf- tees? woirien have been?- I crated with ailxiliary Stab societieln to the Legislature and Mto defeat its pp Quite a nuriiber-o-f frage to the - Legislatures ; of pbnents.i't eieeted County Supcrihtendents of public rdji: Mame New Hampshire cri such iclute areial ready-formeone instruction Jri Illinois andKarisas. The law r w .York, New in Dorchester, and one in Lawrence :Thus making womeu eligible to this rand other tif--f ' chusetts,; Rhode Island,-Nesy Jcrseyi ipelaware, Virginia, s !begun the seed sowing - for a "new party, fices ' connected Avith , public instruction in i South "Card jina Ken tucky Oiijo, ; India ha, by those who know that God works with Illinois, , was enacted at the instance of Hon. f those who work for principle, and that every J. B. Bradwcll Tho Supremo" Court of i ' '" ' v jaw, oi. i ue universe. is on xne siue oi inose Illinois has decidedhTirTrwiferiia3r-eo- nI Oregon and Nevada f i: tract, sue and bo sued, may earn, own and In this work Mrs. Tracy, Cu tier' rind Mr&. who side with justice. ; The Massachusetts society has circulated enjoy property on an equality ' with Jier bus i Margaret V. Longley, gave .'most effective Iv alsd:cirres-pended a ::Yl.,.. ; r;i-?and valuable service. fW have largeflumbef ; of ?iracts the past ycarahd l)and. w'ithuam embers of Ocingressi1 and added to its former list three new tracts by The Comnibnt Council of St' Louis reject- - i worked actively iddefeat the effort to merge GeoJJiHoar, W. Higginson and Mary ed the petition dl one thousand - women of-- ' to abolish; Wo- F.: Eastman. ' It is now arranging for a se- that city, asking for the repeal of an odious Wyoming in 'Colorado; and ' v.1 ' ries of Conventions to be held in most of the city ordinance by which houses of prostitu- man Siiflrage in 0tah?; u': p The Judiciary' Committee prepared' and large towns and . cities of the State, with a tion are licensed,and women subjected, legal- - jT carried throuh the United States Senate a special view' to forming Woman ly ? to tho grossest indignity. But' the Suffrage r r I bill to suppress polygamy in Utah, which Bev. Geo. i Eliot brought suit in the : courts, " y" I also prohibited8 women from Voting, and : The growth ofjiubllc sentiment in favor and obtained a decision declaring the ordi- - t J established thp- EnglisjiCominon Law con- - of the interests of Woman is steady, every nance: uncons ti tutional. It is u hderstood f that thoie who desire to continue the license -f cerni ng wives in the form it cx- - day?growlng"Wid6rinFifsi5coper' I isted at the time of the Declaration of Jn-- ; The higher education of Woman was of this sin,will appeal to the Supreme Court t The coirimonVlaw, as coii- - very ably discussed rat the,' Social Science j The circuit court' of "the state of. New I dependence. t strued at that date, gave to every husband meeting in Boston, and the subjecttwas Wk decided, in the case of Miss Anthony 'i. the "custody bf hjsAyJfd'SperhjV tfte right more widely .noticed arid considered by the and other women, who claimed their right to vote under the Fourteenth and Fifteenth j, to "give her moderate correction" tne ngnt newspaper press of the country than ever to keep her by constraint,- the right to all before. ..Perhaps the most noticeable fact on amendments, that their votes were illegal, f her money. It ioQfromthe-wif- e every this point is the, establishment of the Boston and a fine 'as imposed onf Miss Anthony. ' 7 thing, rights of person, rights of property, University on the basis of equal opportuni- Thus the law holds that toIsbe a crime, when and ili)lottedof(OierIegat bxiteVc.andef'lier ties for men'and women in all I its depart-- , done by a woman, which praisworthy with the one righ t to be main tained meritsFdurladies, who paed excellerit TJLJllb 11CI1 UU1IU UJ t AiJtl.theChrirchm I right which is accorded to idiots and town examinations, are already members or tne "ScribnwMdrithly7T wt ni far.;r-Vr'Classical cdu rse" Every r dollege or Univer and other conservative publications have i paupers. For this. enonhity Senator Frelinghuysen, si I y , wh fell ' has - ad ni itted Woman , reports lately attempted to n'viVe the fading Idea- ' . hus: of New Jersey, is especially responsible. good results, and in no instance where they of the ownership of wives by their after- kinds. But the great Methodist church has ' Under the: epvert expression, "The common have ever been admitted have women ; stricken out the word ".Sey" from iti mar- : law as it existed at the time of the adoption wards been excluded. ' of the Decliration of Independense," he I A convention! of Woman ministers was riage service, and all the Protestant sects; struck a dasUirdly blow at every right of the held In Boston last May. with very siitisfac- - except the Episcopal, are last following tho in many of our S'ates, the j married women of that Territory. The bill tory results. ' Twenty ladies were present example. And modifica-tion- s ! passed fthe Senate but was defeated in; the who had been regularly ordained; most of past year has witnessed important for wives, all in -of the property Li l House by the actiyc oppositipn- - of Mr, Sarr them are settled in charge of congregations ; geaht of. California, (now, senator, from that and are laboring with much acceptance as the direction of equality i the marriage - Nowhere has thiio been any re- - -' Statef arid by other ; representatives, so the ministers. A Woman's Peacc.Meeting was Hin- - r .1 I women of Utah 'still vote, ::, also held, about the same time; giving the verse legislation The r ligh Courtsaofwidow , havo affirmed the right of I A Memorial, in behalf of Woman Suffrage, voice and ' influence of Woman for peace. dostan to the independent use of property inherited f was preserited to the Massachusetts Legis- - Both these meetings were under the special care of Mrsl Julia Ward JIowe. . , from her deceased husband. Everywhere, iatUre,Slgnt2Uj uy uyuia Air""u;-Hl't4SV vpral Lidics are in Fuccessfui practise of spite xt ;Dr. Holland and tho Churchman," beth'B tuart Phelps, Lousia M. Alcott, Abby Is to equality of rights bet ween- W. lay arid' (nany, others;, also a Membfial the law. of--Mrs.. Hapgood Nash is the law the tendency wife, and between 'man and headed .by John M. Forbes,' In gersbll Bow partner ' her husband in Miinc; Phebe woman inand all the relations of life. . 'Louis; Iiss Hewlett in ditch. i)r.'Sdmuel O. Howe Gov. Ciaflin, Couzzins in St. Ld6k ' Coml wood Ex. in Washington,are . Lucy Stone. f and Mrs. aiairman Wm'iiOVQ uamson. ana a loner iisi. oi ivmai i.awi worthy names.' Both were refered toa joint eacn aaraiueu iu me uar m wouwu rour TSTmtIv ft vvnp.k's time lioners. iuiciiijjau. uiu col; riovntPd n law 1 are the fcP departmen t. Dental wn s" d iscussion7 arid at each siti to ' more Internal j is fetatcd, pays it Cincin and Baltimore California, in available Philadelphia, leges session the iralleries.1 aisles, and all of tho New England; ' fire than Revenue-tawomen. "7 admit ;; nati l of Repfcsenta-; standing space in the House ' ' ; Women physicians are more numerous ev- States together. men and with crowded tives were literally as successful as men.' In women, eager listeners1 to the debate. The ery year, and are of The nomination7 for thc ! vote was taken on tho game:day, and imme deed, Woman's place in the medical profesWilliams Is not popular. i diately after the vpto for the'United States sion is so well established that efforts are De Attorney-Gener- I l . I -- . ng -- ? ? school-committee- s. 5 - and-newspapers,-- by e?pe-c(aU- yt -- MvouJj -- 1' j JAisi0:Uji:il d, --- Two f -- llIinois?-IovarTMic- ; . ! . 4 :; l " 1 ?-- ' r i Pblltd ? '. j "in-whic- h - s . -- - 4 .A - : 1 ( ; ; re-lati- on. ; , ? ? ; . , " , - : Illl-nbi- s, : c.inimitt: i - '- x " . : Chlef-JuslIc-csh- al lr, 