the doctrine: while others who had belonged to the Church, but separated themselves from it before his death, declare that they forsook, him and the cause they had espoused because he taught this doctrine. He did teach and practise polygamy, and it was re ceived by many honest- - hearts through his . teaching's. The "Balance" next asks if we can tell "How Joseph Smith came to name the sect Mormons, or his bible the Book of Mormon?" Joseph, himself, under tho direction of his master, Jesus, designated his followers as "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latte- They are generally known as however, because of their be-- 1 ief in the Book of -- Mormon so written upon the plates from which Joseph .translated the work the name "Mormon among Saints." rly "Mormons, -- Worthy men should unite in marriage with leaving our explanation to the question quotho many worthy women. in the subsequent numted, which wo ' We next find the following little sentence ber, Unnoticed.- -gave It says in the "Balance," which is worthy of no"In answer to Mrs. D.'s question "Why :' tice:, ;;. religious revelations always come to men," the ' ; "Just how the apparent tangles of our earth-lif- e Exponent asks Why when .Laban gave Rawill be straigntened out, we cannot say; chel to Jacob, he did not provide another but if we seek to know thcr truthrand do the Our question here quoted, was InTernl as very best we know,not recklessly making these will more God doubtless tangles complex help an argument in part, against the absurd nous unravel them." ...v; ;.; ,.:;;;;.; tion advanced by the "New North West," God has indeed, instituted measures by that if it was right for a man to have more which all the mistakes and misunderstand- wives than one, it was also right, and as ings of His children may bo rectified. But reasonable for a woman to have more than they must diligently "seek to know the one husband. While in answer to Mrs. D.'s truth and do the very best they know. question. "Why religious revelations always The great Father has, in His infinite wis- come to men," we gave a very different dom and mercy, devised a plan of salvawhich appeared in number 9 of tho as known the tion, Everlasting Gdspel,which present volume of the Exponent. i ; ' -- - hus-bandibrJUa- h.?; V ; ..: ;; ... -- an-sw- hyL whomitheplates the were made, and the records they contained fullne3s7"an by which ail thoseTO r will listen to, and learn of Him, engraven upon themp signifying "More dren, who I&tter-daykintoy- r . er, r M the-ancientprop- hetsi PBOMJDIXIE. -- may not only be saved, but exalted in his But he will only teach, and give Speaking of "marriage for eternity,"- - our presence. them power "to. act thelabdf s they Tnust Chicago friend queries thus ; themselves: perform. We have a word to say in relation to the "Are a majority of our Mormon sisters anx-- . ious that their connubial relations should last following;- -' throughout eternity ? Would not many. of 'A lurkincrfear has always beset us that there them be glad to look forward to death as a might possibly be physiological reasons in sup blessed release ?" port of polygamy, but we are pieasea to nna a one who is regarded as a standard We believe we can safely answer the for statement by the medical world Dr. Napheys, by mer question in the affirmative; a great ma- authority A. M.. M. D., member of the Philadelphia of jority of the Mormon women prefer being Medical Society and correspondingT member auand God than of of rather law Boston, by the Gynaecological Society married by the of Life Woman" that eviof the thor sufficient be "Physical should which laws of men, The man who has several, wives has usudence. a weakly offspring, principally males. Na-tually one is which may other The question by reducing attempts to check polygamy be asked . as and of concerning number females, the failing in this, by quite appropriately we The Mormons of stock. whole wives in monogamy. In our experience, enervating the. state of Asiatic a into soon sink have seen more unhappiness in monogamic, Utah would were to they left themselves." than we have ever known in polygamic effeminancy r..;. families. Has any person, learned or otherwise, a Our friend thinks if We accept the Bible right to impose upon a world, whether ignoGood." St. George, Utah, Nov. 25th, 1873. ; li-- Dear Exponent: Our warm sunshine and balmy -- air are delightful luxuries, after returning from the busy North, with its rain, snow and pinch ing irost. And we appreciate them all tho more, si nee ou r lato return to dear, sunny Dixie, where the fragran tfilo wers; are still blooming, the hum of the beo is heard daily arid the joyous, ringing laughter of the merry-makin- g children is echped from the- hillsides, tas rosy and barefooted,they .scram- bie about in search of new pleasures and varied amusements. There are. however. five schools in our city, now, some four-o- r which captivate most of the big"llttle ones"" and make things more quiet, except at recess and noonings. Our men folks are mak ing many improvements hero this year, and the music of saw, hammer and plane echoes J : daily around us. ; ; V We have still in bloom many hardy and rant or intelligent, the vindication of a plants, such as petunias,phlox, t marigoldi, verbenas, Chinese chryanthe-- Z thingrfortruthf which he has notf carefully-tesbo to ed and proven by: bloom until Christmas. Alcorrect ? ; u': ::::. Ueither in- continue in taste for flowers is improving,' The idea that weakly offspring, though the tellectual or physical, is the result of poly- we often wonder that so many deny them gamic marriage, is repeatedly confuted by selves the pleasure of so cheap a luxury,and A few pots, or learned and intelligent people, who come one so easily attained. com-parand little boxes, a sunny place in a window; a here and witness for themselves, those with trifle or nothing for the plants, common va- the results of this system -- Dr. And again, of monogamy. Napheys rietiea)f which, any florist or gardner wilLz is certainly laboring under a sadly mistaken freely giye those wild ask; anjpnpTraayJiavq opinion when he concludes that the children flowers; and the green verdure of plants each of the polygamist are principally males. A day through tho winter:" then in spring they sight of the multitudes of young, blooming may be planted around the door for renewal, L misses who throng the Mormon communi- "A thing of beauty" and "A joy forever." ties, should bo an evidence to any one, ob- To have these floral companions is a light serving for the truth's sake, or even out of labor of love, and lovers of flowers may study their own tastes, and have the varieties curiosity, that the statement of that learned deis most they most fancy; for if out of season for the Dr., quoted by the "Balance", plants, seed of quick blooming plants may cidedly erroneous. But if examples were wanted as a proof of the fallacy of his be sown whose flowers may soon adorn their words, we need look no farther than into parlors, Jfitchens and boudoirs, and most prominent We always doubt the gentleness and .re- - , some of families of Utah, to find illustrations by finemcnt of any woman, old or young, lady which to judge. And the decision could or,liousemaid, who does not exhibit a taste not be other than that Dr. Napheys had and love for flowers: we sincerely pity chil-- r made a blunder, and that those trusting his dren, who arc raised without the daily inblessings assertions as being correct, were deceived. spiration of these heaven-sen- t headed an article Flora. the smiling flowers. And now. we comeJo "Balance" the repubwhich in "An Ally." lishes the "New North West's"' article on Susan B. Anthony and Olympia Brown polygamy, to which we referred some time announced as speakers at the Annual ; since. We were led to presume that our Convention of the Connecticut Woman -sufreplies to Mrs. Duni way were satisfactory to herself, as she has not touched the subject frage Associat ion, at New Haven..;"-- ; Mrs. Ellen S. Tuppcr of Des Moines,. ' again,to our knowledge. But tho "Balance" of the "Namake3 a mistake in one instance, which, we Iowa, "lias assumed the chargo as editor and propric- - : would hardly feel Justified in passing with- tional Bee Journal," '' ."" ; out correction. It give3 one of our answers tor. 'The women of Rochester, New York, pay to Mrs. D. in altogether a wrong s'ense,mak-jn: in reality no sense at all of it; and taxes. on seven millions of dollars. ' : , . re . -, ... . , and its doctrine, the plan of. marriage for time and for all eternity is not allowable. As Jesus answered to those who asked him concerning a certain woman who had been married to seven brothers in succession,"In heaven they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of heaven." This saying, however, is in perfect accordance with the revelations given to the Procovphet Joseph, in relation to the marriage g enant. If in heavehthere might be and giving in marriage,' there" would, be no necessity for the ceremony pronounced here to reach farther than tho extent of mortal life. But as no such ceremony can be performed there, it is vastly important that it be properly: attended to before en. . tering that sphere. a country If it might be supposed, thatwas underwas upon the earth, where it stood that to- marry wTas not possible a country most desirable as a dwelling place,: but from which no person ever could come back wrould it not look absurdly foolish for a crowd of young people, of both sexes, to emigrate thither unmarried, or united in couples by. an order which remained good only till they reached that country ? after there had been directions "sent by th e governor of the country, informbeing them of a plan by which they might come true husbands and wives, and remain so there, as .well as in the country they were leaving. And would not those who observed the instructions of the governor, if there were such, appear far more discreet in judgment than those; who did otherwise? In our estimation they -- would, even if there were many more very wise and good women than men as there certainly is in the world and if; in consequence of a commandment from the governor, the few mar-ryin- -- - Par-tifular- lv to-d- ay late-bloomi- ng -- close-observati- on e mums,-intirrhinums,t- - ? e : -- the-large- st -- a-- o ' : g, 