r ..j W 70 0 31 AN'S E X I 0 N E N T. (TT-IX-OAIUKO THE BABY. Kvor: iU about XT: thought o.,res any.hiu talODkenous continued butsho only Thine, Many mothers, do their little ones very .f and resumed her work. harm by keeping the nursery so nearly It was time to go, and Ever Thine, think- great of 7 The sufferings of children t. some misunderbeen must have there l ing the ieeblo -- constitutions are Tincreasd beond standing, determined to go roiind'hy their being kept too closely housnice little girl's, and ascertain, the cause of measureby woman a few months a Accord i ngly. she told ed. I called on poor h er none appearance. whose little baby had never been, her brother ho might go on with their since, well. The cradle stood beside a large cookthcx : with come she and tvouldv; friend, ing stove in a small, close room. Thero : company another way. room opening out ofit, was a large,-airShe called at the nice little girl's, and that must be shut up and darkened for learned that she had gone walking with a abut best room. The poor little creature in the ; : : gentleman! was drenched with; perspiration and "'"Ever Thin& was the one surprised that cradle, cries were" most' pitiful; tc hear." 1 tried its; all she went, j Rather unwillingly, evening. to impress upon the mind of the mother, alone to the place of entertainment it! better air, and of "You felt disappointed because your hat the necessity, togiving become heated, the not suffering it lThavcutno-gHooitittUK- Z with her query as soon; as she was alone )f it. house, let the family have rr brother on thehyvay home;. Do not fix. it up like a rand state room,. Hat'tn nbolarlveneTI and c that it was something of more importance tiiatmust Above-all- , . told him all when a chance" visitor calls. II U DON'T FORGET THE OLD FOLKS ' Don't ferret the bid folk?, Love tbem more arid . As thpy with unshrinhipg the "shining shore," Let youi words be tender, -Loving soft and eIo.w; best be the Let their last daya below. known they have teetr-Xeti- air-tigh- x . Don't, forget poor father, his failing sight; "With his Jocks once thick and brown, Keftnty now, and white; Though he may be childish, M:ll, do you be kind Think of him as years ago, "With his master mind. - With i: J s h ; ' -- mu&hi& 5 r h ear in 1 f J'; Avns-rmrrmh- tidn' tlie-comfb- 1, ' ' ' 'Z- Guide her gently till phe slandj .Safe at heaven's door. ; . , i.. " .: " Man. Mary Tout, Tenth WnH, ' y . r Don' t forget dear moth e r, VV4i h her iurrow'd brow, riftee-Mr and As the freeh. young snow. Are her eteps uncertain? ; . tharistnrhcdlLcn uhlesrshe -- wasn't going . about it: "EVER THINE" AGAIN. ho kq lying hat t m . f tn.fia-tnatru-r.f- e fr u m-- - -- Ever Thine thought the matter Why did he not go by himself? It wa-kind of him to ask her to go, generous of him 'to remain at home with her because didn't go. over. r "she ld rdid"Dt"fc'Gtlikir-cnoinjTrSlic-rAvou- endeavor to assist his purpose. . The following evening there wa3 to bo a little private entertainment given. Ever Thino was going, with her brother, and an elderly lady friend. That the nice little girl hadn't been invited, E ycr Thino was well aware; that her .brother' liad'no tliought of soliciting her company she also knew. She - would arrange tho matter herself without giving the hint to any one. Early on Monday morning, she tripped up to see tho nice little girl,- who, appearing to bo pleased that Ever. Thine desired her company for the evening, agreed to call at six and spend a little while before time to go. began to look for her visitor. , TwooVITiree 'times . - lifv rtTvn 1 ! 11 lfv y hJitvI f ririp r xvhn r . rnre :ur ou in!., tho Kh,,l .xran ofjr'--' Sundance ..f it vithm. U-- t U. Ami she didn't tell him.nor rtny 0:10 hc. Dear Mrs. Greene Richards.-Iiut about a week after a, tho two were If you never had a "big" brotheflyo walUng.,ohtoffether7ihT or tbr?o years older thatr yourself, i f you never was m isapprehc nd ed i n you r efforts to do a good action, never got disappointed in a secret attempt to do something you believed would be a great favor to soma one you felt indebted to and all that sort of thing then you will not be able to appreci-at- e what Ever Thine is about to tell you; but perhaps some of your readers inay. ; y Ever Thine has a big brother, who likes to call on ono of the nicest 11 tUe. girls in town. Ever Thine never betrays confidence she for the has permission to tell this story, " the own benefit of her sex, and good of big brothers in general. A few weeks since, one Sunday evening after Ward meeting Ever Thinc-was politely invited by her brother to take a walk, and call on that nice little girl. But, "too late, isn't it? and you look tired," was the brotherly excuse he formed, for her not rising readily to accompany him. They rt ' . , WsmIisMTot I 4- i s in nilin tJ t Villi happened to cross num one particle if it is well wrapped up. explain to Ever Thine, "how it was that slid baby had not called, in time, oil the evening of A Constant reader op the Exponent. r 11 1 L.JL Sugar House Warp. the entertainment. Ever Thine's brother had the good sense not to expose his ignorance of her having given the invitation, and anticipated the pleasure of the nice little girl's company. ndisQonshcypased he acknowledged that , women were on, n often misjudged, and that it was a idea that most of the mischief done in the world might be , attributed to their ceaseless prating. So Ever Thine felt consoled, for all her brother laughed as: he: recalled her anxiety and disappointment that evenmg,and how he thought it was all on account of 1 her hat And now, Ever Thine would i k e it d understood that, even a school girl can think of something besides fashion and dress.' That she can know some interesting things without talking about them. Don't imagine she spoilsxthe last part of this declaration by publishing the little secret she kept so well for a week. There still remains untold the mcst' interesting portion of the incident rtarratedfwh ich she does not v " intend to tell. CHILDREN'S MEETINGS. Being a visitor at a Relief Society meeting, held in one of our principal cities, not long since, we were very much impressed with a. little anecdote related by an Elder who was requested to address the congregation. AVe propose to give the story in the mis-tikc- ; is-tinc- --- ovr1dsnearly!aC will admit. He said: speakers ory r mem -- '. "In a little settlement called Twelve, Mile Grove, in the northern part of Illinois, for. a short where some Saints season, a band df their children got together, and were playing among themselves, when in innocent childishness one of them proposed that they "play meeting. 'V. They all concluded that they would; so oner little fellow was chosen to preside, and he called on another who opened the meeting with prayer; then they all sang some little verses of a hymn that they happened to know; were-locatc- d tly anorthatjteti) others, giving their little thoughts and testimonies as they had heard their fathers d o. After a wh i e they dismissed their meeting, appointing another time when they should meet and play it over again, resolving not to tell anybody about it. Two or three times they met and held such meetings, when the Spirit of the Lord was poured out upon them to such a degree that some of them received the gifts of speaking in tongues, and prophecy; and others having thegift of interpretation, arose and interpreted what had been said; the! rere mad e ..so glad and full that they had to manifest it at home, and bear testimo ny t o t heir par en ts of what they had done and what the Lord had done up and spoke Ever Thine. -' . i to-th- o : 1 In the Gulf of Manaar (Ceylon) turtles are uently found of such a size as to measure five feet in length- - SirEmerson Tennant states tha. t, in riding along - the one day, he saw a man in charge of some sheep, who was resting under the shade of a turtle shell which he had erected on sticks to shield him from the rays of the sun. sea-sho- ; re .' . . King Louis of Bavariavho subscribed 1 ,000 florins for a monument to Baron Lie-biwas, in spite of the difference in their y earsr an i nti mate friend and mienthusiasr tic admirer of the Baron. The young - .. nslio wento thcnvinddWT-- "You expect the wo hi n n to brin g your monarch often spent wholovcnlng3witTi for them." The. speaker asked, why in these days, new hat this evening don't ycu?" enquired the distinguished Scientist, listening to his : a most conversation docile like our children- should hot be encouraged to. pupil. .h cr brother. Ever Thine .said. she did, and as she thought of the smiled living God, in A tired woman said something the like inauncr, that they might receive such pleasant surprise wliich awaited him. Half past mx and at la: seven o'clock other day about, her hard lot, in the blessings, and learn to know the Lord .for . came, lmt the nice little girl didn't. JA'cr presence of a gentleman who enquired how! themselves. Thine became uneasy, and went often to many acres nor .lot containea. iJio v.oman.i A man, on his dving bed, re- neijraska look up the street. ; .some rcprretl tnat snc (lid not consnler her s iiiore membercd that his wife was "Never mind, if your hat don't come, than a half "lot," but as her head and back hams iuul he said: "Now smoking don't Henrietta, don't vrorry about it." Said her brother Doin acnea, sue it contained at; go to snutlling around and fonref "them consolingly. "0! bother to the hat, who present lumit two "aehcrs." ham.g, ithprtojnJ(Hin ' - : pray-and-sing-prai- .to..-hersel- scs - to-the v ' ; j a rec-cone- . - ' ii . l. ' ' I i 4 - 