hfSTORrMSOmCE. Saints. of Latter-da-y -' ' W0M AX'S E X I' 0 N E N T . the most nding, riding o URiglngJhirothK4a.do0, omnibuses and coaches; while others, seated all of them oik drill, which satisfied my. trifling articles which their fancies demand on rustic benbhes, formed to corresioiutto curiositj'. Wo thought ,tho.e in Berlin, TJien, these seeming household treasures, which should be real ones, are rarely taught 1 theurroumjing social chat under shade of waving branches, and more particularly than those we saw in to imagine they might assist in earning or ' It was truly delightful; and- -I thought that Italy; but these Hamburgs are certainly manufacturing portions of their mostneces-sar- y and Salt Lake Cityvvithjtssamplostreets, more of the Goliath, .stamp, the tallest clothing. rSaid7an-extravagabeautiful streamlets and the many ad vantages and stoutest military I ever saw., Their inconsiderate mother a few years ago when : it possesses, is quite deficient in this respect costume is of Prussian style. K: her husband was thought to bo well off, needs1 it greatly cultivated public grounds have continued to notlce the size of the ; "I don t wa n t my gi rl to 1 earn to knit ; i not only as being ornamental, but also of parts of the city, where we have her father lias but the one' daughter anCif peopjejnjdl . she "can go been, and the same characteristic, prevails. he! can't keep her i n stockings reaiuiuiij. ' ' One of the stormy, days, we visited the I made mention of it to a lady of much wifhout.' ; v:' - grart" German-Parliamisl the nd:th oninion is observation her and travel vvaspokm seven to her tailed ;and this but year old daughter distinetion,she same; why 5 war pelebrity, loth mem- - comprehends AVe saw ho reason wiry this Whether that daughter has bers of Pari lanient, amUiaye seats near each city should promote an extra, i n t he rqwth stockings since ornoit7does notihatter '.;:'' other. Wo 'also 'saw tir.4 Sehleiden whom n'f hiimnrm s, . v i that 'theTamily has seen very but a' truth is " met we in New York. The Parliament land of iiarcl tiines, and areT still miserably poor ; The continent of lEurppej is TJIouse Isiiot so large as tlie one occupied by soldiers. we have, seen : so many. that. we while the girl, a, young woman now, is an v theFrencli become. accustomed to thr sight; lait idle, selfish and unloveable creature. snowed a luller attendance than when we the reflection that the nations are training If we ant our daughters to become visited the latter. The gallery Avas crowded lor iwar, awakens atiall times, a painful seril ainiahlerefinedjseii with spectators, both gentlemen and, ladies, sation While the latter-da- y Saints are A'bmenweriustgiy rat: --- . nt i ; 'fir : J ; f ; ent, ;"': -- eouH-Bisraar- t - Fmnco-Prussiah- gone-witho- ut -- , " , . , trooTnhiclrt(raectrsTO them to be industrious and orderly thelattcrrby4hexprgsion,of manifesting leep !Mfore; ne in tfell igence, and they will find little time to'run wild! aft President-Smithhaving, received through and"lessTsire' ' "' MlGNONlA. the 6nferdnCe,Mirmte official information 0f! his: appointment as Trustee-in-trus- t, and i;WTER rFR03l feelinganxiousVto fufilTany obligation, lias relinquished his projected tour to Russia, comprehending the dialect, could not decide' on their merits. of the I much admire Prussian ladies. Generally speaking, they exhibit: the most womanly good sense in t: i their habi tsa nd to value the wort h of genu-- i bu hmtlyrtortwo-cariiestspeeehcs- the-appeara- JMrtvleoMr 1 (, , A . T J 1 ' ELAT): i .whidiwiUiadlitate Quicxetu?!.lDD:th"efrouM , after Crossing the Atlantic," my brpther and oif ine A ; ' nco seen mr several years 4asi. in spue prohibition against fudging froriV'' appear i ii ! j anticipate spending a : ttew j days, with pur IaNCII ESTKK, EXCJ LAN t, May th, 1873 Beloved Sister: I feet that I must -- thank you for all-tgood you have don e for all the happi ness and pleasure rerence, after which, vj shall sail as sxon as riieV and 'i '!! iriiave received from the perusal of your ;7 practicable. nn) j i; Eliza Jl. xow.,1 valuable papier. It has been a source of great joy to me; I may almost say a friend r and companion since I have received it. I i THE GIRLS. i i impression with regard to the interior; and inasmuch as dress is acknowledged to be a legitimate inaexto tneininti, i leei autnor-izeu to pronounce in iavor oi tnese uerman ladies that they are truly worthy of being the mothers, wives, and daughters of the ho i , , 'ly, -- t - J ? .SI'S. ; ; better daughter, a better .sister, a better 8aiht and a firmer friend than I was Prussian-Germa- n Empire, whom I saw every J .It is' a verity that will not admit bC bein before, It has given me a wish to be, and dayJn full uniform marching past my hotel, remembered jliut once in .a wliilej that the to do, spjriei hing for the work in wh ich all 6'; romp 'about our .hopes are cenfered. Sometimes when I by thousands.' These ladies' dress with winsoine Tiwee "lassiesV-y in their bibs' .andllmritelets Xvill' uuuK oi i ne taste, and dress well, Wit with les disfigurexamples w e young sisters nave 6f' Wives' m& set us inJhanJltshionables do elsevhere, and in shortly fill tlie positions some oi our Deioveaanti nowe-siste' iy r V T V f'VT appearance are genteel, dignified and grace- mothers, 1 feel .that' we ought to profit by ful. I have, here, seen scores of plain dress ,t So much is truthfully said about the tliem more than some'of us do. We can do fiishiohable but little in" skirts worn by ladies apparently of the first frivpIities andvpHhleslne. comparison, 'tis .trup; still you class in society." Good sense is also com- - young? aclies'.!( ot :I the'Vdayi'thaTpne, 'can would say, V do all tlie gooft you possibined with taste? ip tho fashion of the ladies' scarcely wontlei at most parents feeling bly can" in, yoiir sphere and' you will .be riding suit. The. skirt is what Webster half .disappointed when a. hew member is blessecm. I wish your paper could be 'as would have called "a sort of betweenity,V introduced.to the family, circle and does not extensively circulated and read here, among in length, betwepi the short, and i lie very happen to be ' of the? boy persuaf ioii. ; But our sisters, as at home. It would, I am sure, iri how is worn' in at.ivho roost mi vain th6 lault after, AmerlcajNvhich is; all, long danger beprpfiiicjiy from the horses' feet. The riding hat is the and senseless lives of so many pf tha Avomeii brethren and the sisters. I feel I can never Siime as the gentlemen wear crown of of the ?,19thY .century? be sufficiently grateful to my friend through medium height between tho stovepipe and daughters first imbibe their, . foolish fascftia whose thoughtful kindness I receive it so fo atately-appeartithem thoflatwhiclirgives ancc.y isui enougn aDoui aressi( , uispiay in, uress; tneir almost excusaoiei x was one of a few to whom was granted , :,un tne latn.we leic xiotei itoyai, ana oy tnpugn seinsn amDition to rivai eacn otner j 'th,e 'pleasure of an' introduction to our uou smues saui loiiuiiiicin uie iu arrived aiienuou xiaiuuurif uruiu. evening'. mutual sister, Miss Eliza R. Snow. It was auracuujr This is an independent city, the i great com- - and words of flattery and cdnsideratiou;, and a piyilege tliat aI , greatlyappreciate,.and raereiai-eentrer harbor theirf manifcst inclinations to ldiehess though I only saw her during her short ' - contains an immense amount of shipping, wanton, careless exercise?. AVliere is the visit in Liverpool, I should, did I never see jstauiK?!, have been fathjetj a. ? l to-da- , , 1 , f - . . -- r on t ; 1 , -i- : and its railroad trains seem to movo in . 1 A! J.! uireciiou- aii is sur::- - ana aiiuosi every.. i.ll bustle. HamhUrgi is certainly a live city, and some jiortiQns of to It was late in.the. evening Avhen we arrived, but this morning, when I looked oiit froni one of myl windows whichl' com- manus a- - good view ot ; several ' much ire- uenteo! jwalksi;' I vas struck with ; the uncommon size of the peoplethey seemed so very large--bot- h ihen'and women, young and old. - After? noticing. them at different -- I remarked that .rlr never saw so Uniformly largo people, (and that I would T.liko to sea- the Hamburg soldierj This forenoon we took a. ride through the citv and judicious mother true, industrious good, ' ' "L' 1 'f l" it. kf'l ,wiip gives, to society jine ,t eucuiiiuaiuce oi a Wo silly, flirting, Hishionable "daughter? ' ' " find none such. . become a common rule with, mo- , It lias thers to foster in the minds of their little . - 1 A : - . ' 1 1 'L -1 A.- , , ;: herjagaitiialways femember her with love and veneration. I went with President Carring-to- h and- - a few others to the station, and tWheuXVsiiw iier antt-partleave en - route for iiondon,.! felt as lonely as if I had known her for years, r AVith ki nd love to you rse.lf.7ahd all o u r dear sisters in Utah, and best wishes for tho Exponent, which I sincerely pray may continue to increase in circulation, and hoping that it may 'do all the good I know you wislu-i- t to, I remainyourgmteful and affectionate . sister , y V:--. daughters the belief that to dress richly and oe pert ana taiKative are tne cmei means ot ' be the winning attraction, which must ' " ' princpai aim of their existence. Nor are .mothers alone to blame in the making of these general mistakes. Well-timeo lathers take pride themselves in rioting the pleasure, with which their bright, . A. J. S('IIOFIELI). . little will array vivacious, witching darlings nnd nnd . iT 'is reiwrted that most of the vines in in tho latest, stvles -' themsplvns Ypf V " andlmy wish, was; gratified.- .Hamburg has humor instead of correcting their childish ' Ihirgundy and Bordeaux have been frozen, but two thousand; and in passing the parade vanities,- - by purchasing for them, or en-- 1 but New Jersey cider is still plenty. s -- . s, to-d- 5 : - - I " M- rs, i 