a- -J- W.O)lAN!S EXPONENT. IFcr the ; TO Export. THE SISTERS OP. THE BELIEF SO CIETY. yet look as Tilwrias, a small town situated on the sea clean as though' the sod of earth was not shore. As I walked along the ed go x)f; the v y. v i'adhCSive. 'C water, a young; daughter ot Judahcamc But a spectacle of a different kind was pre filled a largo eaithen jar with selited before mo while at "Nazareth;- A it on her head, according, to. the wo do on chairs and sofas, , and : ' -- : - r ced sea-water-pla- Sisters let's bo up and doing, all our hands may iina to do, Let us to the world be proving, to out' trust wo cn ! hshorfIsianco'' froiSToifr encampment, were usual custom , and star teuTtiotn ev lromptcd: a large company T)fArmen ians on pilgrim- Iy lief gracious and friendly greeting, JT THs no light or tricing duty, 'tis no empty nanio vre age to Jerusalem, some of them partially followed, and by signs (llow mucJiootner bear, others tho tented in under grouped squads that confounding at Babel The poor, the lame, the distant Saint?, too, of our at of rocks tho shelter precarious made her; understand that I wished to projecting lime muse nave a snare. foot of a ledge that lined the mountain side. accompany her home. !'' She seemed pleased; the while us not Let sit idly dreaming, precious They, were forty days from Armenia: and on entering, set her jug down in the v Dy, was deplorable.LjPrompied front room, and leading-th- e jnpurspass -- vay into the " Life with duties now is teemingletthejni not neglected tkefmppearanca th byympathy and 'curiosityJwalked secoudiand only remaining one which was Let us seek the poor and needy, do them all the good into their midst and the closer view in parlor, sitting and sleeping room, as I under creased my heart ache for poor degraded stood by being shown where the mats for Knowing though each hour is needed, life at best is introaucea me humanity! 01d middle aged, and young, lodging were depasited-s- he . out a span. to the little infant, miserably clad, to an elderly woman who received me very )wn Let us eeek to know each member, what they have, and truly the personification of filth. The cordially. The room was very small and and what they need, was a sad picture, for the expression of spread ;with i rush or: flag rugs oyer neatly Not alone their earthljr comforts but to mental wants sight their faces correspondedjwith thelroutward the earth lloorTho two Jewesses motioneci give heed; ar condition. Their cooking utensils were few for me to follow them through a small open'Some there are though having plenty, yet stretched on beds of nain. and simple, and what I saw of their food, tho only one except the door into a ishing in their hours of anguish, some kind friend seemed less comfortable and sufficient than ing little garden containing a few "potatoes," would ' coma again;" their clothing. But, whatever might have one. or two lowrtreesa few slirubs, mint, and etc. I hadomeipretty .And by word&of love, and kindncs?, whilo the heavy ejnf37djff ; i. these hours awav. poor Armenians Held one hand," which "the young" lady threw down Draw their thoughts froni e.arth. to heaven, till the, motives, common .. with us we were coming very significantly, at the same time plucking " uove ui direct in .13. peace noius sway. v It is thought a noble action, aiding sunorers in dis from theyjwera going to Jerusalem. and presenting me green branches fromrthe .. tress. , Monday morning, the 10th of March, we most floulishlnnTshrub in the yard to thisr And to sooth the sick with kindness should be viewed left Nazarethi passing over the rhills and although destitute of fruit and flowers, they as nothiog less. plains of Galilee; saw many of r the wander- seemed to attach a great deal of consequence. Every good and worthy offering, always brings its ing Arabs, or Bedouins, who live in movable The garden; or yard. had. no egress but the own reward, habitations, and change fromplaccLiio pIacei "Every kind act to my brethren, is done to me," as suits convenience, for grazing and agri we crawled back into the House, wnen me saith Christ the Lord. Let us ever strive indTootstep-of-tpure cultural purposes. Many of them have large young Jewess took me across the street into and true, herds of sheep, goats and cattle; cultivate another house where we found a neatly That the light of God'i good Spirit, may illunie life's the ground to some extent; and raise wheat, dressed Jewess, with but one room, and I journey through. d barley, beans, and sometimes other vege- think at least of that j was, appro Mks. A. Basdall. SrAKisn Fobk? .April 22nd, 1873. . tables. Their houses, or rather tents, are priated to; donkeys, their portion being - ' construe ted " of flags made i uto long plats, defined by a narrow ditch, which served as CORRESPONDENCE OF MISS SNOW. similar to rush window, blinds, but of a much a trough, in which they were feeding. She coarser and stronger texture, and sufficiently was an infant, and rising, saluted wide for the height of the building. These me tending Damascus, Syeia, March 17, 1873. politely and urged me to occupy' her Editor "Woman's Exponent: are set upright in a square form or other stool which was the only seat present. The In my last I left you at Nazareth. Our wise to suit the taste or convenience of the floor was hard, smooth ground; destitute of encampment was near a Greek uhurcli, and. occupants, and covered with 'a very coarse carpet or rug an iron tripod about five the next day being Sunday, soon after sun- kind of haircloth Which is said to be imper- inches high was standing over a fire m tne rise, I strolled in the direction, and seeing vious to water. -- These tents can be taken ady's portion of the roomr on wliicii some-the people gathering, went in where a large down at pleasure and rolled in packages for hinerwas boiling: and, although whatever congregation appeared devoutly worshiping. transit. Sometimes large villages are built smoke existed, must have circulated through Unlike the Roman, the Greek Catholics in this manner; we passed through one, he room, it was not perceptible, uespite perform their services in the language un- quite extensive, with some of these build- all of the peculiarities, there was an order derstood by the people, in modern Greek, ings in course of erection. I noticed several and an air "of neatness in this house that and tho difference in effect is strikingly large ones that were connected together in surprised me. I give these descripvisible in tho countenances of the congrega line, making a long row, in front of which really 10ns as samples these houses appearing iq ... tion After listening some time to services, arid re several large soup kettles, the be about the type. The population to me unintelligible witnessing the usual apartments seemed to be filled with occupants of Tiberias isaverage mostly Jews, and it has the ceremonies of kissing the picture I of J esus indicated community- distinguishingihonorof being zthelenesjt;-- : eveirappearance and his mother sprinkling with "Holy style of living. X was quite amused ivith a own in Palestine. .. water" and kneeling and bowing before the churning operation. The cream or milk, The next day President Smith, Professor cross; and seeing no one but myself in whichever it -- might- be. was confined in a two foreign costume, lest my presence should goat skin which; was placed on a rudely Carrington, brother Jennings and be iutrusiverl withdrew, feeling thankful constructed swing, out of doors, and a American gentlemen traveling witn us, on the sea. were. to God for the gifts and ordinances of the woman was keeping it in motion, Ixick and Wishing to enjoy a boat-rid- e Everlasting Gospel particularly that of forth. Tliese Arabs are appare ntly of a rowed across to the mouth of the Jordan, lower.,' grade, and are much less jcleajajyin j unposed to have been near the locality of ptismJiprthdfiau,-.,.-In my preceding letter I mentioned the appearance than those who live in mud ChSrazin and; Bethsaidanw preferred Tiding ou horsebacK to dirty streets and dreary houses of this city; huts. In going by rail from Alexandria to he party of destination,f occupying two and while in the church, I noticed as, I Cairo, we found the country dotted with the place have frequently done, what seems to be mud towns and villages. We passed hours along the' sea side. AVe passed the a general characteristic, i. e., the appearance through one of very small extent, said to ruins of Magdala, saitltobe the place where of personal cleanliness being in contrast contain twenty thousand inhabitants. It is Mary Magdalene' formerly lived, and" pre-- ; with the in tolerably negligent and u ncom to eo how compactly these ceded the boaters nearly four hours. In fortable looking houses tho people occupy ; people are "stowed in their small houses, and the mean time, Miss Little and myself took e Walk in search of shells for - our this with both Turks and Arabs, but how closely the houses are huddled togetner. a the particularly the latter. I "have, in a "great I now leave you on the beautiful Sea of friends at home; but after promenading fora-long many instances, seen men dressed in white Galilee a place of more than ordinarv in- - shore and scrutinizing the water's edge from the waist to the ancle; and women from terestin Bible history. distance, pronounced it a. failure ' the top of the head to the feet (and it was returned to camp, Eliza R. Snow.. selected a few pebbles and -- 'r tired, if not fatigued. ' really white) come out of the most untidy and forbidding appearing dwellings; huts Of the Sea of Galilee, I shall probably say Bkyiiout, 3Iarch 21, 1 873. for small a made of mud with more hereafter. At this point the opening Editor Woman's Exponent: windowsand without entrance, Aside from the deep interest with which Mount Hermon is in plain sight, entirely women sacred history clothes tlie'Sea of Galilee, it the spur of Which" we traveled "over on the :groups"bf on the ground, which they do as readily as is beautiful. vc camped wi thin the walls of 14th after encamping at Banias, the ancient " . . has-occasioned- i . . -- -- " . . - . y wiid-jabersiFm- 1 - - - - t. W i. : .; to-w- alk he one-thir- " . -- L -- , . A very-surprisin- M W : g . sea-sid- : snow-crown- ed i 