mi inn iiwiinr V FLOWERS.- iw mi in mi E QM A Nf-- ,.r.; XP ONEN .... . "I .11. ,'i .. . it .. i" ' in r "' " , """I -j T. P UKNISII TRUE LOVE. - ' Never be ashamed of over havinsrvi ldved any Civility.1 costs nothing anil buys every I would one. If perchance you have hated, then blush ' thing Do not metldlc with business you know for it, but not for love. It doesiot matter Parlor and at all whether the person on whom your nothing1 of. - YOUR 1 1 OM 1 X advise tho Ladies who want to buy fine Bed-roo- Sets of furnituro tocnll and m . the examino the immenso stock kept by manufactures flourish, land and affections, fixed themselves reciprocated sentiment. Where there is no shame in its products are most valuable. lovinsr. in itself, the fact of having criven II. DINWOODEY, Every man! complains of hisrinemory, love without reward can brincr none with it but no man complains of his j udgement. Vnn hn'vA nnlv hpsrmvnil ft fr'ift mom nrife- At No. 31, ITalt"TeTlo"Street, and Wo. 75, Hrsi Keep good company and let not your iess than any jewel can be, upon one who South Street. , associates have cause to shun or be ashamed did not thank you. , of 3'ou. Since there is sorrow to one's self in it, Nothing condemns more powerfully the it is best to struererie wan tno neart, ana violence of the wicked than the moderation keep it until it is- - asked for: but if it goes H. WALLACE of the good. Has the best, largest and purest .stock of confec forth, despite all effort, there is no need to to a feel hide and like long guilty thing, It is with our judgments as with our from in Salt Lake city. Just the. place for ladies crave you tionary self. Providence your very watches, none go just alike, yet each be that great love, and I. believe that somehow to purchase. lieves his own. if will mincrle with the life it hovers over. : The first ingredient in conversation is and shed a perfume and lend a sweetness to cx M. L truth, the next good sense, the third good r has never been spoken. it, though it humor, and the fourth wit. ftETAJL Dry Goods Department. iHanyavdmanlifeliasshri Carefully, avoid vices which most undertheveightfdisappoiutetl love resemble virtue; they are a thousand times merely becaue iiershame-i-n it wasso great. .To ra cet t he mostensnaring of all vices. theJein and of anincretw i g - bnsln eaa - wer The ..false, senUmentrtlm 3tCANiiOfi '$ome people .may be compared scorn a natural feeling has worn her beauty to barley-suga- r drops in which the acid away, and robbed her of all hope in the have added an essential addition tooui' preponderates over the sweetness. presence of the future. I think it would be Serenity of mind is nothinsr woith. better if even a woman dared to saw 'I It O O M , unless it has been earned; a man should le loved him but he did not love me," with at once susceptible of passions, and able to the same sweet sadness which, when vears most economical buyer can be suited." subdue them. have glided by. she can utter the words. "I wherein the i. : NATUiiiHs very careful to provide against loved h i ntf and he d i ed. It is our highest ambition to suit our various visitants In the moral world it is the scarcity. same. Goodness and beautv at Rich and purchasers, and to display our varietl fabriej lie think Miss Van Lew. the nostmistress v j. around us, in spite of sin, and sorrow, and mond,hasagain run the gauntlet of criticism. wrong of all ki nds. and been confirmed by the Senate. There regardless of purcbaso. Man is like a snowixill. Leave him lying was a strong effort on the part of the politi in idleness agiiinstthe sunny face of pros cians, who coveted so good a place for them This departnieht aims to suit the demands of all perity, and all the; good that is in him melts selves, to prevents tier appointment ana like fresh butter in the dog days; but kick a fter ward to defeat her in the Senate, bu t whether in Jinn around, and he gather.; strength at the President insisted on appointing her on two grounds, that she crave important DOM ESTIC OK FANCY DRK.S every revolution. (iOOH, to information our siesre the of army during . oi uomestic juuuuauoii is 'ftiith in the virtue of woman; nappiness the founda- - Richmond, and that she made a good oflieer. either by the yard or piece. uon oi political happiness is confidence in Clara Louise Kellogsr d id a ereiierous II. B; CLAWSON, 8up'L the integrity of man; the foundation of all thing at the Continental Hotel in Philadel happiness, temporal and eternal, is reliance phia, the other night. Havinga spare hour, uh iiie gwuness oi uod. she invited the hired help about the house. NEW CLUB RATES. "The angels are beautiful because thev who could be spared from their duties, to nnrl are gootl," and there is no true, enduring assemble in the ladies' dinin?-roothen she for and them a choice played sang inauiy mat comes not from goodness shinselection of best her pieces, interspersing a Determined that nothing shall be ing through the soul's faen nnd form. n wanting on tho home-lighgleam out through the night's number ot Irish ballads and negro minstrel part of the Publisher?, to increase the circu'ation "f nnxxiiiig .snauows, to tell of all that home melodies. The servants enfoved it. all over. the and Miss Kellogg is sure of Eipokknt and aid in promoting th e objects conmeans to the weary and hungry of heart. attendance Where w - LB- ' 7 - , Z: ! RET AIL -- 1 -- m; ts d Txi6uc!H45ometimes Visible insects, inflict inJicautureYisit&atUie-Continentnl.- templated inits:publica Asiatic men verily believe that chaos exponent Xil the views of the women of Utah, sus-- : min. and n sino-ihair may stop a vast machine, yet the chief would come if women were al lowed to tained by them, read by them, and its cidutuns oi comiort lies in not suffering trifles abroad with uncovered faces: but the ex enriche l with a widely circulate.! expression of their to vex one, and in prudently cultivating an periment has long been tried in Kurone and thoughts, we offer the follow ng terms t clubs, so as undergrowth of small ideasures. sinro America without producing any alarming to prepare for increasing the value an.fimnnk,.a..f very few great ones, alas! are let on long results, it was ..thought in .old .times, that the with the beginning of the next voluiai ,r-. leases. public speaking would be fatal to the useful which Urger subscription Ut will enable U9 bi d great a :lesire to leaso will often uess anamodesty- or- - women, - bu t the 10 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the gelur a give person the apitearanee of being-botQuakers long, ago settled that niiestion. of the club $ia 00 ueceittul and insipid; while nerfect indimr Their women have always been as free to 15 up 1 with a to copie?, iIib year, copy getter ence to the of- as smaUevils,-liko-ir-i2 - o e--o M-cr- pa-e- -- --r.- : r . - TJ. . others will make one preach opinion their men, and are seem boorish and hateful: but nn Pvon lor tlieir personal modesty :and household pre-emine- nt - ; thrift; s,1Vtforward,indein(le a . upoituociuD 20 copies, . -- - - . - year, with a copy to the getter up oi me ciud ana a iramed nfrrt ing, 12xlC inches, of Prepident Brigham 1 ir ' ' i 1 - generous appreciation of the gcwKl feelings Young, selling price, 2 60 34 CO oi mauKimj, never fails to win IIOUSKIIOLD TREASURE. 1 30 with rtpwtj a to ear, copie?, the copy getter j and friendship. ciud, and a superior Brt pr.ot', upouutt sifel engraving of President Urigham shouM havo h Wn.i, MHcliii; The number of persons run over in the Kvery Faiii'ly loung. Handsomely framed, gelling r,d thf;rb is none boU a ?xd we streets of Paris averages 1 KM "annually. Iniiltfully $4 price 43 (O and earnestly consider, hiving had in Clubs experipnre can be tim-; commenced at an.y s The greatest cataract in the world is the working and taken pains in and can be made after the 'first lut nf n.inai h observing fcveral kinds, Falls of Niagara, where the water from tho as the TtLitoRirn Wasdino Maciiin, which h been sent... Monev can be remitted bv TPtrUi(rtA laff great upper lakes forms a river three quar-ters- manufacturi'.! in this city, and iold .i n.. by George G risk of the a mile in Width, and then, leino ., publishers. to whom all orders concerning it should be We hone . ladies throughout tha suddenly contracted, plunges over the rocks addressed, "P. O. Box 474, Salt im- f vs Lake 'City." Presidents and the ly r.mflliof SpprftariPa v;.n,. in two columns, to the depth of one hundred We take Dleasura in rpiftmmAnHm( iMo will endeavor to cet un ciub.L and (ht i :i i totne ladie of Utah, and advise them to provo its stitute and seventy feet each! themselves agents' for the extension of the and superiority by it. eon-fiden- ce rif add'i-ion- u.-A- ... of od-dar- - ..., d; ; TAi-riin- nr-v:- purchasing using -. r w 1! no ii ...j 