I i I W RULES OF CONVERSATION FOR ' I YOUNG LADIES. K X PONE NT. out on the irrass, and provisions- spread 4 We had oloriom ap overvthinerr was elenant. j too. and the collation was svlenduL petites. ana put us au m line spirit :.V CONTINUED M 11 A ,. AT iC"HULJIIlt!Il SUUL' Besides all tills niorai eVii attendant on a habit of exaggeration, it is a great mistake - n i . a r fnv fcM Tin ac n flmf J f uu.u.vo wri'" or that pciou mure itadds to the importance agreeable, of her statements. The value of a person's taViitla tar nafnrtnt'HAt-K.1in-e 1 II 1111 V '' i h . ULr. 1 .. 4- - .rm UUl UUU BUUK such a dreadful sentimental one, and to such a horrid, doleful tune, it made Us all miser able. fjo, then, "we broke up, and had a spUndid time packing away the tjiing Such -r SCRAPS. - - 3 tv-- OMAN'S fond. he says, she is r aways associated in his mind with a bill. i"0, jiAMitA," cried a little girl, in ecstacy with her first French doll, "I'm just full and L wish I'd hurry and grow bigger, so I could be happier !" The word love in one of our Indian dialects is "ehemlendainaoughkanagogager." n telling her Just: fancy a sWeet brave that she chemlendam. copper-colore- d "Birdie" is what a young husband 1 : with laughing funl I almost killed mvself ? and we broke half the things But the ride them. "Hike it much' "it is Well done' home was the most splendid of all; we arriv will mean as much in some mouths, as "I ed at the top of the hill just in time to am infinitely delighted with the the most alorious sunset I ever beheld;" most" exquisite thing you everiyi'Tis saw." will in In this short account, the word "glorious" aoughkanagogagers himi t others. Such large abatements are necessa- is used five times, and in all but the last it A man in Jersey City is reputed to be so for made statements the of these romanrily is rosslv misaDnlied: tlie same is the case witty that his wife manufactures alt the butsi si ttnvV.ntf t ri HT if 12 it cers, that they really gain nothing in the tT5 it v ter which the family use from the cream of endutfind-t- t liia creuence ior m mucn as is reauy true; equally inapplicable to horses and cold pro A minister at a marriage, said to a farm- wnereas, a person wno is naonuaiiy soDer visions Yet this stvle or conversing: is so mucins and discriminating in the use of languagej-- tommon, that it hardly arrests the attention er. "Uur oiht occupations represent tie. I (Utility.) will not only .inspire confidence, but be able of many who. nevertheless, would condemn excellence Oflife. vYouTill, i .if it io prouuee a great enectjioy tne A mendicant in New Orleans poked out occasional it at once if thev thoucrht at all about i "J: f ladv who refused to tri ve him '1: 'J..: .use ora'su p rtTi'M verFi delitr ed. l to be contin was are indispensable in, a narrative, and the alms; and 'the justice before whom-h- e moveu abit oexaggemtinMtr taken wanted to know if his counsel FLAY. ' accurate observation and recollection, which for a new trialr'--wouIdTender th i i tar v ereni us gi ves- -i t. as h A nstead of trying to embellish her account Nothing can be more cruel and nothing opinion that the, only difference between the n wifH flip frn!fa itf her vnnnrr w v.. more foolish than to place children where plan of a battle-fiel- d and a roasted pippin isa "t, p and tne otner lady possessed the power of seizing upon they must be dressed every day in fresh arid that the one is a ".. the points best worth describing, and could fashionable clothes, and their freedom to warmiap-plKiu an caav;i wcoum mciii, one uuiu ue piay curtaiieu ior tne sane oi appearances, A juvenile correspondent wants to knowr far more entertaining than any exaggeration What childhood needs is perfect freedom which' is the oldest: Miss Ann Tiquity Hiss nitXJv. v to freedom nature iiu luiiiitiice line among the things iici j iui iucic is tuuiu Ann TeriorMiss Ann Cestor, Miss Ann T.- .. CJ... of that of real li fe; and no imagi nings of an romp, to make mud-pieto leap fehceSj to jCedent, or old Aunty BHuvlan; whichnjm inexperienced girl can equal in piquancy row, to fish, to climb trees, to chase ,butter-flie- the siirnatures accompanying the valentines the sceries ahd characters that are every day to gather wild flowers, to live out doors se'nttb an old bachelor last leap year. - They Ella Gance; presented to our view. Extravagant expres-sion- s from morning until night, and to do all wreIiss Jennie aosity,-Hisare sometimes resorted to, in order to those things that innocent and health child- Miss Maggie Zine, and Miss Mattie JSaj'. atone for deficiencies of memory and obser hood delights in, in cheap, strongr clothes rTiiE Mlowiritr bit of and : devation; but thej will never .... hide such provided for the purpose. Exactly that from a New York fppfa find n TinhifnnT' iifi. nf tlipm lnppr whinh eh lldhoott needs, manhood and wo- - wonderfui(!) clipped will be of interest (?V to some la the tone of the mind, and leads to other de- - manhood need perfect liberty, and perfect dles Of this city: "A' report from Salt Lake viations from the .simplicity, of truth and carelessness at times. So, whether the dwel- - CM v cqv that Heorp'o O. Cannon. the L tali nature. summer for his ler by the sea, go inland play, to Congress has secre tly securea Another way of falsifying a narrative, is 0r the resident of the inland city go to the delegate divorces from his three .wives." by taking for granted what you do not know, sea, he should seek some spot unyoked by and speaking of it as if you did, :This jump those devoted to fashionable display, and . A letter recently paased thrtugii somo of this Territory, ihg at coiicrusions employ his time in unrestricted communion brthtJouthern postoflices for reports, and does great rniSchlef in the with nature, and in those pursuits and with the follow ing inscription, evidently : the benefit of postmasters: one imagine that she is wdlkl amusements which, without --let or hh world. Let-n- You rascal," pass th is letter by, There's ing conscientiously, who is-- riot in the habit of m ranee, perform the office of recreation. a fly; It only asks a loan in sne wnat nothing between, niceiy discriminating -g n0 jyQ cF ahd wliatshf onlj again Jbaslgo The letter reached its; destined place in to bo such. Some girls, without, any wish to exagerate7 con tracta habit of using cergood time, and the recipient found,on its tain forcible ; expressions, on all "occasions, "You may depend on others for daily sup- arrival, that some 'appreciative: postmaster ' great and small, ( and consequently make port.- Your household duties or business af- liad replied to the above as follows:an The writer of this letter merits, empty some very absurd speeches. . A young lady, fairs may be left to the care of others. Exor something worse, for example, told u? she was "passibnatdy penses and toil and all responsibilities may purse, Himself a rascal won a t re acn us uesti- fond of embroidery." She; had used the hi Ahirkfid. and left for Others to attend to. To think such thing word in tire sense of very, till she had lost all But if you would become any thing of your- natiom Deserves to be doomed to conflagra self, if you would have a bright and honor- tion! perception of its true meaning. a pure and irreproachable characThereent'use xif some favpnte'ordor able name,can only be secured toyOu by your TWO SIDES, defect" in i conversation, ter, these phrase is e heof We read and can only be guarded against by Tasking own exertions. men. No hero ever When roes, of your friends to point it Out1 timid, delicate, soft, existed who did not; by his own self-wi-ll ever they pfeeryejta h called feminine or woinefficient is and noble : silly ear, having become- - accustomed to it, may a ml personal endeavors,: perform the No manish, while" all things strong, noble, -- not detect applyLthe epi deds for which he became famous. are masculino .scholar ever obtained his knowledge through hardy, r courageous hetIdrioiisbrsplendidto-all-sort- a nau or "manlike; rand there are Tnairy of tlie femi of objects indiscriminately, from a gorgeous the abilities ot another, ins own Draintreas-drnine sex who are rightly termed silly and to exett itself, and gain for itself the sunset to a good dinner. rweak, but there are. masculines who are to with which' it was stbredA young lady once tried to describe a picOne of the most pleasing things in nature soft and yielding that they cannot resist a nic party to us, in the following terms'; or a challenge to a g.ime to ac- proffered wine-ghustriving "There were ten of us, four on, horseback, is to see a person earnestly the acceptand the rest in carriages; we set off at a complish something worthy of being re- of cards, though they know thateternal ruin. one likes to ance of either will lead to their glorious rate, antl had a splendid time in getting membered and imitated. Every be appreciated and praised. Let every one And have you.never seen a lord of creation there, I rode the most elejant, perfect be.wiliincr to render to others that encour- - move about with the meek subraissiveness creature you ever, saw, and capered ; along famflorioiisin When we got there, we all walked flpement which they all want for themselves. of a wellrtrained member of the canine to ridicule or misrep- - ily, while his weaJc, (?) delicate (?) better-hal- f, about in the woods, and gathered the most It is unfair ..... and selfish. '' Jt to reigned (and sometimes stormed) oi do others resent efforts shade the the sometning and under dined splendid flowers, L throughout his domicil? Ex. J ; of a glorious old elm tree. We had our cold n the world. '. n : l- - - forest-maide- 1 1 A- ; ' - i - a. "' and-xactne- ss . -- ( Srm -- - i- 1 - imno-inntin- n war-ma- 11 e. - s, s, s news-startli- ng; arv. - . : E ' it-wor- . ; th fsliioclie - ' -- self-mad- self-educiit-cd to-'yo- lc, and-activ- e es ss . - i - - . ; A ; r - I 