SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, Octoijlr t, 1873. Vol i No., 9. excitement among the people" prevailed for heltl by the employes of the Atlantic and several hours, as a natural result Reports Pacific Telegraph Campany, in reference to stokeh trial 13 sec for theCth inst. Will state that in the Gold Exchange, tho scene the death of the late Superintendent of that : lemb'ers acting like d i vision , Mr. C. L. G ood wi n , o f which he defied description, lie be acquitted? rov A new witness, a woman appears in the demons as eat h new failure wAs announced.' and face of fortune Thus the it is, offices in that division were all connected varies, Stokes-Fi.s- k ease; through whose testimony f Let her tell rich and poor are subjeetMo 'its Jrowns nt0 oae circuit, extending from New York it is said he will be released. as well as its smi to Albany, thence via Troy to Saratoga .ViV her story. Chicago couiv are said to turn out an and return to Albany, westward to Syracuse, Her Ma jesty, Queen Victoria, receives average two d ivorces a day. --The practice and via l Oswego, Clyde, and jlochester The toleratedofis as her pension about &,000 per day. represented as having become so Buffalo and Niagara "Falls," back from Buf- Prince of ValeJmho trominon hut fuu H iar, tha tli CtleraUenttoiilia fiiIo,,;,yiaAubu:3 EenfleccagaUgtletc., to No wonder paid to a divorce case ly the judges, more Auburn again, v Each employe remained in I expensive. than to reiort in favor of the complainant's TiTroilVce and gaTcbymeans of A iOO his that A I inrIOinsaslTe.istoJ)et If, in that city, wives in general His jmnrkrotiona -- wife can walk .500 miles in threcr weeks. Like petition. shouM sue for about $20,000 alimony, their York called the meeting i to order, at the should a sensible woman she prefers that he divorce suits would be likely to create a appointed time. Buffalo moved that Mr. - do7 the: "walking" himself: the design of ,' Ilauff, chief operator at New York, be made great stir. too is the proposed wager ermanent chairman. Troy seconded the apparent. in Journal," takes a motion 3 Womah 2X,' and it was carried. Speeches, resoK"nrcrGraphic balioortvlVieh vato very; intelligent view of the woman .sufstart from New York onanuppor air voyage frage question, demands practical tejjt and lutions, etc, followed; and after tho -nffmaa the ncerm to Eurone. on the 12th of not give -- 1 mpartial suffrage a business why &iys, September, had the good fortune to burst trial? accept it as we would one of Dr. had ail been barmon iously transacted, air before it was pumped full chough of gas to Hallr3 cheerful prescriptions, which are adjournment took place. Tho accounts of warranted to do no harm, even if they do no such proceedings must bo interesting read"go up." V v the onlysensible; ing to telegraphists. HdK Roscoe Conk ling habeeiiappoi n ted good. Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the couiso left for them, and gio woman the The "Miss.rari Ilpublican,,, gives the -United States. He is reported to be a very ballot. following account of the miraculous escape should man as and any good man, judicious The "New North West" has a pleasant from drowning of an infant King:" "A .be holding so high and sacred an office in way of expressing its views on certain ?frs. King had a surprise a t Shawn eetown, v.. the nation. ;::T" points. It says: Miss Eliza It. Snow, the 111., the other day. It was an accident that this in itself talented maiden poly gamistt whose life and 3Irs. King happened to be at Shawneetown. An infant winter presented there, but the portion of the globe, about the 20th ult. religion constitute a remarkable matri- She did nofc intend to-- go t from bu returned has monial of no merely violence, It bore recentlysigns paral)x, as if touch tour. Her communi- was traveling,sracka snag in the Ohio river. a Oriental an extended the atmosphere sharp.chilly gave cold V6 cations to the if an's JixroNENT during Several of tho - passengers were drowned, to stir people up to a remembrance that " her absence have been characterized by strik- and among them some children. Mrs. King weather was not far away. Miss Susan B. Anthony has lately published ing versatility of genius and fine scholarly had a child on board whom she mourned as with- n poenulxoni a pamphlet containing a co mpl etc account abintyTWe-regret-thatarherlpen In LahTi verse, w of the prosecution; and trial of the women TioKic-tliVT fill in 'iTIrtwl frrktll flirt No deep water, and tho next morning men who voted in connection with herself. one could have a better right testate the publ ication in this paper, was mislaid went to 'the vessel to recover the bodies of during our vacation. Will some of our Salt facts in the ease not even Judge Hunt Like friends bo kind enough to forward us seen ff oat ing i n the cabin, wh ich was filled of drowning The diabolical practice another copy? with water . nearly to the ceiling. Upon a considered bo to henceforth is children, We aiie asked by the editor of tho examination jichild,a little boy, was discov-ere- d Sure Chinese. the offence among puuishable "New-Norton the mlitfre1sleeping as peacefully West," why it is that religious enough not only i n England , Scotland and re vela t ions al way5xome.tQ.me.nl!LjyjLl as ifjiothingdiad happened. His bed was America are the .rihl. of tlfc" feminine mistaken idea that woman has not the same not verylIfy,for vitsuiik:COI'deisPfilE)ni'' portion of humanity being taken into confreight. right to know for herself what the Lord soaking, but still sustained its living sideration, but even in'.heathen China also. to Shawneesent was requires "at her hands, that a manhc3 The In duo time the child Believing that his wile hadatthe in- Latter-da- y Saints acknowledge no such town, where tho other passengers had been terest of all their children equally heart, theory. In numbers 1G and J 7, volume I, landed the evening before. Its coming made whole his Todd Dr. late Rev, the bequeathed of this journal, "W. K." writing on woman-- anexeitement among the wrecked travelers, So estaterworth $loV)0JLio her. t sensible xi agency, very: clearly illustrates that it is ;i4 ior more than onemother had lost children man should have had a wife worthy of such divine to woman to bv the disaster. It was a touching scene belonging prerogative what that knew confidence, and he,doabil ess, call uion the Lord, and, receive answers to when Mrs. King recognized the child as her business. oC fair was the he did way doing her prayers; and states that but for having boy whom he had mourned as lost nearly Lonhours. The presGrvation' of Uneasiness and depression in the acted upon this principle; she should not twenty-fou- r don market, was caused by the sudden occupy the positiori'she now holds as the Moses in the bulrushes was not so; miracufailures in New Yori although its own wife of a polygamist in Salt Lake City. lous as the safety of Mrs, Kings boy7 ITe financial condition is said to be firm and Thousands of Odcrmcn" women can truth- had been tossing 'iifjout .'.on the waste waters sound. London has no need to get excited fully bear the testimony. Number in the cabin all night, and was brought to his o vcrli t tl efi nanciaLcrashes this side the IS, volume 1 of the Exponent, contains mother alive in tho hour of her deepest h ia" Mrs4af;iietionh t h ljl A" Chanter-- : watersit"riiniave some : - - Viiato Kimball, wife ofthe late .;. President a peated bymothers, in teaching the little before loiig A Young lady in Pennsylvania left home Heber C. iambali written by B" 3Irs. on concerning tho goodness and alwiSe Sarah 3L KinibaIl(ve give the names now providences of the great Creator; that Ho the recently for the purpose of spending blackberriesr-Thene- xt by permission) i n wh ich it is sliown that lives and acts in our day as he did formerly, new. her anxious mother had from her was direct communication from God was given When littlo Moses was born and saved from that she wa3 mariied and settled dovn, to to the woman in' answer to her enquiries, the death which threatened him. Had the g in Georgia. She evidently and that through this means only, she learned child' of Mrs. King awkened during the of night, or had he chanced to roll off the has an eyji to business and understands the the law of Celestial marriage, or plurality ' wives, as her husband,r through sympathy mattress in his sleep, we could not then rights of woman in relation to matrimoy. have exclaimed as we now do happy baby, On the nineteenth ult, nineteen firms had refused to teach it to her. A Convention by telegrapli was recently thrlco happy mother! , failed in Wall Street, New Torkr WTild EDITORIAL NOTES. : a a . ! ; -- tr " Englislr-Rdyalitjirwnsider- ed the-telegrap- li ' . rfor-wiilchliorcetin- wd: T Let-menta- kei; . me lostiiLavas-iaiienJxLSiiawheetow- 3 i h . e-- fe-of-N- ao ; house-keepin- : H 