, - , , .'...'..'.' ' W O 31 s. A AN - : r- - . OF MISS SNOW for millions of people under the training of tno juotnor oi nariots. ana me liinuencc oi PriestcarftJ but through, the ordinances for 31 Jan. 1st, 1S73. lax, Italy, the dead. Such were my reflections while Jane S. IvICirAltDS, I remained a spectator in the midst of a Dhaii Sisteii: ........... eryZehang" rii ii. ich:4snlcseribedas Till man life! One year ago, Iho idea oiT jaddres ingyouJroniltalyaUhe i;ommei ,ment of this year would have seemed almost length, and its total nreadin inn-- nimureu an imnossibilitv. But here I am. a loner and hity feet. As we approached Marseilles, the face of distance from what to mo is the dearest level, assumed siot oii earth the home of the Saints of the the country, which had been .1 i living (od. The hmsa of time: since part- - a very .uneven appearance, nius approximai w. uimcuwuua ui juyumanw, auu, iu iner with vou, ana the. many dear ones lissrciated with yo constant routine of change combined with of olive trees, and occasionally oranges; and 1 r'-.- in-.-iT'-r:-rt e -- A I : deeirtuterestOurparty iont f rww a. Sm Hi. consists-of-Pre- si-f when oecanie very common, ornamenting me Snow, Paul A. Shettler, Feramorz Little, cities along the coast the orange and lemon George Duuford, Thomas Jennings,?. Miss trees being landed with golden fruit; some , farasociety-is-coneernedrw- Khlprs e lronzn gago as well as possible for people abroad, feeling sea, and the olive, orange and lemon have assured of the faith and prayers of the all disappeared, save as the orange 4is placed 'righteous: and I assure vou that I never for- - on ourdinncr table every evening for desert. geta tribute of gratitude to those through On this side the Atlantic, I have .not seen whose love, kindness and erenerous energies apples that would compare with those of our most of those we have the hrivilecre bF thin tour is exteiuleU to meVlinouritam-hom- e T J. Illiaveoiniriuoyea anticipations. Two months and one week, j and I am between seven and eight thousiind I seen are"very ordinary; r; . t , -- trained as you have been in the Gospel of Jesus, you know where to look for consola tion. God alone can breathe comfort to the deeply stricken heart. When I think of the bereaved ones I feel to mourn,' but when I lldnk of the- iuref: noblef loVelyJul ia whose earthlycni issioiiisi spared a longer period of toil, struggle and suffering, my feelings are buoyant and my imagination, ifp may call it so, follows her triumphant spiritfto the happy abodes of purity and eternal peace. May the daughters of Zion imitate her worthy example? God bless you my dear sister and fill your heart : t with his comforting Spirit. - Eliza It. Sxow. estCTday'raslairiyt6day"l)ein'g-fiivoIFor the Expos theplat: Ehglalitt visited th in Holland and Belgium; and in France the form of the great cupola of, the Cathedral Paris,--yer- mail matter from Liverj)ool to different points as President Smith designates to him from time to time. " IJv the .IIcrald,, I learned the sad news of the death of your lovely, precious daughter. I can think of no one better prepared to goal t houghy-j'ou- n slreiArasr ri peneilfifirrtt: Estate. oL existence. For her there is higher no cause for mourning, but when I think of her father and mother, her young, bereaved", husband, the loss to her brothers and sisters and the loss to the community where her noble example has had a purifying influence; my heart overflows with sympathy and . January 2nd jnUes fromhome, Jia rciUes'of . p EXPONK NT. S CORItESPOXDENCE ...r --- s MORAL TEMPEItAXCE, What-- is Ateniperance.? kt. It -- is a question After leaving Nice we enter the delightful view of the whole ci ty; and but often asked and answered by each person dominions of Victor Emanuel our first for a fog which encircled the distant horizon, according to his individual views. And stopping lace in Italyr according to our Iwe might have seen the surrounding chains there is a mental as well as a physical d side to the question. mountains, in the distance. programme, would be Genoa, but in conse- of uence of heavy rains having made a break Abstaining from intoxicating liquors, is morning we leave for Venice. one kind of temperance, but is not broad in the railroak, we stopped one night in Yours with love. 11. Szow. Eliza enough to comprise the whole. There is Rome, and went the next day to Genoa, the birth-plac- e also a temperance in diet, a temperance in of Christopher Columbus. From Genoa we went to Turin and came thence to labor, a temperance in speech, and a temperVenice, Italy, ; -- this ance in thought. Rut there is one word Jan. oth, 187.'J. place. which will comprise its full meaning, and xne national religion, we lound since Beloved Sister Hoiixe: AVe arrived here on the .'Jrd, the same that is moderation. leaving England to be Catholic. I had Moderation is the' true law of life. When never witnessed, the service until in Brus evening Xreceived a note with your signa In acknowledging the this just boundary is passed, then the action sels. Th is leing New Year's Day, "High ture attached. or attribute degenerates into unworthiness; Mass" was performed iiKthe grand "Cathe- receipt I would give expression to my were it in my power to do so, biit I as a rcan traveling to a fixed point of the dral of MiIanV, which we attended. The . 'Cathedral is i magnificent Gothic structure, Jleave you to"imagine; compass,.may pass ih eJjQundary of distance containing fourteen chapels; it is, by many, Venice is a very interesting city, both on and lessen instead of increasing the .space considered - the finest in the world. We account of its history and its singular loca- - between himself and his starting point. were informed that the service on the tiou. Approaching it, for a considerable , Thus, "Eat" but little" is a wise precept; occasion was of the highest order; certainly distance, the railroad track inlaid on artificial and, followed with due moderation, will much of it was sensiess form and unmean- - ground, with water lying on each side. give its disciple health, strong nerves, a clear intellect and a cheerful, happy temper; and j niig, though dazzUng display used thus is true temperance. Rut it is singing and the sweet music of the two gondolas were waiting The Hotel Victoria;" and with two gondolas for plain to any child, that carried to excess, it organs, which played alternately. Archbishop, who represented the Pope in our persons four in each and one for our will weaken the parts even unto death. all Speech is a physical power, and how often except that his hand instead of baggage, we landed on the threshold of our arc we exhorted to use it temperately. his toe was kissed, was most gorgeoucly hotel. This city is said to have been built on The person who uses mild, temperate dressed bearing, at times, upon his head a islands. Pedestrians can go into language, is far more readily believed than supurb mitre, and at other times, according seventy-tw- o 7 ' to the requirements of the service, Tit was all parts of the city, but gondolas instead of one who raves. And in the exercise of the mind, if we are taken off by an ofliciate and held until again horses and carriages are used, the people -- T ho burning .having.no other .mcansJpidiigYesrf moderate, we are temperate. The" pursuit required "of; incense was profpse. Great numbers, day afternoon, our whole party took a gon QfnlnvlclIgerTno variously attired, officiated on the occasion, dola ride, and visited a factory for the worthy; It develops our mental powers to and the congregation was immense. The manufacture of glass, where they were great strength and activity; but t, services were performed in Latin and it is making artificial eyes for men and animals, them, and reason is hurled from her throne, presumable, as little comprehended by the together with every fancy ornamental thing or the golden thread of life is snapped asunder. So it is with the moral nature. Cultivate majority of the church members as by us. imaginable. The most beautiful looking-glas- s I a ever with understood I readily .white glass frame any of the emotions prudently, and they that many of the peole saw, was. most ourselves like delicately wrought, spectators. present were, prized at three will be as hands and ftet to us, or even as Bui when I looked upon the congregation and thousand five hundred francs. We were wings to bear us to realms of happiness; but saw some crossing themselves some rever- told that three of the kind were in America, press them too warmly, or pursue them too -ent ly k n eel i ng and oth ers bowi ng, 11 rst t o a purchased in Venice. in our grasp or eagerly..v. and I they wither ' . 11 nli.ih. i to then the Archbishop, my Our intelligence irom Salt Lake, has not nuuo us eiiureiy, leaving ociuiuiJ miseraoie golden crucifix, heart responded Ilo'wlongO Ion, shall been very profuse. The only .paper received, caricatures to mock us, these, thy children be bound in the dwarf from there is the Salt Lake "Herald." Thus, humility is a heavenly grace m ing chains of traditional superstition and which comes occasionally and is a rich treat man or woman, but beyond a certain degree, ignorance? It is true the powers of earth to us all. Arrangments are made with brother its abject and contemptible. are shaking, but at present, I ran see no hope Carrington to forward all that pride which disdains to stoop and Nice. snow-cappe- - ;'. To-morr- ow feel-ins- rs . i and-then-replac- ed, . over-exer- ' -- j- J trans-Atlant- ic 1 1 jl - 