l : 7 Y Y Y. "' Y: - " vYY J r . LIFE. , - There's ft poison , ; drop in'thd purest cup, That earth born jrftortaU arc doomed to np; There are piercing thorna on the brig best roef; u Which beauty and fragrance on earth bestows., h There ore darts of death In the fleecy clouds, too Into oft deathly shrouds, ; And they're changed Aa they gather In storms on the ocean wide, n Where thousands are sunk In Its roaming tide. The brightest smiles and most Joyous tbroba . Change alas! too often to tears and sobsj '"' 'And actifngheartaln deep anguish cry ' A ibelr shattered idols In ruins lie. The frost still kills the fairest flower, Xnd the sunshine's hid by the passing shower; .Y And flinty stones the pathway llner, r That leads to the barerilf love's pure Shrine. Yet would you sarlnfcfroro feieUr!l Afraid of tht poison deep to drink Or w ithdraw your baud from the blushing rose, y that near it grows T When'plerced by the thorn 'r ijtdi Y YYw t": T r7? rTi r' r"-'Would you pid the thunder cease to roU,- -' o .And silence the death knell's solemn toll ? ; t y ' '.V TheaaMdih.$.'l8o'ned mjstfl depart, , And life and Tlgor anew impart.. .Would you cease to smile because tears are shed, Because joy' so oft is to f orrow wed i ir Idols are shattered and torn tray,"-- 4 We will find them again In the Brighter Day ' ' . "Would ye cease to sow the germs of JIfef . r " " Because the seeds of death are rife ? r m. J Or cease to aeek for love's pure shrine ? .' Life's thorns are planted by hands divine. - ,.::YYYY . f clover -. ? .. , i.5 a proua -- . - ; Djfiuj5L, .Lxn vslcianiare 1 upon-ou- nnirmm r omn ' ?.y. T7rV7"? birds fbv neu-V?"- 10 1 a bonnet somewhere else, trusting to a servant tor set things right No matter hoy many servants you have, it Is a miserable habit, and if its source is not in the Intellectual and moral character, it wiH inevita-bl- y terminate there. Children should, bo -taught to put things back in their places as soon as they are old enough to use them. If each member of the family were to observe this, rule,' the house vould never get much out of orderand a ' large amount of vexation and useless labor would bo avoided. Table Conversation. A; great deal of character is imparted and received at tabic. Parents too often forget this; and therefore, instead of swallowing' your food in 'sullen silence, instead of brood in or over vour busi" ncsSjinstead of severely talking about others, let the conversation at the tablo be genial, kind, social and cheerihgrDo not bring d is agreeable things to the table in your conversation any moro than In dishes.; For this reason, too,' the more good company you have at your table, the better for your dren. Every conversation, with company at the tablo, is ah educatorf thelamily. x ' xoMATOEs.io , iourpounas pi i masKea 01 our cniiaisft contiaence by f tho stick clnnalmtewairt serving Kettle, oyer a slov firo, until the to-- beauty td every- - thing we see n or hear: matoes are nearly cooked;; .Take them; out Would ybu listen tdhmusie 'it 4riay bethl and jput thein on Wishes Jo cool, letting the grand at night it is sublime in the morn ' syrup go on' simmering slowly, Wh tomatoes e cold, reiurnl will then find, .him and finish cookinsr. Let them become cold more as Gbtf mhd a liim5f hnn Rff pr tho en- before putting ;them into Jars. The syrup chanted hour has passelirH Would you look must be boiled "down ras thick as molasses," upon Niagara, or someold silvery-browe- d and poured cold over the tomatoes. Tie them mountain ? Goiwhile yet the'darknesi lir uuwu wiui uiauueror waxeu paper. gersi near, and see how they smile ttpon the A Valuable Cement. The following is Glorious morning! ' Wo can Hlmb3tv im a useful cement to fasten objects of wood to others' of metal,' glass stone; 4 etc. Good agine heaVeri nearer as you approach r for'r: in cabine t makerslglu q; is wr m6d: up wi th: a- - heaven it is always morn in g;Hebrewlr .JYY.Y .Y tiffin ter 10 me consisiency necessary to connect ...YiY tfiwueu uujeuis, ii... j.f lueuauu unougn siueu asn- l hr. Vihl If. iV to es to bring 4t the thickness of a varnish! SCENES ON mTUPUAI. The cement should be applied to the surface or the objects to be united when warm, and SOUTH PACIFIC OCEAN- . . il" ncn inevsnouia oe nressea tocethpr Htrht. . rt t .1 O . w .Vl ' JK "yauuary., T..Y .1 jooi. ' V. r. ' V" After coolinc and flrvInn-- thA jiiaerii. : ."Rfatt's Br Grouard, missiOnaryrcomrianloh; "Stronfflv United rrrom'f SO as tn rnnnirA arO' . .. , .: ffvnnt fnoo AnlAU.AXi. .10,1 t! ' iorco io separate tnem: unnaing' stonesj mnriAO .iV.ul.l '"aou.uirir."T; b rrv liistencd on wood, and handles to painters' 9 U1, ;nis Q!"Q awemng nouse; a V ; 1 1 ! 1 : 5 i 1 if-- . :.'.. . "1 - v , Y - s 1- i . snfrP I ! i -1 M r-. i m "Vv for more than a year without exbibitiug any I ,n appearance of fracture. ' Tiamiiies .lived, each; caun KuowinfiT cunirt;, its own boundaries! demons for Fever, Says ' Dr. Hail: all done outside. '"' ; ' When persons are feverish beyond what is The manner In whicli thQ house.wa3 built; V' natural.' Indicated in somfi mM Kxr n mofni;-- 1 ah tifcu wioiu mm uiiiDers up- - ' taste in the mouth, especially after drinking right; sticks wovenlugeiiuiiy. ' between,' likea willow waterfior by :ihitishpearance3on Jho basket,1 plastered but side and imwith lime; ' greater part of the surface of the. tongue; rmdo from the crai X Makes What Cheerful Vtfmper. one of the best 'coolers' internal! or exter- - en'snow. The roof, a thatoKim; nf If by chance one stumbles on a household na., is io uiko a lemon, cut on tne top, sprin- - of the "Farra" tree,' a foot in thickness, ' im- -' ' where the woman does nbi - disdain house- kle over It some loaf ugar, working it down pervious to both. rain ; and heat. L-:into the lemon- with a spoon, and. then suck A wifery work, and especially the practical A.Xa To m1 of tho kitchen, thero we may bo sure we shall find cheerfulness and con teht.7:Thero seems to : in the life of a practical housekeeper that answers to the needs of a woman's best nature, and w . . wnicn-uire- e ViJU 4JI UIU L ! . : rc fipnv : - that makes her pleasant and Perhaps it Is the conclousnoss thatsho islo-in- g her duty of itsell' wonderful sweetgood-tempere- d. ' acouainted; ihe; Wa ' a shawl here, a pair of slippers there, and , -- - Order. Never leave things lying about CI h a I poison with which ph '--. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. ' n- lake double the : Hope. in urou ueius wiui Wlto:ry.:twngVc6ntttaU6i,riio6w nineo fhn hnvivnn nf mm rs hna The oil will seemed so bnghtYnor. music rjL t 1 Our will to Hisur God arid Friend, Who doth love's purest blessings send And guides us In the Harrow way, That leads to Life's Eternal Iny. W upon , mu AHyanshlneiabove-'iheLjnistaifti.fnJ,nflfl,Kiw:haJflKiNis :n r :?4. LaxJ J It is natumt for ns to look back - , ttT,:: Arr i e ' j r Y ' . Y j s ' Howe'er so bitter may seem the cup, , ' .1 . love that bidsus snp; Tls a voice of . And a gentle ijand wlll guide us ttill, y jiY ilii: , Y If we but bend our own.wild will. . . ' '''l- v : .,-, glad- - n; thdught every speckled eorn-- f y tassel and budding kerBeUgayq promiser of But asTc the y brightest yj sufficiently thinwith .lemonlJuicQ orlrosx)-- 1 much happiness water to go on smpothiyput inAwarn) raorDing may ueaajKeqjjfeine ciouas ' I . "'", t T that seemed so beautiful Vhen for away, so plaffoiririry-cmr Ii ves inay shadowedthe approach at a was wont to dazzlo our eyes lot that which cy, which ! has been swallowed intentionally ; s ii'Y :rsl sparkledithhd deWandtbo' i iookcu sugar very graauaiiy, a teaspooniui f at a ; ; ' mer joined handsfbr the coming harvest. thehites untileiyjdrjtoLwh j ' , veriz0d sugar, the whites of five eggs, I3eat ino enciiaming oreeze, as spring anu sum- - T j-- , ,.,.Y.I , deried bv the risinerof the siin over the hills $rIflki .timo.nntnjiU3..iidd.ed Syt-coating without thinningc Makelbb second - Y Hbv many tinies has my heart been icein6; ; i; MORNING. " -- , H-y- . ; -- sleep, and. au awakening. after rest and in-- y vigoratlon, with an appetite for breakfast to which they are strangers who will have their cup of tea for su pper, or"relish,,and"cake,,?; and their berries or peaches and cresm,uin ; do-nothi- ng ' W tone; whatever tho cause, sure it is that homes of the active housekeepers are more harmonious than those of the reckless and TC sort, y ; . To detect Copper in Pickles or Green TEA.Put a few leaves of the tea or some of the pickle,cut small, Into a phial. with two or. three drachms of liquid ammo nia, diluted with one half the quantity of water. Shake the phial, when, if the most minute ; portion of opT)errlrresenf,-:1het5fnH- y ; liquid will assume a fihe blne colorv y.l'U: , Y. Y XPOOT.T. WOMAN'S 110 Li ..YY r r 1 .1 i n V1 ' 1 " 7" a A iem.oa The ground floor of the house was first cov- d with long coarse 'M ener of nature; perhaps tho greater amount substituto for tho ordinary supper thickly -i'lain ; Bum. of thori of bodily exercise keeps the liver in good merr would give many acomfortablcnlght'slrojn end to end, answering "tho lurpote 6f ;;7 ;ir;T7:; t liUU f a"tIre hri 1 tl.' .- 1 ; '. 