WO M A 88 SLEEP. NOTES FROM MILLIE. r yr ) (Oath ered for the Expos T:--vT kkt. fEPNXCTr JJAY M.: D., Wain Old Conetiluticn Building, Office The necessity of sleep, it may be admit- - Ftfeet opposite Office hours 10 a m. to 3 p m' To turn n riirnonble necessity. . r - J -'-J Weraostiy.toooiten iorfreiineconsequuucu r. , shuat ofnotte.pour times. Ifultmtte a liabit of breathing ;sw JJRS. CARPENTElt, prop over thought anoV through the nostrils rather than the mouth, hope-- all go down plans and pursuits-r-anbe less will frequently naturally ? moreNo unforgetfulness or unconsciousness, opened," and we will thus become CTmmstn hp; an unspeakable loss. It is a a of as fewer and disagreethings healthy, imperious and ever able nature will be uttered, we shall be more death, temporary, but Yet it is so universal, so gradual, happy. Try it. Keeep your mouth shut. recurring. so natural, that we yield to it not only witn-oNearly all the annoyances from which spring dread, but with delight. In the silent and strife with which the which seem to the world is vexed, are petty trifles which splendor of starlit nights whole universe, arise from ominous nothings. They are but put us on a footing with the knew no star, that in the blackness of nights forgot ten seeds, which y scattered by the waysidej piprtng'lnfterJifeJir-thashapof apathy or distrust. They are little sparks, solitude of ternityiL We is too fascinating, when least and we begrudge a moment lost; but even whicrrmoulder and heat,-and then, without will, against will, the.heavy expected, kindle into a flame. And these peace disturbers, heartrenders, eyel ids droop, and, all u n h indered , "the shy and sometimes soul destroyers,- - might be soul slips away into some xemote recess of theJ)rain toih avoidedostlltogetherif-preople-eould learn that wisdom which would tell them dawn and the strong new world. : when to Iceerr thajnouth rshu- t- 7z: ; NEVEIiAOAlNr overso some are hearts But, then, there sensitive that nothing can be said which a touch of pathos about doing There does not in some way chafe or wound them, even t h ejssim pi est t th in g for th e last- - ti m e. no matter how pure the intentions of the It is not alone kissing the Hps of the dead speaker may be. A great deal of discomfort that gives you this strange pain You feel arises from this diseased state of mind, it it when you look your last upon some scene being far too prevalent It should be blunt- which you have loved when you stand in ed. There are actually those who fancy that some street where you will never quiet form the especial theme of every pas- stand again unless you come back some day they and if, in conversational circles, gen- to the old "haunts," and wander among serby? eral hints are given, they are sure to imag- them an unwelcome ghost ine themselves particularized, and always The actor playing his part for the- last on insist being unjustly evil spoken of. last time the singer whose voice is cracked Whereas, they might, at leat, give their hopelessly, and who after this once will friends credit for feeling after thir interest. never stand before the sea of upturned And if, aii is often the case, they must listen faces, disputing the 'plaudits with fresher to imaginary colloquies about themselves, voices and fairer forms-t- he clergyman they might set the old proverb at defiance who has preached his last'sermon these all and determine on hearing something good. know the hidden bitterness of "never d lZi ut heart-burnin- II. BARKER gs Pljys!in ALI 'KK & CARELESS, , -- - Anot h er th ingheseversensi ti vepeople are not the most cautious about opening their mouths at the expense of the feelings or credit of others. If compliments are offered them in a kindly manner, they have a way of defalcating them, and only half ac knowledging their real worth. And most of us are not pleased with such discounts on our pretty sentences, and are apt to look well I to .:our,l compliment in those. d i roc tions in future. CHINESE MARRIAGE The Chinese mode of marriage is original. The calendar is invariably consulted for a lucky day to solemnize, the nuptials; and in the intermediate-timletters pas,s between the young couple, presents are exchanged betwixt the two families and thebrhle-groopurchases some jewels for his bride. When the day appointed arrives, the bride is locked in a close palanquinthe key of which Is delivered to a trusty domestic, who must deliver it to none but the husband; . and thelady is carried to her new home e, m pre-cod- ed by a band of musicians; and followed by her.felations. Everything that composes her portion is alsoboroe beforetmd nfter her by persons of both sexes, wMle othrr. walk oii 'each sidr with flambeaux and lighted t orch es. Th e b rid egrobm r rich ly I r jed , waits the arrival of the procession at his gateon receiving the "key, eagerly opens the palanquin. If he be contacted with his ow spouse he receives her with many ex pressions of joy; but if he be much disappointed he suddenly huts the chair, and sends her lack to her relation. Tf, however the bridgroom oneo receive hnr into lib house, the marriage is irrevocable. : - U How they come to us on birthdays as we grow ohier! Never again young always nearer to the very last tjie end which is universal, the "last thing" which shall, follow all the otherlast things, and turn them, 'let us hope, from pains to joys. We put away our boyish toys with an odd heartache. We were too tall to walk any longer on pur stilts too old tojplay marbles on the' pp. vement. Yet there was a pang when we tnought we had played with our merry mates for the last time, and life's seriou, grown-u- p work was waiting for us. i)w wo do not want the lost toys back. Jiife has other and larger playthings for us. May it. not be that these, too, shall seem in the light of some far off as the boyish games seem to our manhood, and we shall learn that death is but the opening of a gate to the new laud of promise? , ; y,0. 37, East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. ; Agent, for the Arion Piano, Mason & Hamlin Organ Seeing 31aehme. and Yvilson Shuttle Loek-Stitc- h All Luids of Husic and Fancy Goods; " ! - j15 TJUK NISII YOUR HOMES. advise the Ladies who want to buy fln l u .mid -- -- lowiibfeud ilouse, Boom No. 50. I !.o Office r.d Sur ' ;w, FarloT iaid Bed-roo- m ' eiami m the immense Sets of furniture to call ' alUe '" 'Jt. 31, J East Temple Street, aid South t H WALLACE "f- kepClZ :1 II. Dl WOODEY,.' At Ko. audi o. 75, First "; tjeeL " . the best, largest and purest stock of confec- tioriar; 'm Salt Lake city. . Just the place for ladies H...- - to pur. as e. B 00. "RA-4- S! BOOKS! PEOPLE Ait. . TV Rrivphis nf IN AVANT OP T.'TI'RXTTJM AVT Eddc Vios will find at JAMES DWYER'S BOOK STORT erery thin they need at 18 than Eastern, Price? ppK'iaf djsemictt made to all who purchase I A Spl i lid fstoct on hand. ; : 4 Determined that nothing shall Ve wanting on the part of the Publishers, to increase the circulation of the Exponent and aid in promotin? the objects con-- : templaicd in its publication, by making it truly an exponent of the views of the women of Utah, by them, read by them, and iU columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their, thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as to prepAre for. increasing the ralue and importance of: the paper with the beginning of the next volume, which a larger subscription list will enable us to dc , 19 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter 118 00 up of the club 15 copii s. 1 year, with a copy to the getter ' 26 00 up of the club 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of the club and a framed steel engraving, 12x16 inches, of President Brigham . 34 OQ Young, selling price, f 2 50 80 copi !s, 1 year, with a copy to the getter V of the club, and a superior first proof, a rule it is up Ornamental steel engraving of President Brigham much letter to use native trees than those framed, selling Yoajg, handsomely S 0 : - of forefgi) extraction. Native trees are price $4 'be commenced at any time; and addigenerally more hardy, and put out their Clubs can befmade-after the- - first list of names tions he can samelater in foliage oonerf and: re tain-tsent. the season than the foreign. The maple Money can be remitted by registered letter at the tfeeuakes a beantifalhaderbutig aBlow risk of the publishers. We hope ladies throughout the Territory, especialgrower. The American linden is not, prob the Presidents and Secretaries of Belief Societies' ably, as. line a tree as the English. Tjut ly will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will conpreferable in some other respects. The stitute themselves agents for the extension of the inountain ash is a favorite and is regarded circulation f the Expokiht. ' as among the most beautiful of the decidtus-tain- ed . Trees.As . ; .. has-bee- . " Its form is graceful, and its general appearance " striking and elegant, either in bloom in early summer, or when lulled-withits rit-- - scarlet berries in the autumn. ; It is very hardy, and will grow thriftily in anexparo tint Would kill other uous trees. - deciduous trees. .I'.Ul h Stokes Father testifies to insanity : affecting members of his family. Of course Stoke3 was "affected" when he 'shot Fisk. Of course he "lived in dread of his life" while Fisk lived. But if he had been born a Modoc, the lawyers would have had less (rouble Jn deciding hiHcaso, n 