WOM A N'S EXPONENT. r2 ; SPLJNTEKS. finite ujK)itpnittieal incthols iMnly, s counties, the Independents are the Modocs, congregated for their incorporation into goveriiinent, is of Tular "Times" the ......The editor and social life. the of to tho editor Therefore in consideration of the ireseiit. get spanked by likely women inMariposa "Gazette," at least the latter demand for unity of method among in like objects, oro.is, whose purpose threatens it, though they are, about one terested is "to r. mlor women helnfld to each other and hundred miles apart. .....The 'pjeijdness hiseful to society," has determined to take the seat e steps Tor onnginr me reprecm;i-tiv-a preliniinar3' of Contra 'Costa, is said to lx almost unknown women of the country together in to many residents of San Francisco, while Woman's Congress, that unitedly we may take the more imiortant in natural advantages, the former is stated into consideration AVonian's life. our atlee.t that to surpass all the. towns 011 the eastern shore AVe send this little messenger to all women of Suisuri Bay, where it is situated....A new who, by voice or pen, or practical- work, have in the kind of sea monster was an honorable platx in any of the of the day, and we cordially bay, near San Francisco,. which ;has the leading reforms their a pprobat ion ami head of ja shark and the body of n porpoise, in vit j them to signify with our effort by sending us their measures nine feet ten inches in length sympathy names to affix to the formal Call for a "Woand weighs live hundred iounds...... Wit- man's Congress," to be held in New York, in nesses in the Stokes' case are still confined October, 1873. i in prison, not , for any crime, but because This Hessenger will also le sent to .such as have for their object they happen to know ..something concerning Women's Associations of in any direction.- v wonien the'iniprovement ib soon as we receivi--iH bertsstUMl as " I"wi Cal "This ; national editor considers the question of snllicient numlK?nf wolf hyjTanies to iimure-th- e t ves o all cu rreney-exeec- ds r success of . tho Congres.sr anil we shall not hers;t andielie the want of paper money to be the secret of i&sucrituntll we receive that encouragement. takt?the the depressed state of business throughout It is hot the intenlioir of Horosistt) assembe sliall after it in leiui the Congress, the country.. . . . .Three . women have been and otlicers govern its If. bled; it will select its arrestetl charged- wi th the AYe, meanwhile, constitute ourselves a local murder of a man, of whom one of the Committed Lfor the; preliminary btisliM.-As--we, as auivssociateJo(lyr send out this little womcn is the widow... .i.Hay seed in : the theottici'rs hair and blue drilling overallsitus siiid, sheet,we append to it the naniesofaffix 'to- - the not shall we of the societv. but J tlieV who ns have V Call immes ofany- pors politicians this lall......Iavorable prospects l forruallv notified us t)f their willingness or lor harvests in r ranee are reported this desire to have their name appear. you have carefully read our year...,Lotta begins new scintillations in Friend! If after are willing to assist in calling you Philadelphia this month.. ...The stock of lace Messenger, our country together for a of the Princess t Metternich, is valued at the good women of send noble object, please your naine and 300 ,000 fra ncs , . .. . After t he deat h of Jessie address to our President or either of our It. Grant, at the auction of some of his Secretaries. : e th bed wh ich the President J&3IIs..CJlAIUiQTTE'JJ..3VIMJoLil?rthh,llt, upon effects, 11 Kist Fifty-fir.Street, N. Y. was born brought five dollars.... ..The bagi E CrCROLV, gage of Princess Josepliine, cousin to the Mr.sJexx Mrs. Iauy F. Davis, of Spain, was lately seized by a Miss Kate " Paris milliner as security for an unpaid, bill ItEV. Celta Hillari, " BURLEIGir, kl of $1 ,o:0,.....The question is asked, when ; 1 Prof. 3Iaria Mitchell, Tweed is to be tried for his crimes, but the ' Miss Alice C. Fletcher, l(cc. See., 25 Htuyvesant Street, N. Y. i. answer is not given. . Miss Fanxy Howell, Cor. Sec, 470 Yanderbilt Avenue, Brooklyn. 1uh-nes- Several fires have been recently reported in England. College, Michigan, received a donation of $100,000 from ,., has Mrs. Susan Willis, of CharlestonIn the Da nish est Indies: reeoncilinr" courts have Jj.cstabUshdAvlicre opposing parties must appear and seek to reconcile their difficulties before they are. permitted to commence a. suit at law ...Tea merchants in England, are being arrested, and paying fines for scl 1 i ng .nd id terated .teas.. , . . Th e , Sand w ich Islands social system is begiuing to look rather dark to a writer in Hawaii, who says the nation is given over to an early aud dishonorable grave.. '.. ..Late advices charge MeLellan, the postal agent between Wash ington and New York with only $.j0,000 stolen and also .say he has not been arrested nor is. likely to be. ..... Indians and engines, or maian raids and railroad quarreis have -- greatlvi assisted fin keeping up the, sensa- newspa tioimii,inte fypers; for some months past but seem to be subsiding somewhat now...,, .The Duke of Bru ns all h is land and personal ed estate to the city of Geneva.... . . The Balti more ''American" celebrated its one hun- ....The dredth anniversary last month...... "' Xews'-'is th eUUo3a .'Suudayoniliig . new Stock ton7 commenced Tint paper just 1 California A veteran of 812 was lately - tripped up by a little pig in Georgia, the injuries received! by the fall causing his death...... A school teacher in Vermont, punishes bad boys by making one. turn a grindstone while another bears on it with a btick.i..Prussian troops arc vacating France. ... ;..The Shah is said to be so dainty about his diet that nothing but certain kinds of fish will do him A correspondent describes French painting as it appears in the art galleries of the Vienna Exposition, as the most artistic of any. 7.7;. Love and politics are stated to be the chief causes of insanity in Spain, where mmlnessis frequent, some of the female occupants of the asy l uirihavi ng been brought there through THE WOMAN'S EX PON JvKT ! Mrs. IIomelia Ij. Clapp, Chairman of lOxecutive Committee. th e bad eff ec ts 0 f novel read! ng. . . . . .Men 1 Some of the questions to be eonsidereil by a and women are said to be quite upon an Woman's Congress will be the following: " ' L. GREENE RICHARDS, EDITOR. equality in Coloradornot only in their freeHigher Education for Woman; Woman's dom of opinion but in associations and Work in Xiterature; The relation of Woman to her Dress; Woman, the Promoter of Peace; in Salt Lake CitvtTtah. Terins: vocations as well...... Emily Faithful gives Published Ono copy one year, 52; one copy, six month., 1. Ten copies Prison Reform, Woman's work; The Inviolate occasional receptions at her residence in for the price' of nine. Advertising rates; Each square, eight Homestead; Equal Division of the Salary beof nonpareil ppacc, one time, $2; per month, Hyde Park, London... Anuner in Pioche had a lines Campbell Jl Patterson, "llcncral Acent''. Eat TeriH.lfl trftt. tween Husband and Wife; Woman's Influence rock fall upon liim recently which weighed Salt i Lake City. r ve iml 7"ng Tem perance r iixpromot ;;' ' all Address business to comumnications 1 -g .V0Ui01L? Jnousmiu itfcnda,and twenty-eiamong AYomen;- Woman's place in Publish era. 'o. s ' Ex fox kxttl.x h GoTernment; Lake Salt Systems at:: Philanthropliy; J,aw . City, Utah. f jOIIvelim as it allects Woman; Enlightened Motherhood; full possession of his senses, though the Woman in Surgery and Medicine." spinal column was dislocated" and the lower SALT LAKK CITY, Sr.iT. 1, 1873. limbs paralyzed. ...A town on Kalmar Sound, HOME IMANIIFACTITIIF. called has leen Sweden, Christianople. ANOTHER STEP. Massachu I Where is the iire...,..The utterly destroyed by individual, the family, setts' Republican SUUc Convention will be or nation who, being assessed of true held on the 17th inst., at Worcester...... The . Believing that, if properly and intelligently independence is not justly proud of it. And ship "Oregon," of Quebec, was lately Wreck- conducted, many Iwnefits will eertaiidy accrue in what does indeiundence consist, so 'much as ed at Portland, Itichie, in the Straits of from the consummation of thei veil proposition in the home production of all articles necessary benettts to woman and consequently to niau Belle Isle, with a valuable, cargo.... ... Kenand sliicercly hopeing that wisdom ami pru- for life's comforts and conveniences? tucky black bees refuse to make honey Sing Sing prisoners have found a means of dence may direct every effort of those who may No family that depends on buying the shoes escape from the roof Carpet worms are a engage in this worthy attempt to accomplish and stockings, hats, coats, jackets, aprons skirts so on, even to suspenders and garters, ready new pest in New York, but the say great good, we cheerfully append the following and papcis made-foall its members from father 'down they are not so pety. as the carpet bag- notice, of proposed "Woman's Congress," to A removal of the .Tombs is talked which n baby ever knows anything of tha real gers explains Itself: of.... ..Hartford is said to have more assur- - ,nic necessity of fellowship and concerted of being, in a measure, independent. imccthan any other city iu tho country. . . action among women interested in the nd- - A little girl nevtr dons a pair of boughlen rA mimTJoTTiT Jowa men arc going to ""eat" Tanccmcntmf the Tacan(lTnore-rspedallj-o- f torkirrg-mtrr- t or ieels that oavu their so h the championship of the State, at Atlanta. apparent, that we do not they are; bo perfectly comfortable, as the ones hesitate toassert that by far the larger ortion Hack drivers in Milwaukee, have to pay of onreffotiN in that direction are fruitier?, be- she has knitted herself. While even the latter live dollars jf they fail to light their lamps. cause are more Tsttisfaclory, if made of yarn spun at they solitary and Isolated..'.....San Joe papers publish appointments ThousiindH f noble and hencticent women, home, from wool which her own dainty fingers for Senator Maclay's political think- have assisted in speeches under scattenxl all ff crour countrv, are. v preparing for the machine. me nead or "Amusements. V In some ing, writing nd shaking tfie truths. which all And If I i the recollection of having taken an . women neef, and many arc waiting to. hear, !.. t ',.1 ; r. 1. inm iio in v.uiiuiina, ww .democrats are a renovating" occasional run" to .look after the dear, old sIlccd "mull called .Modoc and in other, adjoining huuju, If ojice,-4, the id 'i ,nnl ,eVtw ljrro ns iie-tio- , - -- lately-caugh- - Uiohooting-of-Fi.skA.mFrandsi- wick-will- in-Broo- klyn, - -- ! 1 - r post-offic- e' ."-'- st Ex-Prside- Vice-Preside- nt, nt, ex-Que- en 4 . , V semi-uiontljl- y, . " - Co-open- iti us-tri- es ! tFour'ftr'ard5 . - -- -- -- com-muhi- ty r satis-hictio- fr W -- to-da- i e - 