' ; : - : - L- - U w YZi -- - w v X i'I ill C-- HALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY Vol. I. EDITORIAL NOTES. The "epizootic' has readied Denver, Colorado. near. That is ffettmfr. uncomfortably An Eastekn paper savs Susan 13. An- thony standsu p for her rights like a man; and considers it a compliment. :..'. continues, to reduce the number Italy of her brigands and professional murderers by sending them as emigrants to the United J 5, 1873. wouldn't let him play croquet. If he wished to make a woman or "a tall girl" of himself, why not let him? .Or did they think that a little healthy muscular exercise would drive away misanthropic feelings, and that he would not be able to picture the nethermost pitwith sufficiently harrowing vividness to suit them, if he indulged in a game of V croquet? "Speak not thou evil of dignitaries' is t h e ru e to be observed in the rrencn re- -- 1 publicLnauinLyonsme-littl- e time ""BBftf No. 16. confer upon women' the right of suffrage without State or Congressional enactments, or the passage of a 16th Amendment to the lawyers and as clever jurists as General B. F. Butler and others hold' that it does; and this Miss Anthony declares her determination to test. From the rapid advance made towards , CnstitutioiVsalreadJ securing the recognition of : this right to women, during, theipast year, andthe frank, open ahneFin whlcF - country, promineutmenthroughoutththere is little doubt- - thatr - whether Miss Ant h()ny should succeed in this effort or riot, public sentiment would oppose her being pun if not all the States, will vote for President ago, called Thiers "a stuj)id fool," and he - lar The was .promptly "jerked up" and -- sent to past i me lbr StatelJ governors. Had this rule of swift punishment goVeror of Ohio was asked the other day to prison. been followed during the late Presidential pa felon a batch ofthree hundred at a sitting, campaign in this country, there is scarcely but. hejook tinie.to think it over. , t. sufficient hemp in theIThidn f ohaTe"rhYd simultanTwo expeditions are to start ropes enough for the necks of those who A NEy United States District Attorney extreme for from to would a is opposite have had be France eously Iigland hanged. has been apiKrinted forUtah7 points; one to attempt tEe"discoveryl)f the unique republic, of the old Venetian stripe. of Will mm Carey, of Galena, Illinois, and his North Pole, and the oilier the South Pole. An eastern iaper the Washington appointment was confirmed by the United They are likely to find something; ice, cer- "Star" under date December 27, 1872, States Senate on the 8th inst. The rabid tainly, if nothing of greater public i n terest says: "Sidney Rigdon, author of the Morlook for special legislation bv Baiinum had his great, menagerie and mon Bible, is dead." It will be news to the Congress against the Latter-da- y Sainfcy to circus destroyed by fire in New York, and Latter-da- y Saints to learn that Sidney Rig follow immediately, and that all their immediately telegraphed to Europe for half don was the author of the Old and New desires for the destruction" of those who a million dollars worth of curiosities. Three Testament, wh ich form the "Mormon settled and made this Territory what it is, times burned out, he rises each time with Bible;" or that he was the author of the will be gratified; and yet they talk about the occasion and gets the newspapers to "Book of Mormon," which is probably what Christianity and profess belief in God and tell of it. Shrewd advertising. is meant: or, maeeu, tnat nc was me in the Scriptures, while gloating, in antici TriE Illinois State woman's suffrage author of any really good book, although he, pation, over scenes of desolation and bloodg shed brought upon an innocent, association, will assist Susan B. Anthony in at one time, held a high po.siUon in the t h rough ambi- community! But there is an old French her trial by every means In their power. Church , but fell from grace X:;L.r-.as did Lucifer. . 2 proverb that will apply: "Phomme propose, They consider the- - indignity to which she tion, et Dieu dispose" man proposes, and God has been subjected, in being imprisoned an Plant ago, trees. says Thirty years because of casting her ballot as an American exchange, Mrs. Lydia Wilson, of Itaisin, disposes. They have felt equally as sanguine before, only to be disappointed as they citizen, as offered to the entire women of Michigan, stuck a willow-ridin- g whip In will be again. There are two other little America. ten now measures in the and feet it ground i proverbs they might study to advantage; An ordinance was introduced in the St. cireumfercnee and spreads over eighty-fou- r one is, that "truth crushed to earth will Louis City Council, to repeal what Is known feet Plant trees; fruit trees; shade trees, mul rise again;" the other, that "the blood of as the" Social Evil" act, under which fallen berry trees to feed silk worms, or forest trees. the martyrs is the seed of the church." Let women are licensed to pursue their fearful You leaver blessing to posterity which they "Mormonism" alone and it w ill grow; perseThe cute and it will traffic; and it was almost unanimously re- will appreciate in years to come tenfold foster. grow it, jected. An ordinance requiring men who Oriental custom of planting a fruit tree on patronize the places and persons thus the birth of each child is one that could be PEN AND SCISSORS Moptedinffie.wesern?wrldita lieehseiljo haas been rejected unanimously. Such is a and no place to greater advantage than in Utah; for our timber in the mountains is A- Vetehinaiiy surcreon who lives at specimen of governing "justice." j Bufialo, N. Y., lately tried to "founder" his The driver of a New York street ear, fast disappearing. mother-in-laby dancing a polka with her seeing a- - young girl grossly insulted by a Six ;irls and a boy were the victims of until she got warmed up, and then giving ruffian, a couple of weeks ago, and noticing: the Centre street fire. New York; roasted her all the iced lemonade she could drink. that neither the passengers nor the con- alive; yet their bodies were allowed to reThe indolent habits of the Orientals are ductor interfered, stopped his car, thrashed main for nearly a week under the ruins, in by- - the following "bon mot," the scoundrel, threw him into the street, the most populous city in the country, well illustrated and gave him in charge of a policeman. because the authorities did not know wrho which in the regions of the East has should have a monument, would pay the expense of having the ruins assumed the character of an adage: "No That subscribed - for by defenceless ladies who removed, and the lessees of the building man should run when he may .walk, walk know wIiaTif is to be insulted by "gentle- would not touch it for fear of injuring their when he may stand, stand when ho may men "of r the stamp that he punished so insuranee. How intensely humane and sit, or sit when he may lie down." charitable New Yorkers have grown, ivhere Always pleasant is a compliment to edipromptly and j ustly. , ! cars. "I saw three excellent things torial This disgracea money is involved ICE.GpiiGi, in somo parts of the eastern fullittle action of the police authorities and the in your last paper, " said a wag to an editor. rivprsj .such as the Missouri and Ohio, hav- lessees of the burned building, should be "Ah, indeed! what were they?" inquired ing vpil.ec.ted during the terrible storm which raged in the latter part of December repudiated in some manner by the city, or the delighted knight of the quill. "Mince " in their will rest upon all. pies," replied the wag, who escaped the breaking lip with a cessation of the the odium paste-po- t by slipping out of the door. ; : extreme - cold, did immense damage in women were brought before a Fifteen several places, sweeping away docks, crush- - United States Commissioner in the State of A Jolly fisherman was asked, in the ingdOwn coal barges, and crashing through New York, charged with illegal Voting, and presence of a spinster, what sort of a w ife 7 river steamers. Over half a million dollars held to bail: JThat Is, fourteetfwere so held, he would choose, if he wwe going to .marry worth of property was thus destroyed in the and furnished the required security; but to which he promptly replied "An Ue- last eight days of December. This might the other, Miss Susan B.- Anthony, refused wife.' " Tho spinster increased the merribe reckoned among "the signs of the timcjs--t to"Tumshthe'baiIfa!id:;Wa5renianded'to ment which this occasioned by dryly adding,' issue at does "I like wine best, and should prefer a is, prison. Now, the question It is reported that a Connecticut clergy- the to Constitution! Amendment the 11th man has reaigned because his pious flock grape ''Husband-man.'- " Pakionin Convicts has become a popu -- Viee-Presideu- ' anti-3formo- ns God-fearin- -- ! . : - w car-driv- er " ; - ID 