voMa n's j; x v o s i: x t . . may as wel fonver.se with a deaf man as an they held a three days' meeting'; hy which the Tin: j a absent one. .'It is, indeed, practical blunder, people of Cache Count V were blent as with a to address ourselves to a man who, we plainly j feast of good things, and all experienced a very Mrs. .Smith, of the "Inland Monthly i ' understands nor ierceive, neither hears, minds, enjoyable time. .endeavoring to organize a woman' printing us. - Z. be intcrestlnirimd henefo mt fTrTnH1"!"1" It will real and of foundation It is a great thing, the Thk pension agent at Augusta, Me., pays school teachers in and near the city, to attend useful education to be aide to think compre- the normal class which Professor Park kindly twelve, widows for services renderedby varied and Mothers subjects. hensively, upon i oflers housewives, particularly, should have their teachers who have not had Thk Catholic clergy, of Iglan, Moravia. experience, ami those minds So disciplinedr that quick . and .wise- desirous of becoming induced 400 women to sign a petition teachers; commencing nature in thoughts, about.almost everything next Momlav; inst..!' at it o'clock i u against the appointment of a.'Jewish teacher " ' the 7th . I a. t i o ii - r .. i 11 t i i v nri1 in i'iik p; is i u it rn! ii in: at the village public school. ,2 j ..v.wv. ... tin iiie lAimversirv ouiminirs. j ;ai are ever yet lmimttttmt Ax orator, speaking of "woman; lovely the truest and most energetic friends fanciesXwhich demand intelligent answers to of Among the "Exponent," we are pleased to mention Avoman, concluded thus: "Depend, upon it, almost duties lnl)Ttyp Mrs. Buth of Beaver City, who will act my fiends, nothing beats a, good wife.,, more than any others, must have that close as Agent in Tylor behalf of the journal for that county; "I beg your pardon,' said one of his hearers, attention which enables one to eont rive, plan, also our Agent for Weber county Mrs. A. M, "a biid husband does. ;" measure and determine concerning the most Frodsham, who is unremitting inlier efforts to Chester-interlereinwoman Avith d the welfare of the paper, j The "Exminute items as well as the greater indispeusi- - promote has courtship, and begged him to Stay many aiders and abetters, to whom bilitles connected with daily living. The most ponent" we, tender ouraiiieere thanks for their kindness in contributing so liberally and inces.-antl-v iuateriajJv4d.wleie to the evening, wheniel4xspec)etl her .owni r piired loverin conipiiediindjj i nk bu th ng ; twj thout this, a correct kmnyiedge iUomvanxZM emigrants, the first of t lie aflectioiris a heartless iiry0J:Z::K-of aiiyt lii;ng;Isu.na itFrajnM Xpeasohjiirj Kvnnston College for; Ladie has: received OMEzAFFAI HH;: were at the l.'tah Central dejMjt, to welcome lIpointmeiit ! si-;x- ! Jui - ! Kh -- v . 1 . 1 i- 1 1 i . tiHetl-viilr-rad-iatit -- V-- : her-hrot- her's byte 1 its-interes- ts Tiik kkaokks of the Exponent, noticing a theieititwvJiftjVp vigor very little like tlielcouditipii in wJiich change in. the name of the editor will doubtless the early pioneers to; these .were Wont held in Philadelphia, itt July, 187(5. valleys a cause. or For fortnigth past, readily infer the to lind themselves after months of hardship and ULaiiy Shelley, who died recently in EngsineeJ he aftamoou oLlh xteeii tliof J u nc, fatijgrieTros'sin land, was the person who madoVeopy of we have been highly favored with felicitations the confidential letter which the duke of foot. and congratulations of a warm and agreeable wrote to Sir John Burgoyne on V J lit ic Mhy Presi del i tii eorged Wellington from on kind friends and affectionate nature, A. Js'mith and Mr. Thomas W. Jennings, of the tfedetenselcsstiite:of theiiigdoinpamtzz sacred event the in of the ourunion handjOU sent it to the Loudon "Morning Post." - every bond s if wed oekywi t IrM r. Y.TLev i R icl i a rds" Palestine party, a rri ved at Kva uston where Mrs. Carey, sister of Senator Stewart, has whose name wc are now content to wear in eon they were met, warmly welcomed and escorted been nection with our old one. Hereafter we shali home to this city, by President Brigham Young, town appointed postmistress at her native in Ohio, with a salary of She l.e able to give our young lady readers occasional Mrs. B. AV. Smith and a large party of friend .,20(, over the household presided of Senator hints and words of advice on the subject of and relations. Both gentlemen appear to have Stewart the of absence his during family in matrimony, which we have lately concluded is, been in all respects benefitted by the travels Europe, and is a very .charming and estimabe of interest to them all. Jf the and experience they have had, 'yet, are heartily ble lady and a widow. present issue of the Fixi'oxEyT should seem a glad to beat home again among the Iatter-da- y Miss Fannie H. Richards, late engrossing little prosy, we ask the gracious consideration 8aints. President Hmith gave some interesting of our friends, and promise for the future to be, accounts of portions of his journey, in a dis- Clerk of the Iowa Senate, has accepted a position on the editorial staff of the State always on hand ami most happy to do our best course delivered in" the Xew TahennitdeToii Printing Company, and is dailyr engaged in ; to please and gratify them all sU far as our Sunday, the 22. premring copy for the fifty papers now sun- humble abilities will enable us. AMuENloovlIast issue.wentJo pres, itiwas Iplied wi th auxiliary sheets by the Dcs IMoines . j .i An Ixsaxk man named Henry Hampton, anticipated that ere another fortnight had past insiuution. committed suicide in the Insane Asjlum of away Sister Eliza JR. Snow would again join Every noble and every great man is but this city one evening recently. her friends in Utah, after her long and pleasant a mirror to reflect his mother's virtues, and Madam Anna BtsHor has been making journey to Palestine, and back." In this, how the noblest sentiments that have tended to sweet music for the people of this city, and ever, her numerous friends here can well bear our fame, and honor, and glory as With being a little disappointed, when they promote theatre goers have enjoyed a musical treat. a nation, are but developments of the simple1 YVk auk solicited to say that the sisters, in realize that she is still enjoyiug herself while but sacred words which first fell from a absent from home, visiting among' old mother's saying paper rags, are respectfully requested to yet Iips."Smith,s Magazine." . ; the see iiiat altraga they mini in are perfectly clean friends and relatives,, with her brother,-iMks; Levi Woodbury, avIio Avas a, belle iii Stated and ready for use. fine productions from her pen, and may feel President Jackron's day. when her husband commuiiica-tionH, To ensukk attention to their certain of having the pleasure soon of bidding was Secretary of the Navy, spends her suiu- mers with her daughters, at her old home corresjwndents writing to the Exi'OXEXT her welcome back to Salt Lake. in Portsmouth, N. H., and may ofteu bo over Tassuiiied signatures must make kyown t excuhsions to the Pleasuhe Great Salt seen riding on horseback alone in the subtheir real names to the editor. . steam-boon and broad its bosom, urbs of that delightful old town. Iake, trips The Fo u kti i is now but four days distant ; are becoming noted sources of recreation for JTlierc but there fceenistobe wlmilove4solitude andgeneral liolidays- - The Iike poseses ? good live in arciwomen it, who realize the idea that - they being made for its reception. The fire natural advaiitages for those who aro fond of no joy but that which flows from the w'ho have are apparently the only-onand with the increase of population, seek bithfng; ardor enough this season to create a sti rr t wealth and traveling facilities, we anticipate depth of thpir own inner beings. Very few understand what infinite advantages 44A Constant reader of the Fx ton ent' ' has seeing fine watering places spring up on the people If sent us some good ideas in pleasant language; shores of L the "great inland sea" where our exist in solitude, especially for woman. ho be married and have children, her: and we regret that shefAvithholds her name, citizens, and visitow fromibnnulj-rin'rnjoy- jr circle is her solitude if tho contrary ' famiy ther in summer hot eventhe thus obliging us, in acconlancewith establ islicd time, invigorating be the case, her solitude is absolute, one "in breeze blows from that off the Lake, whicli she rules, to withhold her production from publica- ing can actually live alone." ; tion. " ":: bathing in its buoyant waters, its delightful In 1818 a French woman, Avho earne'd Jier Miss M. E. Cook, with a party of students scenery, evening promenaues, . rides on the wash i ng, was passing in the of the Deseret University, had a very pleasing beach, and moonlight excursions on thewater. living by streets of Paris, when a pistol was fired at out, on the --'Ith iiU., .taking an excursion trip How often a sound night's sleen changes M.rhicrs. The bullet missed the intended to Ogden, where the young folks had a line our feelings towards, those .who differ from .victim, and lodged in the flesh of the woman. satisfied with the us! And how frolic, ami returned well h cautious, after this experi She is now in her year, and en-- . : day's proceedings; enee. hould we be iu our hasty, jo3's "saying to"ine I'President, I received linEsiiiENTYouNci .niM.Lpar.ty weiitly rail J demunciations of the conduct and opinions in my arms the bullet ' which was - destined : ' :,; .. .. from this city to liOgan on the iith lilt., where of others! for you iu 181." ei 1 and-shoul- d . : ; , . T -- ; n - '': . at -- : -- com-pani- cs - es k it-- r ' ' : - fifty-nint- -- ill-digest- ed " SI ' i . 