WOM Knglmd; it wilt lo will if they an tuiln.' laud belhoked with croup. If nHiild lie nj formed in a more cxmiiiYon style than anticted whose mother attended jthe 'Retrench. SPLINT n?fr. m I 5 r "f v meiit n i ee t i i g w in re n remctiy tor it yi is tided, that little one tev'Huired the pain ofMitloeatioii 1 Uattll OVllilmp Anurkan woman, who ., claims f a:i !() X K X T. AN'S-.K- ni i,s ; i- - f"fl - .ni.uiuu ui iuih uae. n?m an . , ltwi inn . ,! ;w!;, Af 1 itVA4l'..u'l.a;A.;..: '....,.;..'ti- iiwimi iiiuu amJ v-- a:- Liiiii' lilVl.t il .ivmil.l - kUi llfvl semi mr "grandmu! or - n Jfahal has a you..;; lady jnxurterfy bicpwnioii' to ;tr,l ...oi., Septom&r v. hohas for two years, oir ami on, iassed for V m. . i ' :jrro.k for l.or-- o stalling, I1:lme(t (ianmm recently shot Lis wife, s i)t ueii lil'i. .. auntie." For it ii. ii. aiHHiK'r, inai puiver- . . ehiid, aiul a piece of thick brown paper saturated with oil and placed nixm the lumrs wid atlbii! it relief. Tiien, there is o mneh time, was j uuumc ium biuiieiJiigi uiiu prouai)! inc me, oi .... an infant saved by a mother's having gone to kil- - .:.;:r.-':.'- i indignation meeting in consequence of the oy tne la te iHiain Sulli vant adverse "decision of Judge Hunt intlmYSusan to Harvard bequeathed University 15. .;. Anthony case... ...Rebecca W. Kilt brook, I'iimea.ii for. vears he meeting. main Allen, Jr.. a well known writer for Harpers 3iont h i v V i 7 Kt or. Vf the She might have learned su simple a le.sou al died . F( and other tieriodieal,: died JulV 1 thfv s V i s i " " with it.; But it should be remembered that whUe she was learning it at meeting, a hun dred others, perhaps, were learning it at the I of ret f.ilme t ' Pitt?hel:3Ia,Ji,n 1 . ' " : ,., plnyinjrTTA-nurab- cr v hn:-mrt-Tmnmh,i- u'mus a? " MOrkt'' a contn.ct for ','""f, "1 irtto offullil! counties ln Ol.io,! hi S" teiKled.tofarsurpass in.t - iu"ii WntwOTtlrhaiTto us oivu.wuu llO - ;AH'hlH .:r., eaeii...-,.rraii- K rr "a"' " l'"''-'(lie-gre-at nrli! Il'ftll rllfiii-nnfllnr-t.n- r im 7 . " . tl - ? ' UfillllllJ Ul wisdom." Does a woman professing to beloug organofBoston. n. . rn- - ' RI8i"U1? heard of if. ICcli. LUiU ,13 HJU Itoaheihureliio ? ,.r cuujc. ..i.i.i.. r, i oir 01 niicu milium gas every jeei iir Aiwy, paiii, three thousandfhetory ayoi bamts, manifest, fear of Otlending the Lord r :; Jiour,-it is )ronpuuccd the when she treats lightly the eommandinents iiancU have htruirk iforiejfo hours andj higher twenty-iouairoo...ir.e Lincoln club of NowuYork greatestg-a- well mitheworld.thas been which He gives for the guidance of His people, J;as oniereinV copy of through the mouths of His Prophets? When Cast down and trou bl etl in spirit, can she izo to (iieeley, lately funiished by Mis Kdmonk ".ek was Him for strength and consolation, with the Lewin, and greatly ulmired .:.:.. Records of f r r same faith she might have enjoved had xhe eri,uoalmSfimUi(iijln ?U,1,,LC tuueu "V of the ail other V,H an Italian riay.....me joined with her sisters in seeking wisdom from 011 urer "omen coast the l'acirte are lady, is the editor of the Woman's Rights the only proper source, and given a jwrtion of n ta. has! im Chine: - her tinie to instract and bless others? All mav .str0,,fffSf?l?.!ii paper published at Venice..:.Lond(m m,atw"-v;-real name of Kate .,Stod-; seem a j for the use of ladies opened ialnjratoiy bright and fair with her at times, but it the -z L L. e dard, alleged is ...... murderess, ...31. tudying expvrimenbl cliemistry. will not always be so. And when her trials I an re ot 1 ms, ha ? had a de of pictures, and temptations come,. she can 'call on others which brouglit him the sum of lialf a mil- lor aid and sympathy much more graciously lloii irniicc....;.Tlte Cinnese have, a custom THE KXPOlBNT if he has imparted freely of the light with of t h ro wi ng rice a fter a jievl mad e; brjde. idiichshe was blest tbrnierly. , Or if sbe has ..The 3Ialta opera house has Ijeen" associated much withintcliigeiit women possess- L. GREENE KICHARDS, EDITOR. by fircl:.;'.rjifc llirlit Rev. Samuel ing the Spirit of (Jod ami full of integrity. VriHerfcjr e - fell rem his hore iirni broke bolding sweet counsel with them, and treasur- - ,u j til krtl IL li.lhU Ii II. lrlll XMsaiiaiit. i nrepare.1 to wis,!, ,1,, uill l.,.,eUer recently ...An atten.pt nd,f, othei-sjSinato a"i rciieh" Ma rshal while lie waTwallanT hn?8' .wrei! ?iace, one time, hours of per uionui, V on the grounds of his vilhi at Rirrittz. waslsffiff . wuHHuiiifatiyns to Want of time is the .excuse- made bv luanv 'made a few days since, but was not succe-- ? "Adre3W"a11 J-''for neglecting these important social duties; but nil, the guilty party being arrested..... .On J; the gulf coast of Mexico, the yellow-fevetime is saved nio re .frequently than lost by is making Sitd .ravages;,.v;.Judgu: Vrh't;.: of SALT LAKK U1TY A utJ i st , 1873, , r observing them. VT Vahingtou is charged with haVjpg nine'AVork! work! work has been toojong a teen times, niisai)propriatejd Avliich motto not eleaiiyT understood. Labor is inoney LAI )I ES ASSOCIATIONS. was put in his hands for Indian lmrijoses. able in all, but not constant, unmitigated . . . . . . :..Kate bloaard of .New uik, arrested fori A l'LEA FOR TIIKUt HOLblNi; MKKTInW. drudgery, performed with the idea of laying up the inurderof Charles (lM)drieh. is t,J a fortune. . bia heautiful woiiuuj, wan and weary look-- ! Not imfrequeiitly Klo we hear such expressions treasures and amassing to wojk is 'healthful trainiiig for, MueyeTmldM tresses...... A Chinaman' in S;tn Fniuciseo, ladiesj more esieeialiy the young and nonchac every individual. But there should be a diver, whose waslihouse was broken ititr hv lant. '1 think a woman's place is at liome sity of employment; and there is no better j than that from change of work fbr rioter-- , rired three revolver shots owh ailairs, instead of beiu" househohl cares and woman, among duties, to social industrj-- , them, when they tied in ilisiuay, not Mng olrat these meetiugs.,? of an instructive and enlivening character, pivpared br such a reception..,. ..Vera Cruz However,! thesei thoughts do not appear to Ms jvvill aid in all otherJabors, eheering-and school population is 111,021,- - of whom irouoie ihem while they are "somewhere else," and quickening all the faculties, blessing, time arc white.-- ... r. and M rs. Fleni i n gossiping, perhaps, or idling precious that after, requirements are performed with . r some in manner.away light of San Francisco, have sued the California The tiuestions may be proi)ouiidetI with Pro- - greater ease and more satisfaction. Pacific Rail Tioad s2-MM, fur Cmqauyfor a son of theirs being killed through the l)neiyr nave- - ucli ladies ever attendetr the SALUTATION TO THE LADIES OF carelessness f an agent on the mid.;. ...The meetings, held hy the Relief Soeieties -- and UTAH. Captain of a ship, lately landed on the Retrenchment Assoeiat ions, i n this? city and the settlements throughout the Territory? Have rpaeilie. eoast,jhas bad toljwyi l7,O0U-f- or Sai;c Lake Cm July 14. 1873. a jiumber of Chinamen more than they any ideas concerning the teachings given. Beloved Sisters :, bringiiig in the faith of the Cosmd of the the size of the vessel allowed and r.o nmm wiienis io from the many Son of Cod: . forill treat ment to one of hisseamen...:.A Mr. made by women of experience It is impossible for iiie lo express the joy and iticiuivdson js explorimr Vanemiw. r Tinri and profundity? Benents in all forms wldel, gratitude of niy heart, in being once more in - with a View to the ultimate construction of the gaining of tuulcrstanding eomprises. Do your midst; in the gathering place of the a uiauco railroad t( Albemia..' ..It realize that by atteiu liiiir Hips,. :.imrc iuej lonest of heart While absent, I have everthat. the medical virtues of iish oil for hnwr they learn in a few nunnents time,' things "elt niay a tlegive of pride and thankfulhetvS that complaint hiivt v n 4 U1U to value Chines my Jiome was in Uiah-i- n the valleys of the "i, Or "f,mHkCl"Se U some Cocky. Mountains- of America. !;atomeftiturowriQ.lf: U Whatever others, in their ijrnoraiuo- nii'dif- - - - "know," that in Utah, are associated the best .. J ,U(,S! All young children are liable to take cold and noblest spirits that , are taberimeled in the -- - - v , ; s Suldwt-.,:.:.3IiIeBec- crL 1 it .r.7 T ' ' :r , W0MAS! j 1 - J 4 - m. U,:df;C ,m m -- si 1 , 1 i j I 1 n ' . - SEl: ' r . -- I j 1 I I . i i . . nislve. iii-wtttr-p- . s "orher " to.xuuhl-thtxdiokTaM....Ju-ATirgin'iufli-- ; - - ue-tleri- " ved wise-suggestion- - 1 Tin, Su'si r-ci- - 5 . V T V. . 