WO M A N'S EXP ONENT. . . . f l" it. uc. (ausum idea" t -- HO - now being no death resulting from it at the time of writ and Apostles; and they object to ing. iue iejcsiiai .order of marriage, as 7it has been repealed in this dispensation. In fact, these Through courtesy of President Mrs. Mary L Home, of this eity, and President Mrs7 Jane believe just as they please. ir ihiFffliisfon, S. Richards, of Ogden, we are'enabled to fur that such belief will bo in accordance with the nisli 6ur readers in this number of the I'ONEXT with iwn lut nmetitifr if v vJl O j ui ieentcrtainedtn- - fheso verv consistent communications individuals as to what forms a from "the Representative of of properkind the Ladies of Utah, abroad" Sister Eliza It. " -- "v, uctuim jvuveiuisis, iiKe the ancient Snow. .yy-v,..,t.au.-Huuiievc in tne Second Coming of t11 Jesus Christ, and but little is said of Thk Exponent has once stated that all itr but the Latter-da- y Saints belies the same communications, addressed to its columns, to J11!"? p teach i ng t rea receive attention must be Jeyjueeused accompanied by the sonable doctrines, in consequence. signaturoof-th- e writer. Again it becomes -- Viewed in theTTight of calm, philosophic necessary for lis to request contributors to send and unprejudiced jrefleitioii, when the attempt us their names not for publication, except is mane oy the Lmted States, to comnel they desire it as was before stated, but beeause Lat nte tojrhangethe!r:rel igious he-- it correspondispropcrlor us to know, who-ou- r lief, discard doctrines held sacred, repudiate ents are. of,-ther- IVopliets 'DIVERSIONS. ' V V---1-- - Z-r- A iiising , 1 Shocking iP&are TV M V -- , to-da- ter-daB- at derous attack and pig killing? One is assiiult with intent to kill, and the other is a kill with intent to salt. y, ai Somebody inquiringat the Springville, 111. - ' a'godd d i nnr-e- , ! i IT A "YduxG' Shaver. MQ)arbersJoy. A Truism. An expensive wife makes a pensive husband. Boys are like vinegar: the more "mother' V there is in them, the sharper they become. TliERE aro .some things it won't do to trifle with for instance, a woman's opinion and the business end of a wasp. m. a7 . j A magnetic battery. ltd w toTserve liin-lil- v manA lamplighter, e t te re i k e -- I rfor-Iowe, their tojihe was no : ' calved "there misyeQhM ihTgff shut the gates of communication opened by Tin: Palestine party, when last heard from, for anybody's cow. at- Naples, I taly, on January 20th, and letter there & Aim ighty bet ween the heavens" ami the were were to leave the next morning for Egypt. Ax exchange tantalizes its .readers with earth, at the risk of imprisonment, desjwiling On the 27th they visited the excavation of this atrocity: 'Have you heard of the man 01 propcrtyand perhaps deaths then- - this who got shot?" "Got shot? No; how did .Republic aims at i accomplishing what Home Pompei, buried for eighteen . centuries; the he get shot?IIe l)pught tlienh . . tried to do through many bitter and bloody next day they visite(i Herculancum attl'ie Wjjefjuer byaii - eruption ? of.Vesu A youxg lady .who was. rebuked by her JerseMtionsnirOTed and on the 29th they ascended the mother for kissing her intended, j ustified Were some of the bills vius; prospect. the act by quoting the passage: "Whatso-lately introduced in Congress to become law, beiriJ? carried iii a im chair, and looked down ever you would that men should do tin to leawfrii crater" whlclriialf M "oflfe - men- - i n t h iserri stretched destruction on the towns and villages at its .until the gallows wouhl rise up, black and base. Vjlitti,e fourrycar old jsat jilonp in tlie ' parlor, when a "new doctor came suddenly ghastly, against the sunlight of heaven, and they would compass, if possible, the death of Drm.NG the week between the loth and 22nd to see his sick mother. The doctor naturally some of the best men in the community, for oflast month two deaths occurred, news ofwhich wished to make his acquaintance,; and old are yoiv mynmt3"" "I'm allcgcnl crimes which they never commit- was sent all through the Territory, and from asked7How not old I'm new," said the boy. ted, yet, really for religion's, sake. But,, so whicltour young people, particularly the male The man who sat up all night weighing far the Almighty has preserved His ieoplc xrtion of the youth of our communities, may and tyet, that history is repeating itself, is none the draw striking examples of a highly beneficial a ton of coal with a pair of steelyards, less clear, llere we have the lhighlest power character. AVe refer to the dreadful, horrifying by the pailful, to see that he 'had received a few on earth for .with its !ouiidless resources and doom of the outlaw and murderer, young Ben- full weight, thought he was f until he remembered hat he had rapidly growing imputation this country is so son, of Logan; and the calm, hopeful, holy pounds d death of the trusty servant and follower of not deducted the weight of the pail. having its authority directed 'by. A large room in tho accountant's oiiice and pitiless bigots to crush out the people that God, Major William Pitt, of this city. Of tfie pioneered and settled this vast interior region; former, little need be said p the gloomy circum-staiie-- c at tho East India House was divided into, connecttnl with a life so dark, a death boxes or t comrnirtnientspiiiieh:';.ofrjwhtcli: .and the cry goes up "Boot out the Mormons from Utah." Wiser men, better men, the more so terrible, stand without comment, a fearful six clerks were accustomed to sit, of whom called conservative element of society, even if they wa ruing to persons of unrestrained passions, or Iamb once was one. They were the ieanig7)ftp--wor- d caiinotoincide "witlf the "Tjelfef'oitriitter-- . liose who are given to vicious habits. But a "Compounds,1'" and,t being asked oiie day, Iamb explained day Saints, deprecate all such proscriptfve and death and funeral like that of Elder Pitt, can extreme measures as are urged. J Jut the fanat- only be pronounced a triumph, for which, it it as a "collection of simples." ical class is active, and the numerous class does was worth living an honest, virtuous useful "What are you bellowing about?", cried ife. TO witness such a gathering of friends, an irate mother at the foot of the stairs one not reflect while the conservati ve element is evening, after .her two boys had been put , and the whole na t ion t s perm i tti ng uid to listen-- to the cheerful, "itself to Uie UestrucJ tcstl monies "oflnpfedrmeii on sucli "fiii occa "Well," tion of religious liberty, and to the overthrow sion, bring up the hopeful thoughts of one of Bill, Jim wants half the bed." bed and half the have him of republican principles, unless the best citizens old, ""Let me live the life of the righteous, said she, "let : you take the other half." "Yes, mother," of the country bestir themselves to avert the and die like this jti.--t man." said Bill, "but he wants his half out of the ,U danger.' 0. middle, and make mo sleep o:i both sides of ..WOMAN'S VOICE. him." : HOME AFFAIRS. 7 before Vasliington's hi rthday, The day Woman's Exponent: Editor in giving The Utah question and the wbnian question 'As a lover of Truth, X take great pleasure in February last, a lady teacher, lucr to pupils, should change corners during one session of in the noticeofjheoiningliolklay tlioKime.-the about gooITlYasIiington, : Saints said something the "Congress. Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da-y asked and have had much and then should v;e question: It is worth noteing, that the heaviest snow- twenty-tw- o inyears,time. celebrate that It is over twenty "Why more than "mine?". Yashington's storm which has fallen in this valley for years experience birthday commenced on Monday night Iast 21th ult., yciirs since I left father, mother, brothers "Because he never told a lie! shouted a am a believer I Z: for the sisters and Gospel. and continued until AVednesday morning. A lived in it sixteen years little boy. very large amount of snow fell (luring the time. in polygamy, have This was rather hard on the teacher, but never once wished, to be out of it. have and did not see it. PitEsiPEXT Bkigham Young has returncHl thank God my Heavenly Father, for His the boy I from Southern Utah, where he has spent in enlightening my mind to know the wilder so far. It is gratifying to state that goodness the Truth when I heard it; and that I have Judge Poland's Congressional Credit his health is good, and that he enjoyed himself embraced it. And I do know that tho Lord Mobilier investigating committee, in its very much while south; while the Saints there has heard and answered my prayers many report, laments the painful conflict of test' ' . appreciated his society. times.' I tako the Exponent and like it imonywhich is a mild way of saylngrt No We lea kn from a private communica- intich; think two dollars well spent in sub- perjurr among prominent politicians. admire the. tion from Fountain Green, Sanpete County, scribing for it, and would not be without it wonder people are tisked to' lofty character of tbo modem gentlcinan that ..cousiilcrableik'luuiss'..in...tliose... parts.U for anything.i.;Ll,v.l..:,-.v- . M. E. W. who makes lawn profession and politics a occasioned by a disease which home pronounce X tmde. Small-poOur correiondcnt had. heard of Salt Lake City. : )6st-oflicef- ora 1 M - " . hunihig-ffiouiUajhy- 1 ' - - " ; a-li- ead . evil-minde- -- -- T qui-cse- nt , light-produci- ng tbllrtirtSrundn, , ' . ' . 7 -- " : x. . . 