W OMAN'S 16G CORKESFONPENCE - OF MISS SNOW Alexandria; Egypt, v Rome. . . , T 1873. Wofound3YiUXljmucliiJijluit ancient capital- - of the world strikingly interesting. The unremitting work of time is nowhpre more apparent than in the ruins of that once magnificent city. The excava tions commenced at the expense of Napoleon Third and yh ich K are continued :by the present government bX Italy, have brought to light, most astonishing specimens of former grandeur and architectural skill. Although much more remains not only many feet beneath the surface of the earth, but also below spacious palaces and ; temples of compara-- 1 i carried by Iiuman beings as these poor "mule's, camels laden with e normous masses women carrv on their heads. In, the city of of straw, grass, lumber, rock, and frequently with a man onjhe top of the load; popple of visited, America and England are repre all classes in'earriages arid buggies, rudelycon-sented in1 th0 circles of fashion. : The grand strueted vehicles containing twenty persons -men, iwomen and- - children ; and to eom-- f promenade and public gardens were very gay, especially in the afternoon of the Sun pletc the medley, dogs and monkeys. Th eTnosTcxmirca ily a m ii si n g practice, and r At 12 (midnight) of the 2nd of February one of constant exhibition, is a person, we embarked on the "Saturno," an Austrian either Turk or Christian, on a donkey, with steamer, and arrived in Alexandria the a man or boy in gown or turban, running i morning of the Gth. We had a' delightful in the rear, ; and with a stick punching or striking the animal io quicken its speed. voyage, no one of our party was the sea was calm, although the day before Our highly respected cashier and inter-prete- r, Brother P. A. Seliettler, adopted this ana tne day alter our voyage were very fashionable style, but much to the regret of boisterous. MissiLittlc and myself, he disappointed us sunrise on the mediterranean. of the gratification we anticipated in wit We mounted "Saturno's" deck to sea nessing the interesting and undignified A grand, magnificent scene, The rising sun in its majesty, exhibition, by performing it clandestinely. , Diffusing its golden sheen. These Arab runners ou ttrjrdonkeysand " February 9th, Woman's Exponent:- My Dear Luea : I wrote you ; last in Editor E X P O K E N T. velyffibd'emffi erected upon the ground formed by accumu- - Jationsthrou day-wciit-tiierer- -T,r ' sea-sic- k; r ; constituted a sepulchral arch over Rome of the Ca?sarsv While there, we were inforined of a design to remove those modern build ings in favor of perfecting the work of : excavation, and since leaving, have read a 1 " :r' carriage-horse- The morning is fine the air serene-Anthe sky above is clear, Except where a "tiny cloud r Like a floating nymph appears. g, itis r of-ea- The blazonry over head. The horizon wrap'd in a burning glow, A thrilling enchantment spread. . No place that we have visited makes one feel so thoroughly from home as Alexandria; and in no place have we had more comfortable quarters and better fare than here. Yet he medley of nations, religious costumes, colors, d ialects, e tc. , etc. , and the dilapi dated appearance of the city, constitute a scenery at once interesting, ludicrous' and extremely amusing, 13; it my sheet is full, and I will leave Alexandria, with this intro duction, for a future opportunity. We go - v to-morr- ow. t E. It. Snow. Cairo, Egypt, Feb. dito ii Exponent; Dear Lijla 11, 1873. are now - " - , , in the flourishing city of Cairo, but I will take you back: to Alexandria, to which I intro duced you in my last. Although the buildings generally, in that once celebrated, antiquated city, are speci mens of age and decay, it contains some respectable appearing ones, recently built and owned by foreigners. Most of the streets are unpaved, narrow and 'filthy. Our hotel in Alexandria occupied a pleasant position ; our rooms, on the third floor, front ing a public square eight or ten rods in width, affording us full views of two streets and four sidewalks, which" were most of the time thronged with people and animals. From our balcony and windows, which opend- at full length, we had an excellent opportunity for studying national peculi arities. The sight was at once intensely amusing and interesting It would be im possible to give more than 'a faint idea of the strange" variet i es to be seen-a- t a glance : men, women and children of every shade of complexion from the fairest blond to the most glossy jet, with every variety of feature, and in every imaginable costume. In five minutes I counted twenty different styles of covering on the heads of that number of male bipeds, saying nothing of those or the feminines. Mixed up with be seen, men, women and pedestrians may children on donkeys men on horses and AVe' donkeys, etc., aside clear a passage. Oh the streets, Americans, English, French, Germans. Italians, Greeks, Turks, Abyssinians, ews, etc., etc., mix, and it is impossible to discover from appearance vinrnlhfv ail yhn Tool mfv. flf -- lmmc English party who crossed the Mediterra-nia- n with us, have already adopted the neat, little, Turkish cap, which; with turban and gown, is the predominant style in Egypt. In Alexandria, most of the hotel servants appeared in no other.- I had tried to persuade some of the gentlemen of our party that this costume might become them,;; but, up to dater they have only donned the cap the gown is only yet in prospect. The custom of veiling the facer which Is much practised here by Egyptian women, appears to be very inconvenient. I have alrgady seen thousands with only the eyes. and sometimes the forehead exposed; some with white veils and dressed in white; others with black, and dreased in blacky and also in various colors; some very richly clad. Most of the veils are short, made of thick lace, and fastened across the face just below the eyes. The outside garb, or covering, e in form, is laid over the nearly head, fastened.under the chin-- falling loosely over the shoulders and reaches to the instep; and frequently parting in front, exposes to advantage a beautiful, rich underdress. AValking in the public garden, seatedi n an arbor, on the sidewalk, riding on a donkey or in a carriage, every Turkish or Egyptian woman you see, looks as though she had a large shawl over her head. Considering the outside appearance of the den-lik- e houses of the Arab Mahometans, it is very surprising to see how neat they look. Many, both men and women, dress in white and really rwhite; their religion enjoins cleanliness. They have fountains in front of their Mosfjucs, where the people wash before prayer. Wo frefiuently see them washing themselves beside the street, probably preparatory to praying, for wherever a true Mahometan is when the hour of prayer arrives, he lows to service. Wo have seen' several where we were passing, bowing their heads to the ground while., their lips moved as in silent devotion. But to Alexandria. The first morning after our arrival, the early and frequent discharge Of cannon, reminded us of our '"Fourth" and "Twenty-Fourth.- " Ou inquiring the cause, J The sparkling waves of the sea below, o Cairo ch. authoritytick inhaud to d . : s, . But I " miveheoffheser clearing the street before them. President Smith and jparty rod out Anon, the disk of the "king of day," this" forenoon in two carriages, with a runner O'er the wat'ry main arose; Now upward and onward he makes his way, in white gown and turbim, in advance Till the canopy gaily glows. They felt themselves - to be men of jmnpjniaOheori , speed. It4s quite customary for people of conseqqenco to equalliorseszatprettr igood : . published ajrticle of demolishing had commenced. and hasten on to Naples, where we arrived in the evening of the 25th of January. That is a city of pomp and beggary; in fact, there, begging; "appeared tcTbcmore a necessity: than in Rome, where children well clad, fat and apparently well .... fed.J sccmetl to beg for mere amusement, no doubt being trained to the business. Bat iii Naples we saw ppvertyxstrikingly apparent, arid beggars.-- clustered in droves. Thousands of men, women and children were on the side walks and in the streets, lounging- - about as though they had no abiding place; most of the men smoking pipes and cigarssome of the women knitting, others spinning flax hi the most simple manner, with a distaff from which they drew; the thread, and a bobbin or spool which they twirled to give a twist to the thread and then wound upon it Many of these people have no resort for the night only as they huddle into the porches of the churches, on the steps, or in niches in the corner of the street. Returning rather late from Porapei one even-inwe saAvgroiips of these houseless people on steps leading into churches. . They are .accustomed to thii manner of- - existence it can hardly be called living. Warm climates, in which people easily; exist, foster indodoubtful whether any lence; v and; inducements could prompt these people to industry. President Smith and most of his party ascended to the crater of Vesuvius, my ambition was satisfied with excellent views of this natural wonder, at a lower point. Continually throwing out volumes of smoke, and frequently ashes and stones, it is a ."marvel that people residing near and at the base of this fiery mountain can- - feel" the serenity they manifest. From Naples we went by rail to Brindisi, from there by steamer to Corfu, one of the Grecian Isles" thirty miles in length and from one to fifteen in breadth, It seems like a cluster of high hills and low dells, mostly covered with olives and grape-vine- s, with hero and there a cypress. Varieties of j vegetables are growing in sonic parts, also llax, Which wo saw nearly in bloom. The Grecian wome:i; living in the country, are, many of them, at least, "beasts, of bur, den." I never saw such gigantic bundles A charming precursor first appear'd In volumes of golden rays, tv ' Increasnff their splendor tilt all around . The horizon seemed to blaze. .' half-squar- , -- -- ; ; 