OMAN'S EXPONENT. ously to them, and who seems to consult and trust IKeiiiT I sa v wh o T se e ms Tot 7 wea 1c men really do, but wise ones only seem to TRUST YOUR MOTHERS Trust mother, Jittlopne,- jour In ifuV morning, ) ust begun, - - -- Trust ybur mother, noble youth, Turn not from the paths of tru.b; ' In temptation's evil hour, Seek her ere it gaiDS new power, ttfco will never iruide you wrong; Failh in her will make you stror g. Trust ycur mother aim to prove . Worthy of her fondest love. . Trust your mother, mniden fair, Love will guide yauotps with care; Let no. cl.&ud ii'eLcojjae between Let no shadow o'er bs Hiding from your mother's heart What may pt Te a p"isned dart- , ' - Trurt your motherseek t provo Worthy of he eacred love. Cabinet." - WOMANLY MODESTY. Modesty is to merit, wha t .shade iOo Cg ure in painting; it gi ves it bol d n ess and more to female prominence. Nothing-add- s beauty than modesty; it sheds around the countenance a halo of light which is borrowed from virtue. Botanists have given the rosy hue which tinges the cup of the rose the name of "maiden blush. " This pure and delicate hue is the only paint that Christian virtue should use; it' is the richest ornrfment. A woman without modesty is like a faded flower, which diffuses an unwholesome odor, ana which the prudent gardener will throw away from him. Her destiny is melancholy, for it ends in shame and repentance. Beauty passes like the flower of the aloe, which blooms and dies in a few hours, but modesty gives the female character charms supplies the place of the transitory freshness of youth. " . ' A MAN'S OPINION. 1 Philip Stanhope, Earl of Chesterfield, was said to be a sincere man when he had no special need to be otherwise. It may be a valuable contribution to the woman's rights controversy of the present hour to show wluit tliis gallant andexperienced person really thou ghf of women. Writing to his son, in the fullest sincerity and with the most geuuiuc and honest desire to instruct, this is what he says: "Women are only children of a larger growth; they have aii entertaining tattle, and sometimes wit, but for solid,. reasoning good sense, I never in my life knew one that had it, or who reasoned or acted consequentially for four and twenty hours together. Some little passion or hu. nior always breaks in upon their best resolutions. Their beauty neglected or controverted, their age increased, or their supposed understanding depreciated, instantly kindles their little passions and overturns any system of consequential conduct that, in their most reasonable nifrinents,-they-mighave been capablo of forming. A man of sense only trifles with them, plays with them, humors and flatters them, as he does with a' sprightly, forward child; but he neither conduits them about nor trusts them with serious matters, though he often makes them believe that he' does both, which is the tiling in the world that they are proud of, forthev love mightily to be dabbling in bnsinesV (which, by the way, they, always spoil), and being justly distrustful that men in general look upon them in a trifling light, they almost adore that man who talks more 'scri-- i -- ht There is an old superstition that praise . is ' dicate that we doubt it), we will venture that the mother of the young man to whom rh.ir viWoYTl:ination was sent or it not her. some other woman could wheedle him with all his wisdom, into her own ways, and make him believe yes, "believe,"- - what ever she chose. Such a man is the very one to be 'the victim of a woman's influence, f child will grow, proud that they never upraise him, and this course is 'often disastrous. It is apt to produce either (too much is a lcgitimateiout-growt- h for of the withholding of commendation to which one is entitled or to engender a of melancholy hopelessness of disposition. Braise is sunshine to a child, and there is no child that does not need it. A WOMAN OF HONOR. It is the high reward of one's struggle to do right; Thomas Hughes says that yomieverl A woman of honor and purity! What a can get a man's bes t out ol him withou t beauHmi:iimeHlial pmiseifrYnu;rM be out of him without praise. Many a sen-- " best can. that than rather have it kings any stow? It is worth more than all the gold sitive child, we believe, dies of hunger for and silver in the whole earth. Shes who ki nd co mmeudation. Many a eh i Id, ta ry i n g merits it wears a jewel within hersoul, anal for the praise that a pare n t should gi ve, runs needs none upon ner bosom, iier worn is as off eagerly after the designing flattery of good as a boncT TfThcre was no law in the ouTersT To withhold praise7vherc. ft Isliue, in the ease of a eh lid, tnridttmghFdrf To take unfair advantage is not in ner; to such acourse often lea ves stinging feense ciothaherneeelioihat shajnay leadflthi ofjnjusticeiMbtiyes of w .... ers to suppose she means something that she well as regard for the future of the child, does not, even while they cannot prove that should influence t he paren t to give gene reus it is not so, would be impossible to her frank praise for all that it deserves. Of course nature.' Her speeches are never riddles; she there is a difference in the constitution of looks you in the eye, and says straight lout child re n. Som e cannot bear so much praise the things she has to say, acting towards as others, and some , need a great deal. It others as slit would have. them act toward should never bo indiscriminate. We remem her. The maiden of honor is always respected. ber a wonderful woman who taught school She makes a good sister and a good wife. in one village until she had educated a part She was one of the 7 You rig 1 ad i es let us s t ri vcf t o be ho norabl e of threo generations. before our Heavenly Father,, and before all most successful of teachers. But her mankind. There is honor in pursuingthe ay in her gift of praising with, discrimina line of Retrenchment which. has been mark- tion. A bad boy who wa s a good scllola r go t ed out for us with so much wisdom; in gain- praises forJi is hrill iancy, siindwiched being and giving all the instruction we can, tween her abomination for his bad behavior, for our own sakes, and for the sake of God's arid so was won to a better life; and w e: repKingdom. , Instead of pulling each other eal! a good girl who had no gift of learning from utter despai r by down, let U3 try to strengthen and bless rapidly, J)utwas-aveeach other, and God will help us in our ef- the praise she got for her untiring industry. forts. If we have faith in our hearts when Into the discouraged hearts of the children, we want anything, wo will ask the Lord for the praise of the teacher came like sunlight. it, and if 1we ask not amiss, He will be sure And the virtues, like other fruits, can only to grant tne oiessing. uur ciuty to our pa ripen in the sunshine Rev. E. Eggleston. rents should never be forgotten; if they are CAUGHT IN THEIR OWN TRAP. sick, the gentlest,' kindest care that we can too is not bestow upon them much, or; more than they would do lor us. A coupie oi caiiiornia convicts rec - To be women of honor," we uiiist strive, quiteufwittFd"tfielnseIvS-ipianning an not only to be truthful and honest in. all re- ingenious escape frqm jatf. They managed and amiable also. to store themselves in a large box irv the spects, but lady-lik- e To be choice of the words we utter and the wheelwright shop where they worked and manners we assume, are duties which we had the box nailed and so arranged that when they arrived in San Francisco, and owe, not alone to ourselves but to our as well.. For making ourselves landed on the wharf, they could open one agreeable is adding to the comfort of those end. Unfortunately for them, when the box around us. Mils. May Tout. came on the boat one of the deck, hands on end instead turned it leaving it flat. The Brain. One of the most inconceiv- This wasupmore than thoofconvicts could able thingsJn4he nature of the brain is that stand: One of them stood on his head, and the organ of sensation should of itself be in- the rush ot blood was more than he had barsensible. To cut the brain gives no pain, yet for, while the other cried out "this in the brain alone resides the powder of feel- gained box don' t stand "The deck hand was! ing pain in any part of the body. If the astonished at thisright exclamation, and his first nerve which leads from it to the injured were on board. - A coun--c- ii idea,was that ghosts " partKiHivide was and scious of suffering. It is only by communi- break held,the box.the aj)taih""dcclded "to"To the utter astonish- , open cation with the brain that any kind of sen- inent of as soon as the sides were sation is produced, yet the organ itself is in- broken everybody, off, two live men came- - creeping out sensible. But there is a circumstance more in a state of perspiration. They were at once wonderful still; the brain itself may be rerecognized as convicts and were .sent back self-asserti-on self-assQrti- on self-distrus- t,; - , sn. -- CIHLtIrEN. too good a th i n g to be given to child ren; Now with alfthis great man's sincerity in that it is too rich for their mental and. moral his belief of woman, rand Ave would not in digestion. Some parents are so afraid that a doit." 1 You "will "find Boaie grief, some fears, ; Which, perhaps may cause you tears, But a mother's kiss may hel A! any grief Ibtt children feci; l Trust your mother seek to prove Grateful for her thoughtful love. f .,; PRAISE . ' - ' snss - -- d I J 1 W - '"T fellow-creatur- es moved may be cut away down the. corpus callosin without destroying life The animal lives and performsall its functions which are necessary to simple vitality, butnolong-e- r havinrr a m ind. it ann'ut t h ink: nr . t ' It requires that the food should b( pushed ested, and the animal will growT fat. ..... f - to prison. ."Exchange." Jackson county, Iowa, has many potato fields . this year, in which the amount yield-- ed wilt not equal the seed planted. It is' often the case that people plant more than they gather, in other fields besido those for potatoes. 