do W MISCELLANEOUS. 0 3f A N 9 E X P O N E N T. S made his appearance, lie asked the lady who JARY ILBARKEIIM..D4 was at one oi the windows of the house, Office opposite 'Old Co nsliluti'n Building, Vain where he should "tie up." ' "Let the horse stand," was the prompt Street Office hours 10 a m. to 3 p m reply; ' the neighbors will watch him for MRS? CARPENTER, you Physician and Surgeon, nougn oi those same neighbors heard t only hope urace at we jownspna nouse, noora no. r.A' plimentary remark-w' TELL YOUK WIFii ! M If you are in trouble or a difficulty, c , yoxir wife that is, if you have tell pne--al- l aDout n at once. Ten to one. her invention will solve your difheulty sooner than all logics The wit of woman has been J-ou- e r, . -- imde4, ; i rv tz r or your mother, of riu ii 1.1 11 11 ui inr u'i m : it did them good. b m . i r Like flakes of snow, that Hdl upon thef s(er and be assured n ALDER & CARELESS, No. 37, - Eat ftplertTT u iw; jrotir.- fiarKiiess. tu.nn.-- nitj oeeiiiiiitriv umiiinormiit evem&.u " Women are too commonlv nroflouneod shal- - life succeed one another. As the snow Agents for tlift Arion Piano,. Mason & Uamlin Organ I , t. . i iow in an our purely woma ni sh affitlm No gathers together, so are habits formed! no anl "Wilson ShuttleSewing Macliinp. r: philosophical student of the sex thus judges single flake that is added to the pile kinds of Music and Fancy Goods. jelo intuitions , or insiirhts4 are duces a sensible chamre: no single action All I subtile and rfflheWnhoiii-atTiulIicreates, liowaver At nmv exhibit, a man's I dark cupboard, them is. no cat thpro character : but as tlio f emnest hurls the ava YOUR HOMES. In counseling ii manio tellrJiis iwife, welancle down the mountain, and overwhelms jURNISII vuum rwier.aimadvi8o him to keen the iniiabitant aml hi.5 habitation. jstv passion. I would ad iso tho Ladies who want to buy fine HOne Of hlSaOilirS fronHwrfAr.iir rtoiin'THi fihti r lfifnnnfs: nf m !QfhTT wMrOi hasrbpeiihailpily hrouh't" together bv Parlor and Sets of furniture to call and I 3iiditter impejcUble etnevedjyancoiifideiftfcin accumulatious, . mayTertmW' examine the immense stock kept ft 1tfAii. naif ;r ana virtue. itx - 01irn-truth uiiiaii is iar more a seer, and a tne euinee by 1 . -" . - TK-k'Stitcl- i pro-M- , . ' -- r Bed-roo- J I -- sj,ft Juiveiiiair As a general rule, wives confide JhrTOinutest pIans juicl thoughts to their propiiet-ttmnn-nia- m nif etiance. II. DINWOODEY, THE BEX. At No. mMlS 31, East Temple Street, at d Ko. 75, First toaW i" thojuppresion of vice and South Street v confidence intemperance."J5ishop Simpson." Ve are certain that no man nl .TlIK &irI t this age is unfit to be wed ..(o,i well in the world as he who nnd erstand how to make nice II. WALLACE,, taking m im-f-- wao j . ner ior Jiie, makes tier the Aiiu i ut1 limn is a dunce wno Has the best, large t and purest stock of confec partner of all his a purposes ana hopes. What is wronjr of his partner will take, who don't undersand tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies impulses or judgment shn Will f'liOfL- - tmrl how to wash, knit and bake. make right with her almost universallvnVht AN Illinois girl having six lovers offered to purchase. instincts. to marry the one who should "break up". ' "Help-mee- t was no insignificant 111 three most the J)OOIvS! BOOKS! PEOPLE IN WANT OF The as result (lays. prairie title, a smart husband, and her fother "i;,n s companion. She is a meet- - was she-gBooks ik All BR4Ncms cf L trhatuak akd JieJp to him, in every darkness, diflicultv. found nis farm ready for planting free of Education will find at JAMES DWYER'S BOOK and sorrow of life. Aiid what STORE need less than Eastern at everything they she most cost. Prices. discounts made to who purchase. all, Special and most deserves, is confidenc- e" i iifluence with us wre A Splendid Stock on hand. graves, woman's With wrthoutIiMr-mVes(efreefro- m shall have no.such wordas fail. Her in shadow. fluence is for good, and we are glad to know is Why kissiji your sweetheart" like she will exert it in behalf of those whoaro NEW- CLUB RATES. with a eating soup fork? Because it takes nearest and dearest to her." Coleman,s a long time to get : 'Rural World." enough of it. Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the A "MARitiEii friend of said our3 UKIXOIW; A SISTKK TO TKliMS. he would part of the Publishers to increase the circulation of have remained single, but he the Exponent and aid in promoting the objects con ihm -- ive "1 making always couldn't afford it. What'" it cost him for templated in its publication, hv jnakincr 'it truly, an WlAh caU ma" I'll clrum, and ice cream," was more than he exponent of the views of the women .of Utah, fus Juenile.--Iu,jm- d I'll tell her how the par- - ffgals now pays to bring up a wife and eteht chil tainfed by them, re'ad by thern, and its columns t h i n ic fv t h enriched with a widely circulated expiessibn of their. dren; Baehelors-shfml- d out.' (hister subsides.) as In Turkestan a traveler relates: if the thoughts, we offer the follow ANECDOTE OF 1, JOHNSON. to prepare for increasing the value and importance of husband of any woman go a Way upon a A"Jrov .Miller wtis a principal the paper with the beginning of the net voiumr. and remain away for more than proprietor journry which nUrger subscription I0,,.n8onV-DIctIoiui, enable us to do: and the man-ag- twenty, days, as soon as that time is the or jast 1 19 of the fund out of which woman copies. year, with a copy to the getter marry another man, and the UpOI IQOC1UO paynieuts were from time to time made to husbandmay 5li U) also may marry whom lie pleases. 1 15 to the uilh a . of lhou-loaSllr- e ?J---"- - "; '; l uit-au- - . .;. .;. ot - :;tt - !T''qLyU . iTz. -- list-wil- er : ; Ayp -overjoyed, that lie sent the t. receipt of the last sheet of the -- ircW - ''"lils. complinLds Samuel. Johnson, with the monev for 7. Mr. last sheet of copy of the Dictionarvand thanks God ho has done with him." drCW fr,U John$on ret(Vt-1keen C copies. year, copy getter 2G 00 up oftheclub. 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter FLOWERS. up 1 ineeiungna r irAmea steel engraving. 12xlG inches, of PrpsiJpht RriffKan. 34 00 Young, selling price, 2 oO SO WTlli 1 1 ear, .1 a copy to the getter ' copiI s, IIe who is only in good' health and is wil-.1 1u suprnor ursi prooi, to work has to fear in this steel engraving of President ling nothing Brigham world. ;;; - You ig, handsomely framed, selling 48 00 Bab temper bites at both ends; it -- makes price $4 Clubs can be commpnrcd at anv tim-- : and addi pne's-sel- f nearly as misprable as it does oth- - tions can bo made after the ilret list of names baa -ujii- - '. . ; ; M u i thin " T iUer' antl is hi hx n00' KWCft thiUlk y Sh to Amlrew "filial WfKl for ' " a,,.v- i--- ff-iuifi-iuuuun - . ''Samuel Johnson returns Ids coinpfimwits er people. find MY 1 ' v.-r.r- been senU 1 ..Li he can remitted by registered letter at the" Aloney risk of the publishers. ehope ladies throughout the Territory, especial--- Tt is almost impossible to state any truth 1 strongly without seeming to conflict with some other truths. , ly tho Presidents and Secretaries ofKelief Societies' - Bi: slow to decide but iih?k to perform. will endeavor to geLup cluhs, and that they will con- suiuie inemseives apents lor the extension or the A hidy in lown chances to he Ti IE three t h ings mo-- t itlicul t are: To oJciiIhI mnf to Eipnkxt. unfortunate n t u. oymnm of some of her neighbors. keep a secret, to forget an injury; and to A ph su ian has or late Examine Yourself. Do it impartially; been necessitated to make good e of leisure. do it faithfully; do it often. Sit down by" cannot ho a pleasant smile on the j and shutting out all thoughts oing no h,tch,ng p,,t before the lady's own lips or the hojieless. The blow that crushes yourself, oor ho subjects, review your own life for the times fastened his the life will .shatter the smile. 1 last day for the last week. Recall both your " fnmt Pf U np,Chbort i; Spake moments are the dust en o of time. acts and your words, for both to others and gold Of all the portions of our life, snare momont to when next (he yourself your Words are often as serious sculapius are the most fruitful in good or evil. realities as your actions." TIU- - .M T1IKUE. d u-- uteri: chH-torseven- d ViW resi-Uf,''-m- on-oth- er 