W O )l A N S. JvX HO 3$ $ K N T. il i ' f anxious to see as many of our friends anil t .i t)iul(i.i ii'imr ciwin!iiiViir o visited night ami masculine pnpfiety look after the genuine, relatives as iKssibUy-wto from : . place St. Louis, June 20, 1873. place in rapid whole sou led, pure inindetl, inarriageable day going Lsuecession. I am inclined to think that so womeiJ,who are waiting on every hand for l Deak LutA.When -- writing au last, j much visiting, was never before, done in so w hich was on the ocean, I did hot : husbands? Do they know that a portion of r t anticipate f little time. 1 e sueceeueu in .inuueriujuauy ireneaio the censure tnat falls uion enner lime or., ODOortuimv lor eommuniea-inany a lovely, cries of. dead both and the and. the Jiomwith you again, while on my way home, liviner; virtuous girl,who nieeftho Jnisfbrfune u bu t, i n eohseq uenee of the ex treme piety of we t h i n k, i fl ma ny i nstanees, have re n e wed b( wooed and wiled away by some villainous this infidel aire, we are in this rreat. live wretch, weari ng the: appearance of a man. city; detained over Sunday. We arrived t ions that:, will extend into eternity. We and a gentleman, is often due them for their here yesterday morning from Ivansas, where feel that God is with us, and humbly trust caini indifferenceahd indisiositiou to marrv? we found our youngest brother, whom we that His blessing will attend our efforts, Girls will be courted and women will marry. had not seen for more fthan twenty years- -! R. Snow. Eliza They must have something to' love. This he Nvas" then a boy, now the father of a large I'. S. By mistake, the foregoing failed element is as innate with them as is the and promising,fainily,jindJoea (of being mailed in St. Louis, and when the instinctive clinrimr to lifeT "'If souie have resi)Iution Sufficient to ;eontrolaiid;:perhai)s our find both arrival. view If you prarie country, commanding a precede anything deaden this native inhabitant of the heart, and at as as of it it in fir is your disposal.. some also lean become so distracted as to grand notice, worthy magnifiqent, extending " the eye can reach. I think I never saw a E. R. 8. commit suicide. And asalmost any style of living will be generally endured, ere the TO WISHES SPEAK. miier is resorted to, so also an inferior ElJTinNE, whUeieMIjiMehr andyery. piuctive, situated five miles from Osage Mission, the marria ge will! o ften beTTreferred i toFiivr-R. It station for that section. 11: ; marriage at all. iVe.-!- . e. mv isui more aoout-uixuiaddress a uivjerlThiheLl need liot serinonize tlie iTr" brother Lorenzo and I intended leaving last .WilljroujrmirEve woras ot iew in oenaji the younnadiesr CTrifehTrfcntjrt!verword she has writifT evening, but are detained till 10 to night, through the- columns of your paper? Of to be truth so far as it extends. She would the hour admitted as 'the close of the Sab- course it is not to be presumed that the exhort them, though,; to be and bath, which, despite the sacred rest alloted gentlemen will read it, so she is quite safe patient and charitable; and while wise, the young the It. Retrains, is decidedly a dav of bustle in saying hnU bo about wnrtb them: - - who inirht . men . - . . whatever she pleases h.vinr ' lutiiiii: OUUJU UIU1 .K,uviii recreation and hilarity. While writing, my UU? 1U? J"" jiiusi noi ten any 01 your anu consmer no woman near enough perfect ears are saluted with almost every sound beaux or brothers, of some suggestions Ever for them, to let such straightforward fellows ' bands of instrumental imaginable music Thine may make before this choose their . own way, but notto throw in irious directions the rumble of article; for if she had cared to playing themselves awav on or irllp street cars, which are .loaded to their utmost Know her sentiments on certain let them points, she A prudent girl need capacity, constantly on the track, conveying could have spoken through fhn K have no tears but that she will marry well, gay pleasure seekers to different joints or - 'Olorninsr HerahP mnm hnn 11 Slie OnlV Waits ... News' frncf Tif JU11,V HUOl. w...j in tmint picnics by land and picnics by water beinsr ' itrat juaiiy-o-i inese "sensible ' iiiuigutmun was iii.-s- i a prominent order of th(j ol aroused upon the subject of which she is men, will find there are 110 wives for youni; daygroups them people are promenading the sidewalks, while about to treat. Ever Thine was nrnvnkPfl I for thpv uvmifi imt mn.t t processions are marching on the streets; but ly readinga httlO item m "Home Affairs" terflies if they could, and could not if thev the It. Retrains must not proline the Sab- in the for June loth, at finding would, and 'all the other Exponent will have tired baths ;; , therein illustrated the inexcusable ignorance of waitingand married ingirls plurality. There When we left Xejv York, my brother and of gentlemen who are how's nn thnt for styled .... .... "sensiblp inJi.nf .l, l:.o s a - .. . I proceeded directly to the place, in the Tr,.-,.,.b...i.cvnW,K,,i is inaue- 10 rne ionowing: iiciciciitu Fvi:r Tiuxf State of Ohio, where he was born, and where it 01 mis city speaks of hav nc urny both were brought up the place of our accidentally overheard a jrroup of sensil.h IDEAL HUSBANDS. childhood and our youth also neighboring gentlemen, commenting on the taste dis- tovnsanduntoesI I,v a playLjmiLJui! writer in the "S;i nla V lleview" savs: thirty-seve- n years; my brother had returned lortion of the 'coiuimr womenv' Thpv OfAcourse mij ould not like to sea. wonipn once, within that time. Very manvnf our counted over their wages and then the cost give themselves to any one, no matter who 7? v OOMhW concluded thev he be, for the,sake of . ... fit vuuu omtu we urn, aim getting married; but ?couiu not marry." the solid of "should be taught life ."it.-.tinner of remembmnpp linsi vioioi every things .1 .1....- viva cuuur, noes 11 occur to vmir them as well as " lv me "w. j.wum its poetic beauties; and 'false stroKes of the battle-a- x of changeful Time, jinind that so foolish a conclusion could false hopes, ideals, . unsubstantial Iovpsbe arrived at by irentlcmen of . Our former, loved afscciateg, ii nn' ? ;t::; ::::r.: siiouni ix) ugorousiy exemaeu. a ixid llft'te mostlv nspH it looks timwK 1,, i.;wi --WhiJ those we a or loveless life is not a pleas.mt knew as children marriage MISS CX3ItKESP0XDEKCE0F tXOV. 1 1 1 1 , "1 -- : .... . i - : ! j j ! s. ft? " - "m ' m . - . . i,r 0-- . -- she-finish- es -- wine-bibbe- rs "good-for-nothingsi- --- ' I- "; 1 . : : " A J 1- 1 11 :.:. i 1 1 .'' 1 ! fc ' -- . - . P-o- Are crowned with locka of gray. We saw Time's variea lrrA Were deep cn every hand Indeed, upon the people, Hore mark'd. than on the '' land.- ; - I ' The hands that once, with firmness, TCeuld grasp the ax and blade, 2iow move with trembling motion, By strength of nerve decay d . comes with such ccrtilln y Hhe heels of the lovesick 1 ana unsuitable the world. in v tviiu-M, nwrr wm a" Ma?i, j more than extravagance would cohshiop rfpsirpri "v iai.iuu coois, ine th?ir tlie youg gentlemen's income! t. , . . . 4U11JI111V.17 couclied when (lie - furrows on the cheek; Of time's increasing volume, : In plain, round numbers speaks W . " ' folks to. " do, orAvbGid do the same pose: the leading trait thTcharcrTf every woman. to be dfa. 1 -- a,ld the aPt languagt, when l'ddihg, Tand iialf a .fhlWren swarm ..... ?. ." Maw'rikiia Kot 1Mt,'f, iSlW ....t.I'n by their mnnnnmr Reflection, we were told, impression?, of growing old. rlh frtereotypd The fact w j wtheirWnir v.r.,.vrr The change in form and feature, And ' cru . -- And thus, as in a mirror's . nivl, IwomehacerLn" mm.rm 7 i " 1 foy lave reduced alut the musty the wiy lieutei.at " " Those of our relatives and who remain, received us withacquainUmces" It aflectiohate in uuiiuiifiHiaiion . J it .was one" continued stayed " gown in a l.fctiine, they had better buy one gentlemen: ovation from first to last J ihmnu nl" ... and we-a- creditably lVUKil lilt" ... ,. "Besides, it is rli.ri(i.,.. m v to the countiesm of Portage, GranM. air .1.. ifiV wtfit 111! -J iii'iii . II II P .wuw uu Fi,S;.T.----.-i.-P ... 0I finery that lUlie SeilSO m:m fw,l 1... ,luCi.uw,iau,UWy -I ... 111 thin l.nr.....I. .1 l. rOTl .A I'l ' Chnu "Villi ' lllllll we anat oqh , ?1.yuu( born sincp v. ?f,fr lmemgent' cordiality-ind- eed i . , r c..hZ i -- - 1 W " .w, i I 1 7 I I . " . T I k a V , -- t- i f 