WOMAN'S KXPONENT, hov. itio ?.i Ai iiwcrun loouu SweodislUUiheximdAm of daughter o -- U nvm.)ii frnnhi Ti.lV' OVHCH evcnjHjrtiou of French Territory except the district of Vcrdun......Two criminals, Nicholson andlirallcrhan,. were handed at Baltimore on the first inst.....A railroad war has been going on for sonic time be-- tween interested companies in New York.e ... ..... .The recent death : ot t lie oneness 01 Inverness is announced....... McViekers average seven ihigojiaainisjo - dollar- s- ne week.. ..Fires stillof rage throughout the land, the, cleansing the earth has indeed commenced.. .. . .During the last mouth the public debt was diminished New Jersey is reported to be S3,70f,18. fl't,, ......JLllU uv-iiuu- u ; , . ,.4-- i - "." : sand "ThatwetUf retire many. KiiintlirMormoiiWo-- . men", own haven't a doubt. And the men? We imuans tneroKeo throat. .....ine her believe that Mormonism is areligfdnf?) inare reported to 'have had Serious difficulties vented "by" men and "for'' men-- -a sort which are enuing in moony wars among of Jujrjrernaut. in avJiosh n.if hi to down .expected lay theirthrobbing, human man lately made use of a bucksaw in cutting SPLINTERS. thir diets that the fflory of Franco, and her greatness shall od restored..... .Tho public Through whatever, sources thei writer of tho ; treasury officials solicit information concern- above may have obtained such belief, to us ing the real cost of the Modoc war, which is it is evident, that it is not founded on a correct known to be larire, but the war department understanding of the subject. And how is decline to give satisfactory announcements. human nature to of things ....Lad v Blanche Somerset, an English mai- - it has not tested? judge correctly tlm mon wl.n That v den not yet eighteen, recently rode twenty Latter-da- j' Saints are those of purest motives miles in one hour and lorry minutes, and firmest lives, and integrity grea test human ,' escorted by h er father, to scb a race, wh ich we have oreasion to know. And to .Miss Mary wisdom, they were too late to witness us it is ample proof of their superiority, that Kueil, a graduate of the Westtield Normal School, takes ttie position of princml of the tlie most intelligent and refined women of Hip School at a salary of Church entertain the highest estimation and Training KT! Springfield An-- n T". 1L- "II '1 I'arsons, appreciafton of its noble and gifted elders; Zoov, in ine piace ui iniss, Jipineiine resigned...... In one week recently, the Bul while the leading women of almost evorv othpr lion- - in the Bank of England increased denomination are crying out agaiust the cor 3,007000. 7.... Count de Paris is, stated to ruption amnimistlcjHof have announced his recognition of deCham-bour- d with whom they are associated. as the only legitimate head of France. ingfrom , their oni testi monies. we San Francisco has iriven liberal aid to cannot Jeelr to condemn the voices'' of those 1 the Portland sufferers. ..... Worcester. Massa women. For woman has fair reason to wage chusetts, Beer. Sellers get fined $J 00. cost of war-v- i thmerr of WierafiohTMio" court, and to spend six months in. the house would tyranize ov.r her, trample her under of corrections... ....The belief that the Yel- their feet and crush cu t every holy nspira tion low Stone river is naviirable to the Bic of purity and innocence, corruntimr and Horn has lately originated .witlujxplorers.,.; tmselves aiMiallojwingherzz: A wrestling match for aside and the debasiugJwrSvith even a to ; . . ' T-- 1 afiiicted .with cattle disease......Cholera is still reported prevalent in portions of Kentucky and Indiana..... .A 3Iethodist conference at : IloiUvinsonville was. recently brokeirup by Wi ll JtHlJ, ill OWliiii'f, ,wwv. jiv"".", HIU falling dead as she knelt at the altar,. ....An Indiaua man reckoned lie could stand the "drink," on being acuittcd for the murdering of his wife. TV. . A writer on woman's dress, says, women dress to please the men, "No and to please or spite each other company or good company" is an excellent Mrs. motto for the young Abraham Lincoln is passing the summer at raise a hand or a voiro in of Ailierica commenced her own chance tit Catherine's, Canada...... A Dundee lady, championship defense. between two men in New York latelv but 3Iiss Baxter, has given 2,000 guineas, to- a ft er more t ban an hour's wrestl ing, was But the women of the Church of Jesus Christ wards equipping a vessel to carry missionaof Latter-da- y have not these things to ries to New G uinea... ...The Duke of JCclin- - stopped without a consumation because of a contend with. Saints, For President which arose..... .Richmond, Vinrinia. Vn..,r VUllg .... burgh, in becoming a "family man" wants dispute have-eveand his associates a storm has had fierce of r "am one soiiLdit. hour which and . . . to back him. , .South .25,000 per annum, still to wo jian .... wi th man, to Carolina is reported to be entirely under the destroyed many thousand dollars worth of At seeking - elevate . nat stammru of virtue and honor from which control of bad neirroes and worse white men. property. hey need fear no scrutiny, and rearard no form Mechanics and laborers employed on the of reproach. And many of the wise and faith- new post office in New i ork, are calling on THE ROMAN'S ui EXPONENT bam ts, women as well as men. stand a v government for "back pay" which they conupon that sacred and blessed eminence. sider duo them for the past two years for their having worked ten hours per day Speaking father of the "Mormons:" "Th,. L. GREENE RICHARDS, EDITOR. Balance" asks very apnronriatelv. nrovirll while the law demands only eight hours..... it has leared nothing of their earnest endeavors, A train of cars ran off the track in Lancaster. PJtv- - v in ubllhcil - Salt I.hIa j v vitj; TTnl AUllIia l.in uuo copy one ycitr, one their ceaseless, indefatigable lalofs to England, a few days since, and was utterly for the Mice of nino. r lllV'ul square, eight ana linos n of nonnarpil inpr. and do good to the human fa mi I v ime, 2; pcr month, !. wrecKea, Kimng severely injuring lorty purily .... 11 ". .. two persons. rl Affftntrf. h.sxt Tsniiilo ct..t r i.T11 inerijeiieveTthat The day following the double jail, uanu vii. iioIvgamy is 'the onlv true system of fonuing mafital excurtion in Baltimore, another murder was Addre all businc!3 coiniuunications to relations ' win-drttbhheri oman's Expo- ext. not to committed in that city, by a Sweedish sailor Anh wha t they convert the try world? Salt Lake City, Utah. . . named Marker. ....Carthagena insurgents o than ... unu organs 01?communication? e have commenced war among themselves, and SALT LAKE CITY, August 15, 1873. The former question in the ahov those of Grenada have become discouraged rn,r.,i. is easily answered bv nronon ruling ZuaJ and offered to surrender to the 'Government What other religious denomination has been to REPLICATION. ......Hard stories are related of the Duke of I the frouli! : Ldinburtrh ; who is said Id be of all the I lue iornions'vnave, ; , . . ,.T . :BoyalIrincS,-.leai- t esteemed., and most vtiunietie"oi" Tiinr "U1CI1 It received as the Gosnol of Balance," of Chicago.Uo give "a first lesson" disliked.... ..The health of Wilson is still reported feeble, but improving. on plural marriage as believed in by the Saints. "The power of God unto salvation0" xvh r . uvuw vi us euuonai on tne me missionaries, f l" ouiiiu .in uiu Jsibier puiies are jeaious 01 r i. nr ihn "Mormon because it Centennial the mou" Question," gives us credit for treat- Pennsylvania, great faith, who have traveled wilm,iV Lipurse . . is to be eondueted in Phi1:idfli)hi;i..... Afiif li inir it in a moro ''iimioi,in o,i i;in,i '1 iiuciai ctinntj v ine i Jnuaoitanfof-f itrr itucuitig oxcitement has been occasioned iirParis by than had been expected To this we answer the first principles of the ' , f.Wi a the meeting at Vienna of Fnmcis Joseph, in brief, that had we trcated the Counts de Chambord and de Paris spirit than that of tlirKentan auu of sin aud representatives of the Bourbon and Orleans lay. 7 ha (, i r;m,sslon the houses, under favorable auspices, which is reception of the Holy - all,-especial- lie-preR- ly S-o- ?iit 00 Iti-io-hu- . A i m to-d- . . 1 v- senii-ninntlil- - ftnT - 7 Y--i I o - Jy. . ' " . . - Vice-Preside- -t-- . a. -.-.! nt , i'' -- 1 px-rn- . x- - . Jl -- vZ hZHJol0 - taut nTtu, Sn, ,n awo "o iurs. ""l'ainmormauon.....wlierevcr llIlo ine goot works . . . ; Vlun 0011 quires at 11 wnm r..K.,i,:n.i wecan. tothosnivlm ..mi4 ' t Cam,, Itrown, forty nnlre holding, if- to be Cl.rWia,, o th,re a,e other , ul mIo ,llc"t' W"''"'. wo iluly north-wemiles to "Kivc .... ..L . . . W. ..r . Hint T... ,f (In n,kAtlaiilicmv. ......... vm. ' . uo Uf It: tMOrP Iflrl tirtr L'hrm- .f .uwt outragious accounts arc given .of. molj-- ,ake ' : : , . ami . .'; uuin,i liall and llrs. lMr.l,;,r,7 l'H' - st . " r' rturc i rcgwi, lire luivo been llm rocij.ic.its of the proceds of a llr.mcl, ml promcmulo concert , .A St. ,-ra-n,! t.u nature 1,1 . .. i, , ' ' fi h,.i . 1 I sati-r-icil- nii ;" 'V " " i, 1 I expiana, nu.mcation'-,- !., (hey not contain a great .leal 'lo,t,on, ,,ro- - in relation to the belief ami practice 'of the ' Jor u,lr CT"s'"-aiople, arawin;; many listinction, l,ete,.n truth and error, and good and evil? They do not , - -- 