 t ... s, ;:' V..,., Vr ; :'an ;r - -- - - im WOMAN'S EX I'OXEXT, "Your valuable paper is much appreciated to me, for which I' thank God True happi-lie- s Ihere, and it is the expressed desire of many is offeml to every , faithful son and . to as soon a for subscribe circumstances it FROM daughter. If we live as we will permit. are filling our missions, if not, we live below Dew Sin Isadora Beck, President. our calling and will be accountable for our Your counsel wise and good, WM3 QUNO J5e Is kind, if never netfdedf folly. If mothers will live in the light of 1L - fm r" Acd"being clfarly understood me uospei trimr win imv influence with f hall be as strictly heeded me uenerai itetrencnment meeting at and jrreat blessings for thpir MiihirAn the 14th Rooms,' in this This tho Trd " f c ut luiui iiuuuot I know 'twas said by Solomon, .iul..j was vaiareh well 1st; have same la the city. nnri Saturday, fmintnin all very . nf iihf fntoiit. thing";" "There a time for -- J'"h .. , t l. .mvi.1! mi .li... t .j oi unny ana Rut 'tis not written, every one n whiVK from t in fi.iin ineaesire irence ine auyiiiieu. spirit i U IU luiiutoo Af Miall do b th great and email things: to improve in knowledgei of a useful char the blessings of life" that KUIU has been en loved act er appear to i ncrease with the 's. by the Saints in every ae. when God has And those who seek the world's applause, And from the many im pressi ve and sangui ne had a prophet to revpnl lfi m?nl onrl will A nd love vain approbation, Have not the fpirit of the Cause 1 : j testimonies borne, it might well be inferred to the children of men on earth. ' With an Of Truth, and true Salvation. j thai the doings of Congress at ' that critical. experience of ;U years in the Church, I can wiuuu imgnt testily tnat the Gospel made known to 4fuuF yirwuauiyjiussntto wise 1 know it were not yield to overthrow oeaimea the Kingdom of the brother Joseptr Smith, by the' Angel that To worldy, false ambition; great God, had but little weight on the John saw was to come forth in the last days, I'd labor in a richer field mission. minds holier of. the faithful daughters of Zion. Fulfill a is true; and the powers of darkness can hot Uh stay tlio progress of the work of our Gnrl. 1 III J?I WARD JtKTIKFf SOCl HTY, This is something to live for. It keepshtheT 11. SOCIETY REPORTS. 1 Afarch 9th. Citv. J873. Proyo nopes ana anections bright and lends addi: Dkar Exponknt: tional charms to all jn nature that is amiable llIJi CllKK K HP, -At a in our meeting November, and Society lovely. ARd altvho Jalorinttllfr ; : Salt Lake Co., Feb. 18, 1 873. voted unanimously to drop the word "Fe gloous cause, have their reward. 1 iEiHTOnAY'osrAN'H EkroNENT: male," and a report was at. once forwarded. . 4 Hannah II arrisi x; i n g o f t It e H el i e f Soc iety of with of together money on the 11th the "AVnrill hnlrf !n the Ward-hous- e jExpONEXT which, owing to )me mis : Feb. 28;:18i7C inst., the- word.' .male,r-MdrbppedTfrocarelessness or aisnonesty in some Editor xATTpNwpoD. uiKf, the name of the Society by unanimous quarter, you did not receive. Exponent: vote: This Societv is in every way, in a Our Society is doing well: our Ward is v 1 iiave reaa 7PnPi?r with pleasure and hold .. .. I lurerfistr ana nnw. havfl n rincirn in miriri u i... small healthy and prosperOUsrieopditionr--W-r t! UaVK JlO j ' UH, UUt our meetings monthly, which are well d igent'poor. We give assistance occasionally mr testimony with those of my sisters who attended. In a short time we shall have but have no steady pensioners. We feel an testify to the sacred truth of the Gospel- ready a very suitable hall for meetings" and interest in the welfare of our excellent paper, wort in "which we are ensrasred. To-dI know the business operations ot the feociety. this is the Church of i Christ: that and in the rolling forth of the work of God. President. plural marriage, as well as the other prin M. J. Tanner; President. ciples which it contains. Was ordained of ' Utah County, God, for the blessing and exaltation of the Salem, WOMAN'S VOICE. " ' 1873. v V Saints. - And I believe it to be the duty of 3i: February lGth, vv Editor Woman's Exponent: "... Saint to teach and practice every Latter-da- y Edito r Exponent ; C LTIie Salem Relief Society was organized that as truth well as the rest.- And thnt Dea r Sister : I think It Hit' IIUIVOI Jjinuary 7th, 18G9, with Mrs Mary E. Heed, thers, who have been long in the Churcli everT mother should teach her children,ias Mrs. Mrs. Jackman and President: Lucinda to write for the instruction of their weI1 hy example as precept, to seek out Sarah W. Curtis, Counselors; Matilda P daughters; to give counsel to the young, and understand for themsel Killian. Secretary and Esther M. Reed. and The Lord has us a try to impress them with the love of principles. . . .il fT T to teach them not glorious light, and r except ;we; folio w:it 1: ui aniiiuiiuii, uui Jiicau.") wis , jjucu vt'ry to follow the vain fashions of the world, hut stead ily and prayerfull v. we mav ex nect to umitexl;yett::woJI)aYlenile' to meet xo seeK to no. pruaent and temperate in all le soon left inr the dark; and that we evenr demand upon our charity. We have their ways; not to covet the become inbre blind tliiiOvFwerre"the" empty pleasures dollars in the store, and : 1 thirty ana treasures earthalone, butto secure light beamed upon us. a little sum, (seventeen dollars which we to themselves peace and iov daughters of Zion, ' let us be mindful, everlasting are enlarging every jweek, to aid in gather the riches of cternitv. , Theresa. ing the poor; then we still have in the We have examples amoner. the mothprs A' treasury, besides the above, cash and in Israel worthy of imitation, and which, if Ogden City; Fei). 3rd. 187 .a property to the amount of one liundred and we ioiiow, we shall not be led astniv T Pear Editor o twenty-twdollars. We are prospering and that mothers should be awake to their dutips J Having been a subscriber to your od. --Jbr thewkdoni and knowledge that has enabled us, thus far, to truth and. the. ways of rectitude: seeing the wide scope you have provided . V . ' and I nrnv It it hll the mission that has been criven- us as mat me daughters przion may have wisdom the "Mormon" ladies, for expressing their we as ave done. The are sisters to so direct their offerings that they honorably may sentiments and portraying their position, I united in their eilorts to do gootl and help nave power over ail evil and overcome the venture to address you a few words. In to build up the Kingdom of God tipon the ways of darkness. the first place, I feel thankful that the time earth that they may receive the reward of has come when the women of this Church Sarah Roberts; the faithful. :;; ; Goshen. ;; can publish their views, and that too, through M. P. Killian, Secretary. a woman's Journal. And I hope they all V ' SPRINOVn.LE, feel as I do, that they would not be without - Newton, Cache Co., V. T. Lb, . :..; Feb. 20th, 1873. the paper. ,J':'.;: 7: :U February lfth,187C In looking over the Exponent my mind Xow, forluyself. Editor Woman Exponent: has been led many scenes, some nf injuonogamy bound to a ""drunkard," who At a meeting of ourRelief Society, held joy add some through of sorrow: and I find it con- - used to come home and curse and swear, January: 3rd, .1873, a motion to have the rains sympathy lor even-- heart. It is a and with whom my life was in eonsbinf "word rFema7(CdroppdfrwY heavenly work, when we candoo7 to"bihd jeopardy. I cannotTell what I endnrnd. according to Sister Eliza R. Snow's sugges up the broken heart. If we nrn rlnh in but I thank my Heavenly Father for my tion, was carried by a unanimous vote. knowledere. and God has hi for my happy home in these deliverance, Although pur Society is not .so forward as lighf of His Holy Spirit to do irood. it is valleys, and for good faithful husband oiuers, our desire is to continue to i do all joy to us to seek out thedepressed, the poor, in the Kingdom niy of God, who is a "polygam-ist,- " the good we can .until circumstances will ine widow ana honorable and worthy, and who lias orphan and impart to them, admit of our doing more. Our settlement both of our hearfs sunshine and of our sub not tasted of any kind of strong drink fnr is new; we have labored iinder.various disad- stance. Th e Gospel we have reee f vwl twentj'-fiv- e years. This I consider, speaks The means accumulated, has teaches "us to be full of charity to mankind. volumes. vantages. I am now living in "polygamy" eeri used in relieving the needy, and feed- and let our love for each other flow as a of my own free will and choice. ' tans. - We )0ie to be able to do fountain of living waters. ing t h l ean tmlv sav - It is woman's mission to do goodto per- more in the future than we have done In since I have been a member of the. Relfef lorra, each one her faithful work which the past. , has been it a school of improvement will bring its own reward. Society, Any woman ANSWER TO A VALENTIN! J.-K- peace-make- rs " 'r 1 1 : . r- Ira- j. Ward-Assem- bly i 1 1 ; J . v I 4 Ljt. : A I "1 J - -- : : " ! : - 7 fbr-fouFniim- bere 1 m ! i e ;-- ,. . vr v-- av i i ; :- - - i I . .: Co-operati- ve ( : fl feel-4o-tlian- i . i hce kG - -- r ? : - - . . , ' ? -- ? - f . e-I- nd I : J 