Vol. 2.' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, EDITORIAL NOTES. July No. 4. 15, 1873. Eugenie, late Empress of France, fondly I know the terrible facts which led to this J entertains the' belief that her country will fearful tragedy facts which I shrink from again, bo first among nations; that Roman revealing, out of regard for. her delicate robbery will ho defeated, ., the Pope and reserve facts so appalling and unendurable peace and prosperity restored. Eugenie is they must make aderfect revision in piibl ic sentiment when they come to be divulged happy in building her air castles. 4 The tiiATE lion. Horace F. Clark, who (as they must in the course of the trial.)" died jota the 19th of June in New York Civilization, where iit) passes such The health of Wilson besides being a large railroad proprietor and brutal conduct with so slight attention as to the following telegram indicates, becomes is reported to he in had condition, he having a - distinguished - lawyer,-wa- s ' abomination: A Chinaman em become a paralytic invalid. l)(trigiLjM ffiraoflpre, yanderbilt, whose an rancK'libout sfxTniles north of Stockton the a The earth has been shaking at Buffalo, wealth he would have inherited had Coniodore but have gone first - He wTas yesterday subjected to most inhuman making three, ahinning attempts at a quake old fifty-eigwas year of his age, a sound treatment at ; the hands of his employer, by;: within fbur andlHiaTf hou accused :oftealing40O;-anJ The clio ler a plague hasa bated in Nash t hlnkerandreasoner, the rancher hung him In Si am. there are some restrictions placed to extort a confession ville, Tennessee, and late rejorts represent to several times the limb of a tree, and beat the city as being n,a liealthy cond ition. ; ..; upon men who are poly gamists. They can him nearly to death notwithstandingthe only cast away first wives by divorcement; vicllin's The Fair innocence. The of protestation wife "after, they can sell or but other any borrowed five dollars t6T make their: first trade choose. Had the polygamic perpetrator of the outrage was subsequently if they seakv Few you ng men could get a "respect- wives of Latter-da- y Saints similar injustice arrested on a charge of assault; and battery a such with able," dinner beginning nowa- to contend with; outside lookers-o- n might and fined twenty dollars. " " . days. An interesting account is given by an well prate, or be renderedspeechless from Fi? el G in vn frogs tt rerre no rt ed tod rave Oneida journal of a young Russian woman t sympathetic disgust. been rained down in Columbia, S. C, the who occurred on Satur by the name of Catherine Dickhova, wreck Another ' ship to other day, Are the plagues of Egypt the 5th, i nst., on the Western coast. has lately come to America. It describes visit our country with all the other novel day, was the steamer "Washington." This her as being higly educated .and. talented It ties? At the age of tfmethere is little related of that horrifying though not yet twenty-onUnprecedented rain storms are re- nature which generally accompanies accounts sixteen she graduated with high honors at ported in Illinois, Ohio and Indiana, great of such disasters; of five hundred and nine Kasan and received the badge of her Emdamages having been sustained thereby, passengersiwho were ohdhe ihip, together press, being one of jfbur ; womeTOyho ;alone with much loss of grain crops, buildings, with the Captain, officers and crew, not one h a ve won such d istinction i n forty years j this gives her the privilege of appealing to fences and stock. " life is reported lost. Boston has been sensationalized by a Recently at a free public reading room the Emperor for any favor, and also of attending court; Iwlls. There being no little perfomanee of a wife shooter, who 111 iMigiuuu, ..me wne 01 rawceu, me schools in .Itussia;,-she could pursue acted the part he had chosen without a professor and writer on political the higher branches of education, ard being hitch, shooting his poor victim dead and economy, was requested to leave the . room u nsatisfied with what she had receied , she afterward repeating the dreadful action on as 1t was not intended for women. Mrs. private tutors: for fouri years and himself. Fawcett pi iickily carried tlie case toltlTe employed was then examined the faculty of Moscow Pioche came near being disinhabited a head commissioners on public libraries, and A poetess, novelist:byand correspondent of a few mornings ago; an intoxicated desperado w on the day, as she had a right to do. The monthly journaFpublislied at St. Petersburg, taking the job in hand, shot four men to be- company was informed that women have a she has come to this country to study the gin with, and would probably have finished right to the use of free libraries and public Womans movement and examine .the medical X. the work but for the interference of the reading rooms. colleges for women, with the view of assistv .'.vlv' police. .. The Indian question does not appear to ing those of her own country. She is ; the Mich excitement has Deen awakened be approximating very rapidly towards an daughter of a General of Artillery in St. Fresh disturbances mid Petersburg,-- , herimothe.r being. a; princess . Jjmorig the eaters .of p.ork iri Cilhpun counfy, answerable point. Illinois, where hog cholera morbus is killing tfistislaictibu the leading men of SpringXearey off promising pigs. They don't relish Jew up among them, chiefly through the have signed a petition and unfairness with which they are field, Massachusetts, custom in so great a degree as their better young lady teacher in one of the met by unprincipled white men, whose asking aschools senses compel them to adopt. to become a candidate: for treatment towards them, whenever circum- public Tornadoes and conflagrations, reports stances will ad in i shows that County Superintendent of schools, to which are far t, they of which crowd the daily newspapers, conposition-s-he ijeligiblerunderraTecenf to inferior the whom Indians they despise; are already being asked to Occupy tinue in alt portions of t lie country The ............... lllllP'niOn IS! if inn I .mnI n ra Iui i nrf unn nul ah f respoiiMbleMsitiousj-hy-iuHlThy-tlieywill - men. iiuiumimt- upon the nahons of the earth,; but they; have the liberty to do as much hard .work Fifty"- or one hundred pounds have been of any kind as they choose; and with the realize it not and acknowledge not-- 1 His offered by an enquiringJEnglishman, toward presen t i ncreasi ng freq uencies of one .exhand. i'fliA fnnmb'Unit nf n f Larkrk t Vinf shrill ho treme follovingranolheY, it is not altogether of ilsson, the sweetsong- - poweruii enough to discover human It beings inconsistent to contemplate, that after a time, stress, that since her marriage, Jier voice if they exist in any of the spheres. The theywill not only be permitted 'but required lias framed in volume.' i ovpnn i. r nil iw ii'fiii if i i.;. and rioh. m i iir iii w --ri .ss. i fi to do much work of a laborious nature' which ness. We have heard of matrimony with : would I3ut cidedly injterestmg. haaJiitherto been performed;!) men; and it itnpt - i t?f - vary i ng een vingrini proved t n e too discomifitting, to many of the surplus is not impossible, if the depravity of the voice of other women, where their hus!ands who about in carpet baggers, quest of present generation should; continue to inprowl Were neither flattered nor pleased by the prey; if no means should bed i cove red by crease, for American 'meil.to l)ecome as great : . . . change. jwhichrthey might immigrate thither to find tyrants and their women as helpless .slaves J Kitoene Crrv, Oregoii lost six thousand fault with thet laws and obtain paying offices? as those of China or IlindostiVii. Yet with dollars worth of logs, carried away by high The Waeworth murder case assumes the advantages .which the American' woman thousand dollar's strange and uncertiin aspect water, while fifty-fiv- e A friend of possesses for gaining enlightenment,. such a worth of property was burning up at Birch Mrs. ; Walworth ventures i to; admit that course of events need hardly be; fea ml for i little mixing vof.Vuch Frank has been guilty of "faulty logic;" and her daughters a few generations hence. But Hill, Providence; .:m?tv.rf..Vf"il he to the point some times, i Mrs. Julia II; Holmes writes thus conccrn-i- f the prospects of revolutions fast apprjiachln it they could- but be brought to work in the ing the: affair: "The intimate friend and are forewarners WTiich. will bear noting with I ' proper manner. confidant ol Mrs. Ellon Hardin Walworth, due consideration.-;- d ' 1 : ;i 7 New Yohk talks of having.-a- State Park, in the Adirondack district, to cover MM ,000 acres of ground. Ti ie Present date is the third anniver sary of the day in which Napol eon declared war against Prussia. . Vice-Preside- . nt -s- on-in-law . ia-th- ht e d 1 -- ? - . : e. 1 uis-tinguish- ed . : .i'-"::,- i ' J dis-honest- y all I ; law.-Wo- ! - . f , j . . - d j isj-oporte- ; - es--fu- j - ' . - -I i i Sk 1 1 1 1 1 A ..t i ; . . : I L ! : ! ; ; men 