fc. W 0 MA N ArMONUMENT. SEA Though 'dead,"', it is a lmtg Monument. peerless, arcbless, towerleEP, and though 'Tis It is a monument ofof Justice,andand wickedness--- A Of righteous doom .crime speechless, speaking monument of wrati Divine, poured out on guiltiness Of dark abominations. .Monitor Of warning to the generations past The present, and to all that are to come. Plami"-Wher- e It stands. where stod the "Cities of ths Sodom and Gomorrah, steep'd in sin, Wore first devoured by fire, then swallowed up ! ; ;y 'r Great purposes of concerning Whene'er iniquity "attains it? full, Tn BDMn it with des'.ructif n's besom, and li'o ultimately purify-theeart- - zizg Tbat otherwise were ir)acce8ibl, O'er looking dark hbysses gaping chasms, le Is, Ad sometimes bautifulqustered made hi.i IVhere Nturi mosiurces fulty . .. Li. Attempt at wild nrm grar-e went in search f thia I'strangi-- ' monument, firAiid found hie-tiequieily ber ea h " v o u u n ui f j reigns. ;VJkexeiuJiu4Hi 3- - -- : 6- TbUjMii', A Ujih t' f th- locfuwii ihi irir iui Of' r'-- vi whue , gni-i- p-a- li cri - w.- ver.-pre- a th'st Set: 1 Fr Tis murmur f a ti i enCH, and-- motionless, . , power ' -- niif eii-- ce hi ave. speaks LKM, larch 3j 7 873 - i' Mla EliZx It. S. JREPOItTcJ. "- ' - .' ,' ; . .: was a feeble whispering within my heart, that said, "There is a future that you mart totieg; iniprswnivfly Monument and proofaifsii.it utt-re- " only. :T Tue wreck of Ages, and the wate ; f Time. JicMJ-i- work I set about. Hard tugging, and slowly, I ii.K'd the ascendency, litttle by little iTwss A'nub.ty ruaridxt vn M awful compiled me, and a thought, "I'll Try," came-- to my mind, and to wake the mind from n stupor aiM lethargic state, was the . livn iitt b n. In bep vitlv wrapped wa'-- r, r ithu- a- utnl f in Th gAll, a T i iiioie : the briny deep. y !he u''n ce forth Wecr z'd A i" D-it-- smoth - Wi.h I' was very hard for me to learn, but necessity . W witrTril Dear Read er, lam sorry that I am so" busy just now, out "i'U Try"; win iaKe uio uiuu to see if she can find something that will interest you. Suppose I tell you something: of myself, When I wa3 a little child, it y ThiJ Sp when seen as we b held it 'neath Th louHl - n nay un, is Tin lucM rn.t t apf'ir 1 r crystitltn are s ' To full, rreiiiuir invrixd- - vt w. cl w d uU dnzz ing brlliancjv W. M Try," who will do better than "I Can't." Let us hear from "I'll Try." - --- - w f Jk o faevondthirraveTIaljrfrien d i w-rit- od your own business." Pull your own garden weeds. Controll your ugly temper. Don't If. you will do all provoke your neighbor. this, dear reader you will have a friend in misfortune. re3Dect in old aere, and a hope win din g trails tteeps Rocky accHvi ies and frightful course, to rut the heights At times, in har-vfist- ahdIiemember:the-- hr 0' er cliffs precipitous thro' accomplish your wise plans, that you may ouu long live to bless your cniiu. iei uiu mo Let your cares, fo ease your brain. sew and read for you, to rest your eyes. But Mrs Idler, braid your, straw, and make your hats, and bo a producer of tho comforts of life; if you do not like to And do not snuff up your be called lazy. noso at "I'll Try," till it is so puggy that you are ashamed" to look in the glass. Get at your work early in the morning, if vou want to nut money in tho Savings Bank, and save your paper rags if you want papers to read.. Build a fence around your farm if you do not want your crops hv vour neiirhbor's cows: and bo always well employed if you want a friend for the Woman's Exin need; and ponent: if vou have better ideas than these; , Embelish merit, it justly dairn to.be The prince of monuments in Palestine. Its dense, saline preserving properties ,of the Aremorally significant sin God EXPO N EN T S K. S.nov. must prepare for:' and thenZPride stepped forth and said, "I'll Try to finish my work." Perseverance was the only chance for the salvation of an existence I already had," and to live was a visible fact, could not shut my eyes. Then reason taUght mef that it wa3 better to live pro perly, to be a vessel of honor; than one.of dis honor, and many a lesson I've, learned by bitter experience which was the result of "I'll Try." I was not cradled in riches from a child to woinanjiood! Had I been, perhaps my hands ;vould have been too uponjicjil Secretary Miss M. A. Jenkins reports the sisty-eightmeeting of the Senior, and C. It. Junior A., held October 11th, 1873, in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms. , Tlie secretaries of the Young Ladies Associations, white tojsmljTj theth"attd-8t- h burdens, aiid my petted and; pampered held. Pride and extravagance spirit, too morose and iompous to be meetings were spoken ofy and tho sisters "were warned eluded, and taught and trained, in a proper against them. Improvement in knowledge manner; and thereby ray propelling powers and grace was the principal .; subject upon againsf the tide of life would have been which instructions were given. blunted. I was berelt of parents at an early age.- Wasjthis a misfortune, or a blessing . in disguise? I CAN'T. , ;. , 1 Dear reader, have since learned to I Can't' 'yisa word we often hear, some acknowledge the hand of God in all things, times from the up3 of a poor, tired body, although I have always felt that-thsweets sometime from one jwhoso care and mental of my existence was then abstracted and labors have almost exhausted the brain. "I supplanted with sttrn realities. Parents Can't" wo hear, as mother lays down her generally: remove the brambles and briars unthreaded needle, "1 Can't," says a non- - from beneath the little one's feet, and place active one. whoso powers have alwava beneath their aching-head- s downy pillows. tiepended on another, and lias idly lain. I havo often thought of parents, when I "I can' t, . toil as you do, if I never have have stepped upon the thorn. By their a home," are the words of your borrowing lossjrxeLl earned- - th eox ten tof -- 1 h s t in gy r neighbor. arid by the lack of an Arm on which to lean, I Can't," never Wrote a piece for the I have learned a Did my paper.. "I Can't" pay you, now sir, when brain still sleep? No; it had to waken to a the banks havo all broken. "I Can't heln life of activity. I learned B, and did I when was it I itnowT, mad;" and "I that twice two was four; I then chewed Can't" we hear every day from some people. the corners off the book called - grammar, Then, what is tho matter with I Can't?" and left it to digest looked at the geogra"1 Can't" the father, mother, ancl . son, aro phy, and concluded that the" best Way to for ever idle and nothing is done. J3ut learn it was to travel. But I have tried to shall we all be called idlers? No! Mother, sail in my own latitude. I did not like to tired body, rest! , Let me assist you CO too fajr North, because it was too Ice- - li . ; - , . o . ! ; self-suppo- rt. A,-the- -- . burgy, and I did not liko to go too far South for I always had a dread of too hot water, and I dill not like to go too high up, for I was afraid tho air would be so light that mv brain would be troubled with vanityv I thought; "I'll Try to seekjmy own level." " I never studied romance, for 1 concluded there was enough of that in my own nature. "I'll Try" has surmounted many difficulties, and is still waring with the flesh, in hopes to maintain her equa; nimity of character, and meet the expectation gof her parents who left her to try. But, dear reader, before I leave you, I will tell you that by my own industry, I am furnished with a comfortable home, and am wrsting by a warm fire which aro the results of "PixTitY." Obt. lSthlSTS? BULKS OF CONVERSATION FOR YOUNG LADIES; . XX)NCL,UDEDr- - Thero is great danger of the young and ardent doing injustice to their :compnions7; by magnifying trifles, drawing Jarge con clusiowfrom small premises and Judging from a partial knowledge of facts. How often have w e seen a young girl, all eagerness to tell some extraordinary thing about a companion, and representing some trifling1 occurrence as the most atrocious ill conduct; when , the very next hour,- perhaps, hat brought to light some circumstance that changes entirely the whole aspect of tho case, and shows that all her excitement wai wasted on a mistake. It is a good rule nev er to believe anything on mere report, that is inconsistent with what you aireauy Know,,, o! a person. Consider how much more probable it i3 that there is some error in the statement, than that a trustworthy man or woman should do something entirely out of character.. When some false rumor about yourself; or family reache3your earrinsJte provoked by it, Jay it up as a lesson against; believing what you hear reported of others. Talking ironically is sometimes Indulged in to such an excess as to become very tire-- : some to the hearer?. A little dash of Irony enlivens conversation, and when well and sparingly introduced it is pleasant enough; but some girls have such habit of it, that onU oarasions,"io peTSonsofalla gfees of intimacy and acquaintance, on all subjects, whether grave or gay, they will? answer you in that strain. All reverence for age and superior wisdom, and all sense of propriety are sacrificed to the indulgence of this propensity, whilst they are unconscious of its being in excess. To make the whole strain of conversation ironical, is like serving up a dinner composed wholly of gravies, sauces, and condiments without ono substantial dish. In like manner all jesting, banter-- ; ing, arid quizzing should bo Very ; sparingly indulged in, and With constant reference to the feelings of others, or you" may inflict a. wound before you are aware of It.; "English Paper." - ' - . Husbands and WiVES.Happincss can . secured by that constant tenderness and care of the parties for each other wh ich are based upon warm and demonstrative love. The heart demands that tho man . and shall not sit reticent, silent in the midst of his family. The woman who forgets to note and provide for y tho peculiarities of her husband's tastes and wishes renders her home undesirable for him. In a word, and ever- demonstrative gentleness must reign, or else the heart starves. only" be -. : self-absorbe- ever-prese- d, -- nt - 