W 0 MA N'S E X I0 X E NT. 15 single out "plurality of wives" as the useful agents in. accomplishing good. No ing seems to be wanting, necessary 'for the improvement and enjoyment of those engaged in only thing the world needs to be taught: for because they, of necessity, are at present although it is apparently the chief objection a; IiYeljhooxi,; do they enter this w6rthyjvocaUon; and, as was' observed, by iouna by many, to the religion taught by the upon tms auty. jiui realizing mat it wn a lady friend, among the1 splcrndid rules by latter-da- y Saints, it is but an iniportantj)ne of prove in time, a benefit, not only to themselves which the company isgoverned one. chief excelb-nca grand system of principles, which, taken Out to tne is that smoking and the entire Use community, tney cneenuny enusi aiiogeiner, constitute the Gospel of Christ. 1st to perform a good pan in a worthy cause. of tobacco is strictly forbidden. AVe were also place, toois anioug the last, rather than .'the Calling upon them a 'day or two since, we felt pleased with the appearance of the Council first principles to be understood.. It would be gratified in meeting their bright, hopeful faces, Chamber which has lately been r fitted. about as great folly to undertake to explain and listening to their cheery expressions con . Of the many essential and inestimable the; truth and purity of that principle, to a cerning their new occupatioii;- suggestions given by the Elders for the edificaA gentleman in, attendance remarked; that tion of the Saints, at the two days meetings on person who had received no former Jight periiii- taining to the jGtospel, as to attempt to make a the chief objection raised to lady printers was the 9th and 10th insts., nothing is -eliild wlip had thaTbjurnr iwrtiince to parents tlmnrthc di how to analyze or parse a sentence in grammar; they would not continue in the employment for the training of the young in the ways of we will now seek to give some satisfac- But this, he said, was met by Ifrcsident 'Young, chastity and virtue. If children are taught to tory replies to the, following' questions from (who is the instigator ofrfhe movement,) as was honor and practice pure and jerfeet principles, it "The Balance:" . the same objection to his proposition a few is an unquestionable fact that they will abhor "1. Will you not be so kind las to deHne years ago in regard to ladies learning to tclc- - everything of a corrupt xmd voluptuous nature; "Celestial Marriage?' We are told that "in arranh. That was, that a sufficient number and which they love they will voluntarily neaven tney neither marry nor are given in should be tamrht the art, that when one retired cl that -ihg to, while that which they hate they will marriagei"ro-r from a position, another could be chosen to rigorously avoid. Mothers who haye great joy jiaiurai conclusion mat ail marriages were fill the. y-vacancy. "terrestrial. 2. Do you believe, or have von Intheir sons are tlioe w " Tbo vhmi' bulifs who have already enerared into their sons' jninds, the wisdomof abstain-- any evidence, tiiat nolveramie marriiuri irn duces a nobler race of men and women mor- - to learn the art of type setting, are, by name, ing from the use of tobacco anJ.6thfi.tjiu?!SHde jally, intellectually and physidany than mon some stimulmitsrfrt"ue oganiic? If this could be proved beyoVi the a uouot, it might be worth the Miss Sarah Haynes, Miss: Annie Park, Miss habit only awakens desire for the gratification .possibility-osacrifices it demands." of other like propensities, tAMilllatfcmu isTenipfation find to From the sin. which leads appearance of To us, Celestial marriage, is indeed the onty very sincerely hope they may always in the earnest perform some young people who frequent the s t reels of true form pf marriage; onlained:of Gotl, and pleasure this city, we fear there are too many u nliappy revealed to Joseph Smith by an holy Angel, duties,rmdrtlra mothers in Israel. to assist in bringing about the great plan of the list. salvation for the world, and the eternal exaltaWOMAN'S DUTIES. tion in the presence of God, of as many as will, IIOIE AFFVIRS. in sincerity and purity, accept "all" the doctrine What- a vast amount has been said and of Christ, and earnestly and faithfully live in Another ex t kt a i x i y f and instructive and how on the duties of accordance therewith. meeting of ..Sabbath-- School superintendents written she is censured woman, for the The Celestial law of marriage requires the and teachers was held oil the evening of the severely of those duties. We will admit marriage vows or covenants to be scaled for "all Fourth i list. '"'Every teacher would find it in- there are many who neverlearn what their " eternity," as well as for time. And unions teresting to attend these conventions, when duty is, or learning it, neglect it most ever it is possible. thus bound on earth in the holy sanctuary shamefully. Election day . passed oft-by one holding the "eternal Priesthood of God, On the other hand, there are thousands quietly and as and having authority to administer such orderly in this city other days do when there who bravely battle with the trials of life, ordinances, through the wer of the Gospel, is no opposition exhibited against right and seeking to render their homes comfortable restored to man by revelation from God are liberty p the women of Utah" ha ve again had and attractive, striving to assist and benefit " not dissolved by death; but will remain un- opportunity for showing their appreciation of heir partners: in jhfejbut whose career, shutout Jroinlhe public-ke- n "byrthtrseclu- changed! throughout the countless ages of eter- one of tiie pecjuliar privileges grankHlilicm,! sion of home, Is never known beyond the V Pleasant little nity. This preparation leaves no occasion for company of ladies assem- conse "marrying or giving marriage in the eternal blcnl Oti".Fridayj ther""Sth instrput the residence retirement of tho home circle, and worlds, In order that loving and devoted hus- of 3Iiss Rho'la Jiichards, of this city to do quently never receives its just meed of bands and wives may be there associated in lionorto the SOtlt birthday of that inestimable praise. The name of the conquercr the the holiest and most sacred of all relationship, lady. Among the guests, (none, we believe, statesman may , illuminate the pages of woman sinks while as the are here. ' were inyitcu Avere Miss Eliza Ji. Snow, tiistory, nto obscurity, and her name is forgotten. 7 Only those marriages which are binding on Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, "Mrs. O. Hyde and Tiik Shoe and Leather Chronicle is parties till death separates them, or for a given Mrs. Persls Richards, of the veteran AEormon - time du ri ng 1 ife, doom thei r devotees to final ladies.3ArTcryhap!py a'S0'nva'lflf7supcl!,' heTiiame of oneT6f the latest p being served for thecompany at the residence started in New York. separation. We shall not now attempt to "prove beyond of the hostess nephew, Dr. H. J. 'Richards. "Whv-- is the letter "d'Vlike a rinr?" Jthe possibility of a doubt that polygamic marThe closing exercises of the No rinal School, riage produces a nobler race of men and Women which has been held in this city, and to which asked a young lady of her lover, who was oiorraily-- intellectually and phj'sieally than we have previously given some attention, gave dull as are the generality of his sex in such situation. Because,' - sal d the damsel , monogamic." "We do not even bel ieve that evidence of t he good resiil ts which are likely to a "we" canH be "wed" polygamy alone Would have such effect accrue from the organization of such a system. with modest look, But taken in connection Avith all the other On the day preceding the termination of the without it. How much better we'd get along in this pure and perfect principles of the Gospel, it is session, the school was visited by President to neglect already proven, although the experi ment has Brigham Young, Miss Eliza R. Snow and sphere of ours were we less prone to that of our our own business to attend . been comparatively, but a few years in operaothers, who, we understand, were well pleased But I suppose that is to tion, that when a people have become thorough- with the interest manifested in the matter of neighlwrs! haimen in the Golden Age, which looks ly, educated 111 the ways of righteousness and ed uca t ioi i, : and. gave encou rage ment to the is eternal life, a stronger, purer and in all re- same. Pleasures will be taken to make the as though it hover would arrive.: There ; a great deal we m do one another in the spects improved raco of beings will bo produe il Territorial Normal School an annual occasion, way of true, genuine kindness, but it is 'too and dwell upon the earth. we )elieve, so satisfactory has been the experi- often left undone, because it is so much lit reason. easier todh)iMnirtn THE NEW CLASS OF YOUNG LAWKS. ment this Ti i E excellent ri'ula lion- s- of thc"Firc iurscliievous, spiteful tilings, than pleasant g comes In accordance witli late instructions which Brigade in ibis city leservb honorable inentij)n. and charitable ones. n half so good, have been given, six young ladies of this city We recently had the pleasure-fcompany of handier than praise, but have form ed themselves into a class and are sonic friends conducted by Chief Engineer if you did but know it. Come now, let's ycu learning to set type in a building connected McAllister, of visiting the apartments occupied and I see if we can't all join hands, and say business except with the "Descret News" establishment. by the 'company by the City Hall, were a given we won't mind anybody's for will work others', good, ami This is as it should be, and We admire the number .of the members each evening and our own, but not. evil. young ladies whoe have undertaken to. become night, are reuuircd to sncud their time. Noth- -- r always ; com-peilcitrwprk- "f)r - . ofore iieversbw t, - i - - .. ... Miss-ltart- .. mf - .:, ... ha . r aril - - - i-- i non-performan- ce as self-sacrificin-g, - - mr - - - , ? i : t. . I Fault-findinit-isn- . . J 't 