WO HA N'S EXPONE - himelfrhis wife, a clever lady of Irisirdeseent while he is, himself an American, a son of fine intellect and good education and hvo brilliant and witty daughters who are alf grown to maturity, gave a ball and supper on' 'Cliritnias evening. In the afternoon," before the guets began to arrive, the younger gentleman of the liouse ciime in with an intimate friend of his with whom h is sisters had met before, and of whom they had heard' '.'liartl" 'Stories.'"' The "brother informed" h IsTmotlier and sisters" t hat i. of their guests that evening. Of course they were "pleased" etiquette would not admit of their being otherwise. As soon as the gentlemen left, a private consultation of a, serious nature togk place among the ladies, which ended in the elder Miss putting on cloak and hood anil taking a walk be-on- e taidJ-friend'woul- NT-.- ' 133 Sunday School entertainments, of a very FACTS AND FIGURES. interesting character, have been given in several of the wards of this city, so far this winter, and others are in preparation; the proceeds arising from a small admission fee, being used for the benefit of the schools. Singing, recitations, dialogues, music and select reading are the principal features of these exhibitions; which seeni to be generally aecKl :upon being to even superior dancing, among the littte folks. 27th ult., in spite of the "epi- Monday, the zootic," being iresent, disabling many of the line horses, when the snowing and blowing of the morning was over, witnessed for the first time this winter, a neat little sleigh perhaps more than one of them, but one at least speedstreets?of Salt Lake City ing swiftly along-th- e a load of with happy, smiling ladies. There has been little sleighing in this city for sevreal Disturbances are threatened in Wales "", by the striking miners. . , FiFTY-nin- e fishermen were drowned at Vr Yarnjouth, jKngland, in the recent gales. Austin, Texas, talks of bridging the Colorado at a cost Of $500,000. A: ex)EOREjr sportsman in Florida bagged nine full grown alligators in one day. " . ; It is estimated " XKxiy-wHlr'th- The largest deposits of anthmcite e"; - renismgat&imai at $3,000. 1 is" in Oregon repreifed r;Tujoorndiah who has 600 head of: Howlish cattle, 2,000 horses and a bank account of :-:- -y-r: "ZEzeX "Cornell-ha- s v-; V-'"-- ' latelyhvested $1,000 in a bust of President Lincoln, copied from Vinnie Ream's statue of h im, and he will give ltjto A Russian lady, who desires to be anonymous, but is rumored to be "still very young and a native of Siberia," lias offered 50,000 roubles for a medical course for ladiesj to be giyen at the Imperial College of Physicians Upon the sudden death of Mr. George P. Putnam, . three eminent publishers gener ously assumed the charge of his business during the holiday season, for the benefit of His family, until the surviving members of the firm can return from- - abroad and assume-contr.(rriell'-'Uhlyersity- mcnw(Twe HOME AFFAIRS. - $5,000. . The experiment was a serious if not a dangerous one and would not do for many people to repeat, but it illustrates the gross injustice of society in the treatment of men and women who may have fallen into evil ways; and shows -- clearly the necessity for reform beginning with the male members of families, who should shun the male sinners' with equal horror to that with which they expect their wives, sisters and ; daughters to shun the female sinners. Wampoo, by well-know- ; a woman for MalrylaMman" . r in the-larg- -- mother and daughters when they observed in the father or son any signs of insurrection. The circumstance has been a lesson to the whole neighborhood, but most and best of all, to the "fallen" girl whowas the guest of the sisters, and whor.oilr Juxforinnnt 8tate, is entirely re. coal the world are in Pennsylvania the mines of which supply the market with millions of tons annually. The annual cost of maintenance of the gaW vanic batteries used by the Western (Jnion Telegraph Company isverSlS oOiirZll Brighton, England, lias just opened to isitors:vith:xippropriate "ceremony, airag est in nifieent aquariumf-probabl- y the world For the first time in the court annals of i their habits, were severely "cut" by the brave V $200,000,000. , H that the annualroductionr of gold throughout the world is now about down around the xoriier.WlieuherreturiieUr not nlnncv S nftor wimp litf It d1a Vr TmtcrsrrnTfrt and a companion were met at the1 side gate by Ax i n the present issue of the Plxro- article front the in were and brother father dster her t i tie "Exercise lb p G irls,!lds t Tlic'-'h wo aiid elr listers I IarIor7: "gues ,Tor commended to the careful consideration of all. such was the third person, proceeded through Its author has already favored the columns of tiIaeklcitcheu up staTrs:Thc guests were the Exponent with a number of choice combeginning to arrive. In half an hour the young munications, which elucidate principles of 12 ladies were ready to join their inother in the importance a nd si muld seen re the attention of women everywhere,-- for ""their value becomes r reception son was beside her, the two listers approached 1 more j ppa ren t. til ea inoreref ection is Jbestowed ttrei r mother, neadrng thTi" shrinking yet upon them. We re always pleased to recei ve beautiful guest7sWith a ldnd maternal sniile a letter in the now n handwriting, the matron extended her hand while the young satisfied that a perusal of its contents will well man turned away with a horrified expression repay the timeso occupied. .. i soon as As of "Powers all indications the that another mercy!'' There are exclaiming, lie could And a chance, he questioned his mother crusade against the Church of J esus Christ of and sisters as to what in the world had induced Latter-da- y Saints is about to be commenced, 1 them to have that creature present. They told haying its origin in this city. Those who enhim she was there on purpose to meet his gage in it will fall in vaccomplisHlng their "friend r-- whereupon, -- 1 ho young gentleman object, as they; have done before but it is none declarel he should show Iter not the slightest the less incumbent upon all "who. desire ieacc respect. To this his sisters,alrirmed that "that and the power of truth to be. wjith them, to be knavish scamp of a friend" of his should share diligent in doing good, and seek earnestly for the same at their hands. The appearance of that light and intelligence and that strength the "lady" guest in the ball room, created quite which will enable them to overcome evil. Ina sensation, but tha ladies of the house paid her deed this is one great means by which those such attention that their other guests could who desire to bring destruction upon the people not slight her. And several "respected" gentle- - will be frustrated in their purposes.. tht-vii- " . ol. ; 7 who had left his wife alone wiio died reMadame in the theatre while he went out to get cently at Geneva, and who was famed ibr a w hiff of fresh air "apologized" on hisj re- her beneficence, has left bequests to the turn! "Dear me" said she "1 thought you amount of 1 55,000 francs. Among others, went to give me a chance to flirt with that one of 40,000 to - the burciiii des Families, man with the lovely black mustache." She one of 10,000 francs to the National Hospital, has had ho cause to complain of any: want of Bnd.ine,pf V2o,00ft 7 l: Httentiojioin her liusba nil since Hospital. is estimated that in England, more From home we are to procure the happiIt ness of a whole life, while from the world than 3,000 infants are every year suffocated only a few moments of pleasure; it is, by their mothers, who have them with them therefore, becoming, and in keeping with in bed. I u Bavaria there is a law which under two good sense, to be as polite and amiable at prohibits parents haviug children : home as in other society. years in bed with them, the result being of1 infants aro Some t)iie has said that a younglnotlier is that instanced oOii flbcation : : the most beautiful thing in nature. Why very rare there. V all not Are The Charleston "Republican" has the folqualify it? Why --.young? mothers beautiful? The sentimental outside lowing: An -- exchange paper says that beholder may prefer youth' in . the pretty "Leland Stanford came to California twenty picture, but I am inclined to think that sons years ago with only one shirt to his. back;" since then, by close attention to business, in this matter, love and admire he has accumulated 10,000,000." The wants to know what a man wants their mothers most when they are old. How venerable of 10,000,000 shirts. suggestive of something holy and his of '(dear talks it is when a person is A gentleman Ocker-Boulacr- e, r ; Jranca-tolliCantpn- al , most-intimately-concer- -- ned "Ke-pubiicii- n" Another inter esting letter from Miss Eliza R. Snow will be found in this number of the EXPONENT. . mother." Away with your mincing "mathe-- list of to directed is Attention of a line Lady, who only mas," suggestive of number of the present on the last page deputes her duty to nurse, a tlniwing-roothe Exihjnent. maternal parent, who fis? afraid to handle in the her offspring for- fear of spoiling her new Shouij Subscribers, especially southern portions of the Territory, not receive gown, uive me tne.,nonieiy inymu, who is the present number by mail in proper time, Uirms of whose love always beautiful, whether old or .young, they will please remember that the irregularity iwhefliorunived in satin,, or modestly habited v of mail sen-ice-, owing to the horse distemper, in bombainc. is the reason. Beneyoeence club-rat- es m ' ali-embniei- ng, , . - - ' but-beneficen- . I well-willin- g. Beneficence is literally well doing. The former consists of intention the latter of action, The form ct is the cause, the latter the result. Benevolence may exist without. always supposes t)eneficence, to be benen-- i not said benevolence; a man is cent who docs good from sinister view s. The benevolent man enjoys but half his v ! literally happincs ce 