I WO MAX'S, EX PONEN T. Written for the Exi'O.nkxt. i" THE SEX. IMPORTANT EVENTS OF ONE YEAR. A . It 1 10 L 1 1 ladies counted theirage AVito lives to fancy, rarely can he rich. marriage, not their birthT Who lives to nature never can be poor. Four hundred Brooklyn teachers, women, Walk worthy 6f your vocation ! You have have petitioned for" an increase of salaries. a noble escutcheon, disgrace it not by folly. you write, or get a friend to write Jenny Lind has been singing in the choir onWhen your- own business or for your own oMhe-- A merican Episcopal Church in Flor advantages, be careful ' to pay the postage ence. Grace Greenwood has met with success yourself. The best property a man can be possessed in her reading in Colorado. of, since happiness is the boon for which all The story goes that tho impress Carlotta wish to ibargain, Ja n .clear conscience and r;,: Vv.., will recover her health of body, but never a contented mind. strength of mind. A high sense of honor in all things, an Miss Dixon, a Southern; lady of admired adherence to truth, delicacy and poli tenets skilLiu penmanship, writes vith both hand are the essential and distinguished characfrom! There had having a regular; nice time. been a shooting match, father was on the winning side, and was to take supper with Mr. W., who was to pay for both tickets to the hall that levelling lis well Wo were all going to the hUt all hut mother and the little folks, and with tho-:- exceptions my 'all,-"-includes my father, three sisters a e ; w FLOWERS.1 Tmrecjan their A V 8 K ET CI CTTV L. E. was New Year's Eve, 1803, and we were brother-in-la- 119 arid myself. . ' -- , How clear and bright the hall was, and how happy every one appeared! It seemed to me, my sisters had never looked so well teristics of a gentleman. ; ' as upon that New Year's Eve, and they simultaneouslv. Truth dreads no scrutiny; shields herself The young ladle.? of the Jackson Presbyenjoyed themselves isonuchand Iwere so unconscious of self, that I delighted in terian Female College have resolved them jbehindno breastwork of established custom or of respectable authority, hut proudly selves into a "Cozy Club." , wafching4hem stands"on" herwn-merit- s: that 1 should veiy much admire the taste o jvoMANCnamed MaryTaborhas ieted To an acti ve and an ingen ions in i nd there an intelligent lady, who remarked to me, as mate oh a Missourifeamlioat fbr"two pursuit more fascinating than the that the llgtire of my sister Maud was reallv years, earning forty-fiv- e dollars per month. pursuit: ofkhowl edge," jio"pl(ftsnvmorV0r5: the finest in the room. I : wonder ifzMr. Jl; - FL7,EER states that Hen of YIH, Eng an rem embers h ow I dan ced a reel with Jrltiifi .Itjhdigcff'eiy of truth." a woman the whole revenue of a jtt?ite-th"gave land, XABOR'aUiewliK that evening? He was so awkward and un convent as a reward for a pudding heaven . and not blush, while all worldly making managablc .that, beginning at the head of wnicn Happened to gratify his taste. dignities, prostituted to vice, will leave the set, when "down the centre" came for wife of Marshal The Guebriant acted as their owner without a corner of the universe u ?, I marched hi m to the foot and there v for France, and was acknowl- in which to hide his shame. remained, and he still imagines, for ought ! representative as at the court of Ladislas IV.. Don't laugh in company without exknow, that we went through the Whole change edge of such, Poland, inlGlG. v as did the others. My sister Evar who was King plaining why you laugh. There are always some sensitive ones who will believe them- Harriet MartmeauiscoRfirmed dancing m the same set, laughed so much that I almost became plagued over it. The lid, and sees no visitors at her cottage, selves ridiculed without the Tsliglilest occa ".;:. only unpleasantness that occurred, was that! "The Knoll," at Ambleside, near Lake sion.. and truth constitute true nobility, Virtue had to go home before--1 wanted to I was Windermere, in England. A thousand American girls, for whom these can be your's as well as another's, only fourteen," iThree hundred and sixty-fiv- e only to maintain them. The poorest days sped the schools on this side of the water are not have noble as the by us, one after another, bringing each its considered good enough, are receiving their and lowliest can be as truly : , rich and great. varying scenes During that little period education in France and Italy. mere tKvis rTir,E"TT' Jc ttiapo rtctAjinuii." one sister gave to earth a tiny, new inhabitTnE funeral of Fanny Fern took vWiAe not time to do both even if both could be ant: Eva was wooed, wen ami min"', :na wfsKes of tho"deseased, was private. The kept in remembrance; who ever heard of a another sister ieix us to return no more. In rich person ("one who trusted in his riches,") less than six months time, birth, marriage remains were taken to Boston. A remarkable incident is related of a who could find time to keep holy the and death were all visitants of our family . circle. , young girl in Dundee, whose hands and fireour A good action however small should feet were all amputated in consequence oi Yet there was no gloom around word, no matter side, as we sat and listened to father's grave, embolic gangrene and for whom artificial never be omitted, a kind or humorous stories; and Maud and I lands and "feet were specially devised, how simple should never be suppressed. or word, often saves one repeated dialogues and sung songs and which she uses with very little difficulty One little deedsometimes from destruction, from dishonor, and much satisfaction. hymns, on New Year's Eve, 1864. are never the TnE Princess Louise of Hesse Alice of and the actors or speakerswhat cost them was one England-h- as been chosen first Prsident of the poorer for having given Abundantly Protected.---I-a tlady.wh.obe-longs International Association for the. Protection nothing. evening last Summer when " the one your way, think of statr of of If darkness obscures on the editorial and the of "Women; Congress of the Rights darker still, and be madeihiOleeUon haj those whose lives are and of Darmstadtjwhich leading dams: gladness is.your.:,-detained by office duties until rather a late chosen several - English women as corres comfortedf If sunshine portion, try to infuse "golden" drops of the hour. Living on the Heights in Brooklyn, ponding members. and thus but a short distance from Fulton Ferry, it Madame Von Goethe, wjidow of the great same, into hearts lessforfortunate like a spring of increase your store; was not much of a venture to go home with- German at died son, recently only water is the,, human heart; the more you out an escort, and so she started. On the Weimar, poet's the old. During very Saxony, more it is capable of reshe did the draw out of it, the boat, standing outside enjoying the breeze lifetime of her father-in-la: . after the day's toil, she perceived a gentle- honors of the house, and prcsfded at many a ceiving. man (?) in rather close . proximity to where social gathering marked .by the presence of NECESSARY EVILS.- she was, but said nothing. of and authors most eminent politicians the "Are you alone?" said he, as the boat the age. Goethe loved her as a daughter, neafed the shore. The other evening, being out in company, and admired her writings, and at the time and without "No, sir," said the lady; she edited the Mitternacht "Zeitung," used I heard a gentlemen (?) declare that w omen boat the touched, when further interruption, to speak of her as one of the ablest critics of were necessary evils. Now was not that oflV v she stepped brilliant? Quite original. - In down -- East tlie age said the ."due tell." "I thought you were nofaIohe7' Tiie employed by Macullar, Wil- phraseology, let me exclaim girls side to her With a again. covered fellow,- stepping & Parker in their tailoring establish- Being only a woman, I was liams "I am not," replied the lady. declined to accept their wages due sense of my degraded position. A' Boston, ment, is with Who one. you?" - . "I don't see any one week's work, thinking that the sum necessary evil! for never I'm the and on angels; "God Almighty Will anylnxly define, man's position be acceptable in -in the aggregate might alone." consideration of the heavy losses of the firm. this sublunary sphere? "You keep too good company for me, On Let me whisper in your ear this gentleother hand, the members of the firm, the a for shot he and is madame; good night!" welfare of those whose man has had three wives think fie the for solicitous" a block then nearly Fulton Avenue car, bo small but sufferings great, rather fond of said evils, but don't know. losses might was woman permitted heroic away. The Wonder if his sons with such training Collins to send to them any to keep to "the right as the law directs," told Jennieand w ho won't become unmitigated causes of regret ta their own, work particularly satisfacgirls, of and enjoy that full measure quiet be in need and they would provide some poor necessary evils. tion ono always feels from keeping good might One of Them. for them. ... . -- ' -- is--- ; no -- u j-o- v Sal-bat- h? -- w, v " -- - -- company. ' 