I; late years has been.ina great, measure excu- gable for' the supporting of schools of, inferior quality. When all the inhabitants of her com munities who could and would work at man ual labor, were compelled to do so for the sui sistence of themselves and their families; how ever much natural abilities or education might have enabled many "of them to excel as in structors of the young, there :waa7littleiTpi for choice, as to who ,shottId:be the common educators of the children, ; ( n, fi that fs. But happily, period passing atyay, and brighter: ideas ; of better methods arerrbeing molded into practical shape. Men and women of- - superior talents, great force, energy; and strengthYof i character i are coming forward to - ; ; - . ; 4 . rwith-heaca:strengt- - -- a; I shook her breast with vagoe alaiitns-- -' Ikf;tjrTenufjramamouniain'ft ' L' '.,t We rushed into each other's arms. Love etters form par t of the cho icest ma j chinery of the poet and the novelist. Pope's own letters, whether to Lady Mary Wortley AVLuiiutuutur iu inmuijor 10 iuarina tiounik are probably love letters, and we shall watch with;' much Interest their elucidation by WhitweH8Elwiri.' One of our mast popular TuubergehineruseoJ flOveHstsiscusses: with much force tJie great And present appearances indicate profitable value 1 of these leijtefznd 3 ' I anigratifyihg results. iI- arerunab selves justice can : nevertheless Ihorpoghly reveal their whole nature in their love let- 1 , . 7 rf"TTtrt"-rH- ters.f fThis i : Late communications ley, inform usrthat very severe cold weather nas oeen experieuceu murej uuruig uiu p.i fewrweeks,and that a" greater depth of snow has fallen than has been.ownnfor several -- years.:? m-p.- "ir- nt - iyu vi his Southern home 1 in ;Bt i George; wherey we are pleased to learn, he is in the enjoy- 11 tilt 1 Christmas is again "at the door," and -- is probablyerytr ueJMany men get on much better in paper work than in a vivairrocei exaraihation!A.t the sam tlmeLJLjmMStrjeyerypuzzling'to ,inany youhg Iadies1of ithei present day -- to I havo highly intellectual letters from their lovers. They must: be greatly puzzled when gentle-- ? men of a speculative tonb of mind, or some sucking young ."lioa of the press of the future, sets forth his whole nature for Aman da or Areata, As a rule the letters of anv. genius with a gift orutterahce;must cause Ul decided wqriderment to probably; "raainiy rely upon' thc endearing expressions at the beginning and 'end, or on any Svax kisses -- .from Cache .Val ; , jthenceeo will have made hi? cheery call and, passed by before another number of the Exponent is issued. So we take the present opportuthe cnvblope We!ihave'heartl. j t suggesteoT nity of. wishing our friends, one apd all a that ladies in such difHcuItiesVhad IthinaJiscored "Merry Christmas." fvr l ' r::? f; notice.. f TheTyoiing feyiewer ought to have .written" his' letters "a year or two beforoj he had how "too niuch worlc on hand, : There is 4 a glorious old poet, Thomson, the' author of "The Seasons," who shows a sad gleam of romance in his verses to Amanda.From , ' London Society; -- - - -- lheGardner's Jlag-azin- e an interesting Jncd6ntol iselated a lady gardener yho gathered a handfuLof the world aBdoreseweRhemaslon sible, they werc r put in' ; a sourpla iTho rain-wat- er nlled flow near the windbwTl In asurprisinglyshort- threadlike roots were emitted space from tho portion of tho flower-stalk- s in the Nviiter, and they ; ultimately formed a; over, the ilate The flowers remained quite fresh, excepting a few of the most advanced, when gathered, and as soon a. the roots began to run in the water, the buds began to expand, to take the place of those which faded, and up to the middle of November the boquet if it may be called was a dense mass of flowers, and a more beautiful or chaste ornament fbrlhe indoor f apartment cannot bo imagined. . of-tim- e thick-net-wo- rk - : IIU3I0R0US. Deiier appiy 10 ineir uruiiiers at cui4egc. That the subject 6f love may not JoosO its , LOVE LETTERS OF EMINENT. ' i A head-w- i hd--A- f,i sneezb. 1 power over the minds .of young men, obmoon and stars serve that the sapient 'authorities , of the University of Cambridge have given a? the , YouNCf ijADiES-- economy never i throw ',V subject of a goldlnTedaHhisiyear awajra good matehf-- "Horalnum Diyuuque l voluptas , Ir A d sbinster used to boast Vr i Alma Venus.r ' The love letters of .eminent, persons are that she always had two good beaux: they were el bows. generally letters written :befpre they became eminent A, great author will not confine Jonds pot trnstod for that hat. arid he nowv his intellectual efforts to the penny post feels a consciousness of lein in'debt,' "dver2 when a publisher will handsomely remuner-- - head and cars." :theworld. ate hirri for reVeuling them A PoT.TTifiA t. Omior snftakinf of a cor acase of poets large part.of; theiiLe In the &eneral whom he admired, said he was., fusions might .without much straining, oe tain hut- broutrht within the category of love letters always on tho field of battle where the were the thickest But thenvother f eminences1 - mostly ;vrito jets i j r, ia i : 'Where wast that w;rr their love letters before they achieve great ness or have greatness forced . upon them.. jMlh the"ammnnitionwag6n.,? This is a great consolation for .the lawyer r A QAKEii trentleman ridlntr In a carriage ' that can get no; briefs, tno nocior mat can with a fashionable Iiuly decked wilh a' pro-- s getrio practice, the young politicLm who can- fusion of jewelry, heard her Cjprh pi alii'pr flio not get a seat and the young writer who has .,' his articles rejected. 'iTh'ey. can take itout shawl a"f light as';a cobweb, she . exclaimed, ' really, C in their love letters. I am sorry for" any "What shall do to get warrh ?V eminent man who has to engage in this dc- - don't .khb.wi" replied tlie Quaker, 'solemnly'. . scription of correspondence. Accordinglet-e-to "unless tlice should nut on Vanotber hreast-'he old joke the lawyer might tie up his with red tape, and the physician may An Enolisi officer was presen t;,w i th tho , Love make a muddle of. his prescription. ofPrussIa at a roview of Jiis gigantic; etters must take it out of a man, and, m King number of SiCY-liidiiTST-- un, ; In one of his celebrated essays, Lord discusses the love letters of Sir Wil- JMa-cau- ly . . liam Temple. He says heVould very willingly exchange tons of State papers for a very moderate amount of these love letters. The letters of William Temple to his Doroat thy are certainly interesting enough, and this time of the year especially, ay be associated with wider and deeper sympathies than the Triple1 Alliance. Macauly says he would very much like to know what proofs of tenderness a young lady would be permitted to. give her lover. We. should for our own part have thought that this was a hisdangerous and ; distracting subject for torical investigation, fraught with .decided is perii.to the historic mind. Theoffirst idea do that the manners and customs lovers however, not greatly vary in any age. This, ' In the diaa mistake. be would perhaps logues of Erasmus the young lady refuses to give her betrothed a single kiss, classically tibi observing, "Ut me. totam iilibatamaquo trodam.". In some shades of society cares--, ses have been strictly inhibited, and it is interesting to see that Lord Macaulay had diluted his powerful mind toward. the elucidation of the Subject. In the opinion of another great wri ter, with whom Macaulays mind had much in sympathy; we mean Alexander Pope, love letters lay? at the foundation of all literature. ".lie describes how they "speed the soft intercourse from . , " , tiiiiL good-natuiie- , 1 ; i ; , i --t- 1 ! t , , . ra i 1 regiment:' Wouldan 9qua rjoint:of--:fact,loverma- kin a mount : ill-spar- ed mm A. -- , -- r . . of time and concentration of pur from professional pose tnat can Jbo r rm nnrsuits. Eminence generally means enorr, and a man in full work cannot afford : time for such ludihria lunce. j They form the gloof leisure and youth. rious privilege -Jsoul to soul Amoncr the more remarkable love letters some wretch's all for Heaven first taught letters is the celebrated: volume of "Fo3ter'3- Es' Some banished Iorer, or wme captive maid;. We believe that all these remarkasays. breathe' lore what Inspires, live, they They they speak, ble essays were originally written to the lady Warm from the soul, and faithful to IU fires; to whom he was engaged. 3IcDonald makes The Virgin's wish, without herfears Impart, one of his novels simply autobiographical; Excuse the blosh, and pour out all the heart. :, Most of us know by heart Tennyson's lqve letters written by a man to vindicate " L- - . , ForwQETlE-NoT.-I- n young. '?:- a ! pretty little poem about "The Letters," how his character in the cyesf Of the woman he "She gave my letters back to me,? which loved. Literary men are hot always so volme younf lover refused to receiver uminous in this description of epistle. We She told me all her friends had slid ohce detected a very able reviewer In ' the ' I raged against the public Har; i weakness of 'writing a love ietterl "Vjl She poke as if her love were dead,' nut detain you long," he observed; 1 never iu yrworas were seeas pr nre,. uutm ? - I spoke give; theyqungHTOmert more thanflLsIipxt ind fbrce . i uuui X4ngllSIlUien 111 Mnjestyifll.o; humborrouid'try.;, l A your guaiua J i itanui 'V. parvenu . lately gave the wealthy which ho attends two tablets of stone, church With- - the. tTen Commandments engraved upon them ; whereupon a witty lady- memberof tho. church fomarked t lint h is reason. i i ; - ; T J giving away (ho Coni mand m;e n ts was : that he cQuluVut keep them. for. Tho Erie Canal is closed. . -- 3 . 