WOMAN'S EXPONENT, .families;- that if they humble themselves be- - iojhejdndj theso light will be given them. The Lord is at)le to quicken our understand- imrS and to teach us those things which wn ought to comprehend for thejbenefit of ourselves and our descendants. Counselor Mrs. Sararh M. Kimball dwelt beautifully upon the structure of the spiritual and physical faculties of human nature. - In childhood and extreme youth, she said, we enjoy most that which we. best comprehend; the faculties of taste and smelling are, perhaps, as finely developed in a young child as in an adult, while other faculties of perception yet remain quite dormant. As we grow older, the physical form develops, and so, also, the mental powers expand, ever reaching forth for" something yet beyond :i: tlio prsentAnct tlie most delightmUacul ty: things-th- at li . . iertxiininirtoTnortali is faith, that faith which gives us foretaste and foresight of future and eternal intelli-- l -- ehce In telligence is happinesswe: cannot " enjoy aught, of which' we; have no under--- hin cotton-clot- 115 with a similar garment of h, the waist ''support the other There are many sensible ladies in these United State similar to those j ust described. Among them the preference is usually given to thin cotton material for the suit next the body, with a suit made of woolen (white flannel, under-clothin- g. . or red fireman' gray ladies'-clotel) in the, same fashion worn over the cotton suit in winter weather. With' two such suits r for frequent- - changes, to give opportunity for thorough airing and sunning of the woolens, they require very little wrash-inThe cotton next the body takes up the perspiration, etc., and this gets the good weekly washing. The woolen suit when taken off Weekly for a change need only be exposedltOrp brtwo to purify : it properIy71vasliing"it only when it visibly requires it. woolen cotton under wear their "If men shirt sthe Woolen , may be t reated in the sa m e way, and m en who a re not en gaged in dirtMvork,jan jwear their woolen shirts all winter with very little" washing," purifying them by air and sunshine each week when changes are made. Ladies' cloth shirts shrink less than colhmon flannel." nn h, g. '. ; . standing. Mrs. Watmough madesome very useful explanations upon the formation of the body, the position of the bones, their proper treatment and the wisdom exhibited throughout the entire arrangement of the same. Remarks suitable to the occasion Preserving stuffed animals witIi-ou- t were made by sisters Ann Neal, Mi A. Arsenic. ilub the fiesli side of the skin Leaver and Eleanor Pratt. with a composition of 1 lb of tobacco ashes, Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Prayer half a pound of alum, two pounds of dry by Counselor Mrs. Pheobe Woodruff. slaked lime. Cleaning Oil Paint. Whiting HOUSEHOLD HINTS: is bet- ter than soaj. Use : warm water and a soft flannel. Afterwards wash- clean and rub dry with chamois. To render Corks, or stoppers aircan be accomplished by tight. This covering with a cement composed of red lead or finely powdered litharge mixed with undiluted glycerine. Mucilage. Glue, water and 3 per cent of nitric acid adheres well to metalic sur- Many a girl foolishly declines the bono true son of toil, because of what her fashionable friends say about it. "": '' ,.: '.", "O ! I would n' t- marry su eh a man fo r the world" says one. And another remarks, "It is so beneath your position in society! To think of your settling down to such a fate as washing dishes, and doubtless, mopping floors! I wouldn't marry him - or moderate circum, did, never can exist.. Ladies may go to all tlie expense they please to purchase artificial beauty, but what is it after all but a simple fraud which exposes a weakness of character? While real beauty can be procured and lon preserved at less than half the cost, by using sound judgment in the promotion and mainte" ": nance of heaith. The following from the pen of Faith Rochester is worthy of being contemplated and acted upon by mothers: . .t ::::i:::.r'l.i. :SZ:1SJ1. : I Linseed is recommended as a cure for The linseed should consumptive cough. be boiled to the consistency of a jelly, and sweetened with honey or sugar. Two large tablespoonfuls should be taken when the cough is about to attack the sufferer. a To Wash Straw-Mattin- g, half-fuclean of hot water, a perfectly pail --Ta- ke ll IcmjhandlctFi Sweep all dust off the matting, then scatter the dry meal evenly over the room. Wring the mop so dry that it will not drip at all, and rub hard, one breadth at a time, "Under-Clothin- g Cold Weatiier. alwaj'S lengthwise of the straw, and use on this subject before, but clean water for each breadth. . When the I have written to seems of precept upon pre- matting is dry, the meal can be swept off be need there cept. Of late I have been learning better easily; it should always be done on a dry ways than Lknew before. day. tor For children of three years and over there i$ noth i ng better, ierhaps, than an ndergarment, clothing the body from the neck "and wrists to tho heels, much like the children wear. .They may be made d with a plain, easy, waist, with long, straight sleeves, and with open drawers sewed to the waist,. The drawers should be rather full at? the top, but small enough at the lower part-o-f the leg to the. to or the heel, leaving no stocking, reaching gap above the shoe.t 'Ptors disagree' alxnit the material of this .some recommending woolen and .some cotton. Taking into recount the difficulty- of washing woolen without shrinking it, and the "dis perieneo in wearing it, probably the best L -u- night-drawe- rs high-necke- go-ins- ide under-garmen- ty oos is to have this underor of garment "made either of cotton-flann- way in most el .., never married at all V? Why not? I would marry him, provided I knew him to be honest and temperate and industrious and tfiat he loved me, and I him; If he is a genius and a scholar, so much the better; but if not, these qualities can bo cultivated- - to ayery great extent, and an educated, refined and loving woman, can do more to assist that cultivation than tlie whole worlduld do without her. -- -- i IfQibJi tuneohatrahc isrielHtt worldly goodsas well as in heart, so much the better; but if not; go towork with him, you will never find wiser or better employment than assisting the man you love to rise in the world and great as your proud--eambition would prompt withi n you a desire to see him. There is much satisfaction in earning what we possessy much more than in receiving blessings in any other way. There is true dignity and honor in and st beeome-as-rie- to labor, laMrjoO which tliose who consider themselves above work will never attain, until they have risen above that degrading superstition. - Aunt Trudie. RELICS OF A PAST RACE , stances have, often, as lively a love for the beautiful as those who are better off. Therefore, nothing is more becoming to a sensible woman of limited means, than the firmest endeavor to keep on hand, through-som- e legitimate course, such articles of food and clothing for herself and family, as will secure h ealth. - For i t is a well known fact, faces, that health and beauty go hand in hand, and that deprived of health, true beauty never . if I - Persons in pinch ed - meal. On the. form of Mr. Harrison Wjialey, near Moorfield, in this county, is a skirt of woods which possesses characteristics of deep interest. About three inches beneath the surface of tho ent i re tract may be found innumerable bones, evidently the remains of an extinct species of the human race. Several mounds are also in the woods, and in one which has been partially explored were found skulls and bones, which from their size, must have belonged to a race of beings far more gigantic than the race- which now inhabits the earth. In this mound were also found many clay utensils; also arrow-head- s cut out of the solid rock, and pipes or the same material. Such a memorial of Jhje past starts many inquiries. WaFthepIace a ratterolMhereor the glory of their rigihes fought to maintain 1 Or was it a : common respective tribes? ? The first seems the most plausible theory, in as much as the whole tract, covering at least fifteen acres, has multitudes of human bones but a few inches beneath the surface. It is evident they were never buried, but originally lay exposed to view, until the accumulated deposits of time formed the black, rich soil which Written for tho ExiwifST covers them. Rut whatever theory may MARRY A TRADESMAN". be adopted, it h certain that these bony memorials ante-dat- e history, and furnish of how little is known of the another Young ladies, no Ver".?peak unfavorably of races andproof tribes who flourished, it may be, the idea of becoming tlie wife of an honest "Carlisle (Ky,) Mercury." tradesman," for they . are in reality the centuries ago. of most honorable and One of the most able and honored of any community, taken as a. whole. Obscure la bor often does much more for the cause of French writers has justly said, in speaking fame. of the pleasure he derived. from literature, humanity than do jlecds of World-wid- e Tlie head may work itself grayr inventing I read all that antiquity has written except plans for industry t enter upon, but unless the poets, with whom we had been surfeited the' hands are found, the sturdy, willing at school, and in whose verses our wearied hands, to bring the designs which genius eyes saw but the eresnra, and the long or Sad efieci ;: br premature ha 'devised,- into practical use by practical, abort syllable! of a diligent lalor, what could, tho schemes and satiety, which withers in tho mind of human revelations of distinguished mental iower child the most perfumed flower . ever accomplish? thought. -- burial-ground- - worthy-gentleme- n -- ' . .'. 