':: WOMAN'S . The net contained iif lii oses, of themselves, ho great Interest for present or future generations, as Uhe motives which prompted individuals or kingdoms to work out Such fact. - Every deed that or ha ever been, accomplished, must, in accordance with the laws of nature, he, or have been, : i, actuate HfcFme meint r ts x r ty r X 157 which was considered more appropriate; also that for various individual and genera J causes, the meetings be postponed for one month. Thkkk was a time when woman's chastity was i)rotectetl in Utlili, and the crime of viola-1- ) tion was unknown here. - But w ith the advent of a class of lawless men there is a sad changer ana women when alone, anu unprotected are in hourly danger, A short time .wora4lady"arr rived at Ogden from Piedmont, on the tv P. It. H..' where she had leen teaching school. .The train had been delayedby snow, and did not reach Ogden until a late hour. bhe was ottered a room, used as an office, near the .traekj as, a shelter for herself and a baby in her arms, Until morning, the person who made the offer hand ing her the keyrand - sayingthat he stopped at a hotel ui) in the city. She accepted the offer THE BEX. Association." Tub Vienna Exposition will have a Special I r ! and good wohieitell us of bright out .designs wrought in noble deedsy wdrthyof our hmtation those of anibiguouTaii(i characters show us the tedious ami fraudulent way of walking in darkness with no pure and exalted ambition to instigate jto high and noble purposes. i . J , History-- is solid food, in the shape of facts, from which intellectual and" philosophical sustenance may be drawn; romance isa stimulant, which excites the mental jiowersTonly to leave them weakened, and stirs up passion - to seek with thanks, lonely asl Wise repre-heiisib- le , season. evcjwb 'r 7 XXX ' AirwoMANin Bif mi hghahip2n gland, Avas lately fined! $200 fur giving a good character i y ,: : , X to n bad servant. : i? AKi novi: rumor, says, it was lung fever with which Miss instead !:of biiudl-poI)odgey(C2aii iiamiltonhas belinT afflicted. r Thk Empress, of 35razii, died in Eisbonia few tlavs since! acred 61. She was 1829. tt3 marriect to the:Emperor:Pedrd Caktx)TTI Patti was on a train in Georgia . ; '. :y .. ;' . : ; x, ; dow-age- In ' gratification department for "Womim's Work." AMCE ellington, tfostoivs coming poei13 a teacncr 1,1 tno wys iiign fccnooi. 41 isSamliikrtou. an American girlr is to be t he prima donna in Warsaw, next whenaTsevereteide ,. . r . ' very: active lu?r.sf3nhero ' - . iuatteiiaiue;touiv II. , ' ir- f ?it,';-tt'-pi what rest sue couiu ior me nigni, Avnen me sufferers. vWw Wdmirprs of tin; brilliant talents ios villain who had given her the key; forced an :.. HOME AFFAIRS entrance into the j)iace,iaii(l with leveled pistol siRssd W fmfi" Clara Schumann; have pur--7 for that lacly of a thQUsQtV: In liandjl by violence co jnuity - Ox"Fkhiu;aiiy JDth, Miss ' ' -- f ?" thalers. Wal?Hliat the ohiyrmn wHFPrcUlent G A San Francisco editor think Oregon and should be death. He escled, w7is captured at was at Alexandria, in Kgypt, and the party fil-' it. T ! .. 'J...... rrr- t anu orougui ioims. cuyrauu 4 4iow Washington must be good places for women loauo, to start next day for Cairo, the capital committed for trial, being held in bonds, of to live in if they have time there to attend of Kgypt. From thence they proposed ing $5,000 for his aprwarancej to buez, . Ismailia, and Port takinsr wb- Thk eddost of General Schenck's daughters, who Judgcr committedliinistiajes lasOiahie and taste iiiah's outraged chastity and a horror, who are so pretty .son oi Palestine. scoundrel ful, is about , to be, married to tne at indicated, the Awealthy price ' AX hock spent pleasantly; in Professor Moi . , thus commit crime with impunity, of the a member of Parliament. may us few a College, mornings since, gave Madame de Schwciuitz, wife of the Ger most infamous character, if he can pay for it; an assurance that the- gentleman or lady who while a poor one may have to suffer imprison man Ambiissiidor, and daughter of .Minister has the privilege of regular attendance there, ihe Emperor of ment. And this Lis the manner in which Jay, was lately received by can hardly fail of becoming so much engaged woman is Vienna. , (Y jn. -- v h T7TT by the administrators Austria, at "protected", in whatever branches of study may be pursued, of the law who clamor so loudly IVfus. Mavor of Jurupa lately saved, her against "Morno in as to render school-lif- e irksome and a Well l)y dry mon" men for caring ior, preserving, and really child from drowning by decending respeet; ?Tlie lnanagementi of the commercial their WiF wivrsTThile honoring toket" and rope; she sustamed hersOlf and protecting ilemrtmeiit and "the styles of penmanship as a priceless child until assistance arrived. it and in all, guarding chastity exhibited, were particularly interesting. A husband in Rome, N. Y. , lately sued X-lv jewel! business. his the Principal understands his wife for $30 he entrusted to' her before in As if to apologize ami make restitution, for of marriage. Nothing like it was recorded the of Prince Wales, Emperor Thk of the middle ana latter the law books, and the jury, with chivalric the heavv snow-storand of v. the German Hospodar Montenegro eather-kinwife. g part of February, the grand old w the royal and other promptness, decided in favor of the be will M. Thiers among has loeii smilimr so lenignly, through the first distinguished guests at .the approaching MiSjiIIosinerMrmouumentloMissiFid - aso-rof the ve" ivIiteoner. .ifi fn lxgimiing a voumr English lady who died in nf i V V, Vienna' Exposition. of .St.Tin the Church has . been the lovely appeamnce of placed Rome, . . . ITf Spriimontiis almost to make his Andrea delle Thk Shah of Persia wishes is mo in that cny, anaIT"! As; early as the 10th sel Fnitte, Maydelightful about the En roncan tri n wit hout ostentation, so he only sculpture by an American artist to be were merrily birds singing inst., will take with hini j?nly threq prinees of the found in any ot the iiauan cnurcnes. - an enterprising noney-ue- u wimlow;uimer blood, three ministers of the hrst class, seven A yonu sharper says, that "a selux)l-ma'ailanced in and out of doofs which it happened of the second, and attendants. a thirty who has never been in love hasn't a t rind nfar. warming its "glossy wings in- the relative to the prin bit of mercy but take one that's got someA ri Minhitie: vouns. ladies skiprwd about the languages shows that Eng body to look for, and she's tho best iii the7 dustyr Streets, which were iosiiively becomihg oi persons, world. 8he always keeps a smile ami a "with light shawls or none at all on; and older lish is snoken bv !Mj.00O,"OU word on hand, for fear of a thedread-fu- l German by 55,000,000 Spanish by 55,000,000 pleasant ones sighedovcr the near approach of r and French by 15,000,00". surprise." heat of July ami August. 7 a well in a Western x i nimeiise Catholic emigration from A woman fell into and -- A very interesting meeting of the memau editor, in combe- impending, in conse- town the other day, to said is held was Germany bers of the Physiological class Hie menting upon it, remarked that he never difficulties between ' the of quence at the boeial Hall, their regular place heard of a commotion in his life that hadn't ana oi tne 11th government uignnane the of Imperial of meeting, on the afternoon The statement seems a woman a't the bottom of it. It is supposed Church. Roman the had instructions fellow had been married once After the usual inst be that the young Catholics Will come to that the poor to Martha Miss or twice and spoke from the card. been given and received, 7 America. a made presentaTh Hishions of the Japanese women arc Home, on behalf of the class, urch t lie Greek ill TkrivisTF.il Uaheroft and services as thus spoken of: by Mr. Lanmann: "The tion to Miss Mary E. Cook, whose their at Constantinople wagged hair of the women is gathered in bunches, teacher of the class have been gratuitously patriarch in mutual compliother beards at each The gift, hich and tied with tautimlly dyed crapes, given since its organization. class as a small ltcv Ol ouiiau Ill' tortoise- visits. llie City .inc i.. nipnt:irv and secured by along o had been purchased by the Uh nil nin. The dresses arc made verylong thanks for the other day. I lie patriarcn is muciy-iToken in acknowledgement of their tot lx?Iieved is vcarsof age, and tho minister The sleeves arc flowing, (and only sewed older. and Vppre&troi or fifty years about half way up, thus forming a pocket. of artificial be not more than forty endeavors was a very handsome dish at Vienna will A species of sash, four inches wide and four Mrs. 's exhibition and by formed arranged The fruit, artistically M. Kim- open in iay. The American Commission feet long, is worn around the waist. Sarah Mrs. this of city. Wilkinson a is very active in securing sixice and provid- women always wear white .socks, in which made association, the of ball, President from the the big toe is separated from; the rest, to exhibitors for re- accommodations which was. ing is admit of a thong by which the. shoes arc short, appropriate address, A competition States. sharp Cook. United terms liy.Msw sponded to in suituble between British and American tied to the feet. They have 'rainy weather' expected J lUwasthen .jnovedondeilniLamcd, inanufacturers reapers, . and shoes ami 'Mr weather' Ihoes, .which arc mowers, of from 1 un n.mn nf hr Rociet v be changed made of wood and of straw." ; machinery. agricultural improved 0ther Educational 'Tliisiological Class," to "Indies "rightelHis mea ns. - 3- " -- 1 : c'juyi .Klllvi " ex-!p?i- wr smeiqthe V.J Jt ." T well-educate- d, life-lon-g. .. . : 's g-an- - ; ; - . Evi-denti- y, ; X -- ms ; ? . ; ni kcknt-calculatio- cipal-Europea- n n -- - . - ' - " four-corner- The-World- u. -- ed 