aN rw.Q m in s : x r o K e n t. And in large families will bo found THE SEX. such vast varieties from nature's store, that the admiration, fervency of devotion and wnrmth nf iiflWtinn in nvrVv snnl. "will find t Mrs. Sarah E. White will hereafter some rich enchantment where, upon tofest. manage the Blopinfield, IVIo., "Republican." - Some natures are best pleased with their Charlotte Cushman's health seems to bo own like, as some thoughts call for jcchoes quite broken down. She has finally given of themselves; while others - most adore-- up her public engagements in thb&outh and ' ' their opposites. But in the "fiimily, meet- - West. ingf'h every desire for, congeniality, of a In Rockford, Illinois, Mrs Wilder the can be will There gratified. lofty nature, young wife of a Chicago capitalist, publicly be found the jocund,, happy boy; the shy, horse whipped John WThite, . proprietor of coy maiden; genius riper grown; arid pleas one of the principal hotels in that place. ing innocence of tender years. There music, A White marble statue of Queen Vicmirthand Joyous wit abound; and holy toria, weighing seven tons, has arrived at aspirations are awakened arid "expressed; si fathnr's Tirnvpr. a mnthflrs rrfiiPii smilfts; is represented sitting on a chair, with aunts1 kindly sympathies for childish way- Queen, a dog lying by her sice. ; , ,i wardness; uncles' brave, manly generosity ; of a and mcmmorial of Alice author The nephews and nieces all are pets with all each is in some parUciUar jrespect a favorite Phcebo Cary, states . that, .looking through tions. 'FEMALE PHYSICIANS. At SteinwayHalllast evening a very intelligent appearing audience assembled to assist at the commencement exercises of the --Wonien's Medical College of the New York Infirmary. On the platform were several n physicians of this city and other distinguished citizens, among whom were Judge John It. Brady and Nathaniel James, Jr. Mr. Samuel Willefts, President of the college, presided at the exercises," which, after a voluntary on the organ by Mr. G. W. were opened with the conferring of degreef of the following named graduates; Miss" Abbie Luelle Fox; of Illinois; Miss CharlotteAVarner Ford; of New Jersey i Miss Ellen' Currie jueggett, of New York; Miss Jeanette Taylor, of New J ersey ; Miss Emily Hellen Wells, of Pennsylvania, and Miss Kate Cecilia Woodhull, of New York: The obIigationwa's ...read to jeach of the graduates by frsEmily BMekwellf MFI)., Secretary withiehfand the "Family Meeting at Father's House. of :theFaculty;Lafteryh ts L. ; were presented by Mr. Willetts. i , Prizes were then awarded as follows: To for -- the best report of Miss Emily SABBATH i SCHOOL TEACH ERS. the medical clinique, "Nebmeyers Practice well-know- , w .... . . . , ; ; . - r . . A i-Wells," - of Medicine;'! ioJluSarah the of the surgical clinique, a best-repo- rt It is joften remarked thatrthe-teach- er ' not a single word of their own, refering in anyrpersonal way" toThemselvei" They: shrunk fromiwri ting 1 letters jltbeyikept no diaries of thought or incident. ' A lady of Harwich, Mass., attended the and presented her claims in in opposition to uiroadlichiiwastolpass; town-meetin- g, tne foabDath School can do us muchTto help "through 'her ''laTrarrfcirscetfdedth& in the same for the best reporf of the eye; and sustaining the cause of Truth ascan the platformjMthe housewas hushed ' tosilence, ear clinique, a handsomer opthalmoscope.; missionary to foreign climes, preaching the she was listeneHItoIthXm For report of the eye and ear clinique, Miss Gospel, . The same sentiment was expressed secured the. vote in her favor. So much for E. Baldwin recived honorable'mention.,, c by one of the Elders who made an address Cape Cod. , ;t The valedictory was then read by Miss athe lateSabbath chpFConcertheld in several parts of, England, there appear old the Tabernacle a and new this in II. after which Wells, to have been established Mechanic's city, Emily Judge Brady words as, they were tutes for mutual with the delivered one of his characteristie humorous improvement,' in which tn aha ....... v umcu, ut ven ,a men, and philosophicarMdresses," with which the iiTrnunn women as have the same llyicr. '.uw young exercises closed. "New York Herald, may do, emcient teachers. Mow many tripn. and in nnA nf thpspi Tfit!privileges .Tfwshnrv March 20. J f-::T youngladies, belonging to the Church of an authoress, well esteemed, attends the Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, have felt lectures to a class of young women, who be a joy and great srratifica- - take the name of mechanics also. that it would FAMILY MEETINGS. tion to them if they could have the privilege Ciiablemont has a revolutionary penof proclaiming the glad tidings of Truth and No gathering can be more sacred and yet salvation to those who are afar off, held in sioner, in the person of Mrs. Thirza Wing, for rendered by hex late husband jubilant, or should bo more conscientiously darkness fond in ignorance! And some in services the campaign of 1777, at the time of recorded in the memories of the participants, times has not the feeling arisen that the than the gathering together of the "family greater power for obtainingafulness of glory Burgoyne's surrender at Saratoga!1 She . years old, enjoys good after seasons of separation have had been bestowed upon man, while his is now ninety-fiv-e circle," -health and all her mental faculties. Her elapsed; changes having taken place since faithful helpmate was destined to follow in increased ;was in 1858- - from the old, happy days when the parents were the rear? Here we find all cause for envy pension to full pension. n young and the children small; new associa- or; jealousy in that respect obliterated. When Laplace met the late Mrs. Somer- tions having been formed, new branches Woman may teach, by word and by example, woven in, Jndiyidual cares and responsibili- the fullness of the Everlastini? Gosnel. ns ville for tho first time, he said, in his ties having been linked with the funda- plainly, as faithfully as man. What more way 'Madam, there have been only three mental household cause, which is dear alike can be done for the gaining and maintaining women who have undersold me yourself, Caroline Herschel and a Mrs; Creig, of whom to each member. There are they all the of the highest exaltation? ' T x with his But to truly teach a principle.it should be navo never, been able to learn anything' gray haired sire and grand-sire- ? - best of all God's gifts to him, pragtically understood by the teacher. Hence, 1 was Mrs Creig,'? said the modest. little of his life; sharer of his every joy and hope no pains should be spared a Sabbath- - woman. .bo, men, mere aro only two of by , eounsoler of his griefs, his faithful wife; who School teacher, by which acquaintance may youV exclaimed the philosopher, hath borne for him that group of kindred be formedwith any, branch, of;. learning that A numbee of young women have united hearts. Brothers and sisters and their little may be made beneficial to a pupil or a class, to form the "New York Business Woman's ones all congregated once more at "Father's It matters not how simple a truth may be, it Union,,' and are now occupying a large house, house"- - fair, typical display of grander is worth impressing upon the mind of youth. at No. 222 Madison Street. The design of the scene's, the blest, bright future in Eternal It is only by a grand compilation of divine association is to secure good lodging accom-truthWorlds.. :r v; each ono small in Itself, that great modations for respectable women whose No timid spirit, fearing to be seen or wisdom is wrought; and no teacher of incomes are small. There are abouicighty youth is. heard there, nor restraint is felt; one is should be above explaining the simplest rooms in the house, which are to be let fur-tanot higher, greater than the rest, but all which might puzzle ..lowrates77t learner. iiishe.d,-atTer-y alike are free and equal. There are greater responsibilities resting A driver, angry with his horses for some With all the different casts of character splejitHjOKx'ase of .'sugIcaTnltu5lenfsJ6, - : Insti-ineaningca- mc . , ; , ! ', one-four-th , ? , 4 -- - - the--partne- - - . ...... r - i : . : ' s, ' ; , ct ' the-you-ng upon teachers of Sabbath Schools, than many of entertaining lights, are aware. .As their missions are no less comprising a - wi th "all- - the medley those which the Elders ure called " to varying taset3 imaginations, fancies, whims, and thoughts perform m going forth Jo teach the jiations inspired; there still exists with all, in all of the earth, and warn them to repent of to vuu ciuouuumauur uniting-hea- rt j;ynuniuuO!mieS3 and heart, making each one's interests the if they allow themselves common cause of all. Love, is that senti- careless in performing' their duties in the ment, love which reigns supreme within Sabbath School, than that of the unfaithful the walls of every true home. For no servant who is sent abroad?, ,The, Sabbath abode, however richly graced or proudly bchool teacher should seek as constantly and ornamented or brilliantly illumined, should ervenuy the of nuth and revelation spirit bear the sacred name of home, where love h not, or not considered chief of all" attrac the seas or ui foreign lauds. and-impul- ses, -- -natural-sentiment -- arvS fancied offence' was about to lash them A lady interrupted him by severely. quiring the way to a"certain "street, ioa cer" tain inaa's house,. both of which she knew in-th- an very well;" But the driver fod gillant not to answer.tlie ladv's nncstinns.- hail nmnr. tun it for Ills fpmnnr i r nnrA nvirl the whip to" its socket without striking a VT blow. - If the beautiful and tho good are not always united, we can only Say that they ogHtto)eso,forthey as the blossom and the fruit. :. 