1 : ' - 1 - - V ' :' y i m- r . , WOMAN'S EXPONENT. blessed with" children? I How rnany; poor WOMAN'S v VOICE. The exterior of the Grand Sultan's Pala.ce girls without home? How often Uoi'wei' is a rare specimen of taste, eliaste leauty a strong minded woman' and elegance. : Harris vile, Weber Co., Utah, ? hear the phrase, sneenngly uttered? Shall we devote our On the fth of April, again on the upper ; May 11th, 1873. to weak minded women? Is admiration deck of the steamer Mara, I took a farewell Dear Editor: the. feeble proselyteto society to bo prefer- view of the Turkish Capital, while its hills' I write feeling a lively interest in your rea w uiu giu whu is ueiiLou iiouiy iiLSiuon- nmldollMTminarets. domes, towers iahd masts rvnliilJA nnnnr nnrl knowinc it.is the Drivi- laded in the distance, -- as well as that ire and duty of all lovers of Zion's cause, in the character God gave lier, and gaining ensetructurc onjhecoast of Asia Minor, to throw in their mites, to iissist in bringing aasprofession that will fill her jmrse as well her mind? Woman's true nature is not as- the place 'Avhere Florence to light the sacred truth, and making honorcelebrated , rl i il, umn arouseu wish ny me Nightingale bestowed her womanly and able mention'of the kind deingror"GouriUIUus'"y.Aert to uo Do that is independent. and something heroic aid In behalf of the sick, wounded I perceive the4 set time to favor Zioh has not mistake my meaning. There is a vast can come: when woman, the weaker vessel, dying. ' difference between a silly, conceited vand Near the shore of he beauti ful Island of do much to advance the cause of truth on msr arrogant independence, and the honorable the ynipechangedzfit&mer desire to be helpful and useful. May the morning of the,7th,landed htthe Piraeusrr to take from her her natural rights, and ladies of our Territory improve the rich took carriage rode (five miieiwhicli brought Satan stirrethuptheirjyartstpdpilier, us to the city of Athens. I am not an injustice. We, in Utah, havey and still advantages laid before them I Perseverenthusiastic admirer of ruins, and time- - shall have the right to say who shall be out ance will complete success, and it has been has already been done worn, relics of what is dead and obsolete, leaders, lawgivers, and representatives; and, . truthfully said, "what . B0H'aSW 4 In many ages of .the especially iwheiilhexJiave no ikissible bear-- l if i mav be allowed the i remark, luuslnds H I to' lead us back into the presence of bur world women, with voice and hand, have lhg oh present honor fort he noble-an- d acquimLdistinction-an-d positive -- predilections, my attention was f Eather and:X)iir""Godrrndaor?hilew brave efforts they have made. ILtve strongly riveted to some.of the stupendous havo thousands of .ways., to 'make ourselves i - , . im-llc- ; - ... .,.UlilI - l-r- r 1 - . 1 - 1. Togress,-yetTiapitej)f- remains-of-tho-ancient-sple- .. : jmy and-ma- g- ndor usefulin-eur-iamH- Iiothijdaughter ie encourage them lWlth ati inspiredlKiderj liificenco" of "aclt tfiaT flgure(Ts6jmucirin: and dutleso ciascs and political Ins tory'of Greece, by large or smallTldbhationspvisiting the to assist,--ad mo h ish R"" ahtf rcou nil But as I am not a professional archceolo-- sick; administering words? of comfort and triumph of heart and brain may they not r cohsolatioii::We have also rthereafclind iri achieve ! Kent. While visiting the Acropolis, on the lofty estimable privilege of worshiping God height of: the plateau, a natural enormous according to the dictates of our own lWecCii rock foundation of the original Athens, we science, believing in polygamy as issu e of the Expo 1 1 o he dea m ore f had a charming vie w of the present, than forty, persons nent, .sll piaF r T-t v-- s 1 bytheiiillingofabridge-evertive- I iAncienlly,.!! at lixori, Illiiiois, during the celebra most the was a where we Uill," judgment seat, eiyoy the great lessingso tloii of the ordinance of baptism in the water important civil and ecclesiastic cases were patriarchs and prophets with their families. below. ! Now wo have to record another of tried and sentences pronounced. On this Qh I happy daughters of Zion. Oh happy these oft stood and addressed Saints of God! do we realize the great and hill the Apostle Paul recurring "accidents," wh ich octhe people. I almost fancied him occupy- glorious privileges we enjoy? .Never was curred on the 22nd ult., during the laying stone cf a new ltoman Catholic ing that strikingly peculiar position in woman blest witn srreater ireeaom. , otiii I of the. corner . close proximity to, and almost surrounded we are called the "down-trodde- n women, of cnurcn, in Pennsylvania. A temporary on which a multitude liad assem-atteby temples of the greatest possible brilliancy, Utah J" We ignore the idea, and truthfully flooring, vast dedicated to, and containing numbers that we have more privileges tlian bled, gave way and precipitated them to the of those venerated deities, the very gods any Other Avome ground beneath. A greatT many were in- which . heT repudiated in the audience of Our Relief Society here is under the jured, but none killed so far as reported. their boldly telling his idola- - guidance of .worthy and eompetenOisters The Brave Illinois Girl Who Saved trous hearers that "God dwelleth not in whoso wholeaim seems to be to advance and a Ralway Train froc IIestruction. ought not promote the cause of God onthe earth. temples made with hands' As a little girl, Lizzie Ifourland bv name, to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, E. S. who resides at Woodlawn, III., on the line or silver, ox stone, graven by art and man's Now that there is such ample room open. of the StiJouis and Southern -- Railrfwd. device," etc. ,. We were invited to tea at the residence of ed for our present, as well as future, "'"profit I was passing down the track yesterday fter- the American Minister. Mr. Francis and and usefulness, if wo do not accept the noon on ner wav to thn nwel Ktntinn ! - . .. st : '-- "we lady, where also we met Mr. Goodenough, American Consul General to Constantinople, and spent a couple of hours very sociably and agreeably. We saw George First, King, of Greece, on the sidewalk, in plain citizen chances given us we can no more complain (Roache's,) she discovered a lot of brush for that comj)lete advantage that the world upon the track, which she concluded to has so long withheld from woman. What remove. Uion lifting a portion of the brush should be womans aim? Some ladies use she discovered a tie across the track; She the plea, that the requirement of those call- - endeavored to remove flm fin hut Lami. : a cnua oi only thirteen ; years of ge; her eostumewere told thaWio isrdoing allin ihi wJvielKavebe ' power to better the condition of the elusive privilege) will strip them of their strength was inadequate. Just then; to her With people. His Wife. Olga, is niece of the delicacy, refinement, and of their feminine horror she heard the train coining. of thus far mind attractiveness. Alexander not Genuine of worth need presence Russia, Czar, II, uniting exceeding her years, Danish and Russian element. fear disco veryl If a lady has a knack at she grasped her parasol and signaled the , We left Athens on the 12th arrived by numbers, and would make an excellent book train to stop, keeping it in violent motion train atTrieste, Austria, the 17th; at Verona, keeper, where is the harm? If her!bilities until she heard the engineer whistlingdown-brakefl.rt lOHi onrl rn ihn Mct nf IVrnnfoK fit her for a position behind the counter, let As the train was onlv about ner skill betried; orir blessed with sunicient one iunuroayams"iUstantvIieii' the signal " Of all sight-seein- g and entertainments, natural talent to become an artist, her was given, of course the engine struck the were nothing has pleased us more, and interested endowments must not behid under a bushel, tie, notwithstanding the to on the fullest extent, but the speed us so much as the packages of letters and Girls, you who are so pale, and wan, and put so was do scoff lessened by the time- - the obstacle not at this; your own papers which we met at Constantinople and pretty (!) Trieste, from Utah, informing us of "home, welfare and that of your posterity depends was struck that no damage was done. The sweet home." '::::. J:l in some measure upon woman's cultivation conductor of the train stopped and took up Eliza R. Snow. and aggrandizement.-- Listless purposes and the little girl and carried her to her desti- nation.-aftlanguid-exertiowill never1 exalt-one- .f thanking her for the tiirielv succeed Salmon P. Wno shall Chase, Work with a Will and a noble determination warnimr which, doubtless, saved a nnmlr as Chief Justice-o- f the Supreme Court of the to dp the world some good. The excuse is of lives. The train was a passenger train United States? Uulwer makes his "Riche- - i offered that beiricr- fitted for and fillingo thosft bound West,' and due in St. Louis at 4:32. : lieu" say "The mate for beauty should be mentioned places, husbands and children are which point it reached in safety, through the a man and not a money chest;77 m the choice neglected by wives- - and mothers: - The thoughtfulnes3 and presence of mind ' of for Chief Justice of the United States, should question immediately present sjtself, Does tho little girl. "St. Louis Globe, May 8th." be a jurist, not a politician; and a jurist of not woman neglect her family for dress, the highest capability and honor, calm, con- visiting, and amusements? But . we do by Miss Edmonia Lewis, (colored,) our no of ever to sound means famous American sculptress in Rome, has intend insinuate that there are servative, judgment, swayed bya consciousness of the vast responsibilities duties belonging to niotherssuperFor Co the two orders of $50,000 each frohi British care of their children. ' How many are not noblemen. placed upon him. ; s. air-brak- es .. er ns i . -- , . . ; - 