b?Vou l; : foshionable, calling it obscene literature; and allows the vilest illustrated papers to be MAINE PROPOSES to glVO women the circulated freely while its haunts of vice are mlnnttedly sustained Jy rnany of its ballot; progressive lfai no ! men and officials. Virtuous New v "Don'ttouch me; liit him;" is the way leading '..York!. Idaho talks of legislation for- theTerri lories, From t the rapid spread of Spiritualism v.f .p pointing to Utah. in the United States, it is a the Mormons" is and infidelity "The bill to what fractional part of the commu how a leading Eastern paper talks of the question nity nominal Christians form, and whether ' ." .; Frelinghuyson bill. a hal f of the clergym en have any belief i n The wi NTKK just dfsiiigjuigjj)een wha t4h A FTERA-fe-w newspaper correspond en ts evejbparts zo for known had 5tarilecMM?unt ry--f romytropriety many year. it fact that Endiana is gratified over the by the announcement that ten thousand be sent to Utah, it was stated haiaimaiiinria gcs as d i vorses. It coul d troops were tofrom official sources that there on authority scarcely divorcooulIe A tithe, of the was no truth in .the report. -united.;-- year concerning annually, diurnally falsehoods published religiously,' socially and Jol it ically, besides tluF7Ifit6ry;:TWOuldrluTa movement now painfully volume. .the KDItOni AT NOTES. .: - - be-de- il ey-prea-chc , i.J.. ,T( US -- ina dowmyard IIElSlQMANMIf& New York, at a meet i riff about- - two weeks as and highly patriotism Were piety ago, adopted a resolution and protest, entreat after as conspicuous. . pelf, prized and eagerly sought, ing the House of Representatives of Congress, United these what a happy, blessed country to defeat the bill offered by Merritt, dele-ira' 1 ... States would be from' Idaho, which included the disfran 1 Kit The Spanish republic is inreaienHi ly chisement of the women of Utah. And for ima this the members of the New York Woman's the not Suffrage Association have the warmest ' general disruption. The prospect is thanks of the women of Utah. very encouraging. wishes the chanuing A premium of one hundred dollars was Mrs. Duniway flourish offered for the prettiest baby at an Iowa actressyIrs. G. B. YValdron, "would mas baby" won the prize. So her own feminine name, instead of the Ave culine one of her husband." Why? , the world moves it an honor to the lady to evince that The present session of Congress and the think respect for her husband which she does in inst. 1th on the And it is his name with ' present Congress beexpires at noon. It will known in history as the wearing a credit to dignity. the profession they certainly very jrliscred Uolile Credit Mobilier session. between the exists there follow"," that truly LCocgreBS centleman and hiswifeixnafhnitypt feeling, Inkteaiof- which expires on said to be rarely met with among people of against Utah this session the 4th at noon there is talk of a Commis- their profession. sion to come to Utah and investigate During the last presidential election, matters here. Henry Wilson, the successful candidate for t, authorized a telegraphic California has an incorporated State comdispatch to the New York "Times," denying Woman's Hospital, the trustees being and men that ho Wned any Credit Mobilier stocic posed conjointly of prominent women of San Francisco. - It was incorporr lie admits that he did authorize the distmtchfaHdia form he myo it to his wife. Our next Vice- The wom a n suffragists of Oregononce a President for the four years commencing a State Society which is to meet March 4th, is a thoughtful man and a model vear. They will pot be likely to meet husband. Congressman Urooks turned over many times erelhcy meet me uesireu- y his Credit Mobilier stock to his for which the society is organized. rid of was to inves- but Mr. Wilson's plan of gettingcloser it the commission of a in proposal better, for it kept it still meets with fryor much 'matters Utah in ' familv. tigatenil nnnftprx. exeebt where there exists One of the most quiet and important a desire to push a crusade against the revolutions of ' the century was that bj or of justice. regardless law,' right which Spain ceased to be a monarchy The young King A WiscoxHiN singing ""master recently and became a republic. seventeen o vouncr ladv pupil, years Amadeus, with rare wisdom in so young a fWo-pr- f .w:lrrpnkin' a wooden ruler on her per monarch , see i ng that bis occupancy-o-f the son." He is under arrest, and should have fh rone was the cause of internal dissensions the full benefit of the law in such cases maue in his kingdom, resolved to abdicate and . did so. i The Cortes,r national congress, and provided. is the formal decree of abuica The era of fires in the United States nfter receivincr vote establishing a republic not over, and now it is said the Interna tion nassed a 4frtnaifCf xvih branch societies in. different and immediately a provisional government to burn was formed, po far the new republic nas parts of the country, are threatening conducted itself with dignity, and with the the leading cities. TJio; scenes a Paris by the Internationalist coniinui, adhesion of the masses may becomeis intho short time more firmly rooted than are not yet forgotten. , t French government, that seems tpat Ynnir imnrisons Geor''e Francis on "the"" will of Thiers for ifs "X Train for publishing a paper containing dependent extracts and sentiments more poinxeu inau existence. te ' " m i -- 9 A 1 ' t A miisv . I rbiii-by . Vice-Presiden- son-in-la- w, Tf -- rm 'JiMor-mons- ," i - . ..iicu . -- - - ' - No. 19. The newspapers continue full of . j sensa- tions concerning' Utah; and one hardly wonders that people traveling between the East and West should feel a little tremor When they approach Salt Lake City, as the -- honest "news" widely circulated will-lepeople who are not accustomed to have wholesale fabrications palmed upon them for truth, to imagine that there was a dread ful state of society here. And yet, with the exception of a lawlessly disposed Iass that hasTeeently :ennvo"hv lii- HtyespneinllyZ since r a: "vigilance committee" compelled" ad - som eH hejitoJl one 'of. the .most. cjuietti-the-CiJUliu.ejhitrJBt- tL by. and bysummer willJje here, travel will increase across the continent, and as it was a couple of years ago, when people wem lialf: frightened to come hereand were astonished at the magnitude , of the published fiUse- hoods when they arrived, so it will be again. Parson NEWf an, chaplain of the U. S. Senate, has again let his "piety" run loose in stirring up a crusade against utan. ins uence having fiuled to : force poor argu d ments on" sensible and pebple, he seems determined, if possible, to make them feel that there is a strong arm of power which can be invoked in his favor. Failing In logic and debate ho would-trbavonet and rilled cannon. l reuericK tne Great, of Prussia, was wont to enforce his arguments, it is said, by heavy kicks on the shins of those who discussed with him. One day he - remaked to an officer: "You cannot stand up before my arguments." "How can I" was the response, "wniie you wear such heavy Jioots?" Parson Newman wishes his, arguments sustained .:.by,ihd infantry--machinery . . i iit regiments, cavalry coiiorts, ana aniuery batteries. He desires the people of Utah to understand that the sword is at hand to force his syllogisms down the throats of the.Latter-da- y Saints. And he is a clergyman, ' better-informe- y . . . tool , r . . , Suppose a crusade should be urged country against..tlufljDmaiuCatliolics in this faliibtl n ty o-fleeause t Ifey Iel feve.i rithei the Pope and the invocation of bainis; or against the Second Adventists because, tliey believe the Lord Jesus Christ will speedily come and rule over the earth; or against the Methodists for imagining that the simple action oft he mind in el i evin g will secure their salvation; or against the Presbyterians for holding that a portion of., the human, lie family are born to he savwl and cannot damned, while another portion are lorn to suffer eternal tortures and cannot secure salvation, and whapi howl would rewoundIs throughout the entire country! Yet this precisely what is being urged against the Latter-da- y Saints because they believe in Prophets and present revelation; for the cry against polygamy, it is admitted, is merely age, raised for effect, the immorality-ofth-e, and caring but little in regard to morality, Utah perfectly satisfied that the people of on are the most moral of any communify the continent. The onslaught against the "Mormons" is merely an attack on religious who either do liberty, stirred up by a few are doing Tr are not comprehend v. hat they cad entirely reckless as 16 its results, if they ' only accomplish their purposes. 1 -- 1 , . 