.; WOM A.N'S E XPONEN T. (Written for the Expos est. WOMAN'S VOICE. THE SEX. THE "WOMAN'S EXPONENT." Miss Hunt, of Emporia, Kansas, is tho 1 Ogden City, Jan. 13, 1873. clerk of the lower branch of the Legisla- Editor Exponent:-- 1 To be misrepresented, ture. In all matters by an opponent; 1 am not accustomed to writQ to Editors, S with common consenting, women are ordained six pastors There but as we now have one of our own sex, We are now representing in tlib Universalist Church Jn .the United desire to communicate to her with freeOurselves, in the Woman's Exponent. ' States. dom. It. was for the Gospel that I came to small a Los of A young lady ,'Tjs' publication, Angeles, California, these valleys inrlSIS. I know it is the work Full of choice information, GOO acres of land, and 4,M)0 head of owns of the Lord, the plan of salvation unto all Which the Saints in all places should favor is still and unengaged. those whowill hearkeirtritQlu cattle, For, our faith in explaining And our rights in sustaining, of Daniel Webster is keeping precepts. I am it firm believer in all its There's none that is truer or braver. Apiece a Boston lodging house, and her husband principles, as revealed to us through Joseph r Smith; and that if any man thinks to put ; 'Tis a journal for ladies, sells fish. She once married for money. maid is, down "Mormonism" or plural marriage, it is Ev'ry one thata has been Lome of the and as Marchioness wife mother; As well the The between him and the Lord; for the Lord has 'Tis a champion of virtuo, of the British National President elected And it never will hurt you. commanded; we vbu t jobey. I anV ja free of the education for Union improving "But help you to love one another. woman in "polygamy ;'l and never had . Women. more liberty anywhere in the world rTrvAflfTs1JecHblionf watciietf-herwoman lieveV The lo. than IVavcnow.T:-Tiie"iiora": Prove it by your subscription nas.tT upIlftr " : to to the cousin is said be a neighbors for Excuse me for thus'gently hinting, tlielast timcflandLLthiLl Kingdom And let those who are able woman" who did not know how many dresses powers of evil cannot put it down. I .. sister-in-laKeep the Editor's table had. . the Exponent and anxiously Well furnlshedjwUhJleras worth printing. Jier 3Iiss J ulia Griflin, a young sculptress of awaitits coming; it Is highly: prized by the as well as the sisters., Brooklyn, succeeds MisS Beam at the Indus-- . brethren of this place, Our Society is: prospering well; under trTH .Kir7 A WORD OP CAUTION ca re of o u r : beloved : President, Sistc r bust of General James Jourdan. Richards, who, I think, is an example among recorded of A woman., manyjterriW t a d ied i lately Newburyport worn en an cLa pat tern for us alL late, occasioned by fires in all parts of the who was one of the choir of girls who M. H. B. country, "Will, perhaps, justify me in the greeted General Wash in gton wi tha song,. on sight of mothers and those wHo -may become his entrance to Newburyport. Bear Exponent: s mothers, in offering to them- a word of not that she . did Mrs. ou Partington says cautionPcrrnit me,:sisters, to entreaty reading your columns, I thoughtI ZZhjlg! u usba seco se nd beca she h nd loved her and ones marry to take great care of your little x)uld ad d a fewvords imny dwrrsimple: was because but he the1 male the sex, article other just never leave a match, or any if acceptable. In the first place, I am u sba nd , and could wea r h i s way, h h cr first of size ' and think their do within harm, withlwhicliiheyijnay glad that we clothes. old reach. I have ever been a great lover of that it, and also the "Juvenile, Instructor' Miss Elizabeth C. Frink, who was teacher should be taken and read in every family little children, and they share largely in my in the Territory, for the benefit of young sympathies; for, although I was never a in the Quincy School for about thirty-on- e 88 to 30th mother I am an orphan child, onlyT years years from April 1838, January and old. a died old the 8th of August last. few very suddenly 1st, 18G9, days I feel in my heart to glorify the name of It is well to remember that when acci- ago at her residence; 2 18 Northampton street. God for His goodness in sending His servants dents do occur, as they will sometimes with Ida Wilson, "nee" Lewis, the Grace who brought the glad tidings of the Gospel all our precautions, that preseneo of mind of America, still makes Newport to the land of my nativity. Wrhen I was should always be preserved, for it is needed. Darling and can often be seen in the young, beside my mother's knee, 'she taught Four years since I had a little experience her home, h er boat. No twi ths ta n me good things which I did not forget as I with' fire which showed me the necessity of her marriage she prefers to bacallad Ida grew. to Vvoanhwd. beinsr calm in a moment of danker. I that unless I should be born of water, and Lewis. been at work with a large kettle placed over I could not enter into the KingMissSihiley is converting the Chicagoans of the Spirit a fire out door, arid not having completed dom of God. And I would ponder in my what I had to do one day, the next morning at least to the belief that a woman can mind, and wonder how it could be, and "ajsk I thought to finish my task. I had placed preach, and in such a sweet, womanly way God in my ignorance to enlighten my unthe fuel under the kettle;, it had not yet as to make men ashamed of their sins, and that I might know what to do blazed; and I reached over to get something fill some of the ministers with a pardonable derstanding to be saved in His Kingdom. He heard and that I wanted to use, when instantly the envy. Even the Presbyterian pulpits are answered my prayers in His own due time dissent out - half a open tolicr, ..ahdiwithout: :fireTrparediiniithB.blze--ia)ming- ' to" the t plaee and wayrdirectingTny-ste- ps breadths two to myHannah A the dress, taking monument yard caught intrepid wThere His servants first brought the Gospel to could ere it waist the I Indians and who killed nine by thus extinguish nearly Austin, into our country. The first time I heard wrapping the remainder of the skirt about effected her escape . from savage captivity, them, Br. Erastus Snow said that all who aiid smothering the flames. I ran into my is to be erected at the scene of her exploits, believed in Jesus Christ, and repented of tt room, the burning dress was quickly thrown at the juncton of the Contoocook and their sins, forsaking the same, and .went into water, and I had another on and went rivers, in New Hampshire. down into the waters and were baptized for and finished my work, while no one but myA Young lady writes to an exchange the remissioii i)f Zsihs, liind liad handsnaid self was the wiser or knew anything of what a receipt for having fun. She says: upon them by those having authority from had happened. Had I waited to cry "fire" giving half a dozen boys and girls to your God, for the reception of the Holy Spirit, when the flames caught my clothes, all Invite should be saved.1 .Then the vail which had house when pa and ma are away ; put a would, doubtless, have been over with me; in a dish with molasses clouded my understanding- - was rent, and silver piece moment at more no the excited was but I an inch leep in it, and offer it to the boy I could clearly comprehend what the teach- than I ani now while writing of it. who gets JtiouLwith liism : V the boys try to get 'it' the more fun there will what was the first step to be taken that I ;' might obtain salvation in the Kingdom Tiie spirit of true religion breathes gentle be. God. I soon got permission, of my husof One day during the hard winter of 18G3, ncss and affability; it is social, kind, and and was baptized two weeks after I cheerful; far removed from that gloomy, a Miss Arnold Applied to General Milroy for band, ' ;' illiberal superstition and bigotry which a permit to furagc her cow, the milk of which first heard the Gospel. cloud the brow, sour the temper, deject the was the chief support of the family. "Are Ipthers should always teach their ehildren manon the sucli asked the and she General, "Yes," impress morosity you loj'al?" principles as will be for their benefit spirit, hners. And that the replied. "He began to 'Write the "permit bot- here and here-afte- r. , ' "To the United States or Confederate mothers in Zion may bnyp wisdom to do t his Reform, to be of any f permanent value, "To the Confederacy, of course," is the prayer of yours truly, must be based on personal virtue, not force; States? and the millennium will not be far off when sho replied. "Then i shall give you no A. C. Hedvig Hansen. x each individual shall set about reforming pcrmitV.said..the.0eneral:;3ThisJfamous Jueain City, Jan. 23, 1 8G3, v must be rebellion said crushed.,, "Well," himself, rather than society, and conforming can crush it "if John "The man who does the most lias the least' and God" of .starving to you his life she, the great law loving by time to talk about what he does. his follow-finen- . ; ! "We're no longer contented -- - . - . f ! . .. . .. . . " . . . . -- - think-mucho- w Jlie . 5 i have-suck-aa- per, . d-i- ng harbor-managin- g -- Pemi-gewasse- half-doll- ar JluoDA-l&wnJiiii)- .- - ... , ...... J ( -- - - " - f 