r W O 31 A N S E X V O N E NT, 143 A LESSON LEARNED IN SLEEIV not Bhakeh to its eent remand Nature's harTHE SEX. that mony broken. Hut let them know Last night when wild wind.? shook my window pane, God works always "with" and "th rough" One hundred women are said to be studyAna my fau neart as wildly beat within, the laws which 'Himself liasjaid down, and ing law in American colleges. Myd par, dead loY(Vwhom I had called in valnv not "against" them. c Newc dim My, raptured eyes beheld, through Agnes Ethel is to marry, ' . Yorker. If the chief ruler of a nation finds himself He laid my tired head upon his breast r beset with intrigue, danger and difficulty, The Principal of Vassar College is Miss And gazed with beyond my ken; the cultivation of a meek: and prayerful Perry; and Maria Mitchei is , Professor of 'And does my darling weep when she should rest, And long for me," he said, "tocotne again?" spirit is his best safe, gaurd. His bearing Ast ronomy in the same i nsti tution. will not be haughty and confident like that The. piano sent to the future Empress of He clasped my willing fingers in lm o wn, ' of-- h i nrAyher bel i evesh i smnrwi sdom suffi China is of gold and laquer, keys of mother-of-pear- l, And pressed upon my brow a holy kiss; cient for every emergency; but he will wear Then whispered low. with eoft, indulgent tone and plays itself like a music-bo"Thou know'st not, love, whatisireal bliss- a as leans ... mild and quiet air of one who upon Two daughters of the Earl of Portsmouth a superior strengthens hands will grasp have taken certificates at the London uni"In mercy I am come to thee 7 his and the in the place, difficulty right just To ope thine eyes, and ease thy breaking heart; in connection with the Cambridge words, though few, will be as golden bands versity, That sorrow nevermore may dim thy sight local examinations. to bind all sundered parts together. I tell thee why 'twas best that we should part. ' Miss Mary Nolan, of the St. Louis "CenNo is And man miracle? the where yet, has applied for a patent for "Dids't never dream that I might turn away, tral can - acceptably- - present himself before --the a Magazine," And from the paths of honor widely roam? reservoir, of her invention, wh iel i portable That thou might'st rue our happy bridal da v. Eternal until his heart is cleansed of all dark is to bo used in preventing large fires. And dread the hour that biought thy husband home? and-c rookedpu rposes, h i shau gh ty spi ri t Marie Antoinette's work-tabl- e has been --whole desires-center- ed his " upon humbled, chains strong-afire remptati.nrs doubly tried";-placed in the Louyrer TheJEmpress Eugenie --The wine-cu- p Thus--he what he deems hisrcst-dtjt- y wastny master from my birth; The fearful curse was bornvith hi el" he cried, bought it at a sale some" years ago for $8,d00r of to himself receive tliQ, blessings prepares i saved from tho Tu lei "Look at that picture ofour might-b- e hearth." keen foresight, sound judgment and the and t waFfortuhately ' ?.' ies before tho fire. support and confidence of all pure, minded r And far into deep rolling mists and haze Miss Eliza Lyman has contracted to furThe shadowy fingers pointed as he spoke; compeers. That very frame of mind which and And ai the dim luus rifted for my gaz, nish tho lumber for air the water-tank- s teiieccsM A Bad, sad sc ne upon toy vUion broke, i a now railroad to be bu il t many eases the answer to prayer the start- depot l)u ild ngs of to superintend the - t d accomplish in Vermont, and is going woman sat beside a bed ing point A "Whereon a wasteiinfant form wa3 laid; the good we desire. In His wisdom God so work herself. I heard an eager, feob'e cry for bread, ordainedit tliat manyprayera-should-thu- s The little coo uettish curls or frizzes now And knew for food that wretched mother prayed. answer themselves. so commonly employed to adorn the brows I weremuch-wor- nof ladies The scanty fagots which comprized: the hoard," we a that lament And many time when last century, and were called heart- the deemed but to mck her cry for warmth and light; our our not are answered, only prayers Tn e meager lurnituro ana emp ty board, breakers. fearful With meaning awnedpon;inyElghtr shortsightedness prevents us from knowing fact that many ladies who that they are answered even more fully and It is" n. sino-ulaA noble form, revealed by pale, than wo could have imagined, knmv hnw to nreservo everything else, can't completely Lay prone, in heavy slumber near the hearth; and much more for our good. Or, if actually preserve their tempers. Yet it may easily A crushed decanter told the fearful tale :: xv pnuuipiu. refused, 'tis only as a tender parent refuses be done on tne Of fallen manhood and degraded worth. for which only to "keep the mouth of the vessel tightly the glittering keen edged-blad- e "Could that have been thy fate and mine?" I said, an inexperienced child holds up its hand closed." a with fearful And from the sight turned groan To cultivate this prayerful resigned state of Miss Ransom of Cleveland, Ohio, an artist I started, for my vis'tant had fled; first picture ever mind is the very best preparation agains of merit, who painted-th- e 1 sat beside my window all alone. of a woman, has adversity, for we can believe our seeming of General The drear winds moaning at my window pane misfortunes to be blessings in disguise, and fiaislicd a portrait senses into sleep; Had lulled my tired generally prove them such. And prayer is Thomas, which is spoken of as ar work of I knew myiwoeful vision was a dream an armor fitted to all wearers. treatment. But from that moment I have ceased to weep. - tear-mist- far-oTey- Z.i . 3 lthy: es - -- x. to-nig- ht, . , -- - mi il-- from-whichwe-- wan-face- may by-tne-oei- ieoi r fire-lig- ht seir-seau- ng ina-hfrhvthf- t full-leng- th " Emma. PRAYER. fFor the Expoxest. The person who has never tested the power and efficacy of frayer is poor, indeed! Where misfortune and suffering crowd upon the stricken soul, when no human eye can see and no human liand. assuage its heavy grief, how great the consolation and the renewal of courage derived from prayer! How divine the privilege of kneeling low in solitudo and pouring our griefs into an car which is not turned coldly away, and of asking assistance where we have the blessed aSmraneo that Ave shall surely receive : The v vvard iray scoff, the wise and strong inthcirown conceit may sneer, those who cheat themselves into a disbelief in God's ability to stretch out His merciful hand over His children on particular occasions, may smile at the humility and .faith which prompt the act; but let the most scornful of them be placed in sudden and can deathly peril, where no humanarepower immedi-atl- y aid them, and faith and prayer vindicated; for the sufferer almost unconsciously calls imploringly on the name Of God, and looks to Him for the assistance .can no where else be ob-- which tained. . And many come from such trials with softened and humbled hearts; but some, he-kno- The and confidence of its friends, may, through this simple means bring itself into a state of mind and manner which is sure to please. The busy mother, whose duties follow uport cach other as unintermittingly as the changing seasons, may en velop h ersel fin this garb and surround her dear ones with this ; atmosphere,- until she wjljfiri'ljio reduced to less wearing cares of tho day ' than half their former dimensions. The calm, peaceful, yet ardent spirit flows but from her soul, as light diverges from the sun, and permeates every object within the circle of its benign influence. Not only will her strength be renewed and her fainting heart revived, but her holy guidi ng Influence will be more widespread and enduring than it could otherwise !e. The maiden just planting the first elastic steps upon the field of life, which, though wreathed with roses, is also pierced with thorns, may cling to this friendly hand, and enveloped with prayer as with shadowing wings, walk unharmed a midst the numberless dangers which enviorn the path of youth and innocence. The youth upon the threshold of life, may interpose it as a shield between him and all his foes, and bear it in his breast as a faithful monitor to guide him away from a'l ovil. Oh, ye scoffers! try it "with pure mind and feeling" and find yourselves nearc the than you ever werehefoie-Beavegates on ehildwhieh-desires-the-approbati- - -- of-heav- attributing-their-tieliverance-to-wliatever means was made God's instrument, still refuse to believe because the universe was k. L. L. I). Emi iEaithfulPs facoras deseribed-by-piercing friend; "A pair of dark and very and forehead massive a eyes over hung by somewhat masculine, and mouth set of good large, firm, and backed by. a teeth; maKe a iace in wiuuji mumijfirmness." is intimately blended with manly Tv" Strasburer. wearing the French tri color haying been forbidden by Hie Germans fi,r Eronoh ladies walk the streets by tnrees, one dressed in red, the next in white, and a third in blue. Engravings of these groups of fair promeuaders, passing puzzled and in the angry Prussians, are conspicuous windows of the French print shops. aOtsrVirginia T. Minor has brought suit in St. Louis, against the registration officer, for refusing to placelier name on tlie vofing a .v-v- v v lists. Mrs. Minor is the wife of Francis Minor, Clerk of the supreme Court of lissouri, who is determined to carry the case to the United States Supreme Court, claiming that women are entitled to the right of suffrago under the Fourteenth Amend- ment. is related that in Gaylordsville, in Fair-fiel- d county, Connecticut, there resides an old ladv wlio is so deaf that a large bell rung immediately by her ear, cannot heard by her. Despite this absolute ueai-ncsshe will go to church, listen to a nome lengthy sermon and then return worn aim lor le able to repeat the discourse sermon word. Her entire knowledge of the being gained from the motion of the speaker's lips. It 1 s, J 