I in t llll till r 1 r 1 Hi WW SALT 'LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1873. EDITORIAL NOTES Miss R. Jil ' Hoyt carries off. the prize awarded for excellent drawing in the Lon-- . cloa'KeniBgtonArSchclj; so the ladies , -- mayjX'arHh for Our side" apfarj ; ?t 1 Sli Katii;': Jlartou, jof Boston, has" i W ; -- vented an improvement on sowing machines, for the. marking of ljtents, awniujgSjjete. j boy babies.: u This is a serious matter j for if the theory be correct, the agitation will of women f have to Vq stopped by grating tlie right fi R EPURLiCANrassacMs suffrage to the women or ixlygamy may of action man the right to vote, by direct become compulsory in another generation or sotapreVent the Jctrom dying Qutzz:i tlStatelgislature u iii State iRepUbthe woman suffrage plante J- Among the late applications ibr office we Tdim platform? Des iiote that:iof 3fS . i 1 1 To jiear some men talk it would seem "never to be separated from his famllv." This or anything that would have a tendency that the chief end of existence was to enjoy to reduce immorality among national legis- theappetitesand that Jhe greatest charms lators and at the federal capital, would be a of life were whisky and tobacco. On this r theory, the more disgusting and filthy they public benefit. 'TnETIlEv. JTlXIFulton rerds ToIyeamy make themselves the happier they are; andas faYmofe scriptural than woman suffrage; their course would indicate that they leUeved in the theory. Is it any wonder that and the agitationpf ; pure women would cling to a pure man who M. ' , ? No. 20. vile and degradshunned and despised such ' : habits? ing ..The season for tourists and travelers .will- -soon commence, and clergymen win - oe relieved for a time from their "arduous labors'Lof preaching a couple of times in the week, and furnished with money to take a little rest arid recreation. It is strango that taMen A hrafTIad vifmiiiehlhad thisiclassoffc men should - bo bo troubled -lid Interest' in llie ceTofw united States Consul at Havre. How UU3 with bronchitis: strange how women who abused it to it by hearing lias been converted practical exhibition of woman's rights would have - to nise the larynx and bronchial tubes minisfeivPrcachers unknarried her application Ixj more, are notso easily nflected; strange how take inrFrancef-sh6u- Id by a young how rTthey4ar0use,femi successful it idiffieult7toyf3tvere should she ;to7seekLanllIobtain the" samej appoint- infinitely harder, have so little solicitation Tnlnercombatiyenp77r7 1 77?7Ii:l"' v. and strange, Seven thousand women: .'of; St. Louis ment fbr Kiel or any other, German town bestowed upon their health: such not be relished by the too. how there should be great neces petition thq legislature of .Missouri to repeal it certainly : would travel so much -the law licensingfthe social intquityiinSt authorities andj)fficials ofii,atherlandsli sity that cleimien. should at i half rates on TiiElroLiiowrNO extract from the "Wash- - for their personal bencht tOiicompel the Lsjatiwoaldre-bett- er arerjwonderfuily larien; f underl JwIioseTTptrDnagefTth&yieo ingtoTr'StafriS'dfmore. than usual interasti the railroadvOh, . things: of the flourishes, to take out licenses as. well as the "Woman's rights have t at length been changed since the ancient Apostles a living; Womerij-m-hare often their victims. jl recognized in high quarters in England. . A Siivior fished all night for themselves J; One cent a day is to bo' contributed by department of the civil service, known as hawked their fish to market, m the eveni caclrlladyT member of : the! Congregational the local govermment board, has just ap barefooted; and then preached of Peter, James and churches in Iowa, for five .years, with the pointed a lady poor-lainspector at the ing! Who ever heard Orson or 3Vilford in I view of an i endowment i fund of $20,000 .for verv handsome salary of $2,000 a year to John; or of 2Brighara, latter-daybeing sent out on a tour upon the domiciles and the treatment these the fehiale department of the Stato College. report for tlie.' benefit ;of i The object is a laudable one, and, worthy of of children who aror "boardedr out'; after by steamship and. cabin,r arid to seek. relief' from a ; i; I encouragement and success.!: jo W, the S3:stem which is generally adopted m their health, bronchial afleetioh? " ; : ; JMrs. the ;. Tassau , Senior is Scotland. lady to investigate charges Committed, been con- -- against U. S. Senator Patterson unanimously upon whom this distinctiojiJhas Three young ladies were lately mur: ' r ; " ferred be expelled 't, says: f "A bill has dered , two in Xewmost Hampshire and one in reported a resolution that he circumAn paper and Eastern perjury. rider revolting the Senate for. corruption Maryland, ' to" York New the : Grave as are the stances and in a horriUe manner.; Tlie charges, ihus unanimously been favorably reported Ladies' to incorporate the Young munlerer subsequently threw endorsed, the Senate has not yet expelled assembly dryland or isew Association of the Christian city himself under a passing freighfrtrain anti Patterson; But 'it passed the Frelinghuyson " ' ' is Ihis of , Tlie ' York. corporation object was crushed to death. The New Hampshire bill. of the bo the to .improvement stated, one is now in prison awaiting his trial. 'e President Colfax has delivered moral and social, mental, Such reports urc almost of daily occurrence, several speeches lately ' to show how ; inno- temperance, iSTew fifth The York. in condition frorii large cities and country places; and cent ho was of the charges made against him rplifrious their ladies to' o' forbids these manage &hbw.ihat:.4Vitlijall business; articl i I t TliJ trityATd lo thff li. 1, I in" science a nd education, crime keeps pace a convincing very ha haR succeeded u,ri and nrv committee, named in the charter, i with the Insisted advance of the age, if it Large number of people that he was guilty section same .The men. of ten the as charged; while his menas, cmig au me composed the associated young ladies from does not lead it. whoWere are so anxious to conprohibits I philanthropists t'loser tri him. ; J Vrverse numan naiurei or induteinV in Wine, whisky, ale lager vert the iKropIe of Utah to a belief in the i!1 and rooms interest' in of the An ()BJi-ictbeer, and from gambling of ; vice, corruption, outrage1 and necessity than , one ,worthy (?) Utali qftice, provision on the premises of the association." bloodshed, to exert their influence toward '' w,i UirAonf to determined -leen with has was lUokpr inaugurated .. President Grant lUUt crime nearer home" they might com- repressing all b6 should the offices 4th on supplied the ere the festivities inst., bonie, be of some service to society. And if they great : to and refused ad iourn should ought they mittee on inauguration" having nr r.nh press' wish us to jiattcrn after the society in which ' have satisfied For ? certain from tliif n now to be they parties they are shining examples, It would be well accede to, the petition themof urging, that a to present us With a pattern for which they in ,tlie State. of.New.-Yorknearly all succeeded in making : ;' this, aiid hotliing inprejV gmpd inauguration prayerraeeting be held would not have justlcause to hide their n r r i t k 2 fi 1 i o f rJ'e 1 ) rua ry a "Co nv e n t io n instead of a ball. The idea of commingling faces in burning shame. But : while not f a 'was held r in NewV.York for Jhe purpose of prayeTddaicin'is-H'identli- '1 familiar" one with the petitioners, any more desires are so rampant, we beg to be persecuring a Constitutional amenumeui, that than?' with the inauguration connnittee. mitted to work out our own social problem acknowledging the'existeneo of God Incuum When one reads the account of the festivi- in peace, and see if we cannot produce ar instrument,, Xo better amenameup, and Vthe, display of better condition 'of fiociety 1)0 made than flie adqpting.f theoriginal ties, the magnificence 'VWncfitiifinn- nf the United States, '.which wealth, the mind naturally wanders back to J. . ; anywhere else. and the of 'has been .utterly, disregarded ,y, nianjror the days' republican simplicity, r :. r : thought ; comes t questioning .where 1 Buch the .descendants or uh iniuit Britain will send an artisan comwhether Great and has ingone, in Congreis, pn Jx x.Jato discussion mission of eighty members to Vienna are not more fitting for an General I the splendors, members, of the pay creasing the 'Prof. Tyndall will give alt the money he of :court for "a government than .increased Ranks said, arguing in; ftvort of for' the. people, V makes in ;this country to some scientific and the people, by people, of increased living, price '. , pay because of the institution. to him which ours is supposed to be," , f i , : ; -- Moniesjr be-caut- 3Iormon,l-Eldersrand-editors.-wTnorW- ious i OrK , : -- . ; f o w s, f ? --- , r The r . ; . . ; - : . v-- , ; Vv-Vk- , 1redit-3fobil- ier 2. 21-- . v - v vm- self-proclaim- ed , t O.-v.- 1 r .- - 1 , i elves-'simp- ly " 1 : . ; ; ; - t tluin-.Iso;die-foun- - . : , (hat-simplicit- : ; , , " Jm-peri- at f : ; that it wasEdwartiEvercttsalvica - J" ! 