181 WOMAN'S, EXPONENT. millions of women dependent on their own exertions. They have hio husbands, or perhaps-worsthan none men who degrade their Tnaphood, cease :to, bef beings" whonCwoman can love or respect: ami instead of bcinir womaiir ; xwtectors, !guitlofr- and; supporters. become burthens upon the weaker sex and a these disgrace to .humanity. ,, Eyen ithreo millions, had yorlc, and suppose all the women hi ; this and every . other country who .are dependent ujon their own exertions were -- also, supplied with work and the means' to ive,: how are the holy upwellings of woman's wifely and motherly, nature to be met, by any recognized means palatable to the world of Christendom ? We put the query i n al 1 si as forming a part of a whole as known as the Woman .Question;" and add, : after yea rs ef acqualntancewi thTthasy stein-- supr. n-cer- ity, ; 44 A lady who has been in attendance: at the Northern cars have been running. Any lady Third District Court hehl in this city, for some Who has a proper idea of taking care of herself, medical may feel perfectly at home and at ease while Weeks past, pronounces, it a "first-rat- e on either the Utah bouthern, scliooTTVtnedical case has been on trial. rt traveling Utah Central or Utah Northern railway. WE n k jequgdJoy-thaiUh- e il bj-.ra- , the, President of the First Wartl Relief Society of THE SEX. Spanish Fork, is Catharine A. Wilklns, instead of Williams as it appears in a report of our last ' Mr. Merriman Lovson. in addition to ''" I;. t '"."'"; issue. is a A conductor on one of the street cars in this her 75,000 . and . accomplishments, and notorious in the painter ana sculptor. city made himself notable O ueen Isabella wcicrhs about two hun- estimation of some ' ladies, a short timejsince, " : , drettpounds, indls thajolllcst old who ever saved her head. A Young Irish girl in Jacksonville, 111. , has refused $100 lor her hair. It reaches the floor when she stands erect. Mrs. Anna A Pomeroy, former wifo of "Brick" Poineroyof La Crosse, has married ex-Que- en byevWelYkickhig who, he said,;was trying to steal a ride. The ladies ask if a man should reprove a child for a wroiig action by himself committing one of greater magnitude"1 Parents wiroare desirousof seeing-the- ir children grow in wisdom and grace as theyjid- 11 vanee in years, cannot be too particular Miss Julia A Seeley, daughter of the old rthariheine will be found inore in her remark relation to the associations which they reganlihg it, thus apparently dropped at ran- keep, and the influences under which theyjre postmaster, has been nominated by the President for postmaster, at Great Barrihg-toUtah is y dom, than iKletyoutside of been has '.'be as to liable repeatedly ' :::r, .iiiL willing to recognize. evinced of late, by shameful proceedings which sjilfeiJsjwortJiJ: feaWtJcciiTr IsTCsidinat Ocrman fowii; near PhiladeliMrROVEMENTS in various fbrms7re ;beimj phia and is said to be in rapidly declining; or.tms DAILY BATHLNG. city, health.::2.L: rapidly carried on in mfferent parts which, from preselatM Qtway,? widow of the late colonel of Lady the WMl1 inanypntelligentrmenr-amon- g r extensively lighted bygasr Gardening4 the to Latter-da- y has seems of out doors, pre- ceneral trimming up. of things Saints, the thought died recently, was a lineal descendant of Lake and tea Salt and and coffee, vail that if the drinking of 7 been going on for some time, fMward III. or tue rest dispensed Cityseenis to be prepared, with tlie Itheextjaragant use belief witbthcWord ofiWisdom: Isifaithfujly kept world, to welcome once more the, fresh, sweet wife, but .you .'will be fiir more apt to; find in every particular. .1 ..",' i face of May. the virtues of a perfect woman in retiring will who to all admonitions the Yet, it is plainly apparent Notwithstanding modesty. these before to horses take time reflect upon the subject j that secure their to teamsters to giveii of a Kentucky wedding ''The , Report that little matters, though it is very essential leaving them standiug in the streets, daily bride wasn't remarkably handsome, but her a tiiey be carefully observed, constitute but papers are continually chronicling accidents father threw, in seven mules, and .the hussniairrtidn of what occasioned by teams. .being leit caieicssij , band was satisfied." y y , which, wortls of wisdom; living acconling to which, tnkimr friirht and running away; Xcw in Hampshire Many Void women cannot fail to produce longevity, health, and though not generally of a serious nature, should wear strings of beans around their necks o be sufficient warning to prevent so mucn neeti-4h- to keep off the rheumatism, and the charm consequent happiness and uselulness. nf fhnso havinsr them in is said to work splendidly. Not tile least or the last coideration which should be entertained, pertaijis to timely and rhartre. Warren, of Madison, Wisconsin, Mary it Even here, in our once quiet Utah, has eight fingers on each hand. May the proper bathing. If mothers wish their children th -- to:: to be healthy, active pd intellectual, this du is -- difficult nowa-day- s : Lord pity her : husband when she has one, this of must not be lieglectetl, leither for themselves rofnift from the ntlemaE A" lady when she begins to gridiron his face7 ": z of or their little . bnes It is often the case that city rode in the cars to Ogdcu, a short The ocean cable announces the death of women feel they, have not tnie to; take the time since, opposite a respectable appearing Countess Guiccioli, an Italian woman world-wid- e notoriety as the mistress of moniiug bathj So riccessary toproduce for them j,i!h,ni not havimr the .slightest suspicion The next Byron. She died at Borne. lively, energetic thoughts and feelings, and so that he was other than he seemed. same Miss Emily L. Wyman has returned from generative of clear judgment, jupon which all .Uxr hmvpvpr. while returning home, the of man was scatetl lirectly in front her, being her Art pilgrimage in Europe bringing, Jhe systematic arrangements of the household au omcer oy among her treasures, exquisite copies of adbrought to the city in charge of depend. But they will find it so great an habit, that,very whom he had been arrestetion Qgdeuas a go several of Turner?s-vantage, iOheyJwt adoptlhe is gained ernment defaulter from Idaho. &xm it t will be realized that-tim- e by rheyselfT : : Sruk ''AiiV C. Clvmer. the favorite niece rather than lost by the operation. t,AW hoinf iiiWt! into a fi stIi t.' by t the Carey sisters, Another hindrance with many, is, that small those who consider themselves men; and big and .'principal, legatee She houses and large families are apt to afford no boys running over little ones with wheelbar- died recently at Jacksoiiville, Horida. members or' suitable place for bathing; and although this rows, and rolling them into ditches, for the fun was one of ; the last Surviving i'l. cannot always be avoided, it- should not alto- of hearing them cry, and seeing them scramble the Cimiiy. she are not sudi A La Crosse, AVis., girl lias heeu turned gether prohibit any woman, especially if oat; and other similar practices, her put of house and; honio fot rubbingbeard be delicate in health, from herister's iliusband's "'"A screen may about morality or feood : behavior, cheeks against "srngmgW anything to get up a healthful glow be prepared in one corner of any room, for the either in children or adults, as they seem to be when she wished " . - . : benefits to be who now for a ball. the : with and persons compared the of rude, purpose; in From for some a be will' nothing. trouble of the community, in dif- . A woman in destitute circumstances the derived, constitute portion Indiana, cutoff her- - hair, the other day,, the effects of this treatment, very! delicate ferent parts of the Territory. who gave charitable women have become comparatively robust and " The iant terrible calamities occurring from and. sold it nJo a cents for lady, to it seventy-sevebuy food her by occasioned frequently X healthy. railroad accidents, " v ; , for her children. . L comesfrom news allpjir recklessnesof which, : of L tah - The lady teachers of the Detroit public HOME AFFAIRS. the make people should of the country, written and judicious man- schools have issued an admirably careful the of of that city, askto the address railroads A Special Conference will convene in the appreciative the of ner in which the management salaries, which New Tabernacle, in this city,' on Saturday 3rd on by the gentle- ing for an increase of their carried is them to belonging are now shamefully inadequate. inst Superintendent, and obliging Miss polite from manly, Art. Schools of the National AcadJin: Another intekestixci letter:the these roads. Although of Condutors and to sex or present Agents to be met emy admit pupils without regard Eliza B. Snow will be found in now are inconveniences to aU -access few some student every color, granting number of the ExroNENT. thecar, in omgfromthiseity toLoganin excellence of these ' with The its closes o its advantages. of the Exponent Tiik next issue order. these are, comparatively, v'ht,tak-In-inteven an early 1. tah schools is of a very high we request the again first year. Need time short consideration the f ho rfoml VOllime? Tiil : now-a-days.- in JamesItcf n. ,to-da- ;J; : " SuIwidowS . a-iid;-a Eighty-fourtiiTBriti- ZJl- - sh ;rvrp: IaIbriant -- . all ' ' S f ' " , tinsh m .r 1 " vy jit -- ill-br- . ; . ; ed - -- ; - ; : : .. ... tax-paye- rs -- . fr - -;'' 