' 132" v;;;VtS:;:'"-:":-,'"'V.:- WOMAN'S ' : : ' 1. l"air is reported to e before the telegraphing are too high, and that if the theory, the Republicans in States where they Govern-tim- e court this were again, bringing suit English papers congratulate New York on the final condemnation of Stokes, j... King Victor Emanual has had a severe attack of rheumatic fever.... ..NHsson will return to America this year The Grand Duke Alexis will uikeaturnin Siberia..,,,,,.. New York has one hundred lady physicians, San Francisco - V 26,976 deaths and in 1872, 02,6'17 deaths...... they desire, therefore those ladies should be if It is urged that the present prices paid for deprived of the right to vote I On the same SPLINTERS. Laiirii EXlONkN?. .Ifaytte licensed saloons fever and eighty-tw- o Foreign Ministers at Hong Kong, report says, are no longer required to kneel and bow their heads to the floor on entering the presence of his "Celestial" Highness. .Con- cord, New Hampshire, and Springfield, 111 haddestructive jfirest j Juris, recently.... .Kentucky has filled two asy- I- lines under control of the merit the rates would be lowered...... Mark Twain's "New Cock Robin," published in the Hartford r "livening Tost,'' furnishes five editors for the New York ''Tribune" -- himself includedand all these failiug, mTers George :Francis Train as apositive success...... The oldest governor in the United States 4s General JDix..The Eatri-- . arch J of Jerusalem, recently died in that city. .....Miss Susan M. Johnson lecturesiu St. Louis on the Gospel of Spiritualism..!... White furs are used in Paris for trimming evening dresses. . . . . .Spurgeon, whose life was lately despaired of, has entirely re- gained his health.. .'Fred .Douglas is going A centleman remarks that the to'Europe . are in a minority, should callupon Congress to pass an act disfranchising Democrats" and all others that refused to vote the Republican ticket; and Democrats in such States as Maine, Vermont, Massachusetts and Iowa should demand that, their more numerous opponents of the Ilepubl ican iai thiouldJjedeprlvcd of the right of suflrage for refusing to vote for the Democratic candidates. The statement that the women of Utah and tornion" women are coparticularly tne erced, terrorized or in any manner compelled to vote contrary to their inclination or conviction, is a gross calumny; and as a woman speaking for the women of the Territory, we so denounce it.. Possibly there may be here and there a !lumrand:OTntranotherrT poorTiri Ueswcalurct ik'eHKI ich iga iv h us - have had but little sleighing, though there of mud, was a purple silk velvet morn ing band whose wife said when a candidate came ilressAvMeh swept the streets, worn by the around tOfcanvas his vote; No,s!r! I wouldn't Jias.bee4ieGr)ide so far this season...... A new system of send- - wife of a man who works for his daily iuglelegTiinislii oppositenElirections oiiTthe ages. let my husband vote for you on any consider ation! You clear out oMrerextid-i- f he votes r wt rfir cimiillnnnniiw'lir its f i without iiiy permission, let him for AVestern Union lines QjlAlN b IjArOlNENT. look-o-anybody Vallcjo, California, 1 llL ut We say iossibIy 1 lere ; that's alii" claims possession of tha embalmed body of may be found in Utah, as in every community, an emperor XOUISEXTGRtXJTE, EIl6r7 one or two such creatures; but the ladies of years ago... ...A lady's hat with all its trim m bait Lake City, Utah. Jenns: Utah, as a class, exercise the suffrage oil their a. band box WHS lately Sent from I'bled mings and 1. One copy one year, 62; one copy, sue months, $1. Ten copies f. postage, for the prlco of nine Advertising rates: Each square, eight own honest convictions, vote for the candidates California to Maine, for eleven cents uneu nonpareil space, one umo, 5; per montn, whom they favor, and do so intelligently, with ..... .1 unn, J.UUJ , lias proUUCea a fhirtv-thrf- o General Agent, East Temple etrcet, Campbell & Patterson, as sound reasons for their action, and with as ton cannon...... Yale colleire students have Salt Lake City. lAddresiAll buiinesa communications to high an appreciation of the ballotras can Publishers Woman's Ex Fo.xKXT, - Salt Lake City, Utah. inonthsmr iictures bnthemselves.v.iA by the male voters.of any part of this Republic. Iiymenial jniper, called the "Matrimonial News" was started in Chicago lorf the first of SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY ;)1, 187- 3,A STEP TOWARDS REFORM; January...... The "Rethel Fair," lately held SUFFRAGE IN THE TERRITORIES. in Cincinnati, forchari table purposes, realized Memmay say thatvomen have r less charity ?2i74GoTJjnT.77,ThW mous emigration to this -- country early in .liy tnc acts oi congress creating the .several for the "fallen" of their own sex, than for the the spring.,... Ross has com- - Territorial governments, which are in reality corrupt and licentious among men. Admitting menced the publittitipn of a small evening the Constitutions provided for. those Terri- - this to be too true, as evinced in practice if tories, the several legislatures can exercise not in sentiment, are not men the graver transpajer 22G,G80 acres of swamp land last year......... their lowers "upon alf rightful gressors even here? More than one gentleman Prince Charles of 'Prussia, has been ap- - subjects of legislation." This elearlv irives has, in our presence, iftely drawn attention to innnted to the honorary command of a them the authority to regulate the question of the shameful fact that the meanest libertine among men, so they have wealth, liave also in- are unuer way in uaicutta prescribe the unifications of voters. They flue nee, and are not only admitted to the best oirecruinvays .......Ic-icle-s Jbrty .feet long inihcatehe havetIie to say that it is not necessary circles in society, but are looked up to, fawned weather in Hartford, Connecticut...... Two Wnn rigilt ,.V i iqton a ikI their conipauy sought for by ladies, lashes a iound is the mte paid the requisite quaihcations, and that a woman as well as gentlemen, of the best society. for stnlnn tnrW: (ieomians , ,J . , UH.V I, . . 3 a au casu io iuan ballot While a woman who has IUmI the paths of p burned-ubeen equainguyMia have Georgia any elective oflicer. And it is a question virtue, no matter what tlie fatal cause may within the last tour months..;... During a aiid innocent recent Jiurricane. Waves fortv feet hiirh with the best jurists of the country whether have been or how she o wasknown t be dashpyefelhiquays safeNapleBTrnTOr thoseSllw-powerther Territorial Constitutions, by repealing reputation," is shunned and looked down number of Italians rendered homeless bv the late floods vill exceed 80,000 ...v.'.The the acts, after haying once granted them, unless ujon by ladies in position, in many instances gold mines of Peru are more comepletety to admit the Territory , as a Sovereign State. the very ones who smile upon and flatter and exnausied than those of California. .....The Certainly Congress cannot, by any legitimate admire those who compassed her iUin. But chances are that 1816, the coldest year ever exercise of its power, prohibit the exercise of who first bring these popular scoundrels into known in the Eastern States, will yet find the authority conferred in an OrganiG act upon the presence of ladies in good society? Is it not its match in 1873 , According to accounts, a Territorial legislature, without repealing that often the husband, father or brother ho intro New York had, on an average last year, two Organic duces sucha Creature of humanity to the family fatal accidentia day and three suicides and Two Territories have granted the ' rfcht of circle, and as a friend of such, are not the one murder weekly...... A man accused of suflrageto women Wyoming and Utah. The members of the family bound to receive him bigamy declared he could see no fault in legislature of the latter Territory at its last with courtesy? If the father invites him to having an appetite for spare ribs..... :A dissi session, passed a bill repealing the woman dinner should not the accept his inpated youth m Virginia was shot by Mrs. suflrage act, but Governor Campbell vetoed it, vitation to attend thedaughter lecture? And if the Price while in the act of eloping with her and women continue to sufthe of brother considers him a worthy; companion to enjoy right daughter.... ..Two old misers In Jacksonville, frage there. No proposition teeu has walk made and ride with, could the sister, in common yet Illinois, froze to death, lately, with an in the Utah to the woman legislature repeal civility refuse to dance with him? Yet men in abundance of fuel in the house . .....Fail ures act of this but a suflrage Territory, proposition good standing in society .who have any regard of large houses tn London are rappidly suchas been made several the for their name, would not be seen in company times, by ceeding each other; that of Anselmo, press and speakers, to ask Congress to pass with a "fallen" woman, or allow their wives or Yivauto & C., merchants, faUed lately, liabilities $3,o00,000....Newburi'port has a an act prohibiting woman suflrage in Utah; daughters to associate wi t h her. school-hous- e which is said to 1x3 haunted by aud this, dimply because the Mormou'i - A good story comes to us through private the ghost fa beautiful little boy, with pale women have voted as their intelligence, pro- sour'cs, from one of the Eastern cities, in face, mild blue eyes and flaxen hair... ...The cuvuies, or uesires iictaten. Tins is a novel referencc'to the and of Empress Eugenie will issue a proclamation illustration of the "liberalism1? so loudly men on these injusticewhich inconsistency we give, as .it points; to the people of. France, that she assumes vaunted beby g reaches us, while speakers; that names: the regency during the minority of her son cause a majority of the ladies o of this Territory, - A gentleman", half merchant and During the year of 1871, New York had who are American citizens, will not vote as half farmer, witlr a family of five, including 41-- 1 semi-monthl- y, ATOifWfi?riif i., Ex-Senat- or . in.Ijawrence,-:Kari!i.r.'.-r.Iova':sold- law-maki- ng ; : lvL.bd . gin-hous- . . A es -- pure-mind- ed tak-awayuiy- Hof : anti-3Ior-m- anti-Morm- on " on with-holtlin- well-to-d- 