OM A N'H V Vol tbo' j L'xi-imv- f. HOMK INFLCKNCKS. KXl'ONKM IV THE SEX. dignity and ardor of the other, while both are strengthened, and rendered more endur- i ng y such generous reciprocity. ; Mils. Jf A. punniway has announced that she is candidate for the office of Miy or in ; x Portland, Oregon. A Chinese maiden, of delicate 1 L. L. "As Mother tlid" 'Hov Mother felt are and acted." "What mother taught -the hinges u mm which the world turns. How carefully then, .should "Mother" guard herself against the temptations which lie in .her way, to anger; jealousy, impatience and irritability of every kind! It will not answer for her to Je, "cross," no matter what the occasion may her- She must wearvthe smile of love and hopefulness;- - hers . must" be words of cheerful trust and consolation under the most trying circumstances; lest and dissatisfaction be engendered in the minds of her offspring. She must o never allow the least envious or willful have place in her heart, much less, find - fret-fulne- ss . feel-ingt- Her thoughts must be all of the highest and noblest nature, or else she may give to the world sons and dau ghters possessed of selfish and un go yen r- 1 4 - utterancethrough her lips.. . able dispositions. If then, ; .so muelrdepends on ''Mother' to perform"' if r Belongs sor important a pa rt i ri Triak i ng; of th e ha raeters o f m en 'and women theLGreat Creator's mightiest work how favorable should be her opportunities for overcoming and; disciplining her own peculiar inclinations, in order that sh e may the more completely and discreetly help to characterize the dispositions and talents of ir- " ;fe it"- ? to-he- - the coming generation J "It is befitting her o Jotrive,nergeti(n3nd-cntinubuslyri- school and master herself in all respects, wisely a nd thoroughly ; and i rid ol ng so, sh e should not lack encouragement and assistance from those around her. 5 Let her not feel that she only must immolate within herself those natural vanities and discordant flashes of temper which human flesh is heir to; but it is, if possible, of help her to greater moment; that, she be circumspect in her ways, than that others should, since her influence upon the future world is more than that of any other can be. And let her know, she does- not labor and trust alone; but that others are willing and anxious to help her in every consistent way, to become what she,' desires to be, prompted by the worthiest ambition, and that which she should ibe for the, sake of the inevitable see-tha- t . OK A CO-OPEUATI- WIFE. pori this subjecti some author, Unknown to us, has thus beautifully written :' "No man ever prospered in the world Wjithouf the of the wife. If she unites in mutual endeavors, or rewards his labors with an endearing smile, with what confidence iVillvh'eiortto;liis merchand isod UU fairm, fly over lands, sail upon seas, meet difficulty and encounter danger, if he knows that he isVnot' spending his strength in vain, but that his labor will be rewarded ; by the sweets of home! Solicitude and disappointment enter the history of every man's "life"," and haCblltalf who finds but an for his months of darkness and distress hojsympathising partner is prepared."- - '" il Its;iyorthycof note that all or nearly all great and distinguished men have ri beetr the husbands of remarkably gentle and b ighly i ntell ectuaL wives. The - folio win g story of Mrs de Jfayette is illustrative of : """;;;; this fact: at liberty in 1795, Mrs. "Having been set r f t e La e sen f he de fay r you ri g son George to Mount '.Vernon, to General Washington, who received him as his own son, and she herself went to Germany to share her husband's After many difficulties, she captivity. arrived in Vienna; under the name of Mrs. "Motier," an American lady. (Lafayette indeed called himself "Motier," and he had been admitted an American citizen.)- This courageous lady, having obtained private audience of the Austrian Emperor, was allowed to be shut up in the same dungeon with her husband. Though in feeble health, she remained there till the clay when Her Lafayette's chains were broken. was for balm a the prisoner's presence showed and him wounds, that, in the most cruel moriients,"the good man can yet taste pure enjoyment. "Mrs.1 de Lafayette Was sincerely pious. She fulfilled all her duties without ostentation, and shed a sweet charm in her domestic circle. .But let us hear Lafayette himself in the touching letter which he. wrote to one of his friends after the death of his wife: ''During the thirty-fou- r years of a union in self-cultu- ; re asia-'for-happiourf-whil- few driys since. . ; - . tu; Omahaigirl was getting flowers rr!Wfp in' a vihclowt' every nibrnlrig yoirV may be almostsure thaj, within the house there is a 'i woman of taste and gtxxlness. Ir is said that Mdlle Cora Pearl, who Was late Govern nient, sentiut'-pf-'Fmiicie'ijyth- e t iy ike ri wo Tiiecoinchlerice has scvt j has been al Iq w eLt( retu poleori at-wo- -- 1 i Na SVvivvlarere ftius coutiuuRihnshionr . . ; Ax old lady in Indiana was buried the other day in the suit of clothes in which she was married sevftiity-tlfre- e years ago. It wwof lineir throughout; and iiiadc of flax wove with her own she raised, spun, and ' ... hands. - ; : A , in consoling his daughter who father, lost her h u sland sa id: don' t wond er had "I , You will for child. him, my you grieve never find his equal." 4I don't know as I can," responded the sobbing widow, "but Til flv iyt hoaf The father went home comforted. llev. DrGooflspeed, of Chicago, .said, in the course of a Sunday's sermon, "The devil understood what was necessary to blast Uden, when he led the woman to he false to God, to herself, to her husband. A bad woman, an untrue woman, is the prime corrupter of society, arid the destroyer of its peace." " TirEworiien of llochester "wiio ad vocal e Woman Suffrage have hel(l u meeting, or ganized a "woman's taxpayers' association," and adopted a constitution which says their object is "to protest against taxation without of representation and to test the validity ' laws governing women without their con" sent." 'r : ';' ;: ; When her Majesty, Queen Victoria, was taken to task by a Itight Reverend, yeaj-s ago, -- for having C'hamiing's wrorks on her table, and Her Majesty asked "why not?" the eclesiastic unsuspectingly replied that they contained very objectionable passages. "Ah!" retorted the gracious Sovereign, "I perceive you are before me in having read them:" "'-- .: . ';.. women whb love sclitude and in it, who realize the idea that they seek no joy but that whiclv (lows from the Very few depth of their own inner being. infinite what advantages people understand a for woman. If in exist solitude, especially she be married and have children, iier family circle is her solitude; if the contrary bo the case, her solitude is absolute, one "in which she can actually live alone," . tiiehi: are -- the gossips" again. rk They are of all patterns and prices. Cheap ones are most in favor. The ladies arguing that the rapid changes, in. fashion justify them in being economical. Til k New I la m)shtre women, headed by Sarah Foster, of Carterbury, have sent a petition to the. Leglslature asking that the property of women may be exempted from taxation. No vofo, no tax, 'is their motto. - . ,u married, one of her jilted lovers sneaked into a hick room and smashed up the. hand- ' some bridal presents. r p :; - : While a pretty e - 7'at auction In"Idaho a ; t ; propor-iions7throiight75:75- co-operati- on results which must follow her and self control. Let "Mother" do her 4 part, buF not the whatJtiould: wJiidrHULehdera lwhple;Ynr making home-lif- e Ikv If she must so carefully guard the feelings loftiness, delicacy, generosity of "her soul of all, let; her feelings bo equally respected charmed, embehshed, dignified my life, I by all. If she is expected to 'bestow the became soiiceustonled to all that she was to priceless gift of pure and earnest affection me, as not to distinguish her existance never jDercelved in her the Tin richer abundance than any, other, let her from my own. receive the more from others that' her store slightest shade of exaction, of discontent, mav be constantly replenished. If she be anything-- which did not leave the freest requ i red to exh ibi t patience and fort itud e scope to all my undertakings; and if I go more than the rest, let each one endeavor to back to the time of our youth, I find iif her give her as little cause for ; vexation; and to traits of a delicacy and generosity without make her burdens as light a.1?. possible. example. . You have always seen her associ the: "dearest, atedheart and soul in my sentiments, Home .should be, indeed, : sweetest spot on earth!" And nothing con my political wishes, rejoicing in all that tributes so much towards rendering it such, could increase my reputation, rejoicing or the itrary, as the course pursued and especially when she saw me . sacrificing opYet portunities of renown for a good principle. . the influence exercised by the mother. Shall I tell you of the pleasure conthat course, and influence depend, iii their nature, very much upon the aims and ways stantly, recurring which my entire confiof others. Some women may possess suff- dence in her afforded me, a confidence icient strengthjof character to take the lead never exacted, justifiel by her well-trie- d and make home happy regardless of the discretion; and by her admirable knowledge immunity indulged in by thoughtless, in- of all the sentiments, wants, jind wishes of different or willfully neglectful husbands my heart? . and fathers. But even this can never be Ute Inpians have, in some instanced, so pleasant, as is the home, where love is - mutual, and each one trys to be agreeable became office seekers, and are gaining popu and obliging; where the purity and gentle- larity by stealing horses. They have been ness of one. softens and tones down the taking lessons at Washington. ! 5 - 