. Vol. ; ;..; - - ; "I'oMtiOAb H meetings, held in different Stales r the Union, indicate that the wars "oT the politicians are not yet at an end. A sai si ory is told of a fire which de- stroyed the "Widows' and Orphans' Home" :'Sn Jvin City, iSfissouri, a short time sinee? :r ft'ndenng its inmates houseless. is becoming about as common J as Shooting d i vorees were a .short time ago. ..What W4l 1 -- :' ;r' : ',l J fSsh i" nahl ehwa - r SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, 2. Editorial notes. - : -- September " '.; ' : ' - t 1, 1873. in tlfe United states, of .which portions are under the editorial control of ladies. Th i s is as it should be. But when' women thus favored, make mention ofthose naughty men,", they should never' forget to make exceptions; keeping in mind that the men are not fall" selfish braggarts. :They call mrffair play,'--theshould, then, bo eare-fnot to manifest a disposition to take more than their own just rights. v r PAitxv FEELixa among' politicians is presenting ratlier forelx)ding aspects in different y v -r ul It is scarcely realized by most readers how the slightest omiss-opr misapplica- tion of a point in punctuation, a word or.' letter may compietely change the meaning of a sentence. Or what great care must necessarily beta prepare copy for the press, and also by the compositor, not to mislead their readers. An instance occurred In one of our editorial notes, in the last sisue of the Exponent, of-- a quotation- in which, by mark, we made it appear that "G raae the-omiss- ion Green-woodisalmotaliev- fse ttl ingiciOTU ntst: lolitlesheibenu ei? tin-hMorm- on licans and all kindsof office -- seekers .in system of inarriage," which, we think is OCEKS Victoria isa" "li.bpiafennot the case, though she is really a sensible 11 the' Statesrershaking-fisfsHm- d nearly 11 t i ve ha isli ics. Tories the woman iii most respects. appears, poI Engl at each other. . Tf at ; zet making grimaces Bickering but lately discovered: why the belie and "The JBalance" says, "TJie Salt Iake to will continue grow worse l)ackbiting should have been entertained tliaU she was and worse, apparently, until a Wasingfohy Exponent doesn' t tell us any th i ng about ever ivriy thing elseris not made manifest. or some- kind of a washing machine can the divorce suit of Mrs. Brigham Young No. yay of explan Magoi i; ELi'ir irk, t he Greenwich heroin e, Le obtained, of sufficient force to cleanse tfjii L t ing omission, tve leg to inform our Chica go Jl las been preseh ted wi h an elegan gold the ccu ntry of some of its corruption ' watch and ;hainr by the father of the hoy friend that j)ur eolum fearfuli'ailroad disasters offthemost So much with other matters whicli were of greater she lately saved from , drowning t on occurred the recorded, ye recently weight in 7ur est imation; Wo believed, rioreyr bei n g a s w i m ni era nd cool Jusitl ed. Chicago and Alton railroad, from the collid- at suit, it would all "iTsirlTTTTTfpoTiha. leeirelected as a ing of a freight train and a passenger train. endtheinbeginning of said considered that and "nothing," missionary to China, 7; froml; Caters ville, Many souls were Jnstanttly hurried into a as young as ours is, and as popular Georgia. Doubtless the selection wasa very eterni t y, and many others d ied subsequently asjournal becoming, should yet continue to appropriate one, and Miss Moon will do from injuries received as recorded, not treatIt is its readers to "something." Wey great good among the "children of the less than one hundred in all! jAnd' this take pleasure in referring "The .... Sun.". :AV;:; time, the recklessness of the conductor of however, to Balance The advocates of "wo man suffrage" in the freight train, whose name is Bean,' is so or Salt Lakethe 'Deseret Even Ing Ne ws,'of "Daily Herald," papers England, as well as in this' country, still strikingly apparent that officers are In search standing and greater experience persevere in their, efforts to obtain? for for hini, and ie will likely be brought to longer than the Exponent, for information conwomen their just "privileged and t rights. justice i"- -' ;')";. '':r :';'. cerning the Ann Eliza Webb Young divorce We hope, ere many years, to see the subject most one of had the Piociie terrifiic Has suit if it is really wanted. We venture to of --"Woman's rights" generally understood storms we have seen recorded. In suggest, too, that "The Balance" should far more correctly and fully than it is at the ten minutes from lately the time the storm com- - learn the truth before publishing news conr- presentitimej meiieedra d ispatch states, that ''a sheet of cerning matters of importance, as the declares members A Senator elect, that water three feet deep was tailing and cut statement which it has is entirely x in families . lit Congress willhave Washing-- ting through the entire width and length of incorrect: "Brigham claims that she has a ton, and it is better that they have their own. Main street, sweeping everything in its living husband from whom she is not That will do, provided the people are' not path." And the rain continued pouering divorced this was no objection to her taxed for the support of those families; Mid incessantly for two hourst' Some of the while she was 7content to remain an inteif Congressmen have become so attached sins of the Piochers ought to be washed grant Mrs. Youn&." : to their home circles that their hearts away, certainly, quite an amount of their cannot bear separation for a few months.- ; property went at any rate. Gkand Rapids, Mich., has a woman ' -; San of Francisco .;.;. The faiu taxpayers Santa Clara County, Califor Mayfieli), have determined on having: fair play in nia, lias an ambitious man; Mr. William : met, and f'rcsolved" Paul, ;wha is likely to do good service to the TllEii LATEST CASE OF MONM AN I A. A that until they are represented in the legis-- l country, and also enrich himself by engag very "fast" young gentleman, who fancied itive assemblies of the nation tliey .will ing rather extensively in the silk jnanufac-turin- g himself a pendulum, and always went upon business. pay no; more taxes. Why"- should, they? He Jias now, a great "tick," went on so long that he never dism a to have voice They making nny nuinber of mulberry trees four years old, covered his delusion until he found a turn--: right law wliich they are expected to respect and ind Jw-iltely erected a hirga cocoonery in key," by whom he ,was carefully vou nd to whicli. a help support iMirty of experieneed-isUk- r Paper growers up intheQucen,Bench.--"Englis- h will A ule tlam.irre Miss Xellv de Jl considemble amount be.employed. Treby, a young French: lady who during the war, of means might bo profihibly invested by a A M is a pritEiiENsroN. "Are you fond of few Utah a of Prussian a in knife breast into the capitalists "plunged tlo production of novels, Mr. Jones?" "very," responded the and thus furnish ventured in her father's silk, .house,suitable who, oliicer, employment interrogated gentleman, who wished to bo a to goodly number of Jemales,' fut his arm around her waist has lately the lady questioner a lover of. by thought l iken - the-;- wil. the "bridal The Pkince of Viitca has Ilad it been "Have you,? continued the occasion to lie literature. veil" there would li ive been inore cheeri-ries- s prouder than e;cr of lady, "ever read "Ten Thousand title, since in t he thought t ha'i t lip w is in the never read so aYear?" "NoribadameI thergreat at the of ; her lie! ng"a "nui TrTHjT k Chnstal ; sweetest; if not; the many novels in all my me." The fiiis r instance, so U aid, in wliich a n0- - i?l Idacethej . yrious aud faiiious victory which has white i to NEEENTiCE law, to suiuT death lor killing an fudiaii, JlLy, a trhd 'of musical abilities was sliilor lately gave evidence before a court of has ik'i'iinvd in Idaho. The criminal, James nade atgrand the aiK)vc named ialace in London, law at Boston in case of assault. He stated Picket, about a year ago, killed an Jndlai by English and Welsh singers, the latter that " Jack", (the" traverser) had powerfully worn in alino4 instantly with - a min; to the former, and enticed Sain (the complaiimnt). . Jack's 'superior greatly proving and convicted was pick-lie tried, sen. carrying off the 1,000, which Was the prize counsel asked him to explain what he meant fenced to death by the civil court Idaho. offerred to the winners. ,; .Marked ajtevition by the word entice. " AVhj sir, T mean I The A turney (leneral refiisks to Y(H'ommend and honors were afterwards' bestowetl a big handspike, and drove took Jack this upon that he be jurdone'd tv ,t :i 11 them by the Prince himself and his. royal it plump in Sam's back. That's what I calls : ; ': : Sevehak NEWsiAi'Ei:s.lro )10 published consort. :' enticing." J - ---One . T : 7 . ... . fol-lowi- ng - ' -, tutiirtL:-Theyh:iv- . e: - , -- ; -- , in-nui.-it- , eoii-templati- ou :tr-amph- I7 I ..Jii-i- -- I . ; : :of the-chori- sts ive IB - 