IB 4 Ill fi ff?f iff flT II '.V t I 1 Ay fry Ky I i Vol. SALTLLAKE CITY, UTAH, NovexIHEB 2. little boy living, some where in New York, who went to Sabbath School in the morning and recited two hundred verses from the for. . Accounts of tho bankruptcy of men of Testament; andjiithe afternoon caught fish more tunes are becoming more and frequent enough to stock a river. If that boy lives, In the news columns of the daily papers. he will, without doubt become jninister, ji Kate Stoddard hast been indicted for or an officer of public trust some day the murder of Goodrich. Iteing a woman, Dr. McCready testified in the Stokes andL-not con-- - trial -l.wealthy, shttlvilllikelybe lately that- - he believed --Fisk-- died of iricted. the narcotic drugs administered and not of the wound. And Dr. Carnochan testified Pere IIyacinthe, they v say the clerical garb.' So he don't that whether the wound was fatal or not, abandon his wife we can overlook the the immediate cause of death was coma. Couldn't they prove that Charley Goodrich" .EDITORIAL NOTES. -- has-aban-don- ; ded . clerk came to Tils death"by post-offic- e Mass.,1 ; arrested for stealing registered whisky? haj been "Why will young men place them- letters. - selves in the wayvof temptations? A native of Japan was lately arrested in mme aiT7Janct3CO-ht- 3 I burglary He was the first of his raco ever arrested in that city, but will probably not be the last. A Favorite actress of New York, Miss Agnes Ethel, was lately married to Francis V, Tracy, of Buffalo. The most sensible played by the winsome part perhaps, ever : ' T v maiden ,v f An exc ii an cj e publishes as an item of news that "Currency is scarce.?' Wo wonAvas It has ' ' : i The jMary that- - after '' v'V E. Poe," a - -- ;V ' V"-- . . ;thoht - ; Cali-;-:folrm- a,. : . . little s mcedine now-a-day- s. : Reports of the Farmers1 Convention, belong to a society which admitted women, read-il- organized in Chicago lately, show, that favorable results are likely, to accrue irom and the questions the resolutions-adopt- ed discussed, which will prove advantageous to farm laborers generally. The Garlists ofLSpain Jiave been. carry- off women lit Vera. fbi;seamstresses,:to Zing make uui forms. Among those stolen, was a young woman, who was the owner of a dowery of $35,00i). The Carlists are evidently no respecters of persons..' settle-men- t, Bwhov; DeVere, of the French St. Pierre was recently assassinated while at praver in the sacristy of the chapel ' , . His resignation was accepted on the condition that his dues for the current year should be paid. Any itself on so society might congratulate - - to membership. happy a riddance. y. v - ll A C0RRESioNiENTiitai TiljakeGeorgojz WriterthusfifsiblLgrrh We haie-; -- better than most men. T . . v She is a girl of splendid physique t and healthy tone, ofI mind Without regard to her complexion, she goes out on the" water morning, nooii andlevening. Fortunately for her, the sun beautifies and 'does not disfigure, for she only looks fresh and rosy, without any tan or redness. 3The girls: who rare parsing the season in fine Presses and only take piazza exercise.becauso their dress unfits them for any other, may well envy Miss Montgomery i! the pleasurable Recollections she will carry with er of her s At Prospect Park Brooklyn, the colossal bust of John Howard Payntyuithorof "Home Sweet IIome,' was iveentiy iniyailed and presented to thaPark,in the presence of a Va$tr: concourse of people. The bust is mounted on a highly polished granite pedestal, being Hi itself a bright bronze. On the occasion of IP . H I ( f lfsngi;ilvlsiieiJ7. exercfaea of. a" pleasi n g- -; and appro been performed amdri which i3 mentioned the singing of J" America : by, a chorus of six handred ch ildren accom pan ied by music; the reading of a poem composed for the occasion ." by; John George Saxe and an address by Mr.: Do Witt The song of "Sweet Ilbme," short and simple as - ; itls;ias scious iimmortalizer ' of author T i tlio name of iUr i f; " W'aiwayjJ .worth wlillo to interestTchii-- ; dren and teach them good principles by; It telling them good, sensible stories, or talk-of. x ing with them about the beautiful lives who have lived the pure and honorable ' upon the earth.' The following instance is related in the "Floral Cabinet:" A gentleman tells that many years ago, he was on a visit to; the Isle of Man, and during ins walks ho strolled into the- quiet schurch yard, where reposed the bodies of majy- Ua Nearlaithful-an- d, humble. Christian. d church-yarlje grave in the corner, of the latter noticed a lady With a little girl (the abouttwelve years of age), to ;whoHi sh- was relating the "toryof the; dairyman's 11 i i ? -- - '' An English stock raiser paid $40,000 for one rcowl at"a recent sale,at Now; York Mills, aaugIitef3hW and another man N. ' ; "'LL.. lately near Utica, Y.; enTo a for horse.; trotting paid $50,000 courage improvement in the quality of stock is praiseworthy, to say the least; but the extravagance of woman need not longer be hooted at, since some men can afford to gratify their own-- ambitious vanity aby payfancy asthe"above,"for of St Jean deflieu. ; Safety from .violence ing suck aprices r.:.:-horse. .fr if not to be anticipated, even in what is con- cow and fine sidered the most sacred sanctuary. Memphis Still groans under the burden An account is given in a taK piper; of a of the terrible plague with which she is . city,' they testifying that the yellow fever was not abating and thai more help than e verTwaa -- requtre qested from all sympathizers with suffering,1 hiiihanity7:toas$ist in paying the expensed-o- f the sick; to be sent to Atfc DLongstalf President of the IIowardAssociationprem- I el pin gliand s Should iio V ph ' be withheld. What city, can judge when her own time ixTsufferiiig may commence? - large stern wheel vessel, was recently burned on the Mississippi river, ten miles above Osceola, Arkansas. The pilot, Hans Cowan, was burned ; before he left his post Out of 65 der at this,, for the story is so old, we badly passengers, only four were reported missing everylto afterihedccurrenceThat speaks, better ' where. V; "'Iv for the officers of the "Poe," than if the Mokeluine at Hill, The Chinamen clerk's report had been "all lost." want quarrelled, got- mad, and George Francis Train arrived in New to burn up the town; .but the white citizens since, fronrEuropef ta stand guard -- tmdTtlariH- let -- them. Cruel York a short remained about a week, and having become white men! ; , disgusted with the ways of the country in A war has lately broken out in Panama, that time, sailed away again, leaving forand between Nerra, the present President, ever, he said. But th world in its revofrom General Cornoza, recently deposed lutions vill bo most likely to roll him back same till the both that office. They can't, , again,. position, so they quarrel about it. ' Wesof old five A year daughter comwhich Since the financial panic, leyBennett was at playjvith her bro'foerln a stubble field that was being burned,, in been have to from 8,000. 10,000 persons Cana, California, on the 17 ult, when the And no work means flames r thro vm out of work. overtook her and burned 'her so no bread for most people who will work badly that she died soon afterward. Every accident of the kind above stated, should The American Woman Suffrage Associa- bo a warning to others, to avoid the . aption held its fourth anniversary meeting on proach of danger. the 13th ult, in Boston. A large audience A member of the Homeopathic Medical Soassembled, of which, fully two thirds are ciety of the State of Pennsylvania, Dr. Jacob reported to have been men: The women's G. Wiestling, lately tendered his resigcause progresses. , nation; announcing that he would not J l afilicted. As late as; the 22nd ult, luuU calls for help were piade by oflkvrs 6f tiu' P--- been .'- n. an7overdoe6f aungladyTircrereirtt Hontgomeryr-- - understood the present iiutant, in consequence of the lato financial failures, the wages of employes on some of the railroads in the States will be reduced frcnlDTo20er cent If care and responsibilities decrease in proportion with the wages, there wilF be a continued round of accidents to record. No. 1, 1873. As the lady prjjoeded vith'the.na Kitive; he noticed the little girl Ifft ."l her eyes filled with tears, and heard her say that she would try and bj as good us the After dairyman's daughter had been: the grave, they planting a beautiful fly walked slo wl y .away. Th e gentlemau, upon was making inquiry, found that the lady feet. - ; ? ? tho-Duche- of;Kent, and thy Utile girl her ss 'daughter. England. . The latter B now the Queen of v , ; , ; i ; i 