w VO.M L. AX'S EXPONENT. The Pomegranate. perhaps not CORRESPOXDEXGE OF MISS SNOW generally known that this beautiful, rich I This poem, which, wis written for, and appeared and wholesome fruit will keep well through i Jerusalem, March 4, 1873.. in the twenty-firnumber or, the ExHumr, Apni the winter. Let "it be: wrapped and packed EditorWoman's Exponent: J .1st, contained there "several typographical errors, awav in ii box or laid ftmonsr clothes in a last in I'wrote you Cairo, Egypt, from where wo paid our whchEpmpUtly deem it due to the talented author to republish it, try it respects to the Red Sea of antique celebrity. corrected. Farmer's Fruit Cake One cub of sour TwalkedTip and dowivitslow bank, admired The world is progressing! the lunlight of science dried apples, soaked oyer night and chop its beautiful, calm surface, as it lay in sweet With new luster sparkles i ped fine; simmer two hours in a cup of repose with wave unstirred; ana reiiectea And keen, searching intellect wins an alliance d of a cup of butter; one-hasugar; With t ecrois lng hidden away; deeply on the past of its interesting history. Bright genius unfolds new and great combinations cup of sour, milk; one teaspoonful soda; one From Suez we went by rail back to 1s-r O( power to bless and serve man; two cloves of and nutmeg; eggs; beat well maila, which we ' passed on our way from While muses, and graces forsake not their stations together; add, tiieiipplestirred up in a cup Cairo to Suex.li: Frdm Tsmaila we went by Adorning the structure so grand. of flour; add flourvtiU quite stiff. steamer on the great Suez Canal, one of the The world is progressing ! O manhood arouse thee Scent Powder.- - A charmi ng recipe for modem "wonders of the world," to Port 1 or in the swift race be outrun: scent powder, to be used for wardrobes. Said; a town built 2on artificial1 ground, The great wheels of progress will never turn back- ' boxes, etc., far finer than any mixture sold made of material taken from the bed of the ward, .? at the shops, is the following: Clove gilla, canal. On the evening of the 22nd of Febru So roll them rij?ht bravely, each one In the proud halls of state, at the hearthstone so sweet peas, mignonette, orris root, rose ary, by the aid of boats - we went on board .; i Jowly, , leaves, and aromatic calamus each onol the Vesta, of Let vour voice for imrroviwnnfc h toward two ounces: rho steamers, ana eany we nexi morning- anStrengthen virtue and fconor, disdain things unholy J Ounce; lavender-flower' via mougai soar as iree as a Dira. dium wood, a of dram. These chored: off the coast , of Jafla, Twhicli we i.t; to be : mixed tind reduced to r a coarse reached In boats in are safety, although .this is The world is progressing I O womanhood, waken scent This on clothes is as if all considered the most dangerous of f. seaports. powder. And join in the jubilant strain The fetters which bound thee now surely are break fragrant-flowerhadbeeni pressed in their Theediterranean washes thorfoundations THE WORLD IS PROGRESSING. It-i- s st ,hence4ve-werit-toLSue- t z, to-da- y, . : . one-thir- - lf . - . X , ! ' . . ; . s, - one-four- th 1 -- - - s And never shall gall the again. No more in the dust shall thy meek head be trodden; No - f0lds.T::-:y-, r- - - of-'theuUd-in Pudding. One quart of milk. While and entering a narrow, muddy street were , more shall in justice overwhelm : boilingtir in one pint of flour, after it is met by a host of natives, clamoring for our: Thoa shall rise above ignorance," fashion and folly sifted, six eggs, six! taM satchels in anticipation of a fee of "Back-shee- h And reign as a queen in thy real m. one of sugar, butter, the crated spoonful for relieving us from carrying' them. ; the in- Presently a smiling corpulent biped in turpeel and - juice of two demons.-A- llThe world is progressing f old fabrics of error Fall, molded and crumbling to earth; gredients must be well beaten together ban and gown demanded our passports, at While structures, far statelier nobler and fairer before they are stirred into the milk. Stir the sameJimoi - Rise pillared with power and worth. " ' giving :us . a hint that he one without for a or way minute stopping would Via rrej udice writhes 'neath the blows that are compromise his demand, for a fee; to j off dealt her, i and turn into your buddiner which our cashier readily : assented, ' and two, take it ; . And fcr power, wild strurg'ling she keep?; dish. It is to be eaten cold, with sugar and thereby also protected our? baggage from JJut her terrible sway shail forever be broken cream if like. you being overhauled at the Custom House. Humanity no longer sleeps. 7 - ? ' The world is progressing! yet all is not stainless, Grim evi yet flourish abroa- dFalse teaching.fake swearing.and falsehearted statesmen. Black intrigue, and the blackest of fraud. But the world is progressing that k God, we're progressing! The day of dull torpor is past; Brave hearts and strong hands are their ardor expressing; I ' The millions are waking at lastl i - ; 1 - - r , Lu Daltok.' - HOUSEHOLD HINTS. . What to do in case of accident. Prof. Wilder of Cornell University, gives the following short rules foracting in case of accident, which it will be found usefulto preserve or remember: If choked, get upon all fours and cough. If in Water, float on the back, with the nose projecting. Fox apoplexy, raise the head and body; for fainting, lay the person flat If any artery is cut, compress above the wound; if a vein is cut, compress belowv For slight burns, dip the part instantly in cold water; if the skin is destroyed, cover with varnish. Remove wax from the ear by tepid water; never "put a hard instrument into the ear. In case of poisoning, excite ' vomiting by ; tickling the throat or by warm water and mustard. For dust in the eyes, avoid rubbing; dash water into them; remove cinders, etc., with the round point of a lead pencil. For acid poisons, give alkalis, for alkaline poisons, give acids white of eggi 3 good in .most cases;' in case of opium poisoning give strong coffee and keep moving.--Smotha lire with carpets, etc ; water will often spread burning oil, and increase danger. Before passing through smoke, take a full breath and then stoop low; but if carbonic acid gas is suspected,- - walk erect, Suck poisoned wounds, unless your mcAHh is sore; enlarge the wound, or, better, cut out the part without delay;' "hold 'the'' wounded part as long as can Te borne to a hot coal or of :i cigar : -- - er -- Make Strawberry Wine. Nothing can We walked to our encampment; be more delicious; nothing can be more found our tentsdirectly in readiness to receive usp healthful: In all cases of riverain, rir of and were delighted with the many conve slow, nervous fevers, or of impure blood, or niences provided by Mr.f Howard, agent of of bilious apparatus, it will be Mr. Cook of London, under - whose arrange ill-regula- ted found a great palliative, and a powerful aid to other remedies of a more decided character. Three quarts of strawberries make one quart of juice. Add three quarts of water and three pounds of the best sugar. Use a clean, sweet cask, leave the bung out for fermentation, ."hen.the fermentation, subsides close 'the cask tightly and the wineris ready for use. Tightly stopped ft Will keep ten years, if necessary, but in my experience it has always been found too attractive to be kept-- quite so long a time. "Shakespearian Almanac." Cold Water Drinking. Cold baths of the skin are good, but it is doubtful if flooding the stomach outgoing tobednd: on rising is hot; on the Wholef the mostprofit-abl- e form of cold bathing, Costiveness, and are piles indigestion uniformly relieved by this morning and : evening stomach douche. The quantity must be determined i by each one for himself Two or three swallows w ill generally do to begin with, but the quantity will soon grow to a tumblerful," and ' I have" known persons to 'use much larger quantities with marked benefit. . If wisely managed,' every dyspeptic will be greatly improved by, this cold stomach " "".y bath. Ex. A Cheap and Delicious Sour. Save theli qiuir iii whicli the nice leg of iiiutton wa.4 boiled It would be wicketl " ' - ' to-da- y. to throw it away, for a large fraction of the succulence and nutriveriess of the meat is in it. Remove the fit and then the fire. Add onions if 'desired,' put it over carrots and turnips, sliced thin, and some lime beans, sweet corn and slised "potatoes; with bits of celeri'j.add in either case rice or barley, a tablespoonful of them dry, to a quart of liquor is a good rule. po this and at a trifling expense you maSnuve a tureen of soup fit to set before a King. w,' ments we are traveling. Thus, under as clear a sunshine as had ever shone on Jaffa, and in as bright a morning as ever dawned on the land of Palestine. we commencedV tent life, and, to render it more impressive, fit was Sunday mora There is nothing attractive in the appear ance of the interior of this ancient town. It is said to 'con tairi about five thousand inhabitants. SA? we 'saw them! iinvcrowds in ihe narrow, crooked streets they are the representatives of low life nncl degradatioii. We walked a long, roundabout distance io ; visit the "house of Simon' ! the tanne,,, situated by the sea side, and were glad to return to7urr tents l ih the suburb,-wher- e we -breathed the pure fresh air. The surroundings ofLthe city are pleasant and richly decorated with v groves of the lemon and orange, with me. the reflection that we really were in Palestine, the land rendered dear to the faints of God by some of the most interesting associations of mortal life the history of the past in connection with the anticipations of 1 the. future,. which, no other people than- fatter-da- y Saints can so tlu? all absorbing fully appreciaie--wi. thought. V Early on Monday morning our camp equipage,; which consists of every, thing necessary for genteel f boarding houses, was , packed and in monstrous bundles lashed to the sides of donkeys, mules and horses; our tents struck and packed; the laden animals and their drivers .skirted off: when we mounted our horses and following our drag oman, went in the same direction leading; to Jerusalem. For a considerable distance , after leaving the city, the street on both sides, is .lined r with the most luxuriant oranire" trroves we have seen, the limbs bending With the ' , : - ,; , - w ; , . . v , 