W O M A N ' S E X PON E N'T. 01 of Hirthday, in which the warmest feeling of if right and incumbent unm the sisters to j patronized anli sustained. Jove ind confidence towards that ' lady, as a read good books audf get all the useful the 3rd Ward Belief Society were trying to worthy pit torn, we re expressed. knowledge they could iir relation to the be fax th ful and d II igent in the performance cause of diseases and how to trat them; in, of their duties. She hoped they would all Keport front (Vntreville, August loth, as much as the Lord had endowed them speak their minds freely, that their. visitors Our Belief Society.-.Waorganized with faculties, it was for them to cultivate might not go away disapiKinted. Mrs. 21'Jst Jnim Feb. 12th and use them; but ' their chief dependence Wagstiiif said she felt at home among her 1809, and !87; with Mrs. Margaret II. Bandall Presi- and reliance, they should cyer.kecp in mind sisters of the Third Ward; spoke of the dent, Mrs. Itcbecca Porter and Mrs. was in. the power and spirit of God, and calam i tics wh ich were sweeping the earth , Hindi no Smith Counselors, Mm. Marlette that He alone was able to strengthen and and of the necessity of instructing the young C. Adams Secretary aud Miss Sarah L; .Smith preserve the works of I lis hands. When in the ways of life' and of. their religion ; Treasurer. Ay; the place ts small we don't young people could be made to understand, they should be taught great care in regard gather in ijia much as they do In larger the spirit of the Gospel, they had no'more to the company they kept. Addresses places, hut the people have responded liber- need to b A?aTneli against the influence of follbweflbysistersFanny. Smith,3IJ31ythe, ally to the calls that have wen made.' The the spirit of the world, it was as uncongeniaL E. A. Gleason, 3t. A. Angel, Z. G. Eardlcy, pro ident Is ever willing and ready to to their feelings as to those of older people EaP. Weiler E.IIaynes nml Elizabeth. who realized its tollies. If young ladies Gregory; One of the sisters said her time engage-- in any good work, and the sisters " tir.it attend the; meetings are united. IWo were wanted who could be depended upon; was so mucli taken up with worldly cares that fee! that we have done some good in the Retrenchment 'Associations were the she had no time to read or write, and hardly desired and hope places In whichltolookfor them; ..Speaking knew when ' 16 cktmorean the years toeome; A small of the importance of the present day, Mus to live her religion and hoped she: did not i t: JiwisoPwith- of grmiidwe 'donated Snow said. "Lc t every woma n "who : has dbiivrong-ccrjeiarto us by Mrs, Margaret Cherry. Bytlie light within Jier, warn; her neighbor, for right for tlie time to be wholy spent those . th ings wh ich pertai n ;X; u iv: :.i 11 in tlie. tsires of Jiberalityof tha hretjiTen the house has been this is a day of warning." i ahdAyejIiave a comfortable place The congregation sang "We thank thee to this life ''aloneT7.Bhe6Tfeir"fell grieved X O t h or a d dresses that she Ifad so lif tie ! G od f for a proph e t. " nvhiejti YQ0ptf2ji5riie. Exionkn:tt is ' a Owere made and meeting adjourned tor t two ihgiand studying to gain?ihtelligence and welcome little messenger to usl M. C. Adams, Secretary. lay up rireatircs x f r which no one eould rob week.vy7Tt:; Siuging, Praise t Godiirom i whomall her. The young ladies, meet ings and Sabbath Schools were referred to ; .and all vere In Ogden on the 14 th ult, a Relief Society blessings flow.? Benediction by Counselor ' Th-membcr- . I 1 d mu-ganize- , I! -- 1 ; ; : 1 Sunday-eamey-vt-sl- ce ie yI it-w- n as j ' : Mrs f ZljYou ii glUti .k-- Us:;i Kj ;"7 adviscdjoeiu i Miss M. a: Miss Eliza B. Snow, Mrs. M. I. I lorn e," Mrs. irig adjourned "for Tvvoveek.ilfsmissed .Texkjxs; Sedrehiry. vith singing, and prayer by Counselor Mrs. hi rgaret- P. Young an d Mrs. L. G reene ' :J:' X Foi'xtaix GkeeX, Saxpetk Co., Utah, Fanny Smith. Itiehards, from Salt Lake City; and many 3fri.i JElizaijetii Weiler, President. ofliccitf and members of' societies IeIonging August 11th, 1871 ( ; ; ' Mns. ZunyiAir G. Eardlev Secretary. to ail jaeeht settlements, forming, in conriec-ftio- n Eiutoh Womax's Expoxkxt: is somewhat a late with the Ogden Society, a large congre1)eai Sister to to i u From thb Secretary of the Belief Society report you. gation. The meeting .was held an the date tabernacle. President Franklin I). Bieh-nriOur.Society was organized on the 11th of in Paradise, Cache County, we have f'Our Society was :a ncl jfither;Eldersiouithalj3tand, also Junej 18G8, and has been in a prosperous received the ibliowing: President Mrs. J. S. Richards with her condition ever fliuce. We have donated organized four years ago; the President, Cou li selors a rid oth er officersT and the visi- liberally to the poor in our ward and have Sister Jeliriic tors. The congregation was addressed by made them as comfortable as our means endeavors to do good. At out last meetMiss E. 11. Snow, Mrs. M. P. Young, Mrs. would allow. We have also donated to the ing she spoke upon the necessity jot the M. I. I iorne,' Elders P. Richard, F. I). Temple at St. George. We own $50 in the sisters seeking to i mprove, thei r minds and Piichards and Bishop Thomas, the general capital stock of Fountain Green gain understanding, and also of their useing spirit of the teachings being for improve-me- Mercantile Institution, and have, in the the abilities with which the Lord has blessed in all the ways of life. Miss Snow's Treasurers hands about the same amount. them, In assisting to carry on His work. We have no poor in our Ward that are in She urged them all to take and read the address Will probably be given in full in heedi : The, wortl "Female I was tiropjped. ExroxEXT, and to 'write also, and Iielp to another issue of the ExroxEXT. from our Society at a meeting Jield in Deceni-be- r bear testimony to the world, that the. x lcS72 by a unanimous vote of the sisters: women of the are ''truly Minutes of the Sixty-Fourt- h meeting of act and write with Re- We hold our meetings regularly every free," that they speak and the Senior and Junior a are and restrained hot' trenchment Association, held in the Four- month, by any good spirit has always pre- freedom, and conown of we their and thaii over that will. Other power teenth Ward Assembly Rooms, August 16, vailed, hope The ExroxEXT is a welcome visitor and science and their own ieelings and desires. : And now I wish to give a few of my views, Electing opened with singing, 'Joy to we wish it much prosperity. Our President the world;" Prayer by Counselor Mrs. E. is upheld by her Counselors, Teachers and iiunibly anttln 1 toward : Singing, " An Angel from "on sisters in general. The health of the people the Ijord how rbiuires of His, daughters iii these parts was never better than at the that; they, as well as the Elders, speak in high." ; - .H'. defense of the Truth which He has revealed, President Mrs. M. I.. Ilorne remarked present: time. ., . r 1 tJ-, Yours iii the good work, th rough II is wohderous mercies and matchthat in looking over the congregation, she " I have been a member of the ,xolly-'Ann-oitNsoN, Prcsideilt..' less grace. thought how few Were present in compari- T ' Klizabetu F. Johnson, Secretary Church twenty-liv- e son with the number of ladies there were years; I entered it for the sake of the truth, which I love. I have in, the city; considerable talking had been ' A report is given from the ilrd Ward iii this lived Iii plural marriage, ten years, and this done to the girls of, late, but she thought the mothers in Zion needed talking to quite city, of a meeting held August 20th, at which order I know for myself was revealed by as much, as their daughters; if mothers Mrs. W. Margarett Steel and Mrs. Euuua God as a portion of a great plairof; redemp- r would set their daughters worthy examples, Wagstaff from the lstWard, and Mrs.Sarah tion for a fallen world. I do think that they would have all Influence with them, Wheeler from the Sugar House Ward were every woman who 1ms received the light and were lost on present. Mrs. Wheeler spoke of the beauty made covenants in the house of the Lord, it seemed .that .many, on account of their indifference, yet and comfort she, found iu her religion, it should seek, with all the w isdom wherewith it was the duty of each one wio had received was, every thing to her and her great desire she is endoAyed, to aid in spreading the glad ; knowledge of the truth, to use all the in- was to live it and have her family live tidings of peace and salvation abroad, and in allayiug and transubstantiating the prejufluence possible for the benefit of her according to its perfect principles. Mrs. Steel ., wished the circulation and dice which exists against tlie works of God The speaker referred to a meet-in- g neighbor. site had lately attended at Ogden, in influence of the ExroxEXT to be increased, in the Latter-dayI, for one, shall deem company with Sister Snow and others from as she felt it to be a means of: doimr much' if agreatpri vilegtri FI i rFniy-- ti mpliclty the city, and mentioned the numberof young good among the sisters. She hoped the can say or write any little word that may ladies, one hundred and five, who belonged 3rd Ward all attended the General retrench- comfort or encourage, or in any way. bless a to the Society of Sisters in Ogden. She ment meetings held in the" 1 Ith Ward, all sister, or a friend, for my whole desire is then gave the meeting into the hands of should go there and Jiear the good instruc- to do good In sonic way. the sisters,-ma- ny of whom bore faithful tion ".which, were given. president Mrs. You, dear Editor, and a few others h ive and interesting testimonies to the truth 'of Wciler said she always Very much, enjoyed braved the storm God bless you! And ' sisters, have courage to step going to, the sisters' meeting in the 14th may .we, theGospel. COXTIXUED TO TAfJE KlfJIIT. Miss Eliza 11. Snow said .she believed VanI, wanted to see the Expoxext avcII ; 2k - ;" j.-:- : -yll- ; --.;:f; : f :Itf la . ' Co-operati- ve ; at 1 ; lyattcr-tlaylSain- ts Co-operat- ive . 1 ' X1 .l--i- : 'l " -.- J . -- ; . the-teachin- gs : f . s. : ur j-o- 