:it '1'--".- If ( I ' "':."" r; :: I "" . t ""'.:' .'.'. . ' ' ' " . . :"' ' " . f " ' - - - A'S ,..!'. W()M : ' - ' ;r " ' - KXI'ON KKT. vV-,-' ' ' - '". ' ' ' i ..VVV " " ,T;"V : '., i , . i - , 27" J j ' . . ina I). Young was .Manyidiiidren of the Saints du! noi' iiiaiiifest f.Auother refmedy'giviii": Vimiiiediate eliel My Counsefoiv.Mrs that faitlr which their parents IukP iMiwn;1 and ..h(ihgqu(!k1y:i:i:to jiiukeimuititrc of always happy to Miieei.' with her preA'enH'd, he fell wJiy wan it that gofnl seed did not ihe' loiu. elmiter; A'ell, wortli reading. All times hrmg:;forth g t" . : J : ' ' Mi; v and rest in and power of faith, its potency in healing cald, change often. get their 1 . . . . . ... . At the' morning, others found it best to rise thp sfflr ATrc- , AVilnxifl. Tr T.if uii-IlJEN WKAKIED Willi WOrK Of IU1I1CI aiUI tww4Ml, j early a nd t;dve the fresli i norning a i r. C arlvfroni IlealtU should e considered in pff fereiiee to other lhattersl Bread would likely represent at our next for games are5 certain to flour was best tor eommon iisel This 'bread and all would wish to listen to her,nicttingexanipleS subno create innocent mirth; ' v;i'2 should, never be kneaded, but stirred with a jcti uuui ue cooseu. .ueeung aaiournea i ....i.5.:.. n,.. UIWW fmimt'-'... was tU'f fhr J better for having a little nibhtsses U.k-SJincrinr, LZ? ". fl,. spoon': uuHt-i- , me iwiuv ui mco sne secreuv coil-- F :.; K V T ..li ki,' it wU.n . put into Thompson rejoiced I?u,,('!1,.,0,, :,,tide tu t leade that she was permitted to meet again with ' J Pr ' . : i . ri,thei.a(ilt.tIoWiVupy turns" her dear sister: while she had been absent to her right-han- d ' neigh!K)r, yihg; I'have froin them in bodyj her thoughts' had beeu HOrSKIIOLl. HINT8. a ; of such and --suclr4 bouquet,; composed often with them i for the protection of God, flits'. A. LI. ' li., writing to the '"Rural flowers (naniiiig them); which one 'will you' which had been constantly with her. she select, and .what use .will you make of it?" d nirnoutea much to the prayers of her friends .ew i orKer," adheres to the at Salt Lake, for which she thanked, them custom of washing on Mondays and gives Her companions, one tifter another choose' a f flQwerancl state what they will do with i tr and gtorified:Him7The8aintrn tl,e mowing in m Wheii all Imye doi.C; thts, the leader of the th worth r,r ',!..' V . ,.rr.,.,, shaijoundiiini bv whom game declares aloudJthe persons people, had the privilege of "crossing the--! paper, who does not believe in the practice: each : ;; ; f is flower persdhatcd , j ocean in company with some of them; could "it we keep the Sabbath, does it imply see the hand of the Lord insulo m:mU thatvemustfh fest iu the blessings poured out upon her have here a cliarmihg bouaueL eombosed of I pnieticiiigthee ioiioyingrjJ(?wesinian a bunch otvioletsya, white eiimelia, a damask i she habits while neatness of and order on the Sabbath had been gone, in andaughter, ' swer to her secret prayers; the. very things which we follow through the week? Is .it rose, a sprig of jessamine,' a pink rosebud, ari she had asked of Him had been granted. any, greater slrij? to; return clothing, books brown imperial; a branch of hops,-?- a yellow , She asked the Lord to bless the Saints who etc; to their proper places after iising, than dahlia, a blue campanula and a Scotch thistle. ts had lately come to Zion, she had been to throw them (n beds, chairs or the floor Which flower: will you select, and what will 4 . blessed in their society. Mrs. Amanda to; be picked up Jon Monday? 'is it aiiv :t:i. Smith-coul- d JtlytfulyLthatLthe present was more la bor, when we remove soiled cloth ing l'A Hady: I choose the damask rose, and u glorious jday for the Saints. Slu? them it i ii tub of water toiioak, than wiHTwearritin7iydiair.:ri regretted to isthrow that there was so much sickness among it to hide them away in closets, under the A Gentleman.- - And I the; bunch of bed or in some other place out of sight, to be violetsjuid wili : thmandJliat seudi puLthejniinvan mv become so prevalent. It was best to send searched for on 3Iouday? Why have picked-u- p table. for the elders first ViiEK the i round' of the company; has 'dinners?' It; is no great task 'to prepare She related an incident m miLvu uci. wu was uirown irom a horse. food on Saturday enough lnt hnu np been thus made, the leader reveals; the Miuugu tn .iasi hh$liead4iadly- -i njure(ljiaWi t7vasrm- - three "diiya;vor.r a. plekedtUiiltinerTi-eyeiii- hanlesiijQfLLihQsee sidered hopeless that he should ever recover would not be so bad. with cheerful he irfs flowers, by saying - :sr:;, , his senses if Ins life were spared. She could and pleasiint words; for "better is a dinner "The damask rose is Mr.-- -, whom vou snot endure the thought of her son's being an of herbs and love therewith, than a stalled - have chosen to wpr iii mni- - lllll hoSi., I . .j The bunch of violets is Miss imbiciie all his life; bathed him and made , who is to be have: about in we -him a if clean vase on and sweet Mr Sabbath the Surely that as placed a everything kept 'stable, etc.: u-'the angels might come and visit him: called day of rest and holiness we should rise on etc. : in as many elders as could kneel around the. the following morning refreshed and with The WEATHEncwKs. The four corners of the of '.Sabbath to enough .Qea..aniLmey,uU,.laid.:tlid "tarrvthe room are n a m e n ft e - Ko m spirit the and. prayed, one after another: when awake us through one day at least, without cross dinal points, viz., North, South, East; and U the boy raved and would words or not to as and an allow those to elder to looks; West. The leader of the game take3 the garments ' . ...... t approach in m, nut they came and adminis bel miishpd whyi theyTshould have been part of Eelus, pr the - Wind, and stands in tered While he slept, and he did not awaken done the week beforeXqr must be left until the centre of the room; the other players i until the following morning, when his senses the next wash. Many people seem to think themselves in one or more files. ranging were ciear ana hnght as ever, and he was because they have a hard day's work on The game begins by Eolus pointing to one soon entirely recovered. The speaker re- liahd, they have also a free license to be of" the from which the wind is suplated several other instances in which the cross and fretful, and keep themselves and posed topoints blow, at the same time calling out : power of God had been made manifest the whole lamily. m a state of .mind u hioh its name, to which the other nlaverk m 11s- t- ; hroughtaithhowing-thafcwhing-anis.jnu(&jiibr " anointing, administration and simple medi- tnan the labor they perform. "opposite" direction. For instance, if the Iu well regulated homes, the house should wind cries cines, such as. the Lord will reveal to those "North," the "Weathercocks" r w ho trust Him,are preferable to the treatment be in ; good order on Monday, the washing must tuni to the south, and so on. - At the of doctors. For a bad case of canker, to wash done in the fore noon, or begun at least, word every' one must turn wnn a swab and wash of golden seal, bayebrry without the labor of looking throu eh the around "Tempest," three times,r returnint?o i4.av v v oa e ior and.sagc. Mothers in Israel would be held " years precisely to their former position. ; At the aecountaMe in ; that they aUowed their "wuc 11 XU1U no more washing m a word they mut "balance" biick-da- y to flounce and flirt and dress over than can be done in a forenoon, always ,vards "variable," daughters and forwards until the wind adds the to hiive much like vain women of the world. tbn nmborl nnrl aimingill b;iir aihe of " i one of the cardinal II VVWV IIIJU "West" iurs. ik oung remarked that after a order for dinner; and then a. few hoursiidl iywiisuuice,wneiLihey inustpoints, "slowly" turn wb to the east, instead of, a wah hr heforewhirling; mouth it should be. thrown away and not Perhaps. If the week's wash cannot he all iii the direction opposite to the one lapidly into the wash. Mrs." MVT. Trn'riiAv done in that time,f or there mv vniinr r.hn indicated. put again "M When wind the names a point -aiu aiways nan a cup oi clean water and ren w hose clothes should J)e .um vhnrl "lacing the one then occupied by the washed a swab thoroughly after using it. oftener, we have two wash thiys, say on weathercocks, instead of obeying its comShe felt that whatever was necessary would Monday and Thursday and , we enjoy those mands A nv mis remain motionless they be given to those wlio sought wisdom of days as well. as any of the seven: vcs. and take is, of course, punished by the ixiymcnt God. Canker was a poison, it often when there" are children around thev eniov I of a forfeit. required the use of one poison to cure another: for it, too, to wear old clothes, to pi.-?M o to swab the mouth and throat basin of diptheria, suds, and not be scolded A 3liss Swift of Troy, Xew York, lately fining Wltn Verdigris and water shfi hurt i . us a font. is certain cure when life had been almost do-- &iy. This does not apply to women who swift for a while ronmn; she should have spaired of. Counselor Mrs. S. M. Kimball have no conveniences for washing." been checkerl 'Fob burns or scalds apply immediately a B. ols,cr-- Anomio-sa"Xtu , Bri it vvk i.uirht inniv i v,l:,l,r,. I,. iOine eould be.-nle- ep j .t ai, . ' - t . . ' L i . : , -- . , , ilPJ. hl ' V it;rMrL t 5 t,,. - j l'.r . . - " V ; f ( J . : ! time-honore- -- A-hv- orf. ' , -- -- ? : sdiad ' ' r yfzf : -- - v 1 ' . . t " , i- r ; ? rejndy-immeiateJy-rturaini- iihe ? w Tu L -- -- -- C3 . A -- luid-beeironceu- sed i I - -- ! ; - ,. " - " ; -- nevcr-to-he-drenle- .i,i rl -- ! i.f. ' ; y - i e '' -- ,r . ; i 