C : , ti t X 5 l I !..: ' . .. - -- I . .. - . . - . -- . ' I . .. . m - suggestert by sister whom addressed us in , a most pleasing ana by a instructive manner. E. R. Snow. Our finances are as follows: i PRAYERFUL CONFESSION. and Our Quarterly Yearly Reports were Aggregate receipts. $1,3G0; disbursments, a m oi ain beset, $100.We have invested eighteen snares oi l prescntea, : aiter-wni- cn 0 God, when grief and jsoul the doings of the Society, since its organiza- When hope and joy my dollars each in the forget, twentvrfive I brinsr my woe to Thee; M J 2 Z store; three shares in -- the Stock herdiind tion, was read 1 come to Thee and humbly pray now been We have the balance consists in building material; organized five years, That Thou wilt smooth my thorny way, and pur esteemed Resident, Mrs. M. I And bid my sorrows fleer articles of clothing, etc. Home, Jias deemed it proper to give a slight We hold meetingsregularly I ne'er forget to breathe Thy Dam",shame and we intend during the winter to increase- summary of our . labors, etc., during that When o'er my pathway grief and . ; our means as far as possible for the further- - time. In dreary darkness brood; m'o-hucomn on our over We we books had have have I cry to Thee when inoffdistress,breast nnrfl of our buildinir, which Ask Thee to lift from my irienceci for the benefit of our Society. names, still our average attendance drel Its weary, weary load, Your very interesting Paper is highly has not been above seventy-fivWe have labored under many disadvan annreciated by those Who subscribe for it, But when Thou healest all my woe, becomes as it tages," and our succes demonstrates what n nd is training great fiivor And when my sonl is all aglow With golden beams of peace, circulated. We are just sending a list of may be accomplished by the united, indi My fickle heart, contented well hew subscribers and we will do all we can fatigablo efforts of a few, 'Mid transient gayetiea to dwell, We have administered to the poor m Uids all devotion cease. to sustain it. Olson. every case which lias been brought to our Delilau Dear Lord! assist By TeebldfaitbTT notice, to the extent of our - means ; - and -. That not alone it prove its worth have furnished suitable - burial clothes for 'Neath sorrow's blighting de- w- . Lake 1st City, Ward, Salt ' some sixlor , eighth That not alone I seek for id;r;";-Mir;We have also 1872. "December 25th, . When treading paths of fearful shade, h eld a Fair which proved quite a success. : Hut make me grateful too. Editor: Dear We liave assisted to erect our building at a LV DaLTOK, We will never forget the lessons received cost of $2,351, which is now owned by the at" our last ltelieTtety;ipeetifurelyBelief Society,: except aboutSoOO. Our F. R. SOCIETY REPORTS. kind, angels ministered unto us, and the donations have amounted to $2,013:19$, of of God was in our midst. Sympathy which Spirit 1872. $1,206:73 have been distributed to Beaver, Dec. 22nd, increased is human with certainly suffering t We he ix)or jind pa id Editor Womas Exponent:- -in the hearts of the sisters through these into E. and P. and made Fund $2G1 the . :50, We send you a brief sketch of the Relief meetings being held. And is there ought twent-si- x and one Society in Beaver. It was organized Janu- else that distinguishes man from the beasts donated to the Tabernacle ary 11th, 1868 and since that time has been I think we can truly report that our ... steadily and constantly struggling on in our ; ;.;. !mS humble sphere. We have bought a lot on aeeomphshej mud. good, and is beasH of the field aud forest that the among AlA a block northwest of.thc public square; fenced fivmnalhv which exists in nature's seM JlUllliJIUIIi, J1IV HVytl. ft aElmina S. Taylor, Secretary. to meet in for between house on it it; and built and offspring: that quality parent work, and to instruct and be instructed, han which there is no deeper, higher or American Fork, Jan. 7th, 1873. which has been dedicated and held sacred holier attribute, which extends from the Woman's Exponent: for that purpose, with the exception of a day of nature's God throughout the whole Editor josoni recent At a school being taught in it about five mon ths. of His vast creation. nieeting held in this place, But the difference Our deed of charitjri commenced in our presiding, a unanimous to which I refer, is in the finer, Mrs. 3Iary Hind ley manifested, to dispense with the word own city, and were extended to our sisters m a thy which reason vote was taken of sy stronger grade on the Muddy, w ho were burned out; to the aWJikensand which the sense of "Female" in connection with the name of realizing Emigration fund, and to sundry other calls. our own Weaknesses, our own liabilities to the Society. AVe had long thought it a We. have two shares in the all mankind. superfluous prefix. us ta exrrcise-fo- r err, helps done well so far. The Our Society-has to St. donated the store, have George It is this that kindles in our souls, the in Teinple, and. intend to continue until it is finite desire to sec the nations of the earth sick and needy are cared for and supplied completed, that we may reap the reward of repent and turn from their wickedness, that with the necessaries of life. We have a full our labors therein. Our exact reciepts and and joy and eternal share in the Provo woolen factory, two have peace may they disbursmenfs I am not in possession of. Oil life. And it is this which makes us grieve shares in the store, a building November 17th the Society met, according that in our beautiful even here, we lot, also a lot, five rods by eleven, planted city, besides having donated to to previous appointment, when a vote was behold the degradation and hopeless condi- with mulberry; taken to drop the word "Female" from our tion of our fallen sisters, whom, were it in the Emigration Fund and other laudable ;; Society's name which was carried unaniinous-lyJIh- our power, we wouhi raise up to new, bright institutions. sisters The. st,ill desire to go on iii this ouilalxjramaybttjdi reejteiLm Jhe. lifeiand trust and Wegsedness. : Does it not , right cliahneTand to us and to the cause we have great and gM belong is our humble desire. May God bless the espoused, bv our sympathies to divide the be blessed themselves, but prove a blessing Editor of the Exponent, and all who con- sorrows of others and to double their joys? to all with whom they are connected, in tribute to its columns; may their pens be And excites to action we lean the building up of the Kingdom of God" ujon sympathy inspired, that tlie world may know that we not on faith without works. We would the earth. women that we extend the hand as well as the voice of are not the "do President. Mary are represented to be Gospel has made cluirity to ail who are in need, and who are E. Eastmond, Secretarv. 5V, us free, free , as the pure air we breathe in not so blinded as to retheir by. ignorance, our Mountain Home! May w e ever defend ""The GenerarBetrenchnicnt mecttng- - in aid. our red profle ject its pure principles! Your visits here have done a great deal of .Salt .Lake City, .was held January 4th, 1873. , ; Counselor Mrs. Zina LV Horn, ,Jes. Iatinda President. gootl. 3Iay God bless you in your endeavors Singing prayer by to promote His glorious cause the caustv of Young; Singing: Minutes.of last meeting f' eternal were read by the Secretary, Miss Mary A. Mrs. Ruth Tyler, truth. " Jane Fillis, Jenkins, ajid accepted. Counselor Mrs. yours, Truly Counselors. Elizabeth Howard read the Revelation s unanimou-ottui- Co-operati- ve - -f t- ; ; semi-monthl- y, r e. , - -- 1 ? Jill tr I . -- -- -- - 4 t pel-son- s J . --r-- -r - " , t i , Jmve-idsoxollect- ed . ! !-- V ...... , L 1 Jl 4 11 V . ' t ' . feety 1 f Co-operat- ive t i -- Co-operat- ive at Wtt -- ' 'r ' wn-trodde- n" !-- 1 The . ! - . :.- " " . ; v ELiZARETir Fillmore City, December 24, 1872. , Editor Woman's ExroNENT:--- 2 Our Society was reorganized on the 20th of July, 1870, Caroline allister, President; - Delilali Olson and Mel iss:i Siimson. Counselors. The latter removing to her former home, in Salt Iake City, Belinda Pratt was chosen to fill her place.. A spirit of uuiori exists among us, and we are :tryingTto the best of our knowledge to fill the mission which has been assigned us. . At a recent meeting the v,onl ('Female,' in connection with 4Sx'ietjV? was dropped given Harrison. Salt Lake City, Utah, January 8th. 1872. Editor WojlvnIs Exponent: to the Prophet Joseph Smith, on Celestial Marriage. President Mrs. L Horne wished the sisters all a happy New Year, and hoped that the ending of the year might find all farther advanced in usefulness, wisdom and goodness than its beginning does. - Thoughts the Revelation just read was appropriate,; and believed that the law of Celestial mar riage might be properly classed as a principle belonging to physiology. She had not read the Kevelation for some time herself, and A lt ,jK?nefittcd froni listening to it; her memory was strengthehed and she felt well The following brief report of our Annual 3Ieeting, held December 18th, should have reached you in time for your last issue, but a multiplicity ot causes prevented: yet, remembering the old maxim of "better late than never,''. I Fend it now, trusting you; will excuse. ...1... . : ...Several invited guests were present, among whom were Elder John Taylor and concerning plural marriage. She had lived our bishop, Brother Thomas Taylor, both of in it a good while, and had always got along ! ; t j 8 