Y O 31 A N S E X P ON ENT OUR HOME IX UTAH. way to school, appalling- grave spectators with their loud dressing and louder . man ners. They are duennaed on the street by jjV MISS MAKIA. AtmiAX. There "WrittAn for. nd read hforrt th twpnf f.ffrct mnoiinir "bonne," or groom, or governess. to is much bo said of the advantages of inof the YcuTisj Ladies' Ketrpnebrrient Association of 1873. Tenth the .... ."Ward; September 9th, . nocence wh ieh is clear arid oneh.eved. but r - - i ng which rany which the sound implied? Pleasant loving words would have left a better impression arid a sweeter influence.1 "You little rascal! come put of that straw berry bed or I'll boot you!'" called . out" a father fiercely. The child addressed walked straight into the house and dropped into the cradle. A little brother began rocking it. 'Now you quit rocking me or I'll knock you over!" bawled out the one whom the father had just rebuked, in the same angry way he had been spoken to. What parent would not feel ashamed , of spised; and a little of.it couicNe introduced into tne mcaern euucauon oi American anu How pleasant and bright is the fpot, 7 Hew pure Ja the air we inhale! r i , English fashionable girls with profit. The second point in the training' of a trirl And ihe clear wafers bubbling by should be to discover what special gift or The orchards of fruit at our doors, talent she has; ifany, and whatever her cirAnd sheltering shade trees so nigh, Use. cumstances, to fit her for its - - Even Dut-- What blessings and comforts are ours! ting the money value of such art or accom- such language in the presence of strangers to and hard tasks Ko bind, cripple plishment out of the question, its kid as a or distinguished visitors? Can we be too Nor sadden the days of our youth; resource and strenirthener is incalculable. particular in the manner of addressing our- J Here is freedom for body and mind, Disappointment and grief come more easily selves to, or in the hearing of little ears? To ba led by the precepts of truth. to women than to men : they abide with Va i h t rn np 1 ii o t t h i n k f n m n k ft i ru e m e n Fair visionslrriike charms oft top hem longer, and cap more of their life of their sons if they actn contrariety to the 1 h dayiJrf ams of harts far away; awn v. sininlv bficniise thev need the tonic principles they try to teach by word. And "While they linger in fa'clery and 6hop, efeheere-drudf- r of hard en iovahl ev'fvrk , o. mothers will find it vain to wish tot hear And hope for a brjglitening day. but toil the of the nly sweet words and crentle sentences from ery of the even "While under this spacious roof, artist, i'ride.rw--philosophy, religion. theiiLdaugMeiSLif-tJieJrmviLeJcpre- s . " LetTnrtffddfi n d man n ersj rfpro ve; cannot give the new. vitality, which such te. Xoua, Which our friends, win receive as a proof on work re bestows faithful the votary. It That we value their kindness and love. pairs bodily and mental forces like Nature f Fcr the Lxvosmt. : And while wp rejoice that our lot, itself, slowly, Imperceptibly, surely. The DUTY. I to i Imssnt and happy, we may, father and mother who -- can find in their itb no duty o- - lem forgot, daughter such power, and give to her the hf crr ul find sy. Afi" means of using it, may count themselves Although the duties of a wife and mother happy and her the inheritor of a royal herit- - are the highest which a woman is called to B. S. BEPOBTS. N. Y. Tribune." age.fill j and although theinotlier forms the Lchar- Mrs. Esther B. Fletcher, Secretary of the acter of her children, and there is much- LITTLE EABS- .oune oin. w ara, reportsa lieuei need that she be watchful and prayerful,, that bpecial meeting, held on the 25th ult., at which addresses were made by Bishop weThey hear more than we imaeine. and. if she may perform the great duty honorably ; could only stop to consider what crreat although it is said, "rhow me the. women of Hieets and. .'several of the sisters, and a 1 unanimous vote was taken to omit the word listeners, they are, we would be far more a nation, ahd will tell you the character pf cautious than we are some times in the use that nation," referring, perhaps, more par'Female" from the name of the Society. of language. A slang phrase is almost the ticularly to the duties of home; there are first thing a child, who is accustomed to other duties, too, for the women, which do The h meeting of the Senior hearing it when learning to talk, will re- not belong entirely to those who are marand Junior C. B. A , held on the 27th of member and repeat. A careless word or sen- ried; duties of a more public nature Many September, is reported by Secretary Miss M. tence, which nobody would suppose had been of our young ladies are apt to look lightly A. Jenkins, ihe meeting was well attend noticed, will often be pondered over for days upon this matter, and say, "I am too young; en, 'iaim itternaniesumonies-Dorn- er were m at some-critito womenof exrrierHefclongsall thelabor, of a h igh !y impressi ve arid i nstructive char time, perhaps the worst that could be chosen, and consequently all the blessings, of these acier. the innocent lips will repeat it with the thintrs." Youner ladiies- - should muse and most startling effect. Petulant or impatient consider. How is experience to be gained, SCHOOLS FOB GIBLS. words, coming thus second-hanwhen except by trying? and the soonerwe begin least expected, from inexperienced lips, to learn, the more experience we w ill gain. tell more than simply that it is a propensity It belongs to the duties of young ladies to It is hardly possible to over of human nature to up chaff instead of attend Belief and Betrenchnient Society estimate the effect which a woman teacher wheat. They seem pick to bear witness that pa meetings; to speak and encourage each with any . personal .magnetism can exert up-- rents are not alwayi guard etl in : their 'ex other: to visit the sickj administer" tothe on ner scnoiars. jve have known young pressions; that they do not exercise that wants of the poor, and many ther things girls in convents to kneel and kiss the careful control over their own tongues that that be mentioned. Yet great remissground where the shadow of some favorite is necessary in order to teach the little folks ness might U manifested by young women, and bister Agnes or Baptista had fallen. A correctness in all respects. How shall a pa to these many older ones too, in girl's first love is, in fact, usually a woman; rent reprove a child for repeating his or her duties. One of the bestattending ways to cultivate a and in tins case the mystery and sanctity own to desire be useful is to cease novel reading, expressions; of a vow and consecrated trarh were added Once, a mother was busy. at. the kitchen and, instead, to read papers published by to the charm, tho absurd enthusiam of this table, making pastry. "Go away child!" our own people, and all good books. By nrsi oiinu oenei. in consequence of this she had repeated a number of times to a we will find our desire to be useful impressibility, the girl is educated not by troublesome girl of four years old. who per increasing; and as our usefulness increases lx)oks so much as by the atmosphere of the sisted in how were our done questioning things happiness will increase also. nomo or school and the two or three salient and were done so. The little lips why they Many may be deterred from engaging in examples of human nature, after which -- or would not be silent for-- - more than half a these things by a fear of what "people" will opposed to which she models herself. In minute after the injunction e, and but if they will go forth, trusting in choosing a school for the innocent little irirl the mother became impatient, and thus say; arid fearless of what God, be said, the who heretofore has ruled absolutely over vent to her feelings: "I voice or scandaMviIl soon may thoughtlessly gave be li ushed.i ncr Kingdom oi iatners, mothers and broth aomtUKe you!-o- u are all the time There isTi rettingc . .. . glorious future awaitincr the" er.?rit is ;tlii3 more subtle, ineffaceable in the way and teasing about things that are people called and all who icacjiing tnat nouldJ)C taken into account, none or your business! Now cro and sit down are found in the path of duty will, rather than the If she come and stop your - noise!"' Sometime after- ere constantly be like the long, back to them skilled in chopping logic and wisejiirgin, when the ward, she happened to notice the cnild sit- - cry of "Behold the bridegroom cometh go impregnable in dates and theories, what ting in one corner, cryinor as though her to out meet him," is ye and they will will it matter if the delicate bloom, tlie in little heart was broken. She enquired the be prepared to go, whileheard; those who have natohigh breeding which simplicity and cause, and lound it wa3 only that the child been be will likened to ihe foolnegligent, iruuuuincFS gave her, be lost in loud and ieit it such a terrible thincr to be unloved ish virgins, and it w ill be said to them. last vulgarity and fashionable deceit? Lat her mother. Who would have thought know ynu not" Let us by then, my sisters, he terly. at least in appearance, we nre wisoiv the ears of. so young a child had caucht so and up doing, performing willingly every going back to" the old guarded training - for readily the mother's words, and that the lir . H tn. ' 1 '" that at our hands, that we I'll "Ul fe"1' 3oun? uau enters or trooii tie heart should have irrieved over that por- duty be is required fa wnufis no may prepared to enter upon the higher longer crowd the cars n the tion ofthem which. was really unmeant, but ones that await the faithful. P. A.M. ought lo rejoice that our Jot, Is cest in this beautiful vale; "We . ' . : . : ., bread-winne- -- r, i unladylike-and-inconsidera- , ' " t- - - -r- Kx-ieiy. . -- 4 sixty-sevent- .1 .1 A 1 if J - tJie-mind- -of cal and d, . so-doi- . - Tr was-mad- : . Latter-day-Saint- s; text-book- s. m :l -- -- irll-- . . . ng 