7 - ROMAN'S EXPONENT. HO CSEHOLD HINT& ter. scum rises on the top, and they will keep a long time. Lemon J elly Cake. Two cups of sugar one small cup of butter, one-hacup of sweet milk, twp and one-hacups of flour, four eggs, one teaspoonful of create tartar, one. half teaspoonful of soda. Bake in thin iayersT For the jelly take the juice and rind of three leriibns, or fivVlfsh pound of butter, six eggs; beat together and scald like custard. When cool spread between the cakes. Ice the top. Dead hot for Insects. Strong alum water is a sure death to bugs of, any description. Take two pounds of pulverized or crystal alum, and dissolve in three quarts of boiling water, allowing it to remain over the fire until thoroughly dissolved. Apply; while hof,wif h syringe to force the liquid into the cracks of the walls or bedstead. The pulverized alum is worth about iiQ cents pound and that in crystal from 15 to 20 a cheap remedy. ( JSTo a parent EATING.T-Whene- ver lf sees a child come to the breakfast-table- , nib- blc-en go away, th ere is sol id little, th for ground, apprehension of conning ill in some form or other. This want of appetite for breakfast may come oh very slowly pit may be weess before it is decided enough to be marked.; so much the worse for the child. because greater will be the difficulty in right lf a one-quart- ing things. If children are going to school, eating should be made compulsory, or brain disease will follow, sooner or later, for the- brain must bo nourished, or restless sleep follows, and in its train dreams, nervousness, cold - fe'etaBtt-'iiandspwitlreeverirue.ljlttt- All school children should have plenty of good wholesome food for breakfast and din ner, with all the fruit and berries they can if not these, then ; get afterwards as - desert; ndnaesertOlTT- er yThelatter-requires- a little-longer-rtime- -to dissolve. Of course an experiment to verify the claim above made, can be mad o by applying a" mere fraction of the quantities above named. A less perfect cure forinseet pests is to scatter the powdered alum freely in places where they abide. Powdered borax, scattered thinly wThere Croton bugs and cockroaches travel or abide, will expel them at once. It is a sure expulsion for the Croton insect. Almost all strong saline solutions are efficacious in the destruction of these house hold pests, which are both destructive and annoying, and the mixture of alum or any other material need not necessarily be hot. nibbling is to begirriwith a Supper jof breadjmd butter, ahd no enp of not miiK ana water, and, nothing else; allow not an atom of anything to be eaten between meals, and compel them to be in bed by nine o'clock. Within a week a hearty breakfast will be the result, with an increasing vivacity, activity, life and enjoyment. "Chris"" tian Weekly." "7TT The house will be kept in continual turmoil when there is no toleration of each other's feelings, no meek submission to injuries, and no soft answer to turn awTay wrath. If you lay a single stick of wTood in the grate, and apply fire to it, it will go out; put on another stick, and they will burn; arid a half a dozen and you will have an effec-tiv- e er blaze. There fires subj ect to same condition. If one member of a the "family gets into a passion, and is left alone, he will cool down, and possibly be ashamed remedjrmeal-tim- e .'. TO TEACHERS. are-oth- The following hints which may bo prof itable to many young teachers, and scholars, also, for they should be as suggestive to the , nd repent But oppose-temp-er toteinper, let one harsh answer be followed by another, "American Journal of Education." and there will soon be a blaze which will Take care of your health. By this is in its them not meant only avoidance of severe colds, enwrap burning heat. every person will be careful here, nor What Consumptives Need. The latt for Dr. Marshall Hall, of England, said: "If I caution against dangerous and contagious were seriously ill of consumption, I would diseases. It. is .the "little foxes that spoil the live out doors day and night, except in rainy iatter-as-toheorin-er , vlnes.iLlt Js the lUtleirreteriUesthat wetheror isidrwin in an unpiastered loghouse. Physic has no nutriment, gasping for air cannot cure you," -monkey capers in a gymnasium cannot cure you. What consumptives want, is air, not air plenty physic pure air, not medicated " of meat and bread." How to Ibo Pasts, Coats, etc. Pants can be made. toTook very nicely after washing them by brushing clear from all particles of lint, turn wrong sido out, press all the warns witha hot flat over a press-boarturn baclc to the right side, wet a piece of white muslin iti clear water, rinsing out, spread over a portion of the pants (which have previously been folded smoothly), iron over the" muslin until completely "dry, remove, wet again, put over a new place and iron again; do this until tho . whole .surface has been gone over. Green Tomato Pickles.- - To every gallon of sliced tomatoes add two tablespoons-fu- l of salt, and let them stand over night. Do riot pouroff the liquor, but add s of a pound of sugar, one pint grated horseradish, two tablespoonsiul of mustard. Put a weight on the top and set near the Are or in a warm place until-th- ey become sour, when they should be kept 'in a cool place. The juice of the tomatoes forms the vinegar, and if some are partly ripe it is all the bet interfere with the success of teacher or pupil..., . d, . two-third- v Improper food, imprDper times or quanti ties, resulting in dyspepsia or any form of indigestion, will prevent clearness of men tal activity and success in any study. If every member of school or college bad at the 6tart a good , knowledge of 'himself hygenically, so as to guard against constitu; tional ailments, half the labor.' In getting an education would already be accomplished. "Do not worry!" It is easier to sy this than it was for the writer to practice it . -- : when he first taught school! " Night after night was passed without sleep; visions, before the morbidly excited and repass, as .the battl es brain, would-pasof , the school room" Were fought over again. The result was bad on teacher and scholars. And yet there is no royal road to in this respect. One suggestion, however: The teacher should have good cheerful company out of school hours, and not shut himself up like a hermit to brood over troubles! Take outdoor exercise; go among the- - people; visit the homes of the pupils; tcek congenial society at all events, and have faith in yourself and your God, and troubles of thij kind will vanish. s self-contr- . . ol For the I Exoa k t. SING TO THE BABIES. " Children ; S3 A. Sing to the babies! lay upon the cool pili lows or cuddle them; tenderly upon your breast, and sing soft and low the gentle strains which Khali linger in the soul, when child hood, w ith all its a ppeal ing help! ess- n ess. i ts.confldinir innocence, its s wee won derment at seeming vast n ess of the opening life which in youthful eyes looks so alluring,, -- 1 - t has flown forever. it - When all that seemed so desirable has come to appear as worthless clay, when carewhat untold sweetworn and world-wearness is in the memory of tho songs which 1 u lied to sleep in infancy wh e n mother hung over the cradle with eyes filled with celes- , y, tlaleernes softness that baby grief iled far-. soothing a, way and earth seemed a veritable paradise.Whenlthe fsun sets and - languid twilight makes little eyelids heavy, and the day's wearied tho pattering unceasing activity-ha- s feet, then all other matters should, if possible, be laid aside, and mother should be able to give her entire attention to the children. Lave the tired limbs in tepid watery robe in fold the little hands lovsleeping-garmentingly and teach the lisping voice to give thanks to God, or confess the little indiscretions. Do not fail to teach the little one to pray, for, were there truly no tender angels, no kind Heavenly Father to 1 isten, prayer, the utterance of his owrn peculiar and personal needs and aspirations, sets tho child face to face with himself, and is one great step toward thealWmportantand-oft-repeat-ed lesson, "Know Thyself." Then sing in the spirit oif thanksgiving and meekness and the child, sinking to sleep in so holy and peaceful an atmosphere will imbibe a reverence" for the Creator, a purity of soul which all the yaried scenes of after life can never wholly obliterate. Even vice and misery cannot drown the sweet influence which, under such circumstances, will be the pearl to redeem the miro of a mistaken life; and in the happiest conditions a rhemdry so sweet that wealth and fame could not buy it It will bear with it, for mother's sake, a deeper tenderness and respect for woman-kina firmer trust in Divine Providence, than years of studyand, oUseryatiomi.::And Oh, the lonely Infant hearts cheered, the doubting onea comforted, the rebellious ones soothed by being folded close in mother's loving embraco and listening to tho low L. L. D. music of her voice! I s, i . d, 7 Knowledge of Common Things. Car-ly- le laments that when he was a boy he had no, teacher to instruct him as" to" the nature and qualities of the things about him, such to talk as trees, rocks, grasses, water to him about the stars, and show him about the constellations, etc. That lamentation Is one very many, havo to make. Indeed, wo sometimes think that education to begin somewhat at the other end ought -be -- taught of it That-iearlier of the -- things that are nearestt0-u- s Here is tho ground wo tread on, and tho. dust we kick up when wo walk; Whit child, yes, or what man, can tell us of what it consists, where it comas from, or how made? ; The grass, we walk over, tho stones which boys throw at thegeuse, what do they know of tlio substance of these stones? These are the last - things we learn;- - Ought not; this method to be reversed? Should we not le irn, first of all, about tho thing which are right under our eyes, and under our ,. ieet? - s, that-we-sho- uld ! 