EXPONENT "WOMAN'S 42 t Fo r th e Ex roxts r. held in the ,r Fourth --Ward Relief . Society Room. Sister Howard gave excellent inlife. She exhorted structions on e very-da- y the sisters to diligence, obedience and faithfulness, said they should always prae-tic- e what they taught, that they migh t gain" and retain confi3eriinoachT6!lurrShcr d esi red all to su bscri bo for t lie JOxrox kxt, the merits of which she'extolled elaborately. Advised them to hoiior and obey the order of plural marriage. President 3Irs. Mary Godsali expressed satisfaction with what Had been said felt thaOhe had been edR fled j every thing' could' not or Was in one day: there an endless Of be learned,-an- d lessons to, each variety i e. t some t vemen be mud mpro migh day She considered extravagance and waste a great sin, and that children - trained to economize and not use" that wh ich was un necessary, were a credit to their parents. A I3EIDE. thou enters, sweetest maid untried ways of light and shade. -Itope beckons on; fear eaj s Beyrare," But love ennerveatby foul to dare 1 he vague alarms, the sigha'arui tears That thiekly throng the comir g yeais. To-da-y -- On. . Thy fair calm forehead, 'math thy vail, . And thought's fair impress, gleameth pale. Thy deep, prophetic eves look forth To days which yet have not their birth, And jetm too scan theyears to bo, With all that they ihall bring to thto. -Zi b&-se- en Thou seems' t to see the care and pain, SIow pacing in pale sorrow's trail ; Hitter bereavement, black dccoit, fharp thorns spread for thy tender feet. Anxiety's keen dagger-thrutliopo turned to ashei atd to dust! , t, - for thou cans't see m joys store for tin ; hyMiTfiltsiot, i no Heavenly JU U14HJIUU llLtlll V In any snirii-co- n flirt wnn" In heart bowed to hcavca'a will. Though it decrees thto good or ill. 7 ft "Faint iingiog voices call to theo From out tbo fhadowy to be," Which: ITU lliy sfcul with music rare, And promUk swtfct reward for care. I -- AndthallniNing oy I iuuio .tfghi ia by woman'8xdtter "- "'.:f high. in him . fkif.li hopo that ever, side by side two m&y Btand whato'jo betide, ; ' . be in ; Together weal ofcwoo, . M&ko thy pure heait with courage glow. ' 1 .... V"r " And knowing well that good and ill In just proportions, life must lill, , ' Thou asketh not unmingled joy. -- Nor Jiappines3 without alloy, But art content to kiss the rod, Be pure and leave the rest to Cod. i o step,, not swift not slow, Thou givfst all thy girlish : grace, I ho Puintly beauty of thy face, f Ktle heart unsoiled by sin, A J without, all pure within, V Jfssibiiities sofi'rand,-2----'-- Together with tby virgin hand. ' ' 'I '. . . . are-vou- ntr " -- tc-lo- ok d v;7-- r" m'Lf i1" !r - 1 - i - nrfeet: , ' J - : r our-yrgohias-ent i i . ... - arl 13 I'ltJllV. . ... bvK - -- From the 4th AVard, Salt Lake City. Our Mrs. n.l.fUUSiltOUC J M. . may, beupposed to gratify the vanities Saints they would not need to use innorfe, wl,h:,aniost all comely women possess. so paper, but might S4ve at home the means . -,- c' ."Clplcss onea at home are first in her neart, ana lor their sakes she toils from year expended for it. ing the paper used by'the Latter-da- y S. EEPORTS. nus urgamzeu leo. th, 1868. vs ni,iTf-T"- t)JBMi Elizabeth 1!. m-ou- e ' MarrijGodsall " n-- ; May he who wing so no w As proudly wear thyproudly nuptial vow; J.Jo strength to thee when thou art weak And with thee life's high purpose seek : ' . tay. on eternity's bright shore, : i.e twain be one for ever more. Vik Xtj Dalton. ntf. 11'U ICS,. '. " r u V7 ,tu Vray?rful ey and changeless cheek 1 fiou doit m awe thy promise apeak, rvzS re- - sisters of the Fourth AVaid. Tiieysemed iiiiit-- wages lor .laooi 111:111. worncir to Jiave the Spirit - of God, without which j n,,,,.,?., . more girls layimr , iv-;uo, " ur Jiandsonie, iiout? couiu: ucconipiisn ,, e .. II good work's. ii. u ere ti uiunuy inau 8 men truils came, thev were merely admitted bv jmu. . ...i cenr. who savoa Lodfcto purify Ilis Saints, if tliey would so ' Tr.rrot i u r IrI sent loii"r since, a del ica V n h them, umn . the "Word receiye t, fl,... me pay passage of WisdoniV as bein- a irreat triaLtasonieJ f lllr To letleaanc to uesired fanil, hr.r 1,,1 m,.,. r.4u and earn a home. irl-t(Irss plajnly aml neatly was in accordance ((,VIV ,,nfn - Said , I lady to the - f,,u11 tI,e wHMicr tas was not diflicult yUf r!)U,er, CUn 0r lor her Jtokoop out of the meshes of mshion. J, So far as known, and realized by her, Jhe principles of the Gospel were all correct and U m"' never iy Vrother beautiful. Polygamy mijrht prove a trial to .uf.as asV as.h.e ea"w; alll "Ll lier, that she ,had liot tested, but meant to u"nkin- - a,ul un" V hold herself iii readiness for trials should i r " ,y', I ain filling to tliey come, and feeling God's approval ie 5" f the should W.abfe to pass whateveVlIe might require of her, She felt grieved to see "Do you share your Avages with them all manv of thn vnnn, v, ;home marrying outsiders ...of .whom;ihey-ne- w '"!? am 1 nbthiifg but that they wore fine appearances. three onf;I earn"cvery than monthmore half Whatever.good arrindividual miht do. tor your orotner ever send any?". the Kingdom of God, the reward would be ot 1?uc?1; 0nee twice since I came to tliat individualrnone need fear that in . ten self was to be doing . general , good, . a ara i j iini . vvmo. onfft rvvilr j lha uiuj oaiu Hiij iu t...!l,l uuim up sen was 10 "Are you not afraid if another brother work faithfully for the Lord who was the Master of all flesh and to whom the earth comes to this country, he will follow the his older brother, and become and the fulness thereof belonged. And example of likewise, the falling away from the' faith hv improvident and addicted to drinking?" 'Sometimes that Tea troubles"".me, but I individuals caused individual injury but believe he will do better, for he was always could not stop the progress of the Tvino-flnNo one should consider -- the saving of rags. a wiser boy." Thegirrisfeavelmd uusoi writing paper, letters and nnvelmw $ie - ' oW A". ljurftues nerutities, and denies herseif adorn- too small work to be attend imI . zr11 .' - W inat iileii uie:-la- ct V' Ja such holy hush - lj.tiJ! 7T - " rt tc, tfloughtful e'en to blusb h : SearS the nuptial alter go. pwt. thee About broo w-!VK- , T Tho hour ia spent thy girlhood's knoll Is tolled, as by a passiug boll. Tby bridegoom comes, with eve5 ' "To Ifiad thee to thy destiny. joyous With smile half sad but wholJy'gweet Thou tumest thy heart's lord to greet ; A NOBLE G1IIL. S? ' . Withgracef ul Meeting adjourned adSvas ,liSnn,sca singing, and benediHlnn hv GodsaH v -- . viiv.jiiiun.m.-viiii- " i vr. iiuiuv.1 ir-in- o o u ..ini1r iun tti nii lmeV Ilei. jiunuuuu. :u,m"v can ' HIK1 TliO U' cna TWf,if ArJL,lung do is to remain single. unle. si,e m . " Kovember jst 1870, Mrs. Louisa wherein we hold our i" ?enses with rum, oi their wages..' m and Mrs. Ellen signed fW!n , U"u:,11 L. " 1U4 me . unou." "jum our ward since our ituuviug U1?c"aecu Jlcr duties faith- ir organization, fiiwv -.- vi. uui ioa--, wnen a gwu snowing in the Treasurv she A Kansas City mother lately lloed ncai cr'"poor a trr,and Mi,s V.rv , herTnTmTitnn v n was.ftfiecieu as "'"fjiiiv i and sustained hv.r iinnn!mm,d 7 Mrs. A. E. Neal tiio Society assembled. reports a, mectiiiK lield in , ;,T" t a very .small lnv ,oii 11.027 1 el9tb f Society, but ,hose eem him one day for .some .ll 1011 united hi seeking to do good. by mlI,,,,hnn, Aot knowing it his father members, and a skirt was hllmi 1 vrs eHoward m and iLouise Lizziwith the cremL eV of Looking, in his mMlQ L, W Greene were present at a up face, Arthur said solemnly, ireeting rayer and singing. MT mother has 'tended to me." .it,. - "c " -- f n;Z 11 w"a Ld w n,.u., ". r" Hiw-j5AiLEYrSeereta- T al,!eir lcrs meetTrw, D-evr- fim,. ed - o ikside whose loffl all else fa dim, Tho v. in-learn- otviuistaiiuii he-touche- thineearjifttiiya iou umien ratturo of the globe, which was received .with marked attention by her hearers. Mrs. S. M. Kim- ball was peculiarly.1 enthusiastic in her re- marks.', and was also listened to with much consideration. Mrs. Z. D. Young was spirited and concise in what she --saidand Mrs. Parker, a lady from Oiuaha, who was vited- to speak, expressed satisfaction and good feelings for the kind treatment she had received (luring her brief associations with some of the people of Salt Lake. tlrrotrglromo parts v-- - ra 1" - " Tho meeting of the Senior and Junior t i vo II e trench me n t Associati 0117 lield Saturday the 2nd irist. , at their usual place of, meeting, was an exceedingly inter esting one. Miss Snow gave a synopsis of a portion at her late iournev to Eurono and Co-ope- ryr L' young-mairA)rmarrMn- -- Wi,T ual .P. . rra mottcrXmlS ; 