130 E XPONEN T. W OMAN'S T our last meetinfr. held oil the 2d inst., at which a vote w&s taken to omit the LONDON. word - "Female" from the name of the whicli was unanimous, Written while President G. A. Smith and rarty, coBSistinj i Society as suggested, i Several brethren were present and gave us 1. A. JSC eu,iert xhiujuj n route" for Palestine, good counsel; a good spirit prevailed. Aye r SNOW. R. , ELIZA. BY hold meeting regularly once a month, which ist pretty well; attended; pur Society is Far. far awy from our dear native land,, all being desirous to assist in combtoe wealth r.imiltab M4 doing good. Accept our best wishes for the With time exoneration in design , success of the "Exponent," which wo read Or superstructure's bold and beauteous form, with great pleasure. With all varieties of strength and charm. . Maria Parkinson, Secretary. arise. columns-stattowers, ely ve Hero mass' the skies: a - a i;f h,; cr?rpa in prpetin crs Cache Co., mlrmfpft'-to- Written for th KxroNENT. ' ' . ' Fine parks and gardens, palaces and ball?, walls, With ecu ptured w r -- V here no expense ia spart-nichep,-frescoe-p- . u XT" time, Hyrum, .January. inted nr toil, to captivate "Wesaawdaewi the eye, ; Woman's Exponent: Editor At her-prospero- us, Sugar House Ward, 13, 1873. January 15th, 1873 : ameetinsr of theRelief Society held --- faith and trust, rather thati to incite and prolong suffering, by speaking words, meant for a consolation, but only .wringing more effectually the heart already tritd. Counselor Mrs. Elizabgth Howard read the letter from Sister E. It. Snow, which appears in this number of the . Exponent, , addressed;to President Mri. Horne and5 self. After which, remarks were made by several members of the Association, and meeting adjourned for two weeks, "Faith" being chosen for the subject to be treated upon at the next meetin Editor Woman's Exponent: - j hold At our monthly meeting, : r : in the to have Lthewom . emme:: uroppeuirom Sarah Gibson presiding, a unanimous, vote the name," ? aecording to"feister bliza K. 1. taken to omit the word" Female' ' fr6m - ww i, 'hif Justice holds his august court; Snow was suggestion, hemfzaiSocieas-moucarrltyiUiianfc: suggested by- Z'Twas then ia sessionrand the. Excheaueroo-r-i ' " . vote. 2 SisteTE7irKiiow In wig and gown -- a grand, imposing view trC: "i'imZv rrtinctnr Palace'1 we resort. s Christina Liljenquist, President. Thn HrmsAnf Lords kDU UOrainon?, mu 5ut not those grave expounders of the law. Our Ward is widely scattered, nevertheless ve do the best we can with our surroundings, fixed our gazo. administenng to - nd 1873. KAYSViLlTan20th, face to face, There are ill ways a few gofaithful sisters There, in "The Prince's Hall." where :Woman's Exponent, Editor on hand who are ready and willing to do all On eilberside. on caved projections Female Relief of the a With features varied as in life's warm blood, At Society, meeting that is required of them. Our President, . Whit- marMe statues, irom iu cupv on December vth of the in held this s. place who could command Mrs. r S.: Gibson, r give us good arid to word was taken the vote a drop last, of eloquencethe feice of mmfl, The. :power May she long: live to mT the u n vmi,.'B octiniPR to bind a the" name of our Society, koifinn ci from "Female" tJJV IUU p:. . . ranvme, WalDole. Fox.j beside whinh wn AnrnVd unanlmOuslv. Jm . 1 a member: of this Church for been . have Pue. Others whorfe 3U,tly JfiDglanas numoers aoout 18 years, and I still desire to do right and be labors has much whose in state, good where 150, repose through V We visited the "Abbey,'' ; faithful to the end. ; The effigies of many good' and great, The poor have- - been been accomplished. With kind wishes for the success of your .f .mUfa'A ria ra well deserving hate. looked wants a measure in and their after we round, - i , paper, I am yours affectionately, Group'd , in I he Poet's Corner," here, AV ith supplied. Fifty dollars have been given to artirtic sculpture irupuioa ww..a. Saraii Wheeler, Secretary. the P. E. Fund, and one hundred dollars for The mem'ries of the mufe's world renown other laudable, purposes. We have two t cnmooAmnnrtmAnisisiiere old. massive stones hundred and twenty-fiv- e Richmond, Jan. 12th, 1873. dollars in the Kays- bones, their mouldering lie Comprize the flooring, i store, and at present, Edtior Woman's Exponent: villa And we with reverential tootstepweau our At regular monthly meeting, held the over one hundred dollars in the Treasury. Above the ashes of the illustrious dead. first Thursday in November, we unanimously are now making an effort to build a We Great London City, mart of wealth and. power, house for the use of the Society. The cellar agreed to drop the word "Feniale" from the Q Home for the wealthy-char- nei lonnv ie owty, according to Sister and foundation walls are already completed. And here mid its boaeted pomp and pride; reside Most of the material for the building is on Eliza R. Snow's suggestion. This report Some faithful Soldiers of s Af-choice spirits whom the watchman care, hand and paid for, and we expect to see has been sent before, but as it ha3 not Br humhle sea rch; found scatter' dhe and there, the walls go up early in the spring. " appeared in the Exponent, I suppose it has 'Like angels visit, few anu lar between, I accordingly send Your valuable paper is much esteemed by not reached you, '' and As patient garden era sep'rate clusters glean, : another. , """ earth's allurements and device ; here. it who those They barter patronize As a society we are doing our best to bless To gain the -- Pearl ' of gratand matchless price, President: A. 3IarY show and Hyde, the honor?, pride And what to them those in trouble, sickness and poverty; of E. Hyde, Secretary. Hellen That perih with their using, here below? . the latter class, thank God but few have Their hopes are high their noble aims extend need of our assistance. Where life and peiice and progress never end; 1 4 Ward Where God's own Kingdom, Time's last knell Assembly Rooms, Your excellent paper is a most welcome visitor in my homeland Jt is 'highly appre Crow ned with the f ifts and powers of endless lives General Retrenchment Meeting, held ciated- - as it seems by many of our sisters. January 18th, 1873, presided --over by Mrs. God bless and prosper you in your noble un - r: - : r Mary I Home. F, R. SOCIETY REPORTS. dertaking. After singing, and prayer by Counselor Sara ir A. Merrilt President. the minutes of D. the Zina Mrs. Weber Young, Co., II arris ville, preceding meeting were read by assistant January 5th, 1873. Ogden, Jan. 20th, 1873. and Miss : Mair, Maggie approved. Secretary, 's Editor Woman Exponent our Society, The minutes of meetings of the Young We forward a brief report of which is in a prosperous condition. We Ladies Retrenchment Associations, of the- Editor Exponent: Since my last account of our Society's have a good organization, and good 'attend- 9th and 1 1th wards, were also read. Presitime. She doings, we have passed its third Anniyer-fel- t ance at our meetings. On account of our dent Mrs. Horrie spoke a short ' well in spirits, but on account of a bad sary; on which occasion the report showed scattered condition we only; meet once a month during the winter season; but the cold Contracted the evening before, was riot the amount received since January 1st,' 182, sisters of the Society are willing to do all able to speak long; thought the, sisters $686:24, and the amoiint disbursed$599:15. Sister R. Canfield, finding the good they can. At a meeting in Decem- should strive to be awake to their duties, Our Treasurer, ber last, a vote was taken to omit the word and be .energetic in. performing the same; her duties too laborious in the Institution, "Female" from the name of the Society, they Should not 'trust to the Lord to do for desired to be released, and tendered herWith our; best them what' H had endowed them with resignation ;. whereupon Sister H. M. Ballariwhich was unanimous. tyne was elected to that office. Sister Josie wishes for the success of your interesting faculties to do for' themselves. conM & Kimball Richards was also chosen assistant Secretary, spoke paper which we' peruse with pleasure' and 'Counselor Mrs. On the 19th of December the Society held from which we gain a great amount of in- cerning sympathy, true and false: When sho was in the midst of afflictions, she did its first meeting in the New City Hall. It struction, and with much respect, we remain ' not waht her friends to tell her how sorry was a time of unusual interest to all yho : '" yours, etc., Mrs. E. Shirtliff, President,. they felt for her, or to utter words of a nature were present. : "Elders Richards, Herrick, calculated'.' tb, draw forth the emotions of Farr, Penrose and Ballantyne met with us MR3. E. Taylor, Secretory. addressed the meeting, giving grief. Which she fyas striving "to overcome; and each she 'considered, such mistaken sympathy, much- excellent instruction and encourage Cache Co. Wellsville, '1 V: J January. Jth,J873. and preferredjwhen shQ saw a friend weighed m'ent, a report of which you have, no doubt, ; TT dowrivlth sorrowyto offer something that read in the-- columns ofthe "Junction." On Editor "Woman's Exponent: I forward a brief synopsis to you of the might serve to strengthen and build up the evening of thesame day the Society had -- . : - valuable-instruction- fu-.w.- tJ-"- ,-: J - 1 1 , , jit-b- ; Co-operati- ve . m tbe-Cros- s w "- - :. " ; . " - : ' - : ' --- ; . . , ' ' . ' . ; " ' ; ; -- -- T ; 