J V03IAN'S EXPONENT. UTAH, A CILT(CONCEnNIXO & QAaIPBELL "DUIINISII YOUR HOMES, PATTERSON, X.;'.'-.)- Dealers in Book?; "Stationery and Newspapers, STATF, ATTORNEY, A AX East Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ; POLITICIAN Oi1 FOKTV YEARS STANDIXCJ, AV1TIE , " Dear ExroNET: I have been reading the neV concerning the proposed course to be taken at Washing- "my better half you might be amused as I to give you the "chat" in full. i' s m ". II. DINWOODEY, M NorSlrEasrTemple StreeCand No. 75, First - 4 South Street We would respectfully call your attention to the I. AVALLACK JJR. W. II. GROVES, ex- citement against Lytah at Washington? in this City. Also a large assortment of Fine Shoes there's Clagget, and 'Axtell, ? Answer.--Oh- ! ancLWashburne, and Merritt, and a host of of Philadelphia and California make. others that want oliices, or a pull at govern-- ment pap and they think thatJhaprefererice JThe above goodsje will jell atthelowestpossibe will be given to the one who gets off the ' " price. most gas. DUNFOItD Ar SONS, in honest are Don't think Q. you they Salt Lake City. the objections-themake concerning Utah? . '' ',' , also Capes and Collars (separate), that will be found , What is the cause of the (Question. f i Has the best, largest and purest stock f confec fact, that wo have one of the Largest and best Stocks tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies and thinking . to purchase. ; , . r ; was",' I concluded ot Ladies, Misses' and Children's FURS in Set? as ; Colonel, Orders from the country solicited. Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. General Agents for Woman's Exponixt. s PECIAL TO THE LADIES. ton in relation to Utah; and also the reasons attorneys of your given by tho twenty-si- x city. Not being well posted in politics I concluded ,to ask a few questions of the i r-- w ' : Bed-roo- J San Bernardino, 5Cala., ; j would advise tho Ladies who want to buy fln Parlor and Sets of furniture to call and examine the immense stock kept by '') KX-UNIT- Feb26tli, 1873. ; ;;. i'i .H I i "'.r!s iiiiDEKTIBTa..--- : Office Second South Slreetj Three doors Vest of Great VVeslern Hotel, half a block east of Elenhant i itore, Salt Lake City. -- . UthcA Hours from 9a.ni. to a puia. , , AVOLVN'S EXPONENT., . : A UTAH LADIES' JOuitNAIi., :i . The women of Utah which a occupy position attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women everywhere. They are engaged1 (in tho prac"AT- Well, we election about tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral politicians, . . M. I. . times, don't earo anything about u man's Z problems of the age, and a gowerfuHnterest is manimorals if we can only get his support. fested throughout the United sffisjand, it may be Goods Department. Dry .; attnr-:x . Don't the twenty-siQ. you think said, the entire civilized world, to learn from reliable ' for cause had Salt at Lake sources the views honestly entertained by them on neys good City To meet the demand of an increasing business we did? the course : - , - to-d- ay y C .Retail . " taking they A. I Don't know any of thembut Appleby, ami I can't think he had any just have added an essential addition to our cause for signing such an instrument.1 The' most of the others, I suppose', are floating R E.T A I L It O ( 31, " ad ven hirers, and you :k now ho v it is wi th : wo attorneys. "If business doesn't come to wherein the most economical buyer can be suited. us, we go to business." Q. liut don't you think they had some It is our highest ambition to suit our various visitants cause for objecting to woman suffrage? A. I think I could find five women in and pun liters, and to display our varied fabrics Utah that know more of the rights of v parties than the whole of them. regardless of purchase. is Q. What your opinion in regard to the case of Judge McKean? This department aims to suit the demands of all nave exam men mm At l 'ins read them to some of the mostruling able attor- whether in neys in California; and we were of the - resign or be im- " DOMESTIC OH FANCY nHESS COOUS, opinion that he should ' : .;'- " ? : . - ; Wiat "course Q.! would you have taken, 1 had you been defendmg in his court? A. It is hard to make points before a Judge that is prejudiced, but I think' I should have plead in bar President Polks's contractand President Buchanan's pardon; i Q.f What bargain did President' 'TolW make? Heeonti A7 -- .;';;: !"(; ," : k j ion. ,.it'Z ; ' . ' . .. , , What did lie niean )y. i ' ' .; )ccuiar? r 1 . I A. 'lolycarav. I suimoso. ' Q. What was President Buchanan's i: .,v,r.:.ii-pardon? "Tf: nj.r: for 'all ?Ust offences j A;; Porgivene ' - i I . , ! against the United SMte;i ' ! ? 1 s p Did thdMormbn.s accept' the terms? , ; A. They tliU, and tho neotiatioii'asbe tween the Mormons and Ren. MoOiillough and Governor Powell, Uhiteil Stits . Com- a .vmitn ..:';; t Q. -- 4 . Q.; 1. What, course do you think Jre.itlen( rant will take in regard to Utah? A. I think the President has, too, much I ! r , ajr vbuuioi : coininon seie to :be, inHijcnced hy trickster or rcligibiia iuaties. ; '? . This 'last question put a'stop to the ehati for the Colonel was a strong supporter of good 11 , ..;,V-i-- i Grant in the Iakt election.; V :,--y- : yf iiU miinyifiliok for .your success, I !(k Miknie.' feign myself your ifrieW(,lf:' t j . For these reasons, and that women inay "help' each other by the diffusion of knowledge and Information possessed by many and suitable toall the publication of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, oontivllcd hy And edited by Utah ladies)' has:been v commenced. The aim of this 'journal will be to discuss' every ; Duujccb lubcresuag anu vamnoie vo women, xiwui contain a brief and graphic summary of current news local and general, household hints; educational mateither by the yard or piece. ters, articles on health and dress, correspondence, H. B. CLAWSON, Sup't. editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its columns and miscellaneous reading, 't i ' .: , NEW CLUB RATES, It will aim1 to defend the right," inculcato pound principles, and disseminate meful knowledge. : r i Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the Utah, in it Female Relief Societies, has the bet of organized benevolent institution of the age; yet, but part of the Publishers to increase the circulation; edneels the fromdUa in aid and little is known of the th IiposiKT labors of these an it iii Societies. its by truly In making Womis's publication, tcmplated Exposkst a department sus of the of woolen views of the Utah, will be devoted to reports of their meeting and, other exponent tained by them, read by them, and; its columns matter? pf interest connectf d jWitlL.theif workings ; enrichel,with a widely circulated expression of their and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the thoughts, veaffer.the. following terms to club?, so as various Focieties throughout the Territory are re to prepare for. Increasing the value and importance of quested to furnish commumcaUonswbjch,will receive ' the paper with the pegmmng of the ' next ,voluraef due attpntion.:!-- . i j qt;L Allss Kliza.U Snow, President of thVentire Female which a larger subscription list will enable us to do Bel ief Societies, cordially approves of the journal, 10 copies, I yrar, with a copy to the getter -and will be a contributor to it as she has ieisure from up of the club J, X to the a . her numerous duties. 15 copies. year, iih getter; "-- cdpy -00 " up of the club f; W o.vans jExponkxt. will , .be published .sem2f) copied,' 1 yeari with a copy to tho getter imonthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. Tip of the club and a' framed steel engraT.The following low rates will place ii' within the Brigbam ingr'12xl0 inches, of President GO -34 00 reach of all, and the' hope is that it may' be .made so $2 youngr selling-priceto i'ear.tVith'ia the valuable that it "will be found in every family in no"copies.l getter copy a ana am ; uporii ciuD, superior trooi, Utah;fteel iigraving of President 'Brigbam . ...!;'";: TERMS, Strictly in Adrance : ...Youn.' handsomely.. framcdt selling; 1 Copy one year, ;;;$i00 1 1.00 . M Copy eix jnonths, 48.00 10 Copies n year, ijcw 10 Copies n months, .U) price Clubs can be cemmenced at any. time: and addi- Xo suUcriptlon rtceived for less thansi months. first list, of names has tiond can be made afler the is earnestly desired that the Bisbops, President ' ' : " T: sent.5J :i ofIt"Female bon Kelief Societies nd others interested in a letter at the Jlcmev can be remitted by registered ' " work of thia kind,' will interest themselves irt'gettfng risk of the publishers. ;; the We hope ladies throughout Territory, especial- up clubs ; ten copies for the price of nirio? ' ' ' Secretaries of Belief Societies1 and Presidents ly the Address all 'communications and subscriptions, will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will xpojrENT,1Salt' Lake Ci'y, themselves agents for the extension of the Publishers Wotf Utan. irculatioatftheExroxrsT. . , :! - 1 I ; 1 glf-sacrifici- agenb that if they furnished a battalion and assisted to take a portion of Callifornia they should select a part of the country and he would protect them' in their peculiar relig-- . , .; r - . They have been grossly mist epresented. through the press, by active enemies who permit jio op'oriu-nit- y to pass of maligning and slandering them ( and with but limited opportunity of appcLalirig-t- o the intelligence and candor of their fellow con n try m en and country women m reply, .( "Who are 'so well able to speak for the women of Utah as the women of Utah themselves? " It is hotter to represent ourselves than1 to W mlsreprtrsented - - peached. ' - - - tiquestions,; ng -- I , , . : ? ; - . 1 , . - f:i' 1 : . $4.. , . l " ;- ": -ri ".. ' , ' " con-stlt- . ute 4 4 ! 