WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 104 ' the burden of many who now find it, hard M RS. II. K, PAINTER, M. D. ELECTRIC PHYSICIAN.' to maintain their place in society. It would ,, lessen the force of temptations . wmcn ouen Electricity administered when cases requre. lead men to barter honesty and honor for Office, East side of Second East Street, one and a half display, i If there was less strife in dress, it blocks south of Theatre, Salt Lake City. , 1 would enable people in moderate circum stances to co more into society. It would II. BARKER M. D., b enable all classes to attend church. It would JJARY Office opposite - Ol- d- Ginitf save valuable time, it would reneve-ou- r means from a serious pressure ana xnus Street. Office hours 10 a. ro. to 8 p. m. enable us to do more for good enterprises. . R. N. Y. JRS. CARPENTER, DRESS FOR FARMERS WIVES. Mrs. S. B. Bruce has recently read a paper before the Washington Grange of Patrons of Husbandry from which we make the fol- lowing extracts: I have "prepared a few suggestions conveying imy own peculiar ideas, honlner that you will bear with me when I have a woman's work to do, and my time is pretty much occupied about my own - household affairs. In the first place, let us dress within our means, and for comfort arid First in i convenience, instead of fashion. Physician and Surgeon, PROVO, order let us dress . the head. Got! 'in his ' infinite wisdom covered tho head with hair, Office at tho Townsend llouse. Room No. 50. on linked We by being congratulate you rEand thejgood book says thatlong hairJs an. iron rail the with jarring, traveling, trading PALDER & CATvELESS, ornament to a woman, and since God's work are periect and no work ot art can compare world. We had ourr reporter's pencil all No. 37, East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. to Directors and Iwithhisllet us; then arrange our natural hair sharnenedrto payriuuiu 1 as Con road M a tasty manrier, Agents for the Arion,Piano3Iason & Hamlin. Organ ourheads-vvithhe- m ; '.Tr or borrowed hair. wctors,. h and "Wilson Shuttle Sewing JIachine. ? . : ; 3in Aq-Jjuta- s Lock-Stitc- NOTE OF INVITATION J' All kinds of Music and EancyJSoods jel5 real account is the present ''style, except for failed to reach reporter, "she says she knows eflit; ornament. Our husbands and brothers wear nothing about the courteous manners, cient labors or eloquent speeches that she a hat that protects their heads and URNISH YOUR HOMES. from the hot rays of the sun in summer, and had ontho end of her pencil, before her fond in winter a fur cap or hat which is both warm hopes of being invited to participate in your. Jarid comfortable to shield them from the cold late celebration were blighted. I. would advise the Ladies who want to buy fine r blasts, while we place upon our heads a cu reporter Sets of furniture to call and j.pola, erroneously called a bonnet or hat, held thinks Exponent ought to pronounce said Parlor and in position by guy ropes and stays, and if officials or or whoever engin- - examine the immense stock kept by wo must we for wish comfort a carry para eerecTthe occasion, ungallant and impolitic; j . sol to protect our heads from the i scorching IL DLNWOODEY, rays of the sun in summer, and in winter, GRATIFYING ,over this cupola, wrap somo extra fixings to to note that when we have a spare V we can At No. 31, East Temple Street, and No. 75, First Keep out ine; coidf wmcn is neitner handy come to your newly linked city, greet friends, or convenient, especially ;wnen the team is sponge our dinner and return home to the South Street meal. waning ior us. un lor tne good, evening days when a bonnet was made to covTIMES CHANGE, er the head, light; and cool for summer, and so do modes of conveyance and mode3 of WALLACK , warm and comfortable for .winter.I could thought," and in the "good time coming" H. Has the best, largest and purest stock of hardly adopt, the quaker styles, yet I think Exponent's reporters will have no occasion in Salt Lako city. "J ust the place for ladies theyare far preferable to the fashions of the zo complain ot, siignts onerca to tne paper 5 I -- semi-official- ' . t - f Bed-room s, , oia-iasn-ion- : ed v " - n inedium between r;isentaehaps the two would suit my taste. J?L f? V " V ui may they representr J to purchase ALT A. --r 11 Alta City was thrown into consternation l BOOIvS ! PEOPLE JN WANT OF gOOKB of the which -Suay evening byfrom acryboard fire, Books iy All Bsiscnis 'or Ljtjcbatuiiib avj V h "vvliiUV7.uur 1J"N was muhd building a Education will find at DVVYER'S BOOK counterfeit deformity by carrying a pack Mo?nCwf. 4Kft flft0 STOKE need t lea than Eastern 1 vLSrKl t I t wiwr iumv;u ur ,Zk iuvu turn ii JJClUiUllUUa Will TUIIli! i tf ii if r ii t'f ".r" t I LswT "b" . I rr .1 a r kwvf,o,if 1(1 4 tents. As soon as tho fire had abated a little An found-' nfrlniir&rtVii?H'T?T-rri-atti rl rv i ererjthing they Prices. Special discounts made to all who purchase. A Splendid Stock on hand. : : ' J J - 1 X . "-- t'jfA - under circumstances that led to the ridicnlousT our i r oi muraer, ana lire to consum- NEWCLUB rBAESr lest He in his vengence may deal with us supposiuon the-mate If we had been born thus TERRIBLE t or our offsprings. DEATH OF A FALLEN MAN AND ; deformed, Oh, what a Determined that nothing shall be Trantin on the pity it Would have WOMAN, f then do for it fashions Dart of the Publisher, to increase the circulation of ,beenl sake? why Awl then again, how much more convenient Captain Hart and Madam Miller. We reflect the Exposxkt and aid in promoting the objects con- , it would- be, if, .when ; a dress Is made, it a moment on tho sad tragedy, and mentally templated in its publication, by making; it truly an wpuld stay made and look well until it is ask, who was Captain 'Hart? He was, in all exponent of theriews of the women of Utah: ius- .Worn out, and how much it would lessen our probability, some fond mother's son, whose tained by ' them, read by them; and its columns labors. And then how much good could be relatives and personal friends mourn his loss enriched with a widely circulated expression of their ant "eploro his untimely and criminal death, thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as .done with ITT the time and means now spent In useless display. My tastes are plain and w no was iuaaam jsillier r toaa to Write, sno to prepare for increasing the value and importance of . . ! :'!! at cousiuer "vyas sl - fallen, degraded, besotted woman, the paper with the beginning of the nexi Volume, sucni an .oimiuu. list- will enable us to do: puffed out concern as you see at the present whose early life was. one of purity, beauty which a larger subscription . . .' tt. time for a dress,f not onlv ridirnlnn uuu uuuii3o. xiur vuraiou ui uiu reason 01 19 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the iif getter fM 113 00 tier accepting a lire or degradation was, that up of the club vulgar. The question arises, What are you to do in her early married life, her husband made 15 copies 1 year, with a copy to ther getter -- witn the . - , 20 00 in style herlthosubject.ofunjust jealousy. We . Up Of the Club gins they want: as others do. I will answer, as the twig cannot admit that any cause could furnish 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy u the celler . or up of the club and a framed steel engray- is oeni so xne tree inclines. justmcation for her lamentable career. : v 12x16 inches, of President Brigham ing, And our under dress, let it be sufflcicntlv -- i . 00 34 00 V .COTTONWOOD KANYON Young, selling price, : warm, as many of the aches and' pains that nas with a to the getter copy Iyear, been scourged with charaeters"orthe SOcopiw, we nave can oo traced to insufficient,' cloth : oi the club, and a superior first prooi, ;t ; up above a until visibe chiss, of. steel scourge President secmsjto engraYing Brigham ing. L,et our shoes bo such as will keen our ble : the You '.' " framed, but handsomely In, the felling' If ig, atmosphere. nought as iees ory and warm; our health depends ' ' "M 43 00 much upon this point. I would recommend devouring element of fire can cleanse Alta, ' price $1 Clubs can be commenced' at any time; and addia thick woolen stocking for winter, and cot- let the ashes, as far as possible bury the re- tions can be made after the first list of names has ton only for summer wcar.t :And, finalfy, let membrance of her past pollutions. We have been senL . ; " at the be remitted can our. whole: apparel be for .comfort and conMoney byi registered letter FRIENDS v ' ', risk of the publishers. venience. Let; there be : a variety in our in Alta and on its hills, and We hope ladies throughout the Territory, cspecial- wardrobe, for variety Is the spice of life, t we look hopefully forsurrounding the dispelling of the ly the President and Secretaries of Belief Societies , These views I would recommend for the Cloud and a return of moral U endeayortoget up clubs, and that they willcon- and finanrLil Islitute themfeiTes agents for the extension of tne following reasoRs;First,. It would lessen sunshine. n tr ttMftker-b- V --- -.-..0 - - , , 1 over-loade- d, ' .... to-dre- W V . ' - I f ss ; , ? - - ; 1 . : ; J - : : ' ; - - - r . ' I 