WOMAN'S r.XrOKKNT, Yasacwmplished.Wore.the-iixpiratiaiu.o- f . , the four weeks." The stranger came for it at the given . Fretk One day asMoiutWuwteaiffiasstaa-i- : ;- " ; Trhitittiedfrciii tie n time; but Mozart was dead. UEFOKM In .... Finally it fHAYLOU famicd .inany times at his toil. OtOZAIvT, ' ; . , , .t, ., . . ... , Street, have a 23pleadiaj Line of LADIES DUES3 GOODS, whih will arrlvot about the First of April, sdecled-b- y in AW Vvrk expmsty (of Mr.-Qut- DKES& CUTLER, EAST TEMPUi Ur this trade. a profound reverie 'he.heard a carrlago .stop at his door. A stranger was annoanccd IvDITOU WOMAN EX1H)N11N'T: As1 an advocate for every principle ad Avho asked ti5 speak with hini.. r Dealers in Book?, Stationery and Newspapers, well dressed; an was He vocated for the good of mankind (and woman aged man, very : of noble imping manners. lie said to the kind,) I wish to say a word upon the already East Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ' i,:,r-.'.r- -Orders from the'eountry solicited. well worn subject of woman's dress. While oomposer: Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. watching tho toilet making of a young lady, come and find you." whose dressing room I was invited into, not General Agents for Womam's Exponent. "The name of this man, if you please?" long since, I could not .withhold thorexcla said Mozart. can our Father bo so merci H. WALLACE mation,"How "He does not wish to be known." ful ! Why are we allowed to live at all, Has the best, largest and purest stock of confec. when we? tamper and trifle with the laws of Very well; what are his wishes?'? t "He has lost a very dear friend, whose nature as .we do?" Yet the young lady tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies memorv will be fbrcverprecious to him. asserted, as nearly all fashiouablo ladies to purchase. - commemorate to her He wishes death, every willrthat the prodigious roll which she wants you fastened aud he solem a service, year, by jipon her head was notiieavy, and to compose a requi eni Jbr; the rccasioin1 that her corsets were not at all tight and Mozart was deeply, impressed by these as we . walked down the street, - it : was " Retail Dry Goods Department. words sicken so solemnly, and by the air of riotthhTgh Seemed to pervade the inter- that Tnade it painful for her; to walk, she mystery-th- at view. He promised to compose the requiem. never was able to walk with any comfort in To moot the demand of an increasing business we Tiie stranger continued: "Put to this work your entire genius, for I have reflected, that the very plainest have added an essential addition to our you compose it for a connoisseur in music" arid neatest costumes worn by American "So much the better,! said Mozart- ladies at the present day might be much want for the do RETAIL- - BOOM, "How much time you improved in comfort and convenience withtask ?" r :TTT v.i:;T V;l.y out detracting from their appearance. nowIf wherein the most economical buyer "can bo euiteil. Fdurweeks.ir " half the weight of clothing that is e weeks. com in for will four I it 'Well, generally worn, suspended from the. hips It is oar highest ambition to suit our yarioua YisltanU What will be your price?" instead of the shoulders as it should be, A". "One hundred d uca ts. " J could be dispensed with, - that would cer- and purchasers, and to display our varied fabrics The stranger counted but the money upon tainly be a great relief. And, again ; I do the table and disappeared. Mozart remained not know of a style of dress in which a regardless of purchase. plunged in deep thought for a few moments, woman can appear respectable on the street then called for pen, ink and paper and if the wind is blowing. We nearly all wear This department aims to suit the demands of all began to write the requiem Notwith&iand-in- g skirts which are so broad and long that they the remonstrances of his wife, he wrought flap and switch about if we happen out whether in upon it night and day. in a storm, and. are not half as becoming or But his body, already feeble, could not convenient as more closely fitting garments DQMESTIC OR FANCY DRESS GOODS, endure this continual strain, and he finally would be. And these common suits are fell tainting at his task. Then he was quite ao great a hinderance in working as in obliged to rest. Several days after, his wife walking. Around the kitchen stove or either by the yard or piece. n. B. CLAWSON, Sup't. sought to divert his mind from its sadness grate, particularly in very busy seasons, earnsome remark. He playful by replied such as washing-dafruit drying and pre': estly: serving time, making soap, etc.; everything "One thing is certain; I am composing is in, the way, and a woman's dress, if she NEW CLUB RATES. my own requiem, it will serve to perpetuate isn't all the while on the look out for it, is my own memory, catching up every: particle of grease and as In proportion he wrought, his strength dirt diminished: from day to day, and the I wish that. some of our sensible leading Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the requiem advanced very slowly. The four ladies, and some of our dressmakers would part of the Publishers, to increase the circulation tf "weeks wereZfinall take it in hands, and appoint a committee, if the EipoHisT and &td in promo returned. necessary, to establish some more suitable in its publication, by making it truly an "It has been impossible forme to keep my and pleasing costumes for the kitchen and tcmplated ; V exponent 61 the views of the women of Utah, susword," said Mozart, sadly. the street than we have at present. "Never mind," said the man, "how much Country Woman. tained by them, read by them, and its columns Tnore timelo you require?" enriched with a widely circulated expression of their "I want four weeks more. The work has . A Younq girl left Lowell, Mass., two thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as : ago, with $o00 in her pocket, and to inspired me with deeper interest than I years prepare for increasing the value and importance of supposed, and.1 have gi ven to it more study went to Kansas and turned farmer. She the paper with the beginnteg of the next volume, ' could sell out her property, this day, for which a than I intended.'? larger subscription list will enable us to do:' : . .; . -:- - i 1 : '. -- 1 . y, i-, . . ttt:: "in mat the price. . your pay." l increase $60,000. A Here are fifty ducats more for case it is right mat In astonishment Mozart asked, "Who are you?" - "That is nothing to the purpose. " I will : ; :: return in four:wceks.,L As tho stranger left the house, Mozart called a servant and requested him to follow this extraordinary man and find out who ho was; but the blundering man soon returned, saying that he could find no trace of him Poor Mozart had conceived the idea that this stranger was no ordinary mortal, butwa3 one of his friends in the immortal world, wnt to warn him of his approaching death. I le applied h imself "wi th redoubled ardor to his requiem, which he regarded as the most enduring monument of his genius. Ho vear. with a cenv to the trailer - . up of the club f 18 00 pound 15 copies', 1 year, with a copy to the getter of cotton, the result of her own unaided up of the club - ' 20 00 from of the the soil 'to.' the 20 copied, 1 year, with a copy to the getter labor, plowing and up of the club and a framed steel engrav- - "' ginning. picking T inrrl2xlG inches, of Preeiieht Tlritrham I" -; z. Young, selling price, 2 60 34 00 SO copies, 1 year, with a "copy to the getter up of the club, and a superior first proof, .. steel engraving of President Brigbam ' Every Family should have a Washing Machine; Young, handsomely framed, selling and there is none better if a) good we truthfully 48 00 price $4 and earnestly consider, having had experience in working and taken pains in observing several kinds4 tions can be made after the first list of names has . as the Tjclzoraph Washing Machihi, which is been sent Money can be remitted by registered letter at the manufactured in this eity, and sold by George God- risk of the publishers. .'.. . . . '. dard; to whom all orders concerning it should be We hope ladies throughout the Territory, especialaddressed, "P. O. Box 474, Salt Lake City." ly the Presidents and Secretaries of Relief Societies We take pleasure in recommending this Machine will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will conto the ladies of Utah, and advise them to prove its stitute themselves agents for the extension 'of the ' circulation ef the Eipoiiist. superiority by purchasing and using it. of thirteen recently brought to girl market at Americus, Ga., a 500 bale 19 coDies. 1 I ' 1 iiouseholi3"7treasu ; ''' 