..t EDITORIAL NOTES. The ovKyixaofn "way miiwhieh liOuisviue describes the effects of the panic on her. ?T j i it t'lt E A pest and most agreeable physic to fre taken by people in general, is just sufficient healthful bodily, exercise A. new ma terial tor laii ies' d rosses is a fabric woverrfrom bamboo mbres.JThat it is "new" will be a sufficient recommend for 3 many. Continued failures in London, caused .by., the financial .disturbance in A merica, -- . ',. - ihmQfawaimc -rdependentjort theiotheR"zziirrzrz:. of The death- j:Mnie Felix, mother of the great Rachel, is announced by Paris newspapers. well, sue nas gone tne way that all must go sooner or later. Three women In Park County, Texas, were recently hanged for horse stealing. That looks like equality of rights, i f male horse thieves only get the same kind of treatment there. It is not, the superior possessions of a man, that; gives him power and influence, but the use he makes of them. Weak minded men often accomplishe more; good than strong ones do. r n 1 lk ballet girl of London recently died from injuries received from her dress catchA recommendation ing fire on the stage. was sent to the manager to provide an additional supply of blankets at the sides of the - zz; stage............. , : .L:vijjjT ., the proper judges as to fitness. A fact that chapel built in the palace park by Queen all. men should be thoroughly convinced of and JPrince Albert. The royal pew, a largo inclosure, is plainly furnished with a, row of stiff chairs upholstered, with blue velvctHer Majesty, Queen Victoria, has the Her Majesty's seat differs from none of the surplus bedding-ou- t plants of her public others, but is placed immediately under a parks and. gardens, distributed among the fine mural tablet to Prince Albert, erected in memory of the best of husbands, "by his working classes and poor inhabitants of broken-hearted London. ALbetter lexainple thanLletting widow, Queen Victoria," them go to waste, or making the: poor folks The "WorAN's Journal" of November pay for themr or takelthe Chance;? of getting 1st says FrrTheew ersey abortion case, them dishonestly. exciting local public, attention, recently, is. Scientific education progressing displays the perils of modern society i n a finely in some of the States. M r. William warning light. A clairvoyant,'.' Mrs. Iretz-le- r near a public school Wheelwright, of Ne wburypor t, "'''Massaclius- -' kept a - candy store er used-h:$2G0,000 inJersey:Ci tyy and t)pportuni t i es ttsIaig - . toajdThlhe esfaT)TishlmTnTriri entific school in that place j ImOrr "no Irdee, bt HaltdriPa7pias!ap amount of half a minion dollars -- for a like purpose. , The world is-- ., i ncreaing steadly in knowledge and in wealth, and cities that do not have scientific schools "will soon be I behind the times. Emily Faithful of England, who a year ago, spentsome time in this country, ascer tainingthe real position of women of America, by personal observation, and inquiry; warns English women. against the belief that the equality of Women has been fully , recog- n i zed here. And asserts the belief that there is still opport unit'' for, honorable rival-- 1 ship in witnessing which country: shall nrst rate woman, wrlc.Wits'true";vaIui5IHs?t fine subjectr and aii" important one, for a nice between England and America, if Miss Faithful's views on it are correct. The Farmer'- - Convention, at: Chicago has adopted some strong resolutions, as the result of its deliberations, of which the fol lowing is the prelude: "The duty of a government is to protect its people. Capital directed by unscrupulous minds reaps the profits of their labor. Men of great wealth revel in luxury, while those who earned the money are destitute of the comforts of 11 "Uu r StateLegislature laws depriving us of purjahd mf which we" have a title from the General Government, for the benefiit of. railroad companies, because it seemed for the public good. Subsidies have been granted them, and Congress has with a lavislFhand given them public lands, the people's inheritance, and the -- A man pays twenty-fiv- e dollars, but here sister-in-laThe, in Utah, for beating his be mom woman thinks the outrage might if t,' the graciously endured for was even of half it, money for the fine, or to her. handed over Tim CiiURCn yard, which eontians the grave of the "Dairyman's daughter," is on the Isle of Wight, msteadr6r'theM"of Man, us appears in the last number of the Exponent. The mistake was noticed too late for correction in that issue. A witty lady got off a good joke recently, on a quack doctor. lie told her that he Imd inade arrangeniejitsTcn- practise to which n In th a nnuntrv: she reV)lied, "T vi--mere IS 'IismI nn rniiH w aytnrtmitL onnressionnitvs'iv unniffiii !huo t much plain truth in the above; and as opinion that you needed practice." resolutions were formed for appeals to be of Red Indians the River, yeah, .irt-Linon u. td '! made to Congress for redress, something of uemuL-iu.atuio, 1.000 bushels of com, o.OOO oi potatoes, or JiOOO tons nay. 2,000 of rutabages, and interesting to those who have marked the white done been by Much better than has so far in different parts judicious course, taken by her 31ajesty Inhabitants i n maiiy portion of during her entire re ignThe latter of the country. the piiragraph , portrays the rcaj d igni ty and ias" a received us triaJ Esk-Tj constancy of.a true woman and Queen, and from in Home, set of costlv jewelry, made is another testimony of her Majesty ?s superHe tnight iiave bestowed ior personal excellence: - "Queen Victoria's thejiug of Italy. such a present on others mori' aipprwiative. place at Osborne is her private property lint kings don'l always seek how they may purchased, by her arid the Prince Consort put their means which is lent them to the some thirty years ago. It contains about of less consebest use, more than-d5,000 acres of wood and farm Iand,and the r ; quence. drives through the parks and views are rarely shown to the . Ji imje WiTtiEY, in the Constitutional charming. It is very and family while in :Coinmission of Michirui, lately urged: that public. Her 3Iajesty mornivomeu should be eligible to any office for Osborne attend service every Sunday which they were fitted, and the peOple.were ing at Whippingham Church, an ugly little w. her-par- T -- " - - -- - wi,if ca, ik-Emp- h o f-- A e pi-opj- i xjfntaet-witliHiggirls-for-th- o- most-im- -- moral i,mrposes. found bu n dl es o f let t ers i n 1 a nswer to an advertisement of hers, most of them from girlsLand ofa.most .''painful .character. "The victim in one i nstaace was the daughter of a printer's widow, and waa. endeavoring" to support the rest of the family by working for the Domestic sewing machine company in New York at $8 per week. Her business was to instruct buyers and agents how to run the machine. The manager of the department in which she worked, Alonzo E. Kimball, is undoubtedly her seducer and responsible for her death. Dr. J. E. Comins of New York has been arrested as the medical felon. We hope the chief criminals will experience all: the severity of the law in its freshest vigor." If there are laws existing, sufficiently, severe, to deal justice to such lawless, diabolical outrages of humanity, it is time that they were put in force., more rigorotisly thair- such instances as that related above. - Woman's Rights in Germany, are, apparently working their way to complete recognition in the most certain and effective manner. We find the following on the subject, in an exchange, which we deem good enough to publish without comment: AtIunichmostofthelerk's4mdj)o.ok.-- , Iteepers i iiilietanks are young and handsome ! I ' j girls (although the latter is not an essential nnnl !fifntinn V At. flin ! rrU'nr rlnnnts munv s are girls. At the ''cafes" of the all the cashiers are of the same sex. The result has been that girls are found, as a general rule more expert irnnejital arithmetic, in figures generally, than themen.-Th- e Germans themselves assert that the reason for the employment of girls is that the young men are too fast; tliat where they don't drink strong liquor (coffee, beer or wine being the extent of their libations), they devote J.ho best part of the day. to cafes and beer s:iloons, playing billiards, chattingj or studying Jhc plates in the numerous ticket-seller- ulusMf(MFpcrs3Jy- -t totally unfit themselves for the of t h enofficc'tiiid- - eou n t i ng-roo- m, staid pu J r-s- and their places are? being filled With girls, who Show a wonderful aptitude for these callings Throughou t Germany, wherever femalese .can l(f employed, they are taken in prefer-'encto young men. If the experiment should have the effect of widening the sphere of Woman's usefulness, and, as be-it ought, shaming young men into better havior, it will be one of the most valuable lessons the decade has tawght." V -- -- j i !8 