W OM tion of hunger, it ha been observed by u man of extraordinary good sense,! is to incite living being to supply the want of their ea rt hly lwdles; and the abatement of this sensation AN'S K.XPO X'JS X T. could be adniincstered for the "living and the dead. "We were plea sed to see q u i teaJ u m be r of earning stone! euttiug, thus, not; only a work, but also acquiring assisting in 1 ojil 'ho-goo- useful occupation-thamay Mietit them 7 generally denotes that suehf want have lxn fV-;;jV'; ivoVr;rf siippliiMl. The satisfying of the appetite so through life. ri,r &G ; pronounced a matter or consideration; cahkkully and silently was the closing but a prudent ierson will observe the mode in portionlof the return trip of Miss "Eliza It: which the appetite is best satisfied, and, at.the Snow conducted, Uiat not until Thursday,' the same time the frame most abundantly! nour-fourtirlay 'after her arrival, when thereturn of oe iur me lauer, ougni to inecuiei oojeci iicr brother, President l)renzo Snow, to was hotieexl in tiie easing. To.;' the temperament, agef and'1 ham Citv. dailv'naiipvak " ' 7u. It... strength of the cater, should the, quantity of inspected bylma food be proportioned; but too great variety, or was again safe at her home iri tliis city; widen other.: tliaiispjaiiv. she reached on Ihe'eVening the ofnday one pmni.uy.aii.i Also sudden enaiigesirom leeliug well, jn;; liss at!now is Iookiiig well, extreme of living to another. If a change is jaiul; rejoices being again in the midst of Latter-daJbe y made required, itjfchould; by degrees, very the: Saints, the people whom she ana toou ,! dniiKf lows. cautiously.? Tne; appetite lor , 4 -- - . t i -- , ; - - - 1 T , " Foin-t- n,ul h : 1 '' " . j ; , couiwofthe'iiorina!telafwiilAvithdMtIoiihltf be of great advantage to inexperienced,- teachers; and, as one of the Institute jntelligent young lady pupils remarked to us, 4It is well for lis to get all the knowledge discipline, and all the true .understanding we cancven if we have no intention of becoming 7 A. f withitsliabilitytoincreaseorbeeomederangetl, i Tin, (Vortoi s should not be held as a regulator for the quan- - ful eager to avail tliemselves of.' such opportunities t i .'. j ii! ior ieveiopiiig rineir imeiieciiuu7TauiMue., Which, until recently, have never been atjbrdcd them. The suggestjoii offered during the w..t SE W I X( i ON UTTOX 8. 13 Tho editor of the U)anbury Xews'', thus ' .vl I I ! .'. .1.. .11.'. ll iaceiiousiy uescriDes;:iiie maie tprocuss ui sewing on a button; our brother editor is " A . ' . . . .' prolxbly a man of experience: jSoinetinies the patient wife scalds; herrriglif Mhd, or runs a sliver, under ;the; hail- off :thq 5yiex - .. n clu tcliesi4 ho--i j iced le n t h e neck , I l .....1 ;ll:r-..H:(.. t. 1 J li? ..li! iniga uuu nuneieu 10 nmeau, many uinieiuues rasvorthZeverso-mushrooming- of cannon Wud K)rgcttht"6 thus be pTeTaftetlIlCfng Jntrtjie. slomach and 6 cracking and roaring f gnn&5and pistols comuie n ces to pu tTon Uh e" (huttoji f V in anything that weakens the body or makes it which Utah loys don't intlulgejn iibwas tliey in the inorningy and from five to heavy or torpid, serves also to unfit the mind were wont to do in dayn gone by, ere they Were always twenty minutes after he ; is - expected to he for proper exercise and exertion. ut temper shown tloAVii the street. 7 He ki vs tlie hut toil exactly 'ho; much. the1inpropriet7;ot waiting.: ance in everything purifies and gives vigor ammunition e unnecessarily. And the concert on the si tejpn tslpredeeesso : . . ' ' I i toeensest and Vivity strengtnen ..UUiepiisrtiw.nieiiio ennanees me love ior vinuous enioymcni, jnay ,weii v""f" "v " the4ruestof-iill-irieii(lslM)r-4t-is-reaIlv-thef- a . 1 v,..iiirK iiwi vi : efl sniritaiul iKwer of true rehgion. nd ifoeor would only listen to and never offend or shght this great friend, there would be but little work ri Hi might occur kli accident, such as the breaking of a limb or the bruising of a ' headr but is not disobedience to the laws of tern nera nee. the most prolific cause of even stich injuries, and in most instances,- the chief occasion of their worst reJ?ults? When the blood r.r-iiti'iw!Afa- I ... .1 one who whished to siend oi eiyieti ine oesi the Aimiverary of American lndeneiKlence iubi- ..for being gratmeci. vvuu!,v,s, ""r lents -naa. f, ample resource - v ' 1D uLyuuiipiiuJiiaiiuiiiw anu anu pcuoiis a r.irmniir v- - ji ; an irou Reamer built for pleasureexcHiotisou real bait i,aKer ana a gentleman ot tins city proposes a: lumve: manufactured one from oegunuug warn iue eiuerpnse; 11 enierea 1IUO' ?VIU ue ,,tw 1,1 l iau' mm "neresiing 10 "IK 1,ul jnore oys 01 suuaoieage Ji,a" "" mmm an(I lncllluxtl!'nHt Kinas wnere eincieiu tradesmen niay ue louna needle through one eye, and draws he thread after, leaving about threeiinches 'of it ticking up jbr JeeWay. himself: "Well, if Avomen douH' have he easiest time I ever see." Then he comes back the other way, and gets .the needle through the eloth well- - enoug himself out, to find the eye, but iu spite of a great deal of jabbing, the needle point per sists in bucking against the solid parts of. that button? and- finally1 when' - he loses patience his fingers ;cateh,4lic a thread and that three inches he had left to hold the button slips through the eye in a twinkling, anil the,' button 1 rolls? leisurely across the floor. He picks it up without a single remark, out of respect for, his "children, and makes another attempt to fasten it. This time when coming hack with the needle , he keeps both the .thread and the hu tf on ilippihg by covering them wj th his thumbs and it is- out of ; regard fbrj that ar part of hini that he in a very careful aud judiceous manner; but eventually losing his philosophyy as the search becomes "mdreatid inofe hopelessjThe' falls to jabbing about in a loose and savage manner and it is" 'just then the needle finds the opening, iaiid: coined upi through the button and part nvay Ulijougtitlie Uhumb Hesf,lo - ; -- : orderetl by intempeninee the pains of any must be more violent and the injury itself more there are niany useful trades which boys of strength and energy vouId do better to. learn t la nge rous for the preceding evi I s comm it ted. and practice, than to grow to be men, -- knowing nothing 'but how to stand bchi nd a counter and HOME AFFAIRS. measure off tape, and ribbon, or perform "sonic other light work, which legitimately belongs Xo leti kr from our correspondent at Beaver to ladies thisi.ue. 1m readers of the Exponent., will, CiviLtZATioN(?; CKEEpy into cur midst in all with us, regret an omission of those ever inl frrm. !imH wnriN si 1miiff welcome and highly entertainingaud suggestive and with whom they walk, talk or how, where . . . . . communications, nnth which we have been so . n-of- ' 1 iwl 1 . n - iIs .. can guard Then'- he down the lays against. The City Council of tute city has jmssed au iuto u gambling hole in that citv; after having things with a few familiar' quotations, laud r ordinance regulating the manufacture and sale been treated to intoxicating drinks by newly presses the injured hand hetween his knees, of spirituous and fermented liquors," which' it is fonued acquaintances, and there victimized and then holds it under his arm, and finally to be hoped, will have tlie partial eflect de- - out of one thouisand dollars "his little fortune, jams it; into his mouth, and all the while he sired in limiting and controlling the traffic and his all, which he had earned after yearsof toil." prances about the floor and calls upon heaven lms i never iou. ireHuvm. uc ui 'liquor i SucU stones usea to appear lit newsnai)ers of and. eartlC to witness A'FTEK long days of excessively warm, dry tue outside world, but were read with little cfrect uccu auyimng uko ii since nie wonu wu and howls, and whistles, and moans weather, came,; courtebusly and cheering!y, by children of Ftah, many of whom gave little created, and sobs. After a while heralms downfand " down urKu this city, a . ; 1 that-ther- e -f- ew-refreshm rain, during the morning of the lltlr uist., between two and three pVlocki", man3y o the inhabitants could have been aware 'of ii though, for the shower was not heavy enough to awaken the sleeping multidues. ; Wokk on, Ihc Temple goes on encouragingly, so we , thought while lately viewing inside the ijlock, the number of busy masons, and the large quantity of granite, ji considerable i)rtion of which was hewn read v for laving in its nlace. It would be gratifying to see all the Saints unitedly and faithfully supporting the energetic efforts .of their leaders to. complete a house whorein all the onliiuuiccs of the holy Gospel on his jrants, and fastens them together anything like the selfishness and impurity puts to his business 1 with a and goes stick, vhichlexists uioiicartlKJutl'civilization (!)" a-- :; ' ed man." lias come nearer lionie iiow, and it requires a constant effort to keep its contaminating in- ' Minnons: laid over with gold are reported fluences from overpowering the true structures to): reflect' sixteen times as powerfully as of honor .and integrity. h ordinary piicksil ver ones. ' Ws have been pleased to meet witii a 1111111- -' Am aged couple who had been married her of young teachers"and advanced learners sixty-tw- o years, lately attended a ball in who are in town from different parts of the a lively Newbury port, r (kiss;)? ' and took; ' J :i Terrify rv. ntto.ndincr the Xornml TnHtiit nn.l share in' the festivities. able manage-- 1 Hiss Xpttie Wood has just been selected receiving instruction.? under the " liicut of Professor "rarkr"A portion of the a life member of a Hose Company ' of Schen-ectadyoung-meand "voting women of Ftali. ii is The lovs f that city have the fire gratifying, to' note, are always on hand and j of tnic gallantry ; ; f ; " v. n , 