JIOIISEIIOLI HINTS, ' WOMAN'S. WOltKiN. TlUi Htr-- v w y wv hijliu. GAi;DExi--t- on' juuavc on ? amine on chop Ibc apples finn "DOES HER OWN WORK." syrup of the spgar; add the apples, juice and grated ; rind of three lemons, and a ' few luece of white ginger. Boil it until the j "Does her own work! Does she!" I apfle looks 'clear and yellow; On) no ueard this uttered If! SI" tnnnrirtrr r,nrt uous tone, as if it was a disemro in 1 siivv-ur -vtrue tr:w..ulil--vmps lady.'less worfhV of rospwt than iKosa i ausL put on the fire "a Tew red peuners: t whcTBitth4hehandsin fKisiv lans and i the fumes will prevent all insects from at never know or realize aught so blissful or :; H tacking your meat, v satlstactory as the 'sense,; of real dignity;;; ?riNpow-Box.Plant- e may be success- which is the Happy attendant ' pf honest,' ; fully raised in thesei where only a few are healthful 'labor. And I . could not , help I. more thinking the expression of such feelings ; required for early crops, and are often ' ' convenient than a evinced a selfish; narrow mind, better fitted ! for. almost any other community than ' ours, For the Eipdsr.st.! whose institutions are based upon honbrble EVIL1 OP SLANDER. THE labpr as one of the most essential corner stones. ' i:;;;'v:J-- : There is probably no one thing in which 'Such utterances show the detestable spirit"-o- f the Saints sin so much asl in speakincr evil cate,;which should be foreign to any but of their brethren and sisters, and attending the "vaiq and! ignorant, but which is husica's apron, or the rows of braid on Tom my jiu;Kci, li inc. Kitchen-- floor.: bo not aauyiiwiishwlrtghitenessour husband and his troop or nungij n it; so, just gc tthings in trim for dmncr,and steal the time for some pleasant work in the . no to John's garden every day. Pay regard sly; hint that a lively race with him down through the potato patch, hoe in hand, would do just as well; but coax or hire somebody to spade a little plot of ground, and the work of planting and weeding will, be a penance for numerous physicaLills .A, in your own dooryard might be j ust as . potent, and certain! v less costly, than if prescribed by a physician to be taken on the ionable water cure. hillside, at some-fa- sh Trf7Sro wora and cictiausted toilersrwho, saypi peoples aimrsx:iiie-ioe- t round of houshold "WVve faults in the . never-endin- g enough at --home to mend," classes in our inTdsCheshould : labor, are Jkst losmglliaTbudyancy: wjiich is andweallknowrthis is true. Yet- - how fKak manners andinsrals, bursuch a powerful.ievcr in lifting heavy prone we are to meddle with our nelgh bors, aiid occupationr enter into ;the gra :" "l dens. rrr: r "T' foilihoesire'toulLrthe motes oiifcof iri& up of a characteriilf avomiin is able to their eyes when probably, at the same time, live without actuai herldor so if ' ' is owur beani one -a our tHere in There is she so desires. But to be xtshamed pf work, 7 When I was ouite . A.n$E fob bushes. n bear-imind: our if to wslwuld:aU or ef :a knowledge of 1 how to manage the thing a little girl, I remember paying homage ' an egg 'shell which hung in the cottage brother or sister does wrong we are not the shop; oHtlie1 kitchen or tosneerlat tho.e window of an old lady whom I visited. It onea to put him or her right; that belongs who do work, betrays the presence of a was ornamented with a particular design at onlv to those who aro placed over- them. "fiitsp.'pridp." Were ouw mothers ashamed nothing. T think, onlv the blendiner of And another thine, their faults have noth to: work, or are We ashamed of them because ing to do with us, unless they sin against they did work? It is an honor to any woman, bright colors. This was effected by dyeing us individually. When they do so, it is our any jsocietyv to be able and willing, when the pith of common rushes in various bright colors and glueing them on in rings. Since dutv to tro to them privately and tell them necessity requires it, (to do her own work. 31. It. W. error, instead of going, to those, who then; I have discovered that' very beautiful of their imitations of flowers like the camelia, have no right to know anything about at. EDUCATION OF WOMEN. with tho right spirit we tuberose, etc.; may he made by their skillful If we will do thissure of receiving satisfacuse. Make each petal separately and fasten will be tolerably we should have George W. Curtis thus closed his lecture the center with wax. Once commenced, tion. In all we undertake of God to dictate us; then wo are ori tho education of women: Now, as to you can scarcely fail to make pretty flowers the Spirit certain of doing right; for that Spirit never the question of a collegiate education for if you arc pSttept. women shall - - i - : IIose Geranium. ! leads anyone into- difficulty. The Lord women, it is not proposed thatbut only that show never forsakes us,- it is always we tnat for bc'cempelled to go to collegej If you wish to have your pictures He is they shall have precisely the same opportuto greatest possible advantage, avoid all sake Him when we are unhappy. and willing to pour out nity that men have, if they wish to improve ways ready the or have figures wall paper, figured we are willing to itXi There Is in England at this very day as small and quiet as your taste will allow. blessings upon usv ewhen snoum not warcu ior a' lady lecturing at the Young Women's receive tnem. . "The Beautiful Home." iniauitv. for if we look for evil we will Institute upon domestic questions, such as of One molasses; Snafs. pint Gingeb find it; if in no other way, by mis ""Would you prefer to use an earthen or an certainly one l teaspoon-futwo thirds of a cup of butter; that was meant for iron pot upon your Kitcnen stove v" or "now something construing half-cup sweet of milk; cood. You know there is a woe pronounced would vou lay out ten shillings if you had a of ginger; a small Horsford's of each preparation. one measure those that niake a man an. offender for sick husband and six children too young to upon out. to hour roll Mix well in enough a word. Let us remember what the Savior work?" and "How would you make bread?" cup said. "Whatsoever ye would that men This is precisely the kind of education; the Soft Gingerbread.- - One aiid a halfmilk ; should do to you, do ye even so to them." sooner it becomes universal, the sooner wo n f molasses : two thirds of a cu p of sour ' of! don't think many of us carry tnis out in shall have better food arid better health. We 0Koif win nf 11(111 V. imtfprt nno teasnooriful of the word; for we wouia have bur agricultural fairs' and colleges, and , the true soda; oneJ:easpofui of ginger not like to think Jhat, our fnentis were certainly if it is worth while to teach us how Sweet Sauce (for all -- kinds "of Tud-i!nff- c ;.ritii.infv nnr talk and actions in our to : raise4 wheat it is as wise to: teach us TToif n mm nf hntter: one CUP of are butter and absence. We would think they were both how to convert it into bread. If there wosugar; one cup of milk. Stir the and While unjust and unkind, when at the same time branches of knowledge improper for sugar to a cream; boil the milk, we have scarcely a friend in the world but men to learn or duties unfit to pcform,they h of one in teaspoonfui stir boiling we can find some fault with, and are very will know it a thousand times better than cold a pour little in milk; mixed previously is a good rule never to say men, so give them their choice. If there the milk while ' boiling, over the butter and apt to doinit It , absence that we would be some women i n whom th e love of learna persons thing sugar. be perfectly willing for them to hear. ing extinguishes all other love, then the jiot sour of Two cups d Steadied Pudding. to this rule, it would sphere of that woman is l; If we adhered strictly of two cups milk; two cups of flour; little evil we would ever speak of not the nursery. It may be the library, tno le very small two of molasses; half a cup told them or a fault we would laboratory, the observatory. Not the happiwe if anyone; Steam us strive ness of Romeo and Juliet, but star-eye-d teaspoonfuls of soda; a little salt. as lenient as iK)Ssible. Girls,-lebe . ; j one hour and a quarter. to do right, and be forbearing with each science is her place. Does such a woman five others' weaknesses, and the Lord will bless prove that ienect inxinyoi euucauou uu. Delicate Cake. Thetwowhitesofofwhite u wmiun spheres woman ? On the contrary it has cups us, for lie is tiesirous.iu uiy. eggs beaten to a froth; cup of milk; those whoseek Him with fuU purpose of enabled that woman to perceive exactly "sugar; half a cup of butter; one AVc have left r: ' : what Gotl meant her to do. '. three cups of flour, and one measure each of heart to M. F. the petted slave in the Horsford's preparation mixed well in the vu n 2 y onward : anu lorwaru; flour. tion wun -and the bad idle toy the how sec painted to of one readily It is astonishing Mountain Cake. Two eggs; a cup of l.nhifA we stilt go Ik3 overcome antl good ones Chesterfield and the clubs, and m:iv half cup of a half butter; cup sugar; God lead us to find the true is j sweet milk; two cups of flour; one teaspoon- trrown into by a person whoso mind fully fonvard. woman in the free American home. iu of to mat be made wise, a tea.ixonful auempis half up ful of cream of tartar; so often prove futile, is simply because now in soda. .. A liftle nutmeg and fruit impoves it TiiEiii: are 50,000 i iti e i erm i iieu ' aji a of ArrLE-jAAfricar"- Weigh equal qtiantics .of ; . sugar and good sour apple; pare, core, and courage. - . , - 5 - . j . : , ; : 1 1 ; hot-be- d. sun-bat- h; " , t?stab-rshidg3iIftoo- to-oin- er . " : i ; -r- .. : 'r latepr f -- : - -- - : ; ; . - v.--- CV j corn-starc- , heaven-appointe- corn-mea- t ' '. Greek-househol- re-fo- nn -- gold-hunte- lack-of-resolu- tion M. T rs d, to ( . 