AV) "M A XS K ? iF(,r tholfxlnrXK : ST j Tllli FARMER IS TIIK KIXG Gl MKX. , : ... . j I'O X K I o inr courtesioH wliieli make life so .sweet Such is my ideal of a man, a gentleman, j ,t X "the image of God;"and I would rather FACTS AX D Ik; litox, in less farmer who thinks himself "eomleinriedV proudest monarch that ever sat upon a throne, to farming by lack of ability to do anything And I would teach my son ratther to aim else, I think' the .farmer should have' thejat such a lift as the most blessed under the iw'st headfhearttmd fr it arouses my utmost indignation to hear of j wealthy as a Rothschild,, without this keen , a father selecting those he deems most Jn-- I love of nature and all i are indispchsible to the charcter of telligent of his sons to be educated" for which lawyers, doctors; merchantsetc, and paying my ideal former and kingfrmeu 1" D. of theroiieJunhlnlLsTliilL "He'll have to stay on the. farm; lie's not the capacity toj fill a learned profession." A WORD OX FASHIOX. , J ineinonaF ' Thus they are taughtTthaf little intellect p ? r is requisite for a farmer, and if a young T?IUT.nn wm ;; i seek AJroadeL:fie!d : 'n Pvpvp. man has airrhe jimst iu anML 'Ar for its display, lie thinks he Alshi()I as ther0 ha,i been but, little kaid butcher of men a hero, but a tanner is concerning it of late, and as we consider it (IcTnot mean the farmer one. of the most imnorfrmt. ifp'tri.s.. nprfnininw conf emptibleT red-hand- i ed , lo ad(ptsztB -- no. i ;in.1SAd- graves lass., a niad litis j ; for J Ix one of the shoe factories, at Lynn, ? natunil-excellence- fig ITU'KS. 7 j lace of stone, jsjejrigji scd tablets over v.er-rtyears--!1- the same bench for usjmI ; A nov, aged t Iiirt een vears, commi t ted suicide by hanging himself, in Hchuvlkill County, recently. 4 1? MontevitleiUntguaybeer is said to :T .sell mr one dollar a glassy while sheep cost :: ten cents a piece. A I'LASi i of lightning singed all the hair ofT a man's- - head in Wisconsin latelybut otherwise did him no harm,. : ."7 ?A"N expert thief i n ; Xe w 1 1 atyen, Conn. , stole a quanty of valuable lace from thejflress of a lady, while in church. rj pooriajc eke out a miserable exisianceonl,Q4 tjiffi: On:? worth of real and personal estate. , Three-fo- u . rths of f h e women (f Boston re siierae w to w i their tuah ilitv to h oh 1 on to their 0 ng : ' ; vr--i- i , jiay4f -1 esteem of himself and. his occupation, tTi"rYmi Ztianii nf o'n unh is to heavy, goes without animation directed he L"fyrariieiil quleen," tlmt;has methodical drudgery. "1 re" is no king. I - meanthe-mawhoi chooses to littra fanner human family. How many kind - fathers to and makes a fine art of it; who loves d and husbands-havin debt teethr r- -3 iiaturc,animate watchejdeyelopneiitsof through the extravagance and unwise course tr(lriiianTraateilm loves the smell of the of an imprudent family! We often hear it TtJt is estimated that in :liiris unore tlian 2,000 persons of l)tli sexes make their upturned soilwlib takes unalloyed delight asked, " What shouldjtheJashiojL heri nragsTdT'ETeTuseTin in his subsuintial Inirns, stables, paddocks give the answer of a Prophet, as obtained streets. the and their inmates; who breatlies the dewy from (iodiriMLet neat anil he youtgarjiielits or -- thtrIprofnev-mown A vorx(; wonan from Allegheny, called airrmorning plain and the workmanship of yiour lQ wn could he ish than hav wi th keener rel sip hands.iU3fothers,who call yourselves at ii Tittsburgh book store th e otl er morn1 1 mean adulation. or of thewTne revelry Christians, who . purchase twenty yards of ing for a deck of them new posted kerds; the mail Who has a real paternal love for his material for one dress,, pay twenty dollars -A Louisville woman boutrht a feather tidy: ianesnnd for trimming and twenty-fivoc thirty ioY of cereals, his fruit and ornamental trees, making, do you ever think of the poor in bed the other day and found a shot bag in his gravel walks, his commodious buildings, exery hind, putting up their petitions to it containing four hundred and seventy stock his su)erl horses, their Father, and to your Father and Gbfj, dollars in bank notes. liis thorough-bre- d his superior cows and oxen, his who created all to share in His mercies? The price of gold has not declined in the men. "is of he the fiheeiahl king Oh mockery I No more call yoursel ves fol.markets of the world, although Full of health and vigor, ready to act his lowers of that meek and lowly Lord, the principal the annual product lias increased four-fol- d part in life, thankful to .God for all his bless Redeemer of the world. : Let us question: within , thirty years. ings, he takes large views of life; willingly Has not one woman the same right to introEuropeans are amusing themselves with accords to human and brute all the enjoyment duce a fashion that another has? Does not a 1ook, purporting to give the letters the for which they were created, and never a woman look more intellectual in a plain Grand Duke Alexis received from young solid colored suit than she does dressd in a ladies degenerates into a petty tyrant. while in this countrv, J lis gains are not wrung from the scanty suit iirt black, part white, green and blue? One of the newost rifles submitted to f. purse of widows and orphans toiling for We omitted to mention "retl," whichjis, of him at starvation prices, nor obtained from course, indispensable. Sacred history; in- Thiers jKissesseslha: advantage that the the bursting from some speculative bubble forms us that God created male .''arid female cartridges to suit it can be manufactured : evei on the field of battle. which r fills his coffers just in proportion to erect; and all nations have acknowledged As a gentleman was walking along one of the depletion of others. that any other form than the erect posture for his given to them in their natural Xone are poorer, but all richer the streets in Terre Haute, Ind., the other organization, won from the are success; because his gains is deformity; and historians have ad mi reel day, a wild pigeon flew into his face, breakstill unimpoverished elements and coined in the Indians for their unriirht fiiruresr ing its wing and blacking his eye. c ti the mint of Xature with her own divine Wlieriever IjK&l&MJiS lXKiiitrAnt-?rsic:iiiiHilatetiatyle jjf jtossis He ' takes no man's ITinmilinTrels".. ifie;.taIoririsiurih $2p,000i nd (1 ied at iama ica 1'Ia ins, near money without a. fair equivalent; by the development of the body, and the laws Boston. lie was for man v Years a school his lalor the world is fed and is also of life are observed in regard to dress, you teacher, but didn't xive most of hi-- t monev largely indebted to him for apparel and will see a decided improvement; and what- - !at the business. luxury. He is the ricli foundation on which ever impnivesjmysicauy, will add mentally l KrLrjNcU.r isjlietouched Ly a ent wedr the iiatupaFsuierstructur(restsand so long to refinement, elegance and trengtli. ; ; riclc .woro t ho beautiful as this brotherhood is 'pure, strong, noble, pink iik stockings which her mother wore the combined powers of earth ca nnot overWas "better than a plav : John wliat It at heriwn-weddinthirty-fiv- e " yrtirTago" throw that nation. " Kemble did one night when performing A clock, formerly the property of General He looks up to God, not with guilty fear a favorite part in a country theatre. He but with reverence and love, as to a father had bee n interrupted from t i me to ti me by Washington, was .disposed of at a salo in and a friend from : whom his most secret the crying of a child in the gallery. At r )K)lished elwiiy, richly riiounted with thoughts "need not be hidden. He has a length, angered by this rival performance, ormolu gilt ornaments , robust body which does not detract from, Kemble walked with solemn step to the A Montoomeuv, Mass., couple iu the hut support his mental superiority. He footlights, and addressing the audience in culti vates his intellect as assiduously as he his most: t ragie tones, said 'Lad ies and neighlK)rh)0(l of seventy-liv- e years of age, were in-married the other day at five o'clock does his fields, and uproots evil habits as " gentlemen, unless the play Is stopped, the in the morning. The happy old couple took dustriously as he does weeds and brambles. child cannot iossibly go on.". an early start in order to catch the train As grain, standard fruits and other staples must have his first care in farming, so the The finger of.Galileo is shown under a which lMre them on their wedding tour. "solid acquirements of mind receive first and glass casa in the Florence Museum. A. Grocer died.of inuill-po- x It in Washingr g not withWould ton be a mysterious-lookinbest attention; and as he bit of parch 'the other day, and as no undertaker stands; out the variety of fruits and vegetables, ment; pointing towards heaven, i The hand could be found to attend the' burial: the vines and flowers, neither Would he pass to which it belonged is sujiMsed to have widow, lenig unwilling that the body of over as useless, light and graceful literature, been put to the torture by the Inquisition her huskind should le conveyeI to the music and "dacing; and while making the for ascribing motion to the earth; and grave, in the Hoard of Health ambulance, purchaseil " a hearse specials, paving $240 Stirling' virtue of character his unwavering the finger is now worshiped for having ' therefor. aim, he will never neglect the little charm- - proved the motion. a-- K(: -- to-J- -- n ! e Jbeen-involve- : liv-ing-by;"- jLiWe 1 ' double-headers- ." fencesphi,s-billovy3XTmn- ses e: line-wool- cd J , , - ' imoress-uixm-the- m. ,M. ' r cirn-atTvliTtti- w rt -- g, ." est-I'iiiladelphiiipeihtC . f -- : 