W OMAKS 123 .... As .a colored poy was following a whistle ne met ananeDrmieu nt- Ovro'At - -muiviu- volume ' ual. who, taking umbrage at the boy's musical jollity, gave him a round buffet on the side however, the liquor he was carrying made him top heavy and he was thrown from his feet by the momentum acquired in deliver ing the blow. The boy, half eryingrtookr advantage of the opportunity and repaid in kicks the cuff he had received, taking care, however, to get out of the way before his opponent regained his feet. In his recent talk with Gambetta, Senator Sumner lamented as a oreat defect of France iho vinf. nf sinwro nnrl mt inrml , rplimnti and expressed his opinion that one of the ofthQ-head.Unlucklly;:fo-m- 1 most hnrni fnl thinrrs five man ill a position to influence his PATTERSON flAMPBELL WOMAN'S EXPONENT. v - mt- EXPONENT, Dealers in Books, Stationery and Newspapers, A UTAH SADIES' JOURNAL. East Templo St, Salt Lake City, Utah. Orders from the country solicited. The women of Utah occupy a position which Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries, attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and : General Agents for Woman's Exponent. women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral JOHNSON'S problems of the age, and a powerful interest is manir HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES ! fcsted throughout the United States, and, it may be "Warranted to be Better than the Best Im-- said, the cntiro civilized world, to learn from reliable sources the views honestly entertained by them oa ported, and Give Ample Satisfaction. BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They these questions. hA nnrifv th blond, .stomach and bowels. "i.ney nave , been grossly misiepreseniea wrougn VirWv nd nrinarv ine press, qy active enemies wno permit no opponu i; t, organs. Break ud fevers, strengthen digestion and njiy to pass 01 maligning auu ianaermg weiii , anu of health to faces emaciated. Are with but limited opportunity of appealing to the contem- - tonic, cathartic, stimulant, and soothe, by removing telligcnce and candor of their fellow countrymen and to-d- ay r I lf of Henry IV. ."Paris vau t bein une messedLI cases where cathartics are required, for either sex, for Who are so well able lo speak for the women of the free translation of which is that it is well young or old. Try them fairly, and you will never Utah as the women of Utah themselves ? "It is bet-ter to represent ourselves than ii be misrepresented worth while to - change one's religion and use any more imported pillsT Price 25 cents. : ; Ibyolhersl'become a Catholic instead of a Protestant in ' WT? Tt T Ql V nr UV ... 11 ljL 1 ilimn e rt rizinn ma i n v .r " or inese reasons, ana loaiwomen TrFrT may neip eacn firTrinTffTF 7Tn:irir TKp timfminrl ..'----?-"fr-- iittiVmrsilifvnF "" ' Kiipli 11 0 I king jeputect onozofthebesttthat " 1 I . information ringworm, tetters, cracked or . sore lips hands, etc. possessed by many and suitable to all, the publica"--25 cents tion of Womax's E firlpr in Smntipr'! nnintnn stnifl' 1 1 deep too n Fki nce, and prod ucetl immense rnicrnnfl liifl I T A . nf fhfi RVKtftm. f Commenced. hftnt f lirpnst or nlhpr twirts J ho aim of this journal will be ta discuss every-subj- ect etc. Price 25 cents. Wiikn I was a boy, says a distinguished cuts, wounds, sores, interesting and valuable to women. It will ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, man, my first saving of ten cent pieces, contain a brief and graphic summary of( current news Batu rday afternoon work for summer complaints, cougns, choiics, tootnacne, ana local and general, household hints, educational matearned ills. Price 50 cents. . many other school kept hal f a day Saturday then ters, articles on health and d res?, correspondence, were expended in buying a heifer calf. These medicines are for sale, wholesale and .retail, at editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its Then I worked on, and paid my father a cer ZION'S DRUG STORE, columns and miscellaneous reading. tain sum each month for keeping. When Salt Lake City, and at most of the It will aim to defend the right, inculcate sound stores the calf was one year old I traded it for two throughout the Territory. ' " principles, and dSseniinat-- useful IcnbwledgeViiS" steer calves, and now had to put- in good and If not Utah, in its Female Relief Societies, has the best kept in your stores, ask your merchants to to for their" strong pay keeping; but I send for them. organized benevolent institution of the age ; yet, but all time in these labors of these occupied my spare teaching stores throughout the Territory fur- - little is known of the calves to work in the yoke, and at one year nished on commission, or sold at Tates advantageous,. Societies. In Woman's Exponent a department old they would gee and haw as well as to purchasers. will be deTote! to reporU of their meetings and other old oxen, and my father paid, me for their AGENTS are authorized to refund the money, matters of interest connected with their workings ; use. in leading the team for breaking his two where the medicines do not give satisfaction, and and to tbis end ihe Presidents and Secretaries of the distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense of v;.ft ug Hm,if,tipg throughout the Territory are re-s. Again, I had a piece of the of amount disposed of. questedtofumish communications which will receive ground each year, after I was fourteen, that Fromproprietor of the Laboratory 1 could due attpntion. plant and work on shares; and if I E. J. JOHNSON, Miss Eliza Ii Snow, President of the entire Female wanted help, why I had to give two days of St. Utah. George, Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal, my time to the hired man's one day. I grew and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from WALLACE her numerous duties. . and from the proceeds I dressed as well as will be Woman's Exponent published semiHas the best, largest and purest stock of confecany of the boys at the present time. I always monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. had some time to play, time to read, and now in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies The following low rates will place At within the look back, with love and pleasant thoughts, tionary reach of all, and the hope is that it may be made so to the old farm and thec firm-han- d which to purchase. found in every family in valuable tkat and evil by l tsrcxa tuple. . Jy th sirlAw., I T --T- -- on - W ive i T Co-operat- self-sacrifici- ive ng three-year-old- ohe-twelf- th H. i it-will- ::Jaughtinetojiise: tools, when I neglected to drive vhjpedme z; the team out straight at the end of the furrow in plowing. C. M. L be TERMS, Strictly in Advance : 1 Copy one year, 10 Ciopies one year, 1 C!opy eix months. 10 Copies eix months, SiOii tl.OO Retail. Dry Goods Department. heremenibrance of iny boyhood has always No subscription received for less than six months. iduced me to favor all items of encourageis earnestly desired that the Bishops, Presidents ment at home on the form; and I believe, if We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, ofItFemale Belief Societies and others interested in a it were more generally practiced, we should work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting have more good farmers and less broken-dow- n Fashionable, Dress Goods Suitable for the great va up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine,' merchants or loafing, hanging-on- , g clerks, ready for anything exAddress, all ' communications and subscriptions, riety of our Patrons. cept honorable labor and usefulness. Publishers Woman's Salt Lake 18.00 time-servin- Exponent, Utah. gPECJLVL TO THE LADIES. W'e continue to manufacture the Celebrated DR. W. II. GROVES, We would respectfully call your attention to the SALT LAKE GLOVES. Office Second South Street, Three doors west of Great Western Hotel, half a block east of Elephant Store, Salt Lake City. fact, that we have one of the Largest and best Stocks of Ladies', Misses' and Childrns FUKS in Sets, as , p TJRNISII While we carry a fine stock of. the elegant iabrics Ju in this City. Also a large assortment of Fine Shoes of Philadelphia and California make. of the day, yet the grand staples, such as Domestics, The above goods wo will sell at the lowest possible ZbUNFOlil) Salt Checks, Stripe;, Denim?, est possible figure. & SONS, La kk Citv.. Hours from 9 a.m. to 5 p.ni. Office Children's Ilosicry, Shoes, and Gloves, a specialty. also Capos and Collars (stparate), that will bejbund price. City, - I eta, are offered at the low- II. 1. CLAWSON, Sup't, YOUR HOLIES. I would advise the Ladies who want to buy fin Sets of furniture to call and Parlor and examine the immense 6tock kept by Bed-roo- , At Ho m . 81, South Street. ILDIXWOQDEY, East Temple Street, atd Ho. . ' Firt 