7 : W 0 M A N'S E XPO NE N T. 1G2 ; i ' - - , the Xxpoxent. TFor THE WORLD IS PROGRESSING. ;y' The world science u progresiingl the sunlight of With new luster sparkles And keen, searching intellect wins an alliance. W uh secrets Jong hidden away; Bright genius unfolds new and great combinations Of power to biess and serve man; . , "While muses and graces forsake not their stations Adorning the structure so grand. to-da- I. ! y, "Fear riot little flock, jtis" my good will to A meeting of tho Relief Society of the 10th Ward in.this city, held March Gth, was give you the kingdom." ' uoa bless the right. attended , by Sisters Mary LJIorne, Zina 13. Rosalie E. Driggs. Young, Elizabeth Howard and Louise L. Greene. That branch of the Society appears - . e to bo active and in relation to Salt Lake City, 3Iarch 13th7l87r thimianyesponsibilities'hichihesisters are learning to take upon themselves as Editor Woman's Expgnent:W 17th is wide-awak- Ward The Relief Society of the legitimately belonging to them. The re- doing well, has a sufficiency .for its poor, ports given in concerning, those who are ! The world is progressing 0 womanhood arouse and some to spare. Tho annual; .report, 1 needing assistance, and the general interest thee! which was read on the 6th of February, exhibited in their behalf, showed the sisters Nor in the swift race lWer The great wheelof M :; " 4 ' true spirit of "their calling, and united. in backward. condition financially. So roll them right bravely, eaeh one , On the suggestion of . our President, Mrs. their desires and efforts to do good. In the proud balls of state, at tbe hearthstone so O. Hyde, Hhe Society donated $80; to . .lowly Let your voice for imp rovement be heard, The tenor of spirit manifested at the the Emigration Fund last year. ' At meetStrengthen virtue and honor, disdain things un- -. ing held in December, Secretary Mrs.: Alder general meetings of the Re,., , holy word And-biFemale,,: be dropped trenchment Associations, held oh the "15th . moyed that the tbought soar freo as i"bird.TTr r from the Society, in accordance with tho and 29th 'of March, in the 3 4th Ward Asviews ' of ;Sist6rE. tR; JThejworjdjslproieising whichj was sembly Rooms, showed that retrenchment y I And join in the jubilant strain - a. unanimous vote. At the same f in cooking and In dressTas first Introduced The fetters which bound thee now ; surely: are passed byraeetingiBresident Mrs. Ilyde requested thai i oreaitmg I And"never:shallirathee""agaiu. visiting Gommitteestevisittheir-bloc- ks .A o more- in the- - dust sball thy meek head be was nlsn .vnrmlvniil olinrier; for tlie Portance of trodden: 1 1: 7r ni poor, w;hich. resulted in Jho aonatipnjgf J0 lntelligemlyvindicated. H ; No more shn.ll intnsfirA n'erwliftlmr I Thou shall rise above ignorance, fashbnand'foliy.' in casbV chickens,lies, cakes, groceries, ete. . ",1 - ,1 ' KS-- i. - . ,1 Ann roi cm aa mi vaoim "IT'i 1 aim i'r yt i i;itvT send. us rhpprnii " wa nhiiii in thn suu uuu uur ueeuy xne sisters in nener ueiiiir cuueuieu. uj iwiui..;, ""r stahtial reason glad tlmtit was Christ-- 1 irerts oY'the Relief "Society in - that - settle- The world U progressing! old fabrics of error ",. masV :..::.., v! tk V,; , I meilt. ? M'sJi": 3';' 1' ,: i 'Fall, moldered and crumbling to earth: While structures, far statelier, nobler and fairer. . There are less needy in the ward at xiise piuarea witn power ana wortn. i)resentthan at any time since its orgahiza-tioTHE JOYS OF THE POOR. ajiu rrejuaice wuners neatn ine Diows tnat are anu: in a of exists feeling perfect unity ",: dealt her, , ptJSiit " : , - - ..- . . : ; Co-operati- . K-rl- : . ve ; d jno; '- - ' self-cultu- re ; -- " . I - I : to-b- . ... . e ' ; '. . : t V. 1- . . i -- v : . Tt-'- h, -- S And for power, wild struggling she keeps;I But her terrible sway shall forever be broken Mrs. - - Humanity no longer sleeps , li , and'her Counsel have blessed the A:wo:WWhui?.outsilo nyUe Her: arm. wa3 slender,-hereye ok.w ..;tri.. ..:,i.u - , i-- --t n'-- j S The world is progressing ' yet all is not stainless : natural result. Grim evils yetflourish abroad False teaching, false swearing and falshearted Our'Bishbpand the brethren have decided 7 statesmen, r .r.; .. to build a new meetins house this Spring: Black intrierue.-anblackest of fraud: and have taken active measures towards it, But the world is progressing thank God we're - progressing!, ;r r i : r 7 for which we are thankful; and at a recent . The f ; ;. day of dull torpor ia past; tb help them all that 'lay in llrave hearts and strong hands are their ardor meeting voted neea 1 s ; - 1 77 ': The millions are waking at last expressing;-- - - - our power: for wo have a'dly feft the of a comfortable meeting house in the Ward; and with it,, we feel we- will increase in wealth; botlr as a Ward and as a Society. MRS.tO. Hyde, President, Mrs. G, A. Alder, Secretary. . ;. ; Bkavkk. . . ! ; . v .Lu Daltom". - -- F. R. SOCIETY .REPORTS. . Pleasant Gko,. ' Dear Exponent : 5ui6kFherforeh(d?WgnTandhHeVSot- - da&??"f4, 'it, . withstanding exposure to the sun and. wind. T i, v L" ui atithe.furer theaUoy!;e feng hapBw.o,ita,.Mpf 'W j5 H; end of ww. w ng erwqman,fece,,sl1ovjring .adjust, she "S!,, ...". song: : . . , "Lot me kiss you father, kiss you, Lam very tired of play;' March. 20th, 1873. Editor Woman's Expoxet:- - 1116,11001; . strument in the hands of a boy, apparently about ten' years of age, is leading the infant voices in melting strains of simple 19tii Ward, Salt Lake Gity, February 2Gth, 1873. -- ; ' , Theres sat little Susie oh the wood, the We have been silent so far to the public: Having been rather remiss in forwarding baby on a rude stool near by, while Willie, yet we have been busy at homej trying to you a report qi inis uraiicn 01 ine ivenei j tne eiuest 01, tne tnree, stooa as n leading the promote the interests of our Relief Society, Society wo will endeavor to .offer lone as sinerinff. and on the i other side, the bov which has, in the proper way, d iscard.ed.. a concise; as possible now. During the five playiher the instrument with verv superior portion ouits former appellation rthe word yearsj,the Societyjias been organized, 'the skill. I moved not another step, spoke not "Female.' We lnive plenty of faithful uooauous tin casn umi iiierciuinuise nave a worn. : i scarcely . Dreatneu.. so exnuisite sisters who evince a;spirit! characteristic of amounted to $1,400. Our disbursements was1 the thrill that ran' tlirdush wnoie our noble l callings, v Out Society; is 'in: a are $900, having donated $100 . to the Emi- - being! Listen, angels! i HarkenjuyChildren healthy state financially. By our generosity, gration Fiind, $75 to missioharie, made of earth! r; This is" heaven, though.lt be in a coupled with economy, we have succeeded various other donations "of small amounts." hWel! !A11 in uninr not the slightest in gathering', and saving quite a handsome and usfcd iiieans for the benefit of the poor discord from beginning 'to end: '"not'drie in amount of means which we have: invested of the iWard; ybieh leaVes a balanco on distinct syllable or misplaced accent!- - Now ; ' V in institutions where we have hand of $500 'designed to be, devoted to they have ceased. " a perpetual benefit in;dividensd; r building a hall for the benent'pf hf fkcietyv r Why madam, are thdse "all your child-Ther- e is a unanimity of feeling among We hold oursewing meetings ren?" I asked; and received the following : , uur mumuers 10 assisi in ouiming up ine ana our meetingsMor receiving aonauons replyr- ,5 , i k j God of Kingdom "Yes, ma'am; they are all mine! and ' are well 'attended. We though but few, comparatively, of our don't they sing prettily? Don't you ' think monthly meetings have rendered assistance to many public members meet together, yet the people 'of the poor have their joys as well as the rich? improvements, as well as giving temporal the Ward' donate liberally to sustain; the I go out daily to wash that they may ha vo relief to those in ourtnidst who are needy; Society.' When wo realize ithe' blessing of bread to eat and when I return and hear We are of the opinion that'1 it ; is very khis : great institution.'1-- organized - i ri u r their sweet voices I forget that I am weary ve ;.aro;ied ;.e.!cLaim 'Surely' 'dur for poor.' ( opportune that wo' liayc: !such'h' or"n;ivsj ihfdst, liiu lur wnuo congress anu vainer in neaven caretn Jor ins cniiureni Biit where is their father?" President Grant are devising some means. We have1 declined the ' use of the word "Ah! ma'am, he has wasted his Ilifequeried: in tho no matter how unconstitutional, Against lis "Female," as being superfluous In connection saloon, and we have left him in our as a' people we, tho weaker" portion' of the" with the naiiiO of the Society; We think drinking native country. : .Ho comes hd more Ho ' can for lie noble community, speak boldly very highly of the Exponent and wish it abuse the dear children, nor to humble me Institution with which .we are so closely much'prosperitjv with threats aiid blows; and now we are f interwoven that it Will tike more .wisdom T " "t we are pporv" yours, though happy, ' ' n: Respectfully ' " 'than meii can conceive of to cause tis to fe' ' ' :: A. A. Pratt, President; r.vBetty Pine.. ono iota our of linquish : holy; rcilgion. Itaria W. Wtilcox, Secretary.Salt Lake City, March 1C, 1873. , : ; . I . . T I , , ? 5 Co-operat- f ive 1 1 ,r ; semi-monthl- y, - : . - ; -- i r a mr ' - . c ? m " iiAiujr, . I - . ; i : ' ' ',g:gai,IBBi'" - ' ','"SBSS,B,'"M,lll,ll"MIIMI,l,IIIIIIIBa . : : - , am"lmaHBaatSSlllmS'J ; '' ' "'' ' U - 'U ; .11. v j. I , ' . 