WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 170 enco and., help to bring us conquerors LEFT ALONE AT EIGHTY. through, if we are foithfullo the end. I find in looking over the old accounts-dona- ted to the poor at different times, $1,227, to the Emigrant fund and building of the and Temple,- - $294, to the meeting-hous- e donations of labor $841: total, $2,362. Through the exertions of a few, a great deal BY ALICE BOBBINS. What did you say, dear, breakfast? Somehow I've slept too late; """" You are Very kind, dear Jffie,. Go, tell them not to wait; I'll dre?s as quick as ever I can, old hands tremble eore, AndfPolly, who used to help, dear heart! , Lies t'other side- or - the door, " : , -- ttt Put up the old pipe, deary. I couldn't Bmoko I'm sort o'dazed and frightened, And don't know what to say. , loneeonio in the house, here,: And lonesome out o' door I never knew what lonesome meant,. In all my life, before. It's : 4 The bees humming, the whole day long, And the first June rose has blown, I am eighty, dear Lord, And ' Too old to be left alone! Oh, heart of love ! so Btill and cold, Oh, precious lips I $o white For thelin-- t sad hours in feixty years, You were out of my reach, last night to-da- y, You've cut the flower. You're very kind. She rooted it, last May. It was only aslip;. I pulled the rose, And threw the stem away; But she,fcweet thrifty soul," bent down, at a umner given to President Young and party, much good instruction was given to tho members of the Society and a new interest was awakened which has resulted in many new i memDers oeing aaaea to our numoer, ana a prompt attendance of old members. Wo feel honored in having bur names enrolled in ttoorganizationand desire with our can be accomplished. Sister-Sn- ell worked faithfully for 14 sisters in the moro favored "Norm," to years as president of 1st Ward Society, help build up the Kingdom of God on the. . until sickness in her lamily compelled her earth.' to resign her ofTice. Sister Gay also resigned, on account of age and a large family to From South Cottonwood Ward; wo have attend to, but they are always ready with received the following report: . their good counsel, and to assist when there The Relief Society of this place is in a is a call., Mrs. Letitia A. Davis, (deceased,) flourishing condition, although there are acted as Counselor to sister Gay until her uui icn Limb uiiciiu uui mccuus. xiicic resignation, when sister Davis was called to is a united desire with the sisters who are to the Presidency, which office she filled faithful to aidln honorably until ill health caused her also to of God. At a recent meetimr the word resign. The Spanish fotk. ir. it. oociety "Female" passed into disuse with us in con was reorganized in 1871 into 1st . and 2nd nection with the Society's name, in the President: proper manner Ave liavo additions to our Districts, Mrs. Ruth . Davis, and Mrst J. Warren, Society quite frequently; and have an interTreasurer Mrs. Thirza Counselors, Thurber, est In enterprise in this ward.. of 1st District. Since that time we have We arealmostevcry with your intervery much donated to the poor, emigration and other esting and valuable- pleased paper, which a: good unds $22.:and have in shares, poruou vi uie sisters uiku at present; ana cash arid goods, $13u, A meeting was called ivo wish you prosperity in the enterprise. MaleirilthyaTwhicn Mrs. Jejett Caiioon, President; :y. we disj3ense with the word "Female" in MRS.XUCY3ULLOCK me name oi me oocieiy, wnicn was sccuiiueu Mrs. Eliza Greece and carried. It was also proposed that we Mrs. Ann E. Larrum, Secretary. continue our meetings, and have a meeting Mrs. Francis Litson, Treasurer. in or prayer and testimony every Fast-da- y Your valuable paper is re he afternoon. Influence op a SMiLE.There is noth ceived and appreciated by many. Success ing wnicn makes tiie human race so to it, and every other herald of truth. smile. attractive as a breaks over JV-jpyilliams,- , - , Co-operat- ' And Til.tfld it whprn rIia ft.ond. Dar, maybe the flowers are living," he aaid, " "Asleep, in this bit of wood." ive ; Tseioi jnfel0 I can't rest, deary I can not rest; Let the old man have his will, And wander from porch to garden post The house is so deathly still; "Wander, and long for a sight of the gate She bas left ajar for me W had got so used to each other, dear So used to each other, you jsee. " Sixty years, and so wise and good, She made me a better man, From Providence, , Cache County, we re From the moment I kissed her fair young face, ceive the following: And our lover's lifabegan. Our Society was organized, April 27th, And seven fine boys she has given rue, And out of the seven, not one 8G8. From that time, we have prospered, But the noblest father in all the land a good spirit prevailing among the members. Would be proud to call his son. It is a satisfaction to us dear Lord, I'll be patient, But I feel sore broken up; At eighty years, it's an awesome thing To drain such a bitter cup I know, here's Joseph and John and Hall, And four good men beside, But a hundre Jsoss couldn't be to me Like the woman I made my bride. O, well, ; so un ino; ? to-da- y; II y little Polly; ... bright and fair? So winsome and good and sweet! to know that we may lighten the burdens of our brethren in work. helping la roll forth the Latter-da- y ast year the sisters here donated to help to gather the poor from the nations, in cash, stock and grain, to the amount of $171:50. We have also assisted our brethren towards erecting a fine hall that is being built, and donated means for the benefit of the Sabbath school; have shares in the store, and the wants of the poor among us have been supplied. The teachers visit the members every month and find Out the conditions and feelings, and see that ' none suffer for the common necessaries of life. Co-operat- . She had roses twined in her sunny, hair,: White shoes on her dainty feel; And I. held her hand Was it yesterday Tbat-w?tood up to be wed And No, I remember, I'm eighty And my dear wife, Polly, is dead. e to-da. y; : ive We hold meetings every month, and freF. It. SOCIETY REPORTS. quentlywe have sewing meetings at private houses, making clothes, for the poor. At a Sister Priscilla Evans, Secretary of the meeting held last October, the word was dropped Jrom the name of our Spanish Fork Relief Society, writes as folvote. lows: : Society by a unanimous " The Spanish Fork Relief Society, was ".' MR& lARG ARE? M ATIIEWS,"PreSt. Mrs. Louisa Hammond, V Counselors organized September Hth, 1857, in 4 wards. Mrs. Margaret Fife, f Mrs. Rhoda Snell, President of the first and Mrs. Emily Maddison, Secretary. Mrs. Lucretia Gay, President of the second ward. We have had opportunities in the The following letter comes to hand, from last 1G years of doing much good, in help- and assisting to build up this Mrs. Caroline Aackson, Secretary of the ing the poor,Kingdom. I would especially mention the Relief Society of St. . George, Washington time of the Echo kanyon expedition;- when County: At a meeting in November our branch of among other things, we were called upon for lariats. -- Some of our faithful mothers tiie Relief Society voted to drop the word worked day and night, carding and spin- "Female" as recommended by Sister Eliza ning cattle's hair for that purpose; they R. Snow. During the past winter our lariats. meetings have been well attended, and at made and brought in twenty-tw- o I don't know but some of our daughters our first meeting in January 1873, President would blush to read of such a thing in this Anna L. Ivins suggested to omit work and enlightened age; but, why should they? substitute prayer and testimony as a fitting I consider every trial we pass through in beginning of the New Year, which was ..this Kingdom, if done with an eye single to done, and the spirit of the Lord was made its progress or defence, will give us ex pet manifest in a remarkable manner. "Fe-mal- e" : It bright the rain clouds after a shower, and it enlivens all upon whom it rests. A countenance, ever so stolid and: impassable and hard , often becomes softened, vivacious and charming under the influence of a smile. There is something indescribable about a smile, and a great deal of character is often exhibited in it. - No man or woman with a really bad heart ever possessed an open,smil- ing face, which brought peace and gladness with it; Beware of the man who never smiles, for "the motions of his spirit are as dull as night, and his affections are as dark The smile of tenderness and affection the mother's face greets us upon our entry on the journey of life, and the recol lections of it linfirs swftGtlv in the lipfirt while reason lasts. The smile of encourage ment in distress or sickness, is often worth as Erebus." v.'r:.L;L.i'':v v- - more than money or medicines. - In the domestic t circle it lightens the burden of life, and makes the hardest lot cheerful and endurable. It is the offspring of Hope, and the pledge of amity between friends. A" broad smile was never inspired by. a bitter thought or an uncharitable desire. In the face where smiles prevail, happiness reigns' and a gentle human charity dwells in the A smile is the language of bosom of such. kindness and forbearance, and it emanates nature, only from the soul in harmony with and at peace with all the world. " - X Corn is cheaper than .wood, for fuel in 1 JUWU 11U1U ivllUS. . . That was a beautiful idea in the mind of a little girl, who, on beholding a on the topmost stem of which a rose was fadineri below and around it three. beautiful crimson buds were just unfolding their charms, at once and earnestly ex- -claimed to her brother: "See William these little buds have awakend in time to kiss , their mother before she dies." v rose-bus- h, 