Hffl'M I, mi " .WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE SEX. & QAMPBELL JUNISHC YOUlt PATTERSON," IIOM ES. p Dealers in Book?, Stationery and Newspapers, I would adviso the Ladies who want to buy fine is (laughter Sehcnek's youngest General East Temple St Salt Lake City Utah. Parlor and gets of furnituro to call and, to marry an English nobleman. r 1 solicited. the Bed-roo- Th'a' Orders from country Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. General Agents IbrJWoMAs EffiiNT7 ftinnlft ttlivsiciail.3. both AmoriMii examine the immense stock kept by 7 - -- ItJOastempJo Sonthtreet.:"- TIIEiiJDI TO Ilvacinthe is "at home" Satur gPECIAL Brussels. .We would respectfully day evenings, at her residence in call your attention to the QuEExrVictoriaV signature is elegantly -- It -- II. D1KWOODEY, - Af ADUfK m ''. 1 ' . ':. r:;- : - WALLACE Has the best, largest and purest stock of confec- fact, that we have one of the Largest and best Stocks tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies formed, with cadi letter beaiitiCuUX"t. ittn Hroplpv's daucrhters are spendingjlie pi LadieaVMisse and Children's FURS in Sets, as to purchase. whiter in NewYork, witltthejrauiit, .Mrs. W. IL GROVES, V ', ;y Cleavland. also Capes and Collars (separate), that will bo found JJIt. l DENTIST, IissTCyd neyms purchased In this City. Also a largo assortment of Fine Shoes Office Second South StrfinL ThrPA Annra wput nf one-haof the "Presque Wo (Me.) "OreatWesiern Hotel,half a bloclr"east of ElephantT x - ,4 - i 1" ialiit lf ' ' : ,. .. ' '. T - " , TifK motiie a celebrated music-teach- of Philadelphia and California make. . -- -- 'FHl:tp.b:verjr1veliy: i ! in Moscow, and er J 4 -- . . BUNFOItD . . . - SOXS, crr. I. ; Retail DRdooiDERAniENT: To meet the demand ofan increasingzJbnsinesa-w- A UTAH LADIES JOURNAL. I The women of Utah which a occupy position attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac- tical solution of somo of thi) greatest social and moral proVlem of the age, and a powerful interest is manifested throughout the United States, and, it may be said, the entire civilized world, .to learn fromxeliablo sources the views honestly entertained by them questions. '77Ij""""- ' They hava been grossly misiepresented through the press, by active enemies who permit no opportu- -' oa-the- nTty FtoTpas& ETA I L It O O M, .. wherein the most economical buyer can bo suited. It is our highest ambition to suitjour various visitants varied fabrics and purchasers, and to display our t - ' " regardless of purchase. This 'department "Aims4o EUit the demands of all whether in DOM EST1C OK FANCY DRESS GOODS, either by the yard or piece. 7 II. B. CLAAVSON, Sup't. NEW CLUB BATES. se oiallgriingnd jland exi n gXkejrnjand in- with but limited opportunity of appealing to the telligence and candor of their fello w countrymen and countrywomen in reply. Who are so well able to speak for the women of Utah as tho women of Utah themselves ? "It is better to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented by others 1" For these reasons, and that women may help each otherby tho diffusion of knowledge and information possessed by many and suitable to all, the publication of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited byUtah ladies, has been commenced. The aim of this journal will be to discuss every subject interesting and valuable to women. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news local and general, household hints, educational matters, articles on health and dress, correspondence, editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its columns and miscellaneous reading. sound It will aimf to defend the principles, and disseminate useful knowledge. Societies as the Utabr n benevolent institution of the age ; yet, but labors of these little is known of the Societies. In Woman' Exponent ..a department to reports of their meetings and other devoted will be matters of interest connected with their workings ; and to this end tho Presidents and Secretaries of the various Societies throughout the Territory are requested to furnish communications which will receive due attention. Aliss Eliza 11 Snow, President of the entire Female Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from " hernumej'Ousjdnties. , Woman's Exponent will be publishTeelnT" monthly, each nu mber containing eight pages, quarto. The following low rates will place it within the reach of all, and the hope is that it may be made so valuable that it will be found in every family in : .' ; Utah. . right,-inculca- te Deler m i n ed th atmothio- - hall be - wanti ng on- - the paH of the Publisher?, to increase the circulation of the Exj?onknt and aid in promoting the objects con templated in its publication, by making it truly an exponent of tho views of the women of Utah, susUinel by them, read by them, and ik columns irculatcd expression of their enriche l with a.wid-l- y thoffer ftllow:ng terms to'club?, so as thought?, we e, seventeen and to nrpnare for incrediin lho value and importance of aged respectively twenty-onfourteen. The youngest of the party a girl the paer with tho beginning of the next volumef of twelve, had to'relinquish the attempt. which lnrger subscription list will enablo us to do Miss Lizzie Duffer, Miss Alice Hagey and 10 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter isS"Jvat-Jauuarv.at o w the Murfreesboro, np or uie ciuuj " for to the To mi., Agricult uhd Fair contended getter preP ToopTerTy earrwith a copy -the club , the art. of cookery, upof eminence in the high 20 copies 1 year, with h copy to the getter stove. Each fine a cooking prize being un of the club and a framed steel engrav- - Iewton,iJjpjya the Junction to JelTerson, when the thermometer marked thirty degrees below zero, because the train was belated. She holds ' the position of cashier in the bank. ; The Swiss "Times" reports that, Mont Blanc' has been successfully ascended by three English young ladies, named JMurray, -I- e have added an essential addition to our R ...... to-d- ay Salt Lake Citv Z. Her Salutatory is said to Ic well written. l. -Tim drowit l'rineessof Germany is-- mak to be erected ings design for a monument, the officers of on tho fieldof Weissenburgby he third army. female phannacentlst MTss S. M Harding, has been appointed Dispenser to the Hospital for Women, at Birmingham, , England. ''CkLia- Burleigh says that one of the most singular thmgs niwoman's nature is the naturalness witlLwhich they gravitate towards "eussedness" in the opposite sex. A kerosene lamp exploded at itu.su River, Wisconsin, recently, a piece of the glass striking a young lady on the throat, cutting it deeply A max at Janesviile, Mi nnesota, was recently beaten by his wi fe. Tlie woman was arrested and fined fifty dollars for the assault, which the husband was. obliged to pay A modeiin wrifer kiys: "In Germany, woman Jias a &ul life, she seems to be of a lower order than man. It is nothing but work, Work, work, for her, while the men are visiting Beer Gardens." Mi&s Lena Clark, daughter of a banker in & Hours from 9 a.m. to, 5 p.m. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "The "above goods we will cll at thaJowest possible Miss Hosmer is said to have sufficient price. orders to keep her busy with chisel and mallet for the next five or six years. " ATxiiFAda Vaiica- Iia - become - editor of :: Office . -- . het-organize- self-sacrifici- " ng ' ; ; . 'j in?-- 12x in inches, or rresweni ongnam vounjr woman came at the appointed time, 31 00 provided with provisions of her own selec... Youri, sellitig price, $2 GO I 'ear, with a copy to the getter tion, and in turn took charge of the cook CO C4 lw lub, and a superior first proof, room. Miss January was tne winner. upof steel engraving of President Brigharu ... TERMS, StricUy in Advance: LAst summer a party Of girls were selling 1 Coj'y one year, . I Copy six months, Young, handsomely- framed, fl.00 43 00 1U Coi'iea one year, 1S.U0 directed by the driver of a street car in rtrico 10 Copies fix months, ? '.uk) ' addiat and Boston to set on by the front platform, any time; ; No subscription received for less than sir month. ; Clubicanbe commenced names first list of has the made after be can tions is in . that way contrary It is earnestly desired that the Mishops, Presidents' although gettingum scut t)n. to the rules of tlie company. One of the Money can be remitted by registered letter at the of Female Relief Societies and others interested in a work.of thi3 kind, will interest themselves in geUiri rirls was thrown under the wheels and risk of the publishers. , r . , ; : . ' - - -- - ' the Territory, especial- up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine. severely injured. Blie brought suit against We hope ladies throughout Secretaries-oEelief Societies1 f the company and recovered $o,000 damages, ly the Presidents and Address all communications and tubscriplion. and that they will conto endeavor will clubs, up get a verdict since con firmed by the Supreme stitute themselves agents for the extension of the Publishers Womas's Exponent, Salt Lako Ci y, Court. circulation ef the Exfohxht. Utah.- - ' . ' : : d 