Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 3J, 1873. T. EDITORIAL NOTES. The - woman papers are divided in their allegiance to the dominant .party of the country. . The deaths of nine eminent editors were chronicled last year; seven in the United States and two in France. Another eminent man gone! Lord Bulwer Lytton, poet, novelist and dramatist, reposes iii WcsYrinn.sterAbKeyr; v" Hungary shows itsrespect to the name of the Emperor Era ricTs Joseph, I y imprisoning James I Watson, an American J traveler, for speaking derogatory of hirii. An Alameda California, mother, it is Fair. said, lias named her infant Laura-1). Tastes differ. Would she like the little one to earn as much unenviable notoriety as -the one it is named after? i : What is the price of a seat in the United States Senate? and, do honorable Senators expect to steal enough during their terms to repay the outlay and interest upon it? are questions pertinent to the hour. There is one officer in the United States,, who has served in the same calling thirty-tw- o years, and has not been found guilty of defalcation or forgery; it is Charles Sr Clark, veteran fireman of Boston, now aged sixty-thre- e , years. Napoleon is said to have died of a large clot of blood In one of the blood vessels near " " -- the heart, and the learned call it "embo- lism." It was sufficient to kill him, even if the heavy word is derived direct from the Greek "embolus." Milan is subscribing money for the erection of a monument to the memory of the Emperor Napoleon III. Italy gratefully remembers the efforts of the late French Emperor to solidify the country, if not to secure Italian unity. The. State Temperance Convention of Connecticut adopted a. straight temperance platform, .with a full ticket of State officers. No subject calls more loudly for attention, or more necessarily demands it at present, than that of temperance, aud its friends have need to be stirring themselves. thousand men and many Seventy-fiv- e millions of dollars are said to have been sacrificed, by Spain during the last four years, to surpress the insurrection in Cu!a, which looks as formidable how as "at almost any other time. So much for forcing on a people an unpopular government. The Vooriieiis bill, of the is last session of Congress, it said, has been resurrected with a slightly changed form, and presented in the Senate "by Senator Logan. Its object is to vest in the, hands of three persons a U. S. judge,, a district attorney and a U, S. Marshal all power': in Utah; when the game of plunder can begin. Mrs. Greeley, whose ambitions are reported to haveTbeen more i ntense than those of her husband," is said to have made the assertion that if she possessed the health, the youth and the advantages of her daughters she wonld shake the , world! anti-Morm- on : r ; -- mother and the inimitable . Horace for, a fath er, what : niay: not be of the daughters? With -- such-a v ex-pect- ed i : The heads of the Orleanist and Legitimist aspirants to the French crown are reported to have come to an understanding, and Chambbrd, chief of the Legitimists, is quibbling over the question of the royal standard. This is not waiting for dead men's shoo, but quarreling over, who shall g wear them, and what kind of a they shall be tied with, before possession of them iV obtained. Napoleon is dead, but ,; itie: Bourbons do not yet rule France. 'No. 17, some weeks past the country lias been ringing with what is called the "Credit Mobilier Scandal." Prominent members, of Congress have been charged with having received stock of the Credit Mobilier and the Union Pacific railroad to induce them to vote for certain measures which were expected to benefit the companies named. Emphatic denials have been given in public addresses, and have been sworn to before the Congressional -- Committic-s investho affair; and yet the charges have Louisiana has two governors, each claim- tigating been just as emphatically sworn to, with the" ing to be the lawful one; and two legislatures with similar claims, that have elected two details given in a manner that looks very men to the United States Senate to fill the like convincing truths But whether the seat of one. A great curse of the world charges bo true or false, one thing is plain; is being over much governed, and Louisiana members of Congress and prominent pollof : the: seems to be in a fair way to have more than utions, on some side, a as contradict her share of it; for there is danger, that in grossest perjury they distinctly addition to monster at each other on path, and that where. there is room to doubt that they know home, federal authority may step in and set scarcely whether they are swearingtruly or both aside, or recognize one to the rejection exactly This is a painful showing for the of regardless of the will of the falsely. legislators of a great country like this, and 1'" majority of the citizens. is a strong argument In favor of the proposiis about but Monarch Another tion that a few truthful, honorable women setting on his travels. The Shah of Persia pro- in Congress wouldn't hurt but would help it. poses to leave Teheran, the capital of Persia, in April, with the intention of visiting SCTEXCE AND RELIGION. Constantinople, St. Petersburg, Berlin, Vienna, London aridTarlsT He might add to the interest and attractiveness of his Truth is science, arid science in its legitijourney by lecturing on what he knows mate form embraces all truth; and a.s "true about famines, and telling how many of the two millions of his subjects who died of science and true religion walk hand in starvation might have been saved by the hand,". nothing. that is unscientific can beuse of the money which his European tour long to true religion, nor can anything that is irreligious be classed with true science. will cost. are people whose; ideas of religion It is reported, that the Pope says the There lead them to pray, a very great deal, and do bodies of- the Apostles Philip and "James for fear of doing wrong, and were discovered on Wednesday, January but little else, not read other than spiritual who dare 15th, last, in the Church of the "Apostles at works; while many scientists, who demonRome. Were they embalmed? And if so strate great truths, being "unbelievers," how did the poor followers of the despised take all the glory to themselves instead of Savior secure such expensive treatment for rendering it to God, the great Originator of their bodies eighteen centuries ago? And all intelligence. It may be unnecessary to if they were hot embalmed, how were they state here the obvious, fact that these two preserved? .. Miraculously ? And how were extremes are, both wrong. In whatever formt sounds they" identified., when found? t principle of divine truth is illustrated it or what the like a nice little religious romance, is sacred, and also s:ienlifiie, and is an in olden times used to be called "a pious established, fundamenal rule or portion of a fraud;" which even Popes were supposed to rule pertaining to" thodio f rueTreligion the . occasionally participate in. Gospel of Jesus Christ. 'its is Woman Si; per age way, winning There are. simple yet essential truths which with it ridicule the which appertain tojdaily, domestic life, as notwithstanding is' met, and which has to do duty for argu- lofty in their natures and more necessary to ment. "A few days ago, 'on, a debate in be understood, than those of a grander and a more imposing character, which often startle Congress on the admission State, Mr. Sargent, of Califomio offered an the world with their singular yet manifestly amendment that in the. admission of new natural delineations. There are scientific States the right' of suffrage should not be and beautiful truths in the "Cookery Book" sex. Nothing may as well as in the Bible; and they all belong abridged because, of ' the come of this during present Congress, to the true religion. It is quite as iiiior-tan- t which expires on the ,4th of, next March; for present welfare and happiness to be d but when; the Forty-thir- ' Congress meets considered,: wherever it may be done in to reason believe that' the honor and wisdom, as that future blessedthere is, good will woman receive ness be sought for, regardless of the , privasuffrage question of nibreattentioivUhan Julias jet done.. ;; The tions and inconveniences which . may be e in : consequence -Itepublica n J party has- i veri. a unnecessarily borne? f in favbrhfVitf and 'Republicans Inltho next of 15 lack of genuine faith and knowledge-Salvatias it will be in Congress will be strong1 enough ' to carry; any is as good choose.4 is It measure tliey may probable,' days to come, if correctly viewed; and there thereore,' that during the present year this Is rib. part of true- science or true religion in question will ad vance so far that ' i ts Tagita Icolung . everltorZAit will 'le not ly moW passing recklessly by those which should be reach a successful 'conuroatioii.; appreciated and enjoyed For shoe-strin- re.-guil- ty:; er-double-headed -- the-othe- r, " , - , If . -- ' . , , , semi-pledg- d-d- ay, on to-d- ay - 'rrxr to-da- y. - 