i- ' v. ; IS I .,'4urV' y1 ii uw, .u.t V e-r !'wy f yn?t k. . A 1.1 LEE. tvi v v at I 1 4 wppM.n -- t t ....''it tuotis kvi yuursol ves miy aiui cicauk . . ymur men; klmi '.ginul sample, bo tur comes smoking., wlm' one to not Wild ! hiug say rWiunL mtondimr to umii)U;uy her hu-- 1 tobacco Ro kind ami morclml; speak well You have u good rresideut, mi" ln niisil toof lMilviraniy. i.Kl Klfcr Uh,,,,.. u.j ,r,?,l,-- ..or,,.,,.. ...:o; i El;, - .aiiHinttHlin- AtTenUde. r I lil her .Hml is" Me placet-w-ho- u ina you. I. oungsaid 1 I -- -- - - - ThiV-niTwrf- - -"-- I , . - ; . ; ' '; ' - am to eeyou all, more so. than can ex- happy I Ills IS the f FmTwIe." nurstumt to t Il!lir(-;i- largest congregation of wave-- Nat a cot tir afound wi5 murmuring counsel iven; was detgch'et from the name voung ladies f ever met with, and I am s eenvtmt the tremulous laye, a mc'ior. of the water's crest -at ouruarterjy meeting held pleased to say I do nbt see the excess of of A.ntle beavbrf&thes the Society s bre&st cn a rf iher As the infant t December last. r. Tli rlollowinpr is a ltief ftshioii hererrisee atlimneT'Iiererare many You huildin up from sulyeets. of interest. 1 statement of the finances of theSm-ietI thought of the pmec- t- tho past: it tetmal, the K infjtlom of (JotfeaJlijr.? .Ml holy call- tlie commencement to May 3 1st, 1 blu. ..That the silent Sggjjth instruction teem'd are obetlient to the (iospel wv .p.w ftfton snWt. the heaftTwrfcraT dfaggunt rTOiTetifrom i1onatioitg--tttttlj- in ear the What never, in sound has approached fear. J5e united; be, tiriii other sources. I.T40;Tollinioinit from worlc have ubthihg :; d e. KRUiuiwuJyniemIrs of Society,-Ful- in your punose. Set your minds against oft hssfilence been richly lraugut to see your faces and w e With treasures of wisdom, and store of thought, se Wing, etc., b420:l.; total, . l,(0U.bo. evil. We came up With 5cred, heavenly whispering, too, Amount disbursed to tne, sick, etc., aim s;iy God bless you. Nothing can compare dew and honey than sweeUr That are ro?ei, If .afrientL paid for emisr ration lHiriHes,' Sl,:J10:8o; with what there is tell you of your faults, ay attention. DolPt te.adepthinthesoui.thsbejond be airmilzolcspeaking to each jt her W hen Of all Usou3d-- of all human speech,;? to chime Ed uca te you rselves. you come together. 4 $200; leimng.iU)alawcejiow on iiand oi Time. Earth music of ad With tho cold, dull Alake g:ood use of tine; improve the moments ; Res)ect fully, Hh as tlieyH flyfF Becarefiil fof you J. HpviiKX, .Secretary. f s rficentacler nouffh t can su nply, lie-e: a .. rt wewa ntntoFl i ve-o-iit u rum itrr.,.T i"1.;. jixnm iub uuu xn,r.feT is". Uut tne streams matofnow or taL worth, n insti nc di vine, cn;Je3imfth(l :AnJnherited gift, thrpughL. primeval Mtbzi JunelSth,J87:i. 4iess;Uiokl youtiuiinds like sheet 6iwh so the Spirit can write upon them. Dkaji Editoii- r I can SaiyeTfiaTfc m tha nkful - to 3iiy May God bless you and help you to fill up night, were gone, Again, when the shades of the morning drawn, In the clear bright rays of selfsame-tieHeavenly Father that my name is numlered your time in usefulness. Aliss L. L.;Greene this of on thekbank walked I W'ith the JtterIay Saints; therefore! wish said: Sister Zina hassitid the1 young ladies Where oncej our RedeemeMwas wont to be. . to mingle niy voice witlrmy sisters in bear-- . should not be afraid to speak. J think It i in er testimony our selves we others Where, "Lord save, or 1 perish." was Peter's prayer, I i elsewhere. in nt im a a time ve n work. We weak and the.faithless ; We arei a great jschooi.J fwe re wise porta very Befitting theVSIn. Jlf Ttl fill- fJft AJIU UB!C WHUP itvsirffiw'tflia aliiTTtlWXoMliasco buuhiiuh i' v'K with the experience and advantages We Th' bold vista of Time, brought th' past up to me. the daughters of Zion. Wherefore let us have, we can make the future generat ion endeavor to live our gion. Let us be far ahead of this present one. I pray God Embos'd with events when the Prince f Life, to the Priesthooxi, may blessoiireveralTjfhL Endured this world's hatred its envy and strife; prayerful ahd obedient When, in Him, the Omnipotent was revealed. to all the commandments of God. I am made excellent remarks and a number of and And, by Him, tho wide breach of the Lord, was thankful J can truly say that I never have the young ladies rose and expressed their healed. felt to disregard any 'law which has been pleasure and 'satisfaction', with the instrucThe gates, He unbarred, and led the way. given, not even polygamy which is con- tions they had received. Meeting adjourned courts to of the shadow of the death, Through r , day; sidered so great a trial and has been such to for two weeks. Met again June 1 9th. A And 'ied captivity captive," when me as well as many of my sisters. But do large number present; all seemed to enjoy He ascended on high, and gave gifts unto men." it to day? No! 1 am thankful the meeting together. Sixteen more young ZI we regret Damascus, Sybia, March 17, 1873. r '. ; li R. Snow. that I am in polygamy and have been for ladies joined Society. seventeen years; and I hope to gain a salvaA: M. Frodsii am, Secretary.' R.'S. REPORTS. tion in the Celestial Kingdom of God,With Since the Relief the tried and faithful Alinutes of the Fifth Annual meeting of v From the 3nl Wardrlrorb 'CitySIay Societies have "been organized, we have the Relief Society of Farmington," held June are doing been called to act in responsible places. I 11th, 1873. President Airs. Holmes presid2th, 1873: We, as a Society, aljout as well an Ave know how:-- ' ..We are but can nay to the credit of my sisters in this, ing. Meeting".- opened by singing "We a few in this ward, but are pressing onward the First Ward of Provo, that they are doing thank thee OGod for a Prophet :" Prayer and working for:' the good cause, assisting well, and are trying to live near the Lord;' by Hector Haight: Singing, "Let the poor that are among us, and gathering and are willing to assist in any trausactlon those who would be Saints indeed:" Minmeans together to build, us a house, or a by which 'good may come. The Teachers utes of last meeting were read and accepted. store, and intend to do so as soon as possi- are diligent in visiting the sisters, and a The reports of the Teachers then followed, ble. As fast as 1 can raise more subscrip- good spirit prevails in bur midst. showing that all the districts .had been tions I will forward them. I am unable to express my ideas in the visited and donations rece ived. Con nselor Yours respectfully, English language as I desire to; true I have Airs. Ortentia Leonard, President of the M. John, Secretary. been in? these valleys twenty years, but Teachers, expressed her siitisfaction with the. have improved very slowly. reports, and thought the Teachers deserved CoAiA iixK, Summit Co. in the Gospel, Respectfully yours, A statement of praise for their diligence. ff utor.TNF M. JoilNsQX, President June.3rd, 1873. a ffairs of the Society was i hen . Editor Woman's Kxpoxxt: read which showed that t amount in manifested the interest the of tions dona ladies the of Knowing of e u IVieeting fbrth yea rjwidi iig J n e, was young Ogden columns of your excellent paper in the pro City, June 5th, ,1873. fleeting was con and - thirty-nin- e dollars -- and ? of various Relief Societies the e S. ducted by Sister Jane Richards, Presitleut. thirty-thregress, etc.) centsilisburseinents to the organized in Utah, perhaps at this late hour Present from Salt Lake City, sisters Pris- - loor, aihl tloiiajtions for public purposes, two a few items from the Coalville Relief cinda Kiniliall, ina D. A'ouiig, and L. Ji hundred amr fifty-liv- e ilollars and sixty- - -tbe not deemed Society may uninteresting Greene. Minutes' of last meeting were read hree cecils. Two shares on the to your readers. by A. M. Frotlsham Secretary, and accepted. and forty-eigh- t, dollars out at The Coalville Relief Society was organ-izeS. Sister J. Richards made a few introduce merest, leaving a balance in Jhe Treasury by Bishop AV. W. Cluff on the 9th day tory remarks. Sister Kimball said, I feell QfQneJiundrediindahLrty-on- e . dollar5and of Januarj, TISGSM. ArAValton, Pfesldent; very much pleased to meet with ourvoiin niuety-thre- e cents. President AlrsS.l. J. A. Cluir and J. Royden, Counselors: K. sisters, and also the older ones. Things are Holmes remarked that she was glad to see lerrill. Secretary and M. Cahoon, Treasurer. very different now, to whar thev ere so many present, and as there were visitors It grew and answered the purposes of its when I joined this (,1mrch. The young from Bountiful, Arrs. B;irlow, president of organization, under the able management lauies nave a great privilege. To see the the Society in that place, Alofher Sessions of Sister Walton's presidency; but owing to work w;e could (lo toilless the y poor, asssist and Airs. Perigreene Sessions, besides some ner continued ill health she resigned and those that ueel to become true of the brethren who had favored them with Sarah Wild was appointed to succeed her; mothers. The help Jand, young may die, the old a visit, she would not take up the time but and upon' the demise of Sister R, Merril, J. must. Seek knowledge; study good books; would like te hear from them. Prest. Mrs, Boyden was appointed Secretary "pro tem." be good to father and mother, them all Elizabeth H. Barlow then male a few reDuring Sister Wild's presidency the Society you can; be kind to the little helpbe indus- - marks: She was thankful for the privilege ones, . ' iurv' f wore ivlifvin-wh- o h a's iwiorLiataorJiixua-iiJajUiiid Hi Sister iVtolvr hiUr, KK ciTY. i ' r-- ut- - ; . .. i -- i y ; lr , - j r-li- eal - - lf4is-long-s- -- . zlz. jfp;-paper- a, nreafi-aidfj-uot-eac- h IT - , '- -- " F-id- er . - tho-financ- ial hcvw-hole- - two-hund- red -- . : d . : j i 