W 0 JNr A N rS 90 benefit and instruct all that attend these ! meetings. When I was young I had no one You snouiu aiso to teach me as you have. be thankful have such a President as you teach and instruct you in the things have,-t-o I ever of life. I think of all the meetings .attendedT theseTarthebest- I prayrthe Lord to inspire your hearts. anew to go ahead in this sood work. Sister Cushion said those 'who have spoken have borne my testimony. I also embraced the Gospel for the love of the truth, ana the desires of my uoHgtuuuugu T fnmn far short sometimes. The moment I stepped insido this door I could feel that tho nirit, of the Lord was here; ! would exhort you to be true .to Retrenchment and sustain and assist your" President, and you WATCH AND PRAY. ! . Temptation is bo rery strong Ar.d human .Mill so weak, That when we recognize a wronsj 'Tis Ee'dom we can pass along With firm, unchaDgiDg chek We e'en mustpause to raze awhile And canvass o'er the ill, To mark its bright and beaming smile, Until we cease to fee its guile Blind captives to its will, . .. Oar good intentions profit not of snares, 4 o k eepm Unless we thun the fatal spot, And keenly watch when IVemen plot ' To take us unawa-e-- ; Nor call poor human Will withstand The force of opposition. Unless we irvok the mighty hand Of Him who rules on sea and land . To lend our strength addition. -- s-- out hea-are-- , Then watch and pray, Oh, watcli and prajl Each day and every hour,-Tha- t wo mayjkep our steadfast way Toward perfection, day by day; Nor fail in mo-a- l power ' To touch not, hand 1 o cot a" sin t '" "v n rAn'OrgflrTTrtTiumph , ent'nng-iWhere ilwfcll. no doubts nor fears. ojr. R; S. REPORTS. ie willuretyhccoin -kingdom. Miss Aggie 5rovl said; : Though fangless it appears, Till we the victor's crown may win EX P O N E N T can be obtained; but the task is not .so diUFT cult but that an, one: gifted with ordinary patience and medium talent" may bo able to produce very creditable sieci mens. The vessel containing the water may be pretty well filled with specimens, as they will not injure each other unless shaken too rudely but perhaps rather assist in the process of decomposition.. It is not advisable to use n leaves, as the delicate any but fibers of the young ones are likely to decompose with the pulp. The best time for tiny thnm is therefore about July rr August, when they are uite. mature, but still vigorous. Great care must? be taken to choose only the most perfect, for it is obvious that if any portion of the fibres are Inj ured before you' macerate them, t will be impossiblO-tobtain aiperfect specimen. ' full-grow- , o X ,v'"-.1 We. have had man37good instruction's taught, and should be thankful for them. I never enjoy myself as welt at any other ineetings as here and at the 14th Ward. Kindness is wThat we snouici iiitiKarfwthinkJjKice before we speak once away ancmembef asoftFanswer turneth our labors of the to feel wrath. I appreciate feelings president. I cannot express usmy to do right. May the 'Lord help to-nig- ht. Holdyourleatihen: ywineeramekjrt) throw it away, or your time: and trouble will be wasted, for when; once the skeleton is broken or otherwise, inj ured, all attempts to repair i f wlirprove u navail i itgT Those leaves which have the toughest fibers are, of course, the best adapted lor the and consequently the, soft leaves of rapid, growing plants arol uselep, ? Those best adapted for the purpose, and which can decay, pur-pos- e, . Other remarks followed and meeting ad be obtained by everybody, arc .the? leaves of Benediction by Miss J. Myres. ivy, holly, magnolia, rose, pear, sycamore, Meeting of the 11th Ward Retrenchment journed. willow, oak, hawthorn, poplar, orange, and Association, held October aotli, 187.3, was lemoiv the petals ofhydrangea- - aiidr fruit SKELETONIZENG LEAVES. opened by singing , "Isowr let us rejoicey7 of the apple, thorn, and winter, cherry. etc., prayer by Mrs. Hunt; singing, "We Some of our readers will be pleased with Each kind of leaf lias a peculiarity of structhank thee O! God for a prophet." Minutes ture and a beauty entirely its own? so that of the previous niectincr were read and ac the following directions, published in the for making, those the difference in the fiberbus rie'twork,1 and cepted. A portion of the' Third Lecture on Gardeners' Magazine," the "variety and elegance of outline ObservaFaith wjas read. Select reading by Counselor beautiful ornaments known as skeleton ble in the different subjectsfgivo' to the S. Freeze, Miss Aggie Sprowl and Miss Re- leaves. Select the finest and most perfect speci pursuit a great charm. The appeKrartce bf becca Miming. President Mary A. Freeze then said: TheitoriaUniilhe, Exponent. mens, and soak them in a large deep .vessel the. skeleton is greatly Improved bit!bleach-ing- , which is accomplished by plunging in on "Something New Wanted" has impres- of rain water; place it in a sunny spot or sed me very much. How true it is that we other warm situation, and shake it occasion spring water in which there has been some chloride of lime.; ''Two are constantly wanting something-new- , yet ally but not sufficient to stir up the contents, o liquid chloride to' pint i:of do not live up to half the counsels we have. as that might injure the fibers of the leaves. 51 In someiieases i the fresh As the water evaporates, fill Tet-- u skeletons will become w hite in a few minutes, thoroughly learn our old lessons, that we water again, without changing that which but leaves of a stronger fiber, willtake may be prepared for new ones ; for the Lord remains. Be careful of using any chemi a much longer time. When well, bleached, has them ready for us when wo are ready cal in order to assist decomposition, as you on blotting paper; n and then them to receive them. What' a comfort it is the will thereby run great risk of injuring the dry Lord will ovrelook our short comings, in- delicate skeleton, which of course you are arrange them tastefully in a vasej and coyer asmuch as we have it in our hearts to do anxious to keep quite perfect. But if you the whole with a glass shade, when you will His will. I should have given up in are. impatient of waiting, a few drops of possess a, very elegan t ornament for your or your boudoir. (i despair long ago, had it not been for this muriatic acid would hasten. the destruction drawing-rooTh been most e usual plan, methodhas parts. knowledge. Presiden t You n g has said tiiat to in "If we do as near right as wo know how", however, is soak the leaves rain water skeleton leaves which occupies but a Jew we are as perfect as the angels." But we only, until the skin which envelops the minutes; but is applicablo only to, .those, of do not do thi? at all times. Wo allowr our- fiber is quite soft and loose, so that it can the toughest fiber as the process is SQriieyhat selves to .get -i-rritated and unnappy over be easily removed. The best plan for ac- rough. It consists in drying the leaves, besome little thing, when at the same time complishing this is to lay each one sepa- tween sheets of blotting paper, in a botanical we know we should have better control over rately in a plate full of water, andarefully press, or under a weight; when quite dry, . ourselves. Still we cannot become perfect remove the soft parts with "a needle,or place the leaf to be operated upon on ii soft I. ail in one day, but it takes constant striving for gently rubbing with the finger and thumb. pad and beat it with a brush until the piiip is entirely separated from the fiber. 1 Soft e the victory. I felt proud of the complinfent Of course, great care must be taken not to Sister Snow gave Jthe Retrenchment girls at break the skeleton; but with little practice very good skeletons have been obtaiue-hfthe last meeting; that if she wanted any- you wiu oe a Die to ao it easily, as soon as this manner. A cushion and a clothes brush thing done that required energy and the water tbickens, so that you cannot well will be sufficient for the firexpt4ihient, reliability, Jhey would bo the ones she wrould. see what you are about, change it, or you when, if the plan is apprvetf yoii can' easily : call upon. You can see by this what confi- will spoil your work. In some cases a piece devise means to carrv-ito- ut proneflv. a i dence you have inspired already and it of soft flannel may be used with advantage; J ay Cpoivy one of the prominent sufferers . shpul(lJbe an incentive to urge you on- to but tho final clearing of pulp from the fibers for be bo must us camePs Let hair brush; frojri the financial jcrash haTs watchful,performed bya greater diligence. The he thinketh that time for "He the Anostlo savs; required steeping them de- - fbir a wife, who promptly relinquishes her I! v standeth let him take neediest JieJahYl pendsupon a.varietyof circumstanceSjucrl dowery right to aidin meeting: the pecuni' e our as thb kindof a leaf, its age, from have received a letter of ary liabilities of her husband. -Secretary. Though' acShe says she misses the good meetings very year, the temperature of theweather, etc. customed to luxury she will doubtless, find much.. She also says tell tho girls to 'appreei The leaves of the iwandrollvreauire soak more true pleasure in making thissacrifice, ato the great blessings they enjoy. I pray ing for three of four inonths, while those of than in the enjoyment ."!' of "undisturbed that we all may be faithful and become the pear, apploj-anbe " will in poplar :t wealth. ready brightand shining lights in thoKingdomof as maaveeks; so that it will be necessary for yotfto use your own judgement and disThe United States Senatorial Committee Sister Hunt said, I feci tharikfnl. my cover the time each kind of leaf requires for on Elections and Privileges have drafted a young sisters; to meet with you again; and yourself by ; examining them occasonally. new amendment to the Constitution; provid glad to see tho same faces that attended a Of course it will require some patience and ing a method of electing a President and year ago,' This organization is calculated to perseverance before "first-rate- " skeletons directly by ;the people,' - , : : dis-olv- ed 'table-spoonfu- up-Avi- ls wei-llsuffice- th -- l m of-the- A-shp- rter ... sof - 7 . 5 " -- - A the-tim- d : Vice-Preside- nt . 