I II-'I WOMAN'S EXPONENT. " ISO-- v - 'Ii ' SPLINTERS. .... - ..' '." while so many of their sisters are driven to the Thirmese hratcs of hell by want of bread? Statements rnnontlv are published that capable women, willing to the is a woman...... The Pope praises tection that Catholics eniov in tho A vnnno. UtW in Fmnfro Francis affainst George wMIa .in ner way to oe Trairrprotested fpii J I meauerapt io.pucexuj than those he previou Tombs...... It is estimated 1 ... J 1 ' ft sicians that nearly' one under the name of " tured in France, is con substances... ..."Elm Orlou' generous for "the fellow" to every smy ining sam tliat every ashamed- by every lx)dy w. I oi . - a . - pro- - i II m naptiseci. ill n. .ift I Good ft ft ft ft .ft ft f kii- -srmw , ft ft ft v. A labor l f ti v - - oneici WallaCe' gently died at Glasgow, at the bm novels now...... age of one! hundred and three years..::., parents pray that their daughters may never Church singing in Santo Domingo, a writer it is Maria Alexand- - be brought so low.- - As i to education; a girl's that reported again pronounces good in no way- - but the zest rovna, only daughter of the -- Czar, is to stops just where the main part of a ?iiig with which it is participated in;. ..:.Eighty- gius. Men are allowed ful opportunity Turkish to ' themselves to their ; chosen work,: five young doctors lately crraduated at Ann devote; - are- AK nri.kni,. i j jjuy noi in via iwi-- v ftwiaiuc uiawua. i i. i ."ivj fit women...... 31ana Ilawley, of the "Balance, Chicago, thinks thoucrh it is more unlawfi ; : . j wonder is not that there has no .. mm it is not more imrichf wins- - for imj juh women ,ni,Ini..J,i M n fV ,"v , --l.hv lake wall!, 1UphacI xcwto..,I,ut that : . . . u i. .... or car. weu v rauroau a i.,.-.ucvtT feiuamuuat i yuu so 7 i have done much t "'j ltverena JJiyme," writes Sif0:-- . . " : rahUfn t" - - lsa i?00" and just thought... 5el ,lc1 1W0 - lady deacons officiatft in thr Plinfrm . ZZ.riTJ?1:?. mu-c.mur- --f- vi.v u ;t ei s,,,.,,. . Graham reddndent women in England, Is answered by: hw rtrnnosiiifr pinlnrjitlnn snmti 0 . . . CI I.V I 7 Itiliilndnnhpra . . . " 7. . .v ; r . . ua ou: ana marriage.-jiut:enuuaiOT. Knffnl T,innffnii ana Irish tried, and Scotch. 1hotY conf f r Aitftfrnlla Jnglisnp onI Aiorlon In Inrrro. T nuiu. ui it guuutj wumau..n..ine peopio in numoerswituoutmucnaiminisningine gravity v Iowa......L:idiesare oyaiatiy attedarI'alIs, of the nroblem: while as for marriage there Florida town dnnMikn fh Jo be iladmitted to the Boston University 0f keeping pijrs in the cellar beneath the i?yet to be found the woman to say "No" when ' . llDOn tne SJimn fnriniflnn thft man As Ifinc n f Tip num. irontlamnn nnrw!irs i . " set on fire by some 4 n: wiav-jvui- piping-ho- t mo SJiiue iiuiiuuinuii in it. a f ". . . : ,11-nn- v: ; i cmnma Grace GreenwoHecturesh ... cnurcnnsetneye I riiT-hf- dunn service, "Inors . . . the number of men by ix niaf riage will not wholly do away Vith the difficulty only tions being unrequited, it dethroned her unless Morrhonism is tried. True marriage is ar adresset1-m -reason and drove her to the insane asylum, the crown and glory of a woman's life; but it ' soon must be founded on love, and not on the desire a lecture begins 'rnnn in Fiirfipld tour in 3Iichigant.,V.A lady writer says o ylw of a home or of uP)6rt, whilenothing can of has threo more age, than jean, "sin is deplorable debasing, and man unnts to kPtv if loveless aboWhi grand-e- h 7 Udren; the ' our 7 marriages brought ' y-; ., while, woman t anibi n!LrS ion a a and upper society by craving long-" Ll ' " with his wants... ...Tho In.ird nf frtr ,rnrui e iDmon roWi.L Education in Yorkshire -- xiigianu,nas as " .::'y and a different standard of morality for men j. women urn. flip onrsps of mof!rrn ktmmptv. and coa.Uulor,, a lf(y'S Honorary Council, to T II E ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. The dignity of labor is not properly appreciated. 1'iav.nuii urK aim suggestion, me j nu ague iiaat tvuuv is iiuuuiiiuiu 111 u mail, better education of women .... .Xionor-- f J are not yet convinced that idleness is disbut XOCISE I Editor. W. S. Browne, one of the founders of the honorable in a iomau. A contempt for work is at the bottom t)jT the inind of a fashionable Oncifinalilmniercial, Published In alf T.nl-- ru. Trtnl. 7T.m.." A petition for the repeal of One copy one year, $2; onocoiy,eix months, f 1. Ten youn lady, frivolity is so general that it is Memphis copies that so much good survives in spite . the social evil-lafor the of surprising of St. Louis,: has been lines ofprice nine. Advertising rates: Each square, eight of one $3. nonpareil $2; space, time, neglect. So long as we frown down and presented to the Legislature of Missouri, arid Catllllbell I'atffrnn. Cnnrrnl 1 titcper month, Tomnl. t..i sneer at the efforts to enlarge woman's sphere, bait Lake City. is reported to hnvn t we are Address all business commanications to v encouraging frivolity and idleness in 7,000 women women. AVe hear the interests and rights of The Arkansas House of " r Publishers Woman's Expojct,' J?alt Lake City, Utah. ; U women spoKen of as if tnese could be separated Kepresentatives has passed a bill, fixino- tho from those of man, as if men and women were pay of teachers at the same amount, without creatures of a different kind. A most common SALT LAliE CITY, MAY 1, 1873: regard to sex. .Columbia, Maine, has F. C. & and mischievous error is that which would C. H. Nash, husbandandJwife,foralawfiriri. woman make; mere shadow and attendant the ofa her iordr-aa "ThoBloomfleld,- -' lissouri " "Repubiican, a shadow touId be-- a frm if is to be managed hereafter by a Woman, nave long lieanr the man's neipraeet, we M is: the Mrs. Sarah E. White.... ..It is annniinrpr? is home. But woman's V sphere world; Mm Xmilyiaithfiil, before her departure womeri have a in the while men world, part that Joaquin Miller is writing By the Sun- from isew ork on her return to Eng- - are not e iphers in the home circle. - 4 M voyage down Seas.,,......There is to be a "Woman's delrverea farewell Jecturin gteinway This is the langiiage-o- f a true woman: of one Journal," published in Washington...... Miss m l"at wmcn treated largely on the who comprehends that woman bn a nnfor, nf omiiey, tne preacher, is said to be a small ttr1' hcroWn, distinct of ane hich is sfled unless she is fulfiiliiicr m ission - on earth, by becoming a"" honored wife and occupying that lerein nf mnir. .... the rpsnonsfhillffp.' .. . .. , . "lvi r .77 Knrrlnnrl fliorn oro i l.. n ri in , t r,T. vieniiaii finrmfr iiosoimis w in .. " vvv" v" ranee . , storms, this wnr. in tvt, .t. .April ur ii,. &ue " UVUK , miouui mat woman's wnrir nn,i im ucu as tuese "iV i vi. um.yr Ul' is mocKery, ior are "jjoy representation with taxation: she......should iuueu i lurceu irom tneiruuiue 4i "'UJlr mure m anv season or rim voir nomps tn rpt;tifnnri-- - they n n: whiSnwi, lwturer ?Plaiusu?1f a,her boys, poor fell so desperately in love that, her rti1,i??Igrr afTec- - fWv wifviw t - .- I ti - nr ,-- -jjiai ' ! . RN, omi-Tnnnfii- !v. o . w Sr. V-i-- t c ! - . f ; : - - T M :WOMpN -- . -- . cu' SSfelS!? iji. u-n- i- - "immio . "ITTr, " - touting itMt I . . w I w T- TV Hr nrhi, , , Too f : - imnn Mveiy laiKea of; may the right ones be rigidly enforced.. ....Billcrica, Massachusetts, was honored the other Sunday by having the minister's datifrhtpr f,r. Pr.niTii,. . . .w.n .j iiu.u ices, ner iamcr Demg unable to attcna......I!cecherS;ly, it should not only be the ?rivilecro of everv wnmnn but ilcr duty as well Itoyalston, Massii-- 1 c..U,c., Superintendent of Common Schools - KA-iti- ? n -- -- w omanly feelings crushed - , v -- mwcui MitnlTOSa "'7 vi ' uuuuiu o uuanutuucueuiiur awve toahoa "Fund for Destitute Gentlewomen"' to which hlsbam1' to have a voicein the choice of the man she.would devote the. proceeds of. the lecture. w.lta.vllom lc unites her destinies, and mi xrue it is mat youncr men now finfl i it. timrt the noblpst. r., linlipef-- . mn.t u aauuvu iuiuuof umauity on the earth-t- hat the wholesale vparlv moulding pliant, tender beincj for loftv nur- ft if ns r.,.: ' ail,a 04 among womcnlestruetioii poses in time and an exalteil immortality here-- " Y W&' Buttbereifuo' 3oy iIp.i mi inn au cZSUJSfe mf I "f alter. . : In England, Misv Faithful mxz, are three -- 4 