OMAN'S EXPONENT V should like all present to give some of their every two weeks. The sisters are united experience in keeping order. The young in endeavoring to do good, Our meetings ladies are imprpving with their essays fire well attehtled "and wo enjoy them, and with the brethren in May tliey continue to improve in all good wish, to be to Mrs. build works.' is ...my prayer." Mary II. Tout helping up the Kingdom of God, we that a and must over this, timidity, said: "We may gain Celestial exaltation with get not let i the moments pass by without im them. Our Sabbath School is very prosper proving them; we should ack the Lord to ous, the teachers are energetic in their give us words to express our feelings. I labors:"have also a Juvenile choir, and it am pleased with what has been said. If does our hearts good to hear it singing the we cultivate 01 der among ourselves we will songs of Zion. God bless the Sunday school. find nodifliculty in teaching it to others: I we appreciate your excellent paper and know we are nrosneriner and inasmuch, as wish it much prosperity. Yours m the Gospel of Truth, we prove 'faithful we shall continue to proJ I5AILEY, President, gress " Sister Charloi te Fawcett said, "I coincide with the young lady who has just Christina Ciiristensen, Counselors, are and I progressing rapidly, spoken you Louisa Lowe y, know you are uuiting our efforts to help C. Ciir istense v. Secretary, carry on this work: keep on in the path Deborah Irons, Treasurer. BLESSINGS. ;We hve glorious light Kndfunshine, bnjrhtnes , evening's rest; Spring's sweet fl nvers, and Autumn's treasa ' Join to n ake earth's chiltlien blet At orning's co-work- ers m We can list to fceavnly that lift our thought frorb earth: music,-Strain- tbfe who Cheers and gladdens s gather In home circles round the hearth. Then, to crown all other pleasures, Love arsd friendship feting their store, Pure and priced are their treasures, Aid thej'll last forever more. " , . j - a ae "Yps," yon isy, "has not the serpent, Cast hi? blighting trail o'er al!; fChtWed feeds of in and sorrow. Tain and death, since Ada ma fall? ' True, yt 'tis in ?orr w'a darlcrless, lrlendship's. pur est iays are ISasif -I if not the gravft that open g. A jrya abo una ? . , yoiOLrja)03 tri u mphan t i n f he end."" I would advise all The following is a condensed account of a theyonlrtriievho- - Jitrt-Ctle&tLi- l. do wluqrits Would we cherkh vea.rU and diamonds, If for themiA price w paid ? Ondd w know and prize the eunlieht, Were it not forughTFdeepTehade ? meeting-hel- t(jde veryr ijarticularto have their garments i d A I $ 73. ntmericnifldrlc i encelAYiis:!iiddressed large'-Aud- b- - they are a shield . V t w ' nf n --attending ; laKe uitv Asters from many j1iuai.MiiaJiiuiliu.uu;illuo.iuitLiutijJgiu j pat tern. I know that the order of Retrench- - Alpine and Lehi cities. lis Snow &ke of ment is Trom God, and mywlule heart is the magnitude of tho Latter-day woik of the vc iU 1U -was to iteiiet save It souls as Arell rv' v Society. 'nai "gswithr which we are sur-- as to" relieve tlie" bretWeri)rmany cares, rounded." Mrs. Olive Aim Baxter made the that their time and talents be isnatural for ihe employed in other ways. It wasmiht ibllowing remarks. It requisite young girls to be a little bashful when called that ever woman of good moral character to speak, but they will soon overcome this, belonp-i- p-- fn thn rhnrv.h nn v i con f ho hlocciniva rf tUnon. ber of this organization: it was desiVnpd to When I was young my fath er extend woman's meetings. sphere and endow her wit taught me to fear the Lord and keep hi3 high and noble qualities. All should feel commandments, and I have done so to the the responsibilities of being teachers, and best of my ability. I thank my Heavenly seek to el evate t he m i nds of all with whom Father that I had some ,one, to instruct .me , .1 j. ;mv.m.vuiiuh,1, HJtiJJlIJi; Cilillll 111 lib in His Ways TT proauest sense; should . In this day, for helucuus many pfivi- - ad wonomy f L"a member lege, hoy oajoy! Tl.oy not only have their the Church called to of parenb to instruct them, but they can meet these Societies, and being called, aS uml.:r as, lUs- - a.nd "e condemnation if she neglected to'do TW T Fes f ter feeds of love and glsdnes?. iounsn mem tome and J)gh, Then befoe their Sin and death will take their flight. plni-inn- m a R. S. REPORTS. 11 J H 111 perfect,-fo- fIlll n 4 t-- W t V r I 4- - . - n Synopsis of the minutes of a meeting of inu r meenin ward Iteiief Society, held in the Fifteenth Ward Hall, Sept. 4th, 1873. The meeting had been announced to the iiMie, and the hall was filled with flu. members of the .Ward and visitors from various parts of the city, and the settlements. The house was called adjacent to order uy rresiaent 3irs. . M.ivimball. Sin:Lnr "oh my Father thou that dwellest," prayer by Mrs, Zina 1). Young. Singing "We thank thee Oh God for a Prorhot. An ae- count of the organization J4 Femalc Miss Annie Phi pens, 3Iiss Martha M. II. Nauvoo was Societyjin by given Mrs. 8. M. Kimball, follm! vUh Paul and Cou nselorsMrs-M- a rv-I-L Ch esh i re remarks Z. D. Young, 3r. I. made remarks. Appointments were made Home, P. Woodruff and a number of for the next meeting, and meeting adothers upon a variety of subjects, among journed. Singing 'Olid scenes of which were the object and aim of the Itelief Mary Societies, the duties and obligations resting I. Pierce. (More than sixty young ladies upon its members, the instruction of the belong to the 10th Ward Retrenchment Asyoung, the early and present condition of sociation.) the Church, the: principle of polviramv. mid Marsha M. II. PAur , Secretary. - 7 . 1 1 i'SrS' I TZ" !.03 -- rich by holdimr fast riches of earth would follow. She desired alPto cultivated thSixthSeji?ewhieIiv-athe Spirit of God, and would enable them to both see and enter the Kingdom of"' Heaven. The neglect of the moral training of children was touched uxou. People were prone to look well to their stor-k- . iboir orchards and all worldly-affairs- , but neglectful of that higher responsibility the proper . cultivation of the minds of their children.-The Gospel was as much adapted to children manifested Moroni, Sanpete Co.", Sept. 12th, 1873-De- a as to the by all tlie .speakers, and we think we are aged. The sisters were desired to safe in saying that all persons were n Editor: I take pleasure in inform- pleased organize a Society of young ladies,to instruct and. benefitted by the of the welfare of you the ing in this Meetino-waSociety im encourage tliem,cand it was recommeeting. small settlement. tlintli-lrw' . adjourned at op. m. Singing tli.it-.1 During the last six ...v..v.v or nuii tiiu members tins voun" we months have been under great difficulof Israel," etc. Benediction bv oe nued to fill situations which seem ties through that terrible disease, the" smalla,Kl lropcr in their spheresuch as rlqy clerks, am I pox to "Which", S. E. Kussell, has ennow happy book say Secretary. Snow-wakeepers, settersetc. type Miss tirely left us. A hundred and thirty took followed with able remarks from Sister the three cases , proved fatal, Howard, from minutes of the IGUi meet-in- g and disease, only Bishops L. E. Harrington and : Extracts to I regret say that our Secretary, Sister Hiivid Evans, of the Tenth Ward Junior Retrehch-menand Sister Mary Hindlev. t Aimira wiasc. anfi her two daughters were closed with singing "Oh my Father Meeting Association, held .August 5th, 1873, uie vicums. sister Chase was a very use- thou that at the Tenth Ward meeting Meet' house. dwellest," and prayer by Elder ful in our Society, but we feel that V. Greenwood. ing opened by singing "Arise my soul our member is ner gam. Wc do not mourn as Mna. Maiiy Hindlkv, President. arise;" prayer by Sister Charlotte Faweett: thoselosswithout ........ "blessed for, are hope; the to rils- - E."Hail the brightness of Zion's aeau that singing, Eastwood, Secretary. die.': in the Lord," for they rest rn,t r tiuin-nieif.TIl, iaoors. ne timers not for dislng were read and accepted. Essay by Coun-sel- tant when we extracts from T the ihThnf oT nf i w tir IshalL unite with 4hem Cheshiro meeting-of-t- he v.. in a more exaueu state of existence. again 3rary Senior -- nnri Tnnir; Our operative Retrenchment FiGrco remarked that ler was the sisters have been Associations: held. ,?Vr for ail doing they could for iJ.L.-r-the evening, and said "Let us sublet mine fourteenth Ward Asscmblv 7?nnm cultivate it both at home and abroad, for uie. benefit of the poor and the sick: we on September 13th. To?,i-- t nave donated about a hundred dollars to where good order is kept much L. Home being absent, Counselor Mrs. Z. I). good um- mose mat were in need: we hnvofinnnwi bo accomplished. We should observe the t Presided. Young After singing, and prayer wenty dollars to the Temple at St. George: strictest , order here in our Counselor Mrs. by P. Wondrntr. trt?n.,flf meetings, for a one hundred-dolla- r share in the ine nothing is governed rightly , where there U we;own previous mcetini? were renri nmi Ac Mercantile Institution, : vxuci cMaoiisnea. Order is .one thin Moroniu "iW cepted, and minutes read of "meetings held by we come here to be., instructed treasurers cash and hands, let in; then articles for sale, amounting to one hundred the. Young Ladies' Assooinf inn in ihn inti. us keep good order Ward. The meeting, which was among ourselves I nnd forty dollars. We large .and hold our meetings was addressed bv sifter Z. D attentive, m. "by-Sister- Vy z s confu-sion.,J5ejUct- to rSoforUt-Great-inrerest- was j s - R(T-deem- t.- l er JH. . fi-f- c s f - gla(lmorning-.miuutesofthepreviousmee- "T--T . ir or TT-nt,- ,i - . , Co-operat- ive 