WO MAN'S EXPONENT. of system renders domestic duties tedious and and her interests can n more be separated from WHAT NOT. But the opposite course being those of man, than could the world exist. with troublesome. taken by the mother the superintendent and only one sex. It is to be hoped tliat this fact :TiiEfigure 0 is said to be like a peamanager of the wholewill ensure general Will have fuII7verghl tn the future agitation of cock because it is 0 without its tail. satisfaction and pleasure in all the rounds of the "Woman Question;' ' and if it has, and the A and beautiful lady is described as extreme deand ehow a domestic life. Let parents that they revolutionary theories of few "lengthened sweetness long drawn out." Lare discarded, it will be but a few years until lightra they should dof in the neetarj'duties falls in love with an tall which they ierform and the same spirit will be diffused through the whole family circle and life's labors will be. accomplished hHbJissful harmony, while peace and prosperity and joy will be gathered as the golden grain and deli ' cious fruits. WHENagirl unlucky and every-oth- er her heart always goes pity-Pa- t. Irishman, legitimate one associated with it, will be en Tub gentleman" whoTaf elylook the fresh joyed bywomen thrpughouOhhited States air in the Central Park is requested to re, be in advance of Britain and store it. not behind it in such a matter, of. human pro, The highest office within the gift of the gress. ;f;;. :. people"; is the weather signal station on the. desired political-rig- ht, which-'-should- 'JAV'--'-- - V- - : , Ikeiiak- HOME AFFAIRS. - : "I'm going to draw, this beau into a Two moke of those interesting letters from knot," as the lady said when standing at no agitation looking to the accomMiss. Eliza It. Snow will be found in the the Hymeneal altar. of a result great plishment everirresjieiij5o A tourist who was asked in what part or at the same .had present number of the JExroNEXT. in the " Perhaps stage time, rapidly Tiik Palestine Party entirely missed the '72-their continuous route seeks to secure- - for womeiV the right 'to enjoy late Winter of and -- exercise theelecti ve franchise, and the bringing them to each point which they visited y means: of i n j ust as merry Spri ng approached. Mr. U ttle righ t to earn her 1 i vi ng" he has ho recollection of having seen a dustry open to man for whichslid has capacity. says Jglnrp 3, byr-an- IiLsome .of of thiRepublie--notably- the-Sted-es harmony among young ladies. that" thc"finest Iliglr School: particle of ice since tho close of the previous in United States is at Omaha, the Winter. y building L high-soundi- L ; ng tUat-even-la- " V dies 2-t- 1 -isr-saidr ' Massachusettswhere Fourteen days of almost constant rain is had been made, the agitation has appeared to be ret rograd i ug instead of advancing, yetwhite something so remarkabie ihl the history of this has been the case in one or two places, the Utah, since its settlement, that it is question able if any previous' year has witnessed it. :progress jir other parts of the world has been Yet that is something like what we have had rapid and marked. From Turkey comes in- Jbrmation thata great innovation has been made during the month of May, in the presenth year; undiit has been a climatic phenomenon-wortjajpuvenerable custom, aiid 7 7: higest rank are proposinglladisrard thereat remembering. The latest news received from those of the vails which have been used for long centuries to cover woman's features, so that ho man's Palestine party now in Europe was in a short gazejnight rest upon them unless that of the telegram which appeared in the daily papers husband. This would be as much of a step in last week, stating that President George A. advance there as for the women of the United Smith had been present at a conference of the States to be placed in possession of the elective Saints held in London, on the Sunday pre .Elder F. .Little and Miss franchise. In England, where there is the ex- vious, .May of the party, returned Home since Claire ample of a woman for chief ruler of that mighty the lastLittle, number of the Exionent was issued lower, the. advance towards woman suffrage on the 21st ult. in good health, and uis equa led, i V not su rpa ssed , the wannest arriving from Europe by Mrs. Little who expectations of those engaged in the agitation, accompanied had crossed the Atlantic to meet them. A measure introduced in the House of Com the seventy-thir- d birthday of Presi mons, by Mr. Jacob Bright, to extend the dent Young, finds that honored suffrage to women, was lately defeated, yet it memberBrigham of the Church of Jesus Christ of is only a few years ago since the proposition of Latter-da-y Saints, still active and energetic in such a measure in the British Parliament would have been sneered down, and been met the cause of Truth, for which he has labored so with nothing stronger than ridicule and con- exclusively for more than forty years. For one of his age, his heal th is very excellent ; he is tempt. The fact that it can now be introduced and calmly discussed shows an unexpected still able to speak in his natural, clear and voice to the entire satisfaction of change of sentiment, that indicates success at a impressive large congregatlonsjjanM not very remote amliTesfryBieet i ngs and pa ochia I elect ions, and confidence of the jeople to whom he has g women to speakijid the right of u vote is recognize L Switzerland is freaking longisi neef ly "pro veiniiniself trustworthy servant and counselor, down women friend, : of Switzerland he felt the heat most, replied "When I was going to Berne." - 7 Next to a new bonnet, a black moustache has been known to do the. most violence to 1 Nebraska. Cost, $250,000. A Successful female - barber i n Phil shows what woman may "do to "razor" self to ' independence. NE Missouri editor says of another that y "his ears would do for awnings for a establishment." wholesale A Yale College student said he had "rather be boss pancake baker in Vassar College, than to have Professor Tyndall's " head on his shoulders." of Big Rapids reThe solved to close their saloons and kill their town if the council cidn't reduce their license from $500 to $300. The council hia ten-stor- hog-packi- saloon-keepe- ng rs didn't-.- , CoMrosiTOiis often put in queer things "to fill out a column." Hero is the latest: "Does not a young mother's heart leap 4th with joy when she beholds her darling babe's 1st 2th. '7 better ask for manners than x "You had money," said a finely dressed gentleman to a .beggar who asked for alms. "I asked you for what I thought you had the most of," was the reply. A 'Frisco man runs a partnership business alone, being both pound-mastand, dealer!. He killed J221 dogsin sausage bwwderAvliy-thoy--gothe Aprilparid their best links so late in the spring. . editor of the NewWiiitelaw York Tribune, gets a salary of $10,000 per has $10,000, TV" , Times; Beports fiioji Mrs. A. M. Frodsham, Scere- - j year, t Jennings uuu on ine yvona; nuuson nau taoT of the Belief Society of Ogden hnwii'itiuro,y"nilson the Herald, and was retired on the young ladies of that city have been organ- $20,000 a pension of $10,000. j.i:j.:.i'J:;. ized into an association, and hold meetings Ax unimaginative individual on visiting for the purpose of assisting the Ifelief Society in its charitable labors, and also the Tails of Niagara was greatly perplexed to at the astonishment expressed by his to gain wisdom from instructions-pertaininand one of them exclaiming to him, the Gospel of Christ and all useful branches of it not a most wonderful fall?" replied, practical education.. Seventy members have "Is "Wonderful! no; I see nothing wonderful already been admitted to this Society of young the watcr-froladies. We wish them all success, and gratc-- f in it. Why, What's to hinder 'ILZ falling?" . u v. acknowledge a special a nd very cord ial A ScnooL-bo- y invitation from them to attend their next being requested to write a meeting, to be held in the new city halb composition upon the subject of "Pins," Ogden, on Thursday, othinst., at 4 o'clock in produced the following: "Pins are very useful. They have saved the lives of a the afternoon. " : great many Women and children in fact, A novel hy the Princess Math ilde Bona- whole families." "How so?" asked the parte, entitled "Ia Dame a la Bubine," will puzzled teacher; and the' boy replied, ",WhY shortly Ix; published. This novel, it is said, by not swallowing them." This matches was laid be fore 3L Prosper Merimec, some the story of the other boy who defined salt-a- "s time leforc his decease, and was corrected "the stir flf thaOnakes potatoes taste liid . 'when you don't put on any." by him. To-da- y, day-uljUiro- u tax-payin- er t - 1 the barriers which prohibited, from obtaining education at her leading seminaries. While, under the protecting care of the Crown Princess of Germany, Queen daughter, woman's advaucemeut in many ways is being widely encouraged and forwarded. In the United States the agitation has been seriously injured by the extreme views urged by certain advocates of woman's rights; views that, if widely entertained and practised, would uproot society, bring sociaj ckaos, and' introduce another cycle of "dark ages" Every argument which aims at dividing the interests, of the sexes, is a blow to human progress, weak or powerful as the case may he. And while woman should have and enjoy every right which her Creator has designed for her. She never can form nor have a world of her own, where "horrid man" will not be found." The "Woman Question" is the question of both man and woman; and "woman's rights'! si km Id ns deeply interest men as women. Woman' is ihe mother of the world, Vic-tori- a's Semi-monthl- y, cpm-panion- g s, m 1 1 . 1 - . . 