ir r v ri4 4 M v lift VI.1 V 'D I For tho Brother Max field.. Counselor 3 Irs. Ann lv Lauri;m, Seen Report from Lehi, July 11th 1878: Our : ; Society is still prospering; the sisters are tary. unitedpiot only in helping thepoor at home, At Ogden, July 10th, 1873, Professor but also doing their best to assist the poor brethren and sisters in other lands, that 'Mpnch's School, Examination and tlie meetbless- - ing of the Relief Society being held the they may come and enjoy some of Jhe i n gs we e njoy i n t hese peace fu I valleys. same day, it was thought best by President The EXpoxext is a welcome visitor aniong F. 1), Richards, that they should unite and us, and we wish more of the sisters could botli be conducted in the City Hall.. rV The laaies of the Society met at two realize its value. t ocKX'K.. aiso some oi tne leaumg men oi Rebecca Standrixg, Secretary. ugucii. iiie, classes or ine scihmji were brought in in their respective orders under The following comes to hand from Rich the of the Professor. Much of mond, beariner date July 3rd, 1873: The the supervision was done i'i consort, in a manRichmond Relief Society was organized ner recitingcreditable to 'both Teacher and highly June 4th 1808. We held our annual meet scholars. After the recitations of the ing June 4th.the present season and found classes, the audience listened with much our donations to the poor had been liberal, interest to the ls singing of some of besides, donations to I ihVKE. VFurtcF and and a declamation by Mr. C. Richards, which other purposes, in the last year: 7v e have were and yell executed. Also a working bees" in Richmond i as well as piece, promptly "The Modocs " by a voung gentle quie, listless ones who man which deserved credit. A dialogue own household d uties and leave the cares of read by Mr. Brown and Miss Hill with was the Society to the few who are willing to 2IIIII tMinrirv i iiiiii ii .n rir p work for: their own interest and that of the .iim The "School Paper" was read by Kingdom of . God. Accept, sincerely our plause. ' tloll.mfi rnlit,! in Dnmnpl'o "" Hint nn ii''n t:ic iiiiuiiiji best wishes in behalf of your worthy entermade by President ' I). Rishards, W. W. .'V"Y;"T7T7' prise. ). II. Peery and others; expressing .1 li It Sarah Axx Merrill, Prest Burton, pi easure auu saiisiaciion wi in x ne arrernoon s Betbv Brower, Secretary. entertainment, also congratulating Professor luuiini i;h nix success ano aoiuiies as a ; Dutj's path wy lea Is away Towft"(d the risirg sur; The shadows misty morning gray Enfold the mountains dun; Their hr ry peaks long shadows throw, Quh.t eehos dwell amopg, bidden vales seod fom below lrep i Wild watf Ta' i inging song. s Benediction by God like a fire is burning." It. S. REPORTS. Expokest. GRIM DUTY. . ? ; J r . , 1 V But though the way seems lone and rougb, '1 ia but to waken z al In thope whose love ia warm enough True ardor's Are to feel. r Though c louds may lower and thunders roar : The timid to aflruht, Fa r faith breathes clmly evermore, cyoRa mis au js iignt." And Duty's self, so seaming grim, to the sun; tier face ia not by pilgrim seen ' Until ihe jeotil is won; Kike ekrven "stone she pointing stands, . Unheeding anguh-hecries; The rod she holds in ridgid hands, Affrights the pleading eyes. 'Loksevr . -- : : . 't v , the-gir- , Tmoffiniihnn fluHort nnop to-the- only-attet- Kl - Each plain thing to ditorr, To ehnnge h'gh couree into fear. Tf. smite each heavy heart, To paint 11 things in darkest fchade, T.i mngr ify ail ills, To b d all hopeful visions fade And break the bravest wills. . -- j 1 Tk e pearly shades of infant morn Appear foreboding gloo m; he joyous echoes.'sound forlorn As wailings o'er a tomb; The deeptontd thunder's, mighty peal South Cottox wood Ward, The falsa one raffing fiends Wayfarers to devour. The ?urjling watfrs in the vales. She faith ar roaring fljodt; ; The softly sighing upland gales, Rornis not to be withstood; The gentle slopes appear too steep Eor weary feet to tread, And shadows sweet, by mounds asleep, Like precipices dread. The rustle cool of sminer leaves sterna like a serpent's hi?. The kind caress which friendship gives, A very Judas kiss. bhe weaves her spell for human woe, , To turn Ihem from the way, That they may not triumphant go i nrougn 10 ine.jana ci u&y. A J " Teacher. , . J " and other sisters from the adjoining wards who offered good instructions and encourag mg words. The spirit of the meeting was to impress upon the minds of the sisters, the importance of eaeh one seeking diligently to carry out the commandments of God, given in words of counsel by. President Brigham Young. They were advised to take an interest in saving their rags and 1 And busily she flits between Weak human eyes and faith In du'y, who, if fairly seen, la net a mocking wraith .. Delighting in her foll'wers pain And smiting with rod, Hut promising eternal gain And pointibg up to God. - And those who fellow her sure guide Unto the utmost height, Behold, entranced, the prospect wide The source of living light,. -The risen sun, the perfect day, The glorious halo thrown Around tha toiler who can say "31 y work is nobly done." -- -- ' From Nephi. Editor AVomax's 1 Ex-roxEXTu- the day for our annual meeting, but owing to the house being occupied, our meeting was postponed till the 28th, when we met according to adjournment. Order was called by Counselor Elizabeth KendaU; after singing and prayer, many good remarks were made bv assisting-tomak- etheir wn bookstand tth'rtrethfenaMsTe'rs present, exhorting papers, unitedly commencing and maturing all to faithfulness and diligence and enthose plans suggested by President Young. couraging all in every good word and work. The jxpoxext was also spoken ol favorably Our financial reiwrt shows that we are auu iuu ftisicrs wuru auviseu ioj am in sus hut slowly; still we are trying to do it. The of subject taining educating the best we can, not only in worldly matters children, the way to bring them up in the i!Lfiyiyff JPgi veajvonl oT ad vice ways of 1 ra t li and righ teoiisness, was treated to those who are in need. We realize that v uponi All were counseled to have their it ;is the faithful - few, who will gain the child reit learn some good trade; the boys to promised while the larger portion learn stone cutting; farming, carpentering, neglect theblessings, duties that belong to them, and blacksmithing, and any other good and useful seem to think them of iiiiuer consennpnop. trade; and the girls to be taught type set Such must inevitably come short of obtaining, ting, now to print, dressmaking and such the: glory, that "'the faithful wiH'nthiin tn suitable works. The Bishop said the sisters Our much loved President is ubheld and were to go ahead in the great work they sustained by her counselors, the Board of ' had cominenced and he would give them enTeachers, Secretary and Treasurer, with couragement and help them all he could' many more faithful sisters in the Societv. V The President, Sister Cahoon, is a good, Amelia GouxsnitorGii, President. faithful Saint, striving to ELIZABETH KEX HA LL, ) "ft ounelors periorm iui tne duties belonjrimr to her Jaxe PlCTOX, f The sisters are nnited in good feeling and A.- Jj. Bigler, Secrehir are striving to do all they can id prove they Axx Andrews. Treasurer. Sarah know that it is woman's portion to be full of cnarity, to seek out the1 oppressed, the poor Report of the Fifth Annual of ftho widow and the orphan" and impart to the Relief Society of Wellsville. Meeting Cache Co.. t ihem of The meeting was July 11th, at 2 o'clock p. m. Bishop William adjourned untill the second Thursday in Maughan with several other brethren and June at one o'clock. Singing "The 'Spirit of President Mrs M. A. 3faughan of Lojran ; j , " 4, ; i -- 1 -- : O, Pilgrims! heed the faithful guide" "Who will so kindly lead Your footsteps up the mountain 'side I - ' LtjDxltok ne 23rd-w- as pro-ffr.si.- And Duty's face, with smiles aglow, Now meets his 'raptured gaze A "sceDter" is the rod she bore I And pleasant look the way Which had before bo dreadful seemed As faintly ho toild on; The full light sparkles on the streams Which sang through misty dawn, How vain how needless were his fears I How blind his groping eyes I How false that everything was drear " "Which wore sweet duty's guise I A shining angel, there she stands, Endowed with beauties rare, And points th way with tireless handf, To those who struggle there. - From fancied terrors freed. The mornig breaks, the sun appears, No gloom before him dwell; steadfast through the night of tears yW hich mornig light dispels. 1 Professor Mnnh mndp snm nn. July propriate remarks to his scholars and vistors. The following is a brief synopsis of the He has been energetic and untiring in minutes of our fourth annual meeting, held establishing a first class school in Ogden; May 1 7, 1873. Singing, "Arise my soul and deserves the warmest thanks of the arise." Prayer by Bishop Rawlins. Sing- residents of that place. The afternoon exercises were closed with ing, "How beautious are their feet." The minutes of the previous meeting Were read uivci u i lcfliuriib r i . inn :im.s. - ..." and accepted; also accounts of receipts and The scholars were left in charge of their disbursements for the year ending May 17th, Teacher,' and the Society under the direction 1873, which made a very favorable showing. of Mrs. J. S. Richards, President, to trans The Bishop;: brother Rawlins, and his act any necessary business. The meeting Counselors Ave re present, also sister Kimball of the Society was adjourned for two weeks. and sister Zina Young from Salt Lake" City, i. .i r . .1--r. 15th, 1873. PRith n.r J ;y; 1 '1 . i 1 vi'nui , v hr ir her-sulta- I I nce. nff 