two ii r r m ILnMOWt'!"jJl'iaJ yrttrawMwrirTtrtffriri W O M'A N' S" EXP 0 NNIT) :U1 I the poor and administer to their wants. como Saint. "I atii'rlliantful Hna we "liivconc the foam which gathers: on the top, a cool it in jars. After covering tightly set which is an angelic ce, is. only a tlth- - orgtnfaauctofcfycwig'm ,,., "(li?i the them away in a cool cellar. ing pfitwhat should bo the result of these and veiy 'lhteresting remarks meetingladjourned for two weeks,' after: fciijgin:', Dai Bi?a Blookgett, oi'Ogdenburgh, X. lorgaoizaUpj.Xihbpleunderdtood', thisr subjpKjt aa Jppph Smith did, the moraV 'fVVnke O.wakc the world' froin' ri.jepinjV' and Y., 'ivriting to the "Dental Co3mos,,, once benediction of not Counselor a Mrs. Zina'D. Young, character, condemned the use, of fine cliarcoal as a .every, woman, who is by member of a B. Society would bo questioned tooth powder. lie asserts' that it is t as off It is the priyilegeof wpinari to give characsharp as'diamond yustandisoon.wears IIOUSEnotD IHK1U. V ..t ter to( soety, and she doess do it ; As sure the enaiiiel. He says: "The. great dentias the 'sisters arise and take hold of the frice that should be used at all .times, and work J' the brethren ! will ' wake up, because iTxkfr things quietly,' friend.!. .antl. ;you under all circumstances, is soap. Its alkawill and L Jhpso thereby protect yourselves, line properties serve to neutralize the acids iheniustW'jit thV head and" instead of contained in the fluids of the mouth, and its devoting their 'attention to; the1 gaining of arundyouyifronlmuch.unnecessarytroulilQ. Doubtless, jherearej :tem)6raweaitH"Which Cleansing properties y ill correct it h e. breatlu to j our ) to worldi calculated pern temper, try wiH seelrfirst thelOngdom of God, and let and remove offensive odor ;soouerr than any them but. ; ? which taking article I have seen tried!" thejLdrdaddhls blessings hej has plXottndk.tormentii3; their .best " Corn Soxjp, Eight large ears,' cut off the wayofi lessening! promised!' Counselor Zina D. Young said: quietly ;isn the of a a basket . ; eggs errains and dear sisters we have been truly blessed power, If man,icarrying scrape the cobs. Cdver this with' an on meets : thi3!afternoouf in his. with where accident, head, words life the of hearing water, (riot too much) and boil until perfectly and salvation; they are just as binding upon by .the basket is overtuniedandhoeggsi done.4' Now add two uart3 of; milklejtjt us air t houghs theyhad been rgjyen i by .pro- are broken, will the stamping and istqrm ing, m isfor cbnitobltfitirtiirtw jiis , tearing and wearing, lessen-h- is phets i?TV7erGT Itnotlfb butteriIed in a r onelof rh isji broken eggs? of jrecOver tune, would asa afew itooui Won to priceless do; Mrdynotphenjhw of three the eggs welPbeaterijpoarhf-soi- i yolks howiactiyewo should be in seeking to carry ofl his-- frenzy, and how much wiser., ypuld it ren themy I stirring1 hardball t he; ti ni e. " p ou the iworfc:: whlchis before us. "Ifeel boj tj f ako thin jgs quietly I There.are some Serve immediately after' seasoniug to taste. unless on who earth livo Can persons hardly to cast God that our lot is in this grateful Cake. One cujxVof sugar,' one land and. in, this time. We should consider they are bouncing and bursting about like of I'iIain one egg two arid one naif edps of !l ourselves blessed above all other women in sq many squibs and crackers, and who, ,0110 flouereain, r, one teaspoonful of .soda,;a little ;sal t. : would hardly think heaven imagine, might f- -J thewgrtd M made interesting' remarks after which itself; worth havi ng, unless they went th ere; Any spice your iike.r i Counselor Mrs. Woodru ff said 2771 feel likes, hi a : Avoid such people i Suq Ar. Bre ADTh ree pounds of sugar; , What is the use pf one and one, half of buttc;i pounds of weulddai bomb-shel- l. exDressjn -we' iiaVel heard; jVe enjoy hiariy privilege going! through i the wbrld like a volcano flour eight ;eggsi one : ounce arid "three Z t and 'V would thate could more fully appre raging, and .roaring, spitting, and spouting copper weight of .baking powder, and one direction, annoying others, pint of sour milk. Mix not too stiff, and ciatdtli&ntoiibe fife :'.Lv bake in a moderate heat' permftted to liaVe a name amongthls people, 'and spending ourselves to no purpose ? Six cups of sifted who are or should be a light to the world. H We have heard ef the philosopher who, r Measure ' Cake. tearflour,' four of powdered sugar, one' cup of Counselor 'Mrs; & Kimball remarked that; on observing a man frantic with grief,' I am pleased with the privilege of adding my ing the hair from his head, exclaimed. to sour cream, one euptof butter and; five eggs. testimony to what has been said. If I may those around, 'Doeth this man think j that Cream half the flour with the butter, the select any i subject which has been more in baldness is a remedy for grief ?" There was other half sift into the eggs and sugar after' terestiug to! me than another it is that much wisdom in the remark. If, by giving they have been well beaten together. Mix -toudiingupon ihenecessity of understand- way to passion or ungdvernablo grief,. wrer- well, and just before baking add the cream, with one teasix)onfuli ing the organization of the Belief Societies, could thereby ' remove or lessen our there would be, some sense, in. our of one lemon. Bakequickly. p I know, .of no Ward that properly sustains -, if,1 on the a it is them and if there contrary, invariably remedy ! don't know rlvirig!b'ut where to find.it I have thought the sisters increased our distress, why then, friends! A FEEEOwhavingbeen "sworn to the truth" ; a f statement he had made, afterwards .were benefitted by meeting together and ybu will agree with us. that it is much better of confessed! that tho major part of it was false. interchanging; ideas." Sister Home once to take things quietly. By eiiimuess our energies are rendered " Did you swear to the truth of it?" he was suggestejd that Ave "send missionaries to the " Yes," he replied, but I did not iffernt iVards. Mrs. MaryrBThompson doubly effective; and a man with an unruf- asked; observed that, she had always felt a deep fled spirit does that easily which under the swear to the falsehood of it and part of it . . . interest in r the' Belief Societies andTwas influence t)f passion he could not perform at was Jruth L -k.;: .,' plased td- hear so good a report from the all 'liscellany." IScientific Pun. A gentleman was southern settlements. Mrs. Whatmough ; Seasoning inthe glass in a showing a friend a balloon of spoke of tho interest she had felt for the vessel of cold water and heat the water flated with .oxygen. " But," observed the tlatfgTiter8-bf.Zionvv-:young ladies: of the1 gradaally: 1 until i t .'.boils.- Glasses .of every friend, f if: the oxygen should escape, Jiow.,1 19th Ward were once organized into a descriptionIthtprepared,tJss;u on can you get it into the bladder again ?"- ; had President but their afterwards bear, boiling. , water' ' .poured Society, "That ;: is not the; diflScUlty,' guoth a bytill i notr left the city and for some time past liotvi wlflirtiif IntftW slander, "it is not how, to get the oxygen their meetings bad been discontinued. She u Lemon Z DiJAirLiNGti.-Min- ce four ; ounces intcrthe bladder again, but" h6w to get the : felt very anxibusjto have them reorganised, of suet, and' mix" i t witli ';thoTrSame'quantit bladder into the ox again!",Lj " T, ; to to for them house belug willing, open. her t of iiioist half a pound of ALMOXD custartlsare thus made: Blanched hold meetings :in, Eupplying- lights and fire and the sugar,and peel of a lem6n cu t small. juice sweet almonds, four ounces;- - beat them to a It, - Snow Put them into tea cups, "and boil them during tho winter. Counselor - smooth paste in a mortar, and add it to' one said:, o :My :6ister8IieTeJs an opening to do of an hour. , thick1 cream with the yolks of four to lo aU desire a work of salvation, Vc : CiEANINCf when pint of luster) bTOVES.Stoye eggs," two or three spoonfuls of 'rose water,' good, but we have got. to take some tangi: mixed with and inthe applied turpentine two drops each-- ' of essehtiaTMiiiibf aP ; fast and pray Iwt Wor po)ntsn .iltis good-t' d and lin more is usual manner, blacker; assy gl mohdsand essence of lemon. i Stir the whole ' we must combine some particular, acts with when mixed with more durable than any ovef ; a slow fire, until of a oux.fith.Xnpur efforts1. to produce a reform cither liquid. The turpentine prevents rust, 'proper consis-- f amdiig. the,". yx)ung wo met "the greatest and :when tencej then pour it into ciipsv.5.1 Some use stove an old will on' put milk instead of cream, and two eggs in l opposition from Hibse who should have been make it look as good as new; ' . 1 saviors' on .Mount Zion. Let every mother addition to the above. v; f ul of corn, One tal espoon Lemon; pie. enwuragathe1 jnovementspoken GfibyiMrs. ' ' Our young people knovr nothing of the starch, "wet with a little' cold water,1 fctirfed ;Ten parts of tin, combined with one hunwater of a into poqr boiling j cup it, tailing, dred :of copper, form bronze j is tho usual power of the Gospel. In the early days of the - the on of ed .tablcspoonfulLof sugarand."a tle "well as "parents-possess.Cora mon enas composition 1 ChurchTichildf ' After it cools, add the4juicoand is composed of three parts of copper Spirit of God. I'. Lct every sister realize that she butter. r. ' one and one lemon beaten of rind egg. and one of tin; For very small r bells, a i is called tb; be'' a savior on Mount Zion , and en- Bake with a upper and lower crust. small portion of: zinc improves the tone. gaged in the work of salvation which is needed in To all the Speculum metal for telescopes is composed our midst every day. It docs not do to only think, 7 Xeeping itoney. keep Honey a1 let" run fitie our it in talk and succeed 'sieve of equal part3 of tin and copper. ; It is very but we have got to feel,' through yeir round, aims," and so sure as the young ladies, become to separate from particles of wat; then boil white, very hard and close, in grain, and Saipts, the young men will exert themselves to be- - t gently in an earthen vessel skim off ecei ves an exquisite polish. " ' ! y , fn:-ti- i ; ; 4 , , -- f T 1 -- 1 F ' 1 1 s T ; 1 ; i ( - ailthe--5oundofuthe-Gos- pei the-whoIe-- loil f , t I ; 1 -- Bky-rock- as-yo- etl u , : ; . . I 5 in-eve- ry: -- ; ; , L -- A x alllic-tlons- - -- : ? . - : . : -- . -- . and,-self-possessio- n 1 GLAss.-3-PIac- j e ox-bladd- ef -- f - f : tte-treMchm- ent 1 -- t . bread-crumb- s, - . -- three-quarte- rs : ! o 1 r.. ; f -- Wat-nioug- h. 1 : i a-cu- p bell-met- for-stat- ues. J 1 - i 11 