II (fifltflft S rtiltl if igj Vol. I. rTTTTiTf tJAyr EDITORIAL, NOTES. 5, ' TnE Mormon question How wives has he? The PorE still lingers in fecblo health, not expected long to survive. A Rhode Island man is under arrest for the horrible crime of kicking his wife to death. ;Was this worse than brute worthy to have a wife! declares he would go hungry two days rather than eat an old Such friendship should personal friend. be appreciated ! The Tower of Babel style, is the name wo now in vogue. propose for a kind of head-dres- s It rises toward heavo but its "WnerFAvfll . , never climb there by it. Fears of a general Indian War 873. women of the thoughtful are, without consumed by fire. But wnnlo tipI not. (.1.1! ' any oruer or .day, vioiaung law, superceding worry themselves over the prospect of the 1 many me sterner sex world's being thrown back into barbarism : Mark Twain 1 over the m ROBERTRosEVELT-hoidthe-ladi- es responsible for a drag on legislation on irreat day "whentMyi crowd the galleries 'of congress and "certain members air their rnetorie just to let the ladies see what they can do jmdlhe tMnks:ihis should bo remedied by the Sdids visiting the halls of Congress more frequently,-- a remedy which many ladies would consider a good one. Civil war is actually ragingin Louisiana, as a consequenee.of there being two governments in the State one supported by the United States governmentthe other by the majority orthepeople of the State. Armed bands of men, supplied with artillery, are inzejfieldMlocKly: contests Hire: :of e. g - , ; . w-e- ll ; 1 ' their-stores-of-found- . ation It-ha- . s beeause of-tfailure-o- f the supply of fuel; the same beneficent Hand that formed the coal beds' from the flora of prehistoric ages, can furnish another supply should this become exhausted. One of the saddest things we have seen recorded for a long time was the case of a boy fifteen years of agearrested and imprisoned ' in New York the other day, on the charge of being drunk, yet who had not taken! iquor On an investigation of the case it was discovered that before the "boy? was bora Jiisr;father had-- , been - a- - habitual bu t secret ilrunkard, and when was made known to the wifo it almost deprived her of reason. Her child was born, and grew up bearing all the outward appearances ofjbeing a ckunka t temper ate He has the air, the manners, the look. and the reeling gait of one intoxicated, and when excited stammers, and speaks in broken words, like a drunken man. Thus his life has been blasted and his earthly ex istence cursed by his father's sin. It should be added, however, that the father, when he learned how terribly the news of his degradation affected his wife, mado and kept a resolution of reform, became an altered and temperate man, and is now tho father of a family of bright, intelligent children all but the fated -- he aMosCdaily-occurrencIs this the begin-inwest are widely felt, and may possibly be of another tribulation? realized if the cry for the extermination.of from Paris describes a meetthe aborigines continues and is sustained by A ofwriter French women, where she says a mob ing : the country. : . was at the entrance, and as a woman rose to Where women have the right to vote in speak, a chair was hurled at her: and as school districts,1 schools increase andgrog-gerie- s another woman rose, chairs were hurled decrease. The moral is obvious. Let over the heads of the audience. Ave. have there bamoro schools and fewer dens of in- read of the extraordinary politeness of the " temperance 1; "Messieurs," hut was scarcelv aware of its TnE motto of the Good Templar, girls of consistency being so similar to that Of Chris ... Salem, New Jersey, is worth recording in tian purity." for gengolden letters, and being hung up It has been proved, by scientific re"The is: eral admiration and adoption. It searches, that tho perfume of flowers overnever shall touch wine touch lips that comes noxious vapors that are often in the : riS-.--:C mine." atmosphere, especially the exhalations from to be come Official, dishonesty has marshy grounds or decomposing animal as a rather looked upon, in this country, matter. In other words, they are healthful, as a and of kind commendable "smartness," as minister to the and add to life as . "flowers; consequence, the. public:, h enjoyment and of rewarding and applauding portunities perfume flowers then, for their beauty; for their fragrance; and you will increase public robbers. A bridge gave way at a baptism at Dix- the general health as a result. on, near the Illinois State line, and precipiGreat men are dropping off suddenly. tating a crowd of people into the river, over Chief Justice Chase, a truly great man, a fifty of whom were drowned or killed, is "pillar in the State of solid form,' a just one of the latest horrors reported; and "no-. judge, a wise statesman, and a firm upholder :T " a to usuair blame, body of the Constitution of our country, died in of New.York.haye NewYork::last week; andiis Two police captains nendser as vices ; wer beehrejpresentedtd Mayor Havemeyer estabin interests gambling Monday, 12 th inst. He will long be rehaving pecuniary be promoted membered as one of the most conservative lishments. They will probably to men in the government, at a time when the as Governors sent to judgeships or be some of the Territories. centralizing tendencies , of the age were Iowa rapidly stripping the American people of A Marriageable young lady in was lately locked in her room by her their sovereign rights reserved by them in writ the Constitution. John Stuart Mill, the father, but her lover got her out by aThat's eminent' of habeas corpus, and married her. what comes of understanding "business." advocate of "woman's rights, also died last More young men .should go to studying law. week at Avignon, France; having left behind him, in his works, a memory that Will Historians and novelists of this country, : matter bo. enduring. -will find - for the present period been discovered that chalk can bo largely ; increased and used as fuel, by placing it in a grate with from the incidents recorded of the fierce the Modocs. . But small, alternate layers, of coal. 7 .If, as some people bloody t war"-wi- fh indeed, are the" gains in such instances, imagine, the coal supply of the globe .is rapidly becoming exhausted, some substitute compared with the losses. of chalk in TnE late claims of the women of Massa- must be found, bul thuantity the world, so far as known, would not meet chusetts, and their petition to the Senato "and House of Representatives of the com- the demand for a great length of time. ; In monwealth of that State, to have plurality burning coal the inhabitants of the earth of wives recognized and legalized' in order now are using up the "preserved sunbeams'? poured upon that tho surplus women may be provided of past ages, the heat thenand warmth becoming with homes and husbands, as it is every vegetation yielding in the shape woman's right to be, shows that in this as useful now, as that vegetation, elements to the by being well as other matters, the intelligent and of coal, is returned . rfitfii :r : the-fiie- t- , first-bor- n. FRUIT FOR CHILDREN. Fruits have been marked as the special enemies of i childhood tho things to bo avoided atthat age abovo 'aU the rest. Farmers, unable to keep their children out of their orchards, have been known to cut so a3 to place tho down their fruit-tree- s pernicious things beyond their reach; and nothing is more common than to hear men and women predicting that "the season is going to be sickly because there is so much fruit." It would be difficult to conceive of any notion more absurd- than this; and yet - it has had formany"year "the sanction of the highest medical authority. 'Ono of the precepts that have come down to us from the most ancient school of medicine founded in Christendom contains a warning against the enjoyment of these rich gifts of Providence "Autumni fructus caveas, no sint tibi luctus" and well and faithfully has the precept been inculcated by the successors of. Instinct and the faculty of Salernum. reason, however, have begun at last to prevail over the heresy, and now physicians generally when asked an opinion, say, Eat aUtlieTruu you want the more the better." And, indeed, nothing could be more sensible than this answer. 1 am not suro the sense of languor and lassitude so generally felt in the Spring is not owing to the want of fruit, from which probably results a state of the d system --bordering on scurvy. By fruits and the vegetables of Summer, that scorbutic , tendency is corrected, and in Autumn, as a consequence the acme "of health is attained. On this account I should' place foremost among the culinary inventions of our times the art of preserving fruiti in their fresh state all the year round. "Home and School." sub-aci- .. . 