1. W 0 M A N'SEXP 0 N E N T. 171 WIIAT-O- T. all who have a desire to, may be able- tb name of our .Society. We feel there is ' ; , ,:'.1f purchase it. important worn ueiore u, deuned to make v Yours .il: J. a link in' the chain of the great reformatory ' llespectfully, Xotiiing4 is so reasomibie and cheap' as A. 8. llOGEiis. Secretary. 'r. f plan in these Iatter-dayt good manners; : , ipierittAr' foiWcs ' soaititdf- ijyuia iiohnk, rresiaenu ' A.Xq 3. r iii. lex a JiAiKx, becrctary. cotton seed. "f v.::"r:" LouisvilLe iwUcemeu are provided with f iUlOUUi On Saturday, the 20th of April, another wliepllKirmws. ;. JfcV vvw&um :y !: e about'forty-llvfamilies; consequently only interesting testiniy meeting wa hel our ' iii cans f are limited : ' but the Relief l eiren(nent 11? not keep his engagements. : : Society, SaV'. always been able to meet the of this city, tib usual place of meeting, their nrtfl . V( i eiltTklllQ nil llflTlll. Amoner A Connecticx'T horse has acquired the the speakers were Counselors Mrs Poor horse -f Wo hold meeting once a month, and a !1 feel airah M, Kimball,. Mrs. Zinit 1). Young, habit of cheAvin Mrs.'Phoebe Wc)0(lruff; arid sisters Wilimarth "IVeu io warns inu uiiuoc viigaguu xa. SARAit Glekn, Secretary. East Pixton from South Cottonwood, Mag- hair growing down close to ;th9;?;eyes.Ppor j.. gie C. Shipp, and Sarah Wheeler from the A. cHoss-ovn- d man in Newberg has bugar House ward. gathered around him eyen cross-eye- d servants. AVDMAN'S VOICE. t ni accord oflsewark : : ispensed with, majmnjcturers TiiEtocking fri VfiiiOTratf mi: are ,in t m "on luppea N J.,1 say that thelarget sixes ..... ' Hnwmff rem! thrx nooiiti fill tfjtimntiiPT3 nfl Phiuin lint with thA heln of the Ioru we H rcnnil ,m thf time many of my sisters in the Gospel,- that have 7 A young lawyer in North Oirolina was oreranoA SoMetv ha.' been appeared fromtime-to-.tiniju'- r l - t:'4-dJl'- L ized tlirec years.- We have not many poor I feel that I, too, should not neglect to add gerYices. r" It: T."'. TMrtwv'flVfin" -- thankful xf f ' If flirt a a Tt , . . ff tlairwe at !-! jliave to vtfjjl14 tv..LvM;' among iw'jr are TirACKERY acriticnr vjm-' I ihrst became soated kind and faithful President, and feel before tw: aiidr that sits judgment 1 tind crossed Plains God. the of prayers; Saints with the sustain her with our foith;arid mr i.ihiLn 7"jfin of -r-r SIIl-!1Hamtcaffi : Ian theZfirsiiBmpany-witn. our muiua iu. ir.--realized tblessingspromised to those who A JLouisville imanispppQ(LitQ. Uivtiia Adams, Aresuient. would start relying on Israel's God for capital punishment that he .can't even Selina Adams Secretary. -strength and protection and i can truiysay, tolerate paper imugii. a thafciu aU the varied rarid trying scenes I you should be asked when a cat is like hay had to pass through, I have never been teapptfyoii mightr; replyr "When you're Editoh Womanjh ExroNENT: Ooin it " Treswient Young,rin some of his , re- rtirnVon liv mv TTeavenlv' Father: but of have enjoyed that peace A man out West says he moved w many marks during Conference advocated the through all can God of for Saints mind which none but the one yearUhat when ever a cause of woman most kindly and wisely, times during ' T fnnl vnru wTjlfl th;lt. thfrft IS a which the young ladies of the 8tli ; Ward UAttr covered, wagon stopped at. the gate his can speak her chickens would fall on their backs and hold lletrenchiuent Association returnliim a vote channel through which woman ' flint TinwAVPT or and thrown of thanksr and wish Ihim to live long to see up their feet, in order to be tied or ue -tpiueu guidance. Tnnfh the women of tali may untlcr in. - :j.:---, heiirprosper outside the hv "fhpir sistersin ' - Louisa d5SraNX: President V. va was compl lmenting i pret ty A gentleman would who thousands are Counselor. world, there of his AVife. ;;,"It ,he presence Sarah Jane Chamberlain,tcm. . , Tv , ? , criitfi tn onrunv the position we hold, lor Anne Loss, Secretary pro. we not the respected, and honored wives ofmy dear." -"Well, yes, it is chilnot our Do heaven's true nobility? her,- wa the dry Relief Society of the of; J?: acknowledging The annual meeting dren have the privilege ArTTi.viririiiP Weber County, is reported as their fatbersr-an- d fathers their chUdrenK.OT ; i What a glorious. woritL thisA ould be, i r m r T fool thnnkfnl nnr unriiinl meetinsr. whiclii to .ti have. been agree' with former dates, should f'feir, I am a t ru c la bore r and daughters am be speare's shepherd: held some weeks before, but was postponed hv which owe no man , luU X free from the contain. I. earn ; what wear; I n on account of the prevalence of the teasels of evils of celibacy. -- Better, far envyno in the settlement, we held on the 20th , as the wives of men's good: content with my farm. was well attended by the sisters our position April. who than that of millions of women Moore, an industrious woman of and a goodly number of the brethren polygamists, The fimmcial victims of TopCka, Kansas,1 earned money enough; to gave much goodmiinstruction.;Treasurer. 31rs. in the world, who are daily., thq liusband and hv.tho a: men who have a "holy horror" of polygamy, support the f rt r'iofo tn livft -- with them , f f rnin th fair filiarac- and . she is of vvomen, and Ujen with scorrii" trample huSDand eloped W4th the niece ter there had been given mm me owicij there was her under their feetsmiply because she noW nicely rid of both. . : Bl8:lohavihg been ;disburscd, HOW long rn t.i .. 1tl.. .y, imsicu iu fliolr "v- - hollOr! mvii iwlMfffl saiu remainiug in the treasury,, in goous "Mother, iiiiwtsij Aveak shall the strong triumph .over the an apron, "I Relieve I will and in cash $24:30. time President. the 3Ik.s. Melissa SiiiitTEiFF, when i grow, up." How do Surely we have cause to pray that dchcsg shall , wiU soon come when righteousness , be a Dutchess, my daughter?" Mrs. Maky Tayloh, Secretary. .the i cover waters , : the onrth iwhmnn. in ho . . . me ., iiw hv. nv iuauiuM luyci 11 ' .oppress bUre" replied the girl, and the voice pi deep, mighty from write The sbters ' ; p; , , j ... - . 1. V? ,. . H. w ! , . Y"-- i i,jL;;i : : 5 ? - frr-rtlrtrtyti- : i t l- f ' . AVc-are-ii- -- . ; - . ot - v--m nThai y , - 1 - S" ? iJii - ' ' - a-ss- oio-- ys-th- sixarsince; - --- , ; . ? , : ; : f . -- t his-judici- ous 5 ;';r ; A. A a. vy x myia ; Syuc f ? 1 it inS -- lund to-da- y, , . ;PP "UC-fetter?'- , : ...nf good-for-nothi- ng A .."" , hcoll - . aun?." , 23rd; 1873 : We have nau.a eu ' thn Kflinnt directors ., 1 . tj.,., wi September (in, io.. tions. o. 1U . upm ume o ,iu this Place since 1808 ' to hasten God tne, r;r v;vlir ,ortv praying May, On the -with ;V redemption., f fofro hn had the small-poized as a Society, Jg - :,T""StS h.of l-t- 7set by sister , I r iu. . , , 4 x, , aiuLwooden leg, poor teeth, and a glass eye, if ix)ssible. Any gin uuac-ixi.commendations can' secure a permanent Utah in Federal Judge job by applying early. the and; getting; was playing win soiling out his. position . .yrIV II O II H boy A lnn I.!, . flyo eent iccc (he other eyen.n?,wnc purchaser appom tea ..u 1 latter rciuseu iu rt frioml had triven him, ana puuiu commen throughou (Thi3 one Iam i3ereating considerable me to the heathen." He kept ou. tT,.lvc the country. Evidently been caia.-to going appointed fcijo the men who have often in the .TerrUone P .Which sud. importan,po,it;us "V and notably iav . -you ,lost? asked to tnoineuu. nea- to glw. the country. U it wcre,.mtheir tov less and n tIt0 cherub. symixithy with many of. Upd remain-yourisierui- u! A. may; not amount to. peace .inites'! put together, SrAXisiiFouKVpril 22nd, 187; i ih bucket , compara-- t. ' All-lV- has disbursed, to' the toigwu'm Fund, the Tome the jxkjt 4t about Afhor v ... ' "investments, mpans. our power v IVllOWlUg, i"" that "He that to do good will Increase, and to the Lord " ?J"": nd hand with our h'it ire ury , ;vc. .wifth ,r - little 1 - -- -- which we wcro urgiiiycvm. eominK,n incur towin" In our last meclms theo "Female" from aKreed to oraiUhe word Sem.-month- ly 1J? ,o. if 