i' ' i w,m 1 5 i 1 i - V,. 1 r vv (Us t A SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AimST 1, 1873. Voi;: i' No. Tiieke is a lady in Plymouth by the name recognized the genius of the lat EDITORIAL NOTES. Mason until he was dying. 3 (Unn; And re:intiy To ''Kim. time'? without danger of disad-- j ninety-sixt- h birthday; and who in all her one of the most powerful, though very reai life has neve vantage to self; us? it up. employed a doctor or known listic landscape painters (William ' Wilson), r To (kt rid o died, whose works should have made him and the M uos," think much of others hut ever entertained a religious horror of idle- - an academician, but will now be sold U O as little as possible of self. ness, and still works busily for others as well maintain his No woxdkii brooks and rivers can afford-- as herself: having this season spaded and Puiiss "reform is occupying much of the to dance and laugh, constantly, and always planted her pwngarden. J This worthy old of sound minded women in differattention lady has evidently been a prudent and wise ent sing merry tunes -- they , have no "up-hil- r' parts of the world, and different opinions V. :: work to do." :t h laborer, neither going too far and overwork on the subject arc-p-ut " I'lirLApKtpiirA; li XCT?1 VICTrgbtmSg forttrfoOh.hstd-'ing herself, nor allowing her health to Uia ijerationf -- st r korvvlmlV demol isfeiYn.Qhe--bdeelitreffnrantremploymeiitfolloiving 11 and injured.severai inhabitants. Such none of the extremes so common to the Americau ladies hold that a woman's clothing should, like that of a man's,' bejsuspended women oOo-dastrikes insU II: those of dejperate'labbrers.-- ';, woman's pape "The Baince, 1 Ilia :lvi7c"K irt'e"-- K17ibeVKr lished in Chicago saviri its issue for July are me nroauest ami strongest EarnestVlbertDukefr Kdinburghntl The editor of the Stilt Lake City Exponent snouiuers second son of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Was married on the lCtlYult We are" hot parts of his body and his muscular develop it is announced is to marry a Russian" Prin informed whether she is . Mrs. No. I or No. ment is greatest there. But in a woman, nature has for the burden incident to cess, the Grand Duchess Mary E, Alexand- 12. If it is a matter of congratulation, we womanhoodprovided by a great development of the re )iia. And win not? The Prince is congratulate her. " r We are pleased 'I with pelvis arch and surrounding muscles which t wen n e years old , and h is OIj)therlhas4 this opportunity for are larger than in "man". The center of iSK f consent number, in entering upon ; the matrimonial muscular given and nervous force in a woman lie HrxcE the formation of the Worcester stage been Mrs. 2nd 3rd or l2th, we should in her hips; and' weights bearing, on the StateNbrmaT have been as prould and happy in acknowcan be carried more easilv than arch ago, forty-fou- r young. ladies have received ledging the same: as ;we are now in ac- pelvis if press pn any other part of the bod v. d i plomas from tha t school. Forty; years quainting our Chicago friend with the fact A they woman's shoulders are weak compared to ago, it would have seemed almost .an that our position happens to bo that of Mrs. those of a man, and .the burden of dress laid absurdity fin ajwoman to makelan attempt No. 1, just the next thing to 0. But we them would be intolerably oppressive. to grad uate at a high school. But woman are satisfied- - there must be No. 1's, and upon '. advances to the front. there must be O's too, but poor things! Iinspeak from experience, as one whose aim I , dressing is to comply with, conventional Tn e kavac; es of the cholera i n Eva listen We hope that does not touch any of our i rements at minimum of inconveniIndiana, have been so intolerable as to Chiciigo sister contemporaries, but are not requ and I find the that light: soft skirts, restnearly denonulate the .town, every one flee- - informed. , i Now, wo supposo "it" is "a ence,on the hips and supported by the pelvis i ng from the scourge who co uld , and vast matter of congratulation," and that wo may ing and loose arch, upper clothing that does not" numbers perishing, from i t. T Out i)f some accepttiie comxliment. from the shoulder or retric! ib.t large families, it is Veportet that hot more English Artists, it appears, are some drag than two members have been spared alive. times biiclly treated, .notwithstanding the freedom of the arms, fulfils the desired and combines couifojt with eh Sympathy is awakened by such suffering eel ebri ty. oC that cou u t ry for i U apprec ia t ion cojiditious:In i)artial contrariety to this, One of poetic genius and artistic skill. An gance." among fellow creatures. a of committee on dress, of New England One of the saddest stories contained in enthusiastic writer on the subject says: modern history, is going the rounds of the "The Itoyal Academicians; distribute their ladies says: I have said, in reforring to our proceeding; that it seemed to us neces hewsi)aper; press concerning at beautiful fayorsiwith a TsublimeldisregarU of; merit, plan of maniac murderess of JNew York, known .as and it is half suspected that they judge of sary to define explicitly the evils we deplore, Iviite Stoddard, but whose real iiauie- is pictures by, their knuckles rather than their before seeking their remedies. Of course, Lizzie L. King. She is said to have been eyes. It is said that many of the most we should all agree that our attire ought .3 united by a mock marriage to Charles Good- eminent artists in England have had their first of all to be healthful; then it should be rich, who, after a fe w years, deserted her and pictures rejected, by tht; hanging committee. beautiful, serviceable, and simple, .Tried rtWelFTliaby., ., ..MaddeneU by, his crueltahlT re, Hen nessy, Story, bythis 3tandard,"bur present mdfcsT'iiioi?t"Armstrong, Henry 3 ' And, first, it violates health neglect she is;Siipposed Jo jiavc fired, the and even Whistler, are said f to; be among unsatisfactory. fatal shot which ended his earthly career: the sutferers tins year, and if such shall by its compassion of vital parts of the body ; its weight and the faulty suspension of yet there hangs a; mystery over the c ire tun prove to be the case, .we shall have a row by stance of tlie murder in which a man by the iu artistic circles such as has never leen this weight; and by the unequal teinpe'nituVf nam e of Itoseoe is i n vol ved . known before. Tiie Royal Academy has which it, induces. Health would sav, i J 1 . Queen VicToiiiA thus answers im address not a history calculated to Jhspire ,great your dress is to le light, lei it be tight any-3 of the, Commons, showing Her "Majesty??" confidence. Some of ; the magnificent pic- wliere but over the region between the Pler, ribs . and the hi pi J f itslweight l u ee nly vie ws a nd woina nly feel i ngs on t he tures ofr Turner, which have been eagerly is to be great, let it hang lrom the subject of Jhte r na 1 on a I a r b i t ra t i on : " I h a ve bought within the last year or so, at from solid fnime work of the sliouhlers, "not iroin received the address of .my faithful one thousand to five thousand pounds were the sensitive centnd -- regionwhere "there-is- : tlmwould "he rejected by the Academy; others were badly to .support it; if any pnrt is to v pleased Jo instruct my principal secretary to hung in the old darkened apartments; but nothing enter into communication with foreign when the Academicians have been taunted overheated, - let it . be the exiremitis, uva not powers with a view to fuither innove in with thus throwing out of the music so long whosthis. For here lie; the. ;AMhil Morgans unimpeded notion is essential to vein-veitltriir nrl rvf tliair liort ternational law, and establish a general and vi7nn in ilio i life, the lungs, the heart,.; t!u liver, I am replied to the public that they allowed these Iermanent systeni of arbitration. sensible of the force of. the plillanthropic pictures to the number of two hundred and the stomach and the abdomen." that tluy motive dictating that address. I have at ail tifty, to q taken away "from the walls may have the fullest opportunity in expand times desired to extend the practice of because he could not; get the small sums at and move, they are coveredlonly wiili Uhv llesh and a few movealm1 bones' IV.th closing international rontrovcrsii's by their which he held them, until, during the last submission to impartial friends, and to years of his life, Buskin proclaimed him a positions are worth reflecting U .;i, ii women of sense, who' ilesin heulth' and encourage the establishment of liles in- - great genius, ilo We ver, the public affirm tended for tlifi equal benefit of all. I shall that a royaVacaderay is but a burden, unless happiness; and the convKliori,(loubt!ess will be, of most of them, (fiat thlins.Vhmdr no!.'-Ikcontinue to pursue a similar course with it lead the public taste; whereas, in the tight anywhere, and that the wekdii due regard to time :n.ropportunityj where-eve- r of 'Tumor. David f'ov nntl nthors. if hns ! trom any portion vt it it is 'likely ;to b; ittended with advan- been a follower of the public Ncr has its possible. V recent history been much letter. It never !m)l,I1 h'-- ht tage." - i ! 3 i ' u ild-iu- gs y, ; ; -- ty-ni- " : . 'A -- . . s 1 - " , -- IS - J : -- 1 Cqm-mon- s, 1 ? y 1- ' . i . c-- ase 1 ' . n-- 