a Normal school for the educa C. Staines; Elder J. 0, Bleake from tho Liver . Uouof teachers, which graduates about thirty pool office,- and Elder Birch from St. Ge orge Irninually. The ground floor of the bunding Having from some unknown cause fai led o -- x - getting bur mail, the arrival of these breth-, fociption. of which I forwarded: to the ren, and tho, information they brought, was tI Juvenile Instructor. We visited three of likb 1'Jight shining iii a dark placed' h itheNormat departments: in one, a lady was all 1 eft Muni ch oh the morni ng o f. the 20th, Uuperintending. while ainateuryoung Lidies when twelve and a half hours by rail brought us three hundred miles "to Vienna. 1 lie other This is truly a beautifurcitysahlto contain classes, under her supervision. 'domrtmehts" were under the immediate 640.000 inhabitants. The streets are broad, Tn one of with many open squarcsTor free ventilation tuition- of gentlemen teachers. are kept clean; the houses are frequently these, I remarked to one of the professors, and .... y i j i num. tn i ladies the young nvo siones nign, una neauy iilifljiimmiIetl iy appearance indicated energy of character, a ascending some four hundred and twenty requisite attribute for teachers, to which he steps in the spire of St. Stephen's Church; assnted, adding that theyrwere Talsorgood wo had a magnificent, view 9f,;tho city and natuered, which elicited a hearty, respon- surrountiings, lnciuuingrtlie exterior pi the sive smile of gratification ). from the young unrivaled Palace of the Exposition, or ladiesrand -- produced a pleasant general "World Fair,'! which in the distance of two sensation rTf miles' appeared as if, washed by the7 nob- lIn the last department, the number was Danube, on which wc saw little boats mov; small; in this, the.students were completing ing, apparently in miniature. The Fair was formally opened on the Is their . education, TwhichTAVo wcreinfbrmed. ! DON'T LET 3IOTHEK IK) IT. Daughter, don't let raolher do U ! Do cot let her slaye and toil; "While job sit, a useless idler Fearing jour soft hands to oP, Don't jou see the heavy burdens r Daily Eha is wont to betr, Bring the lines upon her forehea 1, bpxinkle silver in her hair? . i ; '.':'--Throug- us.-thaf- n r v May j S3iEowerehpwiif into Iaboratory, -- J, (lie mhmiii ofIayaper one month at least, before its arrangemen ts Professor's are completed. Many hands are constantly t a work 'inaki ug iirepamthms Iierewere ciieniical axaatus " mr a audJiwtanlelViH.'eiincnsy lacking boxes of articles. of iaiHitornaniental already on exhibition: enouirh to illustrate the magnitude of design, and the order and magnificence " of the arraiixrementsv 7"The Crystal ; pabiee, in Lonjon, is it jsplendid aflai r, ut wil not bea r comparison with this in Vienna. - Si nee ea vih g h oi e I have seen many places and many people people incontrats of circumstances, with wide extremes of habit and cstoms ha ve seen the rich, in pomp and grandeur, itncl the poor in beggary and wretchedness have- - associated with the highly educated and refined, and With d the ignorant and semi-c- i vi lized magnificent 'royal indaves,." and wretched' abodes have traveled over fertile plains, aiid sterile deserts, verdant valleys and d flii6untains;7 and," although I have cherished a constant determination to' enjoy everything enjoyable, while abroad, and have "real ey doiie so, T still th ink, as I have hitherto invariably thought, that iioMe, The American enlarged illustrations, for the benefit of Department is very little arranged, and I students; a nianakin : also separate specimens think no.one is complete; and yet there is 187iJ. human-boiHlyorgt- ms vory-iniich-ofrtiH- etc. 3Ve were infonhed that 110 yoiing lady can obtain a diploma as teacher, until she is a proficient in mi 01 these branches: connecting the physical with the mental, is certainly n healthful eoiisideration-i- n the educational process. A cultivatedTriind in a sound bodyj -- can bo much more efl'eeti ve in" doing good, than in an unsound one; which makes it requisite that school teachers, as well as ia rent?,- should understand tIieliysioiogy,:iUKl tlie iiiatohiicar structure of the human lx)dy,Jn order td promote its .healthful condition and adaptation, while i cultivating the mind. In France, boys and young men only, are trained Jn gymnastics; but here, they are Iiave ap practiced :hy pointed times for these exercises we did -- 2hLl last was written our arrival in, Munich, which, after Berlin, Vienna and Ilamburg, is first of importance i ii the German Empire, and containi about one hundred and seventy-liv- e thousand inhabitants. It is a handsome, live city lias many beautiful buildings, 4ind some wide, I)ear LULA:-M- y " "t : CmREyINBEXUl)PiISS.SNOW Vienna, Austria, u t Da'ighlf r, don't let mother do it! You will never, never know Whni was hoDie without a motbe? Till thatjnolher lietb low Low beTieatirtheudding-dHisieST- Frce from.vthly care or pain- To the hojne so fad without her, If eve rto tb urir againr "12 iDiToitJVoiiAX,riKxi'i)Xi:xT; 1 a r : . . .: found to be X . Daughter don't let mother do it! broil Do not let her bake or the long, bright snmmer hours, her the heavy toil; . with Share gee. her eye has lost it? brightness, faded from her cheek th gowr And the step that once was buoyant .Now is feeble, weak and clow. Daughter, don't let mother do it ! She has cared for you so long; Is it right the weak and feeble Should be toiling for the strong? Waken from your listless Jangor, r3eek her side to cheer and bless, And your grief will be less bitter When the sods above her press exponent; s WO M A N 11 jrleany-Vell-pay- cd This is the place of nativity of Mrs. Paul A. .Schettler, whom we had the pleasure of meeting hercj.she having preceded us a bout two weeks, on a visit to her relatives. We are much indebted to the kindness of her brojther,Mr. Gierisch, who tenderedlassist-ant- e in gaming admittance to places of interest. He conducted us through the King's Palace, and being in His Majesty's service and confidence, showed us into apartments not accorded to the inspection "of general visitors, many of whom were in f 1 useriu 1 1 k ' 1 " 1 ' 4 1 ; - ! have--visite- , snow-cappe- , not witness them. ::;! i The afternoon of the 28th wa. a gala time At half past three, the Bava in Munich. rian groom "and Austrian bride would arrive at the depot; and with their suit, ride in with the Latter-da- y Saints, is the to the Palace. Of course all place of the UUU.U IT O carriages 1UI US. CTiug JUIUU1W Ul U1C attainAhighest hal'piness visited several rooms which represent the Munich must see theni, and - that iwrtibn, BLE ox earth. "" rrrT"; sixteenth century, remaining in their origi- minus contiguous porticos, windows, etc. ' v Eliza It. Snow nal style of that period; others of later, and - uown to. present tiate j some of which are with the rest, to the number, as was j udged, ;iIamburg, Germany, 3Iay 16, 1873. d on from' to thousiind. "e occasions. of We were Editor Woman's Exponent: only fifty special royal forty luissod through a large hall which was being fortunately i n a position to receive, or rather Dear Lula: Wo left Vienna on the 9th, fitted u p on the occasion of the Prince of share their gracious smiles and bows: but and arrived, at Berlin, the capital of GerBavaria wedding tho Princess of Austria, after all had parsed, we began to' think of many, the next The cold, stormy evening. who, with some of tho Austrian Court, were returning to the hotel! It was of rio xise to weather which overtook, us at 31unicl . to arri ve in two or three days, when a grand make an effort, and we stood as still as tlie followed us to Vienua and from there to to reception is be given in this hall. presurc of the crowd would admit, for some BerHnhere When in Venice we visited a GlassIanu-faetor- time, bracing ourselves as' much as possible, which we improved in out door sight-seeinwhere glass was spun into very fine to prevent being carried on the waves of the Walking down the prmcipal promenade in inreaos, anu worKeu into any desirable form; streaming multitude." All "were smiling the city, ciilled Linden Street, (Unter dcr as readily a.s yilkf and in this Bavarian with, pleasure, but this gave me the more Linden) ; so named from being lined with Palace wemwmagnilkhnxraile 'window- - striking idea of th'ehojrors attendant1 on a four rows of limetrces; wc strolled into the, curtains, ot beautiful colors, made entirely riolous, uprising, whre iicoeTireubj Thier Garten, an extensive public 'ground of glass. Some apartments were ornamented be troIdcn to death without the iossibility with artificial forests and garden Carnngton thought it a pity that so niuch of of escape ! Such was the eagerness of the plats, with statues in the shrubbery center surrounded the irecious metal should be uselesspwhieh people to impse of the pageantryi with flour beds in full bloom broad streets gcta with gold in great profusion. Professor of royalty, on this auspicious occasion, that for carriages and omnibuses side walks for be better in behalf of mounted officers were constantly on duty, pedestrians and on might employed sides, roads for suffering humanity. Tho four walls of one pressing them back sufiiciently Vor tho pro- horseback riders. opposite These streets, room were hung with portraits of ladies; cession to pass.Prince is cousin in number, cross at right angles,many This'young aiid called the "Beauties, of .Munich" Mrs. to the present king of Bavaria; vho is mar- extend far awav in the distance, forming .Vchcttlcrandl thought, Salt Lake Cilv could ried.: , :J.;:' delightful avenues through the tall trees furnish as many, epiall "beautiful. Tho even jngrieforu leaving 3Iiiiiicli, we with their fresh, ' This furshady foliage. The next day Mr. Gieriseh obtained cards were joined, I Ion. Krastus Snow and his a nishes by healthful exercise and innocent of admission, and conducted us to one of the son J has who been a on. Mission Lrastus, recreation in for thousands.. Here we saw ' many Universities he city, which we England ; Missionary Agent of New York, W; multitudes of peoie oraircI:issxiromcn- ? JL r- u.-e- , y, g. ; - 1 s - - ' ' : I -- -- in-t- 