ju??i3awgca(wiMiTOa--- - T -r In Savannah, Georgia, they are experi raentintr with female street car conductors. pbfessipnalsare It is said that basc-bas of th o.rn i n is t than be ter paid a iers...In Lake Minnefonka,Iinnesota, valuable guano island has lately been dis The hair is worn very plain covered l! nine-tenth- lown by is said to be a style "all the-ne-ck from Europe and jt Agricultural Ijr the rage" in Paris.... female student..; one Colleze of Ohio has Great varieties of 'game abound in tho fields fr of Si Louisiana, and more abundant, this, season than at.any previous time since the war...... Latelyvtwo babieswere sent by iuexpress several hundred miles in Oregon, riving jill safe. .....The Emperor of Brazil is cred! ; .he y? r . ,. ... cotcesponijents ' tediwTthls&hi hour of rising, because of .firmness' keep to it with moro the difficulties to be overcome; for this troublesome couch of ours contains in the morning such an amount of magnetic fluid that it keeps us back, I do not say against our, will, but with a not unpleasing force Once you have fixed-you- r -- v Cache Count;. M. A Maugham Logan, Jane S. Coleman, Smithfield. ii ii ; ; r Ikx Elde ( Harriet Snow, lirighani City. ii 1 tacit Ann Clark, Farmington, Aurelia Rogers, rargaret RandoII,Contreville, Elizabeth Barlow, BouiitifulL Susan Grant, Sylvia Clark, Suit J. ike ton id;. 7 Jliiririns, AYest Jordan, Barbara Moses, agent & cors. Big ' ii - fBeauregdanetvIQEa .' his horse falling under him, while riding of his character. "Archbishop of Iiheim lover theiBnll Knnhattle field recentlynibr tho first time since the war.. ....A woman in Paris keeps ball dresses to rent out; by the THE W03IAx"S EXPONENT day, week or month, and mates money a .'..".Queen Victoria and it r' L. GREENE EICHABDSj EDITOH. a been have together visiting Eugenie Inverlock Castle and the summit of Ben- in Salt Lake City Utah. Terms: Nevis. .....The vellow fe 'r is said to bo Published six months, St. Ten one One one copy, year, copy subsiding at Memphis Teiessee. .Y. . . A for the price of nine.AdvertIsilig ratess Each uare, eight of nonpareil space, ono time, $2; per month, S3, j crand evanerelieal conference of religious lines Campbell & Patterson, General Agents, East Temple street, men has been in session in New York; all Salt Lake City. Miss Cornelia H. Horn Businep s ilanaser OEcs hours Protestant sects, and alliands where Chris from 9 to 12 a. m., and from 2 to 5 p. m., on Mondays and tian it7 has been preached were represented. Fridays. aH to -- ii ii it Vi'th Cvtiui'iJ. - Amelia Goldsbrough, :( Ann Pitchforthr Nephi. , - sent to America from the Bank of England. ......Strong hopes of a monarchy are enter The total number of tained in France paupers in London on the lastv day, of Au gust of the present year, was 98,707...... There is a singular natural curiosity . in a HI L Lake in Vermont, consisting of one Iiuu- dred awnfty acres; 7f3ioiiS1ragnaM;; which Is covered with cranberries and "h is frees .The growing upon it fifteen feet high.. Paris ma n 'Mod iste,' ' Wor th, employs twenty women to make rtoiletshe never cuts, fits or sews himself, but merely super itussian iemaie smegma are lnienui refused the right of pursuing the study of medicine... ...The "Daily Globe," of Boston, "as -- tlistdiargedall its female"tijmx)ositors, nd is now, for the "first time, run exclu Spain demands of sively by males. Yittoria tho Almanza...... .the and England Thirty women are employed on the daily press of New ork. -- : ; JMPORTANCE OF HEADING No matter how obscure tho position in the life of an individual, if he can read, he may, at will put himself in the best society, the W no world has ever seen. may converse Avitli the greatest heroes of the past; with all the writers in prose and poetry. lie may ., a H' : i learn a lihw-.t- livcy- - .QfJdS'p'reOecciGrs, how-to- andto-sccur- aVQid,lheermrs o blessings Address - City, y, business communications Publishers Woman's s , Ecpoxot, gait Lake City, Utah. , SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. JT Sarah IVterson, Ephraim, Helena 3Iadis6h7Gunnison7 Millard 11 Count'. Delilah Oleson, Fillmore, Belinda M. Pratt, Bmcer Count yF Mrs. ltutii Tyler, Beaver, L. B. Pratt, agent & Cors. T V ii oh Couiily. 1, 1S73. ,, Mary Wei nier, Parowan, Miss Josephine Smith, Kane County. AGENTS AND CORRESPONDENTS. .Like Linost jouriiakfitijjtiiiguished aims for good and useful ends, the Exponent has met with difficulties in struggling to establish a permanent basis, by awakening the sympa thies and securing the of those who should feel most interest in its behalf. Yet, notwithstanding all the besetments it has had to jencounter,- its- course so far has been Mrs. Sophia Farker,-katiarrar- -t Ma ry Ann Lu n t, agen t & cors. ,, Cedar City. 11 Caroline Jackson, agent. k cors. St. George, Elizabeth Canfield, Washington. . ii PHYSIOLOGY. - H arc bright and encouraging. The following Hst of names should imply that already its friends are not few. I tris de sired however, that others be added, until at least one lady in each settlement in the Terri tory, shall be known as an acting agent for the Woman's Exponent. Officers of R elief Soio tics, Avhere no agents, or insufficient numbers have yet been appointed,arc politely solicited tad, " Washington County. co-operat-ion - flinjyeie County. M. A. P. Hvde, asrent & cor?. Spring . .....Immense amounts of gold have been i BroWu,PIeasantGrovt7" ; Jl - Ann Briughurst, Springville, - Harrison, ,, - ' Juab Cvutity. ss coj-ie- Cot- tonwood. train in Pittsburg the other day. .....General an earlyhour : every morning, JLstraignt- I Couiitir. ; eeisivelieta and-llook- er, ... Wells, 15. Ann E; Cook, Swan Creek. ii , t E. .. ; Rich, County, tory, eeml-monthl- - , Mary Rich, Fans, bed. Route the enemy by a vigorous , h is boots... . ..President Grant and three and victory Js yours W hen 1 "sortie Generals--, Sherman, Sheridan to rise at narrowly escaped being- - run over by a coal meet a man who has the courage - ex-Empre- , . Mrs. Orissa All red, St. Charles, tenderness. It seems to say, Why leave me? Are you not well ofT. here? It is so cold ouWibed! There is but one way to and: thaOs a prompt, secure a-vic- I , Miss Mary A. Cook. Oneida pJunty, Idaho. the T)illOW. I acknowledge we are now in the presence of our most terrible enemy, and our; pillow is that enemy. When we Would quit it in the morning, it lulls us with the artful tones of a siren, and caresses us with the utmost to fimfpfl' - US vw cooms JV-' r Laura Miner, A. B. Smitli, . nrKlnlTJi ; EXPONENT. 'S ON 'GETTING UP SPLINTERS, and ttz-- .. 0M W si 7--- , . il It is not the object of the writer to present a u code of physiological laws; but to call attention to the necessity of having this branch of science more generally taught in our schools. Human physiology is a history of the func- tions fuses' of the various organs which constitute the hainan! body, of their ijiechan-istheir dependencies upon and relations to ; each other. : ; ;', 7", select capable,active women, who will be pleasGreat need exists with a majority of people of ed to act and forward their names as agents. all localities, of a knowledge of a correct system Bishops, TKsstmasters, and all good men, will of physiology; No perSoit cau.uudeKtandmgiyV ".' please rememberand consider that an especial, apply gramaticr.1 or mathematical rules which X-- Neither Jcau'a per- respectful and standing invitation is extended, they have never or Ihem to use their influence to increase the son make. the raot aiid best of life withoui circulation and assist the progress of this little learning Jife1 sieiicer physiology, and under oumaL standingly-applying itsTiacsaderive from Should mistakes appear in tho following list, life the hapiicst results, is the object of all corrections will be cheerfullv received and rational beings. The condition of- - 'the house - m :'. " : k-anie- -- - .ru present and future, to himself. IIo may reside in a desert, faraway froni the habitations of man; in solitude where no human published. . " eye looks upon him with affection or AGENTS. Salt Lak-- Ctiy. interest, where no human voice cheers .him with its animating tones, if he has books to Mrs; Zlna D. Young, Bariicv. read he can never be alyne. 11c may Amanda Kimball Margt.F. Noting, choose his company, and the subjects of Elizabeth Davisv laiytuines,---,-- ,Sarah Smith, aiid thus beconur contented ii Hampton, lHth conversation, Uartl, and happy, intelligent, wise and good. Marrarct Steel.i Sarah E. Smith, Young people hould heed these "truths. Miss Sarah E. Rucll. " welivein'r(thebodj').so materially arTects all our that an understanding of its : ' " " ' life-interes- ts . - j Mrs..-Elvir- Mary-j.niom.-oii, parts and functions is of more than - ordinary ' importance. A thoroatrh .. yte!n of ecopt'iative education would require iniatory lessons to be given "at home. Wlu re can mild word be found in wluch j to refer to the inexcusable ignorance of so many parents- upon Milyecia which so vitally con- . i , j - . .. 