f '."1..".:. ' V ' - i 1 ; . U ... . SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, Junk 1, 1873, EDITORIAL NOTES. I No. 1". ondition, but purity and worth that should woman's1 paper of. late eceive pay, for this matter is ho secret, and lias been shaken Texas, also," up with an date. Most women have amnio opportuni- - it has called forth numerous strictures in earthquake. 3Viishington society. - Butill the yung tiesjoLgainh unmitierated rijrht to work, and the neces man" remains a public servant; and the Tin; BivST hand for a woiniin's Oiead" " A reliable sity of their mak i rig ful L.fiLtliatpferbga-tive- . ((VAllllff U'AlVIOn" lkOriiric n fKTif.nvnvl AMONG THE Signs 01 tilC tlUlCS WO HOtC !l The great frouble.is with the majority, It is held that General Grant is working for a third term in the White House. And, they work too much, and think, reason, fearful tornado that swept over Washington "r iV'v: County, Iowa, on the 23rd ult.. perhaps the contrive and rest too little. if successful, then? - r r'rmost terrible ever reported! on the continent. Tkre Hyacinthe has become a father Ja roaring of the tornado is reported to ingncrWlIaWailarWaslH eo'rtfingo have been appalling six' miles from its track, defended five themselves recently against -- with m ason. was nearu luiiy: ten m i les a i Zwjfthayingt. prcsentciTIhi And iiow ho preaches aga i ns feel I bacy. - Indians, until assistance arrived and cap- - The following is; taken from the descrip- ured three. of the Indians. And the world It is proposed to establish a training is united to eulosrize them, while the School for nurses iri the:Cbnnccticut State nam o of th e da u filter, who had th e courage graph: "The tornado was abou t a 1 ualfa mi e andiierve to knock dowii one OTtno Indians lnidtliandtore" 1ni0fiagmeiitstvery- sp sensible and so novel should succeed. with an ax isn't even given tcrtlie public: thing that came in its course. Houses, -Mrnsrfences trces,"eattle and human bei tigs in By ON&man wilfully using powder in IIrH5 P1!JlMntpUzneyspaper3 were caught up and whirled through the jllamilton, Ohio, on Sunday; but slanderous part of a coal pi t w'here he worked, in Nova air like mere toys and then dashed to the gossip is alio we(l to circulateJxeelAvithout Scotia; aliou 1 1 wo Weeks ago,"an explosion of with such violence as to produce punishment. Hamilton is religious in its the gasses in the mine occurred, setting fire ground i nsta nt death. Houses and barns were torn to it and resulting in a horrible death to in jvvay. fragments and scattered for; miles around. The belief that had Cain; beerr tried he fi fty-- ue.meii leaving Jh irtywido d r6r kilHng AbeiThe ni net y-- t wo fath erleas children; And such Thefields nn doited ,with: large timbers fm(rirmmn would have been acquitted on the crround terrible disastersthe result of wilful obsti- driven into the ground at an angle of ninety of "emotional insanity,"-i- s fading before nacy and recklessness, are called "acci- degrees, and cattle were actually driven head foremost into the ground. One can the late executions for murder in different dents!" ;;;;:;; ;;:; i; ;v scarce conceive of the devastation or realize parta.of the United Stales. The ambitious "Khedive of Egypt is the force of the tornado. Already we have The Hot Creek band of Modoe Indians visiting his master, the Sultan of Turkey, heard of thirteen farm' houses and many have surrendered,whh more "squaws and whom he hopes yet to disregard and defv: barns that were torn to pieces and , literally o il ton thau wh asuall.allit6i.thefshare-6the Sul , who fears and is j ealous many others thai; were f rdamacredf A IiMses the same number of male Indians. And of, his powerful satrap, receives him with school house, six miles badly north of here was the knowi ng on es thi nk 1 ia t Captai n Jack open arms. All the world is supposed to torn to pieces and a. fourteen-yeariol- d has only relieved himself of know the feelings that exist between them: daughter of Henry Rathnel was; carried to carry on the "war" with increased vigor. and all the world may admire in them the about a quarter of a mile from the school which heads a crowned deem house and hypocrisy dashed to the ground and crushed has couple of girls Jn Dubtque, Iowa, , to a jelly. Miss Smith, the teacher, and t .,;.; jail for stealing shade trees. The crime is a part of their political education. or eight scholars were hurt, some badly. peculiar one, and the question arises how The tuiai of Susan B. Anthony- - and six Mrs. far their love of the beautiful was responsi- fourteen other women, who east their votes Henry Watters was killed. Miss Gardner and a son of Alexander Gibson lio ble for the act? And what a curious last Presidential election, and of the inspecat the combination of peculiarities might not be tor of election who received the votes, is point of death from their injuries. discovered m persons presenting such set for June, to le tried before the Circuit A gentleman who was near the tornado V Court, at Canandaigua, New Tork. And when it passed, reports that it was bal diverse characteristics? the small end to the ground and v .Female emancipation makes wonderful the; United Stat es w h i c h has raised t he late moved atwith the rate of alnnit twenty miles an strides in the republic of Switzerland. At slaves to the dignity of political sovereignty, hour. It commenced its fearful work near the last term of Zurich University HQ lady proposes to. punish, as' criminals, a few of where itdemolished t he mast n tel i gen Jveokar students werejmter WeT hexT dencesTl Iiear of it about six iniles -e n t ered fwi tli" t h e i sts icxercisihej the rlght of iwlitical citizen Tirlml3yjfexted ; ; northeast, where it destroyed two or three ;. .:;.; not closed. The assignment of professional ship. houses, and as it passed on northeast it chairs to women is only considered a matter A Young; woman in one of the govern- scattered to the four winds the fine resi; of time. And the end is. not yet. ment departments in Washington was dences and barns of Alex. Gibson, J, A. The question of (ieorge Francis Train's detected "in conduct unbecoming an off- Balcock, and J. C. It also Culingbone. sanity or insanity still occupies the attention icer," and was dismissed. In other words leveled to the ground the dwellings of I). of New York judgesand the "next Presi- she had been seduced, and her sin was found Caucorfand Walters. ;Mr. Carringer and dent of Amerhta? hiitined to a "bastile" out. U But her seducer was, apparently not Mr.4 5'Kerr'" JI '; persons'- Jives were a'hdniany to and made suffer the same penality as if guilty of "conduct unbecoming an officer." saved by hastily getting into their cellar.?. he was proved guilty of some crime. It is as he was not.. .dismissed.'He remains in Sad havoc was made with all kinds of stock. surmised that i t Train was less wealthy ins his position, receives the public money, An eye witness says he could see large sanitjf would "not long trouble the courts. enters society, can be guilty frequently of pieces of timber hurled from the cloud as "Taxation without representation" immorality, may boast of it, nay, may drag though shot from a cannon. Hail fell that was one great cry In the colonies before the other victims down to shame, and yet measured nine inches in diameter; Some War of Independence overthrew the British nothing of all tin's is "conduct unbecoming were brought to this city and. four hours IOwer. : r Now ? theR T:rriUries and the an officer" in h im.1 A nd why is th is so? after they were picked up, the v were still women are taxed wHIioti t representation. And wherefore should he, because he is a as large as hen's eggs. A telegram from women. of Rochester, man, be free to enact, unharmed, his wick- - Keoka last evening says five persons wenV ' And the New York, are organizing and agitating to ctines-- ana immorality : w iiy snouni jie be killed about three inilcs from that place; (liscover, if possible, why they should 'be supported with government money in J his and one child was torn to pieces." This Is j subjected to an injustice. whlcirnhe revolu- crimes, "and have an impunity to sin the Avarning of stom ani tenipest, whidi j tionary fathers preferred to risk life for rather more than the woman who has fallen has been promised to;- succeed ..'Ilk .solemn than submit to. All success, then, to the victim to his arts, in the iminediate employ- testimony of God's judgments at hand in women of Rochester; and their; example ment of the ."best government under the these hitter days; but the people pay little sun?" Here is work for the reformers in high more heed to the terrible character of the should. le emulated by , every woman in the country; and by all the; citi- places, if they are honest and serious; here one, than they did to tliegentleand hea venly zens of the Territories, men and women. V is a chance to . show that, it is not sex, nor nature of the other. "Woman's Right to work," is a subject treated-upon-im- r" hus-ban- d. - ;' - : 1 -- ; -- ws-an- Qi - i 1 non-combata- nts loon-shap- ; ed 1 1 " . i : . tax-payi- ng ' z T a m m m s j -- - i tax-payi- ng j : ' r 