. .. . 1 ' j-- f :- - t. WOMAN 1M EX 1? ONE K 1?. S western girl, who is Very; strictly kept by policy' to print off a' large number on epecula- ner parents says sno would- - lite to De a tion, and probably have; them left on hand minister that she might "holler on Sun- -- waste paper. Tne "Banbury News" wonders that Epi ..A number of students in the State zootic hats" have not yet appeared.....CoIO- - day.".... TTnivrrsitv nf California lntriv madn thfdr WORK FOR WOMEN- rado is froinsr to send her ores tothe Vienna UIIIII iLliLllLI, L.t rtLKLU"Iiair Pill lilt' ixnioiuon. ocnaior .rreimgiiuu, uy lnf vpr finstPr .: a mnn in tho rs nn One of the most i nterest i and most im rig Iris course ori tho IJtah'bilLTiM make himself umxmular Vfth the la every wn ere, n picasiug pupuiou lur u- geu- - from small-pox- ; there was a'general scat- "7 77 Z SPLINTEIlS. - i ..,,... JAB "a 1 ftJ 1 11 , r. ne - Wine, hnf Ui nmvn.1 mThsaszbiromtler after...... Japanese stx of chfldrehp)etweeii school..... age, are to be cpmpeMd-tpjttenThe bill emancipating slaves in Porto Rico has passed the Spanish Assembly... ...It is who died alcrvyhour Anri! h nnKr nn by President Brigham Z7L : wpeciallyiiucrr Pn 1 them. ;a,ld in the'.people becoming selfr "Spirit- - Bocietlegi,6assist uai .California hprsplf on Sustaining, and counseietlthenvtoTaWana teach"and thus fnA rpnfnt;nn nf nmi rri thehiidreirto 'save "paper-rags:-" with material that some of her first missionaries are get- - aid in supplymgthe paper-mi- ll " v Saints rrl ting into trouble.. .. ..One contemporary, by so that the paper used by the Latter-da- y TrT T fact phshed inEngland.... might be made bv themselves, thus keeping fe Jl out , that "pain rand misery have driven at home the means exiendeil in procuring it "uu:' 1 Legislature to7 strike out the word "Male" mnv a nn in.(iPSiiinn::. im,,mi in the State Constitution Avherever it re- - schcwl wen, who"-- "girlslearntp swim prietyoHrg stricti the :Bghtof uftrage; and KelTCeiieve oe' engageu m' laxiuiug, quarry iiigf eiuuu snoiua ' in the final success of their movement ... ... ' .11! ' and other suitable pursuits, being em- out own his fi1tri?W?tl got JloWBVrilMcJlWnily O hXlX) Rh JN 1 ployed as book- midnight,: teampfter binders, elerk3in stores,, tailorsj amrin all the lady passengers w ho came to Keene on e such brancliif Ha XOUISE U CillEENi:, Editor. legiti nlghf, and he is now on the track for the ant! for should.be women, largely matelywork nct ilepublican nominatibhTforG rind-twelvery- San ears ancisco ;by the iwenty-nnhnomlversaryf.inoxi- Spiritualists as: the erii es m-id- Tipi-vuop- is - -- PS, ' " 1 type-sette- r,, . f proof-reader- s, . ....in TrpTnnn . , wnmnn uhn ravs nnv nvprv . .. . , :r . - il. 1 i f flf. x f hp. ... .uvuv viij !(VP!ilr-PVP- fl 'T"lj.'j.tLiiiv; wo jcountry, luk-kluU- L' T - Auurcss an ouine'5 communicationa to women; can there be women criminals , there, sufficient to justify such an act? An exchange says the Beechers take to the pulpit and to heresy as naturally as ducks to water; Mrs. Isabella Beech er Hooker contemplates devoting herself to the minis-"tr- y All habitual water drinkers, were recently ordered by a vigilance committee v, T. 1 j in the eiectlOtt apOOrrrateJiaS a VOtC. Guardians. .... .The women of Massa-- 1 - of Poor - SUlll as performed by ,theni.nHe wihel.the women to. do and girls among all such work as belonged tovomen.. He was desirous of .seeing the: school books- used by children in Utah, made by the people.here, and this also should be .done to a great extent by the women. The emale mind was naturally better fitted for such pursuits than that of the male. Generally stxjakincr, Rirls would mem- orize spelling grammer, arithmetic and almost anvthihef taucrht in books.- - more" readilv than boys; It was a mistake to have girls taught nothing but to play the piano, and .when tired of that to go to reading novels: they should be taught cleanliness", neatness of person, and the rubhshedscmi-monthlm Salt Lake Citv. Utah. Terms: ne copy one year, $2; one ropy, six months, $1. Ten copies far the price f nine Advertking ratesEach eaaare --eiffht r, 52; perL inonth, $&-:-."5f3 f,no time I AnAiita ?OT1fpaee' I fIA. . I ClXBKt. w v.viovut vivub.n. nvuw, I - TublLshers '8 Expoxkxt, Salt Lake City, Utah. VrOM.i?t SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL lo, 1873. THE EXPONENT. numoersauer 10 ot nrst tne present will close the iuwu en ouivcu tne Woman's Jxpoxext. So f; ir year t&A wTiielromfl Miilrl .. . t;. i' us success nas ,neen gratitying, the subscript ion I xvtuiiiiu x "- -, -- . l.rnii.rli the IlSt IiaVlIltf. erOWU Pllfrilir;irrinfrlir tun it'll una I and she contemplates retuining. .The will of Napoleon HI : is sworn at 7- - I" . ---"- 10" i ' . iux use--wi uuiivnowioue H,' more widely read; and ira- - .wi miguiue uwiuu as music, another! accomplishments;, while ,the luseful ami t practical should always take be made cannot a without still larger precedence, ;nUt:iheff education, should , be n5 init under $000,000, left without reserve to the Enipressr the Prince Imperial having but one bequest, the Imperial crown... .T.The The speaker ccd famimin England has led to the disl 01 : Ulc .'done an covwxtharchalkfcari be used forfut4'r.t;It pr,lnS urged that measures be taken to provide means is estimated (hat nine million wooden to- - owned by and usexl for itself, supplied with all by which'the vom and girls of Utah might bacco pipes are manufactured in this countrv tne necessary appliances; where young women obtain an understanding of and make them- y early, uid it is presumable that there are selves useful In typetUng,.bookvnakiiig. and uliear he "art blockheads enough to use them -- up... . . .The and qualify themselve for some - other of the such other occupations as justly belonged to same postmaster nas acted at Grayson duties and employments referred to bv Presi- - them: and that thev should take in hand to bfrfliP. Saints springs in a ennessee, for forty S I wifVi www cnifMn intKiiirnf finH mfiifiii iowa resoivo to cnarcre bv the omce, to be the ExroxEXT would require to do more work matterOhaHriflasoutsido expenditure, for 43- - s : i?-?0!--:Jor the ng moment, is than "this pae now reigni and a larger the purchase of .. . . . , to said be an Austrian.I Princess Pnrstfm- - nmftnrnf.iMi i w ..LilIiI I LA A YtmmAtl t i rv MiiiU 14 b IMP II lflQ. III Ir Ml l JT Ill I'll II Tl fl bur Tro.v paper asks. "Shall lunatics I fhnAn 4U . oe i meirPveFcuaPaDie preparing, stopped, mignt be licciised as iijuruertrb. Ol U Single I endeavors to snnrl In lnh Viofn i. t r r Tt t,f iitjir uenenu 01 uranrs now luumuer i;aDinet is for the second volumebf the Exponent; ward, all the sisters who were inlerested in a candidate for President. . ...:A Vermont June; so that the, paper may commence its second the welfare of Zion, were called upon W testify-the-ir n at the recent death of dog Avas witlx increased in patronage; every sense willingness to sustain the proposed undera horse belonging to its master iv, . r.Mrs year and of capable accomplishing taking by raising their right handsr-i-f- air Mary 3Ionoghan died recently in New York, vote was given; and unless the wives iind PreseDl' ana w rfb " luau aged 102 years.....A little girl in New Jcr- for the future. prospects A list of da ughters of the Elders in Israel, prove them sevfeU into. a cistorn7 thn rvthnr nml brnjhtened TOiH v . ..1 L . Ka ."'V I nroniinmo l..i 1 " uuiuuiabipage onue selves less faithful to the trust reposed in them although she was in tho water fifteen nu 10 we would add, than llsc luat r. minutes. before being. rescued, she was 11 they have hitherto donewhich there Is . . Hint " or l1"11 revived and recovered after two hours ex- - l"a" oocieiy, senumg m no cause to pprcheiid much good will'-bethe name. result of the suggested enter)rise.- :ertion3inAjier behalf'v.t.y.!Ijs Stanto f elve a sewing machine valued at the aristocracy of sex is the Avorst in the President Young proves himself to bethe e to ninety dollars, as we can make most world...... Little boys in Oregon prevent viv?iity-fiv'Wo their rocking horses from taking epizootic arrangements. This we ofler not as a prize, mans Rights man" upon the American conti- by fastening bits of red flannel around their but holding that those who exert themselves ncnt, as he has ever done; his counsels, necks a daughter of Zachary Taylor, in this respect "should have their exertions sub- - instructions and advice to women being always late President of the United States. Mrs. stantially recognized, while we can procure directed towards theirprogess and advancement Wood, lias been in destitute circumstances, machines on more advantageous terms than in usefulness , the and possession of valuable but is now to receive a pension of $50 per Ierhaps any of our subscribers could do." Aifd as these facts are well under knowlege. month. .....A Ivans:is youth set firo to a We would like to receive club-list- s as stood school-housearly the by because his niother would not as large majority of the women of as to know the-- numb&r of papers: we look for a prompt response to this allow him to go to the circus. ...V. A little to possible, jso. have printed, for it is not wise nor economic t tah, - ' i'LH -- ' -- ap-olli- uooi-DiacK- r-. seir-sustainin- mr-nnnfin- ce n dand: a ti. V A T I. I . I ; ZI K I trrVTW I - 143 11 XT . T 11 ....-:?- StV rX - :.-..-i- , . --- i - ( heart-broke- seir-sustam- f" . ... I :n . ! . genuine,-inirmrtial-andTpracti- cai e, direct call for united and energetic" action on? 