EXP ONE N T. WO MAN'S 13S Counselor Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith said . '." that in a prayer meeting' in Nauvoo, Presi- : dent Joseph Smith once told the people Editor Woman's FAREWELL TO PAKIS. , -- . FROM THE rARIS AMERICAN Farewell great Paris, soon I g Upon the n orning trair; I go where softer breezes blow On land and wat'ry main. i' I'm going r ow, and as REGISTER. , I leave, I take a parting view, ' t r they did not yet know how to pray. She wanted much to have him instruct them, that she might learn the proper way. It was n6t loner until he did teach them to pray in prayer circles, uniting their faith. and thus increasing the strength and efficacy ; of prayer. Counselor Jtfrs. Phebe Woodruff said it was needful for us to seek knowledge out of the best books and by talking to each other. It had been read that by faith the world .was framed. She understood from that that the Lord and His had gone to work, believing that if such and such quantities of the different substances were systematically "arranged together. would-b- e the -- world -- and - And see the web of distance weave, That separate from you. Your spires that glitter in the sun Above' he Arch of Time," Are disappearing one by one: I hear no church bell chime. .. co-labor- ers Gay Paris, beautiful e'en now Bereft of much you boast; Tho' Prussia aim'd your pride to bow 'Twas Paris hurt you most its-inhabit- War demons 'rou $ed in foreign lands ( an never wield the power A s when, by suicidal hands, ' ants Leiii, Utah County, January 25th, 1873. Exponent: The Lehi Relief Society was organized in October of 1 868, with Mrs, Sarah Or Evans, President; Martha P. Thomas and Barbary Ai Evans, Counselors; Rebecca Standring, Secretary ; and Mary Ann Davis,' ; Treasurer. During the four years, from October, 18G8, to October 1872, we received in donations six hundred and twenty dollars and seventy- five cents; and disbursed to the poor four hundred and thirty dollars. We own one share one hundred dollars in the Provo woolen factory; two sharesfifty- - dollars in the store; have donated to the P. E. Fund twenty-fiv- e dollars: to mis e sionaries seyenty-fivdollars, and: have a on balance hand, in stock and other nronertv. 5 -- Co-operat- ive ggpng "huh dridfuhlOweh tpthreeaoHas7? faith that by put ting such and such materials We are still prospering, and still feel to devour; together and properly working the same, he thank God that we are enabled - to assist can make an adobie. somewhat In blessing His poor, and causim' Of all the ills of human life -- Counselor MrsAZina D. r Young said that them to rejoice. That mighty nations cursed; At a meeting held December 12th. 1872. they were all inschoolr When associated thus The warfare of internal strife And carnage is the worst. together tho best thoughts were brought a unanimous vote was taken to" drop the forth. As sister Kimllha4idit-wa- 8 word -- Female" from the - name of the Your ruined Palaces and Halls, true that the mind might . diseased Society. Scathed by fraternal hate. by being too much exercised , even by pray-- 1 recalls Are sad mementos-eacWishing you much success in your noble too Your folly and your fate. too much and anxiously. A bow iff efforts to sustain the truth and increaseing soon would lose its elasticity: intelligence, ys strung 1M. Thiers, with wise sagacity, so also the mind would become weakened I am respectfully yours, The dire result foresaw too by being Rebecca St andr ing Scc'y. continually employed. If France, with blind temerity, The battle-a-x should draw. bister itaefc el said faith was a Mrs. Zina T). Yonnrr. Mrs VlW.nhoih TTnw. gift of God, but that "Faith without works Ile with the French Assembly plead, was dead," and should be carefully coupled ard and Miss Louise L. Greene by special And with Napoleon, With good works at all times. It was a I invitation. wfiro nrospnt at th a To change their purpoa'd aim to tread matter ofgreat1 importance that the vounc meetincr of the Relief Soeietv of simr ITouso The pride of Prussia down. be taught the principle of faith in its correct Ward, held Wednesday, the 5th inst., at He now prciide. Will France austa'n form. th llis policy of peace, v Mrs. Mary E. Whitt said that it was often The liberal donations brought in, theexeel- Or in a vortex plunge again seen that little children would have more lent reports eriven bv the Teachers, and the Where waste and crime increase? faith than those of more mature years. She devout sentiments expressed at that d an incident in which she was healed ing, as well as in the minutes of a former Fair, lovely Paris I What shall be Tour Tutu re, who can tell? by the administration of her little son. one. forcibly evinced the satisfactory truth. Your lofty spires, no more I whose perfect and pure faith in the power that the spirit "of oneness and integrity ' . I say, Farewell! EliziK. Skow. and mercies of God had claimed for her the prevail to a very great "extent among the Diessings which he asked m childish sim- - sisters of that Wardr F. R. SOCIETY' REPORTS. pncity ana trust. Remarks were made bv other sisters. The Rfilipf SofiAtv of Omlon hfld a 14th Ward Assembly Rooms - : and two for. weeks: the meeting and sewing circle. Jan. 30th, 1873. meeting adjourned Salt Lake City, Feb. 1st. 1873. i iu ue TOuunueu. Faith being the subject to be considered suucvtui-ruularge numoer oi.tne sisters met, ana a good spirit was manifested bv all present: at the General Retrenchment meeting, after HTCTmox. tr floclro Jan. rrrflt with n t"171 vmn Ar w gt oil tne v'w j :, the reading and acceptance of the minutes alleatOhe"siifferingCotth r of the last meeting, and also the reading of :S toter, 1872,;wi the mihutes of" meetings imisipner I and beddinir suitable to the ihclemencv of the ds, and the by. "Young Mrs. Salinda Huntsman. Counselors. Our season, so' that nono tiarai snfTpr T fori that Retrenchment Associations." sister Emeline B. Wells read from the Book Society is small, consisting of nineteen as sisters and helpers in the Kingtlom of somewhat isolated, God we have a great duty to perform, and if of Doctrine and Covenants, the first lecture memDers, ana we live n settlement in we fail in that duty, we shall 'fail 'to receive being the most on faith. . : Utahr Notwithstanding, we desire to be that great reward which awaits the dutiful - Counselor Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball then one with our sisters in our labors of love. in the future. The sisters nil seem anxious said if she did not understand something about the subject of the chapter which had that thereby we may lighten the burdens of to "assist' our" :PresrdAii f;"J7 FT "Tlipha our brethren in helping to roll forth the Lat- - sets an example worth v for all to follow, hv just been read, she had been a very dull ter-da-y work. Our means . are limited as of kindness, and deeds of chai itC - student- - Fith was an attribute of theDeity. with but of our Heavenly A. 1. FnoDSiTAM. It was also an attribute of man, the highest 3ret, we the blessing g 10 miena increase tnem oy attributed by whicli,. earthly things were ruiner, 110 USEIIOL1) II INTS. our mites together, to ;ass!st the poor linked with those above; it was indeed,- the most elevated attribute mortals could and aid in gathering those who are in HOME DRKSS. possess. It should be cultivated; "and the bondage in distant lands, that they with us to be made or in free; help any other way to cultivate it, AVas to think, to read, to may g house wi ves a re al ready wise a At purpose. reason and to pray. It was possible to abuse meeting held last their Spring sewing. Among '.''to drop the word considering any attribute and to cause it to become October, a vote was taken tho first necessary are the home diseased by too constant and fervent use "Female" from the name of our Society, dresses. things For home wear, calico retains its was unanimously sustained. Your being made of it. To be strong in body and whichvaluable supremacy.- - The most desirable is the Eng is esteemed very paper highly by strong in mind it vas requisite to keep all which is a yard wide and cail be bought the Hiculties correctly exercised. The dif- us, and is read with interest. We feel that lish, cents. It is firm and close in texture 20 for ference between faith and excitement was it will do much good in vindicating the and of patterns whicli commend themselves "Down-trodde- n womanifested by the workings of the true cause of the Unlike our men of .'Utah.".. May Jleaven bless the both in color and beauty. Lord of the and of that spirit magnetism, Editor and all others who help to promote American prints, they do not ape the Frencli,-b- ut "as shown by tho powdr" a "strong Methodist tho cause of have a character quite their own. The truth. revivalist, could have over a congregation, prevailing tint is generally brown or purple, Mrs. Ann Pulsipher, Secretary. Comuis ioned to . -- bece h - J It.-Gr- ant meet-relate- see-A- gain , -- a - u of-sniffi- u5uui-t?A.erci- ses ner ana-prav- er. - - ' .. il-ir- : etoioXP0XENt:-- by 1 8th-War- Co-operat- ive south-wester- . rd7-AvTih- her-word- s aa-din- WELL-managin- . so-styl- ed -- -- 1 