V ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1SS 7 ' . I SPLINTERS. - ". Sunday liquor law is strictly,, en- tnrougnout .reiersDurg......iv norse- in Worcester lately had both legs by a horse which be was shoeing...- -, Three young men were recently drowned, at Albany by the capsizing of a pleasure boat in which they were sailing...... Only two buildings were left standing at San Salvador tti tx. i.,n!L-.- i I Hartford. Connecticut,' will cost half a million dol- - I ever is emnloved in keeping house;' throwing ; There are sixteen .public, parks in London, j away in preparation nearly as much as is made his The Senate Chamber at Ottawa is to hate a bust use of, and using twice as much as is needed of .uiuie jrruiccsdoi Haies......iusion, u is runiorcu, almost every thing, servants and cnnuren will soon visit America again.. ...Qakes Ames loilQWiitLiheJaotsteps of theirmastersi and pa wed at Boston on the Sth inst......The wife of rents, and learn to'waste and destroy enough to Governor Safford of Arizona has gotabUl of divorce support largo communities, in good style, if from him...... Science-h- as been in COuld'be engaged long wliat is judiciously put away seeking to discover and make known the principle to use. is worse than covetousness Miserly of life, wherefore, whence and how it originates- - but , e t : The ioreeu ghoer broken ,1.1 " . , . --' 4L 7 I iwn h-- ; r tox. palace, both badly 1.1 ' Ttj the least article, even the. smallest bit of rag 1.. 1ms sinPA fiillonT. appointed to a $1,200 clerkship inthe house , in New York...... In Washington, gus," recently died from a clot in the heart twelve oimecnanicsor iaoorers. inegremuwtuiua, numberless They find statuary marWe in Ver- - placed around His children the Pennsylvania, a short time ago, a wholesale inches long- g jail (Jelivery occurred, a notorious murderer mont which is said to be as fine as any in the world, varieties of beauty and use, to cheer and There arc no less than forty-nin- e among the escaped prisoners...... A bridges in den their lives; but not that they should become abun-wh- o Quincy. man was lately found in the street Providence, R. I..U...A railroad is being built idle and indifferent over them, by being had been robbed of $15 in money, and through the Notch at the White Mountains... dantly blessed with the good things of the his pants, all but one pocket which contained There are, as reported, twenty thousand pauper ( earth. , .. $25. to which ho had clung with desperation, children in London, who go to school... In the midst of luxury we should seek to cul- .The ......Nearly 500 persons were killed and Hoosac Tunnel, not yet completed, will cost $20,- - tivate simple habits, which :are tile greatest wounded by the San Salvador earthquake. 000,000...... Fifteen million of bricks will be made producers of genuine happiness, , longevity and Senator Sumner, though still feeble, inlistonthis season. .....Miss Emma Hubbard usefulness.' Children should be taught to be hisrphysicianST think, rwithrpropert'eaje; hafeceifed the decree of Bachelor of lawr"from ieWseiWndidjrVnrand" more industrious than" glad-bein- . - " of clothing from another woman Of During the las: year or two of his life, Louis Napo- teachers whom Iowa employs, 0,355 Icon was very devout. Jare5,103 women...... A brother of En srland's dis-t i nguished - stateman,Jolin zBrightlately "dleuTarCneva; Switzerland . .... .Mr. X" T. 1 11 n ) (J MA h iy ju Al 0 A hii 1 . -- Stewart's r'Home for Working Women," in New York, is alwut completed. .....The I.OUISC JL. CiltEENl Edif or. Flushing "Journai" of Flushing, Long Island, has only begun to think that of all in Salt LaVn Citv. TTfah. Tonm: points of the age, the most important point OnePublished one $ 2: one cony, six months. Si. Ten coning copy year. lor consideration is the children: wo sun- for tha nriiB ftf ninn. A rlvort im( ratoa" untra sink posed every ''thinker" had thought Of that I lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2; per month, eemi-nionthl- v. : " to some one of our Father's creatures, if not to themvlv. No bread tastes so sweet as that which is fairly earned ; and jio poverty can be r 1 -- ft t i n v I tm ti nr! rrrnri iftri nrr ti 11 n f wit inh ynm oa of carelessness and extravagance. Live pru dently and within your means, is an excellent rule to hold to. PETITION FOR POLYGAMY. - .'J. In this issue of the Exfonent will be found a peiit ion purporting to be got up in Lowell, around the streets, a drunken A;agrant, whoj Massachusetts, asking the Legislature of that State to enact a law authorizing and legalizing, during the war of the Rebellion, won fori as a soldier, the commission his gallantry under certain conditions, plural marriages. of Brevet Major General j intemperance and From other newspaper sources we gather that SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 15, 1873. the gambling table have wrought this ruin. many of the signers of this petition are married ......The Legislature of Pennsylvania has women, who, like Emily Faithful, see the THE TERRITORLVL FAIR. passed a hill appropriating for the Centenin which women are placed, and are nial Exhibition $l,000,000..lt is announced to brave public - prejudice in their that Edward S. Stokes is again doomed to The following brief note from the Secretary of PreParc(I behalf. But apart from the reasons advanced suffer, in expiation of the murder of James the Deseret Agricultural & Manufacturing So-- therein why such a proposition should receive . Fisk, the full penalty of the law.: Last cicty ca!ls fol a resI,onse from the various month's storm appears to have made a gen- - le"ef Societies, which we hope will be promptly legislative sanction, there are still others which might be most strongly urged. Evil cral sweep over nearly the whole of the forwarded. It is desirable that the ladies' Shltes,.i...Iowa refuses to establish partment of the forthcoming Fair should be as courses are so common amoug young men, esThe national debt ell represented as possible, and reports are pecially in large cities, that men of pure and capital punishment... are largely in the. minority. of Japan is estimated at $1:10,000,000.. t. . . solicited from the Societies that (leskn contri- - blameless--liveThe productions of a two weeks opera season buting to it,.that proper arrahgnients for them These young men lire' 'sowing their wild oats" in Chicago amounted to $12,52G.... ..Yellow may be made in due time. Here is Elder --rsowing a harvest that is to produce a crop of fever is raging at Rio do Janeiro The CampbeUfs,note:.:A.-;:?:..:.i.l.evils, diseases, shattered constitutions, ruind fortunes, Empress of Austria was mourned three Editor Woman's Exponent: reputations. And when they weeKs by the Russian Court.. ....It is conIn your interesting paper of the 1st, ult., the liaye lived lives of intemperance and ludness auuuat iJiuuuci ui me slluuA auu Aj.unujiu;iuriu ooeieiy issuea ior years, tnen tney seek fair, young, pure, bees of the States rc honey vnti, ; ' tiu.vdp.ir. . tneir aid in contri7 requesting ...General , Rhpridin U iroin? ....to uie lerruory, $8,000,000... . . . land nuritv in minister in thoir v t i mJLi i. ii, i.nt:,,,. ""vvv anao j .1 ii 01 ifti.va iDOOK.. luanu. im; jicxiiluj iai. '.rr. lair ra Francis puinis ....ueorge marked success. President Woodrofr.and thp and propose to increase the number of (1iasl. ininiary au uejJiuui uu i igozni oi erectors desire a report from, each sickly inhabitants of the earth by the:ir union ii nnrialMi ft p ' Aaoress all busineps communications tf Publishers Woman's ExroNnrr, Salt Lako City, Utah. on con-diti- c de-Unit- ed s ; vir-Unite- v T.if i " : in America......A Japanese " .Zrr has been made . 1 are refluesleu to address the under- .1I,evr-- -- a deacon Baltimore Methodist Con- ference......Tho Kino- of Siam. thA Mfkndn '; r k fFt of Japan and the Shah of Persia Citv.f Mnv tnkft ItiteW. . Salt Lake . i J Rj ikt.? ir in tae vVmcrican Exhibitinn. ' A COMMON VICE. Rev. Newman Hall designs viitin Am erica...... Mary Queen of Scotts, it is said. is to be made a Saint...... There is an "Alex- - 13 wastefulness a sin? If so, how very guilty, anuer uumas" association in iinstnn in mis respect, arc Aiiipr p.ins as a people! . Finding. Livingstone and fame has cost living har been so easy in nearlv all portions Stanley $1,500.....A.-- school for teaching of this country, food so plentiful and so readily is to be opened in Boston obtained," that little or no care has been mani- girls house-wor- k Jcnmo Ulhn.....A 3IassacliusctU man is festal by the great mass of people, as to how or Kail lev make $ ,000,(KK) worth of chairs annually, whence it ;ame. People are lavish of fuel, w oe Duui ai j lights material for clothing, and, indeed, what- in-th- e - - W .forth-comiii- -- ...w.v 1 7-.- " uS i. x- -. d chaste and guilele&s maidens. They, do ivt8 among uioe wnom mey nave dragged down to destruction; they could not minK 01 associating themselves permanently with women whose lives have been at all like tIl?iXOWI1i Ml r. baying, destroyed virtue, per haps at the outset, having rioted with vice and become tired of ministering to gross sensuality again seek spotless virtue to ally to their licentious, depraved lives! Are such men fit to become the husbands of pure women. th fathers of children borne by pure women? Y'et society, as it exists in most places in Christen-b- y doni, gives millions of women no choice but to marry such men or remain single. They must crush out, or bury beyond human sight, - hey 