jJ " ' , , " 1 ' ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. : -- r t- -r-i J i , " r 127 . ' , ..- - . . " . .. . , - , anything, you are dressed well enough, upon the kitchen girls, What . nonsense, w-- -, and-- -" , what it all is! Is a schoolmls- M Y FIUEND. But the girl waited for no more. She tress any better or higher than a washerShe is not at all like1 other people; she; is sprang to her feet, the tears streaming froin woman ? Not a bit. And - are not school-m- i stresses andwasJn3rwomenMU her o wn si ngularpri m it i veself.-- Every her eyes, her, face crimsoned with shame, lauies better aii'd higher up than the lady loafer, person has peculiarities sacred to the one and turned towards the door, beverai and possessed by no other; but her original- who had been watching the scene, and who the Steve Moores of the female sex, in short? . 'y ities arc unprecedented, and entirely her appreciated the situation, instantly were at Yea, verily. to a led her of most One seat, are side. them Women her the absurd creatures, all own. Iler irood sense is a safe and sure - backing for her in all circumstances. She and putting motherly arms around her, owing to the siUyfancyJhat it is ladjMike soothed her as she would a grieved child. to be a loafer. A little time ago one of my always dresses in good style bu t wi tli such small busy housekeeperfriendsoisked a lady superior taste that whatever she puts oh is TEelilnirilieucstioi loafer caller what had become of her sister thetie: becoming to her. Nothing is ever new to do can we "She goes down town: every day,; now,',' "What is it, my.dear? What her: she seems to have a presentiment of said the lady loafer, hesitatingly. r";.. ; you?" occurrences before they take place, to antici for : answer came sobs the the "Is she at work?" inquired the houseThrough pate and be prepared for j ust what transpires, "I never had to ask for help before, and I keeper. i. and consequently to understand the precise before I so with to hard had myself "Well, ye yes,,rsaid the lady loafer, still struggle method of undertaking and managing any lost my place more too could come this morning. I no j. i omes i alpii : SI o 71 Huubk&ui Wthelirebut Whatdoeohfi.xlQ?!l inquired jnyifri end. miserable, 1 must live until then. cannot loafer stammered and Ixickcd off The but I stay lady niakeliersclf al home,' at ease, and agreeable unlessT pay my board painfully two or three times, and finally wherever she may be placed. And yet, for me to made a clean breast of it, thusly: withal.- shehtertairisan: intense--' longing,-- to every week, and there is no place "Shesheshehas "charge oflhe - gora'nd I don't knowwhat I shall do." intellione of life Into from this higher pass a dressmakings. estab.Iishmei.it . much' do you require?" "How . in gencerrVvherethtMiiiiid- -i ; The sum was told, and little cnougn it Slie has nothing to do with the dressmaking. scopes andfreer access to in her hand, with She has charge of the trimmings. It's not fountains of pure and eternal knowledge. was; inTali instant it was pocket of her a common dressmaking establishment. . It's She seems to have drawn forth so much of aicadcUtiorc beside from the she went away happy one of the "fashionable dressmakers She the finer grade of excellence which belpngs nefoundTriendrand one of the incidents won't make a dress for-- a poor person." to earthly substances, that her mind now and safe. This is but "01k dory! Fan me with a ciibbage are constantly occurreaches forward, grasping at something of a like character that as leaf!" quoth my friend, the small giving these women such insight beyond, which, while clogged with this ring, never of that lives had before into the mortal coil, it cannot fully comprehend. It they of whom Henry The idea of a body's dressmaker settings is not i n the daily routine of busy, careless large class of their sex, a herself to be "hignstocracy., The laurels of "There is life that the real sublimity and grandeur of Ward Beecher once said: them and only hell." the lady loafers in the circus chariots arc cambric needle between her strangely beautiful intellectual powers 3CkTs --"phase of poverty is a new revelation to quite withered after that And yet, why areclearly and unmistakably visible, though7 to meet it not a dressmaker? Isn't money made at in common conversation she expresses much ; them, and they are learning feel a tender pity for those dressmaking quite and much in her expressive language which properly, andtoto hide it; only revealing the made 'ayith lork, whisky, hides, soap, tallow would be self conceit and egotism in another, who strive truth at last when it becomes a bitter neces- and tobacco? Those are the material founportrays only self knowledge and absolute That they did ;not understand it at dations upon which our American nobility strength of character in her. She is indeed, sity. fault of the persons them- found their airy castles of aristocracy, you a strange composition, wonderfully endowed. first is not buVthe of their education. There know, and I'm sure dressmaking is quite as But to understand what she is, one must selves as the effect of. managing the high and honorable as any of them. become familiar with her ways, intimate are traditional manners were nptprac with herself, and hear her in a private ram- poor 'that they quickly found . and they learned the ways fast as Gentlk' oxen, suitable for hauling a ble, back over some of the quiet windings, their did with wnai uoimr they basket phaeton - about town, are in request twisUngs.andwining3..ofihethreadidIJieE possible, whole tlfciO if hearts among the ladies of Titusville. past lifer Then her singularities are plain "Pioneer." first at a little to be observed and comprehended. She bungle A square dance is called the Pyramid, and being similar to the quadniay be still an anomaly, but it is clearly aprille, is likely to become quite as iopular. parent why; and the sympathies which her WOMAN LOAFERS. soul 'stirring Words awaken arc ever pleaA pa i n of ladies' rubber overshoes were sant and intelligent, though of a strangely The following, furnished by a correspon lately found in the stomach of an. ox at solemn and dignified nature. of the Cincinnati "Commercial" is good Grange, Vt What became of the lady is . G. dent Will some not known. to read enomrh ..:, and reflect upon. j oJuour voung,.:lacues::vho:airejaccagtonuHg "I'vk always heard the world was round on down to "look lalx)r" hemselves give and now 1 know it," were Seward's first AN AFFECTING INCIDENT. the subject a little consideration? words to a concourse of friends who welcomed whole to me the seems that "Sometimes it him to Auburn after his circumnavigation An affecting incident of the sufferings, KurMariifo-n' two ideas vom:m based is upon Tl of the globe. of working women rendered houseless and in apiiiGrand envy. The woman who lives -- "Six feet iivhis boots!" -- exclaimed -- 3!rs. penniless by the Boston fire, is told thus: en- and rooms two back apes little stairs, up a fire very During the first week after the ana Beeswax; "what will the im udence of this house, vie.iihe wonianwitlr from far not tlietlarge world come to, I wonder? Why, they pretty young girl, evidently a in is house a woman with steady the scat large a and in took, came away had six heads shyly twenty, be not might as well tell me the man from the crowd. She was quite noticeable, fever of fear and fretting lest she stone in his hat." both from her face and manner and her recognized by the woman with thea clown Dickers says: "I have known vast quanfront house and a circus chariot, with Uress, which, although it was only-Hadressed up in buttons. No matter how high tities of nonsense talked about bad mcu not alpaca, was worn witli a genuine" lady-lik- e woman climbs upon the social ladder, looking you in the face. Don't trust to that style and daintiness; everything about her up a is conventional idea, Dishonesty will stare you always still some higher Jiignt out of countenance was scrupulously neat, and there was an air there any day in the week, if of refinement about her that told of better which she can't scale, some other over her there is 1 anything to be got by it. looks down upon her, and gives surroundings and different modes of life head whoand 'Miss Knight, of Boston, has invented a , nights of jealousy and head from most of the women there assembled. A her days is machine for making paper bags, and is havmember of the committee, wondering at ache. Not a blessed woman of them allfate ing a number of them manufactured at her appearance, went to her and accosted her happy and content in the soil wherein as planted her, but must needs spend her Chicopee under her own supervision. The rather brusquely: were at first skeptical time nndistrength in- - frantic efforts-t- o pull workmen:-employeWeli;:whatvarc"yo up bvlthe roots and transplant her as to her mechanical ability, but she cured - A painful. flush rose quickly to the sensi-- , herself The snobs who ride them of thfa-bdaily and working self somewhere-else.goig five face, and she replied: their noses at the among them, detecting mistakes and im"I heard some one told me, that all who circus chariots curltlioupschoolmistresses look proving plans with a keener eye than any" needed temporary assistance were to apply schoolmistresses, -down "from their infinite bights upon the man in the works. Iler invention is said to here." J."7.1; be an invaluable one, and she will make a dresMiiuke-s- , and the """"AVclI,"-"- was the "answer," "why. "do you clerks" and come? you don't look as though you needed dressmakers in turn pay it off with interest fortune by it. (Written for tlio Exponent. . tom-foole- - ry .'. . . : . - .. ; ' -- " ; I mueh-tobedull-and ee inny-boartling-pla- trim-ining- tho-inexhaus- s., table -- - busy-housfc-keeper- NEV-fashion- . ed ' - - - 5 '3 f 1 " -- -- . . ck d - - j -- 3 