ZJ rtl i KCJ KJ ; 1 I 1 ! , WOM AX' B EX P O X K X T. 'fleeces were cJiiieiI, hapjeiis to occur lowlier city, and as considerable pain Twas taken by will soon prove, in nior ways than one, a very ml some nil frosty winter's morning, those. soft, the Boa rd of Directors of tl I)ceret Agricul irreat benefit to the if tl work on it warm stocking appear to her to he "thrice tural and Manufacturing Society, and others. J continues iwithout hinderance, as projected. Ti-rrifo- LlecdJ ' ' fetelietLgaiters ever seem to make their short stay an agreeable one, Ave to half nice herns Ho the little neat, white hope it proved such, and that we may hear "buck-xkin- " ' t shoes, fastened with delicate' pink reports; 'from. it. Imws, inaHe by the1 skillful hands of her own Interesting accounts are "given of the late mother. Tins is personal Cache Va ley . Con ferehce I lehl at Logan Ci ty, patient, practical ' "' -o-f- . ar- Mi ,' some-pleasan- 1 ' . experience. None are so happily situate! as jhose who are able to inanufacture for thenistlves, instead of paying out money. In order to hire others to them,-Th- is mamifaeture-fo- r statenVent is no less true .of a nation or a kinHom, than of a X:: famjly or an incliviUuaL )r X Tlie community that chops its wood with imported axes, churns its butter in imported churns, clothes itself with .materials brought from other countries or other parts of a country, imports its school books and its school teachers or sends its children abroad to Ie educated; and manages 4ill its allairs in a similar manner, can never thrive and become wealthy like the one which develop its own resources, and is able to exiort instead of heiiuj; obliged fto import, the common requisites which belong to civilized life. is the one great principle, and Itheojuly one, upon which :4Jiitf jMvlngytem6f home majiufactu rc,ca n be profitably introduced i nto a commu ni ty. 1 f tradesmen a nd t engaged in all the various departments ';-;- -- Co-operat- ion rades-wome- -- oniseful n, to .patron-- , M ize andisustain each other, annueh a$ iossible in producing, and using, home productions,; a beautiful order would thus be established, in which home manufacture would produce home i iWieie!Hleneev But so long as each one demands money of every oiuyfor his or her work, in order that all may trade where they will, so long as laborers refuse to sustain each other in their home in dustries, "there will henutle Independence realized, among the masses of the people. HOME AFFAIRS. Wk understand that a new daily paper has been started at Beaver, entitled "The Beaver '.. Y :;..Y -': Ixmterprise." :.;Y;jl of There has been considerable thmitening heavy storms in this valley of late, but as no results of a a serious natureJiaYexJCctrrrea. The ki:ioht of a ladies meeting, held at Provo during a late visit- of President Miss & lOiiowlo that city, has reachetTus,- but loo late for insertion in this issue. Mrs, Belinda M. Pratt, of Fillmore has recently taken the superintendency of the fctore in that city, which Itelief she writes us has fair prospects of doing a good business.' .Y y a number to lind that It is very gratifying of ladies are becoming interested In writing for the Exponent. vAVe hope xto see their endeavors increased, and! that others will be encouraged to engage in like undertakings. Some of the Belief Society reiorts in our present issue are particularly interesting. There are a few hints in the one from raradise, which might be considered with profit by any woman connected, with the. good cause of the ,:- - - Co-operat- ive "; " "; tv work. ' : ' - Clear cool nights and mornings have char- - acterized the state of the atmohere in this valley for several days past. In some portions of Cache valley, we lcara that slight touches of frost have been apparent during the last days of the paf-- month. A PartyJ of ' Editorial Ixcursiouists, from diflerfnt parts of the Union, lately visited this t It will run from Hilliard on the Union Pacific Bailroad, Southeasterly miles, to the head of Mill Creek; a tributary of the river. And it is believed that through this ;ineliunif I he best of lumber can be furnishel to the markets cheaKT than it Can be iinprted, as the line will run in easv distance to hot less 1 an 2T,0(Mi: acres : of excel I eh t t i mber. 0 th e r important advaiitiiges are also stated as bearing connection tVthis new ra ii road-e- tcrpri stv- for-twen- ty . by President Young ami ai ty. Iarge and iittetttiVjg'o.ngreiGltions afe rcwrtcdhto have assembled, as usual on such occasions, from all parts of the valley. This evening is theone tor, the Sunday School Convention, being the first Monday 'in i' the month. Teachers should bear if lii' mind, f 'For the KxroxwT. REASONING. and. .be present, that they may .keep up with the growing interests of the Sabbath Schools I have', been roasonig within my own in this city, and aciiaint themselves with the progressive steps of the Sabbath School Union. inindupon the .subject of reading fiction, and concluded that it is entirely wrong and iI llimTH detrimehtaVtur-l)e7- s n to of Exi'ONfcNT theiibribers seems a fine - way to .spend our leisure ihe jtortibh ince its comincccmcnt is desinms moments, and entertain those around us. in this city ofwi t hd ra wi ng Jfronilh ctser vices t h us reuderctl But it, is not truth, therefore it must be a nd wisl les t o not i fy a i ty a dy wi i o would like f;dsehoo(l;3aiiH itlippears that we'Jove, ainl lif wo toll tliom niifl tli r her paper delivered for one year, beginning if wo fln'f with the next issue, that he wilUfeccdvje7pay Scriptures s;iy that whosoever loveth or and be responsible tor its safe delivery. He maketh a lie shall have their portion in the does not propose to receive any further appli- Like that burheth with fire and brimstone. is both foolcations after the 15th inst. rTr77 I can now see that this practiceresolved ish and wickedrantl am; fully that BiSHOPSy Post masters, Presidents of Je-licolored and facinating the Societies and other prominent citizens in however highly fiLvtil)niihiit iouie,s in nivway Lwillihun it as. I would the coils of a serpent which speaking good words and accomplishing good wou Id exti uguish life. For o vel read i n g, works for the Woman's Exponent. We ten- if in, will uproot our love of truth, der our grateful acknowledgments for these fillpersisted our minds with trash, leaving' no room efforts from the journal's many and kind for useful knowledge; useing up money and friends, trust they ma ylbe contihuedlAvith as our precious time, r grieving the Holy Spirit, much earnestness m id sincerity in the future otwl loorliiKr iKilnwn in do:itb. TTnW t HHTfllt aiid even greater success; and that the worthy the opposite picture, if our thoughts are .filled with truth, theology, scientific .literaexample may be followed by many others President" Young, with a party of Elders ture and all the knowledge we can acquire, irohTtlnsaTnd neighboring toviis7Tsliow on a oi useminess.7vnu we spenu our leisure of God and tour through the northern settlements of the tiine in difi'using: our knowledge to and duties Ilini, that we our Saints, visiting and holding meetings. Com- are relationship His offspring; that He has given us munications from niembers of the company in His own image, both physstate that her is irrgood health, r and enjoying organizations ically and mentally, the right use of which his labors as usual. Their meetings were will exalt. us in His presence to thrones, to be held at Bennington, for Tiiul powers imparting all Bear Lake 'Valley ; the epmpany expect to re- - principalities as ci rcuuistances inay; retrue knovyjedge v urn to their homes oir Saturday, the ith inst. '" - -'""T"' :.'-; quire. If we in our duty to Him do good to all; Hon. George'Q. Cannon, for some years the alitor of the " Deseret News," has retired from if we feed the hungry, clothe the naked, tlier position ioii ccoiiht Tof a grearpress of Vidt and administer to the wants of the we shull Jiave oiir sicnofliicjed,jJlu3ir oUieOlties,laiidJICIdeiI)a will saas is re-- " stinies that' responsible situation. Both" gen- reward.' For the Savior blessed tlemen are well known in the conimunity as corded in His word "Come ye Kingdom prepared for men of great intelligence 'and integrity, well Father, "'inherit the you before the foundation of the world." worthy the confidence and good wishes of the For I was and ye fed me, thirsty hungry " manthe under trust the We Xews," people. and ye gave me drink, naked and ye clothed into continue of Elder Calder, agement niay me, sick and in prison and yo raine unto crease in usefulness, meeting in the direction me. "In as much as ye have done it unto of its calling, the wants of the growing popula- one: of the least of these my brethren, tion and the desires of its new editor. done it unto mo." Now, the llelief who A school for ladies," design studying Societies have done this to all the hungry and becoming conversjint with the science of and destitute of this Territory that they obstetrics, will be opened in this city, in a few could search out, and, they will have their must days, by Mary H. Barker, M. I)., whose card reward. And still there is room. We , lasts." appears in this issue of the Exponent. The "work while the day The rulos given hy 'anaiicieiit philosopher lady, we understand, is fully competent to give a thorough classical course of that which she to his pupils, I think are worthy of applicaundertakes to teachra nd i s prepare I to open n class as soon as books which have been sent for "Nor ht foft t lumber close y ur fyes. iieiu Before you've recollected iwice arrive froji the East, The class will be the day, Tby train of actions through out at her rooms, where she will be found by any their way. feet have chose, Where my I her with I to ve been, inake whcreie arrangements learno have I Whit lady wishing seen all I've fro heard ofiice all I've from hours, concerning the school", during her What duties have 1 left undone, which are designated in her card, also her place Or into what new follies run?' are the roai These of ofiice. , and to God." That leads to xirtue The Ogden "Junction'' tells us about tlie ExCELLKTTi:. Bear River Valley Jlailroad, which it shows 1 n 4. x--4f 1 in-it-- o ef idifterent:-part8-oHtIrc7ritor- yl . ai-poin- to-da- ted y, ' of-m- -- ye-hav- v f , self-enquiri- es . e 