V I e Lgi-j'j-ag i- : .jjig55mLa.ta .. - WO MADK OF KISSES. 1 ' from .Rover, Maggie "With the strictest reverence, Back of sunny lashes, : - - T. AND SCISSORS. London, ind also from brother George K ;Giobs, tof the Millennial Star office; and on hhe l!Sth Wont oh Inmrd thi "Wisconsin'." Wati jiinMui good In others, more per-- " , v ffV j thaninythinirJt'Isetri'nth tV i V'.If-.yy. for our haylessens allhoturh my brother and I anticipate snend- own virtues and faults; mg si few days in the Eastern StatesWith fng goodness in out inind, it leaves its iniour relatives. Since abmad. I have neither Dress there, and good deeds follow. j i 'JiaxLtinie, uiuvii which. nvniVf eAcepi in muse seu.Mjiis oi ye. may reaen oiii auei oiuer uimgs . f ' wnuiever devotion and holy aspirations, when nicest will pass away aiHi perisn; out ior interests, and dearest objects 'are ever we do for the good of Zion we w ill not fail present with us! but when J shall be ner- - of beinyr rewarded. , initteti to;, reaen that ;j)oint, superseea every other in interest, i)pf0kens nnrrowinindedness a irreat inhul v. V i ' (Just her grandma over), In the truest, bluest eyes . EXi' O N K.N lN r in a. ji pope. "What are jou made of, Maei. turns .hi- i A N '8 . -- While the earnest answer corae?, ".Made of dust and ashes." ? ' f ' ' 1 1 1 A ? '1 What you made off Johnny, boy;" Boy stands still a minute; . . Tlfthere'rauymtschiofTOund, He's the one that's in it. ""'"I ain't dirt!" flis brown eyes gleam,' i j And he archly reaches Toward the basket's winy board, "Guess I'm cream and peaches'' ITeerirll TWrrfTclTnritFfut!im ; afew numbers, is to pie, tlie lest the alert thinking Intelligently, judging . .. . . i representative of Utah, for in that I see so eorreeuy, aimi ncnug receiS'ed j ! . speaKing generously many familiar names, and repeated testi- nob!jT and wisely. What you made of Tuddie. r.et '." " monies of the continued energies, and stoad- Taddie's eyes ara glowing, a sensible .. . Professor .Fowler, i A(;('oiti)iN(rto Two, white hands puih back tbe.cur!?.. i oi .:many of the mouiers . , , lastnessj aim Two white teeth are showing;- uo as Tsne r lierwelh jusi laughters of Zion, in promoting And tbo sinTIeSr tliey twTnT round xouo want oi every. iii vm, TTTmitHtS Like a band of blisses;:- - r not for her a it 'that man is may; "Cause theytake3 'em, all the time, . ith them, and reunite my weaR efforts in thing s i to dpects l made ot kisses." place do it alland shew incapable in the m:1f rmunu,ri ino- A - x. i niany respects it she shouhl want to. oy- - is a:serene siikI sober niotion; fTnifK !We?fn sat IhiT i Via n yli ' Idcjn; And entered many h p jrt j and ; theyl ..u't& M iserably decei vetT tlia tak Htkamdu Wisconsin, June 1,1 T4. Apw'dmHDi a prinely 1'h1hc, -la u g h i n g for r ej o i tri ngt t h e seat of it is with- -' A n d m ny i lord ly Oou ft. in, and there is no cheerfulness like the 3Iy Dkau Li'iiA We areeveii days oiitf M Seen many resolutions of a brave mind, that has fortune .nrques and Ch urche', And witnes'd service there; J'2??LMYMr7J?.ilvtJ 'iil smooth sea, aiidj under its feet, thus far. a verv iifsiHiYu nuri Ana how un ike the (i ppei, To liiany persons i t seems a sn mil th i ng in j teaTriex affords tiieb& piit flown ind prepare matter for the -- period any we have patronized on our tour the How long ahaU supertilt'.n, cal p ress, bu 1 e t those inexperienced-wit- h staterooms are nioi-- comnif)dions iiimI-HPriestcraft and itrn'ninc.n Kind the pen, and whose bmins have never been rt h s: a no! Jou ngesJroiiar In chains our fo'low beings trained to systematic Ialxr, attempt to And dwarf Iheir powers f :egiving sufficient: littitude ibr an ordiiiarvi fulrmshhleilectua sized person, at least, to move. Captain their fellows, and they will soon rind that By undisu iLe tokens.". rreeman is a sociable, cheerful man, His favor' (I people know mental labor is far more destructive to That God again has spoken parentlyiuuch liked by crew and passengers, 1 health than all other toil. r From heav'n, to man below: and we are as wtrHnTtTas possible with A unioi 8 story of luck on a batlletield is our home in the midst of the waters. And that the glorious Go?pel perfectly authentic. A ball passed straight I wrote you last. at Hamburg in . Meets evpry mortal need; Germany, j through a man,s body, and the man recoverd. the Kith of May; that Whi 9 Truth Eternal triumphs we took evening This much is jnot unKiralleled, but there steamer for- - Umdon, wheii: we arrived O er every human Creed. was something more, highly curious and on the evening of the and put up By faitb, and works united, lucky. The man was consumptive, and had at "Cook's boarding House," (ireat Kus. Jesus' bio d tree: made Through formed tubercles. The ball carried away sell Street, where we stoooed on our oiif Hw r oble, pure, and Godlike, the tubercles, and the man recovered not Th livA... r Sint4 slifMtl.l U.. I. tour' H I'A .yui'te a J only from Th uu uur luiuni, especially when joined, as wef tJaferorn tho tierce destroyer consumption,, were, in the course of the evening by our on the water rides; That Of all amusenients that can iossibIy be j excellent mutual young friend and brother, 1 And "Urra lirma" dangers, imagined for a working man, after daily toil, Elder Junius K Wells. Here President! The Lord our pathway guides. ;or in the intervals, there is nothing like bmith received a letter from brother Paul From many a stranger country, A. chetUer, who reading. It calls for no bodily exertion, of parted with us at Berlin And many a foreign strand, which the man has had enough perhaps Y"1--relatives, and collect genealo-- i :. We now are sailing homeward, too much. It relieves his home of dulness Towards our native land. T gies, expecting to. join us at this point; To those who have an eye to see and a and sadness. Nay, it iccompanies him to v, .luamiuuces gainereci i i heart to understand, tho hand of God has his next daysr work, and gives him synie thing to think of besides the mere irieclmniciil anxious to hear him converse, thathe should lenTifi of his everyday occuiution somer require more time than he had anticipated, to us as- tourists: From calamities and drudgery can unless President Smith particularly coun dangers by storms at sea in front and thing he enjoy while absent, and to with pleasure. seled otherwise.; The party now consists of rear, we have escaped; and without any er Lontlioaxioiii,- that it is better ueorge A. Smith, my brother Tnteruptioh, woTthyof note-eithby sear to tVLiyiYsjid no have Lorenzo Snow, T. W. pictures than ixwr onespud that Jennings and mvself land, for which we feel truly grateful. We a reaiy good, thing is worth jviying for, being highly favored with of expect but a short stay in New York, which ile a !oor one is dear, at any price, I f wh will you accept as an apology for my writing migriition::Agcnt,2WC.:Staines as I am doing, trying to niake tie move- you cannot afford a first rate line 'engraving, returning from Kurope to New York. e Iu London wc attended Conference with ments of my pen eom'si)ond'W4tJhe updu- - buy a lithograph; if you cannot afford a the Saints, on Sunday, in the Grand Amphi-theatr- iaung motion otjiie ship, wliMiisnotthe iorcelaiu, buy one of Le blond's oil -n ts. Put whatever yoii buy, al ways keep Holborn, where their meeting pasiest thing, imaginable, as you will per- - lri in were , held and well attended President to have the best of its chtss, and mind wciu my ' ueniuious scnobling. that no one can afford to buy a second-rat- e Kmza K. Snow. V the a item wn and evening were . workr of r.rt. . than larger c!5Ef JhwsihaTectheirji5cs r?K53)W IFen one is disposed to count at any hiU; Conference. a fact which few people T cost as cast realize; I ho Spirit of the Lord previous they of letting children hunt un their . w as free and pow er, tiye uii iWt co ering into the l. ful and the Saints rejoiced much on What own sources of amusement, and of that uoes oecome of all the boots and shoes? occasion-testimo- nies them with means of occupation, providing were borne of a very Many of theni it will be and found that the latter is the more economical interesting nature, and it is t.rboiw.wwi nJi put into chlorideireofcut into .small pieces i some seed fell on gornl, ground-suf- fice sulphur for...n fpu--.v,f VM J, in a monied point of view, to say to This makes the leather it nothing of and after other points in its favor. The brittle, iy, the Saints had a refreshing time. Here naa uctn wasnca ana , u .msut iMercy K, ThomiKon. wlii.t.. thoroughly drieil it struction. the mischief and Inivrw fb:if aim mixed with a sort ruuer it'll in lioudon on our way F:isf ' f or 'Oii- theiTtli Avc im It is then pressed into juveniles, leU to themselves, will make, wouiu, juuiciouiy lorestalled, furnish ample means for their pleasant and '. . . . i - f ? , . ! ti--.- ir : i- 1 e h :ii I of-Hii- hd Jf I ... : I im j I u-jir- IHl"1 home-ieelin- d v ?. gl - -- - A J i. j I j j - ! . - look-forwar-d - the-comp- any - ffrst-riit- - e, Mfcv ' . f tlu-ctjin- irara asJi-barre- -- -- ' - ' dent Uirrington w, ation, and the forming of habits invaluable io mem m iiiture life. 