fa f ill I WOMAN'S llXKOXKXT, 12 tjl Two the blow aimed at woman's rights in tho FreK Informed by a woman in Michigan KnHIh sntors. in liorlin. have ut put up lngnuysen bin.- Ana advocates of woman's their si"ii us dentists. ....Listz, tho music cause throughout the entire Union, shouldbe SPiJNTERS. 4 '. i - aiiye 10 me met mar, n a; wnuiar : attempt w In the forests of Maine; in part proressor, pronounces a youug iauy of .February, enow was four feet deep...... promising pupil, it is uss ivmm xmc- - mane next session or congress, it win nave a Tho umnnor in whn-- rPormletoh drew tears stacdt. who has lately entered tho concert- double object, as it had before: to further the o is pro-says an attemptI is.boing imade I ptn for pluiuer out . of of - - Oaks Aaine r- - thft ...... of political" adventurers in to Tiouiiced-beautifictoria.io poexiyyy this TerritortyTandrtotstrikeablow-a- t reduce queeu fhn......There an 1,000 to u o ner income near James'- Island, i" the woman's suffrage cause. cutting down alligators in a hole on J W Most of the men who urge with the most Tarleston," South 0it"ca;r strenuouneM has contributed a block of marble forhthe. Ohio hasJhrecaiiiUionjiccs thocrusade against the Mormons, , laud than Congress standard of vated nni Xta Pennsylvania..... monument .The Washington ghtsmove: admission to Yale College is to oe rawea, proniDiis gut puuiograpinv; ment ; and while they are its Y0""'"3 every aspect jn doubtless in view of woman's rights being In Washington...... Great damage has :cen Lvithoilt influcnc;c to effect anything against it universally acknowledged.... ..The Empress done by recent floods on the Delaware river. 3 rfMugenieLiis, foxr: herbage, . youn u' A pleasure uirougu congress in KMvi of thA f flimii iriveri the-hitte- h o-- . field.--.Rep- ort .. - . i : f, ul r ; ; 'j if ft .H F 4 $ I; S. a - I ..--. .T "W - :i f rE :1 ' 1$ M .li Wnmfm, fnKi SZy fa IiaK--: r .tThft-- : fto.OoOor catching the .mflin there... '.V. iney.wm naye successiuuy maae a poinc. sinaU-w- x editor, every person Every lectiirerr every nf 1 1 7 f pnm.iwit Ha on thn lttom of the (tleors' Eliot mada 40.000 by her "Middle . i . t ii. medals strucK m auvocaung or nueresteu in me cause oi woman, Arkansas river. .....Eighteen Cadets, atWest march. . ....Thirty-nin- e should make this matter his or lier :own, in ;Pointf CiUedto i)ass and were diseharged.Uh6norbf Be The suffrage. large" arid attentive Audiences liTasTuhgreported nas The inaugural ton.- - Jdrs. Kate jn. .uoggett, oi cnicago, Island has 3,000 militia s TWO DANGERS. ball civen in Washinjjton, on the 5th insfc. lately delivered la series of w as the grandest ever criven in'this country, before the Christian Union Association. )rt. Maine, has had an . earth- - ...... Delaware is to have a tonstitutionai 'There are two dangers to which the Kitter- Convention on the 20th of May., ii..The facts day Saints are exposed. One is a want of Iron ore is found in twenty-eig(make counties, inTennessee.-Michiga- n City claims and theories of Darwinism are to be lectured that stronfffaithliniifc on the Lakes, on and explained by Rev. Rowland Connor, seeure His blessings, often the result of a neg-to be tire second lumber-poi: ieetTordut boy in Mound City, Kansas, wastely of Horence. cnaseu mio me river anu Kiueu oy a caia7 j disregard of revealed truths, in consequence of mouht.t.. .A fever is raging in southwest mTT-which the Snirit of God is irrieved. The other iMin vnnTBMm '. 1 VVi ni n U ill AJS u Jj A Missouri the "minimr fever"...;.... ..The 1H Jj wAir Sa onrifrripn in iun protection MAh' iiorse-ttiseahas attacked the cows m bnythat Hewill Lord,Tahd actingoiv-thebelie- f der county Pennsylvania.. ;Vn" elegant LOUISE JL. REENE, Elilor. preserve His people frpm all danger or affliction, boulevard is contemplated at Concord, New! no matter what course they may persue. They ! O.U t Ili.L Hampshire... Cold weather in Louisiana n t has been destructive to bees in more than One copy one year, $2; one copy, six months, ti. Ten copies nave me promise mat ne win sustain mem " inumpuaiiuy u mey wm ue OMlinnrv Ktvlo f hU IWnn firnd n completed-inFebruary...Rh6- " : i de 1 Art-leeture- 1 ht .4 - J nt ; n A ytt'- - l 4 se hundrpd-irii- n Annfiiio-rirniion-dftvrrr- iP.i -- I.- 1 wTfn r maiiumenis, yet uiey nave no pruiiiise u sum protection if they neglect their covenants and disregardlhe commandments of the Lord. The Saints have been so visibly preserved from SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1873. many threatened dangersp and have so often A BL AIMED "AT WOMAN SUF been borne in safety over the troubled waters of affliction, that some seem to imagine they will FRAGE. continue to be so sustained, under all circum-- . Vtthe proinise! blessing is only- CDtrsrress adiourirecl Avlthdut tha bill "directed stanceSi eek to Kinctify and purify llieni against Utah becoming law, although it passed tll0Se the'Senate in a modified form, but still retain- - selves before iieaven. These are. principles whMi niothers.ithould inir the Drovision denriviiiEr, tho women-o- f Utah of the ballot. This is a point in which inculcate upon their children, upon their son aU the women of the United States should be and daughters, that from childhood to maturity interested, as far, at least, as they desire to the youth pftlie community may be trained t ,i.,.:..,.Jnii.mtf-n- ' rmiifiVni rimiitv' nnf. imnlv with m ways ana in me practice oi principles OI and. .thebenefit of his:health.Returhs ofthe men, but such Jiien asre to be found among the BghteoMnesstha London Rofirrl shmv. thnt for tliA iS7o hiost degraded-- class , of the colored race. a power.only .received aiuPenjoycd as a result the foreign trade of Great Britain reached or the most ignorant foreigners that may seek o livlnS honestly and uprightly before the the enormous total of $3,016,690,000 The our shores and desire citizenship. - Does any Lord, and observing every truthjf the Gosl Jose. California, boasts that in its .balmy climate, tomatoes and cats flourish in the A Minnesota judge open air all winter " decides that shaving on Sunday Is illegal. A youth in the same State tried to start his horse by hitting it with his gun which went off, carrying three of his fingers with it... ...Prince Gortschakoff, ifc is reiorted, iwill settlq the boundaries of Aijghanistanijy n a special committee......A decree has been in Romej-bissued royal wliich the Italian Government takes formal possession of the convents in that city. is to be made Isass, an English a baronet. .... .Prince Albert of RusK iq to be married in April...... The Russian Czar-- Address all business communications to Tublishers Woman's Exponent, ; Salt Lake Qty, Utah. 1 -- Anglo-Russia- -- y beer-brewe- -- r, vir " is 45 years old, noted for eloquence as an women of Utah of th e elective franchise by HISTORY AND ROMANCE. orator, iwssesbed of great energy and cotir- - repealing the'Territoiial statute conferring Jt raiidTa IawyerirFnevv combust ible, upon them, that the same body would imme- . ..wv-n.uu uiaifijf turn aiuumi auu uuuu us uwu woriij w A young mother wishes to be informed what coal, has lately been discovered in Italy...... by again conferring the suffrage on them difference it can make whether she reads novels It is reiwted that the Italian Government through any measure extending that right to or history to her children, is either will tend . has issued -- u to ; instructions the m imperative . xiuieouau womeiii,. iiiose woo are aguat- to inspire thought which is the foundation of , oil nniireiiKA , j uai . rfTnrT rm Ilfin trt imnnrln j k ... Vuntry the elective franch through the United States, are directly any difference with the reorle of Of terested fur rest in matter, this, what intrinsic importance it can bo to her or they may arrive here...v,.A school-teachin Minne- me mat anrca. strikes at. the congress that sota procured fiod and her children whether Henry VIII, of England, from a of the wonian Principle suffrage, divorced Catharine of Arrajron and had Anu by depriving neighbor, and kept his entire school in womcn of of to the will vote, right doors, refusing any one permission to Boleyn beheaded, or otherwise? Whether Na- attempt to go home during a late, long and not tuitlfy iteelf by passing or recommending polcon was longer remembered and more deepl v leuriui siornu.....i'oic nus iv nas wit-- ny. measure, nor any constitutional amend- - mourned by- - Josephine, or. Maria -- Louise? uesseu me ucam 01 iuu caramals during his ment, recognizing woman's, right- to this Whether""Mary Queen of Scots was dethroned - and imprisoned or not? AVhether Hannibal pontificate of a quarter of a century... ...Miss political status. sew of The Woman's Suffrage Association of New crossed the Alps, ortUd not leave Africa?--Or Emerson, ork, claims the author- dn.nf jwsiifntipps ftf thpir nmninvmnnf ii.n tu,, Italians fo pension aU le.vo Who h, of to-da- v? er bed-elothi- Shin nf ng i. . Xi,-lK(ifvnnilTrnntiJ IJ mile m..uw wiuwsuuw nav reccniiywas presented to A . I I J I . . I' v . -- . I w U1V.U I Hit Congress, protesting against j dred? I in tj iiii'i viiu Viliv VI 11U II- - - 