nrwiwir mrrnmt, mrrm fretr WOMAN'S EXP ON 13 25 Tv -- to avoid such a mistake. And to discriminate nicely between what is becoming to her, and that which is not. No lady who ha learned this lesson well, can ever imagine that of her person, in any way, will add to her cornel iness, no matter who she is or what her position in life. Nor will a woman of good judgment spend more on apparel than is requK .site, for comfort and neatness, JiovrevqnBRm gant her neighbors may be. The attempt to follow every new fashion that is introduced, without being able to judge whether it is an improvement on the old or otherwise, shows a great lack of intelligent, womanly freedom and and betrays a weakness of mind from which the votary tended. ; ' '1...-L- -. .. .. . WORTH NOTING. Do i nsta n tly whateve r is to be d on e ; la ke reflection hours for recreation after the of The music andsinging of the Conference, deserves especial notice, and Pro- - j ment is under march, the rear is often fessor Careless merits all the compliments he thrown Jnto confusion because the front does will ever get. Names may sometimes be sug- - I not move steadily and w ithout interruption. w ith business. It is the same If that gcstive of character andhablts, but when his is which is first inthing handis instantly, steadconsidered in connection with the choice selecdispatched, other things tion of pieces for that occasion, it sounds rather ily and regularly to accumulate 'behind till affairs nt inappropriate. all It is thought that if ties can be e; 1 d 1 re-ceiv- r i ini-jners- ed SUBLIMITY.-W iate ver ennobles the huihun character and indicates superior energy of intellectual or moral qualities, is what we call mental or moral sublimity! TheTiiblinie ofihumau character produces love of admiration by a display of all the noble qualities ot our nature; and there is considerable sublimity;in gifts of the imagination and the understanding, like those possessed by such men as Milton, by such philosophers as Newton, by suehheroes as yapoleon. But when there is 1 a constant exertion ofmeutaT vigor an In variable display of elevation of mind an habi tual hiroIsmTe viricell e veri amid the storms and agitations of the passions-wher- e j:dahger;a-coo- l lliersner6icd tsr'egardf of mind in difiiculties and firm presence disinterested virand embarrassments tues expanded benevolence a strong sense of every generous feelipg n principle of virtue superior to the opinions of weak and corrupt men and to the vile and inordinate propensities of our low and debased nature-t- hen we discover all the virtues and qualities that form the utmost subliic ity of human character. THj: CULTURE OF FLOWER3. Citrr ; : , . : i.sr .. a ' : -- . at once and no human brain can stand Pray mind this; it is one of your freak points; a habit of mind it is that is very apt to beset men of intellect a nd talent, especially when their time is not filled up regularly but is left to their own manage- m c ijtT Bu t it is 1 i ktr t he ivyrou n d t h eoa k ends by limiting if It does not destroy the power of manly and necessary exer- tion. Sir Walter Scott y , press ed, ' - begin procured by the confusion. the last of the present month, the Utah Southern railroad will have reached Provocity. Railroad enterprises are progressing finely in the i TerritoryfiLttllby. tppearo naTiyioJUierforc love for dress and idle display. many settlements may be accommodated with ut'tVaoriTthft person tastefuHy-ancon- a ride to the Fairand Conference, and home V veniently, wi thou t scrupu lously bowing to the again, 011 the cars. whims of others, portrays the exercise of At the last monthly meeting of the Sunday characteiLwJAicli ennobles and dignifies woman School superintendents and teaebers, mostTbf theomitiesirthe in the eyes of ailsehsihle beholders. a report from each j so far as had beerr and If the women ofJhe Latter-tl- a 5' Saints will was read by the Secretary of the Sablearn and practice wisdom, Lyitnd by thewsi-tio- n of a few prominent ones, whose present bath School Union. It was estimated that as thoiisand-child- re were in course seem s to lead a way the hearts of many many as nineteen after the vain things of earth, will be changed regular attendance at the various Sabbath V Schorls throughout the Territory, They will see the folly of their ways, and seek to amend them, or they will be without influIn tiiet Ladies' department at the Territorial ence in the midst of the people. Fair thenrwas a variety of articles, particularly many in crochet work, which were of so simiBATHING. lar a quality that it was impossible to judge which was the finest specimenrSome pfthe The "Journal of Health" says that the cause Relief Societies made a very creditable display, of weakness after bathing is bathing at the and they should all feel encouraged, and deterwrong time; too great fatigue at the time of mined to make greater exertions to perform bathing; too much bathing; too long continued good works in the future even than have been bathing. When one is made weak by, a bath, accomplished in the past. he should cease to take that bath. There is a great deal too much bathing carried on. The Dcmxa THE Fair and Conference season we use of water in this country has come to be with were gratified to meet with many friends of people whose attention has been called thereto the Expo:sext from different parts of the Teronly less dangerous than the use of medicine. ritory, with some of whom our first personal acquaintance was then formed. Among those God has not made the human body to be im water all the time. If jwrsons would who favored us with pleasant calls we noted live rightly, they would need.to bathe but very the names of Mrs. Mary Hind ley, President of little; and one of the best ways of bathing we the R. S. at American Fork; Mrs. S. A. Peterhave ever found with feeble patients, is to have son, President of fhe Ephraim R. S.;v "Flora," them drinfcof spring wer-aiwa.drunk, from the South; ."M.," of Grantsville; and Mrs. however, in very small.quantities at p. time-- but Frddshtam and Mrs." Herrieki" of Ogden drunk ve frequently, and so bathe their "skins from the inside. Thfs is one kind of Ax EQUESTRIAN' match between six ladies was witnessed by a large gathering of people at bathing that is not dangerous if rightly admin- the Agricultural Park track, in this city, on the istered. The best time for taking a bath is at that period of the day when the sun is in its afternoon of the 9th inst. The competition was riot for the purpose of testing the speed of t he progress to the highest point 'in the heavens. but to decide- which of the ladies rode Along the forenoon is the best time to bathe, horses, with most ease and grace, and exhibited most other things being equal. skill in the management of her horsed The first Borne, if not all of the above statements, may was won by Miss be readily proven to be correct. Directly before prize, a handsome side saddle, secS. or immediately after eating is oneof the wrong Birdie ClawsomV Mrs. Ford gained the colwas the choice among a times for bathing. An hour at least should in- ond prize, which tervene between the t i m es of eat i ng a meal and lection of beautiful pictures. v: taking a bath. The School Teachers Convention, that met -- .the "r n HOME FiIRS. ; , , 7 for three consecutive day?p beginning-o-matters of ' 2nd of October, did efficient work in ," ,. , the addresses made were charThe I'AuqUKTTK in the Salt'taike Theatre is Education. All earnest acterized by the spirit of progress, just now seated with iroir chairs. now, and always needed in this fast country PllESIDEXT BUIGIIAM Y0lll3g, With tOUle of and age. The extemporaneous address of Gov. his counselors, held a two days' meeting at Wood was not only eloquent, but full of pracliHh and insts. on lltli ProvoCity, Jhe tical suggestions concerning an educational law American Fork is reported by the Sunday for the good of the Territory, and betokened a School Superintendent to take the lead in Utah deep and abiding interest in the cause of schools county, in the Sabbath School library depart- everywhere. Tho address of Mr. Rollins was ment. ; marked by uncommon ability for one so young, Tip: Deeket Teachers' Association lately and was delivered in a manner which portray ed , held in this city-- series of meetings, at which proficiency I11 elocution. self-relianc- 1 1 r i much valuable information, and many excellent ideas, were given, of a nature calculated to prove of great worth to those teachers who at- disfig-ureme- nt gly -- very surprising that anything that will yield so much pleasure and enjoyment should be so universilly neglected by the wives and daughters of our farmers. Although, to be fair, I think the cultivators of flowers are on the increase from year to year. 3Lmy ladies would like to have a flower g;irdeu, well enough. Oh ! yes; they like flowers "but how shall we get the ground prepared?" they say. '."We cannot go out and hoe, and dig in the dirt." Oh, yes, my readers, you could, and bo tho gainers thereby. Let mo tell you, as one whojknows by experience whereof he speaks, that it does not ltake half the strength and vitality to go out and hoe and shovel a while i n the - garden, that it does to sit at the sewing machine all day, to say nothing of the benefit to bo open air, and the derived,from being very great pleasure, tho beautiful flowers will afford, to a lover of flowers. Oh! I wish that everybody's wives and daughters could be induced to try" the cultivation of a few flowers. If they could, they would soon see husbands and brothers interested, to such a degree at least as tojKjrform the hardest part of the labor, and their own happiness and pleasure increased thereby. "Maine Fann It is ; in-th- er. e - 