EXPONENT. .WOMAN'S TO ERR IS HUMAN. f 'SPLINTERS. Truth reveals that mortals arc all,, erring, srwiinirjiho' School fl and one time or another every one is gu il ty ladies. ......$20,000 is aicl" to" Jiave been of that which memory would rather blot "fironhie" balloon enterprise. o,7 from the record. . The Grand Vizier, of the Shah, has been to aver in lotty for well people It sounds sent to prison." ......Barnum stops at Sarawhich of that they never did anything owgoetrnnd. style toga while hiS great to be ashamed. There is not, and probably in house Philadelphia Penn's ......William that to a greatsaloon. ......Pres- never was, a person so perfect x' I- I X,- - has been made into a beer er or less degree he or she has never done ident Grant's Secretary, Gen. Babcock, and wrong, wilfully or ignorantly. In either case ......Vienna to Europe. wife, have gone a blush of shame is but a slight token that lull. all oichestras, has sixty .splendid has realized higher and better McClellan's summer residence is the spirit ......Gen. things, and has risen above the possibility at Haywood, N; J. ... ... .Chestnut timber, of committing the same error agam- ftn. Imnrlrod vvears old. in v csimiuisicr ...... vvithinanrce Abbey, is still sound. ' -- weeksrityurw ;one street in Atlanta, Georgia. .. ...The British navy has lately had three new war L. GREENE EICIIAEDS, EDITOR. vessels added, and there are twenty-fiv- e others ieing built. ......The frequency of semimonthly, in Salt Lake City,IItah.i --nTerms: criminals committing suicide inheir cells, Oneuffishod copies e canton year '; one capyrlxnonthl. rates: fcach Biuare, eigiu is attract ing-- a ttentioii in- - Switzerland. fur tho price of nine. Advertising . space, one time, $2; per month, $ ohe Tlay, duties amounting to $15,000 linos of nonpareil La?t street, General icmplo Agent3, Campbell & Patterson, were collected on Canadian wool at St. Al- Salt Lake City. . V. ,uu u. Mieh- - MUa Cornelia tt. li ornc. juusme5 x in women Vt. ......Eighty-si2 to bans, p. .m.,. oa alondays ani from 9 to U a. m., and from this JijridaTa. igan, have entered the .University communications to all business Addross term. ......Quincy, 111., lias set its organ Publishers Woman's Exponent,' " Salt Lake City, L tan. Grinder to sweeninc: streets. ......Great destruction has been made among -- the grape disB ALT LAKE CITY, Oct. 13, 1S73. crops of Portugal this season by vine ; Wii.im.tfiiM KEEESSEBl ease. ..... . A celebrated brigand in Southern capNOTICE. Italy, known as 3fanzi, lias lately been.Madband tured and his extirpated. am Kilsson and her husband, Sig. Salvmi, The Exvonent Committee of Consultation wereJatejiy visiting in New York. ......The is requested to meet at the residence of Presiipope has recovered from his recent indispoon Tuesday, the 21st sition, i.. ....Joaquin Miller has been passing dent George A. Smith, attendance is a season with Minister Glastonejniles ihst, at2 o'clock, p. m. A full f A widower in Michigan, who has forty-eig- respectfully solicited. . II. Eliza Snow, Pres. ch ildren, recently married his fourth Minnie Horxe, See. wife. . . .... A New York writer gives an artio believed is cle on "Intelligent Mules," and it PROGRESSIVE. if hd can prove there are such, that women A will be no longer denied the ballot. new cave has been discovered near 'Tlie short time ago .we clipped and puldished a whieli Falls,, Winds,-aof the Niagara .Cave qv a woman,8 congreSs, which appeared in wonders one of to be the pTAmer. j the Woman's Journal." In a late number of .promises . rTn 81 " . ' ft; . And how ingness and ability to comprehend. ever immaterial some of. the principles of the to many who havo Gospel of Christ may appear , to and covenanted taken upon them cannot advance keep His commandments, they as the true hearted everdesire to do, until they have learned to put into daily practice every His-name- ,v-- .. the spirit of revelation irom uou. ihc ers become weary of haranguing uie om ic&suua to see all the year after year, aid. would rejoice world uniting to make, good use of what has loiisr been .'taught, and preparing lor more ad -vanced additions to God's law. i,.f rinrs if'TiroHt IhcJLonL to hand out new laws to people who are unprepared for them? When iereveaieuiue iuw ui iwu. nf Hi II- - ht ; . I - 'I ... were prepared to accept it? now many, io-ua- j, are reallv impiessed with the importance of of paying an honest sustaining Tithing or of observing faithfully the Wonl of Latter-da- y dui u i yisdoni? Who among tlie are prepared for new lessons, new laws aim uj them? dinaees, 'should the Lord see fit4o extend to attend Surely not those w ho have ceased old doc- Sabbath meetings because the same trines are preached from tlie stano, aim imj want to hear something new. Co-operati- on, -- HOLT) STILL. ' L In a private communication from Beaver, mention is made of the cowardly acts of soffie men in seekiug to wrest from the rightful owners portions of land in that locality. Our coratrespondent saysr "It can only be styled from tempted mobocracy when individuals other imrts of the country come here, no doubt or scapegraces, escaped from justice for, theft something worse, and claim the land which our people have subdued and tilled for years. - Some of which is almost the entire dependence of poor men, and widows and orphans." If proExfanity wasn't against the principles of the ponent, we might think of something horribly bad in contemplating this representation. - , TRUE INDEPENDENCE. time set for the meeting of those womeirwnose names had been forwarded in answer to the call At the late fall conference, one of tho elders,, 17th of the and 16th whieh is the 14th, 15th,: substance, while- instructing the people, M rs. Ahturns up her nose -- a t something- present month" The list of names appended is members or that the fact that his "own family, "Mrs B. does or has done, and 3Irs. B. lives a long one, and it may be anticipatca tnat gooa of the families of other prominent men in the to see the" day when she turns up her' nose results will follow this meeting of earnest re- - church, were extravagant, was no excuse for Mrs. in same conduct A., lorgetting at the formers. other people's being the same. The truth of this '.the record of her own history. . ; statement is obvious. SOMETHING NEW WANTED. Thus is the air continually more or lcs3 Because wives and daughters of the; sernoses, filled with inconsistent turned-u- p when really, there is no occasion. for one to The eye wearies of gazing for a length of time vants of God may, and do, practically, refuse to divfne thinlc himself or herself better than another however beautiful they receive the teachings of those having same the objects ujon most pleasing authority to teach, is no reason, why others the and view: at first mav appear 'et it is should follow their foolish examples. in menv and sounds become tedious when long listened to. evince so litso Thus the human mind is forever reaching forth astonishing that many persons to these things. .Women arc at a decided disadvantage in for some new motive, some stimulus to urge tle individuality in regard ''dofeuch and such ones one regard io shortcomings. But naturally no the senses to new action and new acquirements. "Why," says andlady, wise a fa ther, dress as they better than men, they are expected to be Old facts that have long been known, become having so good occasion-iillin it? At any rateit is no angels. If by any chance there is monotonous if often repeated, and a kind of do, if there is evil h iSiri tisTfor tlienij and so foundxkW'oman Avhosewinphave been after something lubrc is likely to be WrsTfoTSf toll CO"t thirsting to dress fashionably, soiled by the sordid or other evil influences child could never progress in learning long as they arc permitted The felt. .so rife in this world of men, she is instantly at its a. b. c, lessons and . never I intend to make as good an appearance as they if ' always kept and forever branded.! can." .What Ta want of independent feeling is to turn over the leaf. allowed in men become Faults which arc excused Latter-da- y wantnew ideas placed here manifested! Our Saviour might as consisSaints The for crimes when committed by women, because before them continually. This is an age of rapid tently haVe rebelled against His Father finds of court which the supreme, society Saints want to keep up Satan did so. them guilty and deserving of banisluncht progression, and the world.' But how few among Now, that which is required of the daughters with the rest of the for life. of Zion in regard to tlieir dress, is, simply, that To crave the license :W,hich society gives them seem totalize the necessity of learning and judgment. It is cultivate goo-to' 'men Will not mend matters at all, but if properly, thoroughly 'understanding and wisely thvy I for one person to purpracticing tlie former lessons which have been I io height of absurdity women would look with a little more of lecause some one uion all grades of her own sex, the for years placed before them for. their own ben- chase an article .clothing so efit. A wise teacher does notoften give lesions else has something the same, or that cost as yoke of injustice would not wound quite "' ' i U e v incu wii - inueh. KcJhied tasle will enable any lady- .' ' deep or frequently ns now. jar in advance of what TURNED UP NOSES. " - . woien. "Tilings . y, - . ; - - I com-plaisan- cy 1 1 i-- Eseasna: -- I "I inlnTeIVcBidLmtJoscplrSniitli t f ' -- 1 I JjcibxeVcaJedJiHym principie-whichJi- as ta-i- e' . 