: V- ' l i ' ' ' ' ' WO M AN f S EX PONE NT. 2 - i - : i-- -' ,, ' AN ACROSTIC. lhr invite, "When women unite and each "Oh come and subscribe for our paper," May a blessing attend upon all who defend, And help us lo prat e cur Creator; we ffreatthjngajcan do, Now, we are (but a come and heart band, Sijteri join -Every one take1 de'i?ht and contribute her might, the 'Xpokxnt to send through the land Pecpte all the world round think t.s trodden down, Oppress'd and degraded, but know, No existence as yet out of our Deseret E'er the blessings of poce Could bestow; Nothing here can cempare with our husband?, to sbaro The great gifts eternal, began here below. Mas. E. L. Hydjp, : V 13th WAHi), gaU Lake City-- Zj v few-ye- t " MY CHOICE. BY JENNIE HARRISON. Yef; I know there are stains on my carpet-Th- e traces of small muddy boot?; And I see your fair ta pes try glo w in g All spotless with blofsoms and fruits ' it i ! ; . - t - . , ( , - ' ? is littcrf-- ' W ith many odd treasures and t"yFp And I know that my parlor '. , d While your own is in dir ti st rder, " Unharmed by the presence of bo,j s 1 - - tiz: - And I know that my ioom ii invaded Quite boldly all huars of the day; "While you sit in your own unmo!telo And dream the soft quiet away ! ? I know I have j&cke's that wenr out, And buttons that nevir will stay; While you can embroider at leasure, Ar,d learn protly arts of "crochet." Yet - And'I know there are les?oni In polling, must be I patittt to hear; While you may sit down to your novel, Or turn the last mag&zino near. " H , 1 ef, I know thcro aie Where While fi ur liltta bedsteads must stand watchful each night; I you may go out in your carriage, And Hash ia your dresses fo bright! I think I'm a neat little wennn I like my house orderly, too; And I'm fond of all dainty belongings-- Yet Now, I would nt-- t cfeange peaces with you "rf - '- :hi At tho 58tli mcetinsr of tbo Sonior ami . .V a mn s . ! j . - Ve-th- Pir nip i eaiueu , ix-is--- " 1 -r- ; ank- auuress-on-tiier-tii))ve-Tiienuontnj--su- bjects 'rli - - -4- A-iuuuitu j)A r " "E X TON KNT ' t,v.. . rder: rSiugiiig: Secretary MrM-Fils- h Minutes of last meeting read and accepted. President-Mrs- . J. S. Richards remarked . . '. " T7 No sueh.thmo-- - riot a bit after the thousand duties of the , Young had given a great deal of good in- morning are over, leave tlie maternal head ,' struction to the sisters during Conference; of the family little time for 'pen and ink he wished them to save all sketches:' rasrs. thus assisting to commence measures can find to busyu JierseIL about m jnuchJii for making their ownpnper and bwks. "She this clime; where the 'shade liked the Exponent very much and hoped of pleasant, sunnytree' is supposed to yield the sisters would all try to take itl Sister a the vine and fig tranquiland safe repose; but my dear Belknapp, President of the Relief Society, woman, though tho fact is here, the idea is at Ifoopersville, and sister Iligbee from a myth. The vine and fig tree already Salt Lake City, made appropriate remarks. furnish a delicious and fragrant shade, to Elder F. D. Richards felt truly thankful woo us on to its enjoyment but ah that to see so many of the sisters together; treacherous word how often it steps in to the society would continue to "increase until iriar our brightest hopes and expectations of every good sister was u iiited with i t. Be ? wo step sides blessing the poor, "one" great qbjeet happiness and delight! Just as of the society ivas that tho daughters of forward to enter upon the sweet enjoy inent, we remember that the verdant vine and fig: Zion might learn their duties as mothers ones, must be fed, and towards each other; treasuring up every tree, as well as the little omitted to give them and that we have thing that was erood. and overcominsr all their moisture in season yes, and all the hat was evil. Life's labors were life's other pets in the parlor garden await their pleasures. Brother Phineas Richards gave nursing ere their fragnuit bloom excellent instructions in regard to bringing period of So with a hearty pleasure wo turn droops. up children and how they should be dressed. aside from the coveted ease, and live with Advised the sisters to search the Sciptures our for an hour: 'studying' and sun- flowers and learn to understand truth from error for their wants, bringing a pleasure and themselves. Sitor Wordsworth novt. nrl- - ? flrnS!A1 fllO m Cidi ! l (r II ll iiMo "nWnwrafl fnr giving ii rust iiuu juukum ine nour seem nut t w r mw uiuu- we become so , c Ivi.. ,1 iu. j. .il o ,1 i -- . ;No! keep youf fair home, with its order, Its freedom from trouble and noise;-,- ., And keep your own fanciful leisure; giye me my four splendid boys ! RicarPiELD, May 11th, 1873. it a privilege and a duty to write a few lines for your interesting paper. I ,have an earnest dere tcr assist in rolling forth the work in which we are engaged in these the last days. Ve have a Relief Society organized here ikRiehfield, which i3 doing much good in helping the "poor, both at home and abraad. In our last monthly, meeting, May 1st, we agreed to omit the word "Female" from tfte namo of our Society. The sister?, in feel well in their religion; and are general, well paid for taking your paper;, much ''.information.'; is - i v y HJtll. 1:,Z V A. iu ucrciKiiiv-uuei- T rn, 1 e, , , home-heart- h, 1 , L- t1-.w- Aa w s ; ; May wc ever increase in the Truth. JJespcctfully yours in the Gospel, v - i-j- f . Dear Editor Woman's Exponent: I deem O T., theremaininir ears uiu, uiiu oun the 1 ow?r st!oU she thanked God that she had embraced the where the rose, the lily ana tne peonia Sister Elizabeth Browning and in Gospel. wondrous beauty and gorgeous array sister Iladiock made remarks. President hold queenly court amid the thousand lesser Mrs. J. S. Richards felt blessed in listening o the testimonies of father Phineas Rieh- - uuucis,, which, m uuesanu iorms innumer ,1,,. n enana. are l uur and Jiiother PetryreightrI ln widely ards, eighty-fivn where three years old: it was edifying and alks, ui..ierracoa the musical waterfalls like diamond sparkle gratifying to listen to such aged people. in the , sunlight. Remarks were made by sister Sarah Nelson We often and Secretary A. M. Frodsham. Sister J. more adorn wonder that our sisters do not their houses and their gardens S. Richards then appointed a meeting for with flowers to gladden the hearts of the the young ladies on the following Thursday household, at '4 o'clock p. m. After Avhich, refresh yielding a power that enchains each and with an unseen ments Were partaken of; and of about 1 40 per- tojthe muiience. love and refinement. SOn5 W'lin WPfP nrosnnt lihin - nnnoaa-nAo- n wringing ' r i i. w cua not appear to enjoy the good spirit and noiuo circle. . V f w'l,vcu bloom the let of flowers surround ieei .satisfied with the way in which the Jsisters, and will you, less of repose under think you afternoon was spent. the vino and fig tree, liver thine , .1 Meeting adjourned a nd wan dira i ssed " Flora. with sincrincr. and nravor bv sistprlilmonTi - to According appointment a meetincr of English papers say that the Latter-da-y tlrti -VOUllffw ladies Of 0r(lnn vi hohlv r.n fVin Saints -- in vyix til lancliester Con fcrence refused Sth of May, at which much valuable couasel to believe that President Brigham Young and induction was given by President Mrs. had resigned, and held that the statement J. S. Richards and others. Eighty young to that effect was a newspaper. blander. ladies were present, arid nll.'hv a lino n - And the Manchester Saints were correct. ouu-huu- R. S. REPORTS. Oc; i lvie, President. . Prom rrovidence, Cache County, April 20th, 1873: The Relief Society- - of this place? held its annual meeting in the school- - ft aUou,u and strengthen, hy un; means .ana iuruier wifuu pu lj j I lujuvn i of tne pr"ser v uI lv vu of the thriving institution. A V few . .' .:.t nnnn 'All llfalnp I ft.'- V VnilMlf l1'HI -brethren followed with congratuiaiory uuu i remarks, encouraging eniovino" a ivimDaii gave, an intelligent anu ingiuy one to a close, every meeting euiiying fuTuessof the Spirit of God. and Mrs. AVafmough related some much is fully receive the Exponent which facts proven by experience, etc. The same appreciated. subjects were to bo continued at the next IfRS. Margaret Math kws, Prest. meeting. Tlie Relief Society of Ogden mot in the LETTER FROM ST: G KORGE. in newcity haHrlray 1st,,, lB73f to engage suP1K)rt . Vhich , - oi mis city, neia iiay znn, . mVnHlitvlsoexpressed united desires to tions , Wnfl A GSMilrtKiv tne.r. nieetiugrto my "bkek walnut" is battered, V And dented by many small heek; V hilo H w own stair perfecx t, your polished jv Its smooth shining turfaco reveabf ' ' i ' .m - : lavor oi iiio X Ye, I know - mniis vote.- oxnressed themselves pleased Another vas appointed with tho meeting:. for the following Wednesday at 'half past "4 p. in. A. M. Frodsiiam, Secretary. t a room, on Monday, 28th iut. OwiugTto snow storm prevailing that day the meeting was slimly attended. The Secretary read the income and expenditure for tlie past year: which showed a balance of $103:23 in mootmo1 onrl 1 An d I know lb at mv wal's are d isfigu rrd . yv ith pn nts of sm all Jin g crs and hand And I see that your own household whiteness All fresh in its purity stands. , K A .7. . n - - i- 