vis Slrevt, ay ho tAnderoiu was and ttu Luy a tew doy vf tho jrlr! 3tlu!ii !. who fell into his snares FUiWiwl bv trt notice, ;md ikvtwst trins 'pUusiMe tonsruo ami "jntlonunly;'' man-iirs- " the iriri I: left her homo in Salt Lake City ami came, to Ogvlen,. whero. her sorrow-ii- ii mother discovered her with her seducer, srrv:UuT , a gplandid- Lina of LAJLHKV - (iOODi.M'hUb vrill arrive about the First of April, ' selected by Mr Cutter in JNVit? Vurt expr'anty for Ordr eouatry solicited , IiK'ral discount to Sunday school Libraries. General Axe-aiftr Wc-mo'Exponent. fcsxa t hv TIMTLi: CVTldOU, KAHT rpAYLOU bis s ;T7'T7v,'77L?f"': trade,.:.':-7r- npuKNLsii voun hojukm. s PLCIAL TO THE LADIi would "advise tho Ladies who want to buy fin Sets of furniture to call and We would respectfully eali your. atteatiojita the Parlor and examine the immense stock kept by fact, that we have one of the Largest and best Stocks Bed-roo- m after a lonWsearvh, aided by the police. II Anderson promised to marry J he girl, but of Ladies', Missed and Children's TVR3 in Sets, aa At Ko. 31, East DlKWOODEY, Temple Street," and Vo. 75, First' subsequently tried to decamp without nil South Street lie Witr arrested aiut alsoCapea and Collars (separate), that will be found filling WALLACIU taken back to Salt Lake, where, to avoid the punishment of the law, he inarrietl the in this City. Also a large assortment of Fine Shoes Has the best, largest and purest stock, of confec victim of his wiles. ."77'' tionary in Salt Lake city, Just the place for ladies How many times have our young ladies of Philadelphia and California make. to purchase. been 1 cautioned about associating with The above goods we will sell at the lowest possible his-eontra- et. I. - J . . i , "1 of strangersnd polite but designing scoundrelstl vnat price. DUNFORD KSGESi . respectable girl would think it any consola contion to be wedded to a man who only Salt Lake City. of law force . sented to marriage through the C. M. and the fear of punishment? And when -will the odium of the disgrace attending such a scandal be chased away from the Retail Dry Goods Department. m guilty parties Our girls are brought up in innocence of To meet the demand of an increasing bnsiness we tlie vices and corrupt ions of the grjervorld and enjoy great freedom in companionilrfp with their juvenile friends, male and female. have added an essential addition to our "They think5 no evil of those in whose comIt O O M , pany they may be cast, and unless willing to to are heed the advice of their friends, apt be led astray. The only path of safety ibr wherein tho most economical buyer can be suited. them is to avoid the intimate society of all persons about whom they know little ,. or It is our highest ambition to suit our various visitants 7 nothing, and associate only with those in and purchasers, and to display our varied fabrics 7 - whom their parents, guardians, or trusted v friends, have confidence. By taking this course many will save themlselves from regardless 6t purchase. shame, and, perhaps, from present and This department aims to suit the demands of all J everlasting Junction." --WOMAN'S-ISXPQNENIY v ; -- , r,-- -- . A UTAH LADIES' JOURNAL. Th e women of Utah occupy a position w hie attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women everywhere. They aro engaged in ilie practical solution of some of th'o greatest social and pioral , to-d- ay festedlhfoughout the-Usaid, the entire civilized world, to learn frbm reliable sourcesTthe vietvs hohestly entertained1 bytbeni'oie- m "l these questions. ';. v , They have been grossly mist epreseuted through the press, by active enemies who permit no opportunity to pass of maligning and slandering them ; and with but limited opportunity of appealing- - to tho in telligence and candor of their fellow countrymen and V ; countrywomen in reply. are so well able to speak for the women of Who Utah as the women of Utah themselves ? ' " It is bet ter to represent ourselves than to bo misrepresented r by others 1" ' For these reasons, and that women may help each other by the diffusion of knowledge and information possessed by many and suitable to all, the publica tion of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, whether in controlled by and edited by Utah' ladies ; has been : commenced. .. The unn of this journal will bo to discuss every DOMESTIC OK FANCY DRKSS GOODS, subject interesting and valuable to women.. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news , either by the yard or piece. .i local; and general household hints, educational mat H. B. CLAWSON, Sup't. ters, articles on health and dress, correspondence," editorials on leading topics of interest suitaVta to its columns and miscellaneous reading., NEW CLUB BATES. .... It will aim to defend the right, inculcate sound Determined that nothing- shall be wanting on the pricciples, and disseminate useful knowledge. Utah, in its Female Belief Societies, has tho best part of the Publishers, to. increase the circulation of con-; organized benevolent institution of the aget :YetrbutJ the rpoEirf asd aid in promotinsc the objects an it its in little i3 known of the Jabors of, these truly publication, by making templated women of the of sus of ' viewg Societies. Utah,y, the Woman's In exponent Exponent a department its and columns read tained by them, will be devoted to reports of their meetings .and other I by them, enriched with a widely circulated expression of their matters of interest connected with their workings ; thoughts, we offer thefollowing terms to clubs,' so as and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the j to prepare for increasing the value and importance of various Societies throughout the Territory are re-- ) the papeir with the beginning of the next volume quested to furnish communications which will receive " ' which larger subscription list will enable us to do due attention. 7 ". 1 Miss Eliza K Snow, President of the entire Female 10 copies, l year, with a copy to the getter v $13 00 Belief Societies, cordially approve.? of , the, journal, Up Of the Club 15 copiep, 1 year, with a copy to the getter-uand will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from - ..." - . r - i ' .26 00 her numerous duties. of the club V " l to 1 the 20 copies : getter year, with copy semi"Woman's will be Exponent published up of the club and a framed steel engravi, each number President of 12x16 monthly, containing eight pages quarto, inches, Brigham ' ing, ' l". . 1 CO 1 i i 34 n w w low ?2 rates 00 i folio Th ace thin the e pi g Young, selling price, SO copies, 1 y ear, with a copy to the getter reach of all, and the hope is that it may be made so ' of the club, and a superior first proof. jf lup President steel engraving, of Brigham ''-.J-, I Utah, Young, handsomely framedt selling ::v r-'fin AdranceV TEIOIS,StricUy 48 00 price $4 1 Copy one year, six months. 11.00 Copy Clubs can be commenced at any time; and addi- 10 Copies one year, 13.00 ' 10 Cktpiea six months, 9.00 ? tions can be made after the first list; of 'names has f No subscription Teceived for less than'six rnonths. been sent, . . . ' It is earnestly desired that tho Bishops, Presidents L Money can be remitted by registered letter at the of Female Relief Societies and others interested in a risk of the publishers. work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting We hope ladies throughout the Territory, especial;" ten clubs , copies for the price of nine. . ly the Presidents and Secretaries of Belief Societies up will endeavor to geup clubs, and that they will con- - Address all communications and subscriptions, stitute themselves agents for the extension of the Publishers Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City, ' circulation ef the Exroarx-TUUh. i RETAIL ruin.-Ogde- n The Law of True Marriage. - Wher- ever," says Gail Hamilton, "man pays reverence to woman where ver any imm feels the influence of woman, purifying, chastening, abashing, strengthening him against temptation, shielding him from evil, ministering to his self respect,imedicining his weariness, peopling his solitude, winning him from sordid-prize- s, enlivening his monotonous days with mirth, or fancy, or wit, flashing Heaven upon his earth, and mellowing it all for spiritualthere is the element "for r marriage. Wlierey ' pays reverence to - manwherever any woman rejoices in the strength of any man, feels him to be God's agent upholding her weakness, confirming her purpose and crowning her power wherever he reveals himself to her, just, upright, inflexible, yet tolerant, merciful, benignant, not unruffled perhaps, but not overcome by the turbulence and responding to all her gentleness, helping her to hold her sour, steadfast in right; to stand firm against the "Encroachment 'of frivolity, vanity, impatience, fatigue and discouragement j helping to preserve her good nature, to develop her energy, to con sqlidate her thoughts, to utilize her benevo-lencejpexaltandillumin- ate there is the essence of marriage. Its lovo is founded on respect, and increases self-respect at the very moment' of merging self in another. Its love is mutual, equally giv-in- g and receiving at every instance of action. There is neither dependence, but interdependence. You cannot weaken its bond; distance,' cannot sunder them; it is a love which vanquishes the grave and transfigures death itself into life. , - -- , 4 : '' ; . . ,j ; . - ; . ; self-sacrifici- ng ' ; ' . ; ---' p ; "i - 1 t-- wi - ? , . 1 valuabletbat-it-will-be-foundinveryfamil- y-ift .! r V : , - .1 , . 1 : - ' r -- T. - -- -- a - - . - j 