EXPONENT. WOMAN'S t 161 SPLINTERS. '. t-- nuininn .i in:i iiiiiiu wii li . v . T " f' li p . son t it. . Witatnro ivAninnh, rmf its lady clerks anil commends- women for The Tmra such employment to future General Assemblies...... Mrs. Woodhull's lecture on "Naked Truth" is said to contain very indecent and -- blasphemous language vf.)Maria ArElmore is writing a series of articles on "Woman's Dress,'f a subject which demands more serious and sensible attention than it re- ceives. . . . . .Six lady physicians graduated in one day lately at the "Woman's Hospital Medical College.".... ..A woman admirably YiindSnra iu. n tWTir'aaaa in uiic- vxC mo; ioiuav uujiig printing-house- s of St. Louis...... George W. Curtis lias been dangerously ill with typhoid ; 41-- r 1r.,n.--,4- - ob lever, at ius Jiome Tho prince of Iiichtenstein has placed his castle at Vaduz .at the service of tho nuns expelled from Germany...VnEnglish .... r t . 19 '!.'Chiei J ustice ueciucs mat uio wnicr ui - w A - -- . A ri . rv i I i . but those who oppose right, employ every or means, no matter how false, dishonorable some vHe to it.secure a triuniphf This man had M r H It honesty leirv He was ngnung. 10 aaumimsu licentious' himself, he -- ". l . - , ' ' medical spring.,. ...The grounds and sewer ages aro being prepared in Philadelphia, on the site of the proposed buildings for the Centennial celebration ..... .In Taylorville, Polk County, Iowa, poor men recenUy be came rich in one day; oil was discovered and the price of property instantly trebled. rrrrSomebody stole a Maltese cat from the Superintendent of the New York Police Department, lately; he offered a reward of fifty dollars for its recovery, and the place i !1L t n il xa iiTeiy wiui cais since wawiijme, inougn he has not discovered any trace of the real stolen one...... A couple were married on the . 1 1 S 1 J L to f and4eiideayorcd .. ....Irtiicr ii . . a public jeeiing against and had honesty enough ; ine suoieev neeus no elaboration; it is very plaiii; and contains a ; truth and a moral that should be not belong, to arouse the Latter-da- y Saints; to admit as mucn. , self-evide-nt - tO Uli.. t r - i . UUL ' - l - WOMAN : SUFFRAGE IN TJUAII. -,u- j ,;.,-.;V- ; Under this heading the Woman's Journal congratulates the 'friends of Woman's Suffrage better known as the that the "Utah-Bill,i'Frelinghuysen Bill" did not pass the llouse. ' " iii vliiuii Woman's' Suffrage,1 nVAiiii LA.. i l v wm tjj-,- - ii ii i im i ir: ii"w. it failed- - to become law. ii i . a- ione(L.yertaxati and other duties..... .Mrs. S.. B. Chandler Mr. Beecher's salary is $20,000 Adnii jrhtfir j The uvnsanmesa: "This abominable has latelyoncluded a series ol lectures in of George Sands is going to marry an ex- - bll, framed Senator Frelmghuy sen. or jNew by Washington ,on "Education and'the duty of Oitholic Driest whoso : hom irv Tnnr jpuicuir. .....auu vfueeu ui JDcigiuju is saiu ranee., ..Seven thousand women belong: V""" "f the to own the finest horses in the vvorld;. to the Belgian Internationals.. Mrs. Knowles, Committee, was entitled 'A bill uuiujuu nuubUKeyper n iew aorK, Mrs. widow; of the heroin nnnfa in nf fho "NTnrfh exeCUllon 01 Hie iu wsiu vuu xviinwy m Lian, Mwrence, about six etliighandaveighinc: fleet, is to receive, bv nrdor nf Onn and for other purposes.' But it was especially 250 iounds, captured a the Victoria, a pension from tho civil list of X50 designed to remand the Women of Utah into other night, without any assistance, taking a A woman 71 years old, in Mary's- - political slavery, and even went so far as to from him an offensive looking knife and a year...... vilie, California, pursued and shot a thirty guard''again8fci 'theXr future, cincipatioh": by chisel of considerablo magnitude.... ..Ten- pound wild cat, recently, for having de- - Constitutional prohibitions." nessee emplovs -- U its female nrisnnprs-i- n r. I II In I.IIK .11)111 llll IIUUU'H I. " ill" I. III milllUMI. 1)1 lusn WI llCl.lk ..uiguUtCU breaking rock for street pavement .Pro of the Territorial Legislature, conferring the fessor Fowler is reported to have said, "If you would marry a good wife, get a romp." !THE ROMAN'S 'EXPONENT. -It is reasonable to presume he meant a care-fu- l, further shows, after referring to the fact that studious, virtuous ."romp," who can LOUISE Im GREENE, Editor. 20,000 women were thus to be disfranchised, enjoy work as well as play Again report that the men of Utah were to be prevented from" says, that the winsome littlA nptrn rt?Ql)Iished6enn-monthlin Salt Lake City, Utah. Termarr again conferring the right of suffrage upon has demrted thostao-of Hie, tfilS time it One copy on. year, S2; one copy, six monifavtt. - Ten IS 111 1' ranee j but may possibly be another f?r the Price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, copies women; and in this connection the provision r lines of nonpareil snaee. onu tirrifi. P): ipr mrmtVi. .t eight mistake of the telegraph . . . . . .A1 man in Dli 9a?p,beIi, Patterson, General Agents, East 'Xemple street, of the" bill might have been cited which re c tlb Vliy. nois has lately found; out, to his great wail quired alF future laws rBaTfe" y tne Territorial Address au bosiness communications to actonishment, that thire is a newspaper Publishers Woman's Exposext, Legislature to be enacted in conformity with Salt Lake Utah: City, the spirit and letter f this bill, thus attemptpublished "awayoutrin:that-wil- d country, Vienna has a g Oregon.". ing to prohibit the, leading Territory of the SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1873. school for girls. Other 'schools should introUnited States from exercising the legitimate duce this art, for, girls and boys too which the veryfundehiental principles ONE PROMINjtIREASON T f powers Californiagiyes equal pay to male and femaleof our government vest in every legislature in to the abilities maniaccording teachers, muniSaid a person a few days ago, who has matle the United StatesState, Territorial or Since the death oested; that is fair play uf her father, Miss Ella Chapin fiUs the himself somewhaC conspicuious in pressing a cipal by which laws sliall be made as liberal as the public good demands; and in coiifonnity position he formerly held as Register of crusade against the Mormons, when closely with the Federal Constitution. The concluding Deeds for Gratiot Countv. Mihirn ; Questioned on flir Kuhiprf7 "TliP fnt. I t nkv article give in full:: practical artizans, two Scientific men nnd n. nothincr about how manv wives a man has portion of the Jarganumber of honorary commissoherthavi iThiake no pretentions' 'to. beimr a rnoral man Not content with thus crushing the political of the women pf Utah, been appointed by president Grant, to attend myselfcand I carelvery little whether other rightsof the Federal Government, Senator :.tl6 icnna Expoiition;Printers iuSwit- - men are moral or immoral; but I'm bound to rob every actually proposes z.cjiauu uiiuK xnev navo a rit" KifnnfiTi to break up th the ocracy and religion that's in married woman in the Territories of her person," when it affords them $3:60 nor wnplr P0 this thing," This wa not his exact language. S nt?ff , II MM I'l IIII IMIIII III r.IIIF IM III U( Mrs. Snyder, a Syracuse stole although we have placed it m quotation in force in the colonies of America, at the date $1,500 worth of dry goods in an hour. The marks for wc would not transfer to these of the Declaration of Independence, is hereby Leavenworth "Commercial" "thinks she columns .over and declared to be in force in extended of the vile and blasphemous in any should go to Congress .Paris has a band vectives with of the United States, so far as Territories which his speech was interlarded: the of robbers composed parti v of fomnles the same is applicable; Provided, that nothing nnr Wmilll mil" infnm.nn. ' ..! .!. herein shall be construed to prevent the Terri- urooKiyn gives un1uesfioned. repeat torial Legislatures of the respective Territories perjury in a .Uvorco Su t and f,0n" in y 41, J from modifying the same." !.!, three months in the State's prison . .... .San Remember, ladies, that "The common law of Ignacia, Mexico, has witnessed a remarkable are here produced. The person is thus, himself. England," thus extended over your sisters in phenomenon in a shower of quicksilver...... confessedly an immoral man, yet he declaims Utah, expressly gave "The custody of the wife's The German Geographical Societies are against the Latter-da-y Saints and their faith. person absolutely to her husband," gave the going to send explorers to supplement the discov- not because he cares whether their practices husband a right to - use "gen tie-r-es tra i nf her, and to administer "moderate correries of Dr. Livingstone. .....A man in Ohio are moral or otherwise, but because he aims at her;- deprived her' of the ection,''-to was lately literally ground up : and breaking "up" power to suepunish by being overthrowing or be sued, or to make a will. caught in the cogwheel of a flour mill...... their Church; and he finds "polygamy" a word 3Iade her the "servant" of her husband: gave The past winter, irticularly the latter that can be used to rouse the her personal property and all her earn prejudices of the him all of all her real estate, if and the e portion of it, is very generally admitted to bigoted and the ignorant. There is ing?, nothing a had ever had have been an old fashioned onf ....TtiMra-- new in this. It is the old ther living child, and subjected old as the her to despotic control. story-- as Pomeroy's divorced wife is married again.... contest between truth and error: as a To this jaiernal law, almost as uau as chattel The President's salary havincr been doubled. .... m rov0ia.irt,,.f has to man. slavery it?Jf Senator rrelinghuysen ' i" v; it is intfmotnri principles to u Senate a induced i;. i. Republican jui nun w Jioie in 1 nosp ivhn imi.r in suject w ... uuiuuareuoi resort, to actually mvnfT fho noHnnni .14-' U'lf...f .rrrrn 7 ii . At.....i the women ofUiah- - Tims, has tho Republi .. a 11. i' lunii ii .ii.f Ior irihJ Hand Japiditvv than at nnv fnrmr-r-can Senate showu itself mindful of its obliga W1 i wvo..... , me spirit 01 tnitli would not abide with : " r them: tions to the loyal women of, America! This is i- t ; ;y. - -- "7 . house-break- er - i.u axt,i 'T i 1x1 1 I I I , r 1 i. 1 t..i 1.1 1 1 . ; th a y, - Li O ' c-- type-settin- , , - l w i with-th&-strong-a- rm Fre-linghuvs- I shop-lifte- r, - r- 1 I I I. I I V en I : "T' I I tor-ke- -- -t- heir-religion life-us- ut 1 . - w r - - - -- i rv . I i v. v - . . ep v 