V PKtXiUKS 6 M AN'S KX P O N K N T. Ihour of adversity from a source whose C AT J) K K k Oit r.WOMAX'M RIGUTa qualities: are an, unfailing wealth. such visitors! lor ye are Theiv i CA 11 K LESS, No. "7, Knt Temple Stm t, Salt Lal. City. of Massachusetts, h;t Mli r recently been appointed assistant examiner the culturers that call into1 existence the Agent fortho Arion linno, lnon ,& Hamlin Organ of the jSitent o!ee. The laily; 'has "for wine best attributes which ,God bas;sown in the and iS'm inp Mafljinei ;WlsonSliutt,lf. '7 timet very creditably fiilfilleditheduUcof mvth jotour natures' andgi veais Indepen All kinds of3ti-- i and Fancy Good. which lessens not our womanhood.' clerk; and on the occasion of some vacancies -dence . 4 rJ.- r 1 In the examinerships, she was one of several ladies who competed for, places. All of the Salt Lake City. ( jjTURNISjf YOUR IIOMI'X candidates were subjected to general title examination as to their capabilities for A FEWAVORDSON EMIGRATION. I would advise tho Ladies who want to buy fin the position, and four ladies passed the ordeal with much credit. The CommiThrough the medium of our friend and Parlor and fc'eU of furniture to call and conlrtuded ssioner a however, I vouhisay companion, (the Exponent,) f one of them for tlie present, as a sort of few words to mv sisters on a subiect that examine the immense stock kept by V' experiment. should interest all; and that is the emigra There arc few duties connected with the tion of the ooor Saints from Europe.. The ILDINWOODEY, operation of the f Patent Office but. may be hand of God has gathered us to these beauti women ful vales, where we eau enjoy peace from 5, efficiently performed by intelligent ; At. No. 31, East Temple Street, acd No. 75, Fh.t the moboeKit,r atid freedom- - froin-th- e 7 South Streek jderieal naturevjbr which petticoats are . mlminmlyadapt us without stint iAJidshall we in return, sitmrlAvouldmkeimo refuse to help those who are 7 in va1it and thenihe wouldct free a large number of distress, denendiner unon us for aid? Or WALLACE ; to be in pntaloons develop- shall we streich forth our hand in the usefully emi)loyed Ilas the best, largest and purest stock of confec i rect outdoor industries of d more the ing d i rect ion God has poi nted out by His men- - are, by nature , the our beloved Leader, and enjoy th e tionary in Salt Lake city. J ust the place for ladie3 servant, so especially prepared. sweet consolation of having done what God to purcnaso. ;i nA.t Canandaigua, iirtliis State, Miss SusaE reu u i red. Inasmuch as our Father has Ii. Anthony, who insisted that she had as blessed us with much of this world's goods, good a right to vote iis any other man, and will lie not hold us accountable for the use HOUSEHOLD TREASURE. who did vote at the last election, has been we nuike of it? 1 tried and, wo regret to say, found guilty,; us to share wi th those less , favored than Every Family should have a Washing Machine; "and fined for violating the law. Judge Hunt ourselves. The is now. open, let us nd there is none better if, as goodr-w-e . truthfully way decided that, "although. women were entitled walk in it ere it is closed. and, earnestly consider, having had experience in to the general right! of citizens, there were working and taken pains in observing teveral kinds, thou hast pissed an aching heart, -- certain 'IfTurn special privileges which the law of as the Tjcleqraph AVsnixa Machiki, which U back a little way; Xe'w York, as it stands,.did not give them, manufactured in this city, and sold by George God- Let not thy giving be a part was To of which act tone another day; th(r privilege ?of voting. dard; to whom all orders concerning it should be Give while the weary eye is dim, : 1 lie law must;" in the opinion of Judge addressed, "P. O. Box "474, Salt Lake City." And if a tear should fall, We take pleasure in recommending this Machine fel-be before our feminine I Jliint, changed Twnuld h" in gratitude to Him, to the ladies of Utah, and advise them to nrovo its " ow citizens ea n enjoy themsel ves a t the "WLFTh av, tin in 'urnoiN calv' suneriority by purchasing and using it. ,; ballot box. V;. :lis. :L:zj..S. 1: There is another consideration; and that In the ineaiitinie; tlie C0mi1Ussi6nerl1av-in- g NEW CLUB RATES. in favor of the eligi- - is, laying up treasure in Heaven, the only wisely decided treasure We never fades. .... . where . i ..r t.tlit.. place 'mhi ui Humni us patent examiners, we shall hope to see his decision sustained and would all like to have something there to ratified by tlie appointment of Miss Anthony our credit. ,., And when the time comes for as his successor when he shall ret ire and our actions to be weighed in the balances, Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the that day we understand, is not fair distant. we shall want every good deed to weigh as of the Publishers, to increase the circulation of. The lady in question isji female steamboat, heavily as possible. If we should lay aside part far as untiring energy and useful capacity some of our real or imaginary wants and the Eipohint and aid in promoting the objects con-- , impart to the real necessities of others, I do templated in its publication, by making it truly an are concerned,: She is, undoubtedly, not see where the harm would be. And to manage a dozen or two sleepy this I do knowt that "sacrifice brings forth exponent of the views of the women of Utah, sus- institutions like the Patent OHiee. We tained by them, read by them, and its columns . nominate, for Commissioner of Patents, Miss the blessings of heaven.?' enriched with a widely circulated expression of their, "When thy all have passed, Susan 11 Anthony, of New York, and Miss Kind acts will then appear i An na thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as Nichols .Like .ajyekjyaiting by thy idf f Commissioner. to prepare for increasing the value and importance of 7: Scientific American," J ul v oth. To b'e'ss thee and to cheer." 7 Anna Xichol weh-om- e -- . Lotk-Stitc- h - - V , , . Bed-roo- m r ' - v ' - i.'i. i i w , ' : - -. - g 1 cuiiiry3J1 A , , ', -- ', com-pote- nt ! ; Atant ; - -- - Salt L'Tck City, July M. L. M. 1st, 18T3 A I)ai'(5hteh is almost always right when Have you never had a visitor come in and she endeavors to imitate her mother; but it l (eel down-hearte) I and is doubtful wheather the mother js equally thought Pd come and see you. i thought riglit wlien, at a certain period of life, she you'd help me to feel better!'? tries all she can to imitate her daughter. I doubt not you have; and tlid you appreTiiK rndians in Plumas County begin to ciate it?. This confidence in yJ,Ur judge-me- ii show of the white man9 d' to-da- y, he paper with the beginning of the next volume, which a Jarger subscription lUt will enable us to do- - 1 year, with a copy to the getter me ciuo up 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter 19 copies, 01 upoimeciuo 20 copies, - . - year, with a copy to the getter up 01 me ciuo ana a trained steel engraving:, 12il6 inches, of President Brigham ." Young, selling price, $2 50 signs adopting SO copies, 1 with a copy to the getter- The Qui ncy "National" that up 01 tun year, a superior nrsi roof. viuo, Kca ' the red men who reside in the vicinity of steel engraving of President Brigham Greenville have subscribed s200 for the Young, handsomely framed, selling . ; : $13 00 20 00 1 1 S4 . civi-lizaiio- n. tjVyouiT worthiness ifriend;iahis appeal to your sympathy, loving, delicate, is a compliment better than one of etiquette.. 0 niy who toil erection of a school house, and engaged Mr. . .... . i iii!v:ir(K iiv nr:ivtc ; Udl-100- m ;, fsi-ter- s! - . stance, as Father clwx better can we do, or be loan lO he.. sinmnH, to tlie to br worthy the conli iiiT in iMCii oiiicr How far below sinh a extravant vanities v..v nru.V-i tills do we Mv thoV SI down-hearte- d, TT: ; - l : ries uiuch the wc ??!,,u,(csf c,li ,tir fenVininitv?-- The woman who cau l. . M W,m,v. 1 : . 00 -- : . , --1 V. 4S 00 Clubs can be commenced at any time; and additions can be made after the first list of names has been sent,1 .V; . Jr Money can be remitted bv rtcistered IaHai- - t th .price $4 , - mv i.v;uii (71 lilt onn t111 i.- - :i . ui tievoiCili TO irti.ini I X 0 w, here is a worthy object i , iKiio...! a . si risk of the publishers. i.. nice mirnnn We &OD6 ladies throughout tha Turrilnrv that the. whites to ought everywhere Encourage.- - It is bet- v - ?nS ? tuue iiie..jnuians,.teacii them the slamtr have them Income f 1. ly the Presidents and Secretaries of Belief Societies1" will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will constitute themselves agents for the extension of the circulation f tr e Exponkst. " uUng resident., ; than to be under (a constant state of apprehension from their A vikna corresoii(lent thinks that the idlorH ninl at pxiriiitx vagabonds, any Austrian women owe their reputation for beauty to the fact that many of them have golden hair and Mack eves. 