WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 117! and disagreeable to us in the conduct of others, "ACROSS THE WATERS." and avoid making; use of anything similar, KKSroXDENC'E OF MISS SNOW. and olserye -- closely those obliging, -- m merits in the characters of those whoc' com Liverpool, Nov. 19 th, 1872. panionship is ever faseiiuYting and desirable, and cultivate like pri nciples, we heed waste My Dear Lula: I ani now on "terra firma" but so highly little thought besides on etiquette. elevated that I almost Claim to be filling an serial position, being located on HOME AFFAIRS. floor in the "North-Wester- n Hotel," a spacious building. The room I occupy, in and Miss President B. Youx and party arrived company with Mrs. Thompson said to) be safely at St George, in the early .part of last Little, fronts St. George's Hall, week, in excellenthealf heaving held meetings the largest edifice in the city. In my last, I left you with the Falls of at the principle settlements by the way down, Niagara. I do not recollect anything of much to the edification of the Saint. special interest occurring between there and As Christmas has passed and the merry New York, unless the presence of Hon. Ben New year is again with us, we wish our friends Butler should be so considered. Not having ami patrons a very happy day of it, and many seen himyi Tel t considerable interest when returns of theeason, Damp and hsngrceabie it was announced:that he was on the train, as the weather has been during the holiday and to my entire satisfaction, he entered week, we are pleased to admit that no onej o thenar :ii r wlilcli-- 1 was riding and, seated far as we have learned, has allowed this incon- himself where I had a good view of: his venience to interfere with their enjoyment. ample phiz. As we arrived at towns by the apthe citizens no doubt having-beeOx the 22nd ult., we received a brief note way, of his coming; ere out in masses, to prised from sister Amelia rnrodshamofOgden whom he delivered electioneering speeches, one of the firmest and most faithful and which were listened to. with the usual enenergetic friends of the Exponent bearing the thusiasm of such occasions. For my part, I melancholy iutelligence that her husband, feel to respect any man who possesses suffbrother Frodsham, departed this life 011 the icient independenc of character, in this age morning of the 21st at a quarter past nine. Our of political bribery, to speak as he thinks " sympathies for the bereaved lady are, if pos which I believe Ben Butler does. We arrived in New York on Sunday sible, increased, from the fact that at the time of the death of her worthy husband, and for morning it. was raining, but luckily for us, several days previous, she had also a little the beautiful depot afforded us shelter, z laughter lying very seriously ill. That the while, after considerabl e delay, a carriage child has recovered, and that the family may (probably the property of some unpopular be well sustained and comforted, under the infidel) was procured to carry tmrselves and to St Nicholas Hotel. The heavy loss which has deprived them ot so dear our baggage fact of our arrival on the Sabbath was the and true a friend," we sincerely hoie. cause otxlelay ; this very religious people Just now we leara, or rather are reminded, have plenty of cabs and hacks to receive that at the Territorial Fair, held in this city strangers, on other days of the week, which last October, the first prize on quilts was strongly reminds me of a class of religionists to the Eighth referred to in New Testament history. I am awarded to the - terms there are : -- Ward Relief now speaking the prize mohey)nered for Uie sahie7but very excellent people living-i- n Neworkf through some mistake of the reporters, the I know of several although my knowledge honor was given, through the papers, to the is very limited. St. Nicholas' Hotel is a splendid establish- Twentieth Ward Relief Society, which drew COO rooms and accommoonly' the second prize on qnilts. Tlie Eighth racllt it contains Wkrd Society should also have been credited dates from ten to eleven hundred occupants. with the third prize on ottoman covers, which It is freely ventilated and so warmed with to the papers all omitted, or published wrong. At pipes running in various directions as fairs nothing unfair should be countenanced, keep an equilibrium of temperature. Water to and from the rooms in pipegy we therefore take pleasure in' rectifying the isconveyed ean3yash" mistakes made by the Exponent, in common so that yoii are nottmtelTydu" The choose. if rinse and too, you with other papers, as soon as apprized of them. yourself whole establishment is lighted with gas, A month or two earlier would have been all the and you can have as much light as you better. please j yet I think there is an extra charge A terrible snow-slid- e occurred in Little ifyoukeepit burning all night. What I Cottonwood canyon, on Thursday evening last, consider an enormity is the charge of one .. December 20th, by which ten .teams were, car- dollar per day for fire, however small it may ried away from the road anil clear over to the be; and then the porter graciously expects a other side of the creek, smashing sleighs and small fee for his condescension in making it is all very well he is so wagons, killing and maiming animals, and for you. But that worst of all, destroying the lives of some eleven obliging and does it so much better than one else. ; :nien. It was a nd jhows any three nights inlewJYorkrrpent the terrible power of a mass of snow, light and two days in the city and one in visiting feathery is it appears when it falls, as it is Willard Young at West Point In company hurled from the mountain sides in(o the of President George A: Smith, my l)rother yawning canyon below, This is the greatest loss and brother Dunford, I went to the office of of life yet entailed by one of these avalanches the Notary Public, the kind and affable Mr. r in Utah, mid vva ausetl by-- ttof X6nevl)eforo"NVlio"nt"I solemnly subscribed teams being in the path of the to my allegiance to the United Stites Gov avalanche. But two bodies wei'e- - recovered up ernment, etc., according to due form of law, till Saturday night; one, of a man from Camp and he made put my ai)phcation which he Douglas, named IVterRahnj the other of Leroy promised to send to Washington for my I)ibhley from Erie County, New York. It is ex. passport,. which I expect to meet in London peeled tliat some of the bodies will not - be .on my arrival. In conversation with Mr. recovered until Spring, though a large force has None, brother Smith spoke of his rejection from the" Philadelphia Convention, on been searching for them the-four- th n - . . quilt-belongin- in-gen- eral v. fearful-catastroph- 3 e, ed ; -- ore-hauli- large-numbe- ng account . of his religion, When Mr, N. exclaimed emphatically "How ridiculous!" He expressed miirh plonsiironn mooting President Smith, saying he was the first official of our people with whom he had met. We then called on the "Consul General of the German Empire," Mr. Kosing, where we met the very gentlemanly Mr. Schleiden, member of the German Parliament. Both these gentlemen had visited Salt Lake,f where they, made Br. Smith's acquaintance' They spoko" of their visit in the highest terms. ; Through the kindness of Wr,Young7 I enjoyed a pleasant turn around Central Park; and here, amid its shades, fountains, equestrian statues, etc. etc., I, leave you for the present Eliza It. Snow. BJ. CORRESPONDENCE. J Frank un, ril L-- . " Oneida Co. , Idaho, l)eceniber .10, 1872. ; - Miss L. L. Greene: I left Salt Lake City, November 2nd, and arrived at Box Elder station in safety, had a very jileasan to passage on the Utah Northern. When I Hampton's Station, the terminus, in compny with some friends I stepped on to the engine and ran on to the end of the track, about four miles; when passing some very deep fills, sitting as I did where I could see all the danger, on hearing the man at the Engine say he had never run over that road before, all at once my blood seemed to stop in its course, I felt my heart stop its beat- msr; 1 iiaruiy Knew, wnere 1 was. isui in a few minutes I saw we were alb safe on level ground, which made all right again." There we' saw men laying ties and rails; as I stood looking at those 'willing hands at that great Work, I said in my heart, "what could this people do if they could be let alone!" T We stepped on to our swift beast, and ran back to the station, found the coach in waiting, were soon seated and off for Logan, where we arrived in safety. When I saw how far I had come in, in so short a time, I felt to thank the Lord for his kindness in helping this people to t, build the Railroad. And when I arrived in this far off northern clime and found all my children and friends well and prospering I felt more than thankful. I am stopping .at present at A. Stolker, who is now, in my company with Bishop Lorenzo Hatch, at - ; son-in-law- 's, Boise--Cityth- CapitaLof;ihisTerritory,, a attending thoT members. I have seen letters from, them; they speak well of the people of that place, but say they had. a hard time in getting there. Were way laied by robbers and driver on the commanded to stop, but-t- he coach put whip to h is horses and was soon out of their reach. Besides, the coach was upset in going down a very steep hill, but happily there were none severely hurt Well, I find good Saints in this land. The men aro alive to the calls of the Bishops to work 611 the Jlailroad, the sisters to looking after. the poor, I am well and feel first rate in spirits." I expect to spend the winter in this northern country, We have had some very cold weather, but it is fine now. I have not forgotten you nor your labors; may the Lord bless you in the same. Amanda Smith. ;. j fivii 4i.v,ii.. has no A " rirl in Tlnsfon.r who "lhb"' fc" to be the owner of is K hoorfj-n-r hands, reported a fine residence in that city, besides other propc rty, all pu rc based wi t h money gathered from foolish but charitable people in the streets. 