WOMAN'S EXPONENT, intense wld to mildnessjaf atmosphere. As a result colds, catarrhs, bronchial affections and pneumonia have been prevalent, and a number disease. Parents have died of the careful of their children, should be especially in such sudden changes of weather, and endeavor to so arrange their clothing that the body will llightfindjKliade;!andinjJ found his truest friend in a woman, she who be kefjt, as nearly as possible, at an even tem"" ' ' shared his imperial splendor and knelt by his perature. ; dying bed at Chiselhurst, the empress Eugiene. .iBut death, w hen -- it comes, strikes alike the CORRESPONDENCE OF tflSS SNOW. highest " and the lowliest; and in the tomb; whether it be a mighty mausoleum or an Nov. 25, 1872. London, ; humble grave, emperor and peasant are but My Dear Lula: equal re mnants of mortality. , In mv last, I left you at "Central Park in New York. Early next; morning, (oth of THE .'CHANGE OP NAME. Nov.,) in company of brother Feramorz .Little, sister Little, Clara L. and her little - - Tlie Relief Societies of the following named brother Frank also brother Spencer iwettlemeiitshay took the ears accounts of their properly renouncing the prefix we arrived at 10 a. m., after crossing the "Female" ln connection' wltlrtlfrarani!? beautiful Hudson river on iteai Society: Smithfield, Farmington, r Ogden, Wil- " lard City, Brigham City, Kamas Prairie, West Point is a delightful point: The Alpine City, Santaquin, Salem Nephf, Big natural scenery is variegated and imposing. Cott6nwo6tl,"lsOVartI IirTrovCilyvTSountP; ' fa , Eplirai Wansl u p"Logaif CearCfiyY could liavehihterWeW ; Mendon,- Heber City, Fillmore, Beavery and our visit, Mr. Willard Y oung, we strpuea American And the newly around the premises, vieving the oty'ects of organized branch at Riverdale, which takes the interest, and some things, which to us, correct term withoutmaking uscrof the supe- r- promoters of peace, were not particularly fluous word, makes the number twenty-threinteresting. Great numbers of cannon, of But these do not constitute a majority of the various forms and sizes were to be seen in Socieiies throughout the Territory. different places; some from Mexico, others . branch Send on your minutes, Secretaries; we are from the Crimea, preserved as specimens;' anxious to leave the "F" off the heading of the also a portion of the ponderous iron cnam Americans stretched across, the Society reports, but cannot do so legally while which the in the Revolutionary War, to imonly a minority of those concerned have saric Hudson, pede the British ships. I admired the tioned the proceeding. , beautiful irreen area, with its nne snaae HOME AFFAIRS. trees, surrounded by rugged hills; on the o uioiuwv, i top oi ine nignesi, i seen, which is said to remain The Sabbath School entertainment, referred Fort is to be whose to iii our issue of January 1st, was gi ven in the precisely as the veteranleftGeneral, next The it. and Thirteenth insteadjrf the Fourteenth Ward in name it bears, built, ' pleasantly spent in "tete a this city. The figure inlheiiotiee was a typo- hour was very tete" with the young military student, graphical error. whom we found in good health and spirits, A number of those who subscribed' for the and returned to New York at 4 p.m. Exponent with its first issue, for six months, That evening Mr. Richardson and lady have not renewed their subscriptions, although called on us he has been a traveler in Palesthe paper is now in its eight month since tine and gave us much interesting informaBefore we left New started. Will they please renew at once, or tion respecting it. notify us that they wish their papers stopped? York, the number in the hotel, from Utah, A new Associate Justice for Utah, in the amounted to twenty. On the morning of the 6th we went on person of Wm. W. Mi tchell, has been appointed in place of Judge Strickland, who presided over board the steamer Minnesotaand through the first judicial district, holding court in the kindness of brHlier W. 0. Bfameis7 were and soon Provo. Judge Mitchell must be a very poor very comfortably quartered, launched forth into the Hudson and from specimen of a just judge if he is not an improve- thence into the broad ocean. ment on the man he succeeds. I saw the ocean for the first time, and was News of our friends, the Palestine party, in nothing so disappointed as its color, come almost daily to hand, and only agreeable which is, when calm, dark, very dark, yes, accounts of good health and enjoyable seasons positively black, and to me appeared like a have been yet received. They w ere at Nice on mass of lava. I wanted to look at it poetic Christmas daj and, doubtless, had a nice time; ally, and watched intently for "blue waves," on New; Year's day they reached Milan, and if or even "green wavesvout to no purpose, betheir expectations have been so far successful, except the waters were stirred, then,more neath the white foam the blue, and , at Pisa. , they are the green were observable. I We acknowledge the receipt of.' a pleasant particularly was but little sea sick, and, although our invitation to attend a Relief Society Party of was rough, I rather enjoyed it. It the First Ward, held In the neat, new brick passage was raining when wo arrived in Liverpool not of that which, although Ward, building on the morning of the 19th. The Northto as be an so advanced far is yet completed western Hotel, Where we stopped, is a finely evenan for agreeable place of entertainment constructed building, with many accommoing's enjoyment. We understand that the dations, but is conducted altogether too proceeds are to be, devoted to thefinishing of ceremoniously to consult convenience and the meeting, house, which is certainly credit-- J comfort. We staid two days in the dense, able, and we wish the sisters much success in interminable fog of Liverpool, where they have more light by night from gas than the the undertaking. J " THE 'UilVA present winter, so far, has been an unin I The flrsttlay spent writing, with u Very usual one, for the extreme am) sometimes visit to the sane-- 1 sudden changes from frost to rain, and from agreeable and interesting The career of this man has been so i ntenvoven with the history of Europe for the last twenty years, that those who have a knowledge of the one cannot be ignorant of the other; for he shaped for years the policy that governed that continent. His life was an eventful one, full of last-nam- ed ' " ': )- 12."i f --.,! ' , -- Claw--soup- l- turn of President Carrington; on the second, a very severe cold prevented my visiting the Workhouse as I had anticipated a sketch - : L - : ; Where WOMANS AGENCY, . 1 rFork-twenty-t- wo. , e. , to-d- ay V J9 " - ... - - t f of which my. brother Lorenzo has- written to : the Deseret News. AVe left Liverpool for London by train, at 9 a. m. and arrived at 2 p.m. two hundred and three miles. The cars in England, instead of beingopen from end to end and the seats all in one view, as in America,, are partitioned into boxes containing two seats, the first class seating six persons, three on each scat, face to face, and the second class, eight-f- our on each seat. Theso boxes open only on the outside, so that there is no communis cation between the different sections. Here the distances are so short compared with those of America that sleeping cars are hot . in use. : Yours, with love to all, Arteraperaf(-lifand-;as- useful ' prayerful' heart & , dealVid-ahdvTitten"c6neernIngvoma- is a subject that I feel interested in, enouglTso to attempt to expresFsome of my views in relation to it, through the columns of tho Exponent. There is one. fact that 1 wish' to prove, by reference to my own exbeew eighteen ""years " a perience" havingr "Mormon" Wien I first heard a "3Ior-mon,? missionary preach, I wag twenty-eigyears of age; and I believed every wonl he said. Why? Because I believed the Bible, and he did not preach any thing but what could be proved from the sacred book. Now, what was I to do? I had a husband, father and brothers, all intelligent, honorable men. Was it ray duty to ask them if the Gospel was true, and whether I must obey it or not? Or had God given me mv own agency, to think and act in such matters for My father was a deist, and that myself? was the tradition under which 1 was brought up.rr The Mormon,, Elder told the people if they believed and obeyed the Gospel,, they should requirements know of the doctrine, whether it was of God or of man; and that the signs followed the W ell, I believers as in ancient times. thought if God is the same yesterday, to day and forever, I will go to iiim on my bended knees and ask him if he has re vealed rights.tt ht of-th- O: Itimseir messengers to gather JRh Elect fronvthe four Quarters of the earth. I covenanted with" tho Lord to be a faithful witness to this testimony, provided' Tie gave- it to me as I had read of . its being given on the day of Pentecost. I would bear testimony to all the world that I received it in answer to my nraver. leaving no room for doubt. I would like to fulfill that promise to the Lord. And if any person wishes to know why 1 am hero in Salt Lake City, living in iolygamy, I think this is . sufficient reason; and my that I never may live to be prayer.-iashamed of this testimony, for it is the testimony of Jesus. And it is this that has placed me in the position I occupy All the men in Christendom could never have made me submit to live with a man that had more than one wife, had I not believed and become convinced that God approved it asjiiucht" iibw; asTHe did when Jacob had Rachel and Leah. But to say nothinfr of revelation, the 83'stem of plurality of wives is far superior to that practiced by the world. I have more to say oi woman's agency. W. E. - -- -- s to-da- y. 