WO MAN'S EX -- I ON EN T. LITTLE 'FOLKS;any rate, humor her feelings; it will do good in more ways than one. not She will only be nestle of selfishness has she mani so the both ashamed small Ax exchange reniarks that it is one of that may Twojittl feet, In one carre?sing hand; fested, and lovingly confess the same by the i)ceularitics of;Hhc lioy, that he HikN ' Two tender foet upon the untried border eareituiy stuuyins: your cnoice and endeavor himself uiiable to Imthe, except, so to spe;k: Of life's mjiterious land; ing to suit it in future; but will also seek to at t he t op a f h i s I u n gsj Dimpled and soft and pink as peach tree blossoms cultivate her own taste and arum a correct Oik a m, Pennsylvania, claims a little an itpru s jragraafc uajt; unde rstand i ng r of you r wa uts iind nt ww,-- child, r perfectly developed, which weighed flow ean they walk among the briery tangles more be her of that may judgment! worthy but three ounces at birth and seven ounce Edging the world's rough way?s being consulted and trusted another time. when three weeks old. In like manner, meet all her woman- feet along the doubtful future Th6e white-rof- e Eveii v child who is born, is born a, soldier Must Dear a woman a Joad; ish mistakes, and without a word of fault in the urniv of tfie human activities, Alai! since woman has the heaviest burden ' And walks the hardest rend. finding, fretful or harsh criticism, you will and hasgrand to meet and face loth friend and soon have a mod el wife. mid wage It warfare that ends in Are you a mother, and you choose to foe; Love, for awhile, will make the path before them success or inglorious defeat. ' au aaioiy, smoenn anu iair leave home for a few, hours, charging the glorious "Will cull away the brambles, letting .only .u i ineiiiy-nire- o " fy"" to keeiwW. nf misrhief. iho nldor little folks The roses blossom there. ' . . . months old and lives in Ausrusta. Ga: It , r. "5 at ,ts c0,ored rse, who to be verv rood. be nm.flil with what snirit "j thrF? '.MU ale ' Yi,. : Aw--v from shrht of W lymg on the floor, striking her in the v mo an alcess that proved fatal Andthwo dear feet are left without to . . and causing nave-goniipok.nr&t Who shall direct them then s, TWO LITTLE FEET. '-- I , I . - 1 1 ttiiojjuuaittiiatjiiay " -- . aA , How will they be nllurod, betrayed, del aded, -- ' Poor little untaught feet 1 ; Into what dreamy mazes will they wander What dangers will they meet? - voiiif.as bareheaded. ilont let Will they go stumbling blindly in tb darkness first words on coming un to theiiJ be Imstily vi oorrow s leariui soaae. sK)ken: don't tell liessie to "take that child ' Or find the upland elopes of Peace and Beauty house the. be he'll ; into right straight never hi , iaaer noEOBunugni tanned as black as a negro!" And ad(l as Will they go toiling up A:qbitioi's Furnmit, puJbiio.W; them, that she deserves a jrood The common world abov ? whipping for having him out there, and Or in some namleF8 vale fecurely sh'ltrpd, t ha t you s u ppose every t li i ng else - has I been Walk side by side with. Love? ". managed in 1 ike maimer since you went Some feet there be which wnlk lifb's track un away. But rather reflect a moment ere you l doors-witli:hab- V ';,-- wan- , Without a hope or friend find their journey full of pains and Iopsps, And long to reach the end. Who How shall it be with her, the tender d and gentle-eye, Before whose unstained fet the world's ruda Fair-face- -- . d; highway. ; Stretches so strange and wide? V . V hunian 1 ; , . Pxrcy. i iirjlof the Jwly?jjW Throat A tliroat is convenient to have, especially tor roosters and ministers: Th e u fbrnicr eats corn and crows with it; tlie ; ' 1 ' -- I 1 d-in -- o"mm June 1 ;:v 7 1 . . .1- . ,J .1. leiu!,,.iiupaiuug4qui vnniura tu, s . , rr.i xiiu iituu i:reaiurcs. , to '!e "name to tell whether and she have been nicely planned and where the ?.uu.m they are Orders VOU left have hfen nrnmntlv fulfil Wl A IAMATIOX FOR A SMALL ;B0Y. ffive loVinir Words of nniisA and i.WlIf fni Vlt say; to us l)oys. how readily all the rest these, .... ...... UlllVT !IG II ... . mid thenj . see OItl nrt1".l " vm be accomplished and what great-pai'wise K t:"" c..vVw..Vjyy.. will be taken another time to have nothing "th? ?)rld..un.tl1 we were born. Haven't 0 om 101 : o anrr: rla icii uuuoiie ma is calculated to aua to your 1)ldn ,A KS ail been hnvs ; ; som? ofthem drum on the milk pans, comfort and win your smiles and kisses of r approval; Take such measures in all things 00cracK nuts down fl?Mron, or slam the stairs sliding downhill with your children, and they-w- ill learn to fcls11on. that is smart goes off . ft anticipate vour desires evpn lfnro ...Everything . . rvV.V th J tli Avitn a f bang." This would , be a dull told, and to delight in gratifying them. world if it were not for the racket the W G. make. Noisy boys, are not alwavs smmpv Some are:' but-w- e don't triiin VVMJ THE HEART SUPREME. We" pany. belong to the "Boys Rattle-- . "efs- w? Nothings the wide world is worth hnlf ""K S0 much as love and Uiches, and station, and rank, and learning and noliwb . ..... . . wvW ,.,.-- . ' Ah! who may read the future? For our darling . We crave all blessings sweet An3.P.rfty tbat Ue who feeds the crying ravens Will guide the baby's feet ' -"- Lady's Friend." ' FLOiaiKCK ( silkenir; sur- - Bessie speak. Think if eight or : i? la'ttefl rYa r'il'ITimti f r h f i ' JI i. not a good to'take girlortemembering care of her baby; brother and 'keeping him up." A STHANGK mystery, involviiiL' the al with herreven if she of - - eifhtpori helnlkss disappearance ...... nthe house all the time while the other leged t !1 .1 1 oeen nat committecr-airifont children were ronipin- - and havimr fun out- - yMiureiy.uiio to. institutions ion BlackwellVs Papers public side. And if inrtinn nf thp" ,kp is Island, being investigated bv the f 'nm hof 1,.., mv wcu are t. haH-not-reihaine- der un the toi of. his head been'-'TeimiredT- tO ten-year-o- ld But they are few. Far more there are who niiauigiu. T" uul c ni: iig; Write a composition on some r wounded, . . .ll c uu.lluV .fcLI,-- ' oiacK : Which find but pleasant wnys; Some hearts there be to which thi life is bnly A round of hippy days. ' 11 , is a little j)atch of straight rounded by kink v negro wool. A sAt a i.i7by,::'tiayi ; . . ."'"V ""lOI If - vou find Bessie out and-annreciat- ion.- "- . "f.1 '" been wdl (lone for hvl.ieh vou irmv offw! -. ':u,??h. TRUE CHITICISM. When you wish to find fault with another, choose an opixrtunity in private, and not direcUy after the offense has been ted.r Let fit be tOoTlifter you hmcitrefiilly reflected upon the nature and importance of mo wrong which ha been done. The een-- 1 sured are less inclined to resist wheu blamed without witnesses, They are likely also to be struck with the forbearance you Mve shown in waiting .untU yon wuldee thm-iim- Th whilo noting the error all the while, or some elUAWs T M ns jy ,,. A w V ' V -- !n-that-- - ,-- . Joi. 0. t ". - 1 urns oejorev. y : ; : - ; - . : r ' j If you are a . husband, never accuse vour wifoof taking little onio painsto-p- l ease you. for' it. vi oeing negiecuui 01 your comfort or of any are of the duties whicli especially belong to her. "suflicicnt If you have a wife who is careless in such he respects, the best possible criticism to offer, inflated with pride, bvthe ua iK comes, you know I mn si ntti iifwMV if the be assessed of a heart, is, for yourself maxe men uiai to adopt theopiosite course.. Does she lumgs great in the eyes of of that. And then, ma, I insist ineir begin to think of ieuows. most The ebihrmifo , If Mf on wearing an article of dress '.which is all the Tve naughty done to1 grieve things the most subtle r.. I I.. mmM nM il(UMlwTKr l . vv KJ aud .... uwm.nnui in your ecs, or pur- lunuer men seinsii and vain. perhaps you might die before O' blun- your that uvwiu; Better chase without consulting: your judgment der and ho . I begin1 to act good." with the intellect than with the heart morning, and desires; ask her, when you intend to "Oh!" thought I, "how many of us wait till for in the heart, not in . the a new lies head, hat or coat, which the dark eomesrin the form of icknpa M- rbuy -he nianhood; and the will come days thinks most beaming to you. And tyle when the lxsorrow, or trouble of some kind. crowned and walk before, begin to act to get that which she fancies most sure "Heart will-b;rood!" : How nmpb hnf Her when the understand! 11 sue be is as iasie, matters, good while wo are cnioviny life's T.ridw likely to be its errands." - "A new coiiinmnfrin.nt r .Vand then, 'when the dark comes sunshine uiauui iu our own as vours i fi wumo give outo you, that ye love one another." ners in relation to anything she wears. u win, in a measure to all we shall At be ready to meet it without fear." C5 11 5 . . 7 1 i " ---Jis s 