WOMAN'S EXPONENT, through, the ruins of the palaces of the Emperors IKrtitJtis of tin walls Iniilt bv early llomaii5. .Many m the specimens show vest tees-oIn several beauty and magnificence. .... in- stances, trees have grown in crevices of ponderous edifices, which were constructed of "rock", brick and cement, their growth having made large openings, forcing the structures apart and thus producing dilapidation. I will enclose vou a leaf which T plucked from a shrub growing on the remains of the ruins of Caligula. In exhuming these ruins, inscriptions are found which-identi; many of them. Last night brother Carrington joined us, and brought what of our mail had arrived in Liverpool AVe are all in good spirits; my health was never better, is not the easiest although "sight-seeing- " work in the world. Clara and I get, along just as well as -- two persons could doam) I feel no lack of companionship. I get but little time to write, have done this by"piece-meal.- " With much love, I -- -aro- -- a : .. : fy , . . -- the earth. : He had merited the long ;to bless his people with his hatred of the world by belug instrumental care, and to enjoy the golden harvest loving of the was above uHd-ami-ttttdei-innnyif -- nm as ever - - JEuza : ; 1L Sxow. Written for tho Ex iON knt. LETTER FROM BEAVER. in the hands' of God in forwarding His great work; that blessing I lis people spiritually and temporally, was to him a joy, a comfort a consolation; which the world could neither give nor takeaway. Speaking of the; desire' to obtain wealth, he said every one had a perfect right to get all the wealth he could, honestly; provided he made proper uses of it afterward. He acknowledged himself oriiy a "steward over the wealth which God 4 had placed in his hands, and accountable to Him for the use of the least portion ot it. That no one on this earth owned 'anything; but those who proved faithful and profitable stewards over what was intrusted to their care, should be real owners hereafter. He wished all to be able, as he was, to say that in getting wealth they had never wronged the widow and orphan, r never defrauded-- the poor nor the in a their neighbor rich, never ' hanrain'nor in an v wav stained their souls r to get it. Deferring to his reputed power and in fluenceover the people, said lie. was. often tempted to wish he really had it, that he might cause them to cease their folly, their envy, backslidings, running after the things of the world: and to fix their hearts and eves on God and the errcat future which is surely theirs if they live for it. But he added that it would not be right for him to have such power God himself did not possess it. havinsr delegated it to His to choose children in'thejformof ! . ! XI t' me oerween troou aim evil anu receive appropriate reward for the choice made. ; - over-reach- ed .., : - ... m .. - - " ! priceless grain and fruits which he has labored so faithfully to plant." L. L. D. religious persecution; Ladiesr have assisted materially in the election of President Grant, some of us, to be sure, considering it "a choice between the two evils.? Then should we not protest against any unwise, or cruel act proposed by the Executive, lest ye share in the opprobrium? ... , Surely, no woman can believe in roM ious persecution, in this day, or, indeed, in i is manLslK Tim any uay. Yot principle we are informed that President Grant intends to resume his disastrous course toward the Mormons, vlt Is hard enough not to be free.ourselves. - , But to see those who have : earned a right to live according to the dictates of conscience by such sufferings, lalors and successes as the Mormons have proved ' is harder still. AVere their women forced to share the love of a husband with others, as many nearer home are, it might be ehivalrie in President Grant to coerce the? men. But eveu then he might better attend to greater evils nearer home. The Jtformons found a religious belief in the Old Testement, men and women alike, and put it in practice. Otherwise their morals are pure, their industry, enterprise and loyalty are unquestioned; they have "maue tne desert to rejoice and blossom as the rose." They are courteous and tolerant toward those Who differ with them. , Until Eastern States, cities and people are equally praiseworthy, let them attack the "beam in their own eye." . If the President is to their religious views, why not overhaul the o.oii tii.iiiunuiy, ur ituemi to the "Social . : . . . , . On the afternoon of the; 20th" ulf.j President Young's party arrived in Beaver, and notice was circulated that a meeting would be held, and although it was then after four o'clock, and very, cold, the . house was filled to overflowing. Bro. Staines first addressed the assembly, comparing the ease and comfort of the remarked the t present day, with the privations of former "Brethren and Sisters." God and righteousness! times demonstrating to the Saints tliat speaker, "I am for the sentiments of know labor, and not money, was the e&eatial of and I would gladly Let all who are will success in building up Zioiv that labor, and vour hearts not capital, redeemed this fair land from a ing and determined to serve the Lord to the howling wilderness. - lie urged the Saints best of their ability, even though His enemies to improve their own homes and lmiirf up hnto, persecute mid even kill them, nnw fin heaven- Evil?" fhfir own Htlps. instead of selling tlieir as I do!" and his right hand pointed Even some of the President's most influen handicraft to others for mouey. He also ward. Instantly hundreds of hands were suswas almost and tial male supporters are opposed to his breathing jnnkft nhniit the wavs and manners of the uplifted, ...' awe; reverential in narrow impolicy in this matter; "berth inly"" vmintf: nrHn? them to cultivate "sober and pended conversational above raised not been all women must prove their sense of justice, pitch, confessed steady habits; saj'ing that mothers as and belief in equal rights, by protesting hat although poverty and hardship had his manner was calm, mild and kindly, chil his with conversing against persecution. Argument and examstung themi and death had torn their child that of a father and like were words his puro gold, ple would finally overthrow polygamy. . ren from their arms in infancy, they never dren; but as hearers his of hearts to the seemed Persecution will rouse the martyr spirit, sway knew what sorrow was until their sons meadow the wind summer grass. the sways and the blood of martys will prove the seed approached manhood and disregarded good all the silence with "Are you of that Church also, as it has for those of advice, plunging into dissipation, wasting He broke Then is all am well" I glad; mrer faith; . in a certain for God? time, health and of Brother some to referred He then part? SlIAWASEBEKE. which leaves a sting : nf pninvmcnt. v 11 to write the " Staines remarks; advising young In "The Woman's Journal." behind. so if that of deeds in a honor, After him, Bp. Lorenzo D. Young occupied history daily called to occupy a fewr minutes,but excused nimseii irom mucn be, in the future they are James Havens of Lynne, Connecticut, has to not blush have need hiVh thev places, brother his n speaking on the ground that days, it is said. out. Advised fasted for their to not want sought history early snefllr. and did . in OxE-haHUD (,VIU(j of the false hair worn by Amerij to children their to teach and pray parents late. hold the meeting can women comes from prisons and lunatic Urifrionf Vnnnff said he did not rise to pray: saying that children begotten, nur asylums. in the fear andadmonition preach. he :had done preacmng enougn tured and taught would never spurni their early .'..Yebdi brought out -- Don Carlos, lately, at thiriv vears aero, to convert the world, had of the Lordf r Naples, and the audience brought him before TPtnM lisstPried? but he wished now to teaching and' love corruption. I have seldom listened to so simple, plain, the curtain thirty times. converse a little with his frientK Jo. Jefferson's four nights at Baltimore wilful blindness of the unassuming, yet impressive a discourse. the about He spoke ' mind on was the effect my deepened produced $0,500. He will jlay in all the w orld, its readiness to believe a falsehood, And a a from overheard I stranger leading southern cities. t. arid its outcry without investigation, against by a remarkme on whom and home, who my way passed But" he said, "woMve no A MAN named Jackson, who escaped from this People. was to He to an outsider. be took our saying Vermont penitentiary, returned and claimed cause for uneasiness, so long as we live cannot be denied it lis "..'well, the companion, away by the fifty dollars reward, and it was given to religion and are jiotcarried with power, r hat speaks the that said BrighamYoung also V hiim. "I" lie , " things of the world? the over his listeners. influence a has and be great should world hatred and scorn of The Prince and Princess of Wales recently .V was talking." he while felt it should I myself Why their delight . nothing to the Saints; to answer, "Yes, the power or lunched with the Duke of Rutland. The I God longed that approved consciousness and the le In the for what he says; the in- central dish was a tor's head, life of authority brief ; good the span when that and of them, second a peacock pie. a was over their reward was sure. The blows fluence of allftrong, noble, philanthropic translation of the Psidms Sand's in the George good corresponding oyer their of spirit mark; aimed at him all fall short is pronounced by the critics to whom she : a moments minds, of his hearers. him cause to were powerless they to say,:as. did that congregation,, has read specimens of t, the iblesr wprk comfort uneasiness; the source of his joy and Jod bless our President and spare his life she has ever written. was as high above their influence as the sun . . -- free-agenc- y, 1 .1 - to-nisr- ht. . , ; - 1 : ? give-peopl- - X His-voice-ha- e d , ? . . self-respe- ct : : L-5- xm, m n w m r . . 1 fifty-seve- lf " . - - 7-- - t ; I-fe- eL J i i 