tillJ Mill l . Y I r 'V . Vol. I. SALT LAKE' CITY, TJTAII, APKIL EDITORIAL NOTES. ing biioO in property to vote. Liberal New York! Corrupt nations inarch to ruin with more certain tread , than they ever do to victory or greatness. The Congressional whitewashing sea son is about over: but several .. darkened reputations yet show discoloring stains. Aveuy sensible lady, speaking of the follies of fashion, remarks, concerning the "Grecian Bend "Had the Creator desired to seo women with humps on their backs, lie would so have created them." An eight year-ol- d "country lassie" is reported to have named one of a fter a prom i nent Utah official "'cause ' she says, "that old hen is always cackling when there's nothing to cackle about." . Utah has received two new Associate justices. If they are an improvement upon their predecessors, the Territorial Supreme Court quorum of three would not be injured by another similar change; ' The friends : of Woman Sunrago in Massachusetts, are grieved at the action of the"Legislature of that State, in which not withstanding the Republican platform, the : prohibi tion of equal poli ticai rights for women was voted down by a large majority. They declare themselves "defeated but not conquered;" and they will eventually gain the victory. j ; are threat"Strikes," on a large scale, ened again, in the East. . Those of last ; spring cost the employers and workmen-- f millions. New York over thirty-thre- e That is the way capital and labor cut each others' throats. Both desire to make money, and yet by these strikes" prevent the accomplishment of the object.; Were there less" pri.de i and stubborness among them, arbitration might be successfully resorted to for the settlement of their difficulties. -- ; so The nuNT for. offices has tTthat 'President Grant has lamented the pressure upon his time and patience from this cause.. ; It seems that the glory of the aver- 1 age masculine' American throughout the States,' is to become a politician, and the aim of the politician is to secure office.' The country is viewed as a fat oyster which it is the precious privilege of every member4 of the winning party to open and enjoy., in George Francis Train is confinedNew the Tombs, the principal prison in York, for publishing the "Train Ligue,!' on the charge that il contained obscene literature; and a physican who has examined him says he is insane. We have not seen the "Train Ligue,". and consequently, cannot speak as to its contents; but it is possible ' Train's peculiar style of telling the truth has considerable to do with this medical r opinion as to his insanity, f Six: out of ten.vacaneies in the Internal Revenue Department, at Washington, to be filled by competition, were gained by women, who doing the same work as men receive the same pay. This is gratifying, have yet the right thus conceded1 1 should Utah was in been recognized long ago. . ' that' the right of women to support them . ns ; , .ui:,j ; , No. 21 selves as clerks, telegraph operators-- and so that tax paying women citizens shall have on o3 arse nilhlipl Uhe rirht to vote. There are two acknowledged, and now it is being admitted in this country that would bear explanation, " all over the country. ..V ' considering that" "taxation without repre' T"E. Editor: of the SahlSisco held to be a grievous and sentation" neer"does "not believe that! Celestial mar- radical wrong. One is, why the people of riage or polygamy, is art agreeable, natural the Territories should be taxed by Congress condition for men and women." Let her without a vote, by representative or delehonestlyandintelligentlycontrast polygamy, gate, ; in imposing the y tax, or ; d Lsposing as found JnUjIahUhithafioniliHntif of the money thus raised after it has been , New Youk proposes to allow women own iier-chicke- 1; 1873. wttn.. . .;...;: w argeiy and but . il in who own property and are taxed, all over ban Francisco and elsewhere, and say which the United States, are refused representation social system she considers the more of any kind, except in two of the Territories agree-abl- e and honorable. . ; ,: thus unjustly dealt with. The women and the Territories - only ask their just rights Foster, vtiieV from, government and from the States. Mnged on Fridays-Mar- ch ew 21st, in ork. His erimewa ; the tohohe The question Are women citizens oj killing Avery D. Putnam some two years ago, in a the United States within the meaning of street car, because Mr. Putnam endeavored the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constto! protectiwoLladiesi from insult Oh the itution?" is expected to be shortly- - decided same day McElhaney thet; Massachussets' hy the Supreme Court of the United States, wife murderer, was also hanged; he had in a suitlbrought by 3Irs Myra Bradwell orutaiiy killed his wife. Charles Mortimer of Chicago, against the State of Illinois, for has been foundiguilty of murder Jns the first refusing her permission to practice law. Should the decision be in her fa vor it will degree in7Samento,Cifora killing of Sarah Gibson. These three 'cases make woman suffrage a fixed fact in every are enough for one issue of the Exponent, part of the Republic, and w ill not then be to convince1 its readers how fast the world in the power of any demagogues to take the that berates the Mormons for their "peculia right of suffrage from the women of Wyoviews" on the woman question, is traveling ming and Utah, the only portions of the toawrus woman being protected and treated United States where the elective franchise is enjoyed by the sex With this principle as she should be. sustained by , the judicial branch of tho Tiie speciai, session of the United States government, be said that the it Senate closed on the 2Gth ult, not one of the builders builded.might more firmly than they resolutions lor expulsion of corrupt members knew when that amendment, which of Congress having passed either branch of was intendedframing to confer certain rights upon the - national Legislature Senator Bitter would be found son, of New Hampshire, accused of corrup- lcoI6re''puMionut: to to women as well. extend tion and perjury, escaped because his term unwittingly That this would work a greater revolution of office had expired; Senator Pomeroy, of in politicsthan the emancipation and enfranKansas, was declared innocent in the face of chisement of the blacks no one can doubt; very positive evidence of his guilt; Senator and some of the best jurists in the country Caldwell, from the same State resigned, Contend that the decision of the supremo although it was believed that a vote to tribunal is certain to confirm it expel him would have failed ; Senator Clay- T "Was it a Ghost?" is the question agiton, of Arkansas, was declared innocent; a portionof Minnesota at. present, while in the Houses Ames and Brooks were tatingthe following rather curious item censured for admitteti corruption, but hot over which we clip from an Eastern paper: "In ) expelled. the great stormVwhich proved fatal to so K man in the country could be many, people ; in Minnesota, one John If every for his services as the Rev. Dr. Weston, of Worthington, was overtaken on paid as well Newman, palatialresidences and comfortable his way home through the woods. Three carriages should be more plentiful than they days after, his wife, who was anxiously are. Dr. Newman receives' his salary as awaiting ? his coming, r heard as she pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Metropo thought at the door the voice of a neighbor litan Church, in Washington; ho also re saying, 'Mrs. Weston, John is frozen to ceives $7,500 for being chapalin of the Senate death.' She went at once to the door, but of the United States; and, lie lias lately nobody was there. So, six days after, anreceived the appointment, from President other neighbor saw the missing man standGrant, of Inspector of Consulates, as lie pro ing about fifteen feet from the stable door. posed a pleasure trip around the world, by lie1 addressed him with,' why are' you which he nas tne expenses oi me mp p;uu, here we thought you : were f frozen?' and receives besides, f 0,000, in com. . u n- - When the ghost answered, 'So 1 am, and doubtedly; he i3 a fortunate man, and his my body lies a mile and a half northwest of good fortune is multiplied upon him because Ilersey.' With this the ghost vanished. The depth of the snow, prevents searching ne was xueiuiicu uwvuooiuu jj oi inis for the body at present." Shouia me uouy Orson Pratt, in the New Tabernacle Mormon-is- be found at the -place thus indicated, the city, when he came to overthrow '' will but was himself overthrown. question now agitating that community settlement; for the The house of Iiepresentatives of tlie be as for as ever from the truth in New York Legislature, in session at Albany, world is unwilling to believeand' prefers. to on Mondav. March 21th," instructed the rerrard to such nhenomena. to bring in 'an amend- - ascribe them to hallucination of the mind, or Judiciary Committee . t.tt .i!li!. proviuiug accept the first theory that meets' approval. menttothe State uonsiuuiion, semi-covert- ly . rr:-..- - :. , ; . . m, . . . . 