WOMA N in their cent their happiness and present lives, and in their future generations? Wo study the biography of noted men -- and women with interesfi sometimes with profit; but if ono study nniV;t be neglected, it should on which not, bo the study of our depends somueh of lite, health; happiness, longevity, and consequently so much of the ' power of usefulness in earth-liflaws Boader, if you are acquainted with-thabove referred to, yod are required by the debt you owe to humanity to teach them. Ilygenic table arrangements are among the most admir able and effective first lessons in this depart ment of science. Other reforms which these laws require may be advantageously introduced atine uresiue, anu in social neignDoniooa in weli-bein- g, inner-selve- s, e. e tercourse. :The field is white and the laborers are.few.' Dear reader, will you study and labor to heir of our kludredthe to.imirovjtl0ion If no, you have the human family? tion of co-ope- ra '" BALL. AN EYE OPENED. EXP OEK T. S 85 believing.";- - He visits thebilliard saloon some- life. The sympathies of a largo circle of friends times; but then, he praises her charms, her are newly awakened for tho bereaved husband ner talents. lie aiw vjcer uerueaniy,-perna- ps iatuer-an- d other near relatives, m conse- - uua uis oauuiiuis.m running races msieaa oi mence oi tins seeona sau ios attending church, yet is sure to throw aside-everything else, for the sake of spending he For tho Kxroxtm. irivvere-ntlMOTHER. of evening with her. lie sneaks ' ... .:.,,. honorable aged people, and often uses profane y ; to tiiou iiTLiis children. language. But he is alwa vs. polite and most the English lrtiirrni7r manners toward gentlemanly in her. Though his d;rcssahdthe perfumes and 1 brin3 such tender feelings with the mere indi- - sountUaslhaU)DOIothcr51'lJhQ niostliar personal dainties in which cate that he is something of a fop and a spend- d e n ed person , when h eari n g or speak i n g i t at times, cannot help a flow of warin, loving thrift; yet to her he is not. at all selfish, and lavishes upon her splendid, costly gifts and thoughts springing into the heart. When is delighted to gratify her most extravagant sickness is in the family, whose, uutiring hands are everwilling: to perform every desires. No 'matter what he may appear in little act of kindness that will lessen the suf the eyes of the world, ho "lays liimself out" ferings of tiie afflicted to please and eiitrapIier;Jands :io:JEYerymugmakes fpoiishnglr ioTbe pleased" arid caught. ilo path of life? It is Mother's hand and Moth0 Woman! why are you so weak! Why er's love vh ich sooth and lighten all the bein true not stand the erecLand free, burdens.' It is to her we are indebted for the you which God designed you to be. It is your pre good there is in us; for she ..sows the good eed inthe hearts of herhiidrerir Where; rogativeryourlegitimateTightto"make-you- r own cftolclpnirsw soul's companion, the father of your children Mother? If ihere is one such, what an un- How can you be so blind to your own interest happy 1 i fe she must lead ! . ; Io not the great men of this world aitri-- , and the progress of humanity, as to allow your self to be so cheated and hoodwinked as to ex bute their success in a great measure to the change the one priceless jewel with which God good teachings of their Mothers? Tho hishas entrusted you, your your queen tory of their lives will tell if they err in so seem' to think, that ly self for worse than nothing, the mere. pledge doing. Many persons of love from . a being worthy of your respect her strength, like her love, is inexhaustable, and that they can dmW tHerefrom forever, . and confidence! but take no pains to do anything, that will Better, a thousand tiniesi better, never to soften her labors, or smooth her i?ath in life. marry at allr never tluhktto fulfil the holy mis Let such a one lose her Mother. Oh ! . what sion which it is your sacred right, render proper thoughts rush into the mind! Every unkind circumstances, to fulfil, better to return to the word, every angry look, .'every ungrateful Heavenly Father as pure and spotless ns He act,will come thronging into the memory, sent you, than to become the mother of of&priiig crushing the already breaking heart. Where by a debauchee and a deceiver. scene be witness can a more heart-rendin- g When God had finished His work in forming ed, than the father and children standing the world, He saw that it was good. He like beside the corpse of the wife and Mother? i 1 . i his-word-an- d he-indu- les ?I&yefteivf -- ' . A lady writer in the East, gives an account, of recent visit to this city and an interview with "Mrs Brigham Young No. 17." Her letter commences thus; "Fresh from the blue laws of the East, imbued with the idea that "no good thing can come out of NazarethV I visited Salt Lake City with all my sympathies enlisted for the woman that was struggling to free herself from the hateful yoke which enthralled her. Calling, with'some friends, one evening, I found her at the best hotel in the city a hotel which for luxury, though not for size, would compete with the Fifth Avenue Hotel of N. Y. Citj'. Mrs. Young No. 17 is tall, has a good figure, fine features, black hair and eyes, complexion rather pale, and at first sight would be called a fine looking wo man. She wore a dress of gray, much trimmed would pas anywhere as a finelv dressed woman, and looked, altogether, not at all the martyr I had expected to see.n And after giving minute particulars of what was said and what transpired during a visit of some length, the writer thus concludes; "I came away from Salt Lake City feeling that my sympathy for No. J7 had been wasted; and although I do not blame heirjQrishiQgQ-t(tfree from 'her1 . married life, I cannot help thinking it would be 'j ust the same' were she the 'only wife' of a 'good' and 'true' niau." , Many others whoare wasting, sympathy on poor dejected women at Salt Lake, would do well to call, and get their cyeagnencd. , soul-wealt- h, -- ; The memory of that sainted being' will ever fresh in their hearts. In the solitude of be His worthy of being prp the risk of nfghHheywilfcsee'fier daughters have.no license n gentle rebukeJorweet words of pra lie; every doing poor work, by bringing to earth sons and little act of kindness ever performed by her daughters begotten of inferior fathers. Will then be remembered and rendered In brief, we simply mean Young lady, do dear. Iler place can never be filled not sell: yourself so cheaply as a majority of doubly by another; no matter how obliging, how afwomen' have done and do. Bo not marry fectionate, a woman may be, it is not Mother ! a man who is not really worthy of you, and be she Oh! then, take care of Mother sure that you are indeed worthy of one of the is with you. Every step that can be taken .. best. to gave .her, let It bo tak ?n willingly; and in her old age, be to her a "friend" in every HOME AFFAIRS. sense of the word. Do not be afraid of overpaying the debt of gratitude, you owe her. At jl meeting of the Exponent Committee It can never bo cancelled, worlds without of Consultation, held October 2Ut, Mrs. Ma- - end. I rinda Hyde and Mrs. Phebc Woodruff were Are you a son? remeniber, if you can, the also a num- mmeasureable the of members chosen Committee; V acts of kindness she has per iO as act to were agents. ladies of ber appointed formed for your comfort. Are you a daugh- TOO CHEAP. TriE riSE hotel, known as the Clift House, Whohas planted in your heart the 21th A ult." the of on the hurned seeds was that will make honorable, virtuous night Woman has so long been regarded as either a it, when you feel kitchen drudge, or a mere parlor ornament, defective llue is said to have been the cause. womanhood? Who-- is ten minutes past ten the firo bell, at the ired, that, will 'say. 'Ob, so gently! Sitdown, according as her position in society would allow, At my child, I know you are tired; I will finish that she has," generally speaking, come to great- City Hall, rang out the alarm which speedily ' and spectators to now." Who is willing to forego pleasure fire engine, ly under value her own genuine worth. She brought out and enjoy yourself? fails to realize that to an immeasurable extent the scene. The fiames had alivady made so that you may go in the 1 and, if asked these the wealth,ambition, pridc,strcngth beauty and much progress that though the firemen worked Every daughter J question57WDul(iranswcr,T:ilMy3Iot.herriz - tho- - nisfh t . t he ba d glory of future generations, of future nations; nrlT v h rnu eh The total, loss was Oh, blessed word! what solemn thoughts and In short, the future world, is based exactly the walls from falling. awaken at the mention of that holy name. be about to $70,H supposed herself wnich she at the values, upon price Girls, too much on your part cannot be dono She is too easily won by the magnetic influence A?ioNa Tilt: recent deaths tu this city, is or your Mothers. Listen to their counsel.?, of man's masterly power, and does not suff- Iiroii-rh- t to our notice that of littlo Julia Home, obey them implicitly, and they will make Home aiid Willfam S. Julia of her of tho infant iciently weigh daughter importance bestowing you not only honorable members of society, woman's se'lf upon one who is entirely" worthy. iJurfoi), which took place mi the 24th ult. but, better still, honorable members of tho The mail who woos her may indulge occa- Xot quite a year since,' we chronicled the death Kingdom of God. I. A. M. few houis a occurred but whicli liiriflipr. : sionally in a pipe or cigar, or even ua. glass too of ItlClIMONJ), Oct. 1st. j as if of the child. birth Now, much!" But he loves, her at least he says he subsequent to the sainted her from mother, the If rich, be not elated; if poor, be not de docsand to her it sounds so sweet to hear him pi answer to a call declare it, that she "cannot spare the luxury of little one lias thus cariytb I the :c;ra uf morta Ijected. wise would see all the works of His children to-ru- ' ' ' . ' - . lire-men- v-- relv-ave- , 5 i .. y 