Hi A 1 1 B I v I --o- II ft rfft-ftf- t. UULkUU r rl. - v ( J 1 ill - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, 2. rfTr (Vfy. rtSk HI ..i U E D I TO H I A I NOT E. f I I i . I, 1873. July .... 1 -- 1 Vol. 1 V -- O-Of I No. 3. J. being agitated in relation to the sale, and use Dun tway's pleasant publication, "The New of intoxicating drinks . Tennes-TKRimiLiscoritGRs in Nashville, North West," Portland, Oregon,1 comes to Tin: aphorism "Don't fret, for fretting to seem have hand ee, date June after a little polluted the very Ncmher air; by Which fifty deaths were occasioned . in one day, recently. - Frank Walworth, the New York I : , . - - If;' to-eii- miJ -- ih New Jersey, ami Pennsylya ri ia Chicago i s going to have an Ex pos i t ion suc-eessuiriif- Avilljiojio irnoiL'llliou " jS worth remembering every day.- --3Vorrv, nVthpr than Workvears outmid breaksdown moreeonstitutionsnerhans. than anv-of- hr ailment. With some, it seems almost una- voidable, this constant care and anxiety, which is ever to be found in abundance by all. who will take the trouble to pick it up, passing over ;tlie rough places Iti life's con-- ; each State- - amlnot the patnway, and: endeavoring the deeision-th- at United Statesrhas the rawer an to judge for its own citizens in relation lo doesn't pay to form the disagreeable habit Hss Anthony ofiooklng mrdifficultiesandeyenigthem as sex and other qualificaTions. is a shrewd woman, does not give up the tnrougii a magni tying glass, asr people do in ; I Septem ber, and anticipates a more 20th, hearing H r J ,1 T if t m vara uuu aim rest,A. mrs. ca,im iuunvay is a lady ofgood sense and teeling,vho has for the "Woman's Causeand uu 11 Ul ,ier: .lKtlH:r: vv,u iiearty welcome trom many. - ; ; ' As might have been anticipated, Judge Hunt, in the trial of Susan B. Anthony, for illegal" voting atTlochestei1, New York, gave done-muc- par- ricide, will likely be acquitted, as his lawyers expect to prove that he had just cause for firing on his father. u Among thk late reports of disasters and destruction in all portions of the earth; come tnose ot conflagrations of notable magnitude Tin volume 2 .of Mrs. A. . T tair thanthat of her later.lubllee imd everithali to piove was notvaltogetheaailure chahfeitlignetne prot)atlS7tTe alio wed to'otens she (ieseryes -- wy nappen to lose signo)i inpreai ones, is not profitable to go alx)nt seeking for It to do without molestation. woman's college is being built in Chi1,1 side and the . free .l" .lHnir uu t"i,au,cluotI'11everv-onIr laws prohibiting . cago, the founder of which donated a quarter v srnevances . i i r ine nnr tn neirv i i. i, Of a millionj)f dollars, and and appro : ? . ; assist in the ceremonies of the occasion of wives anti cnimrcn oi ine constanuv increas- layingthe tinier stoRer The larger portion of 1,791 appli- - exertion. It does iot evince unconscious-cant- s country?r Thr Empress Augusta of Germany has Pleasure, or an insentient who fbrT three months have received nef I?ini visited N'ieuna in ori neaitii, was UnaWe cost of $5,347, Avere of theboveUni mseu. m every life, to ner reception is reported to m(M1tioed unfortunates. iu wnicii Is it to be won- - emi siances, out Imebeen an enviable one, and she doubt- the sunlight of the soul and mar r shut .WQ ea.v did honor to the commission assigned the r peaceful visions of man's bright hours. ,i ,i,t 1 her. the establishment of laws by, whicli they It. tokens a. we lxdanced and powerful Ax interesting history 1 ()f the: early andeif'childreiiarei days of Captain Jack, the rodw Chieftain, uarKemng ciouus, ana to oe iiopelul despite a late New the to According telegram, vexatious scenes of trial and discontent.is in circulation through some of the York Board of Health is busy in enforcing in which he is shown to have been although great men have sometimes given measures a against probable way to worryment and died of grief over of the desperado character when quite proper sanitary As the dread dis from the cholera. rvisit for which there was no help. His career as pictured, has been a ease has young. commenced its ravages in things already crooked one. A cotemporary sneaks of bavins how some of the distant cities, the amount of h JOIormon Life in Utah," is one subject travel is so great it might even a careful and interested reader of the Mrs. Duniway of Oregon has selected find its some for months o Exponent the Epizootic,-tthese past, to lecture upon, in that State. We are not mountain the at of "Mormon the ject getting valleys. In any case, the example w.ith VA sue ofuHumifui. jh ireais inesuoiect. - Saw York in takiner Drecautionnrv auwujuu uucsuuu, uuu learning . wimi vvay . . i.j uiuone tiling we can say; if she understands measures for mitigating and preventing, as "on what grounds they justify polygamy;' t and tells the truth about it. there is nn fjir n iirwiihp. flip flff rnotf Vf onnrf nfihu- yet acknowledges to having "met with very worthier theme that could be dwelt upon. and other contagious diseases, might he little success, as there are only occasional followed with advantage by smaller cities, allusions to their peculiar institution." Not A, local editor ii Georgia, thinks one one, to whom the especially as the hot summer weather has evidence or.the fac i system of plurality of Wyp--Y- pj can never be civilized was shown in the come, wi th its power to ncreaselthc tlireat-ene- obnoxious as our friendly cotemiorary evil. circumstance of a darkey clerk immediexpresses it as appearing to herself, could to of New Dr. the hunately returning Elisiia Harris, York, avers, have any desire to studv into the lnvstpriV rightful owner, a dred dollar bank note, which had been over aftfjrrefuQjiveMlgln, thaf eighty per .orileariitjastifyaMe-feiituresrther-Ex-ce- nt of the criminals of that State are ad- - poxent has paid, in any case, such a representative of . fakpii' hut lifHp wvVy Kf a race, in these days, js not liable to be pro- - dieted to 'ihtoxica'ting" drinks; in -- proof of Mis0ssbns!l.,'.oa..the subject but thinks. r: :i moted. 7 which, he Cites a nunilerof instances where however, that sufficient has been stated, tn men disand throw some Kindly peaceably lteht uwn it. to "the mind of naturally "IN PORTI.A Ni), Elaine, and 16 wVl l, been have under while the the careful and interested reader, possessed led, the Young Women's Christian posed to of all influence commit the of anything like a comprehensive and un- liquor fiend, Associations have formed the worthy plan as such sorts of horrible souls their biased nntnrp. , Th nLiAf nf l crimes, of opening houses a temporary homes for women who enter those cities as strangers would revolt from in moments of soberness. U the spread of peace and good-wilami A little this serious to upon nrinoinb. holdx contemplation it trnii. although in search of employment; and in the former pww ' . O lllllll rA!iflilv ovirvPx! th?if thA iiliwvt iilinvr fito i. si. "y-'in us. ..mj r genuemen-have-sliov.iar uiuierscinmn iy- timelvqumigm. ctyfsome 111 corrector menf tends,- - therlaw of Celestial marriage with alHdnlity, generositvv by giving ' 000 toViid- the other as as York. well In New States : many the rest, it sees no good to be derived fiom cause. : cases, intelligent, worthy men, good and dwelling ' continuously, or often on one ; - A very-gracious- - ly : . j 7I1 inimbsnneblria ;u tbhe Lii a .i- ,Lt 1 oc-cu- r ; ,.tv news-ixiper- s; and-rapid- Wo-whic- ; way-like- - i t . - I -- . d fc tLL M -- ' a I : - - - - - - - - 5rass:i-chusett- s, ...... l: , - I vy vn , It : , i - -- -- 1 v.--- of isgratifying-to-note-that;tJiesubject- reiorm in tlress is, receiving nurked and increasing attention rrom women of sense in different parts of the country; and it is to le hoped that it will lx dwelt upon more and more elaborately until women become so l) )ld as to assert their independence by dress- ing comfortably and reasonably, regardless of fashion- .- : : useful demon of intemperance until , they loose their self respect and become reckless, hate- ful tools in the hands of the evil one, instead of accomplishing the generous, noble works which might have, been theirs to perform. There is no" reform more neces- sary, and none that could: he"more productive r;a ool lh;in that which is of ' yr.:rr ..j - one so ihnch IwrnVnl upon, nnd h.ifi iv m majority who refuse to look at it in a" proper or reasnable. light. Enough has "been written concerning ioIygamv, before the Exponknt existed, that any one desiring to know the Mormon view of it, need not be left in the Iark- - for want from ' which to glean light. of-wo- rks I! . , 