WOMAN'S EX PONE NT. YOU KISSED life teach them to fear God, to honor His laws and His servants; do not allow them to fish; and hunt and roam about on the Sabba th day, while you and your daugh tors dress yourselves with care and go to the House of Worship. Boys must have their clothes made and mended as well as girls; do not get out of patience because they are so destructive, and cannot darn their own socks or sow on their buttons; their sphere; is a different one; they must perform more arduous labor; on them eventually rests the fate of the nation. Then if you "would have the right of women respected, teach your boys to love Let them see and Respect their mothers hem, and yourarhtne rorop-nizand privileges at their rights - o home, and you will be almWsufelo dorTf" effectually. I contend, boys have as much the parlor as girls; if t h ey are not right i in tip r in t tott friH i i cress to the. oarlorTithoTnrr . ME The folio wi n g ioe m , re markatiiy- beau ti fu 1 anil full of passion, was addressed by a young woman to a young man to whom she was engaged to be mar r i edrTTIicwedd i ugrvasTaF pointed, at 8 o'clock r. jr. and the exiectant bridegroom suddenly died at O r. m. only two hours before the time fixed for-h- is marriage. Miss was never married; but refused repeated subsequent oilers You k?S5edmet My bead drooped lo won your hroist, - -- i While the holy emotion my tongue dared not HpeaV Flushed up like a flame from my ;Ti'e!V.t to my cheek. .A'mtarrn bold, . Heart beat against heart in their pa?;onate hold A'cur glancea J:'seemed drawing .'my sou! through my Zr;-- . eyes, ;. Asthe EUn draws the mist from the earth to the fide?; A rid "your lips dungZ tdinine; til i I prayed, i n my ! r.; . w .- . IIowo)fteiL,ha vel heartUimt not trouble about my little boys, when they are out of sight; they can take care of themselves," forgetting that the tempter is always ready to ensnare the innocent and I unwary; that theL jmiy vontractJiabits With yourlipsuponmine,aiid mjrhcil onyour breas'. which will totally You kissed me! My oul, in a transport divine. Keeled and swooned like one drunken arid maddened with wine J And I thought 'twere delicious to die thus :f death Would come while my mouth was yet moist with -your breath; 'Twer delicious to die if my heart could grow cold While your arms wrapt me round in that passionate uiifitJlheiiifQrjwtioiw they might othtywise occupy! Do not understand me that I exclude the father from his jurisdiction far from it. But it is the mother who experts the most abundant infiuence ver the Mind of a child. Oftentimes the father is too much engrossed hold! in business, to be able to attend to these And these arc the questions I ask day and night Must my lif taste hut once such ecstatic delight-Woduticspor abroad,' preaching the Gospel. s you like, if your breast was my shelter then, Sometimes large families may prevent the And if you were here would you Liss.me again? father paying such special attention to every MATTIg. member; but a mother's province is at - In the "Ladies' Floral Cabinet." home. She should always know, unless IFor thp txroKr. sick ness" or soinrrl n e vi tabl ecause prepent where her chidren are and what associa TAKE CAKE OF THE BOYS. tions tljey are forming. Look at history and see how many great Thrbughout the length and breadth of the land the cry is, Mother's, instruct your and good men, Statesmen, .Warriors and daughters, make them lit for wives arl even Kings attribute their successes, mothers.n But X would say also, .while you more "or less, to their mother's influence-an- d ; bestow so .jnuchlf line 'andthought upon teaching.; Iving. Alfred the Great, whose ; a good and wise your girls. W sure you" doMibOiepect"ior memory ryilr never forget your boys. They too, require your mother, who in molding his mind and him the value and importance of an gentle, loving care; do not give them up done education, in an age when it was considered entirely to their father, when they them Teach their first suit of male attire. only necessary for the priests, kings and men to feel they still belong to you, and must of rank to distinguish themselves as great give vou a correct account of their time and warriors, hunters and horsemen; these were V actions, and look to you for advice and coun- their highest ambitions. as love them But King Alfred devoted himself to study sel; let them know that you in the Let them well aa their sisters. play also, aud encouraged learning everywhere; wear do if what ; in the and house they yard he founded schools for his subjects aud the out your.carpets and mar your furniture, is two great colleges, Oxford and Cambridge. that anv comparison to their worth ? Mothers in Israel, my appeal is especially Do not be afraid they will be unmanly if to you. You wish your boys to become they associate freely With you and their honored instruments in the hands of God, sisters; they will be more relined, more to help and assist in establishing righteous- ness and the - true pri n c iples pertain i n g to " ; :" : fathers for it. life and salvation; then keep them pure, It is seldom you see a case, where there just as much so as your daughters. Never is an only; son, brought up among many to suffer use them tobacco in any form; or ! .1 - .. i . 1. ; rv osiers, ami puruuviiig lrueiy.oi ineir mini ardent spirits, which destroys the body and ence, but he makes an exceptional man. deadens the mental faculties; never laugh Mothers cling to your boys, do not send at rough talk or rude jests because they are them out from you, to see, hear and lDam boys; let them see you do not approve of all the evils that prevail in this fast age, either. Strive to make them all you most .fore their minds arc, capable of comprehendadmire in men.' Be earnest, watchfuLaud ing right from wrong, Try and put up with prayerful in your labor of love, that Vour their .noise, it will be easy to bear compared sons may be lit for husbands, for fathers of with their faults (and siii3 may be)' if theyT are allowed to ream at large. Be just as families, for Elders in Israel, for pillars.....in ion. - . uld r die,-hao- charac-ter,taug- . I r- courteouSj-ahdlinaktilhetierrJ- a ' iusl 1 il'. ;siuirc-1)uWiYd.nvit- ' - careful in choosing companions forjlhem as for your girb;remember-iniprcssioii3riiad- c in early youth stamp perceptibly the after Blanche Salt Lakl City, Nov. 3. aii. e-v- aa -- iwtere-f-exacting- B kixhwood. ht re- literary cluse, while she was a rosy, romping country lass, that could not bear the restraint im- jsubse- separated, . A i xuuuneu auu ; uicj z Dosed-upoiiiersiOli- ev ! it. i- .u,. anc - ueen z-- . 1 -- f h -- tlmynftict4Jl.yaij:tiwvtnei, lived tolerably happy themselves there When they, become young V men? - - In delirious joy for a moment stood still ! Life bad for me then nomptntion- - n charms-- No yjgta of pleasuro outside of your arms And were I this instant an anjre! possessed Of the Iory and peace that belong to the bb st, would east my white robes unrepininely down, And daih from my forehead its heavenly crown, To nestle once more in that haven of re t. -v -- --- WlTCTTHittleh?llOWwn nd my breath , and my My Uea't, Disti nguished indi viduals show tlie ame divefsitv of taste that is seen in the lower ranks, and on the whole make worse mistakes. They, however, show the same sense in choosing wives that they show in managing other peoples affairs, .whether they be good or bad. Robert Burns married a farm girl with whom he fell in love while they worked toHe was irregular gether in the plow-fiel- d in his life, and committed the most serious mistakes in conducting his domestic affairs. AH I ton marrledHhe-- ' daugh te'r-oa cou n try e w They should never depart from that passionate kiss. Yiu kissed me!-. WHOM J )0 (J II EAT; M EN M AIlliY. : . With a fedirififof shelter,' and infinite rest- - ABOUT MATRIMONY . Avere ictorja cousins, and about the only example in the longtime of English monarchs"wherain the marital vows were "sacredly: observed, and sincere affection existed. Shakespeare loved and wedded a farmer's daughter. She was faithful to her vows, butould hardly" say the same of tire great bard himself. Like most of the great poets he shoWc i too little discrimination in o tvirig his affections on the other sex. Byron married Miss Mil bank to get money to pav his debts. It turned out a bad ;;; shift Benjamin Franklin married the girl who stood in her father's door, laughing at" him as he wandered through the streets of Philadelphia, with rolls of bread under his arms, and his pockets filled with dirty clothes. Sire had occasion to be happy when she found herself the wife of one wh o ro ved to be a great and good man. Washington married a woman with two children. It is enough to say she was worthy of him, and, that they lived as married folks should in perfect harmony. John Adams married the daughter of a Presbyterian clergyman. Her father objected on account of John's being a lawyer; taiRl-lincelb- ert . ! be-st- j .. haldraDadpini profession. . . John Howard, the great philanthropist, married his nurse. She was altogether be- neath him in social life and intellectual i capacity; and, besides this, was fifty-tw- o years old, while he was but twenty-fivHe would not take "No" for answer, and they were married and lived happily together until her death, which occurred ' years afterwards. Peter the Great, of liussia, married a peasant girl. " She made an excellent, wife and a sagacious empress. Humboldt married a girl because he loved her. Of course they were happy. . ' - e. . ':;-- : It is:notrgcneralty Jackson married a lady whose liushand was still living. She was an uneducated but amiable Woman, and was most devotedly attached to the old warrior and statesman. Edward Lytton Bulwer, y the English statesman and novelist, married girl much his inferior in position, and got a hrew for a wife. The Hon. Vshur Ware, who died in Port land, Me., recently, at the age of 02 years, was editor of the "Bos ton Yankee," in 1.8l6j and the "Portland Eastern Argus," in 1817. He heid the. oilicc of, District Judge 44 years, besides other important trusts. -- i l i I 